===== 0002601_18980610_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
from itS ecording mericaa ;3 at the vas in a omen t aa land as a mi :alegraM 318 from us from a bloody lespatch

and on DU and ;ht. As ins were The first bed into possible t threw( ,enty in- , to the yard tc

wife of rk-road, s said by porance my left ht. On her bus- he win- One of s a tre- about. .Icl Mrs. eek be- g been w us all I threw was all is flung ier in a y badly nd sent len the breken bildren ihe in a

Lower stained ?ts were we got ad run .ly how t three young rned a 'e both

ock on e des- res of Lagra-

rndooS e last ', and A the were

AY. ed to

If the Inced Lit to wait arAt ester and rhero

and. ter 21. :sgss good

===== 0002601_18980610_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
'real Snit 76. f our

===== 0002601_18980610_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the °Yen

===== 0002601_18980610_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Lee, dy, rds

rn,

Mia..;.

, , , :' r..,, , , . , , , , ) r , ' ' •-... 4 tt V o tril , , r ry j . i. O. I I ; UP 4 ' t '4. . , ,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
GLADSTONE STATUE

FOR PARLIAMENT SQUARE.

STATIN to Nia. GIADSTONH is to be erected

in PARLIAMENT SQUARE by

PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTIoN.

TrIE PROPRIETORS OF THE "EXAMINER" WILL be pleased to receive and acknowledge Contributions.

LEAGUE OE THE CROSS, ANNUAL DRAW- t, —PO9TPONED for 21 days, WINNING number in " illly -2nd.

IRISH NATIONAL LEAGUE. WARRINGTO BRANCH. A DEMONSTRATION ,Will take place en SUNDAY 19r June, 1392, in ROYAL COURT THEATRR, when an Address will be delivered by JOHN DILLON, ESQ., M.P. Leader of the Irish Party. Chair wiil be taken at 3pm. Leserc ed seats 25., Is. 6d. Galleries Is. Body 6d. Banquet In the Patten ms Ar Hotel at 6-30 p.m „ ........."!Lcets 3s. 6d. only a limited number can be disposed of.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON FETE AND FAIR.

NEXT WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY. AtArpoLß DANCING AND MANY OTHER AMUSEMENTS. REFRESHMENTS. BRASS BAND.

APTisT CHAPEL, HILL CLIFFE,—THE SUN- AY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY SERMONS will be •dhed on SUNDAY, JUNE 19TH, by the REV. d. allsos THOMAi, a IVREXIISM. Afternoon at 2.30. Evening at 6.30 A CHILDREN'S SERVICE wlllbe held in the morning at 10.30, to be conducted by the Pastor, To Nyto REV. J. S. HUGHES, Parents and friends are invited, when special Will be Bung. Collections on behalf of School and 'l'll funds,

NOT IS HEREBY GIVES that a separate CHURI3r4;-'ing named INDIMBNDRNT MRTHODI3T of wAt„-ir, eituated at BRICK-STEEP:2,in the Civil PARISH trati ''''''NGTON in the County of Lancaster in the Regis- cordPn District of Warrington. being a building certified no. wa, lug to law as a place ot meeting for Religious Worship, oa the second day of June, 1898, DULY RRGISTR RIM SOLEMNIZII. ----G .HARRIA.GES therein, pursuant to the act of 6th and ith W. IV.. 635. WitneEs my hand this sixth day of June, 1898. TGOMAS H. SUTTON, Superintendent Registrar. -------

SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR WHITSUNTIDE. Cll OLT H's " ORIGINAL " WONDERLAND.— THE NEW EXHIBITION. VICTORIA HALL, LIME-STREET. LIVERPOOL, (Near Central Station). LIVERPOOL'S EGYPTIAN HOME OF MYSTERY! wlnte BOWEN FAMILY; The JUVENILE MUSICAL ItIiV3DERS, as appeared before Royalty; PROFESSOR leNETT,the Leading Ventriloquist and Variety Comedian; lexeoti's LIVING PICTURES ; The GREAT CORBETT .„. Grand National War Scenes. 80. Magnificent r. eetio fun of Wax Groups, Cosmoramic Views, Glass Blow- •; Ernxih.ibition from Crystal Palace. to view all 3d. Reserve (id.

ASTRAM, TEE RICHMOND OF THE MERSEY. THE PLACE TO SPEND A HAPPY DAY. Magnificent Gardens, & Fountains. Grand Dancing Floor. Cosy Arbours. Extensive Woods. 113 OMBINED SWITCHBACK AND WATER RAILWAY. Grand Variety Entertainment at 4 and 6 Daily. Special Encagement for the Holiday Season of DAINEZ'S WORLD-RENOWED CIRCUS -4(1 the DUNEDIN TROUPE, and a number of other Attractions. OYCles still be carried free except on Bank Holidays. "Steamers from South-end Liverpool Landing Stage at frequent intervals Fare 4d. SCHOOLS and PIC/NIC PARTIES catered for. Special Week-end Hotel Tariff.

111013 GR OF wARRINGTON.—The PRIVATE STREET WORKS ACT, 1892. ketjtOGß- STREET. *•80N-STREET. fft'tige behind Noe. 66 to 120, Pierpoint-street. ..170rY s-street (part of). kba Is HEREBY GIVEN, that the Town Council of —°rollgh of Ws rrin ton' acting as the Urban District have reso:ved that each of the above streets shall be tiO:Lied. paved flagged, channelled, and made good, in per- 'Ole of decticM 6of the above Act, and have further re- ,111411 " That the specifications, plans, and sections, esti• 'Coto:, and provisional apportionments, prepared by the preh Surveyor, in respect of each such street be rip- , Th"' nrov?..linld specifications, plans, and sections, estimates, and *16.1:10Ral apportionments, or duly certified copies thereof, tf jr,e deposited during one month from the Thirteenth of at th 1898, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor, 4bl ToWn Hall, and will be open to inspection at all reason. 41i give information may be obtained from and Inspection tine by the Borough Surveyor, ut his offices aforesaid, or by endersigned. Inte,ted this Eleventh day of JUNE, one thousand eight 'red and ninety-eight. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS LL._ Grand-daughter to the Widow

lies to prepare this celebrated Medicine and genuine Family Recipe. all Female Complaints has obtained and increasing demand Purchasers sto the following CLUTION,—To be hey purchase is prepared by Mrs. e only person in possess ou of the 'he genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, 'side libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the olesale Agents, EDwARDs sezr, street," formerly o 67, St. Paul's, on the Governmen Stamp, Sold in sy most Chemists.

No. 1000

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON,' PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND sLould take tickets at theLo WEST RATES at JOHN WALKER AND Co., "EXAMINFR " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW /-A. YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA every WEDNES- DAY. JOHN WALKER AN Co., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARE' WON, AGENTS FOR ADELAIDE, MELBOLTLNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
‘1130v7

411;w vvELows BUITHER theelch. eontinu t jUst°_tily Driginal lebrity for ttti'efoerzetaeitstseir7 es, Itt What ti 414,, ttasa, Who is th, ECIPE, T . Of m6ll the 0, ce go 6 W 1 iki416,1,"4 11.10U/rift- % L!9eati.grav):3l

attend

p

'holee-all

Oria

, ~.. N.. qt. VIA I ....• V4l 70 t4the„l et. tiCetti.• -' ad 14n" ). SI

===== 0002601_18980610_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

SPRING SHOW

Or NOVELTIES

/COSTUMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, CAPES, &c.

NOW ON AT LORD BROS%

128, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. POOL to NEW XORK via Queenstown. *TEUTONIC...Wed., June 15. I BRITANNIC Wed., June 22.

Second Cabin will be carried On tne voyage mareed thus*

Steerage passage at low rates inoludityg Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to 1131.11.7, DASDS, and CO., Liverpool and 34, Leadenball atroct, London

===== 0002601_18980610_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
lmpry, JUNE 10, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S lIERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
trtYPITU

courn The celebrated efectuac COPING COUGH cure without internal

dlcineB.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames When broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expentb effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

I THE LEADING CLOTHIERS

MRS. ROSE'S

FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE.

Will positively remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., in a few doses. Guaranteed the most powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic In the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladles will save time, trouble, and expense by coming to an experienced Specialist at first. Post free under cover, securely packed, with full directions, and advice. FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE per Bottle with WRITTEN GU A RANTER OF CURE. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be ,nillingly given "For FIVE MONTHS I have been trying pills, medicine tabules, and other mixtures in vain, but one bottle of your pleasant remedy put me all right again."—Mrs, " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but your's cured me with one bottle Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this. —Mrs.

If you are in doubt as to which remedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials showing you wby the others cannot cure you. taus. ROSE, 2. ARTHUR TERRACE,, LOWER-B OAD LONDON, S.&

GENERALPR I N NG OF EVERY DEtSptIPTION Executed with Neatness and PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, b EXAMINER,., STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BY POST { IS.7dper Quarter,6s. d.per annum. is. id per Quarter credit

Ifiontv.

-WOMEN'S AILMENTS. RREGULARITINS, &C.—A Lady. having tried in vain A every advertiaed remedy, —v. as at It discovered a Simple Cure, whieb will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sutkrers can get it FREE of ped envelope. Don't experiment CHARGE by enclosing stem with Woraless Pills, Mixtures Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOYE and CONFI HENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 45,, Eeuthatnpton Ilnildings Chancery-lase, Loudon.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

OUR FAMOUS ESTABLISHMENT HOLDS ONE OF TIM FINEST ASSORTED STOCKS IN TUB CITt.. Black and Coloured Dress Fabrics. Black and Coloured Silks, Satins, Au. Fancy Lace Goods, Ribbons, Gloves, &c. Ladies' Blouses, Shirts, and Hosiery. Millinery, ry£kto, ad nd Flowers, ir Feathers,Urclt&hn Ci. C g. , Mantles. Capes, and Costumes. Children's Coats, Pelisses and Maids' Costrates. Prints in every variety of Fabric and Colozir.. Household Linens, Sheets, Quilts, Curtabas &C.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOK OUT FOR OUR GREAT SUMMER SAM

COIdMIINCING IN JULY.

BERLIN and FANCY WOOLS in cfsry Shack) and Variety.

BUTTERICIPS PAPRR PATTERNS. A full SrOCN always kept.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNEFtALS FURNISHED VOMPLMALY.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED 6 82, 84, 6, & 88, 074. DH AM-SYKEET. MANCHESTER.

.ei 13. OD.

GIVEN TO EVERYONE

successfully —filling in Mlsslng lebtrers from this wend xxxMxxTll, to form tke name of a well-known town its Rnsland, providing they purchase a 2s. box 0 our new and sweetly scented toilet S./Pap Luxine, and is invaluable for the Complexion. ShiND your solutAms and remittances to Lso:stan W. Bruns BY Bms., Farriagdon-street, London. H.O. and £1 Is. will be geol.:0 everyone filling ha the cermet 131 saint letters.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTICH.

These marvelous offera are rnscle to advertise our Luxine toilet soars, and they will only last for a few weeks. We rely on reooramv,dektion fox Yepasruzut,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
U

, FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but can be arranged. TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforeband the cog for rror:c required.

- -- TEETH. Gold and other fllllags at moderate charges. TEETH. An 31. D., also Lady Attendants.

TEETH. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.

Exors, of the fate

J. H. PARKINSON

(thurrraTr Ewa.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. NO. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET

EARLESTOY7N, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. MBEs.

WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS 3, SANKEY-ST

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIBGH-ST.

NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEIIARKET-ST

TINDER THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 6d., 10d., and is. Bd. each.i Wholesale by J. GEDDES 4.ICD SON. WARRINGTON

EST 9.EL IS HED 1833.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION

DEALER, LEGIT-STREET, EARL ESTO WN.

BEST BREAD,

FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE

CIIEESE.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE

SELEC PION OF BOOKS le now being offered by

T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED EY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cant or 41, in the Pound.

KEATINGS' POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles K lls Pl,2is, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fless, Bugs, Moths, Beetles THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.. (Harmless to everything but lusects)t hold only in tins, 3d., 6d., and's. Only be sure you ~e) get "Je sting's, FLEAS, BEETLES, MOMS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

TAR WARRINGTON SLATE kjo., LD DINORWIR AND PERRIIYIT SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS TOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS. WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. REAP OFFICR Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Arhirese; Arpley, Warrington. Warrington,

ROSIIY AND WALKER, LIMITED.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

Sly DEAR NELLIE. If the home milliner's ambitions lead her to attempt the copying of the elaborate—not to say eccentric—headgear to be seen in the smartest and most fashionable shops, she is likely to meet with scant success, for these wonderful colour combina- tions and marvellous mixtures of flowers and feathers, ribbons and laces, need a skilled hand to make them at all beautiful. But there are, never- theless, some pretty yet simple styles in vogue which are quite within the powers of an amateur. Suppose the shape chosen is of coarse oatmeal- coloured (this is newer than the brighter "sun- burnt " tint) straw, and that it has a fairly broad brim turned up at the back and a moderate crown; it must first be edged with a narrow band of black

velvet, then round the top of the crown should be arranged a twist of the same, and below this, resting on the brim, a light drapery of lace just the shade of the straw should form a background for a wreath of green cherry leaves with a small cluster of deep red berries here and there. At the back of the crown the twist of black velvet ribbon must be finished by a smart how of the velvet and some wired loops of lace, in the midst of which there should stand erect a small bunch of cherries, while under the brim, resting on the hair—or rather the indispensable comb—a bunch of the fruit should be half con. cealed in a full bow of lace. A hat of precisely similar shape and straw would look well, too, ii the brim were bound with green velvet and a tkick wreath of shaded ivy put round the crown with a big, wide bow of green glacti silk at the back and a cacheleigue of pink roses under the brim.

For evening wear cloth skirts, in cream, pink, yellow, and blue, are worn with blouses of silk in the same colouring, but almost covered with hand- some applique; or guipute lace, or with draperies of embroidery, tulle, or chiffon. Lace, indeed, plays a most important part in summer attire, and there are shaped "precernents" for bodices, blouses, and mantles, also garland trimmings, which can be separated in sprays or separate motifs for arranging on pleats or bands, or to powder the material like a raised pattern. One of the blouses can be of bright blue linen, made in Russian style, fastening down one side with a pleat and little frill, and the other of either red soft silk or flannelette, made with a wide turn- down collar and three box-pleats in front, the collar and gauntlet cuffs being edged with white embroidery if the blouse is of flannelette, but otherwise with very narrow frills of the silk. The reefer coat is, of course, just a plain, straight, double-breasted shape, but the present fashion of adding a large collar ot grass-cloth or embroidered muslin gives the simple jacket a very smart armearance.

Very smart frocks can be made of China silk striped with insertions of lace throughout, or of muslin similarly trimmed, and worn over a silk slip. Sashes are folded rather narrow, but the bows at the back are large and the ends long. Belts of narrow satin ribbon or velvet, finished In front with a clasp, buckle, or small bow, are quite as fashionable for girls of all ages from ten upwards as the broader sashes. As to hats, for school. wear the plain wide-brimmed " sailor " shape with band add bow of rather broad glace ribbon is nicest, while to wear with a party frock there is nothing prettier than a shady hat of pure white chip, trimmed with ruches of white gauze and either ostrich tips or wings. At present the feather boa is conspicuously fashionable, and the plain ones reach only to the waist, while shorter ones, with four to six tails, are very elegant. Elaborate boas of chiffon or gauze, with all the quillings edged bouillonnees of chiffon, will be worn later on, and the extremely full boa of lace is shown in black and white and black and ru, while fussy bows of tulle are inter- Inized with the most fragile lace. For matronly wearers, very handsome capes are of sequin-embroidered net in jet and steel, mounted on mery or glace silk, and beautifully finished with pleatings of gauze and grelots and fringes inter- mixed. Sac coats accompany many of the tailor- made morning costumes, and open-fronted coats have very short, tightly-fitted basques, and the fashion is to employ braiding to cover the bosom darts and curved back seams, while revers are faced with white or biscuit cloth, braided at the edge, or with silk, outlined with applique designs in braid, jet, or lace. Your loving JENNIE.

2 MODOUGAI I's PATBNT SELF-RAISING FLO Ufl MAKES THE BEST PASTRY

- ' •+,!.F.-Y .',V ,:, .- -.il, lc . k‘N It \ eir-M.O i' evfr 4•1:k41* --ttor if,,,,tri ,_-_,i . ~,22.--.4.4.......i.., ..,...- --". V•4` : 17 - --W- °` -*--------- z, ,Y' 0 . _1045 t; / _,4 J. , 7',. .:, ,)* ff -, 7:jrilPe.,o" II ca, - W.. .. -• ...0

41- .•' . , . _ . ~... - - -.- ',.'''\"‘ 11 - '-.\ 1t \ -- -.-...--- i ---= s #...1.1_ _,;, L. , : 4.6 ).. /.;-----:-. . k - • \I F\ c . i\ ' ~ •

.. tt 4 il\ 1 1;', u •;4'. -1r • :: -:, ! , ~.-.', ; • , • • \, ,-7:--1, ' . \,,,,, \ 44•„. 0. , . ~, \V.. t ... . . , 1 • -' iel ''.i, . ' \ _ 4 .:1,,,, - „, ~.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
N

flhould send two camps for our NBA' BOOK confaininz valuable information to Ladies' tow all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided m Removed ry imple Menne Reeom mended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and ,S genuine Remedy. " Never Pails. Trousen:is of Testi- -Bon isle. —Mr. W. . BLANC /IA itD. Claremont House .11.orest-road. Dr.l3ton London.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Her Majesty's rare appearances in London are now listmguisned by a great deal more ceremony than was he case years ago. Upon the occasion of the royal visit of last month, the Queen's carriage was drawn by four superb bays, driven by postilions and preceded by out- riders. The Princess of Wales, on the other hand, has, of late years, dispesvd as far as possible with all pomp and ceremony when travelling or driving. Except upon ,tate or semi-state occasions. Her Royal Highness has great objection to more than two horses being used in tier carriage, and whenever it is possible to manage without thrm,neither postilions or outriders appear. The Prince of Wales invariably travels with a good deal of pomp and state. The sergeant footman, an im- portant personage in a scarlet coat and waistcoat, with the Prince of Wales's feathers on the gold buttons, and blue plush breeches, has charge of His Royal Highness's luggage, and the Prince's bead valet—wearing plain nark clothes—always travels with him, having at least t wo underlings. The Princess of Wales has arra ng, d to be present on the opening day of the Ladies' Kennel Club Shew,which will be held in the Royal Botanic G irdens on the 23rd and 24th inst, and is exhibiting sine of her beautiful Borzois. Amongst foreign dog., Elm els seems to bel attraritiay, moat at aantion biat now. At the Moscow Dog Show some interesting wolf bunts were plantud for th-se is. hiel, they were splendidly successful. The Princess of Wales has a fine Borzois, called " Alex." Its dam is the only Berzeis in the world, which holds the eeld medal of the Russian Kennel Clula,and its grandsire obtained a gold medal at MnFICOW for wolf coursing. Her R^yal Highness is very proud of the medals her dogs iee won, ana hae them mounted in Danish red velvet, and displayed in glass eases. The pret,enc tehurocy is to specializa in dogs, and al- most every little dog has its own club. The Pomeranian Club is very successful, bat Japancse spaniels have not made much progress. A new club is that of the York- shire Terriers, at the head of which is the Countess of Warwick. Dg fancying promises to be more modish than ever this year. Despite the fact that the novelly of canine collectors has long !drice passed aw,v, i i. a wonoer that railway cii cting dogs have not been more widely introduced— '-recially at hig• stations and termird, for people would 2.iye odd entpers to a dog, whew they would not sub- eribe to the fund in a.ny other way On the up platform az Slough (near Winds ,r) la a Eleas case, conteining the preserved remains of " S'atinn Jim." solo commenced (electing at the age of four months, In a little more that twe "Jim" succeeded in getting together qnme £4O. " Jim " was a great traveller, and could perform several amusing tricks. He died suddenly about eighteen months ago, and was generally mourn-d. " a Scotch collie, of peres7 brerd,who belonged P 0 a guard, earned for himself, by a long and diligent career, the title of " Bing of le ,ilwey Collectine D,gs." Flo travelled much and visited Scotland, Wales, Ireland, and even France, in a nrrl.ssinnal Canseity, nollPeting in nine years. over £1,090, for the Amalgamated S'ciety of Railway Servant-. •• Help" did mot confine his labours to the interest of one r.il WAV seatem's <ervants, tut to all, and in this respect steel alone. Dead, and enshrined in a glass case, on Brighton Central Station " Help" still collects at the rate of £2O or so per annum. ft is doubtful whether any animal .vor received such widespread notice and rraise as did "Help," even poems beirg Written and publ shed "in his honour, at the time of tea death, which occurred in 1891.

Every now and agsin we are t rt led by some an- wouncement, made on real or imsoined authorite. that some common habit is eminently dangerous 10 heatth.One day we hear of the enormous; risks we run in partaking ,t meat that is not thoroughly weil roasted, aro'her day itIS toms.toes, oys,ers,and so 00. Tile very latest item of information however. with regard to the every day risks we run, concerns veils. The injury to our sight, caused through donning them, e‘pncially the spotted spseimem—is said to be incalculahle. And without doubtt there is somothing in all this. Vdla upon certain orcasions.are an absolute necessitc We know, but when- PP! possible they should be dispensed with, and those of the spotted persuasion carefully avoided. Veilings, with large and regular me,hes, made with single and comnant threads are the best. _ _

_ The "mof quito" net must now be reckoned upnn the modes of the past./sro smart woman wnuld dream of en- veloping her head in one nowadats.The new veil is very shoe, just coming to the tip 64 the nose, and barely covering the top of the ear. It is in fan only arranged with the idea of keeping the front hair thly,and the dust from getting into the eyes. Slowly, but surely, tight-lacing has " gone nut," and the girl er woman who sallies forth, exhibiting a waist of wasp-like proportion'', is considered " not good form." Many people seem to think that tight lacing is a comnaratively modern institution, but such is not the csse.Juno as by no means ahoy adding to lair charms by artificially decreasing the size of her waits,. Homer tells is that she borrowed the cesturs or girdle of Venus, to make herself more attractive t Jupiter. Aod Teren. tins. a Roman dramatist, who wrote some 500 years before Christ, speaks thus of one of his ehancters— " This pretty creature is not at all like one of our !Aims, whose mothers saddle their hacks, and straight-lace their waists, to make them well-shared." Cr,Sl49 'wen not wed extensively' in this cr.untry until the 11th and 12:h centuries, In the 14'h century, how- ever. a small Waist was retarded as essential to A beauti- ful figure, and no woman who could not span her waist with her two hands was deemed modish. This diminu- tive six, was not produced without a good deal of trouble, and in order to produce the result, fashionable women wore a strong rigid corset, both by night and day, until they succeeded in redncing their waists to shout thirteen, or thirteen and a half inehes. During the 18:h century an improvement in corsets was intro- duced, and they were made from a species of stout leather, somewhat like that used for shoe sole, and in this material the corset was made longer and was rally a corset and stomacher combined.

The rush for sunshades, directly the son made its appearanco was tremendous, and the delightful speci- mens offered UP, make us feel particularly glad that at last an opportunity has arrived for airing these faacinat- ins cresti ma. Black and white sunshades, with full fluffy linings of chiffon, in pink, heliotrop., or lernen- c,llow, with bows of ribbon to match the lininsts,on the handle, are the best worn. and in handles. perhaps the newest are square knobs of rosebud-patterned Dr..escien chins, or classic heada carved in tortoise shell, which by the way. seem quite too beaut,ful to conceal, in the hollow of one's hand. The epidemic in ostrich feather boas continues. and . ' probably not abate much during the summer mO9l hs. When of moderate dimensions, these boas are distinct Iv becoming, but the giosntie specimevs are far from being desirable. Nzme of these b,-)ai reach further 1196 Ft e h than the waist, which is a move in the right direction,as possible brut could b what about our knee. and feet', i• diffiriltr •e dot; fatiog rmit"•

TOBACCONIST'S Cornmencina.—SeA Illustrated Quid, 259 puss) 31. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co. 186, Huston-road I•nndOn Hairdressers Ette3.-11anazer H Myras.—Advt.

In the American cities, a new ornamental asparagus is now being assiduously cultivated by It nista, as It forms a singularly effentive house decoration. The fronds of the plant which form a dense hush, are about four feet long, and arc a rich shade of green. When cut, the front§ retain their fresh appearance for weeks. As a house plant, this asparagu; has exceeded expectations, as it s'ands dry atmospheres better than any other of its snecieo, and is not particular as to any special position. It is exceedingly pretty when in bloom, its little flowers being pure white on short racemes, the anthers being of a bright orange hue. CREAMED Fisgaarts.—Bil four medium sized pota- toes, and while hot mash them and whip as light as pos- sible. Pour boiling water over one and a half cupfuls of shredded nod, let it stand a minute, then drain, and add the potatoes, together with one egg and half a saltspoon- ful of white popper, and beat till light and creamy. Shape into small balls, and roll in bread crumbs. Dip them in the beaten white of an egg, then in the crumbs again, and fry in boiling fat. Servo immediately. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_18980610_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
NATURES PLEASANT LAXATIVE.

' '' , A , , \ *,'",‘,t, •." 4_040 _ , -,?, A ~' ‘i

===== 0002601_18980610_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS

acts as a perfect laxative should, cleansing and refreshing the system without weaken- ing it; permanently curing constipation and its effects. Agreeable preventives in season are much surer than belated drugs. A healthy con- dition of the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels is the strongest safeguard against Head- aches, Racking Colds or Fever

Mild and Sur in action and absolutely free from ob- jectionable substances. Physicians re- commend it. Millions have found it invaluable. Children enjoy it; delicate ladies find it an ideal medicine; busy men take it without inconvenience or discomfort.

Imitations and substitutes are numerous: you must ask for " CALIFORNIA" Syrup of Figs.

- - Look for the name and trade mark of the CALIFORNIA FM SYRUP CO, which is on every bottle of the genuine. of all elimi..ts Is. and NE W 18. 91. DepCr. 32 Snow Hill London E.C.

vA.P, e . .I_p P. 4 I.,PANC‘SL.I. Trade Mark SIZE

===== 0002601_18980610_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW MANCHESTER LLNEIt.

---- On Monday there was launched from the shipbuilding yard of Sir Raylton Dixon arid Co.. Limited, Middles- borough, mrouruc,hthe:•tefirtiLoinAetira:Ltiiincsteamer wMt,agihseisrtcer City, for Furness is chairman. Mi.' important companyChristopher ophhaesr recently been formed to run a line of large steamers direct from Manchester to Canadian ports, of which steamess this is the first one launched. tier particulars are as follows :—Length over all 451 ft , by 52t. beam, and 411 c. &PO to upper deck, carrying a deadweight cargo of 8,6G0 tons, and with a total measurement chnigabme3hter class abaft three capacity of 14.500 tons. She has an exceptionally large tlthdeeck engines., She quantity of water ballast in double bottom and lar4e afitte Board of Trade and American emigrant requirements, being specially intended for the Canadian live cattle trade. She has a complete shade deck fore and aft, and itShhseheiisterbdueil,:tkt. Lloyd's and to o large gangway doors in 'tween deck. At present she will ben d for the attendants. Very efficient ventilation is provided, d electric 7OO lightingeatt I teh, raorid ug h o ut. complete

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

Week ending May 28:h. During, the week the following birtha and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrisizton Registration District 51 24 ThP excess of births over deaths was 27. Birth Rat,- 422 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all Causes was equal to 1913 per 1,000, against 161. the average of the previous four weeks, and agaiest 12-6 the corresponding period of last year. The death. Tate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0.8 per I,ooo,against 1.4 the average rate of the previous tour weeks, and against nil the corresponding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- 0-1. 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 2 5 1 1 10 5 24. The deaths included-1 from diarrhcel, 3 from phthisis, 8 from lung diseases, 1 from injuries, 11 from all otber causes. The following cases of inlectious disease have been reported during the week Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 28th May—Nil. METEOROLOGY.—The MM.' temperature was 52 Fah., , and therefore 4 deg. higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 69F. was recorded on the 25th inst., and the minimum temperature 39 F. on the 28th inst. The rainfall measured 'sBin. The general direction was NE., the reading of the anemometer denoting 545 miles. JOHN FL GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

_ - - - CADBURY'S COCOA Is absolutely pure, being entirely free from kola. malt. hoos, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution The publie should insist, on having CADBURY'S —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit.—Ada (4).

===== 0002601_18980610_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
l'H E _EXAMINER FPIDA Y JUNE 10 1898

CAP LT A.L "

Hitherto Russia, so far as is known to British dip:omacy, at least to the British public, has laid outside the sphere of Transvaal intrigue, but is ' now included among toe Powers to which Dr. Leyds is accredited. At the first glance, that does not seem a matter of much moment, as Russia has no interest in the Transvaal,either as a protector of certain forms of religion or financially. Moreover, when the dissensions caused by the raid were at their height, Russia kept aloof, and manifested no desire to mix herself up with them, to the disad- vantage of this country; and, thirdly, Russia's long arm cannot directly stretch into the heart of South Africa. The bearing of a good understanding be- tween the Transvaal and Russia lies in this—that, in the event of our having a quarrel with Russia. the latter Power can always arrange with the Transvaal to make a demonstration of a threatening kind in our rear. The same remark applies to a quarrel with France; and though, in the latter case ' especially, the war would be a purely naval one, it would not be a cheering thought to know that we had to fight the Transvaal as well as one of the European Powers. It is in some such direction as tliat that Dr.Leyds' new mission is most suggestive of evil to us.

It is a very small experiment only which is being made by the military authorities in the way of in- troducing the cycle officially and formally into the army. But the thin end of the wedge has been in- serted, and that of itself counts as a gain. The cyclist is, therefore now a recognised portion of the British army. One permanent corps of 600 men has been added to the establishm,-nt. It will be divided into five companies of 120 privates each, and each company will have a captain, four aubal- terns, one colour-sergeant, four sergeants, four cor- porals, and one bugler. The bicycles have not only been ordered, but are very nearly made for delivery and the men will be taught not only to ride, but to repair their machines. As men are not being enlis- ted for the purpose, but are being drawn for exist- ing regiments, and probably have never sat upon a machine in their lives, they will have to be trained for the purpose.

There is only too much reason to fear that a parliament of railway shareholders will speedily forget and forgive the action of the railway corn- ' panies in refusing the usual Saturday afternoon facilities to volunteers going to and returning from practice in summer. But it will not be forgotten by the public at large, especially by that growing band of agitators who are now doing their utmost to push the nationalisation of the railways to the front. We must at least wait till a Liberal Govern- ment is in power, and a strong man is appointed Chairman of Committees, before this latest phase of monopoly bears due fruit. It should at least ring- guest to the Committees on Railway Bills the ex- pediency of examining their provisions with a jeal- ous eye. In the meantime, the common and feder- ated action of several of the great lines has broken down, partly under the representations of the War Office, and partly under the dread of worse befall- ing them on the eve of the autumn manceuvres. One line after another has backed out, and the directors' union has in this matter collapsed ; but there is not another country in Europe where a similar thing could have happened.

I hear that there is a good deal of dissatisfaction among some of the Scotch members in regard to treatment of Piper Findlater by the War office. It is contended that as he is no longer on active ser- vice, and is not capable of being so again in conse- luence of his injuries, ha ought not to be debarred from getting his living by appearing in public if it pleases him to do so.

Yorkshire has beaten Lancashire in the first of the semi-finals ot the Parliatnentary Golf Tourna- ment. This, it must be said was not expected. Mr. Fison had to give Mr. Kemp three strokes in the round, and there was a general belief that these odds would he too heavy for him. He played,how- ever, a very steady game, while Mr. Kemp failed to keep up the remarkable form he showed in some of his earlier matches ; and so the member of the Don- caster division won by two and one to play. Mr. Wanklyn and Mr. Sei.on-Katr will not play till next week, and there will probably be considerable delay in the final match, for Mr inson is under an en- gagement to leave London for some i weeks u the course of the next two or three days.

-- I hear that some very influential men on both sides ot polities have joined the provisional com- mittee for organising toe national memorial to Mr. Gladstone. Ot this provisional committee the Duke of Westminster bas consented to become the Chal man,and he will no doubt be confirmed in that posi- tion when the permanent committee is nominated. Mr. Balfour has also consented to act, but I rather imagine that this movement, though national in character, has its lons et origo among Liberals. It will receive support from all quarters,and I think a special effort will be made to give workingmen's clubs throughout the country opportunities ot tes- tifying to the deceased statesman's character and merits. The difficulty will probably be tO deal Ike- fully with the very large fund that will be raised. This scheme does not conflict with the Liberal me- morial which is to be launched.

The German Ministry of Commerce is considering a suggestion made by somal of the mercantile houses engaged in the Eastern trade for the estab- lishment at Kiao-Chow of a permanent Government Commercial Department to assist and as far as pos- sible supervise the export trade to China. The idea is not viewed with favour by the batiks, who through their agencies in China conduct a good deal of business for manufacturing and exporting firma.

The recent comparative return of the navies of the Great Powers is proving a most unfortunate document for the Government, for it has set all the experts analysing it, with results not creditable to ourselves. The most overwhelming and telling anal, sis which I have yet seen has just appeared in one of our evening papers, in which the condi- tion of the rival fleets is shown in 1889 and in the present year. As the return published the other day is one of a series of five which have been moved for at intervals since 1886. the figures are authentic so far as they go. In 1880 France and Russia had 52 armoured ships complete and 22 building, making a total of 75, some of which, however, were classed as ineffective. At the same date we had 62, all which were effective, and we were about to build 15, making a total ot 77. At present France and Russia have 87 armoured ships completed and 30 building, making 117, while we have 80 completed and cnINT 20 building, making 10b. In 1889 the B. British fleet had a superiority of 3 per cent., now ' In an inferiority of 10 per cent. This refers I merely to battleships and BOMB classes of cruisers, i but the return shows still more alarming results n other departments of our naval force.

Nothing has been heard for a year past of the committee which was appointed,or which appointed itself, to foster an Anglo-French entente. It does not appear to have achieved any result,for the feel- ing of the Colonial party has not been modified to- wards this country. The tone of the French Press has not improved, the sentiment of the Parisian public has not been made more friendly, and the French Government has pursued its aggressions and clings to them with inflexible persistence. It may be said that the cause of this failure lies in the fact that the committee was not a very influential one; but it lies probably much more in the constant Cry of some politicians,brith Ministerial and Opposi- tion, that resistance to French demands, however, unjust, meant war, and that the subject in dispute was not worth the loss which war would entail. It is to be hoped that the corresponding committee, which is in process of formation for fostering a good understanding with the United States, will not prove equally barren. It starts its work under the better auspices of being an extremely strong com- mittee, so far as yet constituted. The Church, the aristocracy, influential laity, representative men from all bodies of Dissenters, from literature, law, science, and art, and even ladies, are all represented Upon it, Such a broad expression of British feeling ought to find a warm response on the other side of the Atlantic.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to st Cared. Chemists, 15. lie.

LIVER PILLS. 13612'._ iihn Br Dose. for C,tll B.d Price. A. Forty in a Ay. • vial. the Paz y Vege- L--- able.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
rZt jth.l4:ll sl, BEAUTIFUL TEETH all who use daily ori the tocth brush a few drops of SOZODONTI

pleasantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. hick for SOZODONT.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

CHILDREN OF CUBA: A 'TALE OF LOVE AND WAR

Br GRAHAM REDPATH, Author of "The Balled Press. Gang," "When

Things Went Wry," &c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS :—Dr. Jacca Cardonna, who has lost money in speculation, is leaving Spain with his wife and two daughters, Castilia and Coria, to make his fortune in Cuba. The girls both leave sweethearts behind them—Leon and Castello. Dr. Cardonna makes his fortune in Cuba and thinks of returning home with his family. Meanwhile, during a holiday in England, Leon and Castello have made friends with Vigo, another Spanish visitor. At Havana a mysterious man named Vargas becomes the close friend of the doctor, and helps him to obtain a fortune.

CHAPTER VII. AS HONEST AS VARGAS.

The doctor had speculated successfully, and having retrieved his fortune he naturally took a rosy view of things, his sole aim being to replace his family in its former proud position. The physician sold his property, and placed the bulk of his money, two hundred thousand dollars, in the hands of his trusty friend Vargas, the prin- cipal banker in Havana, for safe keeping till his return.

Coria and Castello met in Spain, though the latter fought very ahy of Leon. Castello had failed to correspond with his cousin, and he feared Leon, knowing he would be aware of the cause. Some hot words were exchanged by the cousins, but their anger passed off. Coria, however, flatly told him what her suspicions were. But Castello denied that he led a dissolute ife. Suspicion fell on Leon, for Castello remembered some of his words in London, which he imagined at the time contained a threat. Now he was sure of it.

He kept away, in order to repay his sweetheart for her temper, and make Leon conscience-smitten for his share in the squabble. At last he came across Leon and his two cousins in the public gardens at Toledo, and after the concert accom- panied Coria home, the lovers becoming reconciled to each other on the way.

Castilia told Leon something more concerning the man whose face so strongly impressed him. Vargas had proposed to her! Even had she been free she would have spurned him and treated his proposals with the utmost contempt, and she told hitn so, despite his assertion that had she not been engaged her father would have favoured his. suit.

Vargas had swallowed his chagrin with a wry face, begging forgiveness and her secresy. Thus the doctor knew nothing of the matter.

Vargas had longed to become allied with a family of old Castilian blood, and here he was flouted by one of their proud daughters, whose father he could buy over, gold for gold, a dozen times at least. There was that in the man which could not prevent him taking some revenge on those who crossed him. Besides, he had been badly smitten by the charms of Castilia. Before the slave trade was so much kept in check Cuba was the transatlantic depot for large cargoes of African slaves, and their profitable dis- posal either to Cuban planters or those from the Southern States. Rapid fortunes were made, the profits of a single voyage sometimes sufficing to make these traffickers in humanity rich, had they not gambled so freely in Havana, which had become the Mecca for the penniless pilgrims to the shrine of Fortune, men despairing and desperate, and not too scrupulous as to how they propitiated their god of gold. What Sacramento and San Francisco were, and what Monte Carlo is to-day, Havana was at that time.

Vargas arrived as a poor adventurer with a poorly-lined purse. But he was sharp-witted. Seeing how crowded already was the way to fortune, he left the beaten track, and posed as a religious devotee.

In two years he saved sufficient to commence a small brokerage business and a home for the accommodation of sailors. By the reputation Vargas gained through his honest dealing with sea- faring men he soon rose to a better position. He took the savings of hundreds of sailors every year, and never failed to repay the sums he received from them. He WAS the best known man on the quay, the friend alike of trader, planter, and skipper, so that little by little all kinds of business were thrown in his way, and soon he had the most varied and most flourishing establishment in the town.

And he liked the place of his adoption, or he would have left it with a fortune at his back. He preferred to remain, and became the chief banker in the West Indies, possessing branches at several of the larger islands in the group. "As honest as Vargas" became a familiar phrase in Cuba. In the city his new position gave him the entrea to some of the best houses, and especially that society which he wished most to reach, the old Castilian families. Thus it came about that he was introduced to and received with open arms in the doctor's household.

Castello scarcely got out of one scrape when he plunged headlong into another. It was a further step in his downward career. Only a month elapsed before the influence of his cousin Coria had vanished, and with it all restraint and respect. In one of those miserable resorts devoted to midnight orgies he one night brutally assaulted a woman. She had charmed but to tantalise, and a heavy blow stretched her senseless on the floor.

To the officer who demanded his name he gave another, remembering he was quite unknown in Madrid, and Leon's name would serve him better. He escaped lightly enough, for the woman would not press the charge, but some strong comments on his cowardice were made. Yet he turned the incident to a vile and low purpose. Castello actually wrote a letter to Castilia in which he stated that Leon was a mere impostor, of the most polished sort. He felt bound as a relative to make known the true facts of his latest escapade, enclosing a periodical of the semi-satirical type, describing Leon as a man believed to be the last lineal descendant of an old Toledo family, &c., and, though not giving his rank and recent honours, mentioning that he held a commission in the Spanish Legion. He had hoped, said Castello, that Leon would have really behaved better, especially after his mother's death, and that was why he had delayed mention of the matter, and also because Leon had made him swear not to betray him. Whatever unpleasantness this might cause he could not help, strongly though he regretted it, doing what he divined to be right. It was as grave an effusior., as it was grossly untrue, and the whole libel was so seriously and so plausibly worded that it was calculated to succeed; the printed account confirm- ing the whole tissue of falsehood. In due time the letter reached Castilia. At first she would not believe the statement. Then she read it again, and the cold confirmatory printed account twice over.

She destroyed the letter and the miserable paper, for she accepted the proofs. She was hot and angry to think that she had come in contact with such a man, so smooth of face and speech, so foul at heart. He, the self-elected critic of his fellow men Pshaw But her idol was utterly east down and shattered, and her spirit broken. This was her reward for constant tenderness and truthfulness. How his sophistries had blinded her eyes to his deceit!

She returned Leon's portrait and ring, cancelled the engagement in a curt note, and said she need not trouble him with the painful reasons for her action.

Day by day she pined and fretted for a reply, but when it reached her she was ill and feverish, and stealing frpm her bed in the absence of her mother she placed it on the fire, unopened and unread. And when too late she regretted what she had done in her state of semi-delirium.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VIII. THE HAVANA NANKIN.

Trouble sometimes fills the air, and certain seasons seem suited for revenge. No sooner had Castilia recovered than the Cardonna family sus- tained a shock which drove them all to the verge of wild despair. After discharging his hotel bills, and paying minor expenses in connection with the purchase of the new home, Dr. Cardonna found he had little money left. Of course there was the large sum be had left in charge of his banker, and lie must &Om a little on that capital till the divi- dends of tin few interests he had retained fell due.

On the day ot tneir arrival the doctor called upon his old friend Vargas. They drank two bottles of wine whilst chatting about the chief incidents of the trip, and of Vargas's rapid and great success in the meanwhile.

It had been a busy, brisk time in the island during the doctor's absence, quite a speculative boom, and Vargas had made hay whilst the sun shone. There was no difference in his habits, nor between the relationship of the two friends, save that Vargas was a little dilettante in his tastes, and dressed with greater care. But the doctor was honestly glad to hear of his friend's success, and congratulated him on his wisdom as a financier, the growth of his worldly possessions, and rallied him on the score of marriage. So several nights of good fellowship pss4td, until the doctor needed his money, which, by the way, had not been men- tioned since his return, for he did not desire to a ppear anxious.

Ire had hoped Vargas would mention the subject o if-handedly, by saying: "Well, your money is all right; shall you be wanting any shortly, or are you going to leave the field of speculation to me, and allow me a fair chance?" But he did not do 80.

The doctor, intending to get a small portion of the large sum he had left with his friend, called upon Vargas one morning.

The banker was delighted to see him, and was quite demonstrative. He insisted on the doctor having wine.

At length the physician intimated his business, with that difficulty which friends sometimes ex- perience in speaking of such matters.

--------• Vargas stared vacantly at the doctor, as though he did not understand him, and sharply asked: "What money ? "

Dr. Cardonna, with a quiet firmness that be- tokened his more stable qualities, replied that he wished to withdraw a portion of the three hundred thousand dollars which he had entrusted to the banker's keeping. So unperturbed did he seem that Vargas might have readily imagined that he had not heard the query. Vargas nerved himself up for the effort. He stared with well feigned astonishment, and answered: "Why, how extraordinary! I don't really understand you. You never placed any money with me!" Surprise and pain were pictured in the doctor's face. His lips twitched nervously, but he tried to control his feelings. Vargas could not be joking, his demeanour shelved this, but the doctor scarce knew what he said.

"Come, be serious," he appealed, with a choking sensation in his throat, and a dull leaden pain at his heart. "It is business we are talking now, strict business, and I need my money. "But lam serious," Vargas protested. It is you, not I, who jest. I cannot comprehend your meaning. I am at an utter loss to apprehend what you want. Money to me !—you never gave me any money to keep." "No, not to keep, only to guard and return," said the doctor sharply in reply. The air seemed to thicken, and neither the banker nor the doctor was able to breathe quite freely. Both were excited, though they subdued their feelings wonderfully. But the blood rushed to their heads, and the pulsing of their hearts seemed almost audible.

Naturally, the doctor was the more perturbed of the two, as the moments on which all his hopes depended sped by, and he betrayed his symptoms of anxiety by trembling from head to foot. The flashing eyes of his companion quivered in satisfaction at the sight.

With much pathos he recounted the uninterest- ing details of the transaction, in the hope of brushing up his friend's memory. It had been a mere matter of handing over so much paper.

The appeal was lost on the man, whose heart was set upon a dark and deep revenge. A flat denial was all that Vargas vouchsafed. His friend was either mad or drunk.

The treachery was app'arent, and the doctor fiercely exclaimed:

"You got my money, and, by heaven, you shall repay! Mad I may well be, but beware of a mad- man's revenge!" Vargas shuddered at the threat, but otherwise he was perfectly calm, now that the crisis had come, almost calmer than he expected he should be. "I challenge you to shew your proofs. You are entirely mistaken!"

As the startled doctor stared in the cold eyes and rigid countenance, he realised in a moment that he had absolutely no proof of the transaction. He essayed to denounce the betrayer, but the effort of speech was beyond him. The bulk of his fortune had been entrusted to a bosom friend without a scrap of paper as security or proof. Vargas had encompassed him with wiles and deceit to his utter ruin. With one bitter glance at the swindler, who, vibrating with fear and trembling, laid his hand on a stiletto, the old doctor quitted the room. He rushed out of the banker's home, scarce knowing, and caring less, where he was, where he went, or what he did.

"I'm almost penniless!" ejaculated the heart- broken man when he entered the apartments at the hotel where his family were staying, and sank exhausted into a chair.

His explanation and self-recriminations were distressing. It was a sorry scene. Had death claimed the head of the household their grief could scarcely have been more poignant. The doctor spoke bitterly of Vargas, and became silent. His head was downcast like his heart, and his eyes were fixed vacantly on the floor.

• All four were engaged in gloomy thoughts on the change next day would bring. Coria and her mother wept; Castilia and her father thought bitterly instead; and so sat these four till well into the night. That was how they received the great blow.

"Leon was right, said the doctor at last.

Castilia wept, for in her heart she loved Leon as fondly as ever, and that was the first time she had heard his name for some time.

"I wonder if he has ever recalled where he first met Vargas? "

"If he ever did meet him," said the broken- hearted mother, who grieved for her daughters more than herself.

"Leon musts have seen him," said Coria ; "he Was so positive." "But what motive has Vargas had for this dastardly robbery ? " said the mother.. "That I cannot divine; it completely banks me," replied the doctor. "I think I—ean—enlighten you," said Castilla, between her sobs. "You can?" said the mother in surprise. "Yes," said Castilia meekly. "I rejectedlhim, and this is his cowardly revenge." "He wished to marry you, my love 1" said the doctor indignantly. "Yes," replied his daughter; "and it is I who am to blame for our ruin."

"Better be beggared than be mated to such a scoundrel! How dare he ask for your hand!"

"The villain!" said the mother. "If I had only known!" said the doctor, whose cup of misery had now been filled. "I should have told you, father, but he threatened me. He swore if I failed to keep the subject secret he would seek his revenge on those I loved."

"And no one knew?" asked the doctor. "No one, save Leon."

"Had I only knolim, I lihould have detested him from that moment, and we should have been far out of the reach of his vengeance. But these are vain regrets. I cannot blame you; you did well to spurn his offer."

Grief-stricken Cast ilia kissed her father ana mother ere she sought the solitude of. her own room. She prayed for her poor parents astt pleaded for Divine comfort for them in their great _ _ _

•Then she lay down to sleep, and dreamt of the happy days when Leon and she had no thoughts of sorrow or separatitn.

i.' It was hard to bear, but the Cardonnas bore their ichanged fortune patiently and with dignity. They proceeded to a poor but quiet quarter of the city, determined to begin their obscure life bravely and cheerfully. And they carried all their loveliness and tenderness of character into that half-deserted street; and the nobility of their disposition stood out in relief in its humble setting of bare walls and plain furniture.

Dr. Cardonna made no secret of the swindle, and openly denounced Vargas. Had he not been driven nearly to madness he might have been less frank; but the rumour could not be overtaken or the truth recalled. It was soon the chief topic of conversation everywhere, but not openly. Commercial men looked upon the doctor as an unsuccessful, soured and spiteful speculator. All

others Toted him a lunatic. 1s story was in. credible, and nothing more so than his assertion that he allowed all this money to go out of his keeping without witness or document of any kind. unhappily, too, for the victim, his destroyer's career in Havana was beyond reproach. Vargso said little or nothing in the affair. He posed so the injured friend, whose confidence had been violated. When material lacks, it is the privilee and prerogative of inventiveness to supply it. so !.t was surmised that the doctor had gambled away, hi, money in Spain, and failing to obtain a large loan from the banker, lie turned round in his chagrin and vilified him senselessly and wickedly. Truth is sometimes not easy to believe or discover. Finding that his word when pitted against the name of Honest Vargas counted for less than the fly on the wheel, the doctor was more exasperated than before. But in the bosom of. his family he found solace, sympathy and strong devotion, which to some extent revived his spirit and his pride. Dr. Cardonna wrote to Castello and asked from him a loan to start him in a humble way as a medical practitioner; for he was bound to do something, and naturally this was the first scheme he and his family had thought of. Besides, it was the least difficult for him.

Castello replied at his leisure, saying he could not comply with the request, and trusting hia engagement with his cousin Coria would be treated as at an end. The union was impossible in the changed circumstances. This simply prostrated the family with a new grief. Their last hope had proved a broken reed.

(7o be continued.)

===== 0002601_18980610_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A SIMPLE SIMILITUDE.

There is a little old red grist mill that stands within half a mile of where I used to live down in the country. I call it red ,meaning that the wooden part of it was red once,and still shows patches of that colour where time and weather have spared them. More than half naill, considering it perpendicularly, is of stone, for It WAS made in those times, and haply in one of the spots, when England could still afford stone as a building L tonal. Oh, I suppose that old mill has stood there for Sixty-live or seventy years. I remember vre, spoke of it as quite a historical structure when I was a boy, and that's longer ago than r I like to think of sometimes. If I make no mistake there are two " run " of stone in it ; quite out of comparison with the great steam grist mills which I- hear are to he found in America, that grind out hue- dreds of barrels of flour in a day. But it served its pnr- pose all the same, and what more can anything do ? The farmers of the country round about, for seasons and seasons on end, brought their wheat, rye, and barley to the old red mill and carried away their grist in the- regular order of things, and so did their song after them, and their sons after them. On rare occasions,whers the water was very low, the mill would have to wait for a rain ; and once in a while something would have to be done to the machinery. But commonly, taking it hi and large, it was as much to be depended on as aril other human contrivance.

Now I have written all this about the mill for the sake of using i° to make plain to my gentle readers an im- portant fact. If, for instance, all the flour, of evenf sort and kind, that has been ground in that mill for tbe past seventy years were in sacks at this blessed moment and all piled up tocether, how much tin you think there would he of it p Would the heap of flour be bigger than the mill itself? Would it be several times bis,,ger ? If you have a head for figures you can cipher out some reasonable answer to this question while I copy a letter that a woman writes about her son. Afterwards we will see what the nN mill and the young man have to dO with each other.

"For many years," she says, "my son Alexastder suffered from a bad stomach. He had no relish fer food, and after eatinz had pains around the chest and rides. Fie suffered a deal from asthma and had die' culty in breathing. He was often so bad that be bad to -fiaht for his breath. He got very weak.and for week. he was confined to his bed. For feur years he was • puir weakly laddie, and was barely able to get about. He took medicines and bad applications to the °best, but got no better. In January, 1894, he vad in a sinsli hook left at tha 110,3 PC about Mother epugel's Cantle Syrup, and got a bottle of this medicine. After taki•O it he felt that it was doing him good. His breathier was easier, and all food agreed with him. He continued with it, and after a time was strong and hearty. fre has since kept in good health and can do any kind or work. Yeu can publish this statement as you think (Signed) (Mrs.) Ann Smith, East Bellehigblasb, Ballifl dallocb,Elgin, N.B.,July Stb, 1897." The relation between the mill and the young man probably now clear to you. Still we will trace out the NW nese so as to have it on record for future reference. Not only Alexander Smith, but everybody else, has witbi/e him an organ which may be likened to a mill—namellr ' the stomach. As the mill turns grain into four go the stomach turns flour and other food into the sum avel substance of the human body—the latter by far the more complicated and wonderful operation. When the Tnill runs slowly for lack of power, or the stones are well' smooth from neglect, the mill grinds less dour and of • coarser quality. And when the stomach gets out of order,, aa that of Alexander Smith for some reason did, it doell poorer work and less of it. This is what we call' dyspepsia—a word which in plain English meanS• difficult digestion. Now if the water should run out of

===== 0002601_18980610_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
pond faster than it runs in, the surface would becoin

low, and the sodden, unsightly shores the breeding grounds of malaria and other unwholesome influences to people living near by. Bad epidemics of fevers bal. often been started that way. Similarly when the stomach I, unable to supply digested nutriment the latter be comes first weak and then diseased all over, because ie.' stead of being ground or prepared by the stomach mill the food stops inside and rots.

This was the ailment of which Mother Seigel's Syrur cured Alexander Smith. It prepared his stomach-mill. Thus, haying made our point, we end (Nu parable.

THE ST. NEOT'S POISONING CASE.

SENTANCE OF DEATH ON HORSFORD. The trial of Walter Horsford for the murder of hilf cousin Annie Holmes at St. Neot's was concluded 00 Monday at Huntingdon Assizes. Mr. Justice Hawkio6 In butruning Up said that if anyone administered poise) or other noxious thing to a woman in a case or this Irina and she died In consequence the person who ad" ministered the poison was guilty of murder. The jury' had been invited to take a very unfavourable view a Mrs. Holmes, but there was no evidence that she WO the profligate she was represented to be. Even if she were, however, that would not aid the prisoner. flig Lordship went on to eau:nine in detail the point raised for the defence, observing in regard to most of them that they were unsupported by evidence. 01 commented also upon the fact that the prisoner ha' called no evidence to show what he did with all the strychnine he bought, or where he was on the day %viler; it was et ggested be visited Mrs. Holmes and induce,' her to take the poision. The jury, after half an hour,a absence from court,found a verdict of guilty of murder. Mr. Justice Hawkins in passing sentenc, of death said he thoroughly agreed witt the view the jury had taken. In his opinion the prisoner had been guilty of a bates cruel, treacherous minder. He had put the woman t° death by the most cruel torture which man could invent. His own time on earth would be short.

GENUINE ITALIAN MANDOLIN Makers at greatly reduced Prices. Boormeue Also BANJOS, Of ITARS, VIOLINS, AC, ARCHER AND SONS. 45-49, LORD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Established 14S lelephcno 5615.

_ (COIN to a Co adop

rikinu 417 ci De,cts

PtOrn— Col earril

--ma, Pro the t 1/IDe thin, tkll4 toill

, I

===== 0002601_18980610_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tt v

===== 0002601_18980610_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
'Cot Hada ?hat lan's Ir. G ount

===== 0002601_18980610_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tie it feel 15' -

===== 0002601_18980610_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
voun( Thi rugs)

zatul Irtex: Ald tainu Cu th tat w Yifeci

Ald tpprc

===== 0002601_18980610_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980610_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tne

===== 0002601_18980610_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ma-

===== 0002601_18980610_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN MIN CIL.

A LIVELY AIEETING.

This Council met in the Coancil Chamber at the Town Hall, Warrington. on fuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Wright) presided, and there were 80 present :—Alderman Fairclough (deputy ~layor), A ldermen Sutton, Hutchinson, Blackhurst -tt,noberts,Bolton, Francomb, Councillors Shaw Green, Plumpton, Smethurst, Bennett, John -40VaIIS, Ellison, Longton, James Evans, Grace,Monka ;,r• E.Roberts, Peacocke, Furnesq, Burton, Jolley, 40gers, Wilkinson, John Roberts, Lee, Duncan, T'union, Cannel], with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk),Mr, J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. J. Dees (sanitary engineer), Mr. T. Langton (borough surveyor). THE LATE MR. GLADSTONE.

The MAYOR said : Since our last meeting the country !3 been plunged into mourning over the loss of one of rie greatest men of this century, and one of our muse illustrious statesmen. The death of Mr. Gladstone has heen felt as keenly and sincerely in Warrington as in arq other town in Great Britain, and every mark of re- IsPect has been shown to his memory, but I think an ex- .- Dression of our sympathy and condolence with that noble woman at Hawarden and her illustrious family Mould be permanently recorded. L therefore, beg to ; klove that the members of this Council join in. the uni, . Versal and sincere expression of regret at the death of ' the great and illustrious statesman, William Bwart 1 'Gladstone, and desire to convey to Mrs. Gladstone and ' Ler family our heartfelt sympathy and condolence with her and her family in their great bereavement. The k MaYor added that by the courtesy of the Earl Marshal .- • l'e was privileged to see the last of the right hon.gentle- tan. and the funeral was the most impressive sight he , ad ever seen. The music was quite beyond his power V description. . Alderman ROBERTS said he had the melancholy satis- '; ' 4action of seconding the proposition ,which had been so ablY made by the Mayor, and he would content himself vPY saying that if there was any satisfaction at all in the event it was in the fact that the whole country,irrespec- 1' tive of creed, politics, or anything else, had mourned ; the loss of Mr. Gladstone, and it had also shown that in t: the presence of sorrow or trouble of any kind their noun- , '43' as united. ;COULICBIOT BENNETT said that as one of the late Mr. . 'Gladstone's political opponents he should like to endorse what had been said. People were able to appreciate a lows greatness apart from his political opinions, and i Air. Gladstone's death was mourned not only by the 'country, but by the whole world. No death in their time had created more widespread and general sorrow. He .ould hew. out what had been said by the Mayor as to the impressive nature of the ceremony at Westminster •Abbey. He should never forget the solemn silence of tho Vast multitude thronging the streets. , The resolution was carried unanimous,v. ,_ THE LATE ALDERMAN GREENALL. e 'e MaYoe aaid he had received since the last meeting i the° following, letter :

Groby-place, Altrincham: uear Mr. Mayor,—l hope you and the members of aitieL"ln Council will accept from 1158 a few words of taini,;(3 'hanks for the resolution passed by you all con- The in'g an expression of sympathy and condolence with I feel trih337 great loss. Words cannot express how deeplye kind way in which chose present mentioned ;Ty husband at the Council meeting of May 3rd. To me When vv.a he a acnyooenf litripenoeueai vnecde of from tmh e every m t em kindnessber and assistance of the Council ,which he appreciated So fully and felt so keenly. Betook such an intense interest in the town of arrington that any work he had to do connected with vlt was to hirn a source of real pleasure. Again thanking ,ou all for your sympathy, believe me, yours very sin- cerely,

"A. M. GREENALL.

w" June &h." ATCD COMMITTEE.—A PLACE WANTED FOR

===== 0002601_18980610_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW COUNCILLOR.

After readinii—t—he return of Alderman Hutchinson (Presidinq officer) with regard to the election in White- cross Ward, the MAYOR proposed the passing of the recinordeesd.of the Watch Committee.—Aldermau Sutton Alderman ROBERTS said he did not rise with the inten- tion of moving an amendment, but he wished to point to the fact b t that the whole of the vacancies in committees .z y the death of the late Alderman Greenall had :filled up Without the slightest reference to the fact t a gen Ward,tlemanhad been elected for the vacancy i nhitecrossn and be would want something to do. He thought it Would be worth while if gentlemen on some of the committees gave way to the newly-elected -councillor. The minutes were then approved. ritsexes AND ESTATE COMMITTEE.—STREET IMPROVEMENT

COMMITTEE. The minutes of these committees, as given in last Eaturday's " Examiner " were passed without comment. 4EALTH COMMITTEE.—NO PATIENTS IN THE HOSPITAL. Alden/ISO SUTTON, in moving the adoption of the 43„inutes, said he was pleased to be able to tell the Coon- that for the first time'for many years past the hospi- was free from patients, and that no notiications of ;"ectious disease had been made for some two or three "Its. (Hear, hear). Alderman ROBERTS seconded, and the motion was lIPPrOVed.

IMPROVEMENTS AT LONGFORD. Moving the adoption of the minutes of the St.nitary "orks Committee, Councillor Monks said with 4ference to the acceptance of the tender ;I! Joseph Adamson and Co., to SUDDIF a "W dryer with gearing, fan, and pipes at C 93, the 11,2ney had been provided in their estimates. The sum of VO had been set aside, but he did not think more than 1141'43 would be needed. That particular form of dryer ci been chosen by the committee after a good deal itquiry and after many members had journeyed to f/eral other towns to see what had been used in similar ,70tIts to those at Longford. The dryer had been proved :2 be most satisfactory by different corporations. It :ras hoped that, being larger and of modern construction t Would do more work than any at present at Longford. L'le necessity for it arose from the fact that the four '2°lv Working showed every sign of giving out entirely at n early date. He also mentioned that in the future maere would be no ossibility of any noxious vapours HOIDHDro the cif P to a nui ,mney of the destructor and giving rise counc.'nee m the immediate neighbourhood. adopted I.llor Joax EvaNs seconded and the minutes were PAVING Aim SZIVERAeII AND SCHOOL ATTENDANCR The COMMITTERS. minutes of these committees were passed. ktreEtar. LIBRARY, ARTS AND TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION commirritz.—THE COOKERY CENTRE. alderman ROBERTS. in moving the adoption of the till:lutes of the above committee, mentioned that a cook- :IT centre was started on May 9th with very good pros- The number of applications sent from each of nue schools was very satisfactory, and thej number vr,°rnised to be an increasing number in the future. Fuerutss seconded the motion, and it was carried,

CEMETERY consumista. councillor Joan EVANS moved the adoption of these kin 448.—Councillor DUNCAN seconded, and it was "steed to. THE PROPOSED TABLET IN THE BATHS.—

LIVELY DEBATE' In the minutes of the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Corn . ts_ unttee was a resolution that arrangements be made "r a tablet to be placed in the large swimming bath on Ishich to record the date of the layincr, of the foundation t1;1:1e and the date of the opening of the bath with the Ties of the Mayors on each occasion. derman BOLTON moved the passing of the minutes, th° relnarked that he had the pleasure of tendering the itipirS of the Committee to Mr. Robert Garnett for his (14" Qf a drinking fountain for Queen's Gardens. He 40erst0od that it was to be a very elAborate and quit- for the place. With reference to the proposed arj,Eiab baths he thought it would be better if they se,;t'eedd.until the report on the matter had been pre- Con ncillor Dr. CaNNELL seconded. thE, .s'erman RoRERTS objected to the minute relating to be I.ll`settlon of a tablet in the large swimming bath, and vtish °Jed as an amendment that the minutes be passed tiler 'us exception of that portion. He did not think tahine,,was the slightest necessity for the erection of a to and he thought that this matter might be carried hkjit extreme until it became ridiculous. Many of them I,,ilten such an extreme illustrated in other towns,and roi„ as because he was afraid that this motion in the th,Vtes was an insertion of the thin end of ths wedge be objeeted to the resolution. Uflcillor Momcs seconded the amendment. toDeneillor SMETHURST supported the minutes of the rna-nittee, and expressed surprise at Alderman Roberts to g such remarks as he had done. They were going trotptilit a tablet in the baths to record their opening to- er with the names of gentlemen who had spent the toe"t portion cf their lives for the benefit of Warring. Opt* They heard a good deal of the tablet about to be 1:1 at a price of £5O. They could erect a memorial bur°Ple whom not 70 people in Warrington knew, and liln a building which had cost the ratepayers something ° T eLSOO he • lot MAYOR remarked that Councillor Smethurst was N., nef order. ou • SmExisunwr said he thought they should a tablet to two men who had done well for the sanwtnti and he hoped and trusted the Council would t,„°r).• and sanction unanimously, the minute relat- - this matter. He asked the Council to allow the ‘4 of the late Alderman Greonall and Alderman lto to be inscribed on a tablet to be erected in It would only cost a paltry £5. One of the ' nad referred to the committee as wanting some- do (Councillor Roberts hear. 11,nr) " and yet it sacrilege to pull down the buildings at the bot- ' Bridge-street.

the

.11t01111

11,ariers gillg 1 t3ll t,..2d

baths.

aIkYOR : You must keep to the minutes. Councillor SMETHURST : I cannot help it, sir. (Laugh- ter.) Talk about a paltry £5 being spent to erect a tab- let to the names of gentlemen who have been in the Council 20 years! Councillor Pommes.; : Is the tablet to be placed in the bath or outside ? The MAYOR: Inside the building. Councillor Szenzerr approved of the minutes, but in- formed Councillor Smethurst that the other memorial, he had referred to related to names which were hon- oured not only in Warriogton but throughout the coun- try. .' Alderman BOLTON said this was a very simple matter.; The tablet might have been ordered and the work done. and no one would have said anything about it. It was out of courtesy to vieitors and the general public,and In jdetlbe to the building that the tablet was propbsed to be erected. The Street Improvement Committee had: spent money oil planting trees and the matter never came before the Council at all. Councillor TINNFON suggested that Alderman Black- qurst should give Way so that Councillor James Evans should be elected to this committee. Alderman Blaek- ,hurst had a goemd many duties to perform and he might give way. , Alderman BLACHHURST said he had to attend two other committees, and the meeting of this committee was held between the times of the me her two, and for that reason he consentel to serve on the, c tiatnittee as otherwise his time would be wasted. Alderman Hot:rote said they wanted men of experience on the committee. Alderman Blackhuret bad been tried and found to be a good'man. It was usual for a new councillor to wait until he had been a Member a short time before be served on a committee. ' Councillor PIERPOINT said he thought it unfair to elect a gentleman to the Council and not to provide him with a seat on'a committee. Alderman Strerox thought they had no need to trouble about the matter. This would not he the first time members had had to wait before they were put cm a committee, and it would be no hardship for Councillor James Evans to wait until a vacancy occurred. He had no doubt a vacancy would occur before very 10-g. With regard to the amendment proposed by Alderman Roberts. he (Alderman Sutton) as a member of a committee had never liked to oppose a, resolution appearing on the minutes. Ile was, however, unfortunately absent when this resoluteon was proposed. otherwise he should have had something to say about it. He did not think any- one was entitled to have a tablet until the bat ,s were properly completed, and he suegested to the chairman of the committee that the best plan would be to defer the resolution until the contemplated additions and improve- ments were made. With regard to those improvements he might say that he thougheet was. Agreat mistake not to have included the erection of Turkish baths in the original schem A. Councillor SHAH GREEN thought the name of the late Councillor Whittle should be inscribed on the tablet if nee were erected. Hreribnagdtodnontehamn yoarnefoonre se. (fl ear, eaanrd. for swimming awa hear). In reply to the Mayor, Alderman BOLTON expressed a wish that: the matter should be voted upon. The following voted for the amendment i—Alderman Roberts, Councillors Shaw Green, James Evans, Burton, John Beaus, FUrtlo9B, Tinnion, F. R. Roberts, Peacock, Wilkinson, and F.W. Monks (11). Against the amendment there voted the Mayor Alder- man Blackhnrst,AlderrnanHutchineon,Alderman Bolton, Councillors Cannel!, Plumptou, Smethurst, Lengton, Bennett, Grace, Jolley, Rogers, Heaton, John Roberts, and John Lee (15). The amendment was lost and the minutes in their entire were then confirmed.

MARKETS COMMITTER. Alderman Huvcrurrsors moved the confirmation of the minutes, and remarked that the potates market, which was known as the fair ground, had been paved with setts, and it would be a great boon to the people who attended the market. A portion of land which had been lately adopted as a market in Qneen-street had also been paved with setts, and it was also regarded as a great boon. The public were pleased that the Corporation had been so congiderate with regard to them, Councillor ROGERS seconded.

The DEPUTY MAYO 6 said a great many complaints had been made about there being no pig market in Warring- ton. One should be opened, he contended on the newly paved ground. (Bear, hear). The minutes were adopted. RIVERS COMMITTEE.—THE OLD RIVER BED.

COUNCILLOR BENNETT MOVES :AN AMENDMENT.

The Rivers Committee recommended the Couch i te agree to a proposal of the engineer of the Ship Canal Company to fill up the old river course at Arpley on condition that the Corporation relieved the company from the obligation to construct the culvert and pen- stock in the dam at Arpley. Alderman ROBERTS moved the confirmation of the minutes. Be explained that the negotiations between the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company some time ago led to an arrangement being arrived at under which the company had to do certain things, amongst others being the conetruction of a penstock at Arplev, the object of which was to allow of the flushing of the old river bed by the action of the tides rooming up the Ship Canal. At the same time that the penstock was agreed to be constructed the company obtained powers to close the tidal openings in the canal. The result of the closing of those openings had been that the tides of the Ship Canal and the river now reached Warrington almost simultaneously. The Borough Surveyor had made special observations on the subject and his report went to show that the penstock, if constructed, would be inoperative for the purposes for which it was originally intended. Be wanted the Council to appre- ciate the fact that so far as they were advised the pen- stock would be inoperative. The condition of the old river bed had been complained of for a long period. Whether it was a danger to health or not was not of it- self absolutely necessary as a condition for the removal of the complaint. If the thing was a nuisance and un- pleasant, and if it could be mitigated and removed, it was their duty as a Corporation to see that it was done. The Manchester Ship Canal Company was responsible for the condition of things which obtained in the old river hed,and it was their duty to remove the obnoxious conditions. The question arose how were they to do it? It had been suggested that the company should fill up that pertion of the river which was left comparatively dry by the receding tides,and that was perhaps the best course to adopt. The objection was that this old river bed might be made into a suitable dock for Warrington. No doubt it might. It was all a question of money, and whether the Corporation of War- rington was prepared to spend the money for making this dockage accommodation. Seeing that the Corporation was not in a position to go into this dock question, and as there was no inclination on the part of the traders to do so, he die not think it was fair to the residents in the neighbourhood to continue the present condition of things a moment longer than necessary because of the possibility at some remote date of turning this niece of the old river bed into dockage for Warrington. Neither did he feel that the filling up of this river bed would act as a perpetual bar to the con- struction of the docks when the public spirit of the town was equal to the occasion. The question arose as to how far the Corporation was justified in giving up any- thing in enabling the Canal Company to carry out a responsibility for which they were liable. If the Cor- poration were giving up anything that was valuable there would be something in that argument. He did not like to undertake the position of making the Ship Canal Company bleed at every possible pore. (Hear, hear.) If there was a chance of getting anything in lieu of this penstock that the Company could afford to give and which would be a source of benefit to Warrington he should perhaps he as keen as anyone else in insisting on the exchange. The only alternative suggestion made— and it was one which had not been disused by the Committee because the communication had only just been reeeived—was that the Corporation should ask the Canal Company to admit the traders of Warrington to enter or leave the Ship Canal at any point between War- rington and Eastham. That matter had been raised be- fore and seriously discussed. 111 confessed that when the agreement was made between the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company the Rivers Committee was under the impression that Warrington traders could en- ter and leave the Canal at any point between Warrington and E ,sthatn, but it was found that the agreement did not cover any other exit except Warrington and East- barn. _ . •

The Mayon You are speaking of the origina agreement Alderman ROBERTS : lam speaking of the last agree_ merit we made with the Ship Canal Company. Con tinning, he said the committee approached the Ship- Canal Company on this point and he was quite satisfied from the case the company put before them that it wasn't any indisposition on the Part of the company that compelled them to refuse their application. Mem- bers of the Council would remember that as soon as the Ship Canal was constructed the whole of the river Weaver traffic bad to pass through the Canal exits at Runcorn and Weston locks. The company told the com- mittee that that traffic was quite as much as they could cope with at those points. Alderman FAIRCLOTIGIT : That is all bosh. Alderman ROBERTS : It may be. That is their case and I confess whi'e giving Alderman Fairclough every credit for believing what he does, I don't altogether Quite agree with him. I don't believe it is all bosh. Continuing, Alderman Roberts said it was extremely probable that they would be met with the same reply if they made another application.Ele was quite prepared,if the Council thought fit to support the Rivers Committee in the proposal that a farther application be made for _ _ -- DON'T PASS THIS !

Sufferers from Gravel, cuna-17;a—go7 Piles. Pains in the Bank Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases ef Kidneys. Bladder, Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. ltd., of all Chemists, or post free jar 12 stamps, from UOLDROYD'S, Medical Hall, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Sold. at 35, Bridge-street Warrington. Don't be pet off. If you Cannot get them write to the Proprietor:and a boy will a sent next post—Advt.

thin fer I.

_.----

===== 0002601_18980610_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
was in' ion that keeping

itroyer's Vargas )osed as been )rivilegs L. So it kway bil -ge loan chagrin

eye or.

_ pitted for less as more of his strong is spirit

from iy as a to do scheme it was

9 could ng hig treated in the

It new . reed.

I WIR country. was red re time half the , for it le spots, ling ma - here for or we re when than I ke no uite out which 1 ut hum'

its pnr- lo ? The rig and Arley to gt in the 19 after

3s,whes wait for ye to to it by' as atil

he Bake an i ever,' for the nom& lk there 'er than !.r ? If it some a letter we will 'et to do

?raider ish eat and ad di be bad r week. was * about. chest, a small uratif° ' talc's% eathiCr tithing% y. kind ol ink

nsn 10 NOVbe Ik witbitt lamelli

SO the 1111 ape le Mae le mill e rid of 5 F order t does we 011 meane )ut of

reeding .nceo 5 WO. tonalieb ;sr W use ch

of led 00 Iwkio poigar, )f tbia rho ad" 3e jut, of he Wag if she points nose of e. fie sr bad 311 the r wheri aducad hone° iurder• th said takee• a beset man t° nvent•

I

__.----"-----".. he onll whieli s south 3rodoGe .jr or 0 if yO,- ~ 'matt Id P".. for fog LOB. v".

titrice, rotttor," oro natio"- itaiW

===== 0002601_18980610_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, lB9B.

permission for Warrington traders to leave the Canal at Runcorn and WeitoO, and if possible to press it upon the Ship C tnal Company. He wished the Council to con- sider the recommendation as one which had been come to after care and thought, and In the view of the great maj 3rity ot the committee as the only satisfactory and poseible solution of the difficulty. , Alderman SUTTON seconded the- passing of the minutes. He had always been of the opinion that the only effective way of removing the nuisance at the dis- used portion of the old river would be by filling it up. The land might be very well utilised, if the Carper ation could obtain it, for recreation and other purposes. It would be of great beneti: to the town if they could ob- tain it. As it was at the present time the old river was of no use and he did not think it ever would be. With re- gard to the provision of docks tie should be glad if they could see a necessity for them but he was very much afraid that that time was in the distaet future.lf the Cor- poration had entered upon a dock scheme as was advo- cated some years ago they would now have had them to look at and nothing to put in them.. (blighter). He was of opinion that it was to their interest as a Corpora- tion to do all they possibly could to conciliate the Ship Canal Cempany. and work with them instead of oppos- ing them. He fully believed that by that course they would get more from the Ship Canal Company than if they acted otherwise. At this stage of the proceedings the Berough Surveyor explained a plan which was shown on the wall relating to the old river bed. He explained that it was the inten- tion to fill up the bed from River-road to oprosite the Foundry. C mecillor Suety Ganes : The other portion can b made into a dock if wanted? The BOROUGH SURVEYOR: Oh, yes. Councillor Beernerr arevali as an amendment " That the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the para- graph relating to the old river course, and that the com- pany be requested to remove the offensive depesit which is a cause of the alleged nuisance." tie said he was entirely opposed to filling up a part or the w hole of the river bed. He was of the opinion that the nuisance which in previous years bad been very serious, had been greatly exaggerated. Councillor JOLLEY : You should go ana live there. Councillor BENNNTT I have been in that locality with the object of ascertaining the nature of to smell which it has been stated is given off. Councillor JOLLEY : You must have had your nose plugged. The MAYOR : " Order ! " ' Councillor BeserneT (continuing) proceeded to explain the result of his visit to the locality, and contended that the smell from the river diversion was greater than that given off by the old river deurse. The Company would use the latter as a tip and would fill it up with mud, slush, and other material dredged from the river. The MAYOR: The Ship Canal Company have full power to fill up the old river bend without asking us.' Councillor Berman thought the company should be brought to realise that that was not the best way of dealing with the matter. He was of opinion that it would be reckless telly for the Corporation to prevent the provision of better facilities for shipping in Warring- ton. The Strip Canal had been open for four years and f not one single step had been taken to utilise it for the benefit of the town. The people in Warrington had never ceased to regret that the Town Council did not force the compaey to make docks. Nobody seemed to take much interest in the matter, and it was more by good luck than good management that the Corporation had got power to construct docks within a period of ten years from the making of the recent agreement. A lay- by had been constructed at Warrington provided with a transporter,and despite the fact that it had been finished six weeks ago not a single ton of cargo had been landed there. It seemed to be part of the policy of the Corpor- ation to let things elide. The scheme he proposed ef making a dock of the old river ceurse was one which commended itself to the approval of the Rivers Com- mittee some years ago. The proposed docks by the Ship Canal Company were a mile away, and it would be very inconvenient for Warrington traders to get to them. He did not wish to badger the Shir Canal Company. With- ftthheeisnhteiprecstasnoafl out wishing to make personal allusion to anyone he was of opinion that Ship Canal matters in Warrington had tb he zi river conducted rather thantoo mtuo much ewithadvantages a eye t which if properly conducted would bring benefits to the whole town. Warrington had natural facilities for be- coming a port. T. the utmost of his power, and to the extent of his ability he should certainly oppose any at- tempt which would prevent the possibility he looked forward to of seeing Warrington Made a port. Councillor TreenON rose to speak, when the Mayo', said: Do you intend. to second the amendment? Councillor Theme : If you will wait a bit I will tell you Mr. Mayor. The MAYOR : I meat have a proper answer. Councillor TINNION : I did not intend to show you any disrespect Mr. Mayor. The Msyea : I shall hold my own opinion. Councillor Trernion : 59 shall I hold mine. Continu- ing he said he seconded the amendment ot Councillor Bennett though he could not go the whole way with him. At the same time he thought it was a matter that deserved considerable discussion, and he thought it would be admittel that there was a considerable nuis- ance existing at Wilderspool-road, and that it was the old river bed that smelled and not the river. He thought that if the Council agreed to the proposal of the Rivers Committee they would be giving up far too cheaply any advantages thee might possess by their agreements with the Ship Canal Cmapany. He was never a great enthu- siast for the Ship Canal, and always held that we had a river at Warrington, which, under proper conditions would have been of much greater benefit to this town than the Ship Canal. He contended that the Ship Canal Company could be compelled to abate the nuisance at Wilderspool, as the t -.vim of Warrington put nothing into the old river bed whi‘lh helped to make the nuisance what ia was to-day,ln that department they had entirely clean hands. Alderman Fairclough showed hi, his expres- sive words that there was something they might get from the Ship Canal,and if he unders`mod it aright they could get some compensation from the Ship Canal in the way if allowing Warrington vessels to go in and out between Warrington and Ersthem, which would be a certain ad- vantaee to the traders of the Borough. His contention was that they had not,and were not likely to get by ac- cepting the recommendation af ths Rivers' Committee, that advantage they should. In his opinion the Ship Canal Company had always got the benefit of Warring ton so far. It this proposal was agreed to we should get a bit of land and have to pay for it, and he would like to know what the old river bed was going to be filled up with. Mr. Bennett hid said it was adhesive material from the river at Bank Quay. Alderman BOLTON : I'Eu. sand.

Councillor TINNION said he thought if the Council did anything of that sart it would be a great mistake, and the nuisance would he ten times worse than to-day. He hoped the Rivers' Committee would Withdraw this portion of their scheme and go on with something that would be a better bargain with the Ship Canal Company. They were giving up all their advantage with regard to t hepenstock, and he thought it would be a pity if they did not get something in exchange which would be for the benefit of the people of Warrington. Alderman BOLTON thought there had been a good deal of talk and very few facts. In the first place Councillor Bennett was championing a vile nuisance, whiCh had poisoned people in the district for years. Council- lor Bennett wished it tq be dredged out to 20ft so that the increvie I depth of water would give off more aae in hot weather. What was the use of the penstock if it was stopped up 11 Councillor Bennett was a member of the Rivers' Committee and did not understand the C ml- - work. Another thing was that the dues in this portion of the canal were prohibitive to any trader in Warrington. The toll was 31. 61. a ton and who would unload a boat of stone and pay 31. 61. when they could go through the lock into the Mersey for 3,1 ? Mr. Bennett talked about the lay-by being no use and blamed Warrington for it. The tells were such that no trader in Warrington could use it. For the nuisance in question they had a simple remedy. The river-bed was of no use and should be filled up with the sand dredged from the neighbourhood of Mersey Mills. If filled up it would make a solid foundation for wharves, and warehouses. The dock would not be made just there. He thought the best thing would be to get rid of the nuisance, and he hoped the Council would support the Rivers' Committee.

Alderman Faancomn remarked that although he lived in the neighbourhood of this portion of the river he had never had any experience of a bad smell since the Cor- poration constructed a sewer,and had taken the sewage out. There was no doubt that if the weather got very hot, the river bank would smell. He had asked several practical people and they said it would never be a suit- able place for docks,aa the river bed was almost impos- sible as a good foundation. It they could make things better by filling up the river bed he was prepared to ac- cept the scheme,but the action of the Corporation was of such an excellent character that the people in the neighbourhood had been ioerfeetiv satisfied.and he must say that he thanked Dr. Gorman personally and publicly for his pluck in saying that Warrington should be the first to remove its own nuisance. Councillor PIERPOINT contended that as the Corpora- tion had taken its sewage out of the old river bed it was no longer a nuisance. The only cause for filling it up had been removed, and he did not see any advantage to be gained by doing so. With reference to the interjection of Councilloeffeaton that no one wanted the layby be should like to tell Councillor Heaton that personally be would like to make use of it if he could only get some of the shippina owners to allow their vessels to call for cargoes at Warrington. He daresay Councillor John Roberts would find that it was a considerable saving to him if he could get boats to call at the lay-by. Re (Councillor Pierooint) had done his best to get the Rotterdam and London boats to call. The excuse made by the owners for not doing so was that the boats traversed the canal in the nig'lt-time, and that it would not pay them to call for 20 or 30 tons of cargo. He hoped the time was not far distant when Warrington would be able to make it worth while for shippers to let their boats call at Warrington, (Hear, hear.) Al lerman FAIRCLOUGH quite agreed with the action of the Rivers Committee in having the old river bed filled up. He felt that the Corporation had given a great deal to the Ship Canal Company for which they had not received much in return. Warrington traders bad a

great grievance with the Ship Canal Company in being compelled to go out of the Ship Canal at E wham Locks. If they left the canal at Runcorn they would have to nay a toll of 23 31 a ton. The boats of his firm bad to journey through Eastham Locks in order to get to Wid- nes. Ile was sure the Rivers Committee ought to take steps to enable Warrington traders to get out of the canal at any point between Warrington and Esatham. The Comp my had promised to give them an eight feet draft in the river, but they hadn't done so. Councillor FURNESS sail he was inclined to think that if the matter were adjourned for a short time the-Rivers Committee might be able td get some concession from the Ship Canal Company in the direction indicated. Is far as his knowledge served, it seemed to him that it had been a case of conceding to the Ship Canal Com- pany concessions time after time, and as the CiPrports- lion was not compelled to give the concession men- tioned in the resolution be thought they might be able to get something more for it. Ile did not see why the Rivers Committee should give them this concession when the company were compelled to fill up the river. _

Councillor LONGTON supported the amendment. Be thought they would be very rash men, and would be taking up a very responsible position, if they made up their minds that it was right to fill up the old river bed. The interests of the town had been sacrificed to half-a- dozen traders. _ _

I—wEo—ut;iiros:in.ion said the docks which the Corpora- tion was empowered to construct after the lapse of eight " years from now would not be of much use. He under- ' stood the docks they would be empowered to construct would only be of a depth of 12ft. It seemed to him that if they were only to be allowed to admit vessels drawing 121 t. it was not the slightest use building docks. Alderman Rosman, in reply, said he was somewhat staggered to hear the remark of Councillor Grace that the Corporation would only have power to construct a dock 12ft. deep. He did not know where Councillor Grace got his information from, but it was absolutely incorrect. With reference to the remark of Councillor Loneton that the town's interests had been sacrificed for the benefit of half-a dozen traders, he wished to remind him that theßivers Committee acted is conjunction with a representative committee of traders in Warrington. I . The pint committee consisted of 20 members represent- ing the Town Council and the principal firms of War- riagton. Therefore whatever decisions were arrived at they were the molt of the deliberations of the whole committee. It was cot correct, as Alderman Fairclough said, that they were continuality giving things away to the Ship Canal Company. He challenged the members of the Council, individually and collectively to state what things had been given away. Councillor Lottozon . You could have stopped them from opening the Canal. Alderman ROBERTS : We should have occupied a mist ignominious position in trying to stop the °peeing of the ICanal simply because the company had not performed certain duties. Arrangements had been made for open- ing the Canal by Her Majesty the Queen and we should have deserved to kayo been kicked out if we had tried to prevent the opening of the Carlal. Alderman BOLTON: And we should have got kicked out. (Laughter.) Alderman ROBERTS proceeded to state what had been given by the Corporation to the Company and detailed the great advantages which had been given in return, including a modified toll for all traders of to-day and all traders in the future. There was also the great concession of dredging the river, and dredging before all wharves, There had been not much giving on the part of Warring- ton. The giving away had been on the part of the Snip Canal Company to Warrington, and that was the opin- ion in Manchester. With reference to the remarks of Councillor Tinnion he (Alderman Roberts) was willing to admit that they were relieving Ithe Ship Canal Com- pany of an expense of £5OO in foregoing the penstock. Councillor Tinnion suggested that the Corporation ought to get something in return. He confessed that he did not know what they could suggest for it. The proposal made in regard to the egress and ingress of vessels between Warrington and Bistham would be considered by the committee and pressed upon the Ship Canal Company. Dealing with the objections of Councillor Bennett he said unfortunately Councillor Bennett did not carry his enthusiastic notions to a practical issue, and it was because of his impractica- bility that he joined issue with him. The Rivers Com- mittee could not be held responsible for the lay-by not being used. He thought the Rivers Committee was be- ing held responsible for a great many things, and why they should be held responsible for the lay-by he could not understan It was only within a week or two that d. that the lay-by had been equipped for trade. Councillor BENNETT : Six weeks. Alderman ROBERTS (continuing) said the lay-by be- longed to the Shin Canal Company and if the company were not smart enough to put before the traders of War- ringtoa sufficient reasons to induce them to bring their goods there, then it was the fault of the Ship Canal ' Company and not the fault of the Rivers Committee. Councillor BENNETT : The Ship Canal Company want the traffic at Manchester. Alderman ROBOTS : The Manchester people don't want the business to come to Warrington, and are not offering any facilities to use the lay-by at Warrington. Councillor BBNNETT : We have never tried them. Alderman &meal's : Councillor Bennett is a member of the Rivers Committee and is as much responsible for any remissness as myself or any other member of the committee. Councillor BENNErr : I have been continually asking questions with reference to the lay-by, but have always been told that we were waiting for its eompletion. Alderman ROBERTS (continuing) said the lay-by wee a matter of commerce and business. What had the Rivers Committee got to do with it ? It was outside their jurisdiction. If they could assist the traders in any negotiations which took place they would be only too pleased to do so. It was not for the Rivers Committee to take the initiative. With reference to the construc- tion of docks at Warrington they had ten years from 1896 in which to consider the question of making their own decks. The Rivers Committee could not,at present, see it way to deal with the question of docks. The reason why the proposal to utilise the old river bed as a dock was dropped was in consequence of it being found that the area was outside the limit to which the modi- fied tolls applied.and consequently all merchandise would be liable to the full schedule tolls which were very ex- cessive. In conclusion he stated that the recommenda- tion of the Rivers Committee, courled with the under- standing that application would be made for permission to allow Warrington traders to have egress and ingress at the other locks between Warrington and Eastham, was the best solution of the difficulties which had to be faced. The minutes were then confirmed. only three mem- bers—Councillors Bennett, Longton, and Pierpoint,— voting for the amendment. WATER COMMITTEE.—THE SUPPLY TO LOVELY LANE.

The Water Engineer was, at a meeting of the above committee,instructed to report upoa the water supply to Liverpool-road, Lovely-lane, and Bewsey-road. Alderman ESANCOMB moved, and Alderman Btacx- HURST seconded, the cenfirrnation of the minute. Councillor Le observed that the water engineer had already received instructions about improving the supply of water in Liverpool-road, Lovely-lane, and Bewsey- road, and that he would attend to the matter as soon as convenient. The minutes were carried. ovissasimit COMBIITTILE.

Coancillor Timex proposed the adoption of the , minutes. councillor SDIETHORST ascended, and said that he was , a member of several committees, and should be glad to retire as a member of the Gymnasium Committee in favour of the newly-elected member of the Council, Councillor James Evans. Councillor POSRPOINT : That can corns on at the next meeting. The MAYOR: Yes, I think that will be best. The minutes were then agreed to. THE DEVIATION OF SLUTCHER'S LANE. The minutes of the General Purposes Committee con- tained a resolution with reference to the authorized deviation of Slutcher'e-lane. The Town Clerk, at a meet- ing of the commiitee, reported that he had received the award in the arbitration Proceedings between the Cor- poration and Arthur Wilson. The amount was £4,81.0. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes and said with regard to the estate they would remember 1 that the London and North-Western Railway Company obtained powers under a recent Act to divert Slutcher'e- lane, which they proposed to carry over the lines of the company by bridges. The width of the authorized new roads and bridges was 22 feet, and the Council some time ago decided to request the company to widen the bridges and the approach to them to 40 feet in width. The company were prepared to do this at the cost of the Corporation. The only item which concerned the Corporation was the one of £2,775. This covered the cost of widening the incline and approach from Wilson Patten-street and the bridges. The road leading from the proposed bridges to the three arches was not of the same importance; and he did not think the Corporation would be justified in incurring the cost of widening that read. They were aware that Mr. John White,on behalf of Lord Winmarleigh's trustees, was prepared to continue the road from the bridges across land belonging to Lord Winmarleigh at his own ccst, and they would see from the estimate, the company had offered to contribute £1340 towards the making of the road. The Town Clerk , informed him that he was in communication with the London and North-Western Railway Company on the ' important question of the maintenance of the roads. The assent of Lord Newton to the proposed new roads across Arpley weuld be required, but from a conversation with Mr.Pardey it was not likely that any objection would be raised. Alderman BOLTON explained that the resolution did not commit the Council to the spending of any money whatever. The Town Clerk had simply to aseertain further details of the proposed work. TEE FEATHER'S HOTEL ARBITRATION. ALDERMAN SUTTON'S ACTION SEVERELY CRITICISED.

Councillor BENNET asked if 40ft:Was a sufficient width for the proposed new road at Arpley. He should also like to mention a matter that was ruled out of order at tho last meeting,but which he could mention briefly that

night. N 4 ono had a greater regard for Alderman Sutton than he had, but he should like to refer to the recent arbitration proceedings. Alderman Sutton was a per- sonal favourite of his, but he was b und to quarrel very seriously with him in giving evidence in the recent arbitration. Councillor Chum : 1 rise to a point of order. Is this on the minutes of the committee? The Mayon: lam advised that Councillor Bennett is in order. _ . .

Councillor Ramis-yr : I consider the worthy Alderman's action is quite indefensible, if not illegal. If not illegal it is most indiscreet. No man can serve two masters, and if Alderman Sutton prefers his professional fees to the public) interest he should retire from his position as a member of the Corporation. I think that is the opinion of 19 out of 20 persons. I congratulate the town upon the satisfactory end of the award, but I am sorry that I have to couple my congratulations .with this criticism.

Alderman'Bovrow : Does Councillor Bennett get any fees, By b,eing auditor ? Alderman SUTTON : Yes. I don't get anything. Alderman Feaercomn referring to the question of the bridge in Slutcher's-lane, said he did not see why such an enormous etructure was required. : Alderman Suwon said the sum of £2,775 appeared to him to be a very large one to pay either for the roads or the bridges at Arpley. He failed to see what benefit there would be to the ratepayers. If any people would benefit it would be the' owners of the property. (Hear. hear.) Why should the Corporation provide now roads and wide bridges? Alluding to his connection with the recent arbitrations, Alderman Sutton said : Councillor Bennett has been pleased to speak about this matter. He has had it on his mind for a long time,and at last ho has been able to speak out what he desired to say. He has made a complaint with respect to my conduct in refer- ence to the recent arbitration. After the explanation which I have already made through the newspapers I do not consider it necessary that I should trouble myself by replyikg to the attack which balsas made upon me to- night. Some people,like Councillor Bennett for instance, are of a sensitive nature,and are often disposed to strain at a gnat when they could very easily swallow a camel. (Laughter.) They can make sentimental objections to almost every matter which may come under the notice of the Council of a very trifling nature, whilst they can support any pet scheme of their own, however expen- sive or extravagant it may be. That is the character of my friend Councillor Bennett,and no doubt his object to some extent is to gain popularity. (" No, no," and laughter.) Alderman FIIANCOMB : He is only a dreamer.(Rene wed laughter.) Alderman Sorrow: I have had a great many attacks made upon me of late,and I cannot help referring to the one which was made upon me by a published circular and advertisement which appeared on the walls during the late election in the Whitecross Ward. Everyone I know pronounces that to be most scurrilous and offen- sive.

Alderman BOLTON: It is not on the minutes. Alderman SUTTON: It has been so considered by many of my friends. Alderman ROBERTS rose to speak when Alderman FRANCOMB (interrupting) said : You are innocent. You have nothing to do with it. Alderman ROBERTI: But I should like some informa- tion about this matter. I slioqld like to know if members are allowed to introduce matters here which have origin- ated outside. . .

Alderman SUTTON (to the Mayor) : Whatever the Town Clerk's opinion may be I shall ask for fair play. The regulations of the Council are in your hands, and as long as I am attacked in the way I have been I claim to have the privilege of a reply. Alderman Ireascoam: Alderman Roberts had nothing to dojwith it. Alderman ROBERTS : I Alderman Sutton in order in referring to matters originating outside ? Alderman SUTTON : We are always to accord with what you say. Alderman ROBERTS: I ask for the Mayor's ruling. The MAYOR : I think Alderman Sutton has a right to refer to the matter, but I hope he will make it as brief as possible. I wish to put an end to these personalities. Alderman ROBERTS : Then I shall reply to him. Alderman Surron : That circular was so offensive that I have been urged by many to take action in the matter. Alderman BOLTON : What is tho cii cular ? I don't know anything about it. Alderman SUTTON : I have finished with it. The cir- cular was a dishonest way of securing votes. What I wish to say, in conclusion, is this, that as long as I am a member of the Council I shall consider it my duty to support every ratepayer in the borough, and if I consi- der he is being unjustly dealt with by any committee of the Corp Ration I shall do my best to prevent that com- mittee carrying out what it proposes to do. Let me say further that at the present moment I feel thankful that I have not been a party to bringing about the rejoicings which many people seem to have made in reference to the result of the arbitration. I shall never gloat over it, and I am thankful that I never attempted to gloat over the fact that a ratepayer of this borough has been forced to sell his property for what is considered to be less than the actual value. . . . . . _

_ Alderman Rosman : It was not my intention to have said anything about this matter, because I have had an opportunity of doing so in the public press, but as the Alderman has taken up a position to-night in regard to what Councillor Bennett has said which is in my opinion absolutely unjustifiable and prejudicial te the beet inter- ests of the town, I feel bound to say a word or two. I take no the initial position, and say that every member of the Council who comes here is charged with a respon- sibility for the general body of the ratepayers. That is the purpose for which he is elected—to do what he can for the best interests of the general body of the rate- payers. What is Alderman Sutton ? He is chairman of the committee which initiated the improve's:lent in Bridge-street, and then he goes into court against the Corporation, and against the ratepayers of Warrington. Alderman BOLTON : We ought not to be judges of this sort of thing. Alderman ROBERTS : I am speaking to facts, and lam going to get the facts out. Alderman SUTTON : Mr. Roberts interrupted me and I am going to imerrapt him. I ask Mr. Roberts to what extent I have benefVed by the action I have taken ; and whether it is not my duty to protect the ratepayers? I was engaged independently of any connection I had with the Corporation in toe first place to value the pro- perty. Then I was asked to support that value before the court. If I bad refused to do so they could have got me there on on a subpcena. I should have been obliged to go under any circumstances, and to accuse me of dis- honest conduct is a very irrproper thing, and I am sur- prised that Alderman Roberts and Councillor Bennett should have b-en so bitter as they have been because I was obliged to take the part I did in my own private business. Whether I liked it or not I was compelled to do no. (Interruption.) The MAYOR I roust beg there may be no further in- terruption. lam very sorry this discussion has taken place. Alderman Surrost : Alderman- Roberts has already said enough. Alderman ROBERTS : lam perfectly satisfied with the position I took up in the press, and was content to leave the matter there, but as Alderman Sutton has referred to the matter in reply to Councillor Bennett, and has made remarks which are not justifiable and are not in the best interests na the good government of the town, I feel bound to justify the position I have taken up. The position is this, Alderman Sutton was professionally en- gaged against the interest of the Corporation. If he will assure me that he took that appointment without fee or reward it will put an entirely new complexion on the matter. Alderman SIITToN : Do you do such things? The MAYOR Do be quiet. Alderman ScrTrox : I will become a manager of a limited liability Company. That's the way to do it. At this stage of the discussion several members of the Council rose and left the table. Alderman BOLTON If we have to vote upon Alder- man Sutton's conduct I will it here, but If net lam going. The MAYOR : You must sit down cr I will retire from the chair. Alderman BOLTON then left the room. Alderman ROBERTS : I think there are sufficient members who have enough self-respect and regard for the interests of Warrington to rennin to keep a quorum and listen to what I have to say. In Alderman Sutton's case the greatest possible importance was attached to his evidence by the counsel for the plaintiff, Mr. Wilso 12 because of a fact that he was a member of the Corpora- tion,and chairman of the Street Improvement Commit- tee which initiated the improvement. If you will read counsel's address you will see that the greatest import- ance was attached to the value of his evidence. Alderman Simon The committee had no voice in the matter. Let us have the truth. Alderman ROBERTS : You are getting the truth and don't like it. What Alderman Sutton went into court to do was to ask the court to give between £3,000 and bi,ooo more money than the umpire had awarded, and nearly double the price the Corporation were advised was the value of the property. Well,if that is consistent with what in these enlightened days is considered to be proper conduct on the part of an alderman of a corpor- ation I have nothing more to say in the matter. Alderman SfrrToN ; My valuation was more in com- parison than what the Corporation offered. The discussion then dropped and the minutes of the committee were confirmed.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY.

The MAYOR moved :—That on the occasion of the Public procession of Sunday scholars, on Friday, theist July, 1898, no cart, carriage, lurry, or any vehicle (except tarries or other vehicles used for conveying chil- dren in the procession and mail carte), and no horse shall be allowed to remain in or travel along any of the fallowing streets between the hours of nine a.m. and 12 30 p.m., vir :—Bevrsey-street, Bold-street, Bridge. street, Huttermarket-street, Hormemarket-street, Warn- street, SAnkey-stroet, Parker-street, and Wilson Patten- street. The above order shall cease to apply to any Ot the above-named streets as 80011 as the Procession, in its proper order, has passed along any such street. Alderman FAANCOMI seconded, and it was agreed to. The Connell then rose.;

===== 0002601_18980610_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

CYCLING AND CYCLISTS.

No. lII.—THE EVOLUTION OF

THE CYCLE.

DT CHARLES P. SISLEY (EDITOR OF THE "CYCLE").

-.-APA„., •

It is just thirty years ago that we in England were surprised by the appearance at some of the London gmnasia, and in a few of the principal thoroughfares, of a mechanical contrivance con- sisting of two wheels in a line, connected by an iron framework, on which a saddle was placed. On this saddle a man sat, propelling the machine by means of treadles on the front wheel, and steering by means of a handle-bar.

The new contrivance came from Paris, and the greatest wonder was expressed at the possibility of being abls to balance oneself on such a machine; it was looked upon with little favour by the pre- judiced public—at the best it was considered an ingenious French toy—and he would have been a bold man who then ventured the prediction that the riding of machines not dissimilar to these would become almost as common as walking, would create a new and enormous industry, and would institute little less than a social revolution in the country. Yet these have been some of the effects of the introduction of those primitive types of cycle into England in the 'sixties, and the object of this brief sketch is to shew how this silent revolution has come about.

In its early days the bicycle was entirely an instrument of pleasure and recreation. Bicycling was a hobby confined to the well-to-do and the enthusiast. The devotee of the wheel had in those days to stand a fire of

INCESSANT CHAFF AND RIDICULE

such as we, who nowadays buy a "bike" as a matter of course, as one would buy a hat or a golf stick, have no conception of. To be a bicyclist was to declare oneself independent of conventionality, and become a target for the jests of one's friends, and in a far greater degree, of course, for the gibes of the übiquitous street boy. Only an enthusiast could possibly remain loyal to the wheel, for the apprenticeship he had to serve was a severe one. Machines were clumsily put together, accidents were numerous, and the discomforts and annoyances too frequent to recount.

But there must have been plenty of compensatory pleasure in propelling those heavy old "bone- shakers "—as these early cycles were dubbed—or the pastilne would not have lasted a single season. Instead of dying, more and more Englishmen took it up; the French manufacturers were kept busy supplying us with new machines; accounts of rides accomplished on them began to appear in our newspapers, and gradually, as with the motor-car to-day, it began to dawn upon the English people that there was something in the idea after all. When the awakening did come English makers began to spring up, and the building of velocipedes was commenced in earnest. Then the French machines were needed no longer. Although a great many bicycles were constructed in London, the quaint old city of Coventry gradually came to be considered the headquarters of the new industry. Ribbon-making was in a bad way, watch- making was depressed, and some of the Coventry firms started to manufacture sewing-machines, and, as a sort of side-line, bicycles.

The bicycle of those days had equal-sized wheels, and was driven direct from the axle of the front wheel. Strangely enough, the bicycle of to-day has many of the characteristics of those earliest mounts. Its wheels are equal-sized, the rider sits in much the same position relatively and steers in much the same way, the main difference being that instead of driving direct on to the front wheel we now drive the rear wheel, by means of a chain or by connecting rods and bevel cogs. But in the 'seven- ties inventors had not advanced to this stage, and it was not until the bicycle had gone through a multitude of changing shapes and sizes and styles that the original shape was in the main reverted to. The first modifications which took place were in THE SIZE OF THE WHEELS.

The front one was gradually made larger, and the rear wheel became smaller by degrees and beauti- fully less. The result was to produce a most sym- metrical and elegant machine, and it became the proud aim of the enthusiast to ride the highest possible wheel. The craze—like all crazes—soon killed itself. Riding became too dangerous for the ordinary man, and the thoughts of inventors were turned in the direction of "safety" bicycles.

In the early 'eighties bicycles in all manner of shapes and sizes were designed for making tiding safer, but very few of the ideas were really practi- cable. Perhaps the most popular at this time were the Extra-Ordinary, a bicycle which enabled its rider to sit far behind the centre of the front wheel, and the Facile, a more lowly mount, worked by levers. The "Kangarocl" was a diminutive type of bicycle, front-driven by means of chains, and it had a con- siderable vogue. But nothing really met the case until the earliest fashion of two equal-sized, or almost equal-sized, wheels was reverted to. This was done in the Rover Safety bicycle, and in this machine the driving was transferred to the rear wheel by means of a chain. The rider sat virtually between the wheels, and steered the front one by means of forks which raked backwards considerably. It was not long before practical riders saw in the Rover type of bicycle the want that had so long been felt. Gradually it was taken up. Big feats began to be accomplished on it; its manufacture in modified forms by nearly all the manufacturers was commenced, and a new era dawned for the cycle industry. To mount and ride a bicycle was no longer a semi-acrobatic performance. Elderly men, aye, and our wives and daughters were able to share the delights of bicycling with the young and athletic members of the community, who had hitherto monopolised the pastime, and the result of the adoption of this new and more rational type of wheel we see in the present popularity of cycling all over the world. It must not be supposed, however, that the new type was adopted at a bound, either by the makers or the public. Par otherwise was th• case. A tremen- dous amount of prejudice had to be broken down, and, as one of the earliest riders of the Rover type, I know how hard it was to convince people that it was a faster mount than the old high bicycle, as well as infinitely safer and better adapted to the varying requirements of old and young, strong and weak, expert and novice. Its riders were laughed at, described as

" BEETLES " AND " BLONDIN DONKEYS,"

and other strange things, for a very long time. They were debarred from races and tabooed generally. I remember attending a big meet of riders where, among some hundreds of machines ridden, my Rover was the only safety bicycle of that type in the crowd. . .

But conviction came at last to the majority of riders, and then people began to see the true possibilities of the wheel. Then it was that, iia addition to being a machine for pleasure and exercise, it first became a useful adjunct to the professional and business man.

It was long, however, before a woman was able to ride a salety bicycle iv/wont risaing a repuuatiou for "fastness." A few ladies, bolder than the bulk of their sisters, first made the plunge on bicycles specially built with low frames to accommodate their skirts. They met with a storm of disapproval even from cyclists, and for a time lady-cycling languished. It is difficult to say when public opinion definitely turned round and made it permissible for ladies to ride bicycles. When it did the fair sex seem to have entered the "biking " arena with an irresistible rush, and about three years ago they simply over- whelmed the manufacturers with their demands. To-day the output of bicycles for ladies must be quite equal to the number built for men, and the effect of this influx of the fair sex into cycling has been to elevate the pastime in a way that would have been deemed impossible a decade since. When cycling was confined to men, and mainly young men, cyclists! manners on the public roads were often marked by a boisterousness which brought the pastime into great disrepute. .....

Ten years ago a lady was only seen cycling on very rare occasions. When she did venture forth it was either on the front seat of a machine "built for two" or on a heavy single tricycle, and her mileage was not excessive under such circumstances. To-day our highways and byways are rendered delightful by the presence of the English girl cyclist, escorted by father, brother, or sweetheart. She has had a new world opened to her. Her ideas are expanding. She:has transformed cycling from a sport of athletic giants, eager to kill distance with humped back and hideous screech, into an element of everyday social life, and cycling is the better for her chastening influence.

In the early days the bicycle was frequently undergoing great changes of pattern, and very little special machinery had been invented to aid in its manufacture. Alterations in style followed each other so closely that bicycleAmilding was often a very risky enterprise financially. One or two radical changes have temporarily spelt disaster to numbers of makers,but have in each case eventually led to an enormous increase of trade. One of these radical departures was the present "Rover" type of bicycle, which left

===== 0002601_18980610_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
A 'CAST NUMBER OF lIIGH BICYCLES

on hand. Another was the sudden jump into popularity of the "Humber" shape of framework, with which we are all familiar, as it is that now universally adopted, and which made thousands of machines of the "Referee," or short-steering head type, almost unsaleable. The change, however, which created the most consternation among makers was the introduction of the air tyre. When it first came on the scene the manufacturers of cycles, after having made innumerable changes in their patterns, were con- gratulating themselves that at length "fixity of pattern" had been reached, and that for some years to come they could adopt one standard type and begin to recoup themselves for their years of experi- ment. With this idea in mind many of them had been building huge stocks of the then popular pattern, all made to suit the small solid rubber tyre, which was looked upon as perfect. For a time the leading manufacturers did all in their power to dissuade the public from ordering the new type of tyre, which soon proved itself so remarkably faster and more comfortable than the solid or "boot-lace " tyre. As well might Canute endeavour to keep back the waves. The pneumatic tyre had conic to stay, and had upset the calcula- tions of the greatest experts. Declared to be a fad and no improvement, it had effected as great a revolution in cycling as had the safety form of bicycle a few years before. Since its introduction, cycling has extended by leaps and bounds. The safety bicycle had opened the pastime practically to all, but the bogey of vibration still kept many aloof. The pneumatic tyre, reducing, as it did, vibration to a minimum, removed their objection. Since its advent there have been few, if any, changes in the bicycle. It has been improved in detail, but not substantially in design. Each year for the past four or five years, we have seen prac- tically the same pattern produced. The inevitable result has been to cheapen the cost of production, the necessity for constantly altering the tools and machinery, to produce the varying patterns which were necessary in the earlier days of the bicycle, being avoided. Automatic machinery has been introduced from America, and the whole tendency to-day is for bicycles to reach the great buying public at less and less cost. _ _ _

The fact that the present type of bicycle has now remained in a stationary condition for so long tempts one to the belief that it is practically as perfect as man can make it. So far as the present style is concerned, this is possibly the case. Before the bicycle can be considered a perfect motive machine, however, it must be so built that the rider is aided in the act of propulsion, and until the average man is enabled to cover a greater distance than is now possible, and with less muscular exertion, we can scarcely say that cycle invention has reached its climax. At any moment some new motive principle may upset all our existing ideas with regard to the pastime. Motor-cycling is in its earliest infancy yet.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A BULLET-PROOF' SOLDIER.

The " Scotsman " publi•-hes a letter written by Corporal Laurie,of the Seaforth Highlanders, to his sister,in which he gives an account of the battle of Atbara. "As for in% self," he remarks, "I suppose you have seen me reported as slightly wounded,and pictured me as an interested invalid. Well, I was struck,but the effect was so small that I have often been worse hurt in a football match. But during the rest of the day and for some days afterwards I have been an object of interest,and have been ques- tioned by almost every officer and man in the bat- talion, referred to as the ' bullet-proof man, and asked if I would mind letting a section fire a few rounds at me to see if they could do ma any harm. The fact is that I got most of the corners of my thothibg shot off, while personally I was uninjured. Before I entered the zareba I was not struck, but shortly afterwards a bullet took of the toe of my left shoe without hitting my foot, the shoe being a size too big,for easy marching and sleeping at night. They my bayonet was struck and bent ever at a right angle. Then a shot went through my sleeve, near my lett wrist tearing two holes but not hurting myself. Then my rifle was struck while I was load- ing, the bullet splintering the butt and being stopped by on irod bolt which it met. This bullet would certainly have gone right into my body but for my rill being there. Then a nigger ma trench let drive at me with a spear, missed my ribs by an inch, and slit up my haversack. A bullet then grazed the back of my hand, just enough to make it bleed. When I reached the river bank, which was nearly perpennicular, a shot came up from the bottom, abcut twenty feet below, and a little to the leftl which caused the wound I am supposed to have got and was so curious that I was paraded before the general. It entered through the lid of my right ammunition pouch, which was open, went into my right coat pocket, smashing a penknife and two pencils, tore four holes in my shirt, made a surface wound two or three inches long on my left breast, and came out near my left shoulder through my coat and ammuni I ion pouch braces. In the afternoon strolled over to the field hospital and got a piece of dressing on, and it has never troubled me at all ; in i fact t was a farce to put it in as a wound, and was done without my knowledge by the colour sergeant. So you see I've really been, as I'm told by every- body, wonderfully lucky in getting off as I have done, while other poor chaps were given no chances."

5* * * AK 30E * * * * * The * * HOUSE OF COMMONS * committee have voted that * *'BROOKE BONDS' TEA ,a,.. AP` is T * BRITAIN'S BEST.' * Aye. The M. Ps . the chosen of The Peopla * * have chosen Brooke. Bonds' Tea before all others for daily use in their Honourable *House. Thus, the elected Representatives * of the Nation have ratified the opinion of the Allt 2,000,000, * * Yes two million people, who have been * * dreg Br. B;oboeksee. zrßf,,ot7 'Bi ': i t irseha Pacts every prdoavye * Indeed Mu •

* 'BROOKE, BONDS TEA * 141 is BRITAIN'S BEST.'• * Sold by nearly I* 30,000 itGENT!„

* 10d.3 1/4, VS, 2/-, & 2/8 * ALB. * *

_ - liii BROOKE, BOND & Co., Ltd. * TEL HEFICHA'INS * TIE APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE; Tirg LAN"qtrillE Tiu WA.RERousEs : 31K * 17, PICCADILLY. LED 12 Rz 14 LONG MILLGATE, MkNCRESTER. liir

===== 0002601_18980610_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_18980610_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18980610_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
; r, •

1 . 1 •

I

I

:

111 , In-, ',..„ 4,..,1., . 3,,i-A- -1:1.4.':7;i

' •

,q , • -4r. ,

•.

II

===== 0002601_18980610_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
, s*l

Ebt 44 eramtnrr " Annts

Of LA—NOI.9IIIIC AND CIIITSIIIIIIt COUNTINEWSPTYABD: Coln prises _ . _

Warritigton and iiid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- " Ushed every Saturday morning. TEarlestawn and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday nfternoon. _ _

THE Buncorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning. and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning

L'EBPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUAT/ONS WANTICD, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PAITTIULETSMIPS WANTED, AP.UITMENTS WANTED MONET WANTED, SP/MIMIC ARTICLES POE SASE ET PRITATS Corrawr MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

Horns AIM °VIER PREMISES TO BE LET OR 1301.. P. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. ;18 Os 6d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 36 45 64 above charges are for PREPATICEVT only No Advertise Iment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BamtOW iptrbantg, &t.

. --- WANTHD. a rood GRATIRAL, for a small family.— Apply 4, PILNCZ EDWEN-,.T.. Liverpool.

NTSG, General ARVANT at once; no cooking dr washing.-30. RIDING-STRUM Southport.

lITANTED General SERVANT, aged 18 to 25.—Apply Mrs. GELLING, Eltnnhead Farm, button, St. Helens.

'WANTED. a good GENAAAL for kitchen and to assist in Y the bar.—Address: ODDFELLOWS ARILS, Barlestown.

WANTED, plain COOK. about 30 for country. Apply stating wage required—Mrs. WJLEION. Eitobbill, Mal- vern.

WANTED, July 4th. good PLAIN COOK. help given lu kitchen cleanin{ ; ehurehwsman ; small family, five servants.—Apply by letter to Bra. ROTSIWELL, Limefield, Bury.

AvANTED, COOK GENF,RAL, wages £5; three in familY.—Mrs. POLLARD, Ral:wav-road, Leigh, near Manchester.

10aMB REGISTRY, tor SE UVANTS.—Cook GENE It AL good Generals Wanted.-48), CattExasar HILL - BOLD. Manchester.

WANTBD, good GENERAL &BRYANT ; small fanny; no washing; wnges £l6.—Apply wrening,Loursvna.g, Salisbury-road. New Brighton.

WANTED. situation as GROOM under Coachman ; ride and drive well ; height 51t. 51n., 9st. ; three years good character. F. HITGIIEGI, Netley, Crewe.

-lATANTBD, several experienced NURSES; also good GANNEAL SEIIYANTS ; for town and country.-25, UPPER JAcxsoir-irraExT. Hulrne. Manchester.

WANTSD GBLIBKAL SliktVABT, able to wash and Iron, no fainliy ; must be bonest,—Tomma NEwALL, confectioner, Manchester-road, Breadheath, Aftrineham.

WANTED. god COOK-GENERAL; two In family; housemaid kept ; highest references required.— Address Mrs. BRoWN, Mansard Rouse, Fulwood, Preston.

WANTED, EXPERIENCED. TRUSTWORTHY. GENE- RAL; June 18.Fandly four. Must have good reference. 3:20 wag.a Address—Hrs. GRUNDY, Springfield, Heywood, near Manchester.

WANTED, COOKS, HOUSBMAIDS and GIiNBRALS, for Southport and Manchester. No tees only on engsgement.—Apply, sire. TURNER'S REGISTRY, WRib-road. Mexbro' near Roth,rham.

coor-a3nnumb7 the end of Jt1:10 (house- maid kept); wages without washing £l4, with £l6. Apply with purcioulars, Mrs. BORAISTON, Stoneleigh, Sandown Park Wavertree, Liverpaol.

761AL8 and FEMALE NURSES INNTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Nstablished 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—" Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. 670

WANTHD„ eArly hily, by widow, ago 40, re-engage- tweet as WORKING HOURSKIIRPHR to widower or baehelor, where girl is kept or the washing goes out; good plain cook and needlewmidan; three years reference.—Addrees O. W. •• Examiner "'Office, Warrington

WANTED, GENERAL, Eaton.% plain cooking, pastry, early river ; neat appeamnce. cape, aprons. good character indispEnsible. Another Senora keot ; summer holiday given ; comfortable home ; £l2 to begin with. Apply by letter Mrs. Notatk. n, Shaw-etreet, Liverpool.

WANTED for the suborbs of Liverpool at Seaforth, really good GENERAL SERVANT for a private family, must be Protestant : age from 21 to 2s; no heavy washing ; usual liberty on Sundays and once weekly; a good comfortable home for a willing god girl; wages ss. weekly to coomence rising to 6s. in six months. with £1 bonus every 'ix months remaining in the situation ; a eonntry traine 1 girl pref-irred.—Applv by letter with Nil particulars, references, de., Ur. H. TAYLOR, $6, Old Hall-street. Liver- pool.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TEllanteb.

NiTRITIMS Wantni to whims+ circulars at home. Stamped V envelope to NurrALL, 811 ml-street. Sheffield.

Ot, POSTAGVI STV/413 ourt collocqous w 1 parch Cid. WLLLIA MN AND 0,).. Church tiotue, PAtri. croft.

AGIIINTS earo oannPv, introdnea onr Nov&ti.i9nmples and ptrtioulars 2d.—WRIGEIT •sp Go . Worms Id ItOW, Leeds. X

/I 00D HARNINGS Ikto home by ti * HAtousaN PaTENT ki KNITTING MACIIINE9.-48. UPPER, BROOK-STHERT, 2an- chaster.

AORNTS WANTHD. to push First ela.s MACRINBRY OILS. Liberal Commission—Box 31, POST OFFICE, LlVerpool.

A.Et muruts wArirrno dated 1843. or elrlier. 1332 co^ later; als) last Arctic; V. each given.—Major Tr MB', Droitwieh.

AINFORD Colliery School. Wanted—Assistant 1111 - -110 THRSS (Infants)' Article 50, Stare Salary,—Apply. Mr. GRAYSVIN kaintord Colliery. St. Helens.

TOBAMONISTs cearneucine. - See Md. Guide (259 . pages) 3d. Totweaionists' Outfitting Co..lBB,Ruston-r4.. Landon. Hairdressers fitted. listimatesfres. —Mgr. H. vitae. WARRINGTON BOOTH iLL CLUB (Rugby) WANTS GROUNDSMAN and TEAM TRAINRit ; permanent situation —Apply before June 13th ID writing. stating salary required to J. E. WIRE), 14. Arple.,street, Warrington.

Wd.NTIvD Immediately, 1911(ti1tY ei RIMEL trust; worthy PUItiONS ; ss. Daily easily earned by Either ....ex, besides Commission vielding an ever increas- ing Incomewithotit exrivassing. For initiative sample. de., (indispensable) Undoes 9d. stamps ; return (if desired) ; Citiarftsiteed by EVA NS. WATTS AND Co., (p. 114), Globe Warelionse. Lirminghans. (Ibis is Genuln. ).

===== 0002601_18980610_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
'o be Eet.

IVNRETIL—Cottages 4s. 11., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Ed. per week. 20. PkINCIY BritE6T, reduced rent ss. ES, HOYT, 21 tiTREkt rent 31. 94. 94, HOYLE S I BEET. rent 39. 94. 16, Wr LINGT oN STREKT, rent ss. 33. CATEIHRINE S [RICHT. rent 4s. 3d. DALLA'd LANE FOUNDRY with power; L. N.W. Railway biding. Apply ROBERT Loam Estate Agent, No. 1. Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

9110 LIEZ—LABGB ROOM. Lrford-street ; rent £2O Apply ASHIVS AND WOODS, Sollzitors, HOrtemarket-at., Warr ir.sigton.

rrO LET. SHOP, with LAUGH ROOM over, In Ortori-st., rent £l3. —Apply ASIITON IND WOODS, Solicitors Hone- market-street. Warrington.

MO LBT,—WARIMIL USD STABLII with rooms over. and Large yard attached; rent £.2s.—dpply Arwroa AIND WOODS, Solicitor,. liorsemarket-sLeet, Warrington. _ _

Pusmeus suitable for WORIC4fIOPS. Orford-street.--- .A p yAS EITOM AND WOOD.. SONCItOre. florsemarket-st.,

i•-iarrin;iOn

rit-MSTON.—Banellent and Veseant DVITSLLIN-G-11-011SH U— two Gardens. nenr atntion. Will be thorough!y Weal- led —H. HAnsirosmr. 41. Corpornblon-st., Xanchoter.

QHOP AND HOUSE TO LET. Rylands-street ; suitable or Millinery or Woollen Draper ; 4 bedrooms, dining room, cellar, kitchen. washbouse. yard. and mr.c.; good thoroughfare : rent £.3o.—Analy 14. CA.InO-91., Warringtoll.

GOOD 6 teciteed HOUbIIS in HeMy-street. rent 4s. 6ei - No. 63. Howlev-laue. rent 5s weekly.-Ftents reduced to 3s 33 Lora 75. Pierpoint-stref.t.- All eleaned through for good tenant -Apply, A. B. MAnsa. &state Agent, 3, holies- tr,o.steeet. Warrington. -rijuoßLio 9,LOVNLY-LADIS, WA.itRINGT-ON7TO iI . LET on lease,or Sokl.containing two pisrlaurs,two good ititehens. pantry csllars, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, we.. hot And cOlti water,washhnucse, and cree.ahoute rent £lB.- Apply on the premises

110

IMPORTANT TO LA DIE:S.

• PROFESSOR TRA. !NER'S FEMALE CORRECTIVE. CORRECTS ALL IRREGITGARITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever cathe arisiag) and relieves the distressisig symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless. and never fails to "urr alxmt the de3lred result, as testified by thousands, pr;cers. Si. and 4s. 6d. Extra strong lls. Care f y packed and sent free from observation.

A DDIUSE3fiI : -1!.I ANA G ERESS,

IN3TITUTE, 14, PRICE-5T1131w2 (NEAR ';BALLoR's 1,10,1 r), rißlipOOL.

ottls, 2bro,%oarbtng Ositabs.

View Boarding House, Thornton- LVI • admirably situated ; facing sea • full view of bay.—Tariff. on applimtion to Miss JONES.

sLE MAN.—Ballaehriek Farm Boarding ifouse,Dalby, O Glen May; quint resort, every comfort ; boatiug, laun tennis ; terms moderate.—S. QII•NE.

partnuntft, &eurnicsbeb 3110u5t.

BLACKYUOL—buperior APARTMENTS, with or without board ; terms moderate.—Mies HEALY, 2,5, Hilt. street, S.S.

FtnoistiED Cottage or APARTMENTS; three bedrooms, sitting-room, piano.—Mrs. EMMERSON, Braithwaite Keswick.

RAMSRY.—APARTHNIS, near piers and bathing ME ground ; baths, hot and cold,—Mre. TUPPEB, 35. Wate- rloo-road.

pOLVETN BAY.—Comfortable Apartments at Dingle V Mount. Upper Promenade. Inquiries promptly answered.

(ZOUTHPORT.—Mre. BRIGGS, Westfield, 31. Bith-street, 0 Public and Private APARTBISNTS ; good beds. reason- able charges.

1 LANDUE*IO.—Mrs. STEAD, Englefleld, Queen's-road _LI Craig-y-Don. Public and Private Rooms ; board if desired; sea view.

MRS. PRESTON, Lynwood House, 27, itiding-street, Eagbank-atreet. tiouthport. Homely Apartments, and good cooking.

HARROGATE.—Hibon Lodge. Park View ; select RESI- DENCH for visitors, with or without board.—E. FEDARB, Proprieoress.

DLACKPOOL. Comfortable Apartintnte, one minute from I) sea ai d Central Station ; public or private; piano. Mrs. THOMAS, 22, Hornby Rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. with or without board.— Miss liracamm 12, Alexandra-raod, Promenade. South Shore.

I3LiS.CIPOOL.—tdre. HIGSON, lielmsbore House, Cbarn- ley-road, off Coronations-street. APA.u.IMHATd ; near Central Station; good beds; piano.

HOLIDAYS IN LONDON. Comfortable Apartmen's with meals at moderate fixed rates by day or meek. Central Olean. 41, BERNARD-STREET, Russell Square

LLAND IJDNO.— MANSELL'S Boarding Establishment. Abbey-road, lovely aituation,near set and hills; superior accommodation ; every comfort; moderate terms.

00aadel.statinotmloiarttarem tientSchry rooeil?: .?iIISS MotOtnlnrßyielattwe dence, facing Sea, Aputnlents, boarding, week ends.

BLACKPOOL.—r. H. RLYNER, Alexandra House, 98, Albert-road. law.r Certral Station and Sea. Public and Private APARTAIHNTS, with or without board. Pianos.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
otoriuS, 3sllstittsses, ea.

Vali SALE, either Oatcake or Confectionery BUSINR3S. ju Apply A. HADDOCK, 20, Kqnr•street, itawtenstall.

-1111ANGAIN.—COCOA and DINING-ROOKS, situated at _LI North end, opposite Dock Oats.. Apply, 27, WAPPING. Liverpool.

M=MERL UNDERCLOTHING; immediate dis- posal ; (cause, 111-health); old eitabllsbed ; excellent connsction.-7, GREAT Cirselosic-street, Bold-street, Liverpool.

litiblitattens;.

VLONDYICH GOLDVIBLDI3.—Book of useful Information IN poet free 3d.—J. LONG, 12, Belle Vue-road, Olnderford, Glos.

'DOMES ON MARRIAGII, Love, Dreams, Spiritualism, Is. 2d. e.ch, free.—HOLLSND CO., OrenVille-buildingt, Birmingham.

jA.MRS JEftfiliOld J1iZ1113131,, alive in Immortality, by. the new birth ; leaflets ld.—Klate, 16, Foxberry road, Bryceley. London, 8.11.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damara% CERTIFICATBD MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 46. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even In long-standing obstinate eases. It cannot full, and is perfectly harmless. Do not of quacks and other Ignorant e right remedy. If you have ptreousptiein. tregyu n s never ert selli ser )eonu ts t h already doue so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and :sou will not be deceived. You will find tint It is always cheaper to come ti the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of otbers, can be seen any time. From Mrs. Chetham : Madam, will you kindly send again one battle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted splemlidly. I enclose &c."—Mrs. Bi7tllle writes ;orward by return of et a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put sae all right last oime, and I trust it will do so again:, —From Mrs. .I,letcher t " Madame. I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—Mrs. 8. writes from Sheffield ; "I am pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed. tor I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dose on SundAy, and all was right as possible Tuesday afte:noon. Everything had been as well as It was possible. Ilad i written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 In pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address."—alrs. Brims writs; "Madam. I am glad to be able to report that th.. last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall rteoromend your remedy to all my married friends. I think :t is excellent, and should Ibe in difficulty again myself, pliouNat oucs apply to you. I —From Mrs. Garsute: " I have roue' pkasure In sending ' you news of having relief the first mosni ng, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always fee...,gmteftal for your Mixture, and ill need anything Noma, ,31 send to you." Address : Mae. DAblEttAl.: Milton Cottage, lemeatitill, Loam:

EINEM

DURHLAR and fire-proot SAFE. by Hipkins; Chubb' Li dsuble locks; holdtast bands ;48x28 x 26 ; £l5. Also two smaller ones. 455 eaoh.—Edwards, 83,Victorla-st., L'pool.

_ DATCHWORK, 300 lovely new SILKS la. 4d.—Mlas MEEKZ, 5 Beacon Hill. Camden-road. London.

It ONEY SECRETS, List 2d.; one Presented -L with List.—Peoz, Newport-street, Pontefract.

LURRIES, one 11 ewt., other 13 cwt. ; price £6 and -a- £lO.—J. STOTT. (oat Dealer, 100, Lugsdale-road, Widnes.

ANDHN TEINT6, 22s 64., 395.. 54s • carriage paid. Mar- quees VariOUS.—HKATHFILLD. Lauderdale Buildings, Aldershot, London. eIYCLE OILS (lubrirating), best iquality. never corrodes, la absolute fluidity; this bd and is.; free carriage.—SlTEß. W Mon-street, Finsbury, London.

WANTED. to—Purchaee Second:hand MILNER'S. CHUBB'S'. o CHATWOOD'S SAFES. EDWARDS AND CO., 108, Whiteebapel. Liverpool:

IN BALE, LANCASHIRE HANUER WORKS at Widnes N../ with Machinery and 24.420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. HOSHINGt 16, Fenwica-street, Liverpool.

EARLESTOWN.—A good Chance owner retiring .—To be disposed of, a large double fronted shop and Dwelling House, suitable tor almost any business.—Apply J. CLARKE, iron moag' r, 15 and 17, Bridge-street, Harlestown.

THE F,XA mINVP,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FROM MONDAY, JUNE 6th,

ABSOLUTE BARGAINS.

ALL GOODS REDUCED IN PRICE FROM 15 TO 35 PER CENT. FOR CASH ONLY.

*alt 2VrtEulte Ereatp

VISITING CARDS, 50 10d ; 100 le sd.—limas, 14, W en- Y look-street, Iloaton, 1 oudon.

BOTTOM PRICBS. 100 Memos, Bit!heads, Business Cards, is. 2d. free.—liEw. Victoria Printing Works, Scar- borough.

L 100 —"HOW I MARE EEO YEARLY. certain,from . 25 Hens kept in confinenient."Hundreds doing it ;pamphlut Is Id.—Rooens. Prosp,et Piace, Bath.

AKH your own MEDICINE. Mixtures. Pills, Balsams, 1 Ointments, Li,ornent, Tinctures. Eitztrs. Valuable Recipe b ask 7d.frec—WALTEus.7o Kenneth-,t.,ltothtrham.x

TILL SATURDAY, JULY 2nd.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
epttcs;

------- OYCLES.—S4veraI Show Boom and other Soiled Ladies and Gents' CYCLES. also TANDEMS ; Bargains ; post- card.—ROYALTY CYCLE Woxxs,Aleester-road,Birmingharn. x

EADE'S rILLS. VMS'S pILLs. Ail who suffer from Gout or EADE'S Rheumatism should immediately pILLS. have reaourse to BADE'S PILLS. EADR'S plus, been received from all sorts and Hundreds of Testimonials have conditions of men testifying to EADB's Plus. 'the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief In the Tar EADE'S pmts. worst cases. These Pills are purely their action. vegetable and perfeetly safe it]

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OP GOUT, UttRUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its elaes. OUT " 18,Burton-creseent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HE TI MATisx "Dear Sir,—lt is with untoounded 1 1, pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had TISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMATISM The next spring I had another avack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented R MATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 Pills _

and I have been all again RHHUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT Mu WITHOUT ("_OUT THEM IF THEY COST 1,...^

°NB POUND A BOTTLB. HE UM ATISM y,Yloiutare ouiotue ;titk!lobr this, k to e his andl GOUT 'ball be pleased R. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM nab (enclosing stamped address). Wog you every success. Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." RADII'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, lu Bottles, Is. 10. and Is. 9.1. or sent poet free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE RADII. 72, GOBWELL-ROAD. H.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain NADE'd GOUT AND ADIEU- MATIO PILLS. EADZ PILLS

ISM

?JD 01/MM.

Ogg, Voultrp, Scr,

PITTS'S, LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Just past Station, through Railway Arch. THE LA.ROEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE KINGDOM. Electric Light Throughout, Passenger Lifts to all Floors. " In the spring time a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love," and having fortunately obtained his financee s consent to marriage, the important question, ••Where shall we e nrnish P" presents itself. Both the young !people have been very forcibly impressed by the magnificent di • play in Pitta's colossal showrooms, together with the genuii,e ring In Pitts's /Owe; tisernents and the uniform good reputation Pitts's bear, but before definitely deciding they v•ry wisely conclude to refer the matter to their parents' superb ° judgment and experience. Upon broaching the subject the unhesitating reply is " Certainty, Furnish at Pitts's, like we did nearly thirty years ago. Yoia see the goods are little worse for wear after all the's, years. Pitts's occupy the uncommon position oi having often furnislied three consecutive generations, parents, children, and grandcuildren, and you cannot possibly do better than place the order with that old-established firm. Result—another home made bright and comfortable at Lttle cost by Pitts's, to the mutual satisfaction of all concerned. PITT6'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 151 guineas, worth £35 ; includes a splendid serviceable suite in leather, dining table. tender and brasses complete, capital Brussels carpet, with hearthrug to match, window fittings, Ac. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong table with heavy white top, nine yards of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug, fender and Irons complete. Bedroom has all requisite articles ; massive bedsteads, mattresses, bed, b.:,hter, and two pillows (guaranteed new and clean), carpet. toilet ware, 303. all complete and full size. Other houses of furniture at 22i, 28k, 381, 50, 103, up to 1.000 guineas. Each honestly Worth d dble the price asked. Full particulate, testimonials, and press opinions on applicatoln. Cash prices quoted. Deferred (layment by arrangement. PITTS'S —IiNTIRM CONTENTS OF- SEVEN-RuOMED HOUSE, origina ly cost £l3O, for 75 guineas. The dining room is in morocco leather, the drawing-room is in rosewood, a spare room upstairs fitted as a smokeroom is in saddlebags. Furniture complete for kitchen, hall, stairs, landing, cellars, Ac. The first bedroom is In American Walnut, Including wardrobe, dressing table, washstand, chairs, Ac. bedsteads, bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet ser- vice. The second bedroom is similarly furbished, but in ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany. Undoubtedly the I greatest bargain ever offered. DITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DINING-ROOM SUITE handsomest in Manchester, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed). email Chairs, padded backs ; Magnificent S Ideboard, fitted with bevelled glasses throughout. Brackets, Shelves, Cupboards, Cellarettes, &e. ; Extending Table, with patent screw ; Overmantel. Carpet, Brass fender, and Brasses ; originally cost £130; Pitt's price 62 guineas. Prawing-room Suite, Chippendale style, solid rosewood. beautifully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), and covered in rich Cit-noa velvet ; Magnificent Cabinet and Overmantel, Occasional. Wine, and Card Tables, all Inlaid to match ; Car- pet, Hug, Bradt Fender and Brasses, Clock and Ornaments, compi te; cost £175; Pitts's price 60 guineas. Bedroom Suite solid throughout, consists of a very large Wardrobe, with bevelled Kiwis doors, drawers, cupboards, Ac ; Pair of large 'toilet DOD:es, fitted with every convenience ; Pedestal Towel nail, and Chairs complete ; a superb Suite ; originally cost £BO • eitts's price 35 guineas. Other bargains on view, equally gocd value.

ITTS'S CARPRT AND FLOOR COVERINGS.—Ai jt. British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. Ar, founding nine. Eirandest display ever seen. Nothing I similar elsewhere. I.3ITTS'S Piano End of Season Sale.—Entire Stock by Collard, Emil, Kirkman, te,; must be cleared out totally, irrespective of what they may fetch, now is your ehmee to save thirty to forty per cent. ;cash or deferred. DiTld's have scoured the entire Cycle Market, in order to obtin the Best Machines for the Least Money, and they are now showing them in their windows ; splendid selec- tion, dozen different makes ; light, attractive, easy running up-to-date ; year'd guarantee ; exceptionally low prices, :Ash or de(errim.

VMS'S BASSINETTES. Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen Ware.—MagnifiLent Selection in show Windows. Pleasure to see it.

Plfs FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Te Every da.criptioa of Bookcases. Secretaries, Desks. .-tools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses at abcut half city prices, SA kIILTHL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station), Manchester. Ardwlck, Longslght, and Belle Yap Cars pus tile door.

EiMIMIIII

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES.

MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS.

STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE BELFAST HOUSE.

JOIN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- Ho generally that they are showing in their RIM BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHENTINGS,IPILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at 130 NA-FIDE 'MANUFACTURERS' PRICES _

ALL ARE INVITED to CkLL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, DOWNSIIIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63. NEW STREET, BIRMINGULAY. HIRRYTILLZ FACTORY, BALMER/IL

===== 0002601_18980610_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
I

sailor

IT should not be hastily concluded The coal from the circumstances that that Strike. conference betweer the representa- tives of the mine owners and the men at Cardiff on Saturday came to an inconclusive termination, a serious deadlock prevailed in :the negotiations. 1 The Cardiff meeting was but the "first round" 4 in what may necessarily prove to be a prolonged , trial of tactical skill. The representative of tke: owners told the colliers' delegates that the tea , per cent. advance could not possibly be conceded, but that the owners were prepared to give an joy mediate advance of 3.16 per cent, above the wag° Paid during last March; This is not what had been expected, but it was better than nothing as an offer, and, since the miners and their dependaot!! have been suffering severe hardships during thell: period of enforced ioleness, it might }- ultimatum of the owners were noI rejected. The men had an opi

well

tho

_ too b:8011 ity of os-

pertulai

ib- I '1

........•••••••4

Lblishel

Friday'

turd al

eke. Od Od. Od. 04. Od. dVertiee

queso atten- Navy an s cantile ybodyt of the source naval d look of sea-

melon al me' Lt the sh flag Lr the deter- ion Of igners ,nteninglY ng st Aar s trt ad ill whole

°.°nalnend ti)o.

It vw,

bidering the offer at another meeting at Cardiff

on Tuesday, at which a full account of the pre- vious proceedings was submitted, but no point of agreement seems to have presented itself. So that the owners are again to be approached with the same terms as those already considered, and it is expected the meeting will be held to-day. At Tuesday's meeting the proposal to take a ballot of the miners with regard to having a sliding scale, as suggested by the owners, was rejected. The men's proposition was in two parts. The arst demanded an immediate advance of 10 per rent, and the second suggested .the creation of a ooneiliation board consisting of represen- tatives of capital and labour, "an arbi- trator to be mutually agreed upon to decide in the event of the respective represen- tatives failing to agree." It is certain that the meis made this proposition in all good faith, and soPposed it to be fair, but in industries such as ?°4-naining, where hundreds of men are engaged In one mine and an advance of a shilling or two a Week to each man involves a vast annual outlay, may not be unreasonable for those colliery pro- Prietors who are already forced to be content with small percentage on their capital expenditure to be very averse to placing it in the power of an ar- bitrator, however fair-minded he may be, to de- termine that they shall carry on their works at a rate that is unremunerative. The only safe rule 13/1 which such an arbitrator as the men propose could act would be to follow the selling price of oral, and to give his decision in accordance with that price at the time the dispute was referred to That is to say, Ile would have to set up a eliding scale in order to give his decisions; and sauce this is so, the question arises whether it would not be better for both parties that a new Sliding scale should be definitely recognised. The delegates who assembled on Tuesday appear to be absolutely opposed to such a plan, and if the men themselves are so, it becomes clear that in seine Other way wages will have to be governed by Prices, and there is no escape from such a conclu- sion. If the rate of wages is not governed auto- matically by the price of coal, then it will have to be settled from time to time by the acceptance or refusal of the demands made by one side or the Other, according as trade is slack or the reverse. Whether a sliding scale be formally recognised or in such as this there has to be a sliding scale. tIJ ie discussing economic questions to 01k, of what ought to happen ;it is impossible to .inske the facts square with theories. Wisdom lies ln knowing and recognising what does happen, and 1U making the best of well ascertained condi- tions.

' A, strange death occurred in a swirnmink b stl at Cheltenham last week, which should be Warning to bath keepers all over the country. ;lie victim of the fatality was a lad of ae, who was disporting himself in the Corporation baths, and in the course of his gaiabols he dropped from a swinging trapeze and disappeared. Toe mystery was soon Solved, and a terrible solution it was. The boys Companions found that the valve in the bottom of the bath for emptying purposes had been opened, and the suction of the outflowing water had drawn the boy so far in,that only his head and one ar. in were visible above the mouth of the pipe. The inquest resulted in the caretaker being censured, as the valve had been opened an hour before the advertised time for closing tho bath. In connec- tion with this sad affair we recollect on one occa- sion som3 time ago being in the Warrington C,)r- Poration plunge bath when the plug, or whatever contrivance was in use, had been removed, and Mr) Water was then pouring out.ln its egress it exerted ti suction force which one might easily imagine to he sufficient to overwhelm a youth whose swimming Powers were not very great. At the time there was only some four feet of water in the bath,which lessened what might have been a very serious danger. Seeing what a sad result has followed a little unusual haste in empting the bath at Cheltenham, it behoves all bathkeepers to be ex- teedingly cautious in opening the egress valve, which may become such a real and imminent danger to 'bathers. -- Again, the proceedings at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council have been devoid °f that kilocorum which should, indisputably, be ”sociated with them. Those active and occasion- ally peace-disturbing little bodies which came into existence with the passing of the Parish Councils Act, have .established a title to "liveliness" now generally admitted, but it is expected that the aasembliesof such august bodies as Town Councils Will conduct their deliberations with some res- .act for dignity and propriety. Among the ,Ararringtou municipal legislators there are one or two turbulent spirits which will be heard ito matter rhetherthot the time i 3 suitable or not, and it takes a im_aim harsh—hand to keep them within o knncis' And within bounds they would not be e then °n Tuesday evening. First one speaker and son of se anotheruntaedmtloy appeal to the chair for a sup- Preninterruptions, but all to no Purpose The The proceedings in consequence were nusually prolonged, but were nevertheless pro- of not a little amusement for the disinter- tsted and n tii-partizan spectator.

A. tribute to the late Mr. Gladstone, and one or 'WO matters of comparative insignificance were Passed with unanimity, but when the minutes of tile Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee came • for discussion there was some warm debate. 4- hat tablet to be placed "in toe bath," to which we made allusion last week, was the cause of the c'llimotion. Though such a watery subject it 17.4. S quite ineffectual in lessening the fiery ardour ith which some of the speakers "plunged" into it. • clennan Roberts moved an amendment to throw the proposed tablet,urging the additional and erY good reason that such a thing might be abed to a ridiculous extreme, as had been illus- ,tritted in other towns. Upon this Councillor 'lltiethurst rose and waxed wroth at the criticism _ef the proposal. A point which seemed to gall the 7,orthy mincillor was that advanced by us— the Committee was in want of something to and from the heated manner in which he re- Iv,tidlated the suggestion one was reminded— Cillinglv perhaps—of the adage anent the cap „11,g• Finally the question was put to the vote, .., 1 Z.:;:` by the narrow majority of 15 votes to 11, the vr,4133,,_ ell decided that the tablet was a necessity, o the Mayors alluded to deserved to have their 4,-„triee, handed down to posterity, and that it 'AN:44d be placed "in the bath," as per resolution. the still think that the Baths' Committee and e Council have found-ed a "Uare's" nest all the satrie.

s3ce of the smaller matters, but bearing same (!gla„ ificance was disclosed in the speech of Conn- F. \V. Monks when explaining the new im- forovements in the mechanical apparatus at Long- It was a " dryer" subject than usual, 4nd at the close of his speech Councillor Monks ...,41C1 that there was going to be another cessation rkexious vapours escaping from the works, and ,‘I the future there would be no possibility of the Zetructor giving rise to a nuisance in the immedi- tt:noighbourbood. Welcome intelligence, no libt, but there may he some scepticism when tons announcements of this character are 13eollected.

r6,111e longest discussion of was devoted to the alf: °lllztecclation of the Rivers' Committee to I.w the ship Canal Company to fill up the old er, bed iu lieu of constructing a culvert and pen- fl the dam at Arpley. Eventually the re- ‘tion was adopted, and we think, wisely shown by the chairman of the Rivers that the penstock, if constructed, operative for the purpose for which it

1.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
i ....„,, ,;„.... ..„...,,,,....,...,,..,, ~ii.,.. ,:...,. ~.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
milor

'erred bet' EEN'S

spirit as to 'rid if

3re Is vould

as by Tice, ;hip 3n to

'mire ikely or and hem. most con- are , is r ex- who • of

aow- 9fore the ; the PPIY here

n a ndi- Itter not itu- ited and Lrge no not tato ten- men

led ;hat

ata- rdiff

ion)

ms. god the ten fed, Ira- geS Bea an nts

lair

-arniite-e— -'uld be in,

_____iiiiiiii...._ ;,.....r ir .„ „.•

===== 0002601_18980610_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
was originally intended, that the old river bed was a nuisance and injurious to health, and that the possibility of it being available in the construction of docks was so remote, as not to be worthy of consideration. On the other hand it was a cour- teous way of meeting the Ship Canal Company, far preferable to bleeding them, and he had hopes of gaining the Company's consent to Warrington tradersentering or leaving the canal at any point between Warrington and Eastham. Such is the sum total of Alderman Roberts' lucid arguments in support of the recommendation. The only out- and-out opponent ef it was Councillor Bennett, who discoursed at great length on what might be, chiefly arguing that the river bed would be of use for dockage accommodation, and severely rating the Corporation for letting things slide and failing to take advantage of the Ship Canal's proximity. There is yet, we fear, too much of the " dreamer " about Councillor Bennett—he looks too far in the future. It would be the height of folly to leave the river bed in its present open state on the very intangible ground that it might be available for the construction of docks. There is not the least probability that there will even be the need for docks for some years to come, and to adopt such a conrse would not only be an injustice to the residents on its banks but a piece of folly which might have grave and far- reaching effects on the health of the town. More- over, should the docks come to be constructed here,which is not the present plan,the river course could easily be dredged out again at compara- tively small cost. Councillor Tinnion appeared to think the Corporatio9 were letting the Canal Company off too easily,and urged that something more should be got from them if they were re- lieved of their obligation to construct a penstock. The privilege ot entering or leaving the Canal at any point between. N'k, arrington and Eastham would probably satisty .Councillor Tinnion's ac- quisitiveness. A. reduction of the tolls would be a boon almost too much to hope for, and might increase the usefulness of the lay-by, which was stated to be boycotted because of the excessive dues. There were only three dissentients from the resolution,in carrying which the Council have taken a big step towards doing away with a nuis- ance which the Medical Officer has condemned in the strongest terms.

Tha amount of alcohol in many so-called teeto- tal drinks has been the subject of much comment during the past twelve months. Fresh evidences of the heady and alcoholic nature of these popular drinks are almost daily adduced in the Police Courts up and down the country. Morally inno- cent shopkeepers find themselves victimised by the pernicious character of beverages they retail in the belief that they are non-alcoholic. A wide- awake inspector comes in with the utmost friend- liness, purchases a bottle of herb beer, hop ale, or some such liquid delicacy designed for the teetotal palate,and departs. Shortly after the seller of the liquor receives a summons based on the ille- gality of its containing more than 2 per cent.proof spirit and is mulcted in some more or less ade- quate penalty. It is surprising what a quan. - tity of alcohol is occasionally found in these deceitful decoctions. Why I there are many varieties of mild beer, sold as such, con- taining a less percentage of the spirit which the teetotaler so greatly abhors. A recent case at Scarborough disclosed analyses of hop ale contain- ing 2.3 per cent of proof spirit; hop bitters 4.9 per cent; and hop stout 6 per cent. Really it is wrong, very wrong,that the staunch blue-ribbonite should be laid open to the risk of infringing those prin- ciples which he has so arduously maintained for may-be a lifetime. After all, water seems to be the o_.ly species of liquid refreshment which is safe from toe odium of reproach on one ground or another.

It seems impossible for Voluntary School Managers, in Warrington at least, to agree about anything. The latest fiasco is in reference to the school holidays. A few weeks ago it was decided at a meeting of managers and teachers called by the School Attendance Committee that the sum- mer holidays for the elementary day school scholars should commence on July 15th and thus extend over August Bank Holiday week. Another proposal has since been brought forward by the Rector for the schools to close on the day preced- ing Walking Day and to re-open on the Tuesday, following August Bank Holiday. If this course is adopted most scholars will practically have a si x weeks holiday for it is only reasonable to expect that many children will not attend regularly dur- ing the. "breaking up" week when school will only be open until Thursday, and it is still less probable that they will promptly return to school after so universal a holiday as Bank Holiday. It was to prevent this falling off in theattendance and consequent loss to the schools, and also to save the extra labour thrown upon the School Attendance officers, that the arrangement was made to com- mence the holidays on July 15th. Whether man- agers of other schools will accept the suggestion of the Rector or remain faithful to their own arrangement remains to be seen. The Catholic schools, we have reason to believe, intend to be included amongst the faithful.

Our local " defenders" are to be congratulated upon the plucky way with which they have stuck to their duty at the encampment last week. The inconveniences and hardships they endured dur- ing the early part of the week, due to the March- like gales and rains which were experienced, were sufficient to try well-seasoned soldiers, inured to camp life and with the incentive of actual warfare. The failure or success of an encampment largely depends upon the weather, but despite the un- favourable conditions from Sunday until Thurs- day morning a good week's training has been put in. The health of the men has been very satisfac- tory on the whole, and it is to be hoped that they will not suffer on their return, from any afte6 effects of "roughing it" at Rhyl. Rarely has i been their lot before to be subjected to so much damp with so little effective shelter. The tents have not been as waterproof as they might have been, but as they are supplied by the War Depart- ment, the local officers cannot be blamed. Every effort was made on their part to make the men comfortable, and if they were not entirely success- ful in this direction it must be put down to the tremendous odds against them.

A " living wage," the only remuneration for la- bour which can be at all fair and adequate does not appear to be paid even by the Governtnent, which can surely afford to give its employees a reasonable weekly pay. '4 The tale comes from Portsmouth that in connection with the telegraph service there, the Department has just taken on two female and one male employee;in view of the extra pressure during the summer months. Their I"salaries" are 14s. and 16s. per week, respectively, and they do the work of operators. We do not know the exact qualifications which a person must have to undertake this work, but we are sure that 16s. a week is very poor remuneration for it. One of the girls who has secured this "good thing" at 14s. weekly, had exceeding Igreat difficulty in finding lodgings, and ultimately when an abode was secured she had to pay exactly 'the same sum per week as she received from the Department as "salary." What she will do to secure any little luxury—nay necessity—in the shape of clothes, washing, or extra food, is a problem which cannot be solved on 14s. a week. It is a matter for great regret that competition is so keen as to compel people to work at such star- vation wags, and nothing short of a scandal that the Government will take advantage of this hardness of the times in the way it seems to be doing. JOHN WALKER AND Gat

DNDERTA PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINIING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRIN I ING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRIN fING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRIMING FOR CHURCHES, "E.XA.NIINEW OFFIC'E

===== 0002601_18980610_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RtIN:JORN AND W LDNES.

ST. LIME'S SUNDAY SCHOOL P.S.A.

Sunday a delightful afternoon was spent in the St. Luke's schoolroom, Pennington Road, at the meeting of the P.S. A. The chair was taken by Mr. T. Leach, Church street, and the speaker was Mr. J. Morefield. Solos were contributed by Miss Rogers, Miss Kenyon and Mr. narrison, and a recitation by Mr. T. Riley. The attendance was very good and considerable interest was evinced in the proceedings.

ALLEGED ROBRERY FROM A FLAT AT WIDNES. On Monday at Widnes Police Court, before Alderman Sadler, Lawrence 131w1ess, Patrick Synnott, and James Ryan, boys, were charged with feloniously breaking and entering the flat John and Sarah, at Widnes, and steal- ing a pair of sea boots, value its belonging to the mate, James Smith. Tnev were eLmmitted to the Liverpool County lutermediate Sensions. •-•-

STEALING HIS BROTHER'S WATCH. At Widnes Police Court, on Monday, Edward Ford, of 8, Harris9n-street, Dam], was charged with stealing a silver lever water!, VARItI £2 155., the property of his brother, James Ford. Prosecutor said he missed the watch on Thursday eight. He visited the Albion Hotel, Widnes, on Saturday, in company witn sergeant Rat- cliff... Prisoner was there, and the watch was found in his possession. It Yitt:i stated that Ford had also taken a watch helungieg to ois fai,lier,who declined to prosecute. Prisoner said he wss Ui chink at the time. He was sent to jail tarn month. POLICE CASES.

On Tuesday before ‘‘lessrs. F. J. N-irman and W. Timmins, Emma Glover, an older offender was brought up charged with being drunk and disorderl7 in Church- street on the previous afternoon, and fitted 104 and 53 41 costs or 14 flays in deiault.—Tuornas Ifelsby. Stone- street, charged in custody on warrant with using ob- scene cud profano language on the Mil of May was fined 53 and 153 81 or 14 days ia default. WIDNES CASES AT LIVERP)OL QUARTER, SESSIONS. At these sessions on Tuesday Hobert Stanley, 24 labourer, was seat to prison tor three months for having at Widnes, on or ab out the 28th ult., broken into the cabin of tne flat Effie, then lying in the St. Helens and Sankey Canal, and stolen various articles of clothing be- longing to James Clarke.—Lawrence Bowles and Patrick Sinnett,young men, pleaded guilty to having, at Widnes stolen a pair of boots from a fiat. Bowles was sent to prison for a month), and Sinnett for a fortnight. BETHESDA P.S.A.A., RUNCORN. The third bi-monthly open Smaday of this brotherhood was held on Sunday afternoon. Tne Rev. J. Osborne, B. occupied the chair. Mr. J. R. Frith was the speaker for the afternoon, and delivered a capital address. The soloists were Miss Clara Taylor who sang " When 1 survey the wondrous Cross,'' in fine style and with much sympathetic feeling, and Mr. Reg. Johnson who gave a good rendering of Jude's" Behold !stand at the door." Mr. G. S. Frith presided at the organ, and the whole service was greatly appreciated by a large aulieace. _

BETHESDA BAND OF HOPE RUNCORN..

BANQUET.

ARPLEY NEW LOAD.

THE COUNCIL OF THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANY. _ _

THE EX AAI INIT. FRIDAY, JUNE 10 18.

_ The concluding meeting for the Sevion of this Society was held on Wednesday night,. and consisted of a free tea, to all members, prizli to the number of 20, useful books, were distilbated to those who had not missed a meeting, and the evening concluded with a most enj3y- able magic lantern entertainment. •

BRUNNER, MOND, AND Co.—A "SILVER ANNIVERSARY"

On Tuesday, at Winulng-Zo-u- Old Hall, Northwich, ia commemoration of the rwenty-fifth anniversary of the establishment of Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co., the directors gave a complimentary banquet to Sir John Bruuner, M.P., and Dr. Ludwig Mono. Nearly all the directors and staff were present, and the funaion was brilliant. Mr. John Crosfield presided. Mr. Ernest Solvady, found,,r of the ronewned chemical process. specially journeyed from Brussels to attend, and pro- posed success to the firm. Sir John Brunner and Or. Moad gave an interesting retrospect.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Mr. Joseph Knowles presided over the meeting of thi Council held at the Dutton Workhouse, on TusPsdayl There were also present :—Admiral Jones Parry, JP.,: Messrs. T. Lewis, P. Gleave, J. Spruce, G. Pilling, A. Greenway, W. Effisrm, P. Leather, E. Clarke, C. E. Lin- aker, J. Stokes, T. Wright, J. M. 'Williams, J. Bolshaw, W. Out wise, E.Bratherton, J. Mclntyre, W. Brad ford,J. W.Baguley, T. Baic'er,C.O., SE Chadwick, Edwards,and D Arlington, with Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk) ; Mesars.Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), Mr. J. Farrington (nuisance inspector),Dr.Adams (medi- cal officer.)

A reply received from Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to tho County Council, relative to the improvement of the above road,stated that the work was in hand and be- ing commenced forthwith.

Some correspondence was read relating to the light- ing of the Latchford locks, and after considerah:e dis- cussion it was decidA to move no further in the mstter as the Council felt that thy could not prove the liabi!- ity of the Ship Canll Company, in the matter, and a lengthy law suit would be an unwarranted expense.— The matter was left in aneyance. PRESTON 0.-Ur-HILL PARISH AFFAIRS.

The Clerk read a letter from the Clerk of the Preston- eLth.-Fldl l'Erish Council, with regard to Sandy-lane footpath, in which he stated that the Parish C )uncil ex- pressed great surprise that they should be asked to ,L) the work of another authority as in their judgment the Highway Board took over toe custody of use fo.itp %th, when by order of the said Bard's surveror certain repairs were done to the footpath in 1339. This was ail opinion they would bold until riled otherwise by some legal authority, and further as the Parish Council Act was not binding but permissive in its application they could not hold themselves liable to do the needful repairs. They had the evidence of two of the oldest inhabitant. (one 83 years of age) who stated that the road had bee, an open one and used by tenants of the Norton Estate. Mr. Spruce said h s took the action of the Parish Coun- cil as an reflection upon the Clerk, and proposed that the matter be delegated to a coin inittee consisting, of the Chairman,Vice-Chairman, Mr. Williams Mr. Baxter and Mr. Wright.—ThiS was agreed to. HIGHWAY COMMITTER.

Mr. Baxter said he had to report that the committee had gone over the suggested improvements for Froisham and Stockham,with regard to Frodsharn they c moldered them necessary and recommended the expenditure of £4OO as asked for by Mr. Diggle. At Stockham, how- ever,he considered that the first thing to be done there was to try and get Sir Richard Brooke or his tenanto to abate the nuisance that existed there on the side of the road. There were some improvements also required at Halton,and if thsy could secure the necessary land a great improvement might be made in a short length joining the two principal roads there. He had pleasure in proposing that the recommendation be adopted.— This was seconded and unanimously agreed to. THE LIGHTING OF WALTON INFERIOR. Mr. Edwards said he was authorised to move the reso- lution standing in the name of Mr. John Weir, "to re- :mind a resolution to light Walton Inferior with street lamps." Be proceeded to explain that the matter arose out of a report that the Council were going to light Wal- ton Inferior with 30 street lamps, an•t Mr. Weir admitted the necessity of some lamp% 30 was considered far too many.—Mr. Stokeo at this poir.t remarked that it would be far brt:er if the matter was left until Mr. Weir could he present tiiin,el?. He objected to the system of moving things by proxy.—Finthy the matter was adjourned until Mr. Weir could be present. AN HONOUR FOR PUBLIC SEit.ICES. The Seal of the Council was Aflied t, a petition to the Duke of Westminster, praying that Mr. John mciutvro, Belmont, Great Bud worth, be placed upon tho Commis- sion of the Peace for the Coonty of Chester. TENDERS FOR MACADAM. The tenders for the supply of macadam for the roads in the district of the Council were considered, and those of Messrs. Brundrit and Co., and MPSsIrS. Darbyshire and Co., of pennagninawr. were accepted. DEFERRED.

The Clerk's report -on the atleged encroachment at Norley ; and Mr. Woodward's question regarding the correctness of the statement with regard to the use of picked stones in Budworth District, were deferred to the neat rneeting.—Thi.4 concluded the bugness.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEYAN CYCLE CLUB.

Wednesday's run was well attended, being in charge, of 61r. B. Gook, (captain). The day was deligLafuliy fine, and the roads for the most part in capital condi- don for wheeling, though the pace was regulated to a great extent by the exceptionally warm weather, the distance was covered in coinfortable time. Abbey Aims was the destination, and on arriving there a capital t?a, was partaken of at Delamere station.after which a :herr, ramble was enjoyed. Fhe return journey was mourn- plished in the cool of the evening, and Runcorn reached about 8.30, On Saturday the members will assemble at the rendevous, Brunswick SMoel, under Mr. D. Cw:en- try, for a run tn Lymm, and if the weather continues to hold out, there will doubtless be a large attendance.

NARROW EECAPE FROM DROWNING AT RUNCORN. On Saturday afternoon a boy named Sherlock nar- rowly escaped drowning at the clay pit off Norman-road. It transpires that the little fellow was playing on the bank at the side of the water when he accidentally over- balanced himself and fell into the pit. The water was rather deep at this particular spot, and seeing the dan- ger he was in, a playmate went in search of his father, who, happily, was in the vicinity at the time, and arrived on tee scene just as his son W 49 going down. He rushed into the water and brought the little fellow ashore. Be was then taken home, where he remained unconscious for some time, but eventually recovered from the effects of immersion. TELE GarrEsoum SPECTACLE AT RUNCORN—THE BODY

IDENTIFIED. Oa Saturday morning last the body of the young man found in the Top Locks basin was identified as that of John Thomas Mather, butcher, of Flixton, Manchester, son of a cotten dealer of the same address. He was last seen at home on Friday the 27th of May. Tnere is no cause to indicate how the deceesed became drowned and although his watch and chain have been missed, it is undoubtedly due to the fact that the remains of the young fellow were horribly mutilated and turned about by the propellers of passing tugs.—Mr. J. E. Worsley held an inquest on Friday when evidence was given by Fred Crompton, 20 Vine-street, and P.C. Gregory of the way in which the body was recovered.—A verdict of " found drowned" was returned. THE A SSAIILT ON A WOMAN.

Before Messrs. John Ockleston,and Walter Timmins,last Friday morning, William Whittle was again brought up when the charge was reduced to one of common assault. Maria Wilde, the complainant, said on Saturday night she was on the way home, about nine o'clock, on the towpath, when the prisoner assaulted her and coin. mitted the offence alleged.—A number of witnesses were examined and gave evidence of the assault. The woman was bleeding and in a bad way.--Sergeant Lee also gave evidence. The woman was bleeding and her clotbiug was disarranged. See complained of what the man had done. Both the complainant and defendan: were in drink---Frisoner said he did assault the woman but had clmmitte I no criminal offence ; it was simply a com- mon assault ; for which he was sorry and would not do anything of the kind again.--The Bench : We:will not have this kind of thing carried on, the charge has been reduced but you will be sentenced to six months' im- prisonment, with hard labour. A MONTI/ FOR AN IMPUDENT BEGGAR.

John Reid, a respectably-attired man, describing him- self as a clerk out of employment, was charged at Widnes on Monday with begging on Saturday, William Horner,a resident in Deacon-road, said that the prisoner called at his house on Saturday, and after boldly walk. log past the servant into the parlour asked witness for assistance, at the same time spinsing a pitiful yarn of poverty. Witness gave the prisoner a shilling as rail- way fare to Liverpool Reid then left the house. Mr. Horner afterwards saw the prisoner talking to a lady in Albert-road, and, becoming suspicious, he informed the police, and the prisoner was apprehended. On the way to the police station he remarked to Police-constable Gibson, " The man who gave the information against me can only get me a month." The prisoner, who pleaded guilty, said that be was a native of Duudee,and had been travelling about the county for the past twelve months. He was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour. A VICIOUS HORSE IN PERCIVAL-STREET.

An accident that might have been attended with more serious results occurred in Percival-street on Tues- day morning. John White, of the London and North- Western Railway goods yard, . was taking a horse belonging to the company down to the smithy, when it became restive at sight of a man suddenly coming out of Mr. Abel's store- room, threw White to the ground striking him on the shoulder and hand whilst on the ground. White, how- ever, got on his feet and pluckily attempted to get hold of the horse to preYent it doing further mischief, when theanimal reared up and brought its foreleg with great force upon White's face inflicting a severe wound to the eye brow. Although bleeding profusely the man stuck to the animal and succeeded in taking it to the smithy after which be went to Dr McDougal who found it neces- sary to put four stitches in the wound to draw it to- gether. It is surprising that the young man epoaped so easily, as when upon the ground he was entirely at the mercy of the animal, but it is gratifying to note he iS now progressing favourably. THE SOCIETY' FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. On Sunday special sermons were preached and c4llec- tions made in aid of the above society at the several churches in Runcorn. The pulpits at the Parish Church, St. Michaels, Weston. Balton. Weston Point, Mersey Mission and Halton Mission, being respectively occupied by the Revs. J. D. Lord (late of the Indian Mis,ion), G. D. Wray, W. H. Stables, D. S. Bowen. R. C. Moyle, H. B. Frith, and Mr. Shaw (Mersey Missionary).— On Sun- day afternoon the Rev. J. D. Lord addressed a well attended meeting of the adult schelars of the Parish Church Sunday sc"hool, on the subject and importance of Missionary Work, and delighted his hearers by singing several hymns fir the Hindoo language. On Tuesday, the annual meiyingof the Runcorn Branch of the Society was held, at the National Schools, Claurch-street„ when the Rev. El, B. Girth presided over a largo attendance. The address was delivered by the Rev. E. Bullock, vicar of St. Dude's, Liverpool, and included an appeal tor the further supporting of the noble work the society was engaged is. A balance sheet and statement of the posi- tion the Society was also produced and read.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
_ RUNCORN SCHOOL BOtiltD.

The usual monthly meeting of the above Board was held at the Schaal Board Offices. Town Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday even", Messrs James Pritchard (chair - ng man), F. J. Norman. J.P., E. Imison. C.C., and G. Moss (clerk), being present. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.

The Chairman said they had received a letter from Mrs. Moss (wife of the late respectrd clerk), in acknow- ledgement of the kindness of the Board, in passing a vote of condolence with her in her bereavemeat,and also from Mr. George Ernest Moss, expressing his gratitude at the consideration of the Board, and for the kindness shewn to him. SCHOOL 116.NAGEMENT COMMITTEE.

The mi-r;-4-this Committee disclosed -t.hat the sub- ject of the formal opening of the extension of the Vic- toria-road School had been considered and deferred to a future me kisg. Accounts for salaries amounting to £2lO 123. 11. had been passed for payment. It was re- commended that Mr. Wilding he its ,quested to visit Victoria-road school and prepare a specification showing the painting asd colouring r-quired, and that the Clerk procure tenders for same. Tue. question of furnishing the extension was a'so considered, and it was reuorted that some of the articles required could be purchased from the trustees of the Brunswick school and Messrs. Pritchard, Norman, and unison were empowered to pur- chase them if they considered it advisable. The head master and mistress conferred with the committee rela- tiv., to the transfer of the scholars from Brunswick and Granville-street schools, and it was decided that at the end of the school year the scholars attending th,,se schools should be enrolled at Victoria-road, and that for the one week during which it may be necessary for them to remain in their ,iresent ' rooms the same should be regarded as a temporary transfer in the same manner as was done in the case of du Primitive Mettiodiss School.—A letter was received from Miss Watkin resigning her post as assistant teacher at the Mill Brow Infant School. The resignation was accepted. The head mistress suggested that Miss Douglas, Douga qualified teacher, should he Promoted to fill the 'vacancy, and the Committee made a recommnla- Lion accOrdinglY, the salary being fixed at £4O per annum according to scale. It was also recommended that Miss Ann Dyer, of Mill Bo w Infant School, whose expired on the 30th May, lx) re-appointed apprenticeship for a farther period of six months ending December 31st at a salary of £2O per annum as per scale. At a later meetingi of the committee t was recommended that the following tenders for furniture for the extension at Victoria-road School be accepted :—Messrs. Bennett Furnishin,g Company and Mr. James Mort. The accent- ' ance of the tender of Mr. David Billington for palming Iv., required at Victoria-road. Wan also recommended.— Mr. Norman proposed and Mr. Imison seconded tho tninutcs, which were duly confirmed. SCHOOL aTTENDANCES.

91 The School Atteridtmce Committee ;,orted that parents had been summoned before them tor breaches of the Eincation Act. Seventy.nipe parents appeared and were dealt with. The visitors report for the month end- ing I.ltaY 20th showed that the number of scholars on the registers at elementary schools was 3,343 as compared with 3,357 during tha corresponding period of last year, being a decrease of 14. The average attendance was 2,853 as against 2,679 in the month of May last esr an increase of 174. The percentage of attendances was 852 showin,, an increase of 54. This was consi‘lered a satisfactory improvement. The thinut2s were duly con- firmed.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

FETE AN FAIR. —We would remind our readers that " coming eveots cast thetr Fhauows before '' and that the Weston Fête and Fair,which commences on WeLints- day next, and continues on Thurtday and Saturday, is announced. This evelt, or rather suceeasion of events, should prove an excel:ent attraction, judging from the programme submitted.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
-ow THE EAST HEM'S VACANCY.

SELECTION OF .A LIBERAL CANDIDATE. The E4st Flerts Dirsion Liberal Association unani- mously deckled on Wednesday night to requeit th Right Son. Charles Robert Spencer, half-brother ot Earl Spencer,and formerly number for Mid-Nortbamptonshire but defeated at the las.; general elecKion, to contest the seat. It is believed that tho right hon. gentleman wiU accept the invitation. The nomination has teen fixed for the 16th inst. and the polling for the 22nd.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDUNS.

DUTTON SCHOOL BOARD AND THE GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton,on Tuesday Mr. J. M. williams (in the chair). These were slEo present Mr. A. R. Norman' Mr. J. Meadowcroft. W. S. YArwood, to- gether with the members of the Rural District Council. —Mr. J. Ashton (clerk),and Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18980610_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMUNICATIONS.

Letter; were rec. iveci, from the Local Government Board acknowledging the Board's communications res- pecting Nurse Harris • and from the Secretary of the Norto Western PJor 'Law Conference relative to the linnUal conference to be held at Manchester on the 28th of June.

THE GUARDIANS AND THE !NEW) VACCINATI N BILL. Mr. Mclntyre reported that tue Parliamentary Corn- mittee met that morning, prior to the Board Meeting, to consider the clauses of the Vaccination Bill now before I Parliament. as many of them were aware the Bill had been read a second time, and if they intended moving in ' the matter, they would have to be quick about it. As a result of their deliberations the Committee recom- mended that the Board adopt the following resolution : , "That this Board is most strongly of opinion that clause 3 of the Bill now before the House of Commons entitled, "A Bill to amend the law in respect to vaccinatioo is a direct infringement of the liberties of the people and also of the liberties and powers which sholtd be exorcised by Poor Law Guardians of this enintry; and therefore expresses its strong and emphatic disapproval of such proposed le,rislatian; this Board also respectfully but firmly calls upon the Howe of Com- mons to refuse its sanction to this or any similar measure unless provision is math' in the Bill that any rules and regulations thereby proposed to be made by the Local Government Board, shall not come into operation until they have been laid upon the table of the House of Com- mons 40 days' and have received the sanction of the Efoos ; and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Parliamentary representatives who have constitu- ents in this union."—Clauee 3of the Bill read as fol- lows : "Me Local G.)vernment Board shall hav the same powers of making rules and revilations with re- pect to public vaccination whether under contracts made before or after the passing of this Act. as they have with f respect to vaccination officers, and any rules aed regulations made by the B lard with respect COvv.cirination whether under this or any. 0:tor Act shall while in force have effect as if enacted by Otis Act." .

Mr. Meadowcroft asked in what way w.uld the Bill interfere with th pswers of the. Guardians ? The Chairman explained that at present it was the work of the Grdardians to en, to the vaccination of per_ sons. The Bill simply now prop-m.ld to give the whole of the powers to the Local Goverment Board who would dictate to the Board of Guardians. Mr. M.a.towcroft I understand that tho Local GovernmeW; Board will simply be carrying out the new regulations instead of the Guardians as At present. The Ch Orman said the remlation th.v were VIII^ to support was one requesting their Parliamentary reere- sentatives to try and prevent it becoming law, and tho,e were one or two of them that considered the officials of the Local Government Board should not have the power to make laws for themselves. (Laughter). Admiral Jones Parry said, as an old menber,he rose to a poiot of order. No did not like to see the committees cross-examined in that way, and he was going to stick up for them Mr. Meadowcroft said he thought that a new member had a perfect right to ask for information on such a subject as that, notwithstanding such an old member as Admiral Jones Parry. (Hear, hear, and laughter). The resolution of the Parliamentary Committee was then agreed to, on the prop)eltion of Mr. Mclntyre.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

The Financial Statement as submitted showed the. Treasurer's balance to be £4,327 17.. id. The amounts granted for out-relief were :—Mr. Cook, Runcorn, £9O ; Mr. Riley, Frodsharn, £2O —Mr. Meadoworoft akd bow did the expenditure compare with the cmespond- ing period of last year P—Mr. Wri!fht : It is about t samo. Mr. Cook gets £5O one fortnight and .29) the other, but it seldom varies during the twelve months.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SALARY OF THE INDUSTRIAL TRAINER.

Mr. A. It. N -omen in accordance with hia notice of motion from the last Board,moved that the salary of the lodustrial Trainer be £3O. I3e explained that really it was no increase at all,as the perion ene:ard wan sun- posed to have £25 and hoer money (£4) making £29. he therefore propoaed the round fitmre nf £O. The Chairman said it would bs information to the members of the Board if the Master closcribed the duties of the industrial trainer. The Master said the duties consisted of inatructinsr the boas in physical and military drill, assisting at the ha Ph- ine of the males, attending to the casual wards, and generally assisting all round. \ The increase was granted. INDTISTRUL TRAINER FOR THE OIRL9. . .

Mr. Norman said they 'rapid remember this was left over from the last Beard day. It appeared that the in- dustrial trainer they had was one of a number of can- didates selected tor a post of schoolmistress. She ha,d however, failed to secure the eppointment,and expressed her willingness to remain.—Mr. Bexter said Wore the question was gone into he would like to say a few words. In his opinion there was a great deal of care- lessnefs somewhere or otherond all the people who took girls from the house cornplainen of their ignorance of domestic work ; it was very necessary that the girls should be receiving instruction in domestic economy. The Chairman agreed with Mr. Baxter and quoted some personal experiences. The Master said all he could say was that the house had got a good memo for the class of children it turned out. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Meadowcroft considered that the question was out of order. There was no definite resolution on the aeprida, and he proposed that the matter be deferred. N eice was accordingly given to bring the question in proper fo,m at the next meting. DUTTON SCHOOL AUTHORITIES IL:ID THE worurnouse CHILDREN. Mr. Baxter at some length put before the Board the case of the Datton Sshool Authority with regard to the receiving of the workhouse children at tee schools. They eomplained that they were not receiving tee whole of the children. To take in the children entailed an extra cost upon the Dutton School Board as they had to in- crease the teaching staff ; and it would be unfair to the Dutton ratepayers if they sustained any loss through having the children sent there. Mr. Linaker supported Mr. Baxter end remarked that it made a difference of a i. or ld.rate to the district of Dutton. They had to increase the teaching staff at a cost of £4O ; and supposing they had 20 or 28 scholars and they earned a grant of £1 it veould be only a set off of £2B aecinst £4O; to say nothing of the fact that they would lose a grant of £lO given them on account of the population being below a certain number. It was at. leered that the whole of the children were not sent to the school, so he conridered if any were sent, all should be sent. The Master said there wrie only 18 boy!: and 12 girls of a school age. He retained 7 boya and 6 girls making 13. end there were five not of school age. There were 43 children altogether. Ho did not know the standard of the Dutton School. Mr lin Aker felt sure that the Dutton school edncated to the fifth and sixth standards,and he did not see why any of the children ehould he kept from it. The Master submitted a time table of the manner In which the children were educated and kept employed during the time they were in the house. Mr. Meadowcroft pointed out that they had heen in- creasing the salary of one industrial trainer to £3O, and were talking of appAnting another ; while to him it ap- p eared as if there would be no place for either. There was one pcint he should like Mr. Linaker to answer,and that was would they net he »Mewed something by the Education Department besides the sums mentioned. Mr. Linaker did not think so. Ultimately the question wee deferred to the Visiting Committee, whereupon Mr. Norman said he hoped the l t commmittee would turn up in force. 7P%BrrtrvErDelpNoGrtecr that COMMITTEE. Admiral Admiral Jone e Building Com- mittee were in a position to say that the Boardroom would be ready next meeting, if not for the Council to flit in it wotald be ready for them to stand in. (Hear, bear).

===== 0002601_18980610_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SANI2ARY CONDITION OF THE RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT.

There is just to band ths report of Dr. Joseph Adams, MR., CM., (Medical Officer of Health to the Runcorn District Council) upon the sanitary condit.iou of the dis- trict of the Runcorn Rural Districr Council. The report elves a detailed acconnt with statistical tables of the sickness and mortality within On district, classified according to diseases, ages and localities; a summary of the actions taken during the year for the prevention of the spread of disease ; an account of the inquiries testi.. toted, and of the sapervision exercised by tie Medical Officer as to the conditions injurious to health in the die- trict, together with the manner of dealing with the SAM" ; and also a record of the action advised by the Medical Officer in regard to toe treatment of offensive trades, factories and workshops, and for the regulation of dairies, covrsherls, and milk shops. Glancing briefly through the report we see that the Runcorn Rural District includes 39 townships with 49 309 acres, and an estimated population of 26,737 (estimated to the middle of 1897). During the year end- ling December 31st, 1897, 613 births and 343 deaths were segistesed,as haying occurred within the district ; these figures cornosred with 1893 show the remarkable de- crease of 119 births, and an increase of 21 deaths. De. ducting the number of deaths which occurred in Dutton Workhouse, known to belong to other unions, however, gives an emended total of 330 deaths of which 31 I. armed the suhject of Coroner's ih.quente, and no less than /4 were "uncertified," and no inquest was held. Then fol. lows a table cif the nature of death and reason tor ths Coroner'a inquest:—Burned, 3; epilePsx- 1: found I drowned, 8; natural causes, 11 ; overl4io,l ; run over, 4'. found dead, 2; poisoned by entering a sewer (employers censued),l ; total,3l.—Of the 613 births 311 were males,

I and 302 females; whilst the deaths include 189 males and 154 females for the whole, and 183 males and 147 females for the corrected total exclusive of foreign cases. Contrasted with several previous years, the total deaths from all zymotic diseases were only 26 I compared wi:h 42 in 1896, typhus fever which occurred in 1886.tnade no reappearance, nor was there any traces of smallpox, indeed the report goes on to state " every zymotic disease was at a very low ebb as to death rate," as the following table will show I.—Smallpox 0 ; scarlet fever, 7 ; diptheria 3 ; croup, 1 ; typhus 0 ; typhoid fever 1 ; continued fever, 0 ; relapsing fever. 0 ; puce- Petal, 0 ; cholera, 0 ; ervsipelas, 0 ; measles, 2 ; whoop- ing cough, 8 ; diarrhoei 3 ; rheumatic fever,l ; total 26. Influenza is described as having left its " calling card" upon tbe British nation and Dr. Adams con- tends it should rank in company with cholera, staallpox, typhoid fever aid other " infeetioua I dignitaries." Since 1890, when influenza first reappeared in annual returns, after an absence of about 50 years; it has accounted for the following deaths per year in the Rnocorn District in 1890. 7 deaths; 1891,19 deaths;lB92, 17 deaths; 1893, 7 deatne;lB94,l2 deaths; 1895,12 deaths; 1896, none; whilst in 1897 it rose to 10 deaths. Of other diseases, phthisis caused 26 death.' ; bronchitis, pneu- monia ana pleurisy,6o deaths ; heart disease, 34 deaths; injuries, accident and violence, 17 deaths; other diseases I 170 deaths. In dismissing this section the report goes on to state that taken on the whole it is one of the most favoureble which it has ever been the pleasure of the compiler to present. Accompanying the report are four appendix' (1 and 2) of statistical tables of mortality aad inlenous d,seases o7.curricg within the Runcorn Rural Dirtrict during the year 1897; (3) of the water analysis e :inducted by the County Analyst, in 1897 and (4) a summary of water analysis arranged in townships from the year 1879 to 1897. The whole report is brim-full of interesting informa- tion, and is compiled with Dr. Adams' usual methedical ability,ancl will uadoubted'y be perused with zest by al! interested in the health of Ituncern and district.

RUNCORN PHILHARMONIC SOCIEPY.

A NNT, AL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the above society was held on Thursday under the presidency of Mr. S. raylor, J.P, C.C., and tlltre was a large atteadance.

13:I:PORT.

The lion. Secretlries (Messrs. G. Frith an.l W. Cooke) Fwbinitted their report shlwinc,r the work of the society during the season Three c4ncertst a ere given during the session : on 17:h Novembrr, 26th January, and the Mil of April. Two social evenings were &Iso held in the Public 11411.—Tie report wg..s a,lopted on the ino:ion of Mr. Brown, sec,,nded by Mr. J. Littler.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Ali. C. Handley presented the financial statement. The rec.in'a am ire:e3to £lsii 151. id., and the expen- diture £l5O, leaving a balanea oF £5 15J. ld.. on the first concert fli,re was a 109 e of £l2 7s. 53., and on the second and third a gain of £1 16s. 11d. The two socials yielded a profit of £8 7c 11d., leaving a profit on the years working of £.4 19; 83. The gross lianilities of the society amounted to £73 13s. 61., and the assets £ll Os, 13., leaving a dethiiency of £62 133 53. ma Chairman said though the finances were not as satisfactory as they might expect, it was certainly mare hopeful. _

tr.Piarpint said he considers.: the past seasons working had basn a great disapis dminent. When to amalgllnz.tion took place it was thought it w 4014 h 3 for the host, hut the attendances present were nothing but a parody on the whole thing. Mr. Scott asked the reason of the receips of the second concert being so much more than the other concerts. _

. . it w4s explained that it w3s because of the members being hAK in the way of pushing tickets. For the ether concert a number of the members paid for tickets they could not sll. (Applause). Mr. 13,0wn thought it wouli ha advisable to give the society up as there :veto Indications of the socie4 not being harmordowly worked. Mr. Jarnu+ Littler urged the me:r.bers to stirk to the society and try and cl.ar the dent. After some furth4r divnisDion a vote was taken aril 27 were in favour of cantinuiug the society and coven against.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICVIS.

The followin,sT were -;.:1-ec—te.d—officers for the comina session:—Presiclent Mr. S. Taylor ; Mr. J. Booth, secretary : Mr. G. Pearson. treasurer ; Mr. J. Newell, librarian • Mrs. Birbara Johnson accompanist ; Mr. Granvill 'Hantock confitte.l.or ; co:nmi rec.—llessrs. C. Handley. J. Littler. It. W. Pierp,int, W. Crosby, F.L. Scott. H. liihthes, P. Jones (Hilton), and Arthur Handley. On the Preno,,itio of Mr. F. L. Scott, seconded by Miss S rankM, it was dec,ded that a namsting of tho lady members nf the societr and the committee to ',K) held ot T-esday r.xt to organise a sale of work to raise. fito.ts to clear off the debt.

itENCOI6 NOTES. [BY A CORRESPONDENT]. The ancients—who were really and truly philoso- phers—hand down to us the legend "to break a bard stone, 'tie best to keep on knocking it," which is to- day as much a truism as it was then. Therefore it is reasonable to suppose that if one would secure a conees.ion in the way of an improvement of any kind. a little persistent perseverance is all that is required to bring it about. Again if persistency suc- ceeds in the breaking of stones,tbe Runcorn Guar- dians (undoubtedly experienced enough in that re- spect) need not despair when they receive a slight reverse, as the one in the case of lighting of the Latchford Locks.

That a %umber of lives have been lost in the vicinity of these locks is common knowledge.but an analysis or the many cases,points—not so much to the want of better protection and lighting.for which the Ship Canal Company are asked—as to a want of just a little ordinary care which the general pub- lic might exercise when using the lock as a feet- way. A glance at the details of the sad fatality which occurred there on Monday week illustrates the case, and the jury might have refrained from magnifying the dangers of the locks, or at least re- quested the public to try to do their share by exer- cising a little more cxre,though after all "accidents" are accidents which happen by accident.

One effect of the matter being ventilated,however, will be that the Manchester Ship Canal Company will probably do their share—whether liable or not liable I feel sore is immaterial to them—in making the locks as secure as is compatible with their working.

There is another great nece-,sity, which must not be overlooked, and that is tl-ie acquirement of a suitable road from Runcorn to Weston Point. Weston Point is a growing place of no lit tie import- ance, and not a little of the profit of the Runcorn storekeeper comes from this becoming centre of the salt industry. All who have ever taken a walk to Weston Point must be well aware of the existence of that spot called the "death-trap" in the vicinity of the Weston Point locks; and there are not a-few who remember it but too well. Here there iSa very narrow pe,h, and if land cannot be obtained to widen it, surely permii;sion might be obtained to erect a handrail, sufficient to protect anyone from falling into the water. This consummation might ' be accomplished by any public body, company, or authority, and is one which all of them might well take a hand in from merely humanitarian prin- ciples.

Dr. McDougall ought,and is to be highly oomph- mented on the slccess of his scheme tor the t c with- don of a county laboratory for the chemical and bacteriological testing of articles of food— especially of milk and water. True, the County Council have declined to found such an institution, but in the same breath they virtually admit the necessity of it. They say make use of the existing facilities at Liverpool and Manchester. A remark- able concession for a County Council to make, but nevertheless a concession. They admit its need— they admit what Dr. McDougall pointed out. Now it will only be a matter of time before the county will be indebted to Rancorn and its Medical Offlcer of Health, for an institution which cannot but con- tribute to the weal of all the inhabitants.

WARRINGTON BANSRUPfCY COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway. AN AB,CONDING BANJO:a:PT.—On the name Of Thomas Hunter, who carried on business as a printer and st itioner at Bridge-ditTeet, Warrington, being called out there was no respense.and the Assistant Official Receiver (Mr. Potter) informed the Court that the Bankrupt had ahsconded. He did not appear at the Official Receiver's Offico and nothing had been prepared. He proposed to adjourn the examination sine die.—This course was agreed to. BANKRUPTCY Or A RUNCORN FORS BaTCHES.—Williarn Wright, pork buteher, Coure.h-street, Roncern,appeared for his public examination in bankrulYcy.—Oaly one creditor was preme he, ,T Assistant Official Receiver Said the debtor's liabilities Were small, and as he had answered the printed questions e.t the Official Receiver's Office straightforwardly, with the permission of the Registrar he proposed to close the examination Subject to the debtor signing the u,ual folms.—The Registrar Closed the exammation.

An immense gokid.4,l he been discovered in the Giwgeny Snow Mountains. Rich virgin foresni of tLf! veins of gold are found thirty to forty feet below the surface. Wieden, asuhuit of Vienns, has the largest dwellin7- house in the worid. It eontgins 1,400 rooms, divided into 400 suites, end alLtda shdter to 2,112 persons.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
GLADSTONE STATUE

FOR PARLIAMENT SQUARE.

A STATUE to MR. GLADSTONE is to be erected

in PLRLIAMENT-SQLTARS by PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTION.

THE PROPRIETORS OF THE " EXAMINER " WILL be pleased to receive and acknowledge Contributions.

111cIESULT of DRAW for Mr. MILIAN'S BICYCLE .1.1.4 of WARRINGTON, winning No 43:, Mr. C.Hor.Lisuss- WORTH, 8 Lovely-lane, Warrington. esalt of Draw Adver- tisements, not accepted by the Propristms of " Manchester Guardian."

RENT SAVED. Purchase your own house by easy pay- ments withaut ,pital. System in successful operation for over twenty years. Address 11.1% " ExeAtrilial " Office Warrington.

WANTED COOK; Protestant ; feel reforenees required. By letter, Mrs. ALDP [au, Park House, tiuyton.

‘VANT RD. at once . 1e S VANT ; apply stating age T to Joas TOMLINSON, iNorliffeaves Nsrm, Crawsha booth, near Rs wtenstall.

55 IVY-STREET, COCOA. ROOMS BUSINE :$ to be clisposPd of as a going concern and all fixtures ; taking LIU weekly; rent £so a year; smoke room, two dining roams, five bAro3ms and two cellar kitchens. Will take £l4) ; can be translerre immediately. Apply as above:

‘,STANT QRD, goad ENERAL SERVANT ; fond of children and of good oharacter.-11cd. WILLILMS, 41, Park- gate-road, Chester.

CIMSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED.

MANCHESIER CASII DRIP&RS.

GREAT SUMMER SALE

COMMENCES JULY 2sn,

U A.ND W II FOR THIS

SALE OF SALES.

C. AND • a W

GREAT SUiMEJ SALE.

CLOSN ON WEDNESDAYS AT ONE O'CLOCK

CROSBY AND WALIit:E, LIMITED.

82, 84, 86, AND 88,

OLDHAM S EET.

MANCHESTER.

"AWED at once, th iroaghty good General SHNVAN.2. 25-35: two only in family; most be well recommended —Apply in first instance, 58 ilitantatohOUGEl-ROAD,Tuebrook.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREEr WESLEYAN CiiITELCJI.

ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AND LECTURE. The anniversary services in connection with the Bold. street Wesleyan Sunday School, were held on Sunday. At the morning and evening services the Bey. John Bond, of London, preached to large congregations. In the afternoon an interesting address was given by the Rev. W. Wood of Sheffield, special music was sung by the choir and scholars at each service. The collection during the day amounted to £37. On Monday evening the Rev. J. Bond, tz svC an address on " Cromwell and the Puritans." The chair was taken by Mr. It. G. Henshall. There was only a fair attendance. The lecturer took his audience to the time of the Reformation, which he said, spraag from two sources :—From political necessity and the long felt need of an ignorant people. He described the execution of Hooper, and touched upon some of the chief incidents of the time of Elizabeth and James. Oliver Cromwell, he said, was a man a little above the middle stature with a very harsh voice. Cromwell went to school and later to the University of Canforid4e. where be acquired only an ordinary acquaintance of knowledge. Presently he got married and settled down as a farmer,'and passed through that stage which brought him before us as a sedate and thoughtful man. Crom- well later went into Parliament. He took up the reins of Government as they fell from incompetent bands and immediately set himaelf against King Charles. After the breaking up of the Parliament, a notice was found chalked upon one of the doors one morning which said " This house to let unfurnished." That the lecturer said was probably true. Cromwell. eventually redormed the Parliament which made him protector. Cromwell was a match for all political trouble, tut fin- ally domestic trouble came which quite overcame him. His daughter was taken ill and despite all endeavonrs she died. Cromwell died soon after leaving, a character to his country never to he forgotten. The lecturer touched upon the character of the Puritans whom some pecple thought were hypocrites. This was not true,they were anything but that, though they had their faults. The regiment of Ironsides which Cromwell raised amongst the farmers of Eseex to fight aoeinst the Parlia- mentary forces were examples of the Puritans of that time. They were men of stern, unbending character. This was proved by the fact that they were never beaten. The Ironsides were net made out of hypocrites nor could hypocrites be made out of " Ironsidee." Cromwell could not be a hypocrite to inspire all these men. No man was a successful hypocrite in his own family for long. The only thing Cromwell's daughter thought would do her any good was his presence. Cromwell was to hi? daugh- ter the tenderest nurse that all the wealth of England could produce.9e was a man of earnestness and religion. The lecturer pointed out that from the puritans sprang come of the greatest men the world has ener known. Such men as John Bunyon, John Hemoden, and John Milton. who were the Puritan Palm ;eves," and amongst them stood that " rough oak" Oliver Crom- well. Twe Stuarts preceded and two Stuarts succeeded Cromwell. Cromwell wee a man of very great common sense, and ho never allowed himgelf to be carried away by theories. The lecturer shortly afterwards concluded what had proved to be a most iuteresting and instructive address. A vote of thanks was pessed to tho lecturer, and to Mr. Henshall for taking the chair.

W.I.FR:NGTON T. WIGAN -Al Wigan on srVednesday the Warrington team was oac again defelted. Score and bowl- log analysis : ___

- -WIGAN, WARRINGTON. 811 Bennick c sub b I 7 H Podmore c Sbaw b Silcock Barstow b Silcock b Thewlis c Rounick b Bar- Thewlis .7 Msrsh b Thewlis 2l Wal Sflcock run out 0 H L Trotman st Hampson R Pierpoint lbw b Barstow IS b Thewlis W P Goodwin b Podrnore 8 Hopkins .. 5 A Shaw b Podmore A Bryham not out l6 A Pick; on o Gee o Bar - Hopkins St Hampson b Stow Yodmore G Roger run out ............. 1J T Gee b Podmoro I Stow 0 0 Beunett h Barstow 0 Extras 1 Rxt 85 6

Total E-7 Total 53 BOWLING ANALTSM WIGAN. WAIMNGTON.

O. Ai. R. W. Thewlis l9 9 30 3 Bqr. lv,v; IS2 5 28 7 W M Silcock 6 3 14 2 It op k W H Podmorel2.3 1 37 4

somx, Ni)A tt AIR, nothing ort FOR BABY'S SKIN. so beauti- ftYhicnlp9.lasi°l6Ccqudnircicioaiss BOSocleni,ll'till)T.lng('`,l)t ukrffli:!ort-Tv'e skin and complexion soap, s'4 wen " the P•lrs'.7 and acreoteEt for tnilet, bath, and nurs.y. For A„iatres6ing f,,0111 eruptions, trrartei a:A ohra t P hands 6ZIt I t+,l:ri: •I. and simple rasbes and blemistie6 of infaney it is ahi,ol.lteir inooraparable. •

===== 0002601_18980610_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ' -4

w

===== 0002601_18980610_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
4 11 I I , I I, ; " '

===== 0002601_18980610_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONt.

There is only on, "First" in a race, and it !s acknow- ledged without doubt that GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, The Vegetable Tonic, is The Beet Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Low Spirits, nd Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or nas been weakened by dißease,and therefore more liable

to colds and their attendant 'ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the' circulation, assists and pro- motes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it removes all im- purities and obstructions from the human body, and gives tone to the whole system. Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- -dock, Lavender, and Bandelier), in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, from the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. . People that suffer from brain fag and . _ _ _ .

sleeplessness, who feel " out of sorts "and "run down" find rapid and permanent relief from the use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties continually at their furthest stretch, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder is it that this extreme tension leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked toilers require an extra sustenance for body and brain. Now, Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about thie renowned preparation—let, used by medical profession; 2nd a purely vegetable com- pound ; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; sth, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the raublic,but they ;nay be classifird unoi.r two heads :—The Best and The Rest. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS IS TIM BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the name •• Gwilyrn Evans "on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 9i. and 49. 61.. or in cases containing three 49. 63. bottles at 123. 6d. per cue. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it the Proprietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. GWILYIC EVANS' QUININE BITiERS. GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MA.GISTRATES.

A BATCH OF UNLICENSED _LODGING HOUSE CASES,

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday morning, before the Mayor and other magistrates. Hannah Ward, 1, Alder-lane ; Edward Kilroy, 3, Alder- lane ; John Adams, 315, Winwick-road ; Henry Craven, 323, Winwick-road ; Peter Maguire, 297, Winwick-road; and Joseph Williams, 295, Winwicit•road, were all summoned at the instance of Inspector Norman with keeping lodgers without having their houses regis- tered.—lnspector Norman stated that all the defendants lived at the North end of the town, and they were accommodating lodgess who worked at Winwick Asylum. The defendant were unable to make proper accommo- dation for their families owing to overcrowding by lodgers. There was plenty of room for lodgers at the registered lodging houses. Is one case thirteen persons were found in a house only adapted for six. Unless a stop were put to It they would have a great deal of trouble with these people during the construction of Winwick Asylum.—lnspector Powell gave evidence as to visiting the defendants houses. There was more or less overcrowding in every house, and none of the defen- dants were registered. In Craven's house there were eleven persons on the 25th ult where there was only accommodation for six ; and in Kilray's house eleven persons were found living there, when there should only have been six.—The magistrates fined Craven and Kil- ray 7s. each, and the other defendants 3s 6d. each. They were ordered to get without their lodgers or to have their houses registered.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

Fatosi.—Bef ore the Mayor (Alderman Wright) eon . • Smetharst Dr. Gornall, and Mr. Hepherd, OCCASIONAL LienrEfue.—Mr. Wright Royal Court Hotel, was granted an occasional license to sell on the Cricket Ground at Arpley. ARREARS or MAINTETANCE.—Thomas Donald. 99, Glebe- street, Leigh. was summoned at the instance of Mr. Basil Shearer, on b-half of the Warrington Board of Guardians, with arrears of maintenance on an o-der made by the magis- trates of 4s. a week. He was ordered to pay ss. a week until the arrears are wiped off, or In default 14 days imprison- ment. ASSAULT SY A NElGHBotnt.—Eliza Hill. 6. Dakin's Court, was summoned by Emma Grounds, 74, Church-street. neighbour, for assaulting her on Sunday the 29th ult. Tke oomplainant stated that she was crossing the yard of Dakin's Court when the defendant came to her and used very had language. The defendant afterwards pulled witness's hair and dragged her to the ground. The defendant swung her round like a top.—Mrs. Ewan, ef Dakin's Court gave evidence all LO witnessing the assault—The defendant said that tbe quarrel arose through the complainant having th-ashed her daughter. She denied the assault.—The magistrates tined her in the costs. and bound her over to keep the peace or in default seven days imprisonment. She said she would go to prison rather than pay the costs A Waists's QUARREL.—Mary Roberts, 15, Melbourne- street was summoned at the instance of Catherine Bent, of 45, Forster-street on a charge of having used threats.— After hearing evidence on both sides, the magistrates thought the case wa.s not clearly proved, and dismissed It,on the defend- ant promising to be of batter behaviour In future. mornger.—Behre Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Alderninl Blackhurst, Councillor Shaw Green. Mr J. W. Hayward, Me. Thomas Birchall. Mr. S. Wright, and COuncilior

irnethnrst. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Graham, 5, Forster-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Forger street on the 28th May.—P.C. Taylor said he was on duty In Winwick-street about 6.50 p.m. on Saturday the day in question. He saw defendant in Forster-street drunk and smashing windows, and fighting with her husband.—The defendant called as a witness Betsy Spruce who said she saw Mr. Graham strike Mrs. Grsharn three times. A daughter of the defendant, Amelia Graham. also said she saw her father strike her mother three times while the officer was th-re: The officer sai.l at the time" You must not do that or it will be a ayssen ca, for you."—The bench lined the defendant ss. and costs or seven days. OBSCENE LA NM VAGE. —Mary Ann Tarpey, 2, Itefuge-street, was Summoned f r using obscene language.—P.O. Clough said on Saturday night the 21st May in Lilford-street, when passing der tedant's house she commenced using obscene language witnout any trovocation.—The defendant said it was only one word, and she was in a temper at the time.— The bench fined her 2s 6.1. LICENSE TRANSFERS —Application was made for the follow- ing transfers, off licenses :-83, Pinners'-brow, from Robert Brandreth to Clara Jane Sephton, granted ; and on off-licenss 36. Priestley-street from Barals Hill to John Blackham granted. ALLEGED CHILD Niunaccr.—The charge against William and 3mma Fiddler of neglecting four of their children was withdrawn on the information of Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., who said the home had been made comfortable. THE CLOSE 'iIEASON FOR BIRDS.—John Blrehall and James Birchall. of 43, Warburton-street. were summoned by Inspec- tor Great ex for having in their possession a young throssel's nest —The Inspector said he had received information and it was alleged they had taken a throssel's nest with young ones In on Sunday the Bth May. He only wished publicity given to the fact that it WAS the close season for birds.—The bench reprimanded the boys and said they w0.,1d have to Pay the costs, 3s 6d. FURIOUS DRIVING. —Thomas Brooks, cattle dealer, Statham, Lymm. was summoned for furiously driving in Bridge-street on May 28th.-I'.C. Beecham said the defendant was driving 60 fast that he collided with a trap. —Another witness gave evidence that Brooks was driving about twelve miles an hour. The defendant turned and laughed at the officer when asked to stop.—lnspecter Spinks said the defendant hesitated *bone giving his address at first, but when they telephoned for it he gave it and they found it to be correct.—The bench Judi:led a fine of lOs and costs. Carantarr on wpm—Mary Mercer, 63, Sharpe-street, was fined Is- forhaving her chimney on fire on May 31st. TOESDAY.—Before. kirjtohert Garnett (in the chair) and

===== 0002601_18980610_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Tbornas Blre-1;112

Smoot. ATTENmaitcE °Amts.—The nersons were dealt with for not sending their children to school. Willhm Henry Cox. labourer, 17,. Forster-street, finel is ; John Kearns. laborwer, IS. Silver-street, fined is 6d ; James Lounds. labourer. 98, Sharp-street, (two children) fined Is in each case ; Thomas Topham, carter, Marie-street, Longtod- street. fined is and order made to attend school.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence. by Dr. Sends' Liver seeds; or money refunded. you. - The tiniest vegetable thatsufficient for will acnuyreo ordinary case. One a dose. . ISt bottle earth ntleesuffic 144 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disoraers. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Banda' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, BloomsburY, London. Meador; this paper, (CCPYI74O MT.

, CLEANLINESS AND CURE FOLLOW THE USE OP Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT. Clvos ease at once and effectually remows c racks, Fissures and Ulcerations. bosesl/- &2/6 each. Fast &e 1/—* PENN &p.n 8 BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, 11. E.

Becat

TIIIIRSDAY.—Before Mr. Chandley (In the chair), Alderman Sutton, and Mr. Hepherd. "HIS FIRST LAPSE "—THEFT OF BOOTS.—A lad named Herbert Wright, said to be 12 years of age. was charged with stealing a pan* at boots the property of the Bankruptcy Boot Stores. 48. Horsemarkkt-street. The lad pieaded guilty.— The Chief Constable said this was a very painful case indeed. The defendant had been for some time in the employ of the firm as errand boy, and had previously borne a very good character. en Wednesday afternoon two boys went into a pawnshop in Winwick-road.and pledged the pair of boots in question. The assistants lathe shop did not Ilice the look of things and questioned the lads,and in the meantime sent for the police, but the lads ran away. P.C. Edwards was called in, and Ise made inquiries into the matter, which led him to pay a visit to the st.sres in Hersernarket-street, where he saw the defendant. He asked him if he had attempted to pawn a pair of boots. He •at first denied that he had done so. bat subsequently admitted his guilt, and said he stole the boots from Inside the shop on Monday night. The gentleman who had pre.ferred the charge against the lad was anxious the Bench should deal with him as leniently as possible ; In fact he was anxims for the charge to be withdrawn alto- gether. but he was told that that could not be allowed.—The defendant. whase age it now transpired was 13, said they rubbed the boots in the dust to make them look old.—Mr. Chandley severely lectured the boy upon his bad conduct.and also gatre him some excellent advioe as to his future beha- viour. The lad said be was sorry, and the Bench ordered him to be kept in the Bridewell until six o'clock in the even ing.—lt was stated that the lad's employers were willing t- take him again. • . .

UNRITLY'bRILDREN*—WiIIiam Ellis, of Thewll,-:treet, was charged with tailing to send his son George to school regu- larly. Mr. Janes, who proved the case, said the lad had not been to school for a fortnight—since the case was las:, bavore the magistrates and adjourned. He now asked for him to be sent to the High Town Truant School, Liverpool, until he was 14 years of age The Bench decided to adopt that course.—Bdward Smith, of 72, Cartwright-street, was similarly charged. Mr. Jones said the case was before the Bench on duesday. The lad would not attend any school and was continually on the streets during the day, and he slept out during the night. The father said he coald do no good with the lad. For three weeks he took him to school every morning, but he would not g • in the afternoon because he (the father) could not look after him, as he was at his work. He was up till three o'clock that morning looking after him. The uhairman : What have you dune to him? The father: I have panished him In many ways, but it Idoes him no good. I have six other children, but I have no trouble with them.- It was decided to send the lad to Ard- wick Green School, Manchester. until he was IS years of age.

NEWTON PE 'TY SESSIONS. FIRST COURT.

TELIIRSDLY.- 3efore Ile. T: lierpl 3 (I a th 3 chili.), all

"c;ioiCet ivOd.

DRUNK AND DISoRDEBLY.—Tha following Were Ailed for this °Naive —Ann Brongh in Viaduct-street. Newton, on 31st Mty, 2s 6d and costs ; Prick Delaney, in Market-st., Bariestown, on Ist June, 25 6d and costs; Edward Grady, charged with this of/ taco on 30th May in Legh-street, New- ton, was discharged. DOGS AT LARGE.—Jarnes Williams, at Winwick, and John Houghton, at •'ark-road, Newton, were each find 3s 6d for having dsgs at large unmuzzled on tha 23rd and 31st of May respectively. SCHOOL OASES.—I he following persons were flnod Ss each for not sending their children reguisrly to school I—Daniel Murphy, William Thompson, Thomas Singleton, and Robert Brown.

CRUELTY TO CHILDREN AT Buse°maroon —Benjamin and Jane Williams of 4?,Jackson-street,Burtonwood were charged with cruelty to their four children. Jane. aged (9), John (8), Ellis (5), and Benjamin (3), on the 17th of Februari. Beth defendants pleaded not guilty.-11r. Riley. solicitor, of St, I Helens said he appeared to suoport the charge. They had I been previously summoned and failed to appear. A war- rant was granted and the defendants were arrested. Theyf lived at Buttonwood and in consequence of one of the chil- dren dying through the effects of burns. the attention o I people had been called to the con - Rion of their other children When the child came to be laid out th-y found the other chil- -1 then in a filthy state.—lnspeotor McAteer N.5.P.0.0. said in Icompany with P ()Hades he went to the house of the defen- dants and examined the four children separately and found them in a most filthy condition. There were three rooms upstairs. The small centre bedroom was occupied by the two defendants and the four children. The man said their condition was due to his wife who drank. He had given her £24 19i. 6d. altogether since February 24th which averaged about £2 odd per week. The child Jane the witness continued. was covered with vermin both on the head and body. John and Ellis were also covered with vermin. There was only one small piece of crust in the ifinure. At the time they left Bur- tonwool to avoid the summons he made special inquiries,aud heard there was not much blame attached to the husband.— P.O. Hades corroborated the Inspector's evidenee. The child- ren were both filthy and verminous. The lad John had sores on him from seratch.ng.—When asked what they had to say the male defendant said the woman had done everything to bring him down during the last three year,. The house broke up about eighteen months ago when she went away, taking th.children. He was a contractor and had to share the money he made with another man. He gave his wife sufficient money to keep the home in good condition. P.O. Hades recalled by the bench to answer what he knew of the character of the man said he had borne a good ch racter some years ago before he got married.—The female defendant de- nied she received en 03411 money to keep the boa .8 going.— The bench said it was a very distressing case and that the woman was evidently to blame. She was committed to prison for three mouths. The male defendant was di.- charged. SECOND COURT. _ _

Before Mr. Robert Stone (in the chair) and Mr. C. B. F: Borron.

DAUNT( LIST.—The followingcTerons were fined for being drunk :—Richard Aspinall at Golborns 24th May, 2s 64 and costs ; William Hayes at Haydock sth June. 2! 64 and Costs; John Jones at Newton sth June, 25 64 and costs; John Heaton at Newton sth June, 5s and costs.

DRITTIC AND DISORDERLY.. —The following were fined for this offence :—John Connor, Patrick Grady, and Thomas Rafferty at Haydock 28th May. 2s 6d and costs each ; George Lowe at Goll,orne 30th May, 21 6d and costs ; Patrick Glynn at Golborne 21st May, 2s 6d and costs ; John Foy at, Golborne 21st May, 2s 6d andcests ; Jane Ann Broughton at Newtoa 315 t May. 2s 6d and costs. DOG AT Lutz —Christopher Wright for having Ks dog at large unmuzzled on the 24th May was fined 35 6d. GAMING WITH MONEY.—John Bolton, John Hindley, John Burrows and Arthur Bolton were all charged with gaming with money on the .09th lay at Golbnrne. The defendants all pleaded not guilty —The bench considered the case proved after the evidence was given, and fined them each 5s and Costs, OneraucrioN —Arthur Carney, James Carney. John Cunningham. Charles Young. Hiiward Young, Rdw :rd Woods, and John O'Daunell were charged with obstructing the footpath. The defendants each pleuded not guilty.— The evidence of the police constable. corro,o.a,sd by another officer, was that at 419 In the afternoon on Monday the day in question, the defendants were standing and ob.tructing the footpath at the cornerofifbigvh-stth,,eisto,ffitorlborint wu ethe They chultobmeetno make previm a sly warned MoVe when the officer was seen, but the passengers on the footp.th had to take their chance--The bench fined them 55 each. ALLEGED THEFT Br AN ITALIAN.—Lag.rio Lute. of Mal- Chester, evi sently an tallan. was charged with travelling without a ticketat 11-15 a.m. between Lime-street and New- ton, on the London and North-Western Railway, on the 9th Juno, and also on that, date with stealing six air mamas from the Company —As the prisoner was Insatiable of saying any- thing in his own defence it was decided to remand him to , Warrington and an interpreter could be got in the mean- time.

_ CRUELTY TaA HORSE.—WiiiiRRI(MR WAS Charged with working a horse in an unfit state. Itiorgetnt • Walker laid he saw the defendant in charge of a coal turn y and two horses at about t,al past eleven on the 23th alay. One of the is xses was an aged Iran ,ee In art emaciated condition An old wound was filled with matter and the collar was preesing on it. He also found its fore legs lame and sore, and the fetlocks were in a bad condition, and altogether the animal was in a bad state. He made inquiries and found from defendant's mother that she had instructed him not to take the korse out% that meriting. The defendant in defames said he had two pads on the borsd's forelegs, and early in the morning these were only heat lumps.—Tae magistrates fined him lOs and costs.

RUNCORN PE rnr SE33IONS.

MONDAY—Before Messrs- P. Speakman Oa the ehair) and

John Ockleston. OHISVEY ON FIRE.---iNtelph Lovett. 19. Norfolk-street Runcorn. summoned at the instance of Mr. JATIOi Percival inspector of nuisances, for unlawfully allowing his clumney to be put on fire on th, 29th of May. was fine I Is, and costs 85. 6d.—The defendint's wife appear and said the chimney got on fireaCcidentally.--The Superintendeat of police said they had recalved a great many complains and a letter from the Urban District Council on the matter.—Mr. P.Speakman did not adjudicate On this cAse. STONE THROWENO.—ThOMAS Harrop, a youth or about 15 residing at Albert-street, Runcorn was summoned for throw. lug stones in Lowland-med.—P.C. Gregory proved the case- Defendant said he was with about a dozen other lads play ing at .• peggy " and was trying to get the "pew" off them.—The magistrates said they considered he was a bad lad, and had contracted some bad habits as he had been be- fore ttwrn on several previous oocasions ; tbey Imposed a fine of 2s. 64. and Bs. 6d. costs, or seven days in default. THE" Daum" LIST.- For being drunk and disorderly in ded not press p Regent-street on the 23r4 of May, Sarah Morton, Mill-street, was fined 28.61. and Its, 6d. costs.—Ralph Bane. Post Office- Tie waspoiiez orddeir lane, an old man aged 68 years, who NV is represented by his housekeeper, rpayes theth n costs b.6dfosrrcoarlainke offence. , for being drunk and disorderly in Windmill-street on the 28th of May. pleaded not guilty. The offsnae was considered proved, and defendant who had ben before the Bench on many previous occa:ions Was seat to gaol for 14 days without the option of a fine.

CHILDREN

tuse ch,.:ir clothes !ock new and- old frock or suit can be changed into a one by a sixpenny package of Diamond Dyes,. which are made for home use. The method easy, the result permanent. Sold everywhere„ A dainty book, " Succetaut Home Dyeing," and 45 samples of disi cloth, sent free. Adds, DIAMOND DYES, 31 & 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

In New York watPc tone at 212fieg. Fahr. ; in, tho Himalayas, 18,000 ft. above sea-level, it tj is at 180degs.

C RICKET.

eIItICKETNR3 BUMF:Y.9 Demon Driver Bats are t grandest made. BUSSEY.B New Match Balls retain their shape, and I,st longer than any other. BUMEY.3 Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Buss Elea Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. Buss Er's Bags are made to wear. BUMF:Y.9 Diary and Companion Is a Gem for 64 Apply for BUSS,,:y's Catalogue from Lo;a1 Sports Outfitters, or 36 and 33 Queen Vit.toria-street, London. Factories, Peckham, London ; and Hpuswell. Suflo'k.—Aslvt. 4

WARRINGTIN V. LIvERPIOL (151. BLEVENI).—On the Arplev Cricket Groun ion Saturday W trrington won their first match tie semon when their opponeats were Liverpool. Seoreaud Fowling analysis :

wAIIRINGTON. F Edmondson lbw b Smith 0 J Callon b Oldkaow ...... 24 W Hilton c Podmore b E Connor st Hampshire b Bibby lO Stoidart N Barlow b Smith.. R F Ould c Smith b Bibby 10 Dr R Smith c and b Geed- Goodwin b Smith 2 win 0 A. i•rrtes b Smith . 5 SW' Bibby b Oldknow 5 D B Nott o Connor b G Harnpson c Hilton b Smith Oldknow o Silcock b L A Voisey c Hampshire b Thewlis 5 Hilton Roper b Thewlis ..... 6 W M Siloock c Nott b Old- GAt Hampshire b Smith 5 know W B Stoddart not out 0 G Clarke c Nott h Good- win 2O W H Podmore not on, 5 J B Morgan b Goodwin Extras

COMFORT, irk

-4-4. , e ( yel:r c , • I ttai °IC . .1 . 1 \\_.\ , , : , -= '''' 1„ - t.---- ) •<'its neat. An - new

===== 0002601_18980610_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
I

#

I

I

I

" •.

I

gave

4 r> •

. : e

V, -I

ti

-,1,,,,;,,,i 1.. "4'f.1., I. 6: , 6 , k ~ ~, ~ 6 „6, 6,6 '. ; ~ , . f - :, i,'; • .' v' 1 e .fl.:

===== 0002601_18980610_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11

i

,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

P

===== 0002601_18980610_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
P, k A , tt

TIM EXAMINER FRIDAY, 'VINE 10. 1898

G NZRAL NEWS.

It is reported from Paris that Baron Rothschild has de eided to give tto money won on the Grand Prix oa Bund ay to the Paris poor.

A North i)ea codfisher conies a set of lines 7.200 fathoms in length, and having the amazing nutan-r of 4,6}50 hooks, each ot which must he baited.

The new island which has risen near the north-west of Borneo. opposite Labnan, is about 200 yards long and 150 yards wide, and of clayey earth and rock. Ibsen has just declared that in his opinion "women will .colve the question of mankind, but flier must do so as ~thsrs. Herein lies the great task of women." The construction of the line which Is to be made by th ‘—at Western ttailway of Tasmania, connecting Hobart with nount Lyell mines. hd been begun. The \fining Warden of the Kalgo wile district in Western Australia reports the disco-tery of asbestos in what appears to bs paying quantity near Feysville. The deposit is to be de- veloped. The Colonial Office has rennived a telegram from which it ' appesra that during last week there were 63 eases of plague at Hong Kong, and 63 deaths from plague during the Barns period.

A copy of Tennyson's "A V7elc .me" (to the Duchess of Edinburgh), a few copies of which were printed privstelv in 1874 for presentation only, has just been sold in a New York auction room for £34. . _

The London and North-Western Rail way Company announce their willingness to carry re„iments of Volnnteers on any Saturd ly thronzhout the year except the one preced- ing the August Bank noliday. As the result of an inquest held in London on the body of Major. General John JoHus Johnson, who shot himself at his residence in Regent's Park. a verdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind " wee returned. The Portuguese House of Peers on Saturcis, definitively voted the project for i railway from Quill rnane to Ruo, on the frontier of British Central Africa. The new railway will serve the Lake Nyassa district

The Fourth of June Celebration took place at Eton College rn Saturday. and included the " speeches," a cricket match, and a proeession of boats. The Pr )yost entertained a distin- guished company of guests at luncheon. On Monday, while driving throogh the Boulevards, Paris, Madame Severnie's cerriage was followed by a gang of roaghs, one of whom fired a revo'yer at the well-known lady joarnalist. Fortunately, the fellow missed his aim. Finer Findlater hes declined the situation offered him by the Q teen He is announced to have accented an engage- ment in America at £lO.O a week. He states that the Duke of Fife intervened in his performances at the Alh umbra. An immense crowd asternblei in Hyde Park on Sunday to take part in a Gladstone Memorial Service. A correspondent estimates the number present at about 73,0)0. It was by general consent the most orderly concourse ever seen in the Park.

Richard Lee. 19, labourer. of Atherton's Farm. Leigh, died at Wigin Infirmary on Monday morning from terrible injuries snot tined at a West Leigh fel-miry. He woe working a crane, when the handle caught him on the he 44, smashing his skull. Although the United States are very large marturacturers of bicycles, still during the past year the Imoortation of this class of good; amounted to. £36,883 front Austria-l-fungarv, and the United kingdom sent to the Statm bicycles and parts valuel at £18,251.

Lord woleeley. through his private secretary, in acknow- ledging the letter of a Manchester correspondent. says that he " sympathises with the desire for a closer union between Bngland and the United States " The statement is published with his Lordship's concurrence. k(France) renorts that Baron de Beaumont. of seventy-seven years, who lives in telegram gf rAnnt e m Bnieß r Ic an isolated chat.au with only an Old female servant. shot dead a burglar who broke into the house on Sunday, and was caught in the act of stowing away the p late. A disturhanee took place on Monday at Belfast. Some 5,000 Nationalists, talcin4 part in a '9B celebration, marched in professional order through the city. The Orange party mustered in fore and threw stones at the police who were on duty to maintain order. iniuring several of them. The peranectoscone is a new A.-net-lean instr,,rn ent for giv- ing a single photographic pieture the armearance of solidity as if seen in a stereoscope It is an arrangement of lenses and a pair of mirrors •et at an angel such that the image of the picture is reflected Into both eyes The picture is at right angles to the eye-glasses. Herr Melander finds that the number or dust particles in the air increases with its dryness, and that there I' usually a minimum in the afternoon, Land winds carry more dust then sea winds. Win ts blowing out of an anticyclone or down from the mountains are very dusty. Products of com- bustion furnish a portion of dust to the air.

_ ' The Castle Steam Pari`et Cornpany contemplates (save the " Engineer ") withdrawing its steamers from the Manages car. trade Since the annexation of the Island by prince British trade has ben graduagy declining, owing to the• high differential duties imposed on foreign goods aid the Castle Company has come to the conclusion that It Is no longer worth sending stetmer, to Marlaglocar. An interesting antiquarian discovery has been made in the small &tun% of Radaulta in the Bucovina. It consists of rich tapeoiry embroidered in gold reoresentink: the death of Christ. It', In a wonderful state of nresery ',Hon. and the inscription is perfectly legible. It states that "This tapestry WM the gift of kle-and,r the Good, Prince of Moldavia, who, In 1499, built this church at his own expense." Alfred Bullock. mon of lohn Bullock, draper, Market Place. Macclesfield died in Macclesfield Infirmary on Sunday night Isom the effect of a bicycle accident Bullock was riding down Cestor Bridge. Rainow, when he loot control of his machine. He went down the steep hill at groat 'peel, was unable to turn the come-, and dashed into the kerbstone. He fell ov-r the handle bars on to his head, and fractured his skull.

A fatal accident was reported to the Cheshire Coroner on Monday as having occurred on Saturday evening close to Brarnhall Hall, jast outs'de Stockpoet. A lurryman named Wood, of Stockport. was driving out n pleasure party on his lurry to celebrate the seventy-fourth birthday of his mother. who was present. The horse took fright going down the hill near the Trail the shaft broke and Wood was thrown off the la rry and killed. The kee lIPaR of Mr Gladstone's collecting eye even in old age may he inferred, says the "Athenzeurn.” from a story told us by a bookseller in Brighton. On one of his last yislts.Mr. Gladstone nail a visit t) nor informant, and too's up a nice book in an o!4 }french binding. "What's this ?The said "Oh is a book from the library of Catherine de " But there's no fleur-de-Ils in the top lozenge," retorted Mr. Glad- stone, without a second glance at it. Two shocking railway fatalities were on Tuesday reported in the North of Ireland. In one ease a man named Nl'Dor- molt, head porter at Cavan Watlon, on the Midland Great Western Railway, was run over and kilio I while crossing the line. In the other case a compositor named M'Cabe atternp- teil.to leave the night na.il from Dublin at Drogheda Station while the train was In motion. Re was crushed to death be- tween the train and the station platform. Thomas W. G. Thomas. until recently manager of the Pentre branch e the Metropolitan Bank, was charged st, the Rhondda Police Court on Monday with embezzling £l,lOO and also with falsifying the books of the hank. It was stated that the money IR question was deposited by the Cambrian Miners' Association but when they required it their cheques were dishonourei. the items not boing entered in the bank books. although they were in the treasurer's deposit-book. The accused was remanded.

The " Wettminster Gazette " puts in a convenient form the compailson between Liberal and Tory expenditure for the last Mx years. It is as follows

Liberal 1892-3 ... £99 751,900 } Liberal overnment. 1891-4 ... 299.250,000 average. Ci _

, 1895-3 ...£101,750.000 £100,25-0.003 Tory 1893-8 ...£ 07,250,000 Tory G ove rnment. 189 F-7 ...£111,501,cr0 oversee. 1887-8 ..£117,000,00) £ll2 000.000.

The polype is one of the most remarkable creatures known . If cut transversely or longitudinally into several parts each will become a perfect animal. The naturalist Trembly turned them inside out and yet they ate and seemed to enjoy them- selves as much as ever. He slit two longitudinally, placed the halves together and united them into two new animals ; he divided two transversely and crested one with two heads; he pushed ens down the throat of another, a third down the throat of the second and this formed a creature with three heads.

On Sunday morning. as !)river Franks we taking the first train from Shoeburyness to Southend. he noticed a gentle- man walking along the line. When the train was nearly upon tim, the gentleman, with head erect and looking straight at, the engine, coolly stepped on the track, and the wh-de train pissed over him. The body, which was terribly mangled, was suhs,•quently identified as that of William Henry Fisher. 2, Oxford-terrace. Southend-on-Sea, a com- mercial traveller, and on the staff of the trade journal Timber."

The largest fireproof Curtain yet constructed for a theatre hasjust been fitted at Drury-lane by Merryweather and Sons. It measures 421 t by 30ft. 61n., and is suspended by steel wire ropes running over pulleys fixed above the proscenium open- ing, counterbalance weights being provided so that it can be easily raised or lowered by one man. Should the wire ropes break through fire or accident, the curtain which is entirely of iron and asbestos, and weighs several tons, is prevented from falling suddenly by means ot a pair of pneumatic cylin• dere. which check tin descent. Gladstone and Disraeli will henceforth stand opposite in the Abbey as they were rivals in Parliament, and this tins,' and parr/lament propinquity but points and preserves the piquancy of the eontrist between their characters and careers Gladstone published " Juventus Mundt " In 1869, and in 1870 appeared Disraeli's " Lothair." The two authors were both at the larsig'it of their political rivalry and renown, and John Tenniel put them together in a cartoon as critics of each others books— as "critics who had not exaetly failed in literature and art " Gladstone's criticism ofi "fothalr " Is " Flippant and Disraeli's on " Juventus Mundt," "Ha I Prosy." The Fairfield Shipbuilding Company ,Glasgow, successfully launched on Saturday the second-class cruiser Hightlyer for the British Government. The vessel is an improvement on the Juno class, and having engines of 10,000 horse power her speed will be twenty knots. Tile Hight! ver is of 5,600 tons displacement, and is suecially constructed for long for- eign cruises. She is built throughout with Siemens steel,and has a cellular bottom extending the full length of the engine - room and boiler space The cruiser has also a powerful ram, and is fitted with a bilge keel to secuna steadiness in firing, Belleville boilers are used, and two sets of triple expansion_ enoines hove been placed on board. The length of the High flyer is 350 ft by 54. Her armament consists of eleven 6in. guns, eight 12-pounders, Maxims, and submerged tarpedo nty,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
I •(k

... 1 0 Co cc). .4 ;

rog(o

I,

Is Is

===== 0002601_18980610_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
a e 1 s--- • ---rr.7-",,..—........."............hw' wirAge n',,(ftt

Sr. EteßlN's Y MOIRE.—This mat-iii was played at D tlton Bank on ,laturday, and resulted In a win for the Saints by 46 runs. Riley took six wi,Aets for two runs. Score : HT. ELPRIN.S. MOORE. Jones b Foster Norman b Foster Riley not out 23 Condiiffs c Hayes b Barnes 1 T Barnes b Paster Mortimer b Poster 0 Banner b Riley Whittaker b Taylor Mounfteld run out 2 Antrobus 0 Neway b Riley 0 Hayes Is Banner 0 Kilshaw b Jones... 1 Taylor b Foster 2 Webb c Mortimer b Jones 0 J Barnes o T tylor b H Johnson not on t.... ..... 0 Poster 6 Other b Riley 0 Newoy b Banner Extras

Total 66

Total

WARRIYGTON RD iI'S V BENV•3EY Witxr STAB—This match was played on the Irround of the former on Saturday and r.gulted la a win for the home.ters by 33 runs to 16. Lea took 6 wickets for 3 runs for the winners. SANKEY WF.SLEVANS V. PANKETH WESEVINS. —Played at Lovely-lane on Saturday. and won by Sankey. Watkins took 13,,ven wickets for ten runs. Scare :

S&NKEY 13iTDCIE1 PENKETH. Taylor b Singleton 33 Seed b Watkins 1 Booth b Bowyer Upson 13 Bowyer 0 Bowyer c and b Watkins 8 Bennett not out Morrell run out Watkins run out 7 Dumhell run out 1 Cotterlll rue out . 3 Pusill h Taylor 0 ,

, - Highley c and b Barlow ... 3 White b Watkins 5 Pemberton b Bowyer Gorat c and b Dumbell 3 Cocarane absent Extras . . 1 Extras 2

Total B7 Total LaTnneoan BAPTIST v. HATTON.— Plqyed at Hatton on Saturday, and resolte i in ut easy vi tory for Latchford by 52 runs. For Latehforl J. Hallam toolc tive wickets for eight runs, and W. 'Hallam four wickets for seven runs. Score : LLTCHFORD. HATTON. J Hallam b Cobbett ...... . 12 Cobbatt b W Hallam 4 Albinson c Hatton b Cob- Dunn b J Hallam b-tt 7 Erotdy b W Hallam ...... 1 Buckley b Cobbett 6 Roberts b W Hadam W Hsllam c and b BroAlY 8 W Hatton b J Hallam 1 Hunt b Hatton 7 Unsworth c Buriess b Jones c Ford b W Hallam 2 Broady Ford e Burgess b Dunn— 9 Docley b J Hallam 1 W Unswcrth a Roberts 1) Burgess b J Hallam 6 Hatton . 0 F Hatton not 0ut.... S Unsworth b Cobbett 4 Newton b Dunn 4 Fairhurst not out 2 Extras 8 Extras

Total S &NEE!' WIRE Nar.r..3 v WIDNES WHITE 1108E.—Playect on Saturday on the ground ot the former, and resulted in a wi a for the home club by 28 runs. Score:— WIRE STILLS. WRITE ROSE. Williams c Martindale b Martindale is Evans b T Barber Wciodeock b T Barber 5 Nester lbw b Llewellyn... 4 Evans 0 Martindale b Wiloork b Hobson 0 Davenport 9 Anderson lo Llewellyn ... 0 Marshall b T Barber Clarke b Davenptrt Lavin run out tiouzh b T Barber Cook c and b Dzvenport ... 2 J Barber e Marshall b Llewellyn b Davenport 0 Llewellyn Simpson not out Hobson b T Barber 5 Seddon not out 3 F Barber b Hobson Extras 2 Extras _

Totol 5l Total RUNColn' P 1.111911 CHURCH C.C. V WA.IIBENGTON ST. —The. Perish team journeyed to Warrington on Saturday to Ploy their return fixture with St. Ann's. Bell favour,cl by the spin of the coin deoldsi to put the St. Ann's in to bat. St. Ann's made abed start, nine of their wickets falling for 21 runs, but thelost man altered this state of affairs altogether for by hitting out at everything he and his colleague soon carried the score to 46 before being dismissed. The Parish were unable to reach this score although some of the team showed cool form, being decidedly unlucky. Next week they meet the Runcorn Juniors on the Parish ground, which so great event h.tween th.: two teams, generally malting n a close Rot exciting finish. Scores : ST. ANIC'B. PIIII/DX CHURCH. Spencer h marsh 3 Done b Hassall 1 Hassell e Walker b Bell ... 1 Bell lbw b Bennett 1 Stanley b Bell . 0 Walker h Hassoll 4 A Poole h Belt Morris c Marsh b Bell B.nnett b Marsh 4 Marsh b Hassal I Downie not out Biker b Bell ...... .. ..... 0 Hilton b Hassell (foyer a Done b Bell ...... 0 Bridges lbw b Bennett 5 Addison b Bell 0 (darks b Bennett 0 J Poole h Bell Rxtras 3 Bxtras

Total 46 Total 22 SART,Turrowx • Sr. HELENS. —Play d at Earlestown on Saturday. S,ore

_ EARLESTOWN. BT. IIELENS. G Husband is Simm l4 Cimm b Clare.... ........ ... 0 T Marsh b FiElston H Foreman b Flhiston F P Clare b Porter . 9 wood W H Crow here Westhead Westhead a an 4 b Clare— 13 porter 23 Bate() Butler la Clare ...... 6 W Tenicinson a Westhead b Fox c Mitchell b Hipwood 1 Porter... 7 May a Jeakinson b Clare 20 WHatten °and b Filliston 5 Hewitt not out F Butler b Filllston 2 Glover not out j siasum 0 and b Weithead 1 Turner and G Porter did C Hipwood lbw b Westhead 0 bat T Mitchsll not out 0 Extras lO Extras .................. 10

Total Bl Total for 7 wkts 125 TURLESTOWN 2:ID V. ST. HEI.EN3 2ND.—Played at St. Helens on Saturday. Score :

EARL ',MOWN. ST. HELENS. J Wainwright o Crompton Shaw b Harrison.... ..... 1 t, Waring . 2 Smith run out HDaviealc Rudd b Crompton 6 Jmieoh Si mm c Wain- F Heade run out 1 wright b Harrison 7 Burrell b Waring ......... 2 Waring a and b Harrison 7 A Limond a Siam b Marsden a Wainwright Crompton J Sand-rs lbw b Waring ... 13 Crompton b Harrison 8 R Robinson a Ford b Newton not out Crompton 0 3 H Simm a Limond b 0 Hill In Waring . G Greenall a Bingham b Bingham a Resole b Crompton 3 HAlton not, out._ 3 It Ford In Hatton 0 W Harrison b Niring 0 Rudd b Harrison . 1 Extras 3 Extras

_ Total 8 3

Total .. ....... 40

- - RUNCORN V PRESCOV.—ONVIRZ to the wretched state of the wicket. at Runcorn, on Saturday, consequent on the wet weather which has been experienced during the past month, good cricket was entirely out of the question, hence neither of the opposin. tag rns were seen to any advantage. Presc)tt first handled the willow, facing the bowling of Abrams and Burrows. Birohall and Preston made an unconsfortAble shoW and Abrams (who bowled well throughout the match) soon captured the first two wickets before five had been recorded. The next two, W. B. Blxter and Preseott, made a fair stand. though nee,. really at o‘Bo. owing to the ball kicking in a wretched tnnnner,but before the third wicket fell the position of the visitors was considerably improved. At 25. however. a rot set in and two wickets were captured at that figure and two others when 26 was reached. Hventually the visitors were all despatihed for 45 runs;all except one being made off the bat.—Runcorn sent H. Roans and W. Wilding to face Seddon and Wilding, but both batsmen were soon engaged in ruhbiog their legs and sides as the ball continually bobbed ue at tke most awkward of times, with no little danger to the players; so, it was not arrpeising when Beans Was caught off a ball that might well have been left alone. 3 Benn part- nered Wilding and a short stand was made. Wilding, how- I ever, guided an awkward one on to his wickets, just when he was about setting. Disaster followed disaster and Runcorn entered into the humour of the procession in fine style : eight. wickets falling for something like 25 and nine for 28 Benn, who had been playing carefully. was then joined by Bowles last man, and there is 'IMF, doubt but that these two would have stayed off defeat, but for an unfortunate mistake—Benn be- ing run out whilst attempting to " steal " a close run. None of the bowlers excelled themselves and with the exception of Abrams. Of the:::batsmen, the Presort men were about on a level, the ground being de^idedly against them and making them anything but comfortable. Whilst for the home team Bowles rnd Henn showed the best form and played a useful if mit a stylish innings. The fol- lowing were the scores : PRESCIT. RUNCORN. R Birchall b Abrams ...... 2 H Evans 0 Preston b J P Preston c& b Abrams 1 Seddon 3 Wlt Mater b Evans l2 Ne Wilding b Houlden 2 O Prescott st Booth b 3 Benn run out l4 Abrams lO W Heath c and b Holden 1 T Seddon c Booth b Evans 2 5 Cross o Preston b W t Holden b Abrfsms 1-1 Allen c and b Abrams 0 S Booth c Belles b P Davies c 0 Burrows b Houlden I Abrams 1 S Abrams c Seddon b Bic- B Scales e Wilding b chall Abr .tris 5 W Johnson lbw b Houlden 0 J Rogers not out G H Prescott b C Burrows 4 F Borrows c Bixter b Bir-

J Howles not out xtras

TotAl

Tot.ll

===== 0002601_18980610_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 4B Total lO5 BOWLING ANALYSIS. 'ARRINGTON.

0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Dr Smit'o l5 8 15 6 W B Stoddart... 12 0 44 1 J W Bibby l2 2 24 2 Goodwin 11.2 3 29 4 Twlis 2l 0 3 2 Olknow l2 6 11 4 W Hilton

;IPOOL.

LIVP:R^OOL 2ND V WARRINGTON 2ND.—This match was played it Aigburth on Saturday and resulted. In a draw. Score : 'ERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON. Adamson b Waring Croropten e Ashcroft b nomads st Duckworth b

Waring Si'cock net eat 6O Clayton a 6i150.3k b B Pierpeint e ansdacre b Crompton Waring Roberts a Ash.ratt b War- Si!cock ing Duckworth 0 Clayton b Plerpoint Waring Porter b Vosper 4 Tosper st Duckworth b It Pierpoint run out 32 Silcock ... 5 Kiricoonnel a Clayton b . Jones not out 8 _

Goodacre Rowson lbw Roberti 2

Itichardson b Ashcroft 4 Extras 9 Extras 1

Total 145 Total 95 CELESHIRELtnIIIOI,TZER.9 Y. PADGATE.—At Paizate on Saturday. Score :

ENGIN OEM. PADOATE. Irvine at Howard 1.) Walker la Whitham ...... Hutnhi ns

Hackett b Monks Duo < worth b Monks 2 Boyd 0 Duckworth b Brown b alworth P Lawless run out li S Howard <3 Nevins b Nevins hit wicker b Monks 0 Duckworth 0 Joseph Genders b Walker... 2 Monks 0 Duckworth b Siddall st Howard b Monks 6 Lawless Whithavu 13 Monks 6 Taylor b Duckworth J Lawless b Walker John Genders not out Dooley b Whitham 0 W Howard b Duckworth 1 Extras 2 Extras

Total 55 Total OILESHIRI LINE 3 BNOINERRS IND Y. ORFORD BARR&CL9.— At Satteraby-lane on Saturday. Score : ENGINEERS.

BARRACKS S Price run out WaDace b Robinson Brennan run out Stiner c Gleave b Robinson 5 MOW° b Wallace 3 P Hugh b Robinson

Towers c Robinson b Brown 1. Prawn b Millar... 1 Buttarey c Gl-ave b Brown 1 Ho!croft o Buttsrey b Welsby b Robins.in 0 Millar roy stp Forster b Brown ... 3 Forster b MI llor J Price not out 1 Massey b Millar ..... 0 Barnett b Robinson 0 Johnstone b Millar 0 Cross (sub) c Brennan b Millar Meachin (sub) not out Extras 3 Extras .. 1

Total 27 Total WdßlCilfd 3.lxnes ALMON 187 V. P.I.D3LrE 2s/D —Played at Aspley ou Saturday. Ssore : MIssIOSt. PI.DGATE. Edwards U W Monks 0 T Smith b Tilling 4 Williams c Parsonage b J Turner c Williams b Till Smith Harding c Jim Smith b J J Smith 0 Williams b Smith Bite b Turner 0 Granger ra Monks b Hass Metall a Jim Smith b J sail Smith Dale b Turner 1 Hass di 2 Haugh b Turner 5 Jim Smltn o Edwards b Tilling b Turner... .... 3.lanks run out 0 W Monks c Williams b Oxley not out Baguley 0 Parsonage b Rigby b Oxley Turner Parsonage not oat 4 1 A Monks run out 0 , 1 Extras 3 Extras 2

Total WORMS° T's MPSION 21D BLEIRS V. MOORE 2ND ELEVEN.—P ayed atMeor on Saturday in splendid weather. Score : 'Mission. 24 ; tloore 23. ST. JAMEI'S C.0.17.6E81.78 B EWSEr WFSLEYIN C.C.—Played on the grows(' of the latter on Saturday. Score : __ _ _

41' JAME; Newton b Ratcli 3;l4'aS .1" W—ES-L-E"i" ffe_ 2 Dixon lbw b Patrick 23 Patrick is Bail b Ratcliffe— 0 4-heehaw' bWinstanley 3 Bate 011 Sinclair b T Inca 1 T Inca b Gorst 7 Scott b Ratcliffe . 0 Wildman b Winstanlev .7 Gorst b T Ines 3 Ratcliffe a Hughes b Win- Lester at Grimshaw b Rat- stanley .......... ." ........... 5 Min 35 Whitehouse b Lester 3 Winstomley b T Ince 0 Finnigan o Patrick b Endow b Ratcliffe Knight b Dixon 5 Jolley b Patrice ............... 4 Huzhes not out Hough o Ince b Ratcliffe— 1 P Sinclair b PittriCk ...... 1 H Sinclair not out ............ 2 Extras 3 Extras .................. 1

Fetal 52 Total ............ 59 D 1093 BOZIC WESLEYANS (WIDNES) V. BUCKLEY-STREET BLINDLY SCII`ML (WARRINGTO:I).—PIayed on Saturday at Widnes. Score -- WESLEYANS. BUCKLEY-STREET. Hodglcla b Lee.th 0 Heald b Caliand ............ 0 Stanley b Appleton 7 Kimberley et Pilling b Wright b Appleton Galamore b Appleton st Pilling b Calland b Appleton 2 Daniels ..................... 3 Pilling run out 2 Galamore 1 Haddock c Lightfoot b Rice b Leech 1 Lightloot not out 0 J Leech c and b Daniels 0 Daniels b Appleton 0 Gelder3 b Daniels ......... 2 Boyle 0 Haddock b Leech 1 Pugh not out ................ 7 King b Appleton„. 0 Houghton c star( b Daniels 0 F Leech c Stanley b Daniels .................... 0 Hatton run out ............ 3 H Leech c Calland b Galamore .................. 0 EZtras 0 Extras ............... 3

Total 23 Total ARPLET 2ND ELEVEN V PE:BETH FRIENDS' SCHoOL.—A.t Penketh on Saturday. Pimketh batted first, but were Out for the poor total of 14. Arplev's essay totalled 17. As the first innings was over by 4.15 it was decided to have a second. Penketh's second innings reached 6. Arpley only wanted four to win, and these were scored for the loss of one wicket Jewkes for Arpley took nine wickets for nine runs and Roberts nlne wickets for ten runs. Score : —drpley, 17 and 41 ; Penketh, 14 and 6. aIXILIIIEAD AND TILLAW V. RAILWAY SE/IVA/fi9.—Th{B match, in aid of the Railway Servants Orphan Fund, was played at Cadishead on Saturday, The visitors' score totalled 43 to which Codishead retponded with 95 for three wickets, Bell being credited with 45 not out. LATCHFORD BAPTIST V. CO OPERLTIVP. STaßES.—Played on the Stores ground on Tuesd y Score : Latchl'ord Bap- ! tied, 56 runs ; Cooperative Stores, 1.0 runs. J Buckley batted well for the Baptists, scaring 21 not out. A Albinmn, S Jenkins. and W Hallam also batted well. J Hallam teak for,r wickets for two runs, and J Wilkinson sin wickets for seven runs. Rowbisttom sere I six runs for the Stores. SANKEY GREEN OC. V THEWLIS-STREET. This match Was Played on the ground of the former on Monday night and re- sulted in a win for the homesters by 23 runs. Score : Sankey Geeen, 74 ; Thewlis-street, 51. H Gerrard batted well for the winners and A Weays for the lo‘ers.

1101IRDS, ANIMALS AND FISEI STUFFED, AND 1-0 mounted In Glass Oases Any design. READS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fin, Screens. Deale in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Sins. Butterflies, Bin, Eggs. Glass sh,,des. Staqt.' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, NAs and all requ!sites for Batterfly Ind Egg Collectors,—B. CoaKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw -street,l:Lirefpnl Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOL HOLIDAYS AT WARRINU TON.

RUPTURE IN TEIE ARRANGEMENTS.

Having heard a rumour that the arrangement come to at the meeting of managers and teachers With reference to a uniform holiday for the elemen- tary day school scholars was likely to fall through, a representative of the " Examiner " called upon Councillor Shaw-Green, the Chairman of the School Attendance Committee, to ask if there was any troth in it. Mr. Shaw-Green said that neither he nor any member of the Committee had had any communication of an official character with reference to it, but the R. Father Wilson had called upon him and informed him that he had re- ceived a communication from the Rector of War- rington asking him to agree to an alteration of the date agreed upon at the meeting. Father Wilson informed Mr Shaw Green that he and his conferers had determined to stick to the date arranged at the meeting for the commencement of the summer holidays. viz. : July 15th. We understand, on re- liable authority, that it is proposed to commeace the holidays in the Church of England schools on the day before Walking Day and continue until the day after August Bank holiday. This will mean that these schools will be closed for 41 weeks. The arrangement made at the meeting in the Town Hall a month ago was that the holidays should uni- formly commence on the 15th of July.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEA.TH PAROOHIAL COMMITTEE.

meeting of the above committee was held at the National Schools,Slockton Heath,on Thursday last week. There were present Mr. James Davenport (chairman), and Messrs. Pilling, Pearson, Clarke, Knowles. Ashton Hayes, Mclntyre. and J. Weir, with Mr. John Ashton (clerk), and Mr. Swinton (surveyor.)

===== 0002601_18980610_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TRU REMOVAL OF NIGHT SOIL.

One of the members said the night soil was not being removed till 9 or 10 o'clock in the morning.—The Chair. man remarked that many compaints bad been made and it was a very common occurence for the night soil not to be removed until that time. _ _ _

After some discussion it was moved and seconded that the Clerk should write to the contractor Mr. New- ton, and let him know that the night soil was not being removed at the time specified.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TKZ _BATHS OF STOCHTON MUTH.

The Clerk said he had received the following letter from Mr. F. Pearson :—Dear sir,—" The borough rate of Stockton Heath is getting so high that there is a igeneral desire to know how it is arrived at. At the next I regular parochial meeting I shall be glad if you will be prepared to tell me how the figures are arrived at. The Clerk's reply was as follows : The calls for Stock- ton Heath for the present half-year are as follows : Poor rate, £B4 ; county rate, £8; district rate sanitary ex- penses, £23 ; highway exp rises, £l3l ; Parish Council, £4O ; voter's list,ete., £3O ; total, £3Bl. It was estim- ated the rate would make £425, which would leave a balance at the end of the year of £44. The assessable value of Stockton Heath at Lady Day was £8,611 10s., and you will therefore see that the calls reads upon tha parish only ansount to a very little over 111, in the £. The calls made upon Walton Inferior amounted in all to £159, and the assessable value to £3,571 10i. being just under 11d. in the £. The call made upon the parish of Runcorn Union was only (includinc county rate)£l,634. The assessable value was £5,477 Bs. It all there- fore amounted to just over 7d. in the Z. You may therefore see that if the rates have been increased in the parish it was not through any increased call made by the Guardians or the Rural District Council. I rather think the true reason is that the balance in the hands of the Overseers had got down to vanishing point, and the new Assistant Overseer is trying to repair it. lam 1 writing to the Assistant Overseer for a copy of his de- mand note, and I will lay full particulars before the Parish Council at their next inee' ing. If you require any further information I shall he glad to furnish it. You will of course notice that I have not included the special sanitary call in the foregoing particulars, This I presume you did not require, as it is a special charge on the Parish and is not included in the same demand. —Yours truly, John Ashten (clerk).

===== 0002601_18980610_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TIME OF MEETING.

Mr. Ashton Hayes said that at the last meeting he pro- posed that the meetings should be held in future at a quarter to six, as it seemed to suit the majority. He nroposed as an amendment that the meeting be held at 6 o'clock. Mr. Pilling seconded and the motion was carried. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
INEXPLICABLE INCAPACITY.

SIR CHARLES DILIKE CONDENINS TORY POLICY. Sir Robert Reid, Q.C., M.P., as president of the Dearl Forest Liberal Association, gave his address on Thursday last week at CinderforcLand dealt with foreign affairs. Sir Charles Dilke. M.P., moved the vote of thanks, which was seconded by Sir William Wedderburn, 01. P. Sir Charles Dilke, criticising the annual report of the association, which discussed the Liberal leadership, said that a baseless paragraph had suggested that he was tak- iny part in such discussions His own attitude in July 1901 would be the same as it had been in 1874, when the question had arisen on Mr. Gladstone's first retirement. In 1880, when it had been desired to sobsti- tote Mr. Gladstone for Lord Hartington, and in 1894,0 n Mr. Gladstene's final retirement, he, as a Radical, took no part in the choice,and gave in home affairs a general support to the person chosen so long and so far as he pursued a Radical policy. As regards Army reform and the sufficiency of our fleets, he had a policy of his own. In foreign affairs he was always prepared to support the national policy apart from party ties,but it must be con- sistent and firm in order to be peaceful. The late Cabinet had made one curious and unexplained blunder in their Congo Convention, but the present Government had committed every blunder that lay open to them. A great merchant had written to him that day : " Why not have sold out the whole stock-in-trade and goodwill of the British Empire before both had be- come too badly depreciated ?" In 1895 he had hoped to be able to support the Salisbury Ad minis- tration in foreign affairs, as in Army reform, but they had displayed inexplicable incapacity at every point. If they were yielding everywhere, why in their speeches did they frighten us to death? That they did not mean business was clear when they reduced the tobacco duty instead of building ships. Their conduct of foreign affairs was universally condemned, and their military policy only needed to be as widely understood to stand subject as a general a censure, while in Army matters they had failed to use an opportunity which might never return. It was now certain that they would be in a minority in July 1901, but if Liberals did not think out in advance the problems which would then confront them, they would not be able to use their chances.

THROAT IRRITATIoN AND CouGH.—Soreness and dryness, tickling and Irritation, inducing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps's Glycerine Jujubes. In contact With the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only in tins, Md. and ls.lid., labelled, "JAMES EPPs & Co.. Limited, Homoeo- pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, In his woi k on " Nose and Throat Diseases." Says: " The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Bpps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary, Writes : " After an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of con4derable benefit in almost all forms of tht oat disease. '--41dv1.

CHEMICAL WORKS IN LANCASHIRE The report of the chief inspector of alkali, &c., works was issued last Thursday. Altogether there are 1,058 registered works in England, Ireland, and Wales, or 16 fewer than in the preceding year. The visits pail by the inspectors numbered 4,116, and the number of testS made by them was 4,562. The only prosecution under- taken in Lancashire was against a Miles Platting firm, who, for failing to use the best means for preventing escape of noxious gases in the manufacture of nitric acid, were fined £2O. The old qtestion of nuis• ancys around Widnes and St. Helens is again ' revived, the chief inspector remarking that complaints of nuisances arising, from the old deposits of alkali waste are received from time to time, these complaints chiefly relating to the drainage or these heaps at Widnes, and to the sewers to the tidal estuary of the Mersey, while but little improvement is to no noted in the condition of Sankey Brook. The operations at the large works of the Castner-Kellner Company at Runcorn are specially mentioned. The in- spector general says it was not found posAble to induce the men to work the chambers as they are worked in Germany, the men professing that it was necessary to get into the chambers—which were only three feet high —on their hands and knees, to get out the bleach, and clean out the corners. Eventually the chambers were rebuilt, and raised to the normal height of 6ft. 61n. The inspector mentions that an excellent precaution- ary measure is adopted by the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company, " who desire to show that in this special chemical operation they could provide that their work people should not suffer in any degree,and who, Mr. W. Mather informs me, have ehgageci the professional ser- vices of a local doctor, who attends the works regularly' to look at the workpeople and the conditions under which they labour, and who is obliged to communicate with the firm in writing every fortnight his opinion as to whether in every detail the people are working under conditions which are in no way injurious to health. Thiel is of special importance, seeing that in the cell roons considerable quantities of mercury are regularly in the charge of the cell attendants, and no evil effects have been observed."

===== 0002601_18980610_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HYDE CASE.

THREE TIMES REPORTED DEAD. A CORRESPONDENT of the" Ashton Reporter " was der puted quite recently by the editor of his journal to in- vestigate a case at Hyde, Cheshire, the circumstances Of which gave promise of much interest. He proceeded to 83, Manchester-road, Hyde, and entering the shop, en• quired for Mr. Edward Wood. A hearty "Good morn. ing " attracted his attention to a sturdy old gentieman standing by the counter. "You are surely not Mr. Edward Wood, who ha. recently had a severe attack of paralysis r' "I am," be replied," though you're not the fire that's been surprised." And this, in his own intelligent words, is the story thB old gentleman then related :

I

" I was 75 years of age last August. Per some years when living at Rochdale, I suffered from sciatica, and doctors attonded me, but I became worse instead of better. In despair I ceased to take their physic. when a young man advised me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I did so, and soon began to feel better•—• in fact, after taking five boxes I threw my sticks awaY• and pronounced myself cured. I fairly danced:with jel for I was able to get back to my work after having beea laid up helpless for months. We then removed to Hyde, and my health kept good until November last, when I had a stroke of paralysis. which rendered my limbs useless. I lay like a log in bed for ovnr a month, and the physic I took gave me no re- lief. I felt myself gradually sinkidg,when my wife said : "We'll try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills again." She got a box and in legs than a fortnight I felt much stronger, while after a month had elapsed I was ahle to get out of bed and use my limbs. A. day or so -later I came downstairs and got about the house. That was the result of seven boxes. Since then I have been able to walk up to the barber's, and I help in the shop again now. I regard my cure as miraculous, for I never expected to come downstairs again. Why, it was reported three times that I was dead." "But tell me this. Are you firmly convinced that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved your life?" " I am," the old man replied," as surely as I believe soy name to he Edward Wood. Truly Mr. Wood's recovery seems like s miracle, but it is a miracle in which all can believe, because it has a scientific cause in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which by act- ing on the nervous system, went at once to the root of the mischief. They are a splendid nerve and spinal tonic, and thus have cured many cases of paralysis, locomotor ataxy, neuralgia, and nervous headache. They also cure rheumatism, sciatica, ansemia or hs• poverished blood, consumption, erysipelas, St. Vitus' dance, rickets, and indigestion. Tey are obtainable of all chemists, and from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company. 48. Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2s. 91. a box, or six for 13s. 91, but are genuine only when bearing the full name, Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pals People, printed n red on the pink wrapper.

blig Mte he Ina!

'EOPLE `ERS no

conquer

vz at 26. sayg rtvurnl- ally two but ob- sni Curn only a entirel9 entirely' 'antis:ll

===== 0002601_18980610_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION. THE NEW SCHEME OF PROFESSIONALISM. The sub-committee of the Northern Roby Football Union entrusted with the task of drawing up regulations for the legalizition and control of professionalism in their ranks have completed their labours. The main feature of the proposals are that professionalism shall be legalized, without restriction upon the sums to be paip to professional players, but that no player shall be permitted to play as a professional unless he is in bona fide employment. In order to enforce the latter proviso, clubs employing professionals will be required to keep a register of their men so engaged and the occupation which they fellow. Penalties are proposed for the nen- carrying out of the letter and spirit of the rule. Clubs committing a breach of the laws will be liable to a heavy fine, while in the Case of comp,tition clubs so offending, they will also be liable to the deduction of points in the competition table. Players, too, who break the rules will be liable to suspension. It is understood the full scheme will simply be presented to the General Commit- tee and that its adoption will be deferred in order to give members of the committee and the clubs they represent a full opportunity of considering its pro- visions.

The General Committee of the Northern Uniod held their monthly meetine, at Manchester on Tuesday night, undes the presidency of Mr. J. E. Warren, Warrington. —The report of the sub-committee was presented, and unanimously adopted. It embraced stringent rules governing prefess.onalism. A professional is defined as a player who receives remuneration over and above travelling expenses actually paid, and all professionals must be registered. Players may be transferred fronz one club to another. Every professional must be in bona-fide employment, and will not he allowed to pig' Rugby football unless in such employment. The folio ing situations are not to be considered hona-fide emplor meats viz, :—Billiard markers,waitera in licensed houses or any employment in connection witK a club. No pro- fessional is to receive pay of any description during the close season.—lt was rirolved that the counties to take part in next year's championship should be Cheshire. Cumberland, Lancashire, and Yorkshire,

FEMALE AILMENTS Irregularities and Obstructions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in e fe hours, after all else fails, this remedy acts as magic. Full particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope. itnauf

Madam MARTTN, 20, Bishopagate Wil Established 30 Years,

it, London.

i tilt Um toty B 1

I

===== 0002601_18980610_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
)nic ever

t 4 'Zti reale" Sold by

need. -avenue

FIRE

worke 1,068 or 16 I by the of testS underig firm, venting of nitriC f nuir again_

'that he old ;o time, nage of he tidal ment is c. The -Kellner The in- induce irked in gary to et high ch, and rs were

aution- Alkali special work. llr. W. al ser. gularlY

- under unicate n as to under h. This II menu in the A have

D. as de to ju- ices of Ided to 01), on* mow Leman

0 has ke firo 7 ttle

===== 0002601_18980610_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO YOU.

?leti a, man has sufferel for years with a weakness that lights Isle life anti robs him of all his pleasures ; when, 7,t,ler years of doctoring with all Elora Of patent medicines. finfle at Icst the right treatment, which brings back to „."1111 the power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that ""all should have ev-ry reason to be thankful. MBDICAL TRE&IISD (96 Pages) on this selentific and ost successful method for the rapid and permaneat cure of leryous Debility and the kindred physical and ervous Valenta, also on Diseases of the Skin, Bladder, Blood. and etry 4 Stamps, by writing today to MESSRSSyBtem may be obtained by post. in nvelope, on Tt, of C,"LXiNSON AND CO., 3 AND A. FUZVAN-SQUABIi, .111ippuLD thercitilt"itY men should avail himself of th, Married and single • to secure a copy of this valuable book, which busine,,7`Y explains the different ailments arising from pOBT worry and their rapid and permanent cure. Q ~EALED.

ADDRESS- Messrs. WILKINSON, 8c Co Fitzalan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (63 YEARS.)

(Registered Copytight.)

“Ning RuG",oth STRETToN - UNDER - FOSSE.— !Duch suits me so well or does me so good when suffering from nervousness, 114 digestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure,”—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL.

Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/6 per bottle, of Chemists & Dealers.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ruietemmaia - a r

----

-...!_.,___,EM

===== 0002601_18980610_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JUNE FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge--7 10, 733 8 28,10 40, 1 35, 2 35, 5 20, 543 720 Sundayb 10 lb a.m. Altar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31, 1 14. a 3 19,a 40 a 90. a 7 unlays 936, 25, 8 50. a Stops if regimen. Birmingham (L & N.-W .) a 3 O. 83 23, 710.7 35, 950, 10 40, 12 0, 1 50, 2 35,3,20, 5 20, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30.10 16, 4 5 11 35, aMondays excepted. b Mondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 959, 11 55, 12 55, 320,50. 688.11 52. Sundays 1145. 4 25, 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 4 44, 6 14, 47 Sundays 843. 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 545. 835, 956. 11 42, 1225, 225 44 t 614, 7 17, 8 47, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 z 5,10 23, 12 14,1 15,3 30,4 21, 6 25, 7179 2, Sundays 843 a.m., 50. 10 40. p.m. Carlisle-7 47,9 55.11 40_12 25,2 25,3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 42.8 17,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 25, 1 18, 1 40,1 52, 313 22,5 11.6 4. 7 42, 1014, 1132. Sundays 8 44 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 10, 10 0, 12 7, 1 15. 335, 6 20, 6 20, _ _ _ .

8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 3 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0, 8323, 730, 8 28, 950, 10 40, 12 Os 135, 720, 1135. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 511 35. aMonday' excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 95, 12 25, 1 52.3 13, 511,64, 742. 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425,5 15 p.m. Earlestovi n-5 45,7 10.8 25.835,10 3,10 20,10 40, 10 55, 12 7, 12 25, 115,335,348.55. 5 20, 6 20, 78. 925, 950. 2030 Sundays, 7 40,8 35, 8 43.a.m. 4 56,60, 47.9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry 73. Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 945, 11 53. 55. 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80,948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 42. 95. 1023. 1225, 152. 3 13. 4 22,5 11,6 4 7 44, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Llnesl-7 12, 7 56, 831. 9 5. 12 0, 15. 2 15. 40. 529. 70. 80, c 9 30. 510 20. 11 39 Sun days 90. 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. Ilasgow-2 37, 529. 956, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 'ld,. Sun- days 2 37, 5 29. a.m. Golborne-5 5,7 10,8 35, 1055.12 25, 1 15,3 48, 5 20. 7 17, 4 9 50. Sundays 843.60. Hoogri Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 9 5,a9 30,11 2,120. 1 5,215 4U. 60. 70. 80, 89 30, alo 20, Sunday 90. 938 11 28, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. 7 65, 8 2, 7 0, 9 15. ulnr ldary s aBnsd6,Claodli 9211. e3a d 25.( C 5 elnst, r a913)5-. 7 0, Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,90, 9 58 1049, 1236, 114. 212. 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45, 913 Sundays 850, 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. A N.-W.)--3 sa, 532. 710, 8 10, 835 127, 1225, lib. 520.78. 925, 1030. Sundays 35, 450 5 30, 8 35, 8 43. 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 54. From High Level Plat tom. aMondaY excepted. Bwo, Level 9 . Psi odr: av 6) -874388: 825, 109 2 40, 7 50 111513v,e Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 115, 120, 12 57. 15, 1 14, 2 15, 3 19, 40.5 6, 5 29, 6 18, 70, 375050.13 (2FO o 5m121: o 8.0, 8 80, 9 0, 9 11, 9 20.8930 10 15 10 46.c111 11 39 Sundays 4 30,5 30. 90, 9 45955, 1125. 220,239. 7 1, 8 0, 9 18,0 18, 1033. cSaturdays onlY • a Except Monday except Saturdays. 30.0. a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, Loncou N. 10 40, 113, 120. 150, 32U. 20, 113 u. 6undays 30, 1015. 45, 11 35, Mondays excepted. bMondays only. a Loudon (Plialalid)-6 1, 8 46. 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 :X, 5. Ci 1113 sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 pan, Lv m-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14, a 2 22, 3 38, 4 11. , _ ,„10. _ 13, 78, a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 12. aSatuidays only. Manchester (1.• 04 W 25.) a 0,83 10' b 4 45,5 45,7 10, 810 25, 835. 919, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 2 0. 3 30, 421, 520, 625 17. 8 92, 1030. Sundays 310.455,740,843 a.m.,5 47, 75 „ LO. 60. High Level Platlorm. aMondays only Mondays excepted. Maneheater (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-.6 20 7 20.755,857, 9 5 , 5 10 46 1 11 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5. 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846. 35, 810, 11 40. From Arpley Station. Manchester e LineB)-7 39, 846, 915, 923. 10 15, 11 50, 1215, 130, 215. 3 15. 425. 5 15, 6 10,7 15, 848, 9 15, 10 15, a 0 20, 11 35, Saturdays 9 23, 10 15, 35. 325, 5 15, 7 is, 855, 9 25. 935. 100. aSundaya only. b hatur days excepted. Middlewich-7 35, 10 40, 2 35, 5 40. 720. Moore-7 35.1040 1 00, 2 35,5 40,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-4 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45.110, 8108 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14.12 25.1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20,6 25 7 17,9 2, 9 50, 1030. Sundays 3 103 40. 843, a,m„ 3 35, 50, 80, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cMondays excepted, Padgate-7 0, 755,8 4,8 40.10 48, 11 0,11 23,12 30.1 44, 2 40. 3 55.5 48,7 0, 8 12. 9 is. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 35, Prestori-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 11 44, 1.2 25, 2 25, 348, 4 44. 6 14, 7 17. 8 47, 9 40,a9 50. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 U 95L aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 .38,8 25.9 45, 11 53, 155. 320, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 756, 95, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60. 70.80, a 930, 810 20,: 1046. Sun- dap 9 0,11 25. 2 39 854,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) Via Chinley and Dore Line -8 55, 1055, 12 55. 1 55, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 3 50, 5 15, St.Helens-5 32,7 10,6 lu,B 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, , 5 20, 6 20,7 8, 9 45, 10 30. Sundays 8 35. 8 43. 60.9 54 southport (Cheshire Lines)-? 10, 8 31, a 9 30,11 12, 1 14, 319, 40,56. 60,7 9, 9 25. Sundays 9 36,2 5,8 56, aSatur- days only. Ihelwall-6 20, 7 22,80. 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.a2 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8,7 40.9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756, 9 5, ii 5. 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 2 10. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60.71, 80. 910, (59 60, 810 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39. 9 18, aSaturday excepted, bSaturday s nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 825, 9 45, 109, 1553, 1 55, 320, 5 12,6 17, SO, 948. Sundays, 848, 240,750. Wigan -2 ,37, 5 29. 5 45, 7 10,8 So, 956, 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 15 2 45, 3 46, 4 44, 5 40. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 9 50. Sundays 2 37, d 45, 3 35. 60. 954

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 36. 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 4 40, 6 44, 829 Sundays 753, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 18. 7 18, 8 24, 954. S dunay s (L. 8c N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 95, 11253,52, 525' 5 20b, g 812.2. . 3 40, 5 50,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (aidland)-6 5, 7 42, 850, 11 48, 1 0 4U 6 45, 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 1119. blix ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 10 48, 155, 50, 635, 750, Sundays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 11 40 120 2 '43,3 15,4 27,5 20,7 0, 835, 100. Sundays 725, 1 35' 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central)-6 5, 725. 755. 825, 8 55, 9 55. 1023 „ 1125,1 5.2 5,2 55, 4 c 0,5 5. 815,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 4 55 8 40. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35,11 15,12 15,2 20, 415,5 10, 555, 830,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 610, 930 p.m.aSa tur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 44, 841 . 4 30, 841, 12 10 p.m. ulluhdeasYtesrl-225 m342.a, .' 7 25, 845, 9 40, 1012,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 2 10 0, 3 45,5 J. 5 5,6 35.7 35, 8 5, 835. Sundays 232, 4 15, 6 30, 21 ts,m 655, 747, 8 0,. pan. aMoudays excepted. Collins Green-6 39,7 16.8 42.109, 1128.12 313,1 4,1 43, 2 5 3 5,4 6, 533 6 23,7 47, 9 16. 10 48. Sundays 8 IJ. a.m., 7 15. ‘rewe- 2 1,4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 15.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 40. 5 40, 65, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 4 55, 7 10, 2 40. 4 0 9 20. Daresbury -8 16, 1017, 11 43. 2 47, 5 42, 8 42. Sundays 721, a.m. 738 p.m. Deby-8 15, 10 20, 1 10, 35, 4 0 4 45, 7 5, 83, a 1235 335. Sundays 333. 7 30.6 18, 650, 6 3. ailxcept blondays. Earlestow n-6 56, 7 20, 846, 9 32, 1003, 1023, 11 31. 12 46. 1 38,1 47,2 13,3 14,5 15,5 42,5 53,6 30,7 33 8 3 9 20,a12 o.Sun- days 8 34, 9 52, 9 57,10 3, 3 45, 7 24. aSaturdays wily. Fiddler's Ferry Sc Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 14 24, 2 12, 327 62. 6 54, 8 59. Sundays 822. 257. Si. Frodshara-7 55, 9 3, 102, 11 27, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 650, 827 Sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 8 12, 90,9 50,10 40, 1940, 1210. 1266. 2 11. 32, 420. 4 66, 59. 556, 6 6(, 124 93 • Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 30, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. latasgow-a9 5, 10 0, 20, 6 55, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. aldonclays excepted. tiolhorne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 1220,2 41, 441.5 35,7 15, 99, 10 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-6 7, 7 45, 8 15, 99,10 3, 1055, 19, 1 50, 222 16, 4 30, 510 523, 7 11,7 35,,9 18, . Sundays 8 61, 920 3 45,4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlana and Cadishead (Central)-7 33, 953. 55, 8 52, 112) undays 1059, 653, 8 43, 10 U. Latchford-8 13, 8 40. 934 10 2. 11 17, 1 20, al 45. 213 30. 4 22, 6541. 6 7. 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 843 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. //Saturdays e6xuccdpute.d9.2o, 11 50 15,. Sundays 10, 1 5 a Liverpool 3 2(36: ,c 4 3EOa .rlse sstso. n5):8--1350.1a02 561510 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40. ablondays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 40, 9b, 9 55, 12 30. 1 25. 2 40, 3 35, 420 520, 65, 8 15, 1045. Sundays 735,2 10. 7 20, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 30, 6 33, 7 10, 74.), 8 33, 9 38, 1029, lu4o. 120, 0233, iso, 250, 430, 440. 4 50, 5 36, 635 7 3g. 80, 840, 930, aIU 45, 110, Sundays 5(1, 90, 2 30, 4 5.4 20, 6 30, 833. aSaturdaysolnl,lo y 12,2 10,1 10, 5 30. London (L. ez N.-W.)-5 15, 715.10 o 100, 120. Sunday 9 10 0 a.m., 445. 100. 120. London (Midland)-5 15, 105. 1210. 20. 40. 50,a9 15 100. Sundays 9 15,12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays v mm-8 _ 532. 9 26, 954, 11 9. 1 11, 21 67, 250 250 414 65 33, 550 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2. 25. 710. &Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. a, .1.4.-W.)-6 0,7 45,8 5,80.9 40,11 0, 11 23, 12 40,1 5,2 32,3 0.3 45,4 25,515, 75, 9 20,10 40,11 z.Sundays 8 0, 8 30, 9 0, 950, a.m.6 0,10 40. From Elxchange.aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 i 5, 20. 340, 655, 520, 65. 7 5, 8 55. 1045. Sunday 8 46, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, Tl2O, 8 30, a 9 5, 935 1030, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30. 12 45, 130, 260. 330. 430 14, 530 6 3), 7 30, 8 33, .1 55, alo 50, 11 0. Suadara, 830 13 40, 9 25, 9 30, 1040. 1 40, 2 0 2 5, 635, 830, asaturday only. bliddiewich-6 48, 11 37, 242, 6 1. Moore-7 0, 96, 11 57,3 20 455, 651. Sundays 3 15,4 48. Newton-le- V. illuws-6 55, 7 30. 8 42, 9 11, 929. 10 9, 10 22 22, 11 52, 1242,1 0,1,35,3 0,4 7.4 55,5 10,5 35,5 46,627,7 30 15,9 55, cl 8. all 47. Suudsys 8 .50,9 49, 10 0, can, 3 40 11 5, a z.aturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26,9 0, 10 6. 19, 10, 12, 5 19, 73, 925 Sundays, 8 53, 11 2J, 2 31, 912. 10 13. • Preston-42 11, 5 50, a 6 25. 95, 928, 10 101120, 12 15, 248, 3 sv, 440, 6 40, 8 10, 9 45, 1047. Sundays 4 11, 8 35, 30, 610..0 46, a Mondays excepted. ltuncorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 M, 12 30, 125 32, 4 40, 6 41, 758 SaNkey (for Penketh)-6 51, 7 56. 8 31, 925 1020, 11 28, 12 36, 1 .56. 2 0,2 40, 3 44, 4 35. 5 21,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 934 11 50, Saturdays. Sundays 8 49, 10 8,3 40,5 7, 928. Sheffield (Midland) via Ohinley and Dore Line-11 0, 150 50, 70. Sundays 815 a.m. 6 b p.m. st, Helens-6 25,7 0. BU. 8 28, 9 13, 9 55, 1030. 11 IS, 12 5 110, 1 30, 1 55,4 45, 5 25, 6 10,7 0, 90, 10 30,*11 20. Sundays 751. 9 35. a.m., 655 95. "Satardsys only. souttmort (Lord street) 8 5, 8 50, 10 20, 1120, 12 50, 1 0, 3 20, 2 50, 355, 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 210, 80, asaturdays only. Tlelw,ll 89, 838, 930. 958, 1113, 1 15, at 41. 29, 255. 4 10, 15 37, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37. Sundays 8 19, 29, 7 20. oSaturdays only. bSatt.... ays excepted. Widnes (L. ta N.-W .)-7 5, 856. 9 1033, 12 16, 12 53, 22, 3 2.1. sc, 5 55,6 25,8 51,11 54. Sunch.y4 8 14,2 50, 7 no 116. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) 8 23, 9 15. 10 ifll. 12.12 12 25, 230. 335, 4 25, 4 37, 6 29, 6 la, 7 16, 7 56, 925. a 11 42 dattlidays 542, 3 33, 50,910,920. aOn sundays only. Wigau-2 41. 35. 633. 931, 952, 100. 1123. 1 050, 456, 1035. Sundays 2 41,43 35, 930, 1113, P.m.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 „

===== 0002601_18980610_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

===== 0002601_18980610_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— *Earlestown

WEER-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek •Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. arid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Giolborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) 13olton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Buttonwood (Providence Place)

10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m.j 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 845 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am tnd 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the Sam time as letters.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Sast Lanclshire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, .-,:outhport Pr Eicot. Wigan, Orm s- kirk Whin ,& Ritziest own ndon, Foreign, and the South Midland C.:unties & South Wales Preston, Norai Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester .... Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, tt Chester London and Foreign, South. S - astern, Midland, Northern, ttastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London Bc Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. I , 7-0 a.m.

oa.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 ~ 1.11-30 „ }ll-4b 1. 12-0

11-30 a.m

L 2-15 p.m.

„ 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

3-15 In.

6-45 A.M.

1. '7 -0 a.m , r. eat ay

===== 0002601_18980610_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
'l' 0 MORE FITS

DR. PANYAWS

FAMOUS FRENCH TREATMENT

Never fails to obtain Radical Cures. PIT'S STOP IN 2 WEEKS.

PULL PARTICULARS AND PAMPHLET SENT

FREE BY

0. IvikiNTICAU, 90, Great Russell St., W.C., London.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
•. . ::',,. :, '''''' 4,,7, ' :':,l/4'''''''' W '' ' t. *4 1.,', '- . ...p, .-4, ~,x,... -...,•,. - ~ jll, .. , .. ... ,.....i..... , . . . ~. ," .. . . ~ , - ' . r' . - ; ..kt• ~,, *is 'f".k.

RINGS; BROOCHES, BRACELETS, P! NS PENDANTS, NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LINKS, SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on ..ripproval. Illustrated Book of Jewellery of' all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Outl:u7, post free.

Steam Factory:

T 17‘ ST E. Ld 1J - 6 T771:7r:W!7., 62 & 64, LUD ATE HILL EC c 257 D r., . --DO ; # 9 co

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

'.6„...#17:74,..0.177:44: ...,:t.: ..4:o' • .c_ '.,•,, 0.- ~-. ...7,:// ..,.,., 4\ i-tr• ,-- w .." f... 4 .. • ..k. ral. gi., ,•gi , ,?:-.,:. ""! 4._ ::_771,,,..-... ' „4,11 •:: .0

===== 0002601_18980610_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ECHAM' PILLST'

FOR ALL

AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Headache, Constipation,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUS

Sick

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

I Extra d. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.rn

===== 0002601_18980610_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 9.. m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 am 10-30 am

===== 0002601_18980610_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil, Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
VALNERA HERB EA (kegisterecl.) 10, ST. GEORk-lh'i CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. To be had from KNOWLBS, Chemist (late Hales), 77, Bridge-street, Warrington. THE NEV)Iti-FAILING REMEDY FOR .INFLITENZt, INDIO IiSTION,

LIVER COVPLAINTS. JAUNDICB, ULatsIATED LEGS. ERIN El:UPI:IONS,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
J AMES 100 LE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHII,RILLL, ALLEN-STREET,

WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHNST PRIORI paid tor dead and Worn-out horses, cows. an. ran.oved any distance up to .1.5 miles on

the aboAest nel ice

IJLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDRRY CONDITION

Always on hand. Highest Tetimonhls from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAISIFLE4S, AND FUMES ON APPLICATION.

SCRAP IRON, MIITAL and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. 1-ligtp-st Pricer; paid.

bLAUGHTEIt YA' I), LON01,01t1). Is TA EMS D 1870.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

FR KE TO MEN. When' Ton aro tired of tAking nauseous and mysterious resern Lions and .ooinpounds, which do you no good, but only rum your digestive organs write to me and I will send you a ok %blob desPribes a QUICK ANt) CORTAIN cure tor lost strength. wasting weakness, &0., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. bent in envelope on receipt ot two stamps tor postage. A. J. Lnion. ng-93 Great Eussell-str et. London. W.O Ru-

lice ivai Latindresies ay critc/i.ey • ST,AHOLL 0L1,83 is tinticit.aled for imparting a beautiful 'finish to starched linen tic., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.--. Corn- wat save :--" My wife will not tiniah our linen without your " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. I! o.lavuiLE Blaouburn. proprietor.—Adet. CLARKE'S- B 4t PILL' are warranted to cure, in either X. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Orgiu.s, Gravel and Pains in the ha, k. Free from Mercury. Fetabllshed urwaes of 3 ) ears. In boxes 41. 6d each, of all Clinaista and Patent Medicine Vendors through out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln Mid Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

-- VALUABLE DIDOOVERY FOR RAE HAIB.—If your hair is turning grey or white falliug off use the MICxIOAN HAIR positivPly rrbtort, elfrry ease. grey SENEWER, for it will OT white hair to its eriginal colour. It makes the Iskir charmingly beaturfrut, as we 1 /iS promoting the growth. rrice fid. per hol tie 7-Aut.

-FLoRILINEI-Y0 THE TEETH AND BREATIL-Thoioughly cumne,,, the tk.eill from all pareattes or impurities, hardens the gums, prvei tart.r, 'op s decay, and gives to the teeth. peculiar Pearly whiteness and i delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ;,6d for the liquid, or le. per jar tor the Florldre " rowder. of all themiste and Perfumers,— deter

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

These tiny Capsules relieve. Ridney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cure In forty-eight hours the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name Mit:ly.* Sold by all Chemists, or past free 3/6, from WILCOX a CO., 83,Mortimer St.,London,W.

WbAli

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE

9 OS'

Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed In every case however long standing. THotrSANDS OF GENNITINE TESTIMONIALS. Is. 9d.; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAL MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, eray'e Inn Road. London.W (I

eIYCLES ! CYCLES kJ For Ladles and "ROYAL AJAX' are finest value. Carriage Pal ci.3o per Pent theaper than elsewhere. rnmense rock. New and secondhand. itasv terms. Froru lOs Monthly. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. Illustrat,d Lists Post Pre. LAW CVPIe Hiding SchoolTlLE , BEITISH CYCLE MANUFACTITRINU CO., 45, F3cOE. aircoaritootoi.sLTlßVEAPT, ivgarooL. LIVERPOOL. City Branch : TelephPne 113 An fiold.

CURES when all other Remedies fail

SNNTA4 MIDN{

113, ,_ 4..., c-- ,e'.„.;,.fti ...V, ' vr,;', /11.:, -- , AGi I.'4,zi '‘l,2>;,, ci, Wi.,-, , „,;,.;:&•,,,'"',A e 4* 9 ',;, ;;104 'l' - ...**s',- ..... ii ,

-c"t;lc'Ef_" PI L S T.° WLE's' r.CIF .F,r-M,A LE 5. parocor oonnrox ALL TRREGITLARITIRS. =KORN ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the clist.ressing symptoms e 0 prevalent with the sex. Boxes, 1/1i &29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE Go, Manufactnoers. tryden St., Nottingham. Ertzeg,- Imitation., • 't•riona and worth .

t 17' (01P-6.11 ifiStC/

===== 0002601_18980610_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LINE_ •MAGIC

- 11l RELIEIIIItO ALL PAIN AND THROBBIND AND SOON WOES The Worst Corns and Bunions , It Softens nnd In-moves all hard callosities on the : oles ofthe, fset. If you sutTur, try ex box, you will ever regr.', I.

Boxes, 11i. of all Chemists. M.BEETNAM & sop, Cil33li3ts, kELTEI.III4I/.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980610_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, I

===== 0002601_18980610_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
fi ~1.-. i- -,,, 1,. 1,"? .-, , .".4 . ,: 1 %::' ' kl.! : )''''' . ' I .'l', . 'it;.l4fi i ,1' '.,,t, li - 4 ', ~,i,

, ; •

UI

•

„ i4,7q -=`

===== 0002601_18980610_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

e

•0.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
,:1,..',..::::.;':7.(...,:;.;: .`,1',.'.:*j:,''.:.:!r:,..k..-.:<. t: ..-,,....-.....,:•• :

,;i",C.,,SZ • 1:r • *o' 4'4.;:; l't• A trn; 34 • , 4yt, •‘,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS

USE PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating and Burning ON and Cycls Enamel, Enamelletre.and Brunseric Black. From all Doa.!era. AGENTS: 31cLKAN AND CO., 13, SERL-STEBET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GA.M.ES AND

ATHLETICS.

Caicxrr.

Warrington's tide of ill-fortune turned completely on Saturday, when the premier eleven succeeded in admin- istering a severe defeat to one of their strongest oppon- ents, viz., Liverpool. Ills a good number of years since the Liverpool men met defeat on the Arpley en- closure,and possibly it may be a long time before such a thing happens again. The win was a great surprise to both elevens,for the visitors were well represented and in bowling at any rate bad the assistance of the Lan- cashire and Liverpool amateur, W. B. Stoddart. There was a fair attendance of spectators, to whom the lively afterneon's cricket was most enjoyable.

The Liverpudlians won the toss and elected ta bat on the soft wicket,the general anticipation being that they would he good for 200 at least. Eimondson and Hilton. the first pair,wera opposed by Dr. Smith and Bibby. The " Dr." found the wicket to his liking and dismissed Ednaondson in the first over. From this point Warring- ton may be said to have never " looked back." Dr. Smith was in great form and nobody could do anything with his bowling. Wickets went down with regularity, and the innings closed for 48. W. B. Stoddart arrived from Old Trafford in time to he " last man in," but his partner was caught out with the first ball sent dos; n. Dr. Smith's six wickets only cost 15 runs, while Bibby and Thewlis captured a couple each for 24 and 3 respec- tively.

3. Callon and E. Connor commenced the Warrington 'innings, and were opposed by Stoddart and Goodwin. Cnunor drove the former splendidly to the boundary in the first over, but the bowler had his revenge for the batsmen failed to resist the tempting slows, missed the first ball in the second over and was stumped. However Thewlis proved a useful helpmate to Callon and the score rose at a fast rate,'the majority of the runs coming from the amateur. Oldknow relieved Goodwin. and checked the rate of scoring slightly, but Stoddart was despatched le quick succession by both batsmen to the boundary. Thewlis also drove adknow for four, hut Goodwin re- lieved Stoddart at 47 and soon effected a separation, but not before Callen had made the winning bit amidst ringing cheers. At 48 Callon was bowled by Oldknow, and Thewlis was seat back by Goodwin. Both batsmen had given a capital display. and neither gave a chance. Disaster followed fast for Warrington, and sia wickets were down for 51, With L. A. Voisey and G. Clarke associated Stoddart again resumed, and both batsmen, especially the former, caused plenty of amusement in their endeavours to get the slow bowler away. A long sequence of singles were credited to each batsensn' and the partnership resulted in the addition of 39 runs bcfore Clarke was caught, his 20 having been made without blemish. Voisey left soon after, his 22 having been a characteristic innings. W. H. Podmore carried out his bat, the innings closing for 105.

The Warrington batting was deserving of the highest praise, scoring not only being rapid, but the cricket it- self was of a very fair order. Callon, Thewlis, Yoisey, and Clarke, all played a Rue innings. A feature of the gains was the bold way in which the home bats " went tor Steddart." His howling was treated with such scant respect that he only got one wicket for 44 runs. Rather a contrast with his performance earlier in the week of capturing all the Surrey second eleven wickets for a average of about 7 runs each. Oldknow's 4 for 11 was a good performance. I hope Warrington will now follow the path of success they have so auspiciously entered upon.

The second eleven was meanwhile accomplishing doughty deeds at Augburtb, though they were unable to bring the match to any more definite conclusion than a very favourable draw. In batting there was a great improvement shown, th 3 venture realising 145 runs. Silcock and 11. Pierpoint put on 80 runs for the seventh wicket, the former carrying out his bat for a finely- played 60. Pierpoint's 32 was by far his best perform- ance so far. The bowling which got rid of 6 Liverpool men for 85 was also good, Silcook capturing 3 wickets for 39, and Crompton 2 for 20. On the home side Ware- ing took 5 wickets for 56.

CYO ?NO. A racing cyclist named Edwards is creating some commotion in America by riding one hundred miles upon his bicycle every day,wet or fine. He started on January 1 this year,and so far has been successful, inas- much as illness or common sense has not intervened to stop his progress. It is his intention to ride a "century," as 100 miles runs are called in the States,e very day this year of grace, and when 365 " centuries " have been ridden his ambition will be satisfied and, no doubt, his pockets will be full,for riders do no do these things for nothing nowadays. The feat of Edwards, who, by the way,is a Liverpool man,is the outcome of the rage in America for riding " centuries."

The following case bearing upon the rule of the road should interest my readers.—At the Stoke-on-Trent County Court, before his Honour, Judge Jordan, Mr. W. , H. Abberley, solicitor, sued Charles Webberley for 353., ' for damages sustained through the alleged negligence of the defendant in riding a bicycle. The plaintiff stated that on the 17th April be was riding down Trentham- road, Longtm,with a companion. He was riding on the i extreme left of the road and his companion more n the middle. At the bottom of an incline Bolgrave-road con- verges with Trentham-road at. a right angle. It was alleged that the defendant, riding ten miles an hour, turned the angle en the wrong side, and in trying to avoid the plaintiff's companion, whom he first saw, ran into the plaintiff, whose machine was smashed. His Honour, iii deciding the case said the question was whether the defendant was guilty of any negligence. A person either riding or driving was not bound to go on any particular side of the road if there was anything in his way. In this case the defendant saw that if he turned in a particular way and kept too much to his own side he would have run down the other bicyclist, and therefore he did that which he had a fright to do with a view to avoiding an accident—he turned.sharoly to the other side. He did not avoid an :accident, but in his (the Judge') opinion he had not been guilty of negli- gence. Verdict liar the defendant without costs. When a tyre goes down without apparent reason, it is advisable to see that the valve is working all right. A bit of grit may have got in, or the rubber may have perished. Now. an easy way to ascertain whether all is right in the valve department is—turn your wheel until the valve points straight downward, then take a narrow , tumbler or wineglass, fill it with water, and immerse the valve therein ; if bubbles rise, the escape of air is at the valve, and it will be necessary to take it out and examine it. Should it be of the Woods variety, very often a new valve tube will put things to rights ; if a Lucas, pay particular attention to the minute leather washer on to which the valve stem beds.

What with the recent Whitsun and two days' Glasgow meetings, &c., several of the leading, professional have no need to grumble at the share of the prize money they have annexed during the last four weeks. The following cradka have scooped in these snug little amounts at the two last meetings at which they com- peted: Chinn, £l.OO ; Meyer, £5O ;T. Osborn and Camp. £3O each ; nd Gascoyne, £2O. Not bad for one or two afternoons' work.

-- " Cycler's News " this week publishes a portrait or Mr. Ae.Lon Hughes, and remarks, "A hard rider and a good worker b Mr. Acton Hughes, the hon. secretary of the rapidly rising Latchford C.C., and it goes without easing that he is very popular in Warrington cycling eiretes. Mr. anghes is in" the trade," his works being situated at Papicy, where be turns out the,Record cycles. He holds the Teiegraph, K, and Penegrine agencies, and being such a well-known and popular man, it is not surprising to hear that he is doing well in the " wire " town."

SWIMMING. The draw for the northern counties water polo cham- pionship has resulted as follows :—First round, to be completed by July 9: (1.) Osborne v St. Helens ; (2) Mayfield v Glossop ; (3) Farnworth v Salford ; (4) Ever- ton v Burslem. Warrington, Hanley, Newton Heath, and Lancaster have byes. In the second round, which is to be completed by August 6, (5) the winner of No. 1 is drawn to meet the winner of No. 2 ; (6) the winner of No. 4 v Hanley ; (7) Lancaster v Warrington ; (8) New- ton Heath v the winner of No. 3. The draw for the Flying Squadron championship of the northern counties is (1) Newton Heath v North Liverpool Gymmisium ; (2) if arn worth v Everton. Osbarue and Burslem have byes. The first round is to be completed by July 16. In the semi.heals,the first of which will be swum at Tyldes.- on August 3,Newton Heath or Liverpool Gymnasium ley will wiU be opposed by Burslem. The other SPIMi-fmaiS be decided at Osborne-street Baths, and Osborne will meet the winners of the Farnsvcirth v Everton tie. The final goes ts St. Belem; on the 29th September. A PEDESTRIAN RECORD. William Buckler, ,F NOWOOTt, )4012.9 completed his walk this we.k of 4,000 quarter-miles in 4.000 periods of st minutes each. This perforn:ance is the world's re- cord. Buckler is in his fifty-seventh year.

cycLisTs -uscl PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Brilimel' Enamellett. and Brunswick Thant. From all Dealers. AGENTS : MCLRA.N AND CO., 13, SEEL-SMUT. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18980610_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
TliE EXAMINER. FRIDAY„TUNE 10 Ib9B

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S PER- MANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. Three addresses were given in Parr Hall on Monday at services in connection with the Salvation Army by ," General " Booth. " Colonel" Lawley was preeent at each of the services, and led the prayers and hinging. There was a rather better attendance in the afternoon than in the morning. " General " Booth, who was accorded a very hearty weleome, delivered the principal address. He spoke of the good meeting that had • been gr and said he always found tnat at either on Sundays or week-days a poor sheerlvdic in esthheelmdo er meeting was made into a good one if they could get some- one to the penitent form. There had been lately a good deal of commotion in the Church of England, amongst the bishops, clergy and laity, upon the question, among others, as to whether candles should be lighted in the churches and mass said, as in the Catholic Church. He (General Booth) recommended them all to try the peni- tent bench. eApplausen He did not mind if they burned a dozen candles. (I. %tighter.) He did not , quarrel with the Cetholice for having in their churches a good picture of the Lord Jesus Christ, or having a handsome cross, if they only made good men, sanctified and filled them with the Holy Ghost and sent them out to try and save sinners. (Aeplause.) But whether the world got more godly, more like Jesus Christ, more full of pity for the penitent man and woman,more taken up and occupied with the honour of Jehovatethe glory of God,rnaking His power known and His name honoured,he very much doubted. Turning to his Bible the General selected the following text, " 0 Lord,what shall I say when Israel turneth their becks before their enemies ?"—Joehue yin. 7. He described Joshua as the greatest and purest character in the book. He was a soldier. He fought. He (the speaker) liked him for that. He fought, an he won. After reciting the scriptural story connected with the words of the text, General Booth spoke of the failures and successes of individual religion, and gave what he considered was the best means for preventing the former and attaining the latter. Another service was held in the evening. THE MEETING FROM A SPECTATOR'S POINT OF VIEW. On Monday Warrington in general and the Salvation Army in particular had the pleasure of a visit from General Booth. That a visit from him is an event in Salvation Army circles no one can deny. The (lames- MODS which are given utterance to, testify to the venera- tion and respect in which the General is held by his fol- lowers. The writer who saw him for the first timer on Monday, was more impressed by the character of the leader than by the meeting itself. General Booth's is the type of face one expects to see on a leader of men. The face is somewhat stern in aspect though brightened at times by a kindly smile, and it is fittingly framed with a beard and curly grey locks. It is unmistakably a face bearing the stamp of individuality. One look in the kindly face of the " general" will dispel any doubts one might have as to the earnestness of his ; purpose. The earnestness and fervour with which each ' officer and follower throws himse f into the meeting or work is more akin to the style of the fiery and turbulent Asiatic than a Eurepean in religious maters. From an ordinary spectator's point of view, a Salvation Army meeting—particularly when a high officer is present—is highly interesting, especially from the way in which it ,is carried on. The stage is occupied by the speaker and a band while at the foot of it is the " penitence " table, where those who are conscious of their own short- comings and have a desire for repentance are led. The meeting opens with a prayer from one of the officers, everyone throwing himself or herself wbole-heartedly Into the praise of God. No particular form of prayer is observed, but of its fervour and power over listeners there is no room far doubt, the speaker frequently having to pause through the ex- pressions wrung from his audience. This may continue for about twenty minute!, when someone from the plat- form sings a hymn, which the audience supply a chorus to. Other speeches, songs and prayers follow, until the great event,the " General's" sermon Comes on Though the" General "at the meeting en Monday tole a text, , he didn't confine himself in any way to the limits of the subject. He illustrate] his points by short stories from his experiences in the States,also enlivening his remarks by flashes of dry humour. Another prayer follows and whilst the exhortations of the" General " are being re- sponded to by exelimations of every description from all parts of the hall, individuals rise from where they were kneeling and proceed to the peniteece form. The officers and "lasses' in the meantime are rimeing about the ball begging and praying to those they thought likely, and strangers in particular to come to the " peni- tence" table. The writer and a friend were tackled at five different time'. Our questioners had no false senti- ment in their nature and promptly told us we were full of sin and fit subjects for confession and repentance. No ens is supposed to leave the meeting whilst this in pro- gress. Should they want to leave they are expected to I go during the sineinge Though the modus operandi of the Salvatieniste may, at times, present an appearance of incongruity to the stranger accustomed to quieter demonstrations of Christianity, one is forcibly impressed by the earnestness and sincerity of purpose whicie actuates all enrolled under the banner of the Army, and leaves the meeting with a conviction that it is a power in the land for the working of good and the mitigation of evil.

GENERAL BOOTH AT WARRING'

There was a fair attendance as:, the annual general meting of members of this society, held in GoWarne- street Schoolroom on Monday evening for the purpose .of declaring a dividend, electing managers, auditors and surveyors, and conducting the 'ordinary business of the society. Mr. :;ouchier presided, and amongst those pre- sent were :—Messrs. R. Isherwood, James Hurdin,g, E. Fenton, J. Baxter, John Orealy, raeorge Hanksy, with Mr. Josiah Longland (solicitor), and Mr. Peter Dalton (secretary). The CHMIMAN, in opening the proceedings, said he was very sorry they could not congratulate themselves upon a bett,r attendance. He would like to draw their attentioa t) the progress that had been made during the past two or three years. They were aware that the Society received an official intimation two years ago that an alteration had been made with respect to the payment of dividends from prospective interest, and that they were unable to declare a dividend in conse- quence. It was pointed out at the last annual meeting that the prcepeative interest would provide a dividend of itself in future almost without any business during the year. It would to a certain extent. This year they brought forward the money to be paid from the pet dividends which they were not allowed to touch last rear, and so it would be throughout tbe history a the sJciety. Four per cent. was a satislactery dividend tut whilst looking upon it as satisfactory they should not forget that the payment of a dividend in a society like that was not the sole ob- ject in view. The object was to teach members thrift, and help them to get a house of their own. He knew of many instances where members had been able to buy tileir own house through the aid of the society. The rats

of payment was exceedingly low. Thee I‘. as not another seciety in the town where the interest to be repaid was as low as in theirs. If they took the trouble to work out the interest which was paid they would find that it was not more than 4 1-8 per cent. There was no society in the town whose they cuula get money lane under similar circumstances at less than five per cent, (Ap- plause.) The SECRETARY (Ml. Dalton), than read the annual re- port and statement of accounts which etated that the manager had pleasure in laying the Twenty-eighth annual statement of accounts before the shareholders. During the year, the sum of £1,009 173 61. had been re- ceived as subscriptions, £2,003 53. 6J. for Repayments and laterest, and £lO 19s. 101. entrance fees, fines, Am, making the total receipts, £3,024 23. 10d. The working expenses were £6B 4s BJ. Tne withdrawals amounted to £1,261 ss. 6J.—Ths sum of £2,222 2s. lid. had been advanc,d to members There were 208 subscribers hold- ing 2745 shares, and 41 borrowers holding 1824 shares making 249 members holding 457 shares. Tut, bonuse this year amounted to £367 10s. on the amount lent, 01 which sum £674s is divided as profit, and £3OO 63 cars tied to the prixrective interest account. Under the Build- ing Societies' Act, 1894, the Accounts of all Building Societies required to be made up in such a form and to centain such particulars as the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, direct. The form of account which has been pre- scribed by the Chief Registrar requires that the balance ot capital remaining due upon the mortgage securities should la stated separately from the prospective interest thereon, in other words the balance of the £B2 10+ (the net amount advanced per £100) remaining unpaid is to be distinguished from the balance or the £l7 103 (the bonus charged) also remaining unpaid. The accounts of the society for the past year have been made up on this basis and work out as follows :—Total amount remaining owing upon mortgages £10,099 63 Id, of which only £3921 153 id can be regarded as capital, the balance of £1177 ha representing the proportionate amount of in- tercet thereon, calculated for the number of years the several mortgages have still to run. The profits for the year, including £6 la 6J, from last account, after de- ducting working expo, ens, amount to £344 17s 7d. out of which the managers recommend a dividend of 4 per cent, which will take £316 33 7d, leaving a balance of £2B 143, which they direct to be carried forward to next year's account. The whole of the managers retire. Messrs. Harding, Wallington, Fenton, Isherwood, Bouchier, and Baxter are eligible and offer themselves for re-election. Six additiooal managers will he taken from the Register in rotation. The CHAIRMAN said he would like the Secretary to tell them the amount of money in the bank at the present

time. The SECRETARY said £215 was in hand at the bank and in addition over £BO had been taken that night. The CHAIRMAN said the members would see that al- though the balance sheet stated that there was a bal- ance owing to the bank, the society had now a largp I amount in the hands of the bankers. They would also notice that the working expenses were also very small, being only £6B 43. Bi. Be did not think anyone w3uld say that that was excessive. Although there had been a ' run on the society during the past two years, they had ' been able to pay off all the applicants and still have a largo amount amount in hand. He thought that was something they ougnt to congratulate themselves upon. The society was never in a sounder position. If it were I decided to vol ntarily wind up the society, they would be able to pay 20s. in the £, and also be able to pay the interest to the shareholders. He did not think there were many societies in that position. Mr. ENGLAND moved the adopticn of the report and bilsnce sheet. Ile thought they ought to congratulate the riaaneg-rs and officiala for the able manner in which they had conducted the society.lle was surprised that the general public did not take more advantage of the bene- fits the society offered. It was Lot only conducted on a sound basis but on economical lines as was shown by the fact that only £6B were spent in working expenses. tie thought if the public were made aware of the bene- fits to Le eerived by joining the society its usefulness would be extended. klr.Pnocroa ZONES seconded the resolution wbich was unanimously carried. The CHAIRMAN proposed "that a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent- ue paid to the shareholders upon their in- vestments.—Mr. Gtealy seconded, and it was agreed to, The retiring directors were re-elected, and Messrs. John E. Wright end William Boille, jun., were re-appoin- ted surveyors. The auditors appoluted were Messrs. A. W. Howard and George Armstrong. It waa else decided that a shilling be paid to each manager for each atten- dance during the year. The CHAIRMAN said that. was all the business to be transactcd. They had bad a satisfactory year and a very satisfactory balance sheet. Ile did not think anyone need to fear that their society—although it was in its 28th year—might not go on for very many years to C.'rne. Ho thought there was every prospect that the , society would be in a better position in years to come I than it was now. (Hear, hear). Mr. ROBERT ISHERWOOD, in proposing a vote of thanksl to the Chairman, said it:was most important to remem- ber that the expenses of the society had riot exceeded 13s 101. per hundred pounds. (Hear, hear). The motion was seconded by Mr. FENTON and carried.

WATER POLO. WARRINGTON v. SEF Oa Tuesday evening at the Legh-street baths,Warring- ton in the Liverpool and District Water Polo competition. Warrington and Sefton (first teams) played off their fix- ture. The local team took the shallow end and Salton the deep end. In very short time a foul was given against Locker the Warriugton captain, but he shortly after- wards swam with the ball well up to the goal mouth and shot straight in. The Sefton custodian promptly handed it out,and A. Ashton as promptly returned rt scoring the first goal. Beaman sent in a stinging shot which scored again. Some goad play followed Sefton passing well, and Spratt scored a rather doubtful goal for the visiters. On reigimption of play Warrington pressed hard to score, rapid passing from Beaman to Creighton and across to W. Ashton resulting in another goal. 04utinuing to press Warrington again scored, this time Locker doing tho trick. Some good play by Sefton took the ball dangerously near to the Warrington goal and a shot WAS made for goal, but Creightcn anticipated it. Boscow's Play was prominent at this juncture but half time Was Ailed. Warrington now took the deep end and some good play by A. Ashton was ineffectual, the Setton men fooling repeatedly. In retaliation at this stage Locker fouled and was ordered out of the water. This might have had a strong influence on the game but matters were equalised through one of the Sefton men taking cratnP and being obliged to leave the bath. Sefton n got the ball and took it well forward and despite 505 cow's endeavours the ball was shot in, ant, a splendid save t'y Robertson the Warrington custodian was the re- sult. The time shortly after expired leaving the result Warrington 4 goals, Sefton 1 goal. WARRINGTON RESERVE V. SEFTON 2sn. A friendly contest between these second teams was shortly afterwards proceeded with. Warrington hid the shallow end to commence with. Sefton got the halt first, and in a struggle for the ball between Hampton and a Sefton man, a foul was given against Sefton, but Hampton failed to score. Later Warrington were again unfortunate in not scoring the ball striking the top bar. A shot in the Sefton goal by Hampton came near scor- ing. Sefton now tried reprisals and Knowles got a de- serving goal for them,though the Warrington custodian Bailey made a good attempt to save. Continued pres- sure had its result in another goal for Sefton by Bowes. Warrington making a combined effort the ball was taken for ward,and Hughes securing it, not being opposed just then by a Sefton man ,swam close into the goal and very deliberately shot it through. The game ended with the result Sefton 2 val.,. Warrington 1 goal. 100 YARDS CLUB HANDICAP. Before the commencement of the polo matches a 100 yards club handicap was swam off in which there were some seven or eight competitors. The finish was very close, two f the competitors being to ordinary view a dead heat. The result was given A. Ashton first,Robert son second, and Hamilton third.

THE DISPOSAL OF MANCHESTER SEWAGE. The Riven; Committee of the Manchester Cor- poration have selected three gentlemen to ailvise them in the matter of sewage divosal—natriely,Mr. Baldwin Latham, CE., Br. W. 11. Perkin, prolesqor of organic chemistry at Owens College, and Dr. Percy frankland, of Birmingham.

LATEST NEWS.

.I ' • Nw‘VTo',..d lIR-fis &INT DISTRICT i .. .... t k any irregularity la the Council. Mr. Simpcon was per- fectly in order. I COUNCIL. I The minutes were then passed. , TH.E 'WAR. GENERAL PURPOSES commursg. THE ATTACK ON SANTIAGO. At a met-tine of this committee on May 23n1,a circular NEW YORK, THURSDAY. letter, dated May 12th was rsad fr nn the Haien Dii- -It is confidently expected thet Santiago will be in pal- trict Councils Association, stating ,that the familial con- session of the American forces within a week. It is re- ference and meeting would be held at Matlock Bath, on garded as probable that a lauding will be made both east Friday and Saturday, July 15. h and 18th, and request- and west of the city.. ing the Council to send representatives, whereupon it The impending fall of Spanish power in the Pan/cl- was resolved that Mr. Gilmour and the Clerk be etn- pines makes interest again acute in the question of the powered to attend the Conference. . holding of those Wands. The reported appeals of FINANCE COMMITTER.! English Manila merchants to Ambassador Hay for Mr. Ormond moved the confirmation of the minutes United States control gives much weiahtto the tendency of this committee which resolved that if necessary the of American opinion. Clerk be authorised to instruct Mr. Worslay to act on SPANIARDS LYING IN WAIT. behalf of the Council in the matter of the Council v. A rumour comes from Key West that a Spanish battle" Barton. ship and two cruisers have fought their way into Havana The minutes were adopted. harbour. The arrival of this squadron would materially ' SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE, affect the immediate course of the campaign,for although The minutes.of this com:nittes stated that a letter was the warships detailed to convoy the transports would be readn,quite strong enough to protect tern, the piesence of so statinirfrom tltiheastchtohoelmmanagers Shta.dPhaete,or's drirrieedls,osiNetwh-e considerable a force its Havana would necessitate a Education Department to request the School Attendance strong reinforcement of the blockading squadron. Committee to enforce the full time attencianc4 of Susan- Another version of the story is that three cruisers nab Singleton, of 84, Merner-etree% Newton, whom., believe ta be Spanish have been sighted off the Mole of mother had made application to the Education Depart- St. Nicholas, the north-west promontory of Hayti. Their went for partial exemption, object, presumably, would be to intercept the trans- This concluded the business, ports in the Wiudward Passage. . TRAIN BLOWN UP IN CUBA. HAVANA, WEDNESDAY. Yesterday a train conveying soldiers was dynamited by insurgents between Canes and Aluizar, in the pro- vince of Pinar del Rio. By the explosion,which derailed the train and destroyed several carriages, two soldiers av ti ge loyr c 'tut st eattack t h and two civilians travelling in the ttain were killed, and r,eViAch, two o.liciers and six soldiees 'severely injured. Immedi- eexopolotseleonspaaopial troops, party of ops however,a was repulsed, after a smart engag,ment. The -rebels ultimately withdrew, leaving six killed, and carrying Other dead with them. GREa'r BRITAIN AND CHINA.—IMPORTANT CONC;ESSIONB.

A meeting of this Council was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday. Mr. C. B. F. Borron,J.P:, C.C., presided, and there were also present Messrs. Coiling. wood, J. W. Emmett, J.P.,P. McMahon, W. Gilmour,R. Stone, J.P., J. Simpson,Dr. Patterson, W. Thiampson,W. Beatty; J. H. Forster, E. T. Evans,T.Ormand, with Mr. W. W. Sbitley (clerk), and Mr. Bowes (assistant sur- veyor). "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."

The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes Of the previous Council meeting.—Mr. Gilmour referred to the minute respecting the appointment of Mr. Gaskia as consulting engineer to the Water Committee, and said he wished to give his reasons why he voted against that resolution at the previous meeting of the Council.—The Chairman : We cannot revise the proceedings Of a previous Council meeting. The question now is whether the minutes are a correct record of the proceedings.—Mr. Gilmour: I can give my reasons why I voted against the resnlmieo.—The Chairman That would be irregu- lar.—Mr. Gilmour : No sir ; it is no use coming here if we c-nnot cliscuss the minutes of the last mecting.—l hive a right, I contend, to state why I voted against the resolution—The Chairman: The proposition before the meeting is the confirmation of the minutes. Are they correzt or incorrect P—Mr. Gilmour : How can the public know why I voted against !the reaolution unless I am allowed to tell them P—The Chairman : We don't want to again go over the same arguments brought for- ward at the last meeting.—Mr. Gilmour : I have a right to sneak on these minutes.—The Chairman you can speak as to whether they are a correct record or not. I am in the hands of the Council. The resolution before us is cch‘ Cher the minutes are a correct record of the proceedings.—Mr. Gilmour : It cannot be a correct record unless the names of the three members, who voted against the resolution are stated.—The Chairman : You contend the minutes are not correct because they do not give the names of those who opposed one of the resolution& 2—Mr.Stone : Mr. Gilmour complains that his name is not given as having , voted against the resolution; he will find that it is given on name 45--Mr.Gilmour : I contend I have a perfect right to explain my views as to why I voted that way. The public don't know.—The Chairman: At the last Council meeting you had full opportunity of telling the public through the press of what your views were on the subject..--..Mr.Gilmour : These are the minutes which were passed an committee. Now is my opportunity for speaking.—Mr Emmett: He has a perfect right to speak on any minute.—Mr. Stone: The minutes were confirmed at the last meeting of the Council, and Mr. I Gilmour had his opportunity then.—Mr. Gilmour : If you read the reports of other Councils you will see they discuss the minutes.—The Chairman : The minutes were confirmed at the last meeting.—Mr.Gihnour : Why have they come before us P—The Chairman: It is the usual procedure —Mr. Gilmour: Will you allow me to explain why I didn't vote for the resolution? —The Chairman : If you chose to shut your mouth at the time,you cannot open it now.—Mr. Gilmour : Par- liamentary languege,Mr. Chairman.—Mr. Ormond: Is it customary to record tae names of every person who voted for or against any resolution in pommittee.—The Chairman : No.—Mr. Ormand : I think Mr. Gilmour will appreciate the po3nt.—Mr. Gilmour: I don't arr. predate it. It is ineeal for us to put " resolved "if there are voters againet it.—Tne Chairman : Mr, Gil. moor you are trespas4ne on the rules of this Council in speaking so often.—Mr. Gilmour : Oa that ground I claim your indulgence.—The minutes were afterwards confirmed. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMAUTTER. At a meeting of this committee the Clerk reported the receipt of a cheque for £3B 5a., for the Teehnical In- struction Committee of the Lancashire County Council, being the final instalment of the grant for technical in- struction purposes for the district, for session 1891-98. Dr. Patterson moved, and Mr. Gilmour seconded the adoption of the minutes which were agreed to.

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE. This committee met on Monday, May 23rd, when ten- ders for a new retort house at the Gas Works were sub- mitted, and it was resolved that the tender of Messrs. John Bothwell and Sons, of Knowsley-road, Bt. Helens, for the sum of £BB2 Os Od be recommended to the 0300- cil for acceptance; that the tender of Messrs. R. Evans and Co., Limited, of Haydock Collieries, for the sunP!Y lof coal and coal nuts,at the following rates,viz :—Wigan 4ft coal, 83 per ton nett ; Arley nuts, 7e 9d per ten nett ; :Arley coal, 94 ge per ton nett; delivered at Crow-lane 'sidings, he recommended to the Council for acceptance; that the tender of Mr. R. Jones, of Bridge-street, Earles- Itown, for carting and team labour, be accepted at the prices and conditions named in his tender; that the ten- , der of the United Alkali Co., Limited, Exchange Build- ings, Liverpool, for the supply of Brown Vitriol (140 degrees T), filled into the Council's carboys at the Com- pany's works,St. Ffelens,at 24s per ton not^,be accepted; that Pha tender of Messrs. James Howarth ard Co., of St. Helens, for the supply of beat Buxton Lime, at the rate of 12s per ton (less 2i per cent discount) delivered free on rails at E srlestown, be accepted; that the tender of Messrs. Hardman and Holden, of Miles Platting,Man- chester, for oxide of iron, delivered free on rails at Esrlestown Station, at 17s 61 per ton nett, be accepted.

PERIN. THURSDAY. A convention between China and Great Britain wil*reby the latter i 3 granted a lease of terricory,includ- ing Kowloon, opposite Hong Kong, was signed this , morning at the Tanng-11-Yarrien. A RUSSIAN TOWN DESTROYED BY FIRE. The town of Ronaanoff Boilsoglubsk in the govern- ment of Jarosisay, has been destroyed by fire. Several public buildings were burnt to the ground. DAMAGES FOR SNDUCTION. In the Queen's Bench, yesterday, Daniel O'Sullivan, city tailor, tailor, was awarded £l5O damages and costs for the seduction of his daughter by Cheeks Flick, of Purley. Sdrrey.—ln the same court Mrs. Earl, an Islington lodging-house keeper, was awarded £lOO, with costs, for the seduction of her daughter Rosina, aged 19, dress. maker, employed by a Regent-street firm, by Arthur Gomm. a young city warehonsenaan. AN ENGLISHMAN'S SUICIDE ABROAD. An Englishman who has teen spending the season at the watering-place of Wimereaux, near Arras, France, shot himself in the right temple while bathing in the sea, and died soon afterwaids. It has been ascertained that the deceased was Horace Herwell, of Birmingham, aged twenty-five.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL Ps, RLIAMENT.

lIOU3B COMIZONS.—MOWDAY, The House of Commons met on Monday after the Whitsun- tide holittays.—Mr. D. B. JONES asked the Under Foreign Secretary whether he had yet received any information as to the arrest of a servant of a detest% subject at Cannia and his imprisonment in E noisome den for tlerty-slx hours.—Mr. CURZ.IN replied that the British Consul at Cr.-te telegraphed on the 23rd of May th it he was forwarding by post a report containing satisfactory explanations of the neident, but the deapetch had not vet been received.—ln answer to a further questlon. Mr. times said an extension of the cordon outside Candle bed recent y taken place by common agreement between Sir Halbert Charm side Dm Turkish authorities, and the Christian leaders, with the sanction of the Admirals. Under this agreement the whole of the Turku") irregulars who had been the cause of the friction on the cordon were withdrawn wit bin the town,and five new outposts were occu- pied—three by British and two by Turkish regular troops. Not only did Sir H. Chermside know of and acquiesce in these movements, but they originated with him, and he further explained thaw to the Christian chiefs, by whom they, were accepted. Theee was subsequently some misrepre- sentation of what had oceurrei. but that had been remeves, and the Christians round Candia were perfectly satisfied with the new arrangement —ln reply to Mr. J. H. Lewis, Mr, Headroom aid that he understood that the Hueco( Devonshire would, in conformity witn the words ,of the • Queen's :Speech. introduce a fell on the 'subject ot secondary education in the House of Lords. In answer to Sir W. Hareem% Mr. BALFOUR explained teat he was not in a position to snake any complete forecast of the flovernment work which still had to be got, tnrough be. fore the session ended. He could.however, assure the House that n bill not as yet introdu •ed which seemed likely to raise serious controversy would be pressed on the House. They tweed to pace the measure for the superannuation of teachers. If they were to rise as he thought they might, at a date not later than that at which they rose last year. hp thought it would be to the general advantage that Tuesdays and Wednesdays should be taken for the rest of the session for the discussion of Government business.—On the motion for the second reaoing of the Finance Bill Colonel eillward moved an amendment to the effect, that any readjustment of taxation should Inc ode a remission in favour of clergymen whose income was wholly or In part derived from tithe, and In whom case it could be shown that they contributed more than their due share of local taxation.—Lord CRA.NBORNE seconded the amendment —After some debate the Chancellor of the Exchequer said this was only part of the great question of local taxation which was at present under the considera- tion of a Royal Commission, and it was abAolutely impossible for the Government to =eke any propos in regard to it. After some discussion, in which Sir W. Harcourt joined, Colottel kit:twee]) asked to be allowed to withdraw his amend- ment, but permission being refused, the amendment wss re- jezted by 25 votes to 27. Sir U. DILKE afterwards called attention to the recent declarations of Ministers outside Par- liament. which, he said, appeared to reveal a need for de- fence preparations inconsistent with the reduction of taxa- tion proposed In the finance measures of the year. A Pro' loneed debate followed. HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TrtESDLY. In the House of Commons on Tuesday Lord ARTHUR Hitt brought up a Message from her Majesty, in reply to the Address from the House asking that the remains of Mr. Gladstone should be interre at the public charge, and that a =ailment should be erected in the Collegiate Churbh of St. Peter, with ate inscription expressive of thepublic admiration and attachment, and of the high sense entertained of his rare and splendid gifts' and of his devoted labours in Parliament and great offices of State. Her Majesty signified compliance with the terms of the Address.—A writ was ordered to be issued for Bast Hertfordshire.—Mr. CURZON. replying to Mr Herbert Lewis, said the entire length of the Uganda Railway would probably be 450 to 500 miles, rind the cost Was esti- mated to be under £3,000,000. The length of line finished was 170 miles.— Replying to a number of questions in refer- ence to the use of yellow phosphorus in the menufecture of matches and the recent prosecution of Messrs. Bryant end May,the HOME SECRETARY said the whole question was under his serious consideration. Mr. Gosoneeeinterrogated by Sir B. Aslamead-Bartlett on the subject of Russian naval expendi- ture and British naval supremacy, asked him to await the statement which would be made when Vote 8 was taken-- Replying to Sir H. Ashmeed•flartiett, Mr. Chamberlain ad- mitted that the Transvaal Government had repudiated the Queen's suzerainty, and added that no reply had yet been seet.—Mr. Curzon informed Mr. Daltiel that the text of the proposed arrangement for the reference to a Commission of all pending questions between Great Britain and the Unded States had been despatched from Washington, but had not yet been received by her Majesty's Government.— The Holl3s went into committee, and Lord George Hamilton moved a resolution •• authorising the Secreusty of State and Council of India to raise in the United Kingdom a sum not exceeding £4OOO 020 sterling far the service of the Govern- ment of India on the security of the Indian revenues." In the course of his speech Lord G. Hamilton paid a tribute to Laid Elgin'i administeation lu a serious crisis, and in this Mr. S. smith concurred, but he argued that the poverty of the people was to a great extent due to Indian Sir It, Fowler Said the way 10 which the Indian Government had dealt with the famine was one of the most extraordinary instances of administrative ability on record. The resolution was carried ,and the HOLM went Into committee on the Reserve Forces Bill. HOUSE OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDAY. In the Hon. eof Commons on Wednesday, during the con- sideration t f the Pharmacy Acts Amendment Bill in Coin mittee, Mr. CLARK called attention to the feet that at present some very powerful poisons were not scheduled and could be sold by agricultural chemists without restriction. After some discussion the Bill passed through Committee and was read a third time, Mr. Brookfield, who had charge of it, promising to communicate to the Pharmaceutical Society the wishes of hon. members that the Society should give more attention to the regulation of the sale of poisons.—Sir C. E. H• VINCENT moved the second Reading of the Working Men's Dwellings Bill, the object of which is to enable working men to become owners of the Inuses they ocoupyt—Sir A. HICKMAN seconded the mo ion. Mr. Isd Henna moved as an amendment ;—" That in any measure for facilitating the acquisition of dwellings to, the working classes by the use ol public money the freehold should be vested in public bodies and not in any individual:" Mr • J. BURNS seconded the amendment. Mr. T. W. RUSSELL said the Government symptthised with the principle of the meatute and thought the House ought to read it a second time and send it to a Select Committee, who would take the 'pinions of local authoritiee and others upon it Mr. ABQUI PH characterised the measure as a clumsy and belated attempt to deal with a real demand. Just betore half-past five, whertopposed busi- ness must cease, Sir C. E. H. VINCENT moved the closure: , The SPEAKER acceptei the motion, wnich was c +-tied by 174 votes to 88. Mr. etKenna's amendment was then rej ',Ned by 181 votes to 82, and the bill was read a second time. A motion to refer the bill to a Se eel Committee was opposed, and thereore it sod over.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A WARRINGTON MAN AT

BLACKPOOL. VERDIC I' OF MANSLAUGEITER.

Mr. Parker, the district coroner, resumed his inquiry at HI ckpool on Tu-s lay into the death of a labourer, Patrick Meakin, of Warrington, 47, found dead with a wound in his head at his lodgings last week. Agnes Wright, 79, Ribble-row, said deceased lodged with her. About Biz o'clock p.m. on May 28th ho was brought home by another man. Be appeared to be very drunk, and could scarcely stand. Deceased sat down in a chair, looking ghastly. Meakin did not move from the chair until uke o'clock, when witness asked him to go to bed,but he said he would keep the house for her while she went out. When witness returned she noticed that deceased had vomited. At 5.15 next morning wit- ness was awakened by a man named Mclntyre, who shouted out : "Misius, get up. Pat's dead." She found Wallin lying on the kitthen floor near a chair, where she had left rum the previous night. Deceased had lodged with her tor about 15 weeks, having come from Warrington. Witness had received a letter from de- ceased's wife,who was in Ireland. Meakin had always enjoyed good health, and w 'tress had noticed an injury to his head when she went to bed. He did not make any complaint, as to anyone having injured him. John M'lutyre ccrroborated,atter which James O'Neil, who was in the vicinity of the Royal Hotel vaults on the afternoon of the day named, was called. He spoke to seeing deceased enter the vaults of the Royal Hotel in the a.ternoon of May 28th, In a short time he came tumtling out, and fell on his head. A man in an apron came and picked him up. Two men afterwards took him away.

Frank bu .kett, 41, Seed-stre.t, Blackpool, said Heat about 530 on the day in question he was in the Itlyal Hotel vaults. Lie was standing at the bar, oppoaite the decemed when he came into the vaulta, fits attention was drawn by a noise behind him, and upon turning round he saw the barman take hold of a man whom he was putting out. Ile took him to the dour and gave him a pitch with his two hands, and deceased fell on his head on the ground. The barman returned in about a minute, and said to the manager, " I have not struck Min, I think he h 8 had enough." It was shown by further evidence that deceased, after being refused drink by three barmen, refused to go out, and when Gamble (the barman) put Meakin out he struggled and fought all the way. Aftr evidence of a similar nature had been given, Dr.Lvonard Molloy was Called ,and said he made a post mortem examination of the deceased. There were nO. marks on hini except a Scalp wound on the right sie. 0' the Lead and a small bruise on the outer eyelid of th right eye.oa examining the wound on the head he limn a large clot of blood. There had been some er ern bleeding, and the injury was such as he would ha 77 expected Cu a man whe bad fallen or been thrown dim I. There was no blc.od from the eye. The Coroner having summed up, the jury returned a verdict of manslaugtver.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ASSAULT ON A WARRINGTON BAILIFF AT EARLESTOWN.

DISCHARGE OF THE MALE PRISONER. Michael Knight, 48, collier, and Margaret Knight, 39, husband and wife, were together charged at the Liver- Doel Quarter Sessions on Tuesday with having, at New- ton-in-Makeifield, on the 13ch of last month, wounded Walter Newton, an assistant bailiff of the Warrington County Court. Mr. Rigby Swift was counsel for the prosecution, and prisoners were defended by Mr. R 039 Brown. It was stated on behalf of the case for the prosecution that on the date in question Newton arrested the male prisoner on a warrant in Leigh-street, Earles- town. Prisoner endeavoured to break away, and whilst the prosecutor was struggling with him the female pm soner struck him (prosecutor) several times in the face. A crowd collted,and the prosecutor was kickcd from behind and fell to the ground. He was, it was alleged, seriously maltreated, and while he was on the ground the male prisoner, it was stated, kicked him in the side, breaking a rib,a portion of which penetrated the lung. the injuries thus received were dangerous, and the pro. secutor had not yet fully recovered.—The defence was that the injuries received by the prosecutor was no. caused by the prisoners,hut by someone in the crowd that had collected.—The jury found the male prisonert not guilty, and he was di9charged.—Margaret Knighu was found guilty of a commou assault,and sent to priao for a mmtb.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS 'MANAGER'S REPORT.

Mr. Swann in his report stated that in the course of a week or so the stock of coke would all be sold, and he should therefore be pleased to know if the price of coke was to remain as at present. The gas main in Haydock- street would require extending about 100 yards, go that the cottages recently erected there might be supplied with gas. They had as many pipes in stock as would be required for the extension. The pressure on the water Mains, at three diffn.ent parts of the District was tried with the following results :—Wargrave-road, 25th per square inch ; Esrl-strest. 17lb per square inch ; St. Helens-road, 71b per square inch. Under these circum- stances a 41n, pipe would give an ample supply of water to the new street off Wargrave-road, in which M ssrs Fl zgerald were building new cottages. Of course in a few years the 4 inch pipes which at present supplied the Warg,rave district would have to be replsced with larger ones, but before that is done there should be SoMe arrangements made for giving a better supply of water at toe higher parts of the District, callers at present it is very inadequate. The hydrants had been tested and they were in good working condition. The consumption of water during the month as per registering of the station meters was as follows:—Newton Bridge meter, 3,720,000 gallons ; Viaduct Works meter, 2,180,000 !gallons ; Park- side meter, 12,000 gallons ; total, 5.912,000 gallons. Cor- responding month last year. 4,735,000 gallons ; increase, 1,177,000 gallons.—The committee ordered that the price of coke at the Gas Works be left in the hands of the Chairman, the Clerk, and the Gas Mana- ger ; that the Gas Manager lay a 4-inch water main in Rydal-street, cff Wargrave-road ; a street lamp lighting and extinguis,aing time table was submitted to the cemmittee which after amendment was agreed to. It was ordered that the Clerk report at tile next meeting of the committee the position of the Council under the Electric Lighting Acts of 1882 and 1889, and to make any recommendations thereon which he may consider desirable ; that Mr. Borron, Mr. Ormand, and Mr. Beatty be a sub-committee to go into the matter of Messrs. Fitzgerald's " extras " in respect to their account for the new purifying house. At a further meeting of the committee on Monday afternoon (Ju-ne 6th) it was recommended that the ten- der of Messrs. T. R. and W. Barr,of Leeds, for cannel at 11s. 10d.par too be accepted,and also that the tender of Mr. Woods, ot St. Ffelens, for a new retort house at the gas works at £682 he accepted. The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes. Mr. Gilmour objected to the inclusion of the minutes passed that afternoon declaring that it was an infringe- ment of the Standing Orders as no notice had been given of it.

The Chairman : There is no infringement that I am aware of,

The minutes were confirmed, Mr. Gilmour only vot- ing against._

HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. Mr. Brierley in his report as sanitary inspector said the district was comparatively free from infectious diseases, two cases of enteric fever had however been removed to the Hospital at Warrington. Since his last report 24 notices of sundry nuisances had been issued and were in course of abatement. In the Surveyor's de- partment Mr. Brierley reported that since the last meet- ing the workmen had been engaged cleaning the west outlet tanks, macadamizing Sankey-street and Fair- clough-street, removing old materials from Ashton-road in Sankey-street, as well as relaying flags and repaving tiles in several 'Ames ; general scavenging of the dis- trict, including provision for the fairs, fencing and curb- ing, footpath extension in Wargrave-road ; to be fol- lowed with flagging and tiling up to War- , grave House • repaving in Earle-street and ' Bridor-street, Cleaning out the Central cutfall tanks. _The committee resolved that the plans fur two houses, bakehouse, and stable in Flaydock-street, for Mr. John Clarke ; house near Wargrave rail way bridge for Mr. N. Siddeley ; two houses, Birlev-street, for Messrs. Wilkin- son and Flint ; and alterations to yards and closets at !four houses, Rob-lane, for Mr. G. Webb, be approved and passed.—The Clerk read correspondence baying re- ference to the maintenance and treatment of small-pox cases, (a) from the Warrington Corporation, (4) Wigan Corporation, and (c) Leigh Joint flospitrl Board. The matter was left over pending the completion ot a small- pox hospital by the Warrington Corporation. It was also resolved that the tender of Mr. W. Gilbert, of Ash- ton-rpad, for the remoral of an estimated quantitv of 200 loads of (Iry rubbish from nightsoil depot (site A) for the suttrof £2O be accep•ed. min e minutes were confirmed on the proposition of Mr. Collingwood. _ _ _

During the passing of the minutes Mr. Gilmour was engaged in conversation, and Mr. Simpson calle I out " chair !" Mr. Gilmour : If Mr. Simpson is Chairman of the cle4d. he is not chairman here. I won't be called to order by anyone except by the Chairmart, The Chairman : Mr. Gilmour you are exceeding all bounds. Any member is entitled to call attention to

===== 0002601_18980610_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FRENCH CHAMBER.

PARIS, THURSDAY. M. Paul Doschanal was to-day permanently elected President of the Chatabor of Deputies by 287 votes, against 277 given to N. Brisson. THE OPEN GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP. Harry Vardon, of Scarborough, won the open golf champtonanip at Prestwick yesterday. CRICKET.

The Yorkshire cricket &even bad an easy task in play- ing against Hampshire yesterday,. Going in first they scored 228,and then dismissed the Southern team for the wretched total of 45. Wainviright had the remarkable analysis of sewn wickets for 24 runs. Hampshire fol- lowed on 181 behind,and before stumps were pulled up scored ten without loss. There was some good scoring at Bristol in the match between Gloucestershire and N Ars. The home side were bitting all day,and made 321 for three wickets. Sewell made 108.

At Leyton, Essex playing against W'arwicksbire, were at the wickets all day, and made 307 for nice. Kent secured a considerable advantage in the first day's play against Sussex at Catford. Sussex made 151. Kent then scored 103 without loss. A weak M.C.C. team was completely outplayed by Derbyshire at Lord's. The comity dismissed the club eleven for 94, and then scored 246 for 6 wickets. A match between Cambridge University and Surrey began at Cambridge. Surrey scored 136. The Light Blues made 65 for five wickets. THE LEYLAND DISASTER—INQUEST AND VERDICT. The inquest on the bodies of the victims of the Rail. way disaster at Leyland was held yesterday. and 00 jury, after deliberating for a little over half an hour, re- . turned into court with a unanimous verdict to the effect , that the deaths of Ellen Halpin and William Alfred Hick- lin were doe t injuries received in the collision, and that the collision was caused through the gross and culp- able negligence of Joseph Whyte, the driver of the No. 14 train. Whyte was thereupon formally committed by the Coroner to take his trial at the next Manchester Assizes on a charge of manelauohter.—Whyte : Well, gentlemen, I beg to state that I have been dealt with .wrong ; I am innocent.—Mr. Chorlton applied for bail, which was granted, IWhyte being bound over in £lOO. with two sureties of £5O

- - WArrington.—Printed and Published by John W LLE23 The Azoninse General Printing Works. Beasey-street: and Published also at Tile Examiner Gaze, Victoria -roa,S wiDNEs ; High-street, RUNCOR 19, George.st HELENS; und 3 fdarket-street,:aallLSVOWN.—JUNI 1.892.. ,reet, 1;3 ,

===== 0002601_18980610_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCISFIIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIA- TION. CLUB CHAMPIONSEIIP.-SECOND TIES.

WARRINGTON CEMETERY V. LEIGH.-- Judging by their dis- play on Sanirday, when they accounted for Leigh in decisive fashion, the Warringtonians bid fair to emulate their per- formance of lart season, when they succeeded in gaining premier honours in the above competition. The tie on Situr- day was played on the sward of the Wigan Club. The turf was in excellent condition. mod the bowling throughout the afternoon was characteristic of two champion teams There , were several exciting games, and In the first quartette we saw A. J. Jones easily accounting for F. Collier, but T 'Mon was dismissed by seven shots by I. Isherwood, after making a capital start, B. T tylor never got a point in his tie with T. Hamer, whilst in a game extending over 31 ends W Wood won by a single point against li For- shaw. Leigh thus led by two points wnen the neat illitar- tette appeared, but few were prepared for the eisy manner In which 'r Bolton defeated P Critchl.y. the game being finally cdied 217. G Ball augmented Warrington's lead by tea , points, whilst H Williams displayed his consistent good form, winning by a dozen points in hls match with G Hayes. The Warrington captain.R Anderton,after having his game practi- cally intuis keeping, lest the jack at the twentieth end, and 3.Sou them had a sequence of good:woods which landed Wm a plucky winner by three points. The Warringtonians thus led at this point by 38 points. and no issue was looked upon as a certainty for them. It was a long game between T. Bridge and J Yates,and the former displayed rare skill and well deserved his victory of six points. A similar remsrk also applies to J.Allison in his match with R. Lawson.and It. Bothwell's victory over W. Houghton, this Single point vie- tory being one of the most exciting finishes of the afternoon. As a windup J Ashton succe,fully accounted for W Collier who only registered a dozen points.<o that at the close War- rington were left handsome winners by 54 points. • dors:— WARRINGTON. LEI*. ' J Jones Ellison l4 I Isherwood 2l Taylor Wood 2l H Forshaw Bolton Ball Williams Anderton lB 3 Southern Bridge 2l J Yates Allison 2l tt lawson l4 Bothwell 2l W Houghton Ashton 2l W Collier l2

239 165 Majority for Warrington. 54. LEG( CHALLENGE CUP COMPETITION. HAYDOCK v. NEWTON NURSERY. Score at Haydock . HATDoCK. NEWTON NURSERY. J JAekeon 2l J Jones l7 D Marsh... W Twist l5 J Mundt 2l G Pining 2l A Boardman T Heaton T Bainee G Plmblett D Liveeley 21 0 facCormick 2O

153 Majority for Raydock 26.

Seore at Newton :

1 HAirDoCK. W€ 3,9 roW NURSERY. W Palley 2l 3' Chapman l6 J Williams T Berry ........ .............. ... 21 J Unsworth l4 H smith . 20 W Kent 2l W Marsh ft Whittle W Beattie 7 Btines l6 W Owen 21

145 146 Majority for Newton 1. Majority for Haydeck on both games 25. ' WILDERIPgOL Y. Worrenterrow PARK. Flayed at Warring- ton on Saturday, Score : - SARACEN'S HEAD. WINNINGTON PARK. S. D. S. D J Broadhurst A Griftlth W Mclntyre ll 1, 13 W Hughes ... 9 1 A Clare TDTW Hackettlßl ln i Ice teh a' b°rd ns oe n. . . : : : : : .................. illi ill it ,11,33 H Fogg 11 f 7 1 I !j: 11 .: 1 IjiSifeobouctibrgiehernt soet :5 . T }femora 3. Hardy J. Harrison H Reeves 61. ~ W Oakes 11 J - C Boardman R Holland ll I 13 W Whittaker J Payton ' J Greenough 11

149 1-04 9) 46

90 46

_ .-- _ Mej orlty on doubles 69 5g Total win for the home team ...... ... 127

CYCLING and TOURING ROAD 141APS.—J.ES GRIN, Stationer, V., 3, Bridge-street, Warrington

===== 0002601_18980610_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVAL GANGS IN EARLESTOWN.

SCENE IN COURT.

At the Newton Patty Sessions on Thursday before Mr. T. J. Gillespie In the chair) and Colo el Wood, Thomas fieulden and William Houlden, both 0 Westhoughton, near Wigan were summoned for assaulting Arthur Lee, of Eirleetown, on the 31st May.— Moines flouldrin was also summoned for assaulting James Leo on the 4th June. Summonses were also heard against Charles Lee, senior, Charles Lee junior,and James Lee. for assaulting Thomas Houlden. and Arthur Le :r for assaulting William Houlden on the 4th inst.—All the defendants pleaded not guilty to the cherges.—Mr. J. W. Knowles of Widnes appeared for the Lees, and Mr. Riley, of St- Helens, represented the flouldeas. Mr. Knowles said his clients were natives of ,Etries- town and had lived there for some considerable time. They were a father and three seas. The disturbance took place on Whit-Monday about 4 15 in the aftersoo.n. Arthur Lee in company with a man named George Itice went into the Wellington Hotel, Earlestown, for a drink. The Houlden'a were in the opposite corner of the room and after a little time had elapsed they came acrns•s to him, and made some remarks about fighting. William Houlden then caught hold of him by The vest and topped him by his head and kicked him. themes Houlden then took a running kick at Lea which caused a deep cut to the bone. On Saturday the 4th last James Lee met his brother Arthur,and a conversation took place about the nouldens assaulting him on the 31st May. A little later they saw Thomas Houlden and James Lee asked him why ho kicked his brother. Hoilden replede that he would serve him the same, and at once caught hold of him and commenced kicking him. Tiley fell 115" Houlden going under. Although the latter was under he would not loose his hold of Lee. 83 far as the Esrlestown men were concerned they never kicked at all, and none of the in- juries that the Houldens received were caused ,by the Lees. The Lees were not the cause of the disturbance and what they did was merely in self-defence. In re- sweat so. the spede.preduced in court, it came into the affray in this way. As Arthur was getting away he was pursued by William Roulden. and to put an end to the affair he picked up the spade andf said he would strike him with the spade if he touched him again. William hedaiti4tuwribtati n allee hisas might a mos; Houlden, regardless of the consequences, ran at Lee and again kicked him. Arthur then lifted up the sMpra.d; Knowles Is: hra struck hlom on te tehe brutal affair, and hoped their worships would inflict a substantial penalty on the Houldens.

Arthur Lie, of 80, Wargravelitre";;, E Attest° cor- roborated his solicitor's opening remarks. By Blr.Riley : He never spoke to the Houlden; about pigeon flying. He denied that, he said- that be bad some ducks that would fly his pigeons. Witness did not strike Houlden. He was not a frequenter ,of the Wellington Hotel except when he was "dry." George Rice said he was with the last witness in the Wellington Hotel, on the 31qt 3,14. y. He never heard L3e exchange a word with the flouldens. JAMPS Lee corroborated the remarks of his solicitor in reference to the row of the 4th inst.

Charles Lee, Dn., said he saw Houlden with his brother down on the for. He went ,And tried to sepor- them.

James Toole gave similar evidence. By Mr. Riley : Ile was not acests'our,d to stay at the Ram's head corner for the purpose of quelling disturb- ances. He denied that he was a loiterer. Mr. Knowles objected to Mr. Pilo/ asking a respect- able witness such questions.

At this point the people In the coort commenced " clapping " apparently being pleased at the objection raised by Mr. Knowles.

Mr. Riley said tIM saw that the administration of jug. tics was being attacked.

Quietness was at once restored, anti the cue wag pro- ceeded with.

Henry Allen als, save evidenc.. Tie denied that said to a MAZI named Ilizains that he wai only sorry that they had not . the Eiouldens.

James Blower said William Houldan ran at Jams Lee in his usual style and tripped him wirh his head about four times. William Houlden saq a champion fighter. This concluded the case of the Lees, And Mr. Riley addressed the bench on behalf of the Houlden's, after which witnesses were called. Dr. Walter Latham, of 61, Cross.lane, Earlestown, described tht wounds which he found when he examined Thomas Houlden. The wound on the forehead was 11 inches in length and went to the bone. The wound was one that could be caused by a blow from a spade. The man would not be able to return to his work for at least ten .days.

Thomas Houlden said on the 31. st May he and his krother were in the Wellington Hotel playing at a game called "tip it." Arthur Lee came in and said he could " tip it." They then commenced to talk about pigeons and Lee said that he had some ducks that would fly his pigeons. On the following Saturday he was in Etrles. town when he heard that there were about 40 men waiting for him (witness) in the Griffin Hotel. Jams Lee came to aim and said I think you have had some bother with Arthur." He at once struck witness in the mouth. A large crowd gathered around and some of them shouted Don't let him get hold of you • Titch' meaning Lee. A little later one of the Lees struck him on the head with a spade. Alto. gether witne.s received ten kicks. The wound on hi; forehead was caused by the blow from the spade. On Sunday sth June he met Charles Lee, sen., who had a rolling pin under his coat and asked him if he wanted another fight. . . _

Mullen corroborated. Six other witnesses were called in support of Hould- ine's case. The magistrates then retired to consider their decision. After a few minutes they returned into court,and before giving their decision the chairman (Mr. T. Gillespie) warned the people at the back cf the court that there must be tie applause or hissing in court. They had de- cided to hind all the defendants over in the sum of £lO to keep the peace for six months.

===== 0002601_18980610_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EA.RLESTOWN.

[BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT].

The turn out in connection with the May Queen festival, was, as compared with previous displays, of a rather poor description, both in point of num- bers and in quality. The number of character representations was small, and it was freely re- marked that the demonstration was much behind others in point of interest. The attendance of the general public was also sparse, and consequen•ly the financial result will not be so satisfactory as the Committee would wish. The inclemency of the weather on the previous Saturday when the festi- val should have been held, and which entailed an enforced postponement, has doubtless had some- thing to do with the partial failure of the affair. It is hoped, however, that the finances are not quite so bad as is reported.

Affairs at Haydock in connection with the Church do not seem to improve very much. The Vicar called a Vestry Meeting last week for the purpose of completing the business which was so abruptly terminated at the first vestry meeting, and there was a large muster in response to his summons. Beyond throwing plenty of mud, nothing at all was done, and they appear to be in something the some position as they were before calling the meeting. Mr. John Robinson, who has evidently had enough of the squabble, declined to accept the position of parishioner's warden, and the Vicar objected to the nomination of Mr. Hilton upon'a technical ground that he was not a communicant at the Church. He insisted ill pn his objection, and the meeting had to be again adjourned in order that the objeetion might not be legally tested.

I hear that Mr. Young, the station master, will retire from the service of the Railway Company at the end of the present month. Mr. Young is an old and tried servant, and although he may not always have done everything in the way the general public desired, still he has done his duty to the satisfac- tion of his employers, and I hope he will obtain the reward which his labours merited.

Miqß Margaret Gertrude Annie Millais, the original of the famous picture " Marguerite," by the late Sir John Everett Millais, has been married at Rowledgo. Surrey, o Mr.E.A. Parkinson, son of the late Mr.J.Parkinson,of the 18th Hussars.

===== 0002601_18980610_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD DIE! PENNING!? CHILDREN'S POWDERS PREVENT CON- VIILB/ONS, ARE COOLING AND SOOTHING. FENNINGS' CHILDREN'S POWDERS For Children Cutting their Teeth, to prevent Con- Ynisions. (Do not contain Antimony. Calomel, Opium, Morphia. nor anythinz injurious to a tender babe.) Sold in Stamped Boxes at Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. •(great saving). with Toll directions. Sent post free tor 15 stamps. Direct to ALFRED FENNINGS, WEST COWES, I.W. Read FENNINCS' EVERY MOVIE'S BOOK, which contains valusble Hints on Feeding, Teething, Weaning. Sleeping, ‘to. Ask your Chemist for a FREE COPY. 2

NoncE IS COUNTY OF CHESTER TO WIT. FIEHEBy GIVEN, that the next tb GENERAL QUARfER SESSIONS of the Peace for _ e COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the 4ASTLE OF OF in and for the said County, on eiGNDAY. th ' e 27th day of JUNE NEX I", at half-past o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury "1.11 be empannelled. ottile hearin e of all appeals arising within the Hundreds the "ton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming hheeter District, and the trials of all prisoners com- -114,,,,ed Itnin such Hundreds; will take place at such Sc!s- tc,-:. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester Die- ti naust be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at 411-46„Peninv of the Court on MONDAY, the 27th day of 1 ,411,-Pd:sat half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. t% -4c, Court will be Adisurned to the Court House, tt ntsford,on WEDNESDAY,the 29th day of June next, dtie,„,l"'nn o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand tsisWili be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals talii'„,llg Within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, triii"nrt ' hwich forming the Knutsford District, and the Al:ld° all prisoner's committed from the last-mentioned a-reds Will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. I'rl an and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District t.:4 lb attendance at the Court House,Knutsford,at "i ilb"„e4ing of the Court on VVEDNESDAY.the 29th day —O3 neat, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Cp Clerk of the reAee for the County of Chester. .., 6th June, 1898.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. „go:101033NT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. `4IPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. IZAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAW £3,850,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office: 64, Cross Street. "iltte AGENTS. th, mrt Mr. 0.3. HOLMES. Market Gate t k4,ele —r.W.H.RlGßßY,Nesscliffe.Victorla Rd.,Latohford ne kn "ora Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hsrdshaw-street Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Slkr +1 INSURANCE OFFICE. SUM POUNDED 1710. lIMITRED IX 1897 EXCEEDS £425,000,000. kkhlPo .„ Particulars apply to the following Agents i GTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere dc Son, Bridge-et. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. 65. Horeemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2lKing-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank Street.

HIGHEST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. T. IJINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE IVIANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

upTeREs. FOR CURB OF RUPTURES. 1-11.) T. IBIGGINGTON'S X mproved liffectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered ; nonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7a O. Grosvonor-atreet Lon- don-road. Manchester.

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING es3:ooAnst Catalogues free. • IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. EQUAL TO NEW, ARTaICtLIRowS JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANGEWAYS. MANOURSTER. (Opposite the Assize Courts.) SPECIAL TERMS TO THE TRADE.

S Y BEA I - --- -- - NI p L UT F U L. 1 NATURAL ,LE STREET, LIVERPOOL. CURLED From SCALPETTES From IWMEMAORVATBITLBE } 21/.. FILING Hs, } 10/8 _________ T. S. BROWN:L3,._ THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? j. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (c t. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. W ED-H-IN-G AND BIRTHDAt PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection ,:) WED DING and RI NTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, 1 DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellanews. Also I a Fine Selection of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. i ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD COLD I BOUGHT. I V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63—RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for proluste.

W. B. SWEETIIAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRIOR 2s. 6d. PER BaITLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

AMERICAN Ice Cream FRHEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Ulasses.-13DwARDs AND CO., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

T 6 all Parties Commencing Basiness.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—G HMOS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit. Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted ; a splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimates free.—Bpw.anna AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

BARGAIN.—£400 worth Confectioner's GLASSES, latest shapes ; 5 Ovens, 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—RDWAßDS, 108, White-chapel, LiverPOol.

TPIP EIJIOVAL.—J. H. HAGUN, Accountant and Es- tate Agent (late of 25, Bnothrstreet, Manchester). removed to NBILLS' BUILDINGS, 49, eprlng Gardens, Manchester. Chief Rents wanted also Mortgage Securities, RICHARDSON AND CO., PAPER-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, AND 11, THOMAS-STREET, SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER.

FOUND THE RIGHT PLACS TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss. sd; Hooks to Gut, 6d and ad per dozen; Trout Flies, is to is 6d per dozen; Gut Casts, three yards,2ld,4d, 6d, and 91 each ; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for Id ;porcupines, id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per boa. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shopce)

FLE OF .MAN.—EXeRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Daily to June 30th. Saturdays and Mondays, Saturdays and Mondays 10-30 a m and 430 p m 9 a m and 4 p m Other Week days 11-30 am Other Week days 9 am Monda3.s l2-3) sin ONE DAY EXCURSIONS, Saturdays and Mondays. From Liverpool...lo 30 am I From vougias 4 pin Douglas arrive about 2p m Liverpool arr. about 7.45 pin LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY direct.—Every Saturday. 12-30 noon, via DOUGLAS, every Tuesday and Thursday, 11-30 a m. &Wings, &0., forwarded on receipt of stamped address by Cook and Son, Dean and Dawson, Swan and Leach Ltd., Blanchester ; or the ISLE OF MAN STEAMPACKET COMPANY (LIMITED), DOUGLAS.

L- --- - IV6RPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling -k- -utt. at OREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR , Or other Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen oJcurrenCe). JUNE. FROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLIRGaW Clarence Dock and by train from Glasgow , South-West Side. (Central Station) I to Greenock at 5,58 p m. Monday 13th, 6 p m Wednesday 15th, 2 p m Friday 17th, 9 p m Monday 20th, 2 p m IVednesthy 22nd, 12 noon Friday 24th, 2pm Monday 2/th, 3 p m Wednesday 29th,2 p in ORDINARY FARM—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available for two months), 155. ; steerage, (single) ss. . • SPECIAL FARES :—Cabln return (available for ten days), 18e. 6d. ; Steerage retuin (available for ten days). 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington. Manchester, and Glaegow and Greenock. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVER & CO., Managers Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE 01,Z4 ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 9.56 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s. 6d. Trains run Third class and Saloon Iss. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Cabin.lis Od. 3 etesmers. SPECIAL NOTICE,—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or Lice versa, can ROW be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and saloon l3s. 6d. Third-class and Fore 0ab1a.... 9s. 6d. The journey may be broken at Grange, Uiverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUCHESa OF DEVONSHIRE " will be on the service during July, August and September. There will be EXTRA sailing, every SATURDAY, July 9th to SEPTEMBER 3rd.—JAMES LITTLE Ft 00., Barrow.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67.4 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ' HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND • CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTH.. RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING. and Bedroom Suites, Writing DPsks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver, Eleztro Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, ezo., Ass, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions soy this Establishment is unsurpassed for Etyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TO THE WORKING CLASSES OF LIVERPOOL. FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY. SALE OF 400 MEN'S COATS AT Is. 6D. EACH, Originally Costing from 10s. to 315. each. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, morinsas, AND TOOL FACTORS, 116 to 120, BROWNLOW HILL; also at 67 and 59, MILL STREET. Telephones, 5,171 and 3,579.

LONG WORTH , PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPRCIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 AND 6, OAR STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS 1! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PNBsions. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED Ix Rama AN HOUR FROM 3s. ths, T. BRINRLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

REGULAR SUNDAY SAILINGS. LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer" SNOWDON' will Sail (weather and circumotances permitiing) on SUNDAX Next) and every Sunday during the season, for Llandudno, IBoe.a4usma .anir 1 .8., aßnadn arrivingg or, nd bilaa °ln aa o üßt 5 Bridge, 171 e leaving Liverpool at p . m . For Particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 1,585.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS 017 T OF LIVERPOOL. Best and Quickest Route to Helywell, St. Winefride's Well, Paatasaph. Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYING FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstanees permitting), as under ; LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers two to three hours ashore in one ef the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL. From MoSTEN. Monday, June 13 -0 p m Monday,June 13 1-0 p m Tuesday „14 -0 pm Tuesday „ 14....7-30 pm Wednesday „15 7.45 a m Wednes. „ 15....10-0a m Wednesday „15 5-30 pin Wednes. „ 15 8-0 pin Thursday „16 B-30 am Thursday „ 16 8-0 pm Friday „ 17 -0 am Friday „ 17......8-0 pm Saturday „18 -0 am Saturday „ 18 12 noon Single Fare, Is 6d ; Return Fare. 2s ; Bridge extra. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue only. Refreshments on board at Moderate Charges. Offices: 27, WATER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334.

ALLAN LINE, TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. s.s, CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...Junel6th 8. NCMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 23rd e.g. PARISIAN. for Quebec and Montreal... June 30th 8. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montrcal...July 7th 8.9. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... July 14th e.s. NUMIDIAN,for Quebec and Montreal July list Saloon Fares from £lO 10s. End Cabin £7 55, Steerage £5 63, Through Tickets to all points at special rates. KLONDlKB.—Handbook, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS .t Co., 19, James-. at., Liverpool ;or OJ, S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-et., Warrington WHITE ftc ik , LIVBR

BREWARD AND BAiLEY. CHINA MERCHANTS, SHOP AND RESIDENCE: 451 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, In, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, "nEGS to intimate to Lis Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCOCK at Kiug- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, am, where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N.B —A Good STOCK of tha latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choica Selection of wall papers and decorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST 31ARE1S. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

TAM O'SHANTER AND RUBBER AND WALTON. BAEDR CO., LTD. wo CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LnTRKE ADLX LI LIVERPOOL, TOU Are undoubtedly the beat. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED, ELEGANT AND STRONG. Ch oPayments. Catalogue containinglre eon r Easy freaeppllnicasutraionnr Coupon, post f s Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Dalian!' and Show-rooms 35 No Rill JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROURD nAUNDERSON. District Manager. Established 1859.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD, GOLD M &DAL AND DIPLO3IA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MIME TWICE DAILY, SKIM MILK FROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTEB„ MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

DUTTON AND COLyER, • (LITE SUTTON AND Co.) IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN Smut BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOII ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM PER ALE. WARD' WS HOREHOUND BEER

THE SYSTEM OF SELLING EVERYTHING at a SMALL PROFIT and only of GOOD QUALITY is an absolute rule at the shops of BOOTS CASH CHF:MISTS. PHYSICIANS' PRESCRIPTIONS are PREPARED with d the utmost (tare with PURE DRUGS of the best quality at all their establishments, and only Chemists qualifie by examination of Pharmaceutical Society are employed for dispensing. BOOTS CASH CREMIPTS, A THE LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST RETAIL CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. Boors, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHIM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses : 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. leo at LIVERrooL, MANCHESTICR, BIRMINGHAM, &C.

_ TEETH.-A COMPLETE SET, 218. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 yore' warranty. sAM WOODS, Raq , M,P., says in his testimon al They are a perfect fit, exceedlng comfortable, and are a credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BRWSRY-STEREY, WRDNRbDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4s, pe r bott 1 e. Sole Wholesale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. FALSHAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAMERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAME MAKERS. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROAL, ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, Az. Also a Selection of PICTURES, PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERNS, MO UNTIED- BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cut in small sizes for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bed Frames. Ac., from 11d. per foot. All work practically done and promptly attended to.

BOIOUGH OF c iitY.*,2Y4,c,,,,,,:;,:e:3, •ka. arWARRINGTON. w -ARRINGTON CORPORATION Warrington. :A0:001 ENNGTrROINT En e aD rHANUItH. Vetntleth Season. General Agent—Hr. W. HOu lITON.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

8 AND 105 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL CIPRING' SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns Leading Styles ! I Popular Prices I THE M.D.C. MEN'S SUITS, 18/6 TO 50/ MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Beady for Wear I Well Made! I Latest Cut I ! ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE ' ' 28/6 , 60/- in High-Class Scotch and [el sh TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &C., &C. VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND 3USRNILU D FPARTMENTS. TO MEET TfIB GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE i PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, ELORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGT,9 N.

£2O TO BE GIVEN AWAY, itiksasTo Entrails') Fee.) Amongst those who Re-arrange the following 15 Jumbled Letters, JILLLUEEDSSOOBTN tespellthree well-known English Towns. Send in your Solution with a Stamped Addressed Enve- lope, and I will inform you if correct, with full particulars of Competition. Address— THOMAS WADE, 161, RIVERSDALE-ROAD,NIGHBURY, N.

NvEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FI rTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FACTORS, We hold the largest Stock in the district to select from, comprising the following well-known makes, viz.:— BUDGE-WHITWORTH, LTD., NEW HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES, SUNBEAM ,CYCLES, BAYLISS, THOMAS, AND CO., EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO, All the above makes will be on view at SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE. REPAIRS OF ALL KINDS, AND MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER On the Premises by skilled Mechanics who have been employed for some years Building Cycles for MESSRS. RUDGE-WHITWORTH :LTD. Customers may depend upon their orders being executed in a first-class manner and at moderate charges. MANAGING PARTNER AND DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE:- MB. J. H DUTTON.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-5 WOOL BEDS, 10/97 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTEESSS, /9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 2s. eD. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS, 13s. 11n.WIRE MATTRESS, 95. 9n. BASSINETTES AND MAILC 25s Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OB GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS. CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND . HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 181 PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

"A 50s. WONDERFUL 'WATCH." A thoroughly reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVER BEG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. IIICAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket, FOR FIF JY SHILLINGS." This wat obis tintedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION ! A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES svith Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington, N.B, Sent ost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &c. -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

£150,000 11),,Z2ED".P OCERTNGA to be G SUMS to Butt BORROW6IIS fn any part of the COUNTRY.---n J. W. READER, 8, Cook-at., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. nONEY LENT PJIVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, in sums of £lO up to £530. ON BORROWERS OWN FRO 11ISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arrang d to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE r43iNE, 4ccoun- tent, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established IVO.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK 10, CORPORATION-STRBET, MANCHifoTER. •ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or In ene sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminary fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD. Manager.

--- WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. R. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES .LuFRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. oIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO FAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, in your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District aenerally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREE V. LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds. Policies. Shares. Bm., at the following scale of charges : ElO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 93. £5O „ 20s. ~ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Ocl, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repaym-nt arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal applicatioo, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed trona 21 to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

FI ELI) LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS .23 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties end STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinsry Life Ass-i,man Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehoid Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk, £5 „ 2/6 „ £2O ~ 10/- £lO „ 6/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Moe hours 9 to 8, SatuM 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSITORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, IEI, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill ef Sale, Publicity, or Fees, from one month to Ave years. TH E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established rank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICIL—This Bank does not charge relirninary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely disiiensed with. Apply in strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAM SS, Resident Manager. NOM—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and, SECOND MORTGAGES, NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

MONET LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GhNTLENIAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the same to all respectable and responsible Persons in any Part of England or Wales, in sums ot not less than £lO to tlOOO on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if desirid, a ,arritten undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or in one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience, Cr, if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the interest is paid. For full particulars (free of charge), apply Personally or by letter (stating amount reg,uired) to. NI R. We STE WA RT, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER'

THE BEANCO CYCLES MANUFACTURED EY BA XENDALE & C. MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET,: LIVERPOOL.

- ...,, : ... . .- ' 're., . ' 'o=-' ~57. V.44'. -,wp.,;*, ;., B.,,uprann,Voi`44. • r.'! ,r. ttr4 a=4-1., • e•-44\ .. c, . F "t 4 - , Igt° ' t'443t, -,l' A. %%147 '' ~ 1 tt ..4.,Aer. .4) .. 'l`..s, • Id , 5.1 . E, HOLIDAY COSTUMES ~..------ V . ~,. HOME & HALF-GUINEA sent by Parcel Post direct from the Largest Firm of Co.- /1 , 0 ..k 'I t ‘ '.‘ S \' Costumes), and universally admitted to be Tillt ELME= ' , ' , .' '' KNOWN VALUE FOR MONEY. . Supplied in the following two good durable cloths i 1.-JOHN NOBLE CHEVIQT SERGE, .1,9 4 weighty and weather-resisting H.--JOHN ~ • ier NOBLE COSTUME COAIING smooth ~ surfaced, and of lighter weight. ' 471"'Vt'''N " : 4(,* PATTERNS SENT POST FREE, together withthe new 84pp.Illustrated Fashion • " Book for Ladies and Children, and need not ", ,;,IS, ' ' be returned. Please mention this newspaper < • ~.. •N' , \ when writing.- ,‘,01.'!:,,, ~ .:.• , i. .3 ' . ..• A FULL DRESS LENGTH ot e Ither-ue -.N t • cloth (6 yards 52 inches wide) for 716. / i V C.arriate 13d. -,,, COLOURS of all Costumes are Black Navy".¢://' 'IA :A.,:',., -,,‘ , - Electric, Brown, Ruby. Myrtle Faith Grey. "-_.....---- =4, &..- NI ',. ' ,-- '‘,,i,, 't,4, "', Most Sage Green, •nd Purple.' ' ' --- '‘,/:. ./ :--"?..ii • ' ‘'•.. ;. ra. ' Tily THREE SIZES IN STOCK are 34, 36, and '; . ,',/,,, , Lit 4. \ •- —I . so Inc round bust (under arms). Skirts being 0.- /7 / 1111, '', •'1 ' •` / 38,40, and 42 ins. long in front. Any other t-,u- I ~/ / ' ii.., ' ' = , site can be specially made to measure, 1/13 et. ii,' I/ ' /''P' ?„ 11 , i , '-'-'• !lir- /// , i\ ' ' ,::. i-/:',Cii. .1.. - •,:-; : ..f- -, Vile. „ .'% . ' , N. , • •;...?.. ,;:1,,.., • N . . • ; ," . / ~'" ..c'z• „i • , .' ,' 0. , , io 4 \:\ I 7,,, ~, , 19111116111Lts • , • • h- - , WO . - , - ( ..., A. The New "CURRAGH" ..... • THE JOHN NOBLE Costume. ... MODEL 900.—Smart tailor finished open / .....r. KNOCKABOUT Coat and full-wide Skirt. Price complete , ... .i," ' I:4l:,i,iic.ns strong gGsTrre: pi, papniEel,i 90e .1.1—n., asmlnacritorsdaicra, ..7,-: costume, 10/6. Car-IA iO nage 6d. extra. , sleeves mill-1W Utary braid. /1 Skirt alone for 5/6.1 VI U Carriage sd. ‘9 ," , with saddle - top, full Full vide ek int. Price complete t 4 Supplied also in good stout Drill orPique ~,. ...... ....4,,,, 4,, isll6le2e2/12/e2;6873/633d pt0c31e4251)::: st the same price (Blue, Fawn or White) ,!'l ' , asnlorntuentes/eitarertitargrieaggde.6d. Skirt ii'l or in Covert coating for 13/6 ; or in ture suiting for 18/-. .G, .• • '," neLengthsekbau ad r eft or o edge corn top p oo ff DEL 684. Tailor made Bankers r “Losooit AND 0 skirt in front. Carriage MIDLAND.' BANK, LTD. 6111.8 REITER COAT andtull 91111 r ....--- .. ki.extra. WOOLLEN .e.. wide Skirt. Lengths(in front)an Prices i - .v., BNITTZD CAPS (al Kindly name this newspal,er ~ 30 33 36 39 42 Inches. Carriage 6d. sketah)E-. All shades. when ordering from- -8/8 7/8 8/6 9/6 10/8 each, extra. ii , JOHN,NOBLE, LTD., "n-it:781., MANCHESTER... „.,...,...

,10TRK.B. —Mrs. VIM 6 ~,uning yr...J[l has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren whi'e teething with perfect su es. it will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste It pro- du-es natural quiet mesh by relt.vlng the ehild from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all chemists le lid. per bottle-4,11.

HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by wing the oil reliable preparation, ROT/LARDS MACASSAR OIL, whicT. strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates scor... and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can Peods. such a dressy and beautiful appearance of the hair or 72, stimulate its growth as ROWLANDV MACASSAR OIL. If I°, have never tried it, 7ou are strongly advised to proCnreer bottle at once and continue using it for your own and 3w,, children's hair. Also sold in • Golden Colour for 174, haired ladies and childre... Sizes, 3s. 6d., Ta.. la'- (equal to 4 small). ROWLANDS' °DONT° is the most perfect dentifri.Le; thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities, pro,`,l7eo a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Sold by and Chemists. Write A. Rowland and Sons, 20, lia" Garden, Loudon, for cash prices. Avoid spurious 1101 tions. = . it 14.1444/ 'Rs, sTOO So,

DLACKPOOL.-HOLIDAY and CONVALESCENT HOME sTATION-ROAD. SOUTH SHORE (formerly Arnold House). WOMEN. 12s. 6d.. MEN, 14s. per week, Board in- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by letter only) tube addressed to the Hon. Director, 32, Church- street, Manchester. (Miss) S. G. MAXWELL. Secretary.

QOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDB HTDRO.—Physician, Da BARNARDO, desirable Winter Residence. 0116 Of the handsomest b II legs in Southport; centrally situated; replete with every comfort; fine Sea view. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s. 6d. per day, Including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvanism- -7. Boococx, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, S 4 TO 40 LIIDGATB HILL, ALSO AT 70 a 71, HO STUN SQUARE. HOME COMNORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CEICTRAL NOR BURNERS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPE TS. FURNITURE, REUPHOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING, Ac. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application. Note Address,—CHARLES SOUTHORN & LTD.. 33, 40, and 42, BASS NTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6362.

Vrtbate reatp. G. 11. AND H. M. JAcmozi, 61, CHIIRCD. STREET, GREA SALE. WARRINGTO,N. GREAT SALE REGARDLESS OF COST. MUST BE CLEARED, Payments tlken MEN'S COATS FROM 2s. 3D. .. TROUSERS FROM IS. 6D. „ VESTS F 9D.

Payments taken YOUTHS' CO S FROM 2s. OD. .. TROUSERS FROM 9D. ~ VESTS FROM

A LARGE VARIETY OF BOYS' CLOTRING ALWAYS ON SALE. Payments taken WOMEN'S DRESSES FROM 25. OD. „ SKIRTS FROM IS. OD. ROOTS PAIR l5. D

ISLE OF MAN.--To be Let, Furnished, or Apartments. small Cottage, beautifully situated. and comfortably fundshed. Terms low.—Apply 5118.1 Banw, Ma1(11100n-road. Leßoy.

A Great Stock of Wool Shawls, Blankets. Quilts, Sheets, at Cost Price. Payments taken. Don't forget the Addrese, 61, CHLTREII STREET, WARRINGTON.

yIES. WILKINSON, 29, Balmoral-road, S.S., Blackpool. Near S. Shore Station. trams and pier, good sea view, public and private APANTDIBN'.CS with or without board. Piano, bath. W/INSLBYDALB. IerkahIre.—APARTALENTS Ti) BE LBT ;two bedrooms and two sitting-rooms ;pleasantly situated.—Apply bars. Jolts 600rr, Thoralby, eyegarth Station, Yorkahlro.

1 D. W. 10.DWARDS, SHOP, OFFICF, AND HOTEL Kum% JOINMR. AND SHOP FRONT BUILDF,R, 83. VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM £lO TO 2500 NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIX maid AND FITTINGS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES FREE IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

DETACHED Furnished House for summer month.; over- looking sea, park, and lake ; three sitting-rooms, five ,ht drowns, hot water; pianofort3.—UOltLETT, beaforth, Ramsey, Isle <A Man. 1)013GL4 S.—Mrs. BA9THIMI, Pemberton House, 5, Empress-drive, Castle filona,sea views ; private sitting- rooms at moderate terms; tea, bed, and breakfast from as. 64, trams pass drive.

WELSH HILLS, 2k miles from Nannercb Station. Com- fort-0)1y tIND detached cottage ; two bed- rooms; three beds ; piano; lovely views and bracing air; £1 weekly.—hwaW, Ithes-y-cae. Holywell. 00IILINSHH, AItftYLLSIIIIttt HOUSE, to let, well 1..4 furnished. 8 apartments. Trout Fishing, Ththing, B".ting, two or three months. Extensive Scenery, mountain and Loch.—Appl PORTCHIBRON, lasmore, N.B.

itff ILNER'S SAFE. Burglar proof Holdfast Bands. list 3 .131 two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £45 ; my price £2l. Tao smaller ES 63 —Enweuns, 83, Victoria street Liverpool.

DOUaLAS, ISLEI OF MAN.—Cornfortable APART- M ENTA with or without board, Mrs. Vwx,Manchester /louse. 5, Castle Mona Avenue, Broadway ; within a few yards of shore and bathing ground. 'Berms. bed 2s, or tea bed and breakfast 3s 81.

PROVISION SHOP in the developing district of Collins Green, Burtonwood; goad opening; ingolng and rent reasonable.—Apply Fonenaw, Collins Green Brewery, Newton-le-Willows.

Blf SOLD, as a going concern, GOA 1111/tl3 DHSS BUSINSSS ; Horse, Cart, Gallon Battles. &c., at valua- tion ;no goodwill: good opportunity fur energetic man.- 61, UNIoN-1121MXT, Ardwick, Mpuchester.

208. to 33s a week can be earned on the "Original" POS- TER PATI3NT KNIT Mt ; knits stockings. socks. :M.—Write JAMES FuST. ER Maker, Friargate. rreBt.oll. -141ARMENWAa and China.—Seconds B 2 crate: Bests .Il—l £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 173. 6d. ; write tor ists.—%ykaa AND Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

_ TTANDSOM It BAY MANN ON SALII, four years old, 14 ut d a high, warranted sound and very quiet, broken to bncidle and Larness.—Apply J. GlooDwiN, B,oomsbury-lane, Timperley.

UANCY LBATIIBRWOBIC.—Leather, Tools, Patterns, Photo Frames, Mirrors, ko., sent to any address ; in- instruction book with 43 designs fuld price 115 t, 3 StaMPS.— HeNSoif EROS., Hackmondwike, Yorks. ShopS - supplied. is 1 S. ONE GROSS.-144 PILLS ls.—One Gross of any of the following Little Liver, Anti-bilious, Head and Stomach, Beaud, Compound Milliard, or Steel and Pennyroyal Pills, coated, will be Bent Nuneaton. post free for P.O. is. by Lseritu,Ctiernist,

" HOW TO BIiSURB HBALTIL" A medical work giv Ina Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of- all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Meiows. SABRES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, Lon- don, B.

EVERY MAN QUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility kJ should semi for a yalua 'a pamphlet explaining how all nervoua and organic arrosgements may be successfully' treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sedled, poet tree. Address— E. NORTON. 59, A 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O. lutardished 3O Years.

" BRCOMR YOUR OWN MASTRIL"—Three valuable TRADE ls. 7d. Can be made at your home at small cost but yield goo I profits. Write at Once and commence for yourself ; gentalne.—D.A.RßY, 3 Albert, Ten."' Y War 11°Wle - . r ng on. " The OLD VICTORY" by JOSIIPM NELSON, A.D., 1830, made from selected wood 100 ywirs old must sell, accept 21e. ; will give Purchaser my 10e. 6d. cure, Ivory matured Artist Bow, and 61 Tutor AC. ; approval, Post paid. Miss G. SIMMoN/11, Susan's Cottage. Broorafiell, Swanscombe. Kent.

_ ARDEN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and k)i- dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard wide, 3e. 2 y ards whirs. 6s. ; 3 yards wide. 9s. Carriage paid ordersover be, in value. Any length and width sup- blied ; use in the Royal gardens.—A. Porn% Wolverhansp ton, 101111IDTEOT YOUR GARDENS from ItA.VA.GES of BIRDS. --TANNED NETTING, 35 square yards for Is. Will not rot if left out in all weathers ; send any width ; carriage paid on all orders over 55. As supplied to the Royal Gar- dens. Sent on approval. Hundreds of testimonials. Common netting. 50 square yards for lg.—From NY. J. Gasems. Garden Net Works. Rye. Sussex. ELL-11.8TABLI5HED 1101.161 i FURN.OHING NESS PREMISES (lease is Id) in first-class position. TO BE BOLD at W gan : stock about £7OO rare opp.irtunlty; 'or une to be made in few years by energetic man : good openinv for small syndicate or limited company : 'fhis cffer can only remain open for a short time. also 8 Horse Gas Engine, Maker, Ronson. SHIPLEY, nearly new. Price £75, —4O, MARKET-STREET, Wigan. TENTS.—Cost the Government over £8 eaoh.Made of Pure White Waterproof Linen, ssarcely used, 40ft circumfer- ence, 10ft high, with poles. pegs, runners, lines, mallet, and bog, dc Including the very latest improvements to stand all clime' es and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis, bathing, Lhing, cimping-out lawns, boating parties, &C.; all complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each, carriage paid ; these are all picked tents and are as good as new ; special quotations tor three or snore ; can be sent on approval; two supplied Buckingham Palace ; catalogues of marquees free ; also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND RUBBRII SHER FS. 6ftby 3ft ; indispensable when camping out, 4s each ; can be used with the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent Manufacturer. Melbourne Works. Wolverhampton. Maker to e Qum =4 ?ADO, ei Wales.

GREAT SALE OF FURNITURE,

HESKETH AND DUTTON, 70, SANKEY STREET.

BOOMERS I ,CRBASSD getting orders Visiting Cards &C.; 50 per cent. prat; specimen books 4a.—CntP- CHISE, printer, Darlington. £lOO In Cash Prizes for Inventions. Stamp for con- ditions ; genuine.--Csturirs AND CO., 18, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, London.

VCZEMA CURED, by using Dr. BRADLNY'd ECZEMA it•J OILS; instantly stoo imtation. Post Prise ls. Id. and 2. d.NEIWONA. MANUFACTURING CO., Stauger-road. S. NORWOOD. London, E.E.

(-1 000 HOUSSWIVBS.—HassaII'o Domestic Oil Fuel re- kx quires no wood or coal to make a fire instantly; par- ticulars free; sample to lasts six months ; 6 stamps.-182a, CLERK ENIV ELL-ROAD, London.

CYCLE AGENT. 4. Ironmongers. Important Prices for PoPular " ROYALTY" CYCLES now reduced ; 1.400 Machines ready for delivery ; marvelous ba.gaius. Agents waisted everywhre:—Rtrystzr CYCLE Wonxs, Alcester- road, Mosley, Birmingham.

RECORDE CYCLE COMPANY, 107, BOLD-ST., LivERPOOL. New Machines, Detachable tyres, guaranteed twelve months. £7 123. Our £l2 12s. Machine to first 101 customers from this Depot £9 10s., fitted with inch pitch roller chain. becond•hand Pneumatics in stock from £4 ; Cushion tyre machines £6 uew. IthCORDE CYCLE CO., BIRMINOIUM & LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6510. Liverpool.

ETONIO CYCLES are absolutely without ,rival as regards quality, finish, and price. GEIST S from £lO 10s. LADY'S from £ll. Large stock of Best Swedish We'dless Cycle Tubes and Fittings of ell sizes. Plaiting, Enamelligg, Turning, tirazing. and Wheel Building tor the Trade. MOONLIGHT MANUFACTURING COMPANT, WORlES—tdgeva,e, Swithdown-lane, Liverpool, Branch,-49. Tunnel-road, Liverpool.

rl-YCL-RS.—OL/SAICH SALE, 1897 Patterns. Hurnhers ‘.../ 211 ; Raleighs £l3 ; New Rapids, £l4 10s. ; Lady's Cycle.. £lO each ; usual price £l3 Is ; bargains. Return railway fare paid to buyers, JENNINGS, 57, Deansgate, Man- chester.

Telephone N0.55.e : ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the more conveuleut premises NO. 15 BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

Common. WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDE. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal—Him ROGERSON. (loverne... Pupil wanted.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE. Head Master—Mr. J. p. HUG HR. Assisted by Nine Resident and Visiting Masters. Thorough training for professional and mercantile pursuits. 22 passed out of 26 in the last Cambridge Locals, Next term begins May 3rd.

'natal! at etr• 1 T IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DlRECT.—There- fore, Telephone " Avenue 5,891." or Telegraph " Subas- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATER-LANE,GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON, N.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. send for FREE ORDER FORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU. QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS lathe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Kogineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley patterns on appli- eation.—Telephone 229.

T ENT OFF IC 34 MA.NONESTEI3, ESTABLIEMED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVliiis t SON have ha .4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment, and possess practical k nowiedge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Law., price Is• GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., Ss SON, F.1.P.A... M•13•A" 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCIIESTER• -:-PECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS BRISTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all thelateet improvements. Full particulars on application

"TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. TT MOIMILL,I7 and 18. G reat St.Andrew-et.,BloemeburY, 1.11 W.C. Cheapest House i London for Briglien and Foreign Picture-Frame andltoomn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldtrigs.&c. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilditig. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pu,- lished, 107 pa gee containing all the newest designs for nix penny stamps, Class Lists Free monthly. Telegrsm RA BB T RY, London."

'• HOW I make £lOO yearly certain from 25 . Hens kept in aboolute confinement." Anyone can do it. Pamphlet 6howin4 method. Is. Id.--HOGER. 69, Ueorge-atreet, Oxford.

"GUS-4. Ed per Sitting ; Carriage paid ; Unfertile 1-4 replaced ; Indian Game. White Leghorn, Buff Orp ng- ton, Langehan Minereas, Buff Cochins, Light Brahma, Houdans,— Apply. HAMILToN 14,PeE. Salterton.

141GCIS PROD/ PRIZII FOWLS. Bieck Minorcas, White Leghorn, Plymouth Rocks,LlgLit iirahmas 8.8,0. Orp- ingtons, 4s. dozen, or 7s for two First Dross, especially for Laying Purposes Os. Inspect on of Stock Invited.—M. OLIVER. Halewood near Liverpool. IRSIOS.—Grand Pens, (Prize Strains). DOCKS, ORPING- LI 'anis. LIGHT BRAHMAS, sthviat WYANDOTTES, Houdans, Minoreas. Duff and White Lekhorns, Ayles- bury Ducks. 35. per dozen ; Puff Cochin ana euff Orping- tone, 3s. 6ct ; Mammouth Turkeys. 8d each; Incubators, 70 eggs 30a.; Gait Smashers. 33.—J. U. POW/CALL, bizsmiths Farm, Sankey, Warrington.

VGGS FR02,1 THR FINBsT SPNCIMn.NS and most ex- _ES traordinary layers ever sn.ated. My birth have grass runs. 14, gs an be had at once; Mundane. Minorcss, White Leghorns, White, Gold and Ruff Wyandottes, Ruff Rocks, Ruff Orpingtons,lndian Runner and Aylesbury Ducks, 2s 6d. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkey/; Cross Hinbden-Toulouse Geese.eggs Sd each, carefully packed ; unfertile replaced nspection of stock invited. —JoRN Roc, Poulton-le-Fyide.

I.IGGS SITTING.—In returning Thanks to my 1J patrons for riseir crinfideneta placed in me last season. I may say that frost. ports that have come to me my eggs gave general satinfactic and I shall do my best again this season. I have Black Minocras, Blue Andalusians, Hon ens, Red Caps, White Leghorn., Browa Leghornl, Indian Game, Buff Ccchins, White Brahman. Langshans, Black Orping. tons, Light Brahmins, Plymouth Rocks, and three pens of crosses Buff Orpington oock, Brown Leghorn Buff Cochin hens; White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. Also Dticas—itouens, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Game) 2a. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their owe eggs ; 3s. packed put on rail ; Indian game 4s. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is five minutes walk from Lowton St.Mary'a Station (NS. S. &L. 11.).—Addrens HENRI' DRAPER, Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane. Lowton, Newton-le-Willows. No Ibusiness done on Sundays.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, BUTTERMARKET-STRERT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD„ The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes, invils, Vices, Bellows, Nails, Screws. Bolts and Chains of 311 descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Rain Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Paints, and Colours, Gal- vanised Corrugated Sheets. Roofing Felt, &c., Forgings and Castings, Shafting and Pulleys. SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is lid. and Es. 94. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex land may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach send and kidneys; free the skin at humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, ;met excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mee. ourials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwertb-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ass SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. TEAS. TEA-4. TEAS. TEAS. Unequalled for PURITY, FRAGRANCE STRENGTH. LEADING PRICES. 1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PER LB. THE BEST VALUE OFFERED. HAMS. HAMS. COOPER AND ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. FROM 6. PER LB. nOOPER AND CO.'S reputation for High.- Class GOODS is known all over the kingdom.. and they never offer any GOODS of inferior quality to allow them to quote apparently low prices. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central Warehouses— ‘. GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON AND BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOM. Local Branch :- 4, BUTTER ARRET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE! HARR% HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BAKINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FoR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROY'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE. Ti ARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOI,..

WATCHES, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY. REAT ALE AT EUSTA.NCE AND CO.'S 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR A SHORT TIME PRIOR TO EXTEN3IVE ALTERA- TIONS IN PREMISES. ' In order to make as large a CLEARANCE as possible EUSTANCE AND CO. have decided to offer the whole of their VALUABLE STOCK AT BONA FIDE REDUCTIONS ROM 10 TO 25 PER CENT.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN CaMUM. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 relies and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limite 1. Orders should be givea ear,y .n the season to prevent dicippointment. Full particulars from R. D:CALLISON, Indoor anthEstates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. J. S. (1-ALLAND. Brooktields, Baddiley, near Nantwich.

Ebt 44 Oyaminer " 417erte0 OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mit-Cheshire Examiner, pu' lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published' every Friday afternoon. rrHE St. Helena Examiner, published every Friday' .1_ afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, putlisliecl every Satur- day morning, and rr HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. IS Os. 61. • is 3d. ... 2s. ed 27 Os. ed. ... ls. 10d. 3s. Od. 36 ls. 04. ... 2s, ed. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. Id. 6s. 04. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No adVerOi4 ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

JON ECCLES, IiNGINUER, FALCON WORKS, JOEIN-ST.. WARRINGTON. ANUFACTURRR OF SCALES, WEIGHING MACHINES AND WRIGHBRIDG6S FOR ALL PURPOSES. IMPROVED WIRE AND SPRING TESTERS, CRANES, TURN EABLI4S. RAILWAY PLANT, ,ku. Repairs undertaken in any Part of the Country by Experienced Workmen. ENQUIRIES SOLICITED.

THE EXAMINER. JUNE 10th, 1895.

FOR some time past the quese Mercantile Maiine • and the Navy. tion has occupied the atten" tion of members of the NavY League, and of others, how to provide means 1) which respectable boys can enter the mercantile marine. It appears to be patent to everybody, except the shipowners, that the increase of the foreign element in the merchant service is a source of weakness, and of possible danger to our naval supremacy. It is but natural that we should look to the merchant service to supply a reserve of sea- men for the defence of our shores against invasion , Yet we shall look in vain if, when the critical mo" , merit comes, it is found to be the case that the crews of the ships sailing under the British flag are aliens, and possibly enemies. How far the ; mischief is capable of cure is not easy to deter" mine. With the shipowners it is a question Of ' 1 wages, and perhaps of discipline too. Foreigners will work for less money, or at least are contest with wages which Englishmen accept unwillingly, and they do not grumble so loud and so long at bad food and, indifferent accommodation. ADr how, for these or other reasons many masters ce,Pl' tainly ship foreigners, with the result that an creasing percentage of them can be found in British vessels.lt may be that this is not the whole. of the explanation, and that the foreign owes his position to a dearth of English seamen. If the latter be the fact, it is not more reassuring than the assumption that tho foreigner is preferred because he is foreign. There ought not to be a dearth of English seamen, either for the QuEsN'S or for private service. The old sea-loving spirit has not died out. For British boys the sea has to' day the some fascination it always had, and if there be a dearth of seamen it is because there ie practically no way open for many boys who would , eagerly embrace a seafaring life. I The result of recent enquiries as to means by which these boys can outer the mercantile service, shows that the only way is to find a firm of ship- owners willing to take apprentices, and then to ' pay a heavy premium and provide an expensive 1 , outfit. The initial cost varies, but is not likely 1 to be less than £5O, especially if the parents or guardians of the boy know nothing about it, and have no friend who does know, to advise them. An outlay of this kind is a bar to the hopes of most boys, end from those apprenticed under these con- ditions the officers of the mercantile service are , 4111 largely recruited, and apparently the supply is - equal to the demand. The want that is mostly ex- perienced,however,is for means by which boys who do not possess the advantages of money or of influence, may nevertheless acquire such a know- ledge of seamanship as will fit them for life before the mast, and enable the country to maintain the supply of native-born sailors. To some extent the reformatory and industrial training ships supply the need ; but it is pertinently urged that there ought to be a way open to boys to enter upon a seafaring career without the preliminary condi- tion of having previously "gone wrong." A gentleman who had apparently given the matter special consideration and study, suggested not long since the formation of " a patriotic institu- tion," supported by the Government and assisted by shipowners, with suitable training ships, and agencies for giving information in all large centres of population. The suggestion is by no means one to be lightly valued, and it should not be too much to hope, in discussing the cognate question of the manning of the navy, that atten- tion may also be given to the supply of the seamen who constitute the National Reserve.

tat tri de ta nal au to ill it Pr bi te ra

al a ti Si 13

NOTICE TO NEWSAGENTS AND TaN PUBLIC. EARLIER PUBLICATION OP THE " R EUNCORN XAMINER." Ou and after FRIDAY NEXT. the 17th 317N11. TRH RUNCORN "EXAMINER" will BE ON SALEM In Runcorn at 8.30 ON FRIDAY MORNINGS. The Wail-BST PENNY 'WEEKLY NEWSPAPER In Runcorn and District.

..,_ ~, i iwr.--o,,ovsJeci,o segos- CAN cl.: BE ---, a FREE. S-',. ..,..---13.13' as• .., ,„Th_,, 4, •:, , el ,frj° 0 t C 4 I 0, (31 Address (a postcard will do): 11 60, 61 & 62, Bunhill Row s London, E.O. [Please mention this paper.] .1.,

Bracing! Refreshing! Invigorating! ADD A LITTLE Condy's Fluid sur TO YOUR BATH. The effect is magical, Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying "CONDY'S FLUID."

wfuHy oills CLOUDS OF wiTNEssEs Stand ready to attest the goodness of his Homceopathic Remedies. Every portion of this town contains some of these Ready and Willing Witnesses. HIS METHODS are such as to command the respect and win the Approval of THE PEOPLS Ile opens the door wide to Investigation, and iuvites the Closest Scrutiny. HE OFFERS 01 remedy as 's Cure-All, but for almost every disease he has a Specific that will conquer the Malady for which it is Designed. TESTIMONIAL 9, WILLINGLY RECOMMENDS MUNYON'S A WELL KNOWN POLICE CONSTABLE'S RFIEUMATISU CURE. TESTIMONY. Miss Maria Wilson, residing at No. 9, Orient-street, me. Bargess, polic‘s-constable, residing at 26, Clacetham, Manchester, says :—" I have suffered with Lime-street, Hightown, Cheetham, Manchester. says :-- severe rheumatic pains in my limbs for the past four have been suffering from severe attacks of rheumy' years. I have tried other medicines, but no relief earnl tism for several months, and was off duty nearly tyre to me. I heard of Munyon's Rheumatism Cure, and weeks on account of it I tried m toe. things but oh- purchased a bottle. After taking only a lew doses of tained no relief. I hoard of Munvon's Rheumatism Cure the little pills I had great relief, and 1 feel positive they and determined to give it a trial. After taking only a will entirely cure me. I will w llioZlYreoommenl few doses of the wonderful little pills the pains entirelf Munyon's Rheumatism Cure to all sufferers." left my feet. lam pleased to say I am now entirely The Munyon Remedy C9rnpany do not claim that they well. I willingly recommend Munyon's Rheumatism have one remedy that will curs all complaints, but that Cure to all suffarers." they have a specific cure for ne 4rly every disease. it is Munyon's Vitaliser, price 41.,is the greatest tonic ever not claimed that Munyon's Rheumatism Cure will cure discovered for men. consumption, dyspepsia, or any other complaint, hut Ask your chemist for free copy of Muoyon's Guide te that it is a positive cure for rheumatism. Munyon's Health, and treat yourself at home with harmle3s reins- Dyspepsia Cure is prepared expressly to cure dyspepsia; dies that contain positive cures for all diseases. Sold by. Munyon's Cough Cure to cure coughs ; Munyon's Catarrh all chemists, mostly one shilling a bottle. Remedies to cure catarrh ; Munyon's Kidney Cure to If you are in doubt as to what re 11e,i163 you need, cure kirinev trouble. The same may be said of all of write to Professor Manyon, 121, Shaftesburv-avenue Munyon's 47 different remedies. London, for free medical advice.

"Good. wine needs no bush." Tee same may ba said of Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. It once you try them for the cure of Indiges- tion, Wind on the Stomach, Biliousness, Liver Complait,r, &1., you wilt say Page Woodcock's Wind Plila recommend themselves. A prominent dusineas Man whose name is known in every quarter of the globe, says Your cele- brated Wind Pills are priceless tv me. lam never without a supply, and give many away. For Biliousness, Sick-headache, and Indigestion they are far before any of the largely advertised Patent Medicines, for I have tried most of them. Use my testimony as you Pleas. Give my name and address to any inquirer." " Here's another plain statement—Mr. Ben Simons, Sutton-on-Soa, says :—" For a long time I suffered from Indigestion, Loss of Appqite, and general depressinn ; life was a burden. I was tecomnaciaded to take Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. In a few weeks I was a new man, and now enjoy excellent health." Page Woodcock's Wind Pill being purely Vege- table, Tasteless, and IV.FId and T3ilie in their action, rn*S' be taken with perfect safety by the most delicate of either sex. Page Vi oodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicine Venders at Is. lid. and 24.11. ; post free for price by Page Woodc.,ck, Lincoln. Be particular that you ask for "Page Woodcock's Wind Pills," and see that you get no other.

TiAVE YOU A WI. BAD LEG WlT:Low:nu unichmaarwith fie, n or and tshweorlwl eine , talerwhhaeDn. !CIS Press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- al,e,a,aion P If so, under the skin you have poison that deficit remedies yen have tried, which, if not extracted, you iie.v,aa can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. ti;rfiates your knees are swollen, the joints being' ulcerated , a Berne with the ankles' round which the skin may be dig ccooloured, or there mar b‘t wounds, the disease if allowed to nue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may attended various hospitals a .d had medical advice, and Ptatl "utoond ; Y"urcas" is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- Perhaps but do not. for I CAN WE don't say YOU. I don' say • reason f -'V WILL. Because others have failed is no for 25 ~?r but not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order • bd. to a Vir. ALBERT, 73, FAIIRINGDON-BTRENT LIONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS is a O-rt.elo remedy for the cur.) of BA'S Legs 4111 2 'maids Knee Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pals) lel Lan

WARNER'S C,7C,1 HAS WO EQUAL. FOR LIVER TROUBLES, GrALIAL STONES, INDIGESTION. A.Wife SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH HANTS. —" For over ten years I suffered from ex- treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. 17ai;ing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried, I Was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. I took it for about five months, and as a tecult fully recovered my former good health, which I have enjoyed ever since. It is now five years since my recovery, and I have suf- fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —..(M15.) MARY ANN HART. 35.• ci e yrn sion•

lIINIEVICEORaiII a 11 64 , ; oo •,,,,.,,,..„.. 21 •._ . . ..... , EA 1 't" i s , i —.. 1 till '- ' „I.:. '-' mtl on% _ i.,..z.r.t...,.0 e -- 4, 0 44„,...„,,,, ikt „1 I3C3CTRACT OF IEIMTMEII4 fon MAKING NON-INTOXICATING =3O7E-17R. Ell yal masted but not equalled . One Tahle-spoontin ot Mason's 6ERracii:lellee rho makaastensG Gallon 1141:1)3 ,E,ER I i .. makos (Non-Intoxicating). The most ) alatalne, thus, It 1 quenching, refreshing, animatine tonic drink proluee- r able For every OPEN-AIR WORKER end all employed in Shoos Mills. bfl ufactortes. sled Mmes. Of all chemists SF and stores, or of NPBA. i DIASON, Nottingham E Bample Bottle Fro• 2 —lo.mee. 2 for 15 Staxnps-

- LADIES NDISPENSIBLE TO LADIES I Partfeularl? those wjo Z desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-Injurlood ".,,,tledy for all obstructions and Irregularities, a medi- V" which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which aye baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady lked despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases 47's been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. oon, of Honor Oak Park, Forest 11111, says; "Your .Valuable remedy took immediate effect; in lead 12 hours 1 was all right, after 18 weeks of p-" Nary and hopelessness." A properly certified 4leantee is enclosed with testimonials and medicine. 3.o•Package at 8/8 is usually sufficient for any case. send at once fully directed envelope for particu- -‘r4 and proofs. I will forfeit £2,00() if the tech- are not aenuineAn Thousands of unsolicited tZstirrionials have been received. Do not be misled by Ny',?....Y advertisements and other so.called remedies "leb are utterly worthless and f raudulent imitations. ~tiorice.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have e largess sale in the entire world, being the oldest and t„nlY harmless medicine of its kind for ladies, and n'rea more patients in one month than all other Female remedies put together in twelve months. This can Proved by our Testimonials. vel,f You require more particulars, I will send you per 31,,c1,11r,0 of pust, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid t° (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, Co pages and ustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars ,the wonderful effectire remedies 23 advertised -,T5 sold in every town and village in Great Britain. i'nraultations Free every day 3to 7, Established Years. hd ova- Do net delay, but Write at once privately to MADAME- FRAIN awfuoim Institute, Hackney Road, London, L. (OPPn•te Shoteditch Church.)

POSTAL INFORMATION YOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.-Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.-Wigan 4-0 a.m.-Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.-Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.-Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heaney Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, ntretton, yVarburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.-For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.- Mannhester. Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, uurham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a m.-London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.-Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, asid the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.-Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.-Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, . Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.-Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Mitre, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor. humberland , and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.-Londou, S.-Ea-tern. midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.-Chester. Wrexham, Llandalao, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoo and South 1-40 p.m.-Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath. Bristol, Exeter. Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumbarland, Wlgan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m - Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhich Nantwich and Sanobach 2-45 p.m.-Frodsham, Fredsham Bridge. Ifelsby. Widnes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.-Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate awl Bewsey 3-15 p.m.-Lyrnm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.-St. Helens 4-0 p.m-Manchester 5 p.m.-Li verpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.-Manchester Peterborough. East Lincolnshire. wigau, 'Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5_45 p.M. Saturdays only, Qaeenstown and the IJ.S.America 6-15 p.m.- Town Delivery 9_30 p.m.-Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle ot Mau, snd ScoUanl 10-30 p.m -Night Mail Desp.tich. All Parts -10-45, extra lialtpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.-London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign betters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursd eye when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is Suspended.l EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st.. Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Hours of 1 Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. -Parcels are despatched at 1045 RM., 2-15, 7-15 pan„ and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 I nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Wiuwick. All places south of Grove. Ireland and all parts Wrist of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, Loudon, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wale*, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Heiens, Southport, and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. .., Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES, All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING RoUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXFS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

A CERTAIN CURE FOR CONSTIPATION. BILIOUSNESS DyspEpsa. RETCHING. WIND. SICK HEADACHE,' AND ALL COMPLAINTS OF TH2 LIVIPt awn KIDNEYS Infallzble Remedy for Brig/it s Disease. Don't he without them. Price Is. ltd. Box. Order at once of your Chemist, or send to L V PILL COMPANY, 10. Fenchurch-buildings. London, E.C.

***************** * * 41. Buy the * ,i ir • . i .. * 4% '7' St e , • ,:411,-4-: * ,' :41 ; 'o'' We presume that you take ' 0 •if-,,.,,i,: * * an Emulsion of cod-liver oil isi%,f; * * because you are not in the best qi * * of health and want to get well. * 1 , ~ , 4k ~.1....404,ye Why not always buy the best L " * zEmulsift? There is only one standard, * 7 which is -Af--- * A .4 9 ell: SOO L., 4:: s aril ifiSion• : * Asgms22222r'm4acw7 4a,*055t8,-,4.,0,,,:ii.-, •( * The rest are all judged by the Scott * 2 standard. But they are not Scott's and never * will be Scott's. The manipulation of Scott's * *Emulsion is the most wonderful thing about * it. It is perfect. * A very simple test is enough. * * TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO at * OTHER. IF * SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E,C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. * /F ji._* ***************** 310031E111313EXWPM Fig & Lemon Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIBLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to k..j be the most is and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CILLORODYNE is the beat renledy known for coughs. Consumption. Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague.' -111LORODYN IL acts like a charm Diarrhcea I._ 1 a ~/ and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CEILORODYNiII effectually Cuts short all attack. of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. raBLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural gia, Eheumatism,Gout, Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis Bcc. From Dr. B. J. COULToN AND CO., liorneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our ' practice lately and look. upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita• Mon in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling tf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other reniedy, snd it seems to no,sess this great advantage over ali other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. •• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he 'received a despatmi from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that 'the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO. DiNg."—See Lancet, tat December. IBC CAUTION.—BEWARE OF 'HONS. Caurrox.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Hr. J. CoLLIS BRoWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of C LO WAN " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to say had been sworp to.—See Tunes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. ed. None is genuinewithout the words " COLIS BROWN'S caLououy,NE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony acorn nanles each bottle. SuLE MdNUFACTURERS :—J. T. DeNNNYCULT Russell-street, Boomsbury, Lon ion . 33. Great

OUR CDAINLESS SAFETZ IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRIBE, SEND FOR ILLINTRA.TED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, botla for Quality and Finish. INPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASII DISCOUN7.' Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

unnecessarily large packets of Seeds DON'T WASTE MONEY ! By Purchasing when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ON PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality conveniently email quantities.Ec PRSS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think thfti, a very desirable scheme " Penny Packet System) "is here Propuun Peter- borough Standard." " An expecience or sevensi years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that coat tined in larger and mt.re costly packets."—.- Newcastle Chronicle." " The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur garuenerS and others who desire to make th,-l' gardens look bight duri the corning season in a very ecuuomicssl and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VECif TA.BLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. ! Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain log Lists of Vegetable and rower Seeds, bulbs, Roses, nerdy Plants, kc., wit b de-criptions an , cultural directions, and bUO 'Bust, atione, the whole forming a complete biarden Guide, gratis and post free.

v ~..v HOLLOWAY'S OINTME CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, MO) Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy) CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, Sze. IT IS INVALUABLE IN TER TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Sprains, Barns, Scalds, and EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

rworwvowreoCivvrrvv~AtvWoo Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers 1s of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- : chse. Makes a cup in a moment. __ _ _

-airowniE,sLOOM 'IS 1-11E-LITE"- 1 cLARKEPc -; WORLDrFAMEI3 IBLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TXSTIMUNIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture. , It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Bczerna, skin lid Bloor Diseases, Pimples. and Sores of all kinds, its effect are mary :dons. It is the only real specific for Gout an Itheuma Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood an bona Thousands of Testin...,rdals. In bottles 2s. 9.4. an Ils, cos l, of all Chemists. Sent roL 13 or 132 stem ns by Pro priiiot s. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRAM sIPA.NY. LINCOLN. Boware of Worthless Imitations. weeKte,Npooora 45244.1.Gt•0MD004,609 a Satisfactory alike to guest 4 0 and host is coffee made with Symington's Edinburgh CoffeeB fit Essence. Sold in small ..:,- nd. lar,re (i) bottles by Grocers everywhre

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE D E NTISTR Y. EIETII. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. T METH. All consultation', free. TEETH. Rach patient informedwor requirebfrdhand the cost to TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 'TEETH. AnIM.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Datorr itptnroausa hitherto by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,004 gallons weekly. krors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BT:EX.I.It.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (NAT. Tea. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CIIURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TU ESDAYS, at Mrs. Mints WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANSII2,BT RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDON-BT. INORTIIVirICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMA.RICET-ST.

DEATHS. RUNG ORN. Wairreami—On the 2nd hist, at Sewell-street, Runcor It Robert, infant eon of Mr Thomas Whittaker, aged 2 years MARTIN—On the let lust, at 34, Gilbert,treet, Anal daughter of Mr. William Martin, aged 2 years. HAMBLETON— On the lit inst, at 3, Rook Mount, Heath-road, ,-,Maria. daughter of Mr. John Mambleton, aged 5 years. CARRINGToN—On the 6th inst, at Weston, Thomas Oar rington, aged 35 years. SHAW—On the 4th hut, at 2, Salisbury-street, Arthur Shaw, aged 47 years. GRIFFITHS—On the 6th inst. at Grove-street, Ann Griffith,, aged 59 years. STREETS —On the 9th inst. at S., Rock-Mount. Edna, daughter of Mr. John Barnett Streets, aged 19 months. PAGE the 2nd inst, at 20, Ashridge-street, Alice,daughter of Mr, Peter Page, FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINUTON (Opposita Arpley Station), S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,ToMbs; Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble. all' Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
