===== 0002601_18981216_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY, FRIDAY, DECENIBER 16m, PRESHNTATION OF

"THE EXANIINER " LARGE SHEET A L ANACK, for 1899, embellished with a pictare representing THB NEW POLICH BUILDINGS FOR WARRINGTON, As per the accepted design by R. BURN-DICK, Beg , Architect, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

Li EDITIONS Information corrected to the

FIVE LOC Are published containing Full ,test date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNLALS OF WORSHIP MAGISTRATES FAIRS, CARRIERS. &c, POSTAL AND INL kND REVENUE INFORMATION FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Burtonwood Penketh Daresbury Preseot Earle stown Runcorn Frodsbarn St. Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lymm Thelw all Moore Wairington Newton Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston

THE EXAMINER" (8 FACES, 56 CoLumNs)

AND LARGE SHEET ALAANACK ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
OYAL COURT THEATRE.

.A.A, MADAME FLORICNCE MARRYATT. The celenrated authorms and novelibt will appear each evening next week in THU GAMICKREPER, A new and original Domestic Drama.

WARRINGToN WoAEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL SOIRNE AND DANCE,

IN PARR HALL ON TUESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 17TH, 1899. Full Particulars shortly.

PARR BALL, WARRINGTON. TOMORROW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18TH AT a P.M. IMPURITY," AN ADDRESS To YOUTHS AND YOUNG MEN, BY MR. A. B. WINDLE, SECRETARY or MEN ONLY. COLLECTION. CHAIRMAN: REV. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS.

CHURCH OF THE SACRED HEART, LIVER- POOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL BALL IN CONNECTION. WITH THE ABOVE WILL BE HELD IN THE GYMNASIUM, PALAYRA-SQUARE, ON BOXING NIGHT, DECEMBER 26TH.

GRAND CIRCUS, WARRINGTON. RETURN. VISIT.

FOR ONE WEEK, COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 19, 1898. TWO GRAND AFTERNOON PERFORNANCES THURS- DAY and SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22nd and 24th, which Will be equal in every respect to the Performance given in the Evening. DOORS OPEN AT 2. COMMENCE AT 2.30. MESSRS. LIVERMORE BROTHERS.' MINIATURE ITALIAN CIRCUS, From the ZcilogicAl Gardens. Vienna. Messrs. Livermore Bros. beg to intimate to their numorous Patrons that they have made arrangements with SIGNOR VOLPE for the appearance of his Wonderful Troupe at the Enormous Salary of

===== 0002601_18981216_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
£250 PER WEEK

_ This is an entertainment that MUST BE BERN TO BE RELIEVED OVER 10) TRAINED ANIMALS! 53 MONKEYS, 50 DOGS, lci PONIES, 4 GOATS.

ITALIAN BRASS BAND.

" This Marvellous Entertainment consists of BARE-BACK RIDISES. CLOWN DOGS. CLOWN MONKEYS. Per- forming PONIES and GOATS. Grand Pantomime and Burlesque. Absolutely the Largest and Best Troupe of Per- forming Animals in the World,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT MILITARY TRIAL BY EIGHT MONKEY

JUDGES.

Popular PrieeB 2s„ ls., 6d., and 3d. Dora open each Evening at 7-30; Commence at 8. Barly Doors open each livening at? O'clock (to avoid the Crush), 3d extra to all Parts. SPECIAL NOTICE.—AII Adults paying for Admission to the Afternoon Performances will have the privilege of bring- ing Two Children FREE OF CHARGE tl all parts except the Gallery.

--- Ciwil Busineei and B til C49e9 wit be taken at the lkbove Pesiz^s. HERBER r srEPEIEN,CIerk of Assize. 431E^e of Clerk of Assv, Prestm, 13th December, 189 a,

--- / is particularly requested that all Depositions, fequisitione, and Recvniz,ncei i.y ks, r!,l•neliatelY '49/aided to nia At Preston.

2

No. 1027.

ONE PENNY.

ebriamas IbberiseintittO.

LANCASHIRE EPIPHANY QUARTER SESSIONS

NOTICE is Hereby Given, that the GENERAL QUARTER SRSSIONS OF THE PEACE for the County of Lancaster will be holden at the Castle of Lancaster ,on MONDAY, the Second day of January next, at Ten o'clock in the forenoon ; and, by adjournment, at the following places and times, viz. At the Court House, in PRESTON, on WEDNESDAY, the fourth day of January next, at Ten o'clock in the forenoon. At the Assize Courts, in MANCEIESTER,on MONDAY, the Ninth day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the forenoon. At the County Sessions House, in LIVERPOOL, on TUESDAY, the Seventeenth day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the forenoon. The Solicitors engaged in rrosc3utions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all Depositions and Instructions for Indictments are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said Sessions respectively. F. C. HULTON, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston, 12th December, 1898.

ebristinas Mibertistments.

JAMES BRAMWELL,

FRUIT AND GAME SALESMAN,

NEW MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON,

Wishes to inform his customers and the public that he will have a LARGH StILHOTION of PRIME FAT GEESE, TURKEYS, RABBITS, GAME, &c.

FOR CHRISTMAS WEEK, which will be sold at

LOWEST MARK ET PRICES.

Drawing Clubs will do well to call at J. D's stall before purchasing.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.

efirtstinas Ibberttsenunts.

ARTIIUR DAVIDSON

(LATE LOWE AND LAITHWAITS). 61, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOk.

ebrfainas Artxtertiorments.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
[STMAS

NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS. R. CLAMP & SON,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURURS OF

,-,, TRAVELLING REQUISITES,

CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSFI CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

AND 12, LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

Ey posl,l is. 734 d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. is 9d. per Quarter credit

ebriamas 23bertt5rment5.

TO IMPROVE YOUR 'XNIAS TURKEY

FIXTURES, (Se:.ond hand.—Shop or Office, Counters, Showcases, Shelving, Desks, Scales, Weight.. Canisters. Coffee Mills, Butt there' Blocks, Sates Copper Urns. Par- tioning, Marble Slabs. Gasfittings, 011 Tacks, Confectioners Glasses. cheap.—Suitrores,9, St. Anne-street, near Islington. Liverpool. .

===== 0002601_18981216_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
gbrianz z 5 lb b ert iseirt en t 5.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH have built their BUSINESS on quality Which is the best test of cheapness. 22 C_i , Bu TTE EZ MARKET 13 rREET, WA RRING TON.

FORFIRST-CLASS PRIvATS DENTISTRY. Timm. Appointments unnecessary but may lbe arranged TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the 004 for work required. TEETH. Gold cud other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An EX., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. /Unless Extraoeftliciaraotis sITx ;hateAD by the aid T"TH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons Weekly. Ilmors. of the late

J. H. pARKINso, (DENTIST BY BEAM.) MANCHESTER.— ..... 15 5103 911;163i (Tai 41;). " Y-STRE Er

LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREEX (Telephone 2155)

Sr. HELMS ..... •

MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN BREDGE-SITEEr TUESDAY, 2 p m.

WAREINGTON SANKEY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, 2 t 5.

RUNCORN,- -____ -....31, BRIDGE-STREET, THURSDAY, 2 0 5.

NORTHWICH....—...IB, APPLNIIALUT.STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 2.

CHRISTMAS 1898•

FISH, POULTRY, AND GAME.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOK OUT FOR

REARDON BROS'

===== 0002601_18981216_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DISPLAY OF

GEESE AND TURKEYS,

FISH, POULTRY,

REARDON BROS.

GAME, &c.

STALLS NOS. 1,2, 9, AND 10.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TOP AND BOTTOM OF

FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

J. P ARKINSON'S

SHOW OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS ARE NOW ON VIEW. SPEOIALITE, PRIVATE PRINTED CARDS AND OUR CELEBRATED sp. PACKET, WORTH 23. 6D. J. PARKINSON, 45, SANNEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OYSTERS, OYSTERS, OYSTERS.

FEARON,

OYSTER MERCHANT. MARKET PLACE, WARRINGToN

BEGS to REMIND hie CESTOM4II3 and the Public generally that he has a FRESH SUPPLY DAILY of the beet quality of OraTbitS, which will be found to be free from any injurious matter.

BEST IRISH BEST DUTCH 2s. 61. „ SPLENDID BLUE PUESTS Is. 0 SADDLE ROCKS OTHER AMERICANS

ALL ORDERS SAFRLY PACKED IN BACI

===== 0002601_18981216_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN AND COUNTRY ORDLRS PROMPTLT

ATTENDED O.

CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASE DRAPERS. ANNUAL WINTER SALE' ANNUAL WINTER SALE NOW PROCEEDING. NEXT BONUS DAY D; CEMBER 24T1t. SPECIAL NOTICE: EACH MORNING DUR- ING THE SALE THE FIRST LETTER ORDER OPENED WILL BE SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE, AND CASH RETURNED TO CUSTOMER.

WE close at 7-30 p.m. (Saturdays excepted) dur- ing the Winter Months. .

CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED, 82, 84, 86, AND SS, OLDHAM-STRZET, MANCHESTER.

ALT, IVIA LiR IE D PEorLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO RIC36AIN 114.PPr, PRogpEßous AND FREE FROM CARES. INVALUABLIi INMOC%IATION SENT 1r JOH on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. BECOMMBNOBO BY A Prio.dINHNT PROFESSOR. WRITE AT ONCE TO J. lb ILLS, & Co., 51, SCHOOL-LAINE, LIVERPOOL.

''.......:,:...',"'''-' . '..-- -, ,T,:j..!! ./....,...;....:...

6%

~. 2

\

===== 0002601_18981216_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ZADIES' LETTER. MY Dims NELLIE.

Since last week I have been tha fortunate recipient of a new blouse, which someone has very kindly presented me with. And it is such a lovely one too. If you could but see it on I am sure you would like it, because it fits so splendidly. Let me try and describe it to you. It is composed of 'cerise glace silk, and the body part is veiled with transparent sequin net. The latter need not necessarily be black, but that is the colour of mine. Gathered cerise chiffon compose the neck and collar. The blouse has cross-over revers, which extend into a turn-down collar at the back. 'The revers are covered alternately with frills, ,e.erise chiffon and kilted lisse. If you think you would like a blouse made after the same pattern, I should recommend you to get the lisse of the same colour as the net. The sleeves are plain, with lace at the cuffs, and the belt is composed of black velvet ribbon. Altogether I think you will agree that the foregoing will make a very dainty blouse. •

their cal _ man. coming winter season are just now occupying the minds of many mothers. I think the costumes are coming into vogue, and I think that you will agree with me that these garments 8110Uld be of a light, warm, yet durable substance. Some people of my acquaintance prefer a waterproof garment, but I have heard two opinions about them for winter wear. I should advise you to have a good look round before deciding the material of which the children's jackets are to be composed. But above all, although tastes in this direction differ, 7 should suggest that the capes be made plain.

Coiffures again,' imagine you to say Well, it is about this subject that I again address you. Another suggestion for the manner in which you may carry your hair. You know I don't like to bother you with so many different patterns that I have seen, but I trust you will forgive me for endeavouring to inform you as to the latest mode of coiffures, for you know how absurd it looks for a girl to appear a month behind time, or rather, fashion. This time it is the evening coiffure. The hair should be slightly undulated in wide, natural waves, which do not suggest the curling irons. You will -require two frames or frizzettes, one to cross the top of the head and taper off above the ears, and the other to go below the head. These are fixed after the lower part of the hack hair is waved and combed down, and the front from the ears upwards is allowed to fall over the face. The hair is then turned up at the back, and all the front drawn over the top frizette, and the ends collected and securely tied. If not sufficient for the knot, they may be pinned fiat, and a few curls made from the ends, and a knot may be fixed or and upheld by a jewelled comb. A few ends n...y be rled and brought to the front, a narrow comb with paste top having a very graceful effect in front of the coil. You will lid this coiffure is not at all difficult to arrange, more especially if the hair is thick, but short, when the small knots may be added, and the ends uted for the little fluffy

1 daresay you will be thinking of presenting books to some of your little friends. Every winter the number of iitory-boolts especially intended for the delectation of young people seems to increase. Although "a sift-book" must necessarily present a handsome appearance I would remind you that any intelligent boy or girl would rather have a really good story in the plainest ot covers than a tedious tale beautifully bound. That old absurd notion that anything in the way of literature would do for young people, provided that it was quite innocuous end pointed a "moral," has Almost expired. - -

I have been looking at vast numbers of hats -during the last week, hut the best I think I have seen was a grey ribbed felt. On the right side there were two large ostrich feathers of a greyish tinge, nearly resemblitig the hat in colour, whilst • coming from under the brim was a similar feather, which partially covered tme brim. In front of a low crown was placed a black bow of velvet. I - saw also a similar hat, with brim bending down- - wards back and front, and in a golden brown felt, had a big flai, bow of dark brown velvet across the brim in front, behind which a band of sable was so arranged as to cover almost entirely the brim at the back. The very smartest of toques is nothing but a close-fitting shape plainly covered with • velvet, and two ostrich feathers curling round the brim. I should suggest as the only other adorn. meat, a heavy gold buckle placed in front so as to hide the joining of the two feathers. Your loving

.LLOUS POLY P HON MUS CAL —BY THBMSBLVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much su- perior tone. BUNDRIIIJS TUNES can be played. You can choose your own tunes. 'IEI6IIA AND UP-TO-DATE ices from 1.2 i. 63. to £23.

ARCHER & SONS, To 49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

c / i / / / / i ~ , Children and Tea and • tiles for the

I shotuu __ 01 11 ,1, , - it li!,4 '- 7 'N,\ A \V I I ' • \ \ ..)

, -/2 / / 71( v /• : •• 1,.:7.i1t,;,, , • n . ."-^4 .ilirk\ '

vvE,L, LAY LA BuXl'.s At Ch pri 43

===== 0002601_18981216_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USED, MeDOUGALU PATENT S SELF-RAISING FLOUR ONCE TRIED,

WOMEN'S CHAT." Although the boar's head for the Queen's Christmas boat dis generally supplied by her Imperial grandson in Germany, ahe stands hi little need of such a gift—as ber Majesty possesses a fine herd at her own. The breed was good ia the days of George IV, and the Prince Con- gers greatly inipeovect it, and enlarged the enclosure where the evil I Swine are kept. Eecelleet epecirnens of the saugher are the mutt, and a favourite walk of the Royal guests at Windsor is in the direction of the Schweingarten where the great beasts ext,and fight,and bask tneir days away. The beef laid on the Royal table is, of course, supplied from beasts on Her Maje,ty's own farms, they being among the finest in the ceuretry, and fully deserving the numerous paz,..s they carry off during the year. A con- trioutiou of beef is also sent from Sandringham, for the Preece of Wales, thorough country gentleman and Practicil termer as he is, stands second only to his Royal mether in this dirmion,and often makes presents of barons at beef, at the great winter feast, to his relatives. Preparations for Christmas entail an enormous amount of work on the Royal kitchen at Madrid, which is con- trailed by a Frenchman. He has at his orders, more than thirty individuals who are divided into cooks, but- lers, ice confectioners, pastry cooks, assistant cooks, and se:unions. The style of cooking is French, with a con- siderable admixture Di Spaniela and German dishes. . Dinner is partaken of at seven o'clock, and when this meal is over, the lahoers of the French head cook, and meet of his suboreinates come to an end. The servants doing night duty then teens their work, if such it may be celled, since it consists of sitting up all night in case any member of the Royal Family desires anything in the eating and driukiag way—a thing which occurs very seldem. The Princess of Wales' autograph book is a huge volume, and one in which Her Royal Highness takes a keen interest. It contains the name of almost evsry celebrity in the world, and its leaves many of them, Kaye been 'ruminated by the Marchinness of Lorne, the Empress Fiederick and several ether members of the Royal Feintly. Lord Ki,emeuer, tefors leaving Sandring- ham was b, n Ailed Yek,ii a request that lie would inscribe Lite name theeem. Compared with many men of fame, Lord Kitchener write an excellent hand, as dess also Lord Wolseley. The Price° of Wales writes fairly well, a h gible, rather heavy hand, with a Sant to cue right, and a freedom Item flourish. Lord Salisbury can scarcely be said to excel to this particular uirecti ;n. The Premier writes with a tine nib, lightly, and very badly. Mr. A. J. Baifour takes utter his uncle, les writing being very difficialt to oecipher. Leidy Jerkey, wh with the Earl, is entertaining a suc- eeteien of gm sts at Middleton Park, near Bicester, is a woman of rare social tact and mental gifts, and these give her a more enduring title, as Queen of Scciete„ than mere pescmal charms can furnish. Her three daughters " divinely tall, and most divinely tair " inheris, their mother's secial gifts, and unaffected cearm of manner. Lady Jersey has written a good deal, her bast work having been done for children, for whom she has written a play, several stories, and two volumes of hymns. During theitwo years her husband was Governor of New South Wales, Lady Jersy was hie right hand, and immensely popular. The latest engagement rings are beine Let with single stones, and these,usually diamonds. When Her Majesty was in her twenties, and until a much later period, the only stone recognised as fashionable for engagement rings was tee diamond. Then came the opal, but the superstition connected with that stone interfered consi- derably with its prosperity, and it was Boon banished in favour of the turquoiee, the blue of which, is supposed to he symbolic of happy days. The Empress Eug6aie favoured emeralds, and as she was recognized as ths leader of fashion all over Eurepe, the vogue enjoyed by the incomparable green stone was very great. Then followed she reign of sapphires which lasted more than a decade, text came the ruby, and now we have the diamond again. Diamonds in conslderable numbers are still being found in New South Wales, but the true matrix has not yet been eiscoveted. When both its lociale and nature have been ascertained, it is probable that New South Wales will become one of the lesdiag diamond producing countries u the world. The work of prospecting is i how ever el fficult, tedious, and costly, by reason of the mountainous character of the parts in which gems are plincirally found. Aitlficial pearls are produced in abundance, so are diamonds, rubies, and emeralds, which are turned out in the labera'ory, taut they ate of little value. There is thouele a new system for the cultivation of pearls which, as now produced, cannot be distinguished from the real and genuine article. This consists of introducing 601130 sinag foreign substance into the shell of the pearl oyeter, in order that the mollusc, to relieve iteelf front the irritation so caused, may elver it with nacre. The practiced introducing grains of sand into the shell has long been known in the East, tut the oyster can nearly always eject them, and if net the result would only be a foreign eutstance coated with pearl. The new method is to intro :ute a small, trod comparatively valueless pearl,weieh is done by holing the shell, and securing it ineide to the great inconvenience cf the oyster. In about two years, time, if all goes well, this is trans- formed into a fine large specimen, which dealers cannot tell Irons the true orient pearl. Boas are altering their shape somewhat. The flat, or round vatiete are no longer emaned by fashionable *omen. Cp-to-clate boas show a decided inclination to warde the Medici collar, and stand away from the face. The mode is a becoming ens, and those women already in poisession c,i furs which bays been used as Medici collar trimmings should lose no time in convert- in.; them into a boa, when ehey will have the satiefac- t: on of knowing that they arc "moving with the times " and at ,i.tle experse. The fans being shown just now are, many of them lovely, almost teyond description. There are the white ostrich feather specimens, with a handsome aigrette, and mounted on mother o'pearl stieks,tnen there are the real white lace fans, with gauze centre piece, painted ia a design of cherub' and fairies, mounted on mother o'pearl sticks, inlaid with gold. For those who prefer, from choice Of necessity, to be more economical, there are white gauze fans, lightly spangled with steel sequins white silk fans with band painted medallions, in the Watt( an style, or black net specimens, ornamented with appliques of white lace. The most stately of all, are undoubtedly, thoee built of ostrich leathers. The Prin- cess ef Wales, who, with the Marchioness of Lorne, and the Duchess of York, is an ardent fan admirer prefers this style beyond all others. Tremendously thgioccleoutiteenrcr flannels, overinge anond a crn ot koeeppatrhae. body warm as do d w tivrey light costume can safely be worn if the under- clothing is of some warm material. Cellular cloth is ex- cellent for urderwear, it washes well and does not need to be ironed. For night dresses it is invaluable, and ean be had in any variety of shades, stripes and pretty pale tones. There are two qualities of cellular cloth, the bet- ter having an admixture of silk in it. which makes it extra warm and comfortable. Scone Pudding.—Put two eges on the part of the eeales where the weights are usually placed, then weigh against them dour, castor eugar,and butter, so that you will get the exact weight of the eggs in each. Now put the butter and sugar into a basin, and work it until soft and creamy. Stir in the yolks of the two eggs (well betatni), add the flour, and half a teaspoonful of baking powder, also about six dreier of vanilla essence. Whisk the whites of the eggs to a stiff froth,aad stir lightly in. Well butter a mould or basic, reur in the mixture, and bake in a quick oven 30 minutes. Turn out on a hot dish, and serve with plain boiled custard, jam, or timed fruit It is delicious hot or cold. " MADGE."

Oct.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB,

FIX LURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. OR .s.ok Sept. —Swinton, h 3 3 10 —Oldham , h 0 ...... 9 17—St. Helens, h 3 ...... 0 24—Widnes, a Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe. h 15—Barrow, h lO 5 22—Rochdale H., a 3 2 29—Tyldesly h 2l 4 Nov. s—Millom, a 12—Broughton R. n 19—Oldham. a 0 35 26—Morecambe a 7 2 Dec. 3—Ehrrow, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, h 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 31—Swinton, a Jan. 2- 7—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. h 21 —Tyldesley, a 29—Stockport, a Feb. 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford, is 18—St. Helens, a. 25—Broughton t Mar. 4—Rochdale 11, n 11—Widnes, is 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie h Apr. I—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn , a B—Hull K Rovers, is 15—Birkenhead W

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES AND RESULTS. To/ill's. FOR AGST Sept. 3 —WigaL, A ...... 4 3 10- 17—Salford, la 24-01dham, a I—Leigh. 111 3 B—Widnes. a 15—Cheshire v Laucashire 5 22—Tyldesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire. Nov. s—Morecambe, Is 12—Salford, a 19—Chesbire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton R., h 5 ' Dec. 3—Bradford, a 10—Swinton. h 17—Rochdale If., h

24—Broughton R., a 26—Warrington, a 31—Tyldeqey, h Jan. 2—St,.llelens, a

7—Swinton, a

14 —7W;i 21—Stockport, h 28—Leigh. a Feb. 4—St, Helena, h 11—Morecamb3, a 18—Widnes, It 25—Rochdale H., a Itlar. 4—Oldham, h 11—Stockport, a Apr. 3—WarrinBton, h

WIDNE9 FOOTBALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD HEALTH WITHOUT DRUGS.

3.-THE WORK OF LIFE.

Dr. Tibblee' Vi-Cocoa is not ia any sense a medicine. It is simply a nourishing beverage, and in that respect it plays a most imemtint part in the prevention of futcional disorders. In three important organs and others, it has a wonderful faculty of giving power to the involuntary muscles of the belly. By involuntary ' we understand those muscles not controlled by the will. Those enuereei which carry on the work of life without our consent, end uolees looked at carefully, in many , instanms, without our knowledge ; such as the beating of the heart when asleep, the breathing of the lungs, the action of the kidneys, and the digestive precess. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa acts on these in a nourishing and strengthenMe eense, conserves tho s'reneth of these involuntary muscles, prevents undue waste, and by its beneficial action gives health and vigour to men and women. As people I;n2come more intelligent, they see that tliey should try and prevent disease. It seems strings, when one comes to consider it, that tbe efforts of m-dical science are directed to curing, when prevent- ing would seem to he a more rational proceeding. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa hes proved itself victorious over every other food beverage in the market to-day. Any- one c tri ,iatkfy themselves on this point, and if anyone who reads this Is seffering from a deranged or sluggish liver, lei him or her leave off gulping down spirits, beer, tonics, drugs of all morte, and try and prove this mist weaclerful Food beverage, which will do more to promote and maintain a healthy action of the liver than all the ac-called remedies.To the sedentary brain-workiir who sits hour after hour in a stuffy room, coining his thoughts into current literature, to the lawyer poring over his brief—er reading hard ; to the quill driver ; we say, take to Dr. Tibbiee' VeCricoa, and you'll find after a week or so of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa you'll be in that happy state that you won't know you have a liver, and your life will be full of sunshine. The unique vitalising and restorative powers of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa are being rclaised to an extent hiterto unknown in the history of any preparation. Dr. Tibbles' VI-Cocoa, can be obtained from all Chemists, Grecers and Stores, Or from 60,61 and 62, Bin-hill Raw, London, E.C. Merit, and merit alone, is what we claimed for Dr. 'fibbles' Vi-Cocoa, and we are prepared to send to any reader (a postcard will do) who names the Warrington "Examiner," a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi- Cocoa free and post paid.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

FOR Sept. 3—St. Helens, h o—Wigan, a lO 17—Morecambe, a 241- Warrington, h I—Tyldesley, a B—Runcorn, it 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh it 29—Rochdale H., a 9. s—Lancashire v Yorkshire,

Oct.

NoT.

a

12—Swinton

I§—Salford, h 6—St. Helens, a O.. Dec. 3—Lancaster, h 10—Oldham, a

17—Morecambe, h 24-11ochdale 11., h

26- 31—Leigh, a San. 2 7—Stockport, a _ .

1.4 --S-to-ckrp-ori, h

21—Salford, a 28—Broughton It., a Feb. 4-I'vldeBley, h 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 25—Oldham, h Mar. 4—Broughton R., h 11—Warrington, a Apr. 3—Swinton, h

ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3 Widnes, a 0 ... 10—Broughton It., h 17—Warrington, a 24—Morecambe, a Oct. I—Oldhans, h B—Rochdale IL, h 22 15—Lancaster, a 22—Swinton, a 0 29—Wigan, a 22 Nor. s—Lei2h, h 0 12—Wigan, h 19—Leigh, a 26—Whines, h Dee. 3—Birkenhead W~ h 10—Hull a () ...1 17- 24 —Salford, a 26—Tyldelley, h 31— ' Jan.'', 2—Runcorn, h 7—Salford, h

14—Swinton, 11 21—Birke11head W a 28—Oldham, a Feb. 4—Runcorn, a 11—Tyldeeley, a 18—Warrington, h 25_ .

Mar. —4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale 14., a 31—Stockport, h Apr. 3—Lam aster, h B—Morecambe. 12

TO-DAY'S I%.IATCHES. Warrington v Stockport Widnes v Morecambe Runcorn v Rochdale Hornets Leigh v Salford Wigan v Oldham Swinton v Tyldesley

===== 0002601_18981216_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The Vine Spinning Mill at Oswaldtwistle was destro; fire on Tuesday, the damage being estimated at £30,00 Two men were killed and two seriously scalded by; plosion of a boiler on Saturday at Ringsend Bottle William Oldfielel, coal agent and farmer Keighl died from injuries received In a boiler explosion. T. mea were Injured, one of them seriously. Your Belgian commercial agents of the Ante Company in the Congo Irree State have been killed by natives on the Upper Übanglii. The Hartlepool steamer Chester Nes been sunk of by the Shblds steamer Galatz. The Chester's ci bering fifteen. wei e saved by the Galata. At tke Maidstone Assizes, on Saturday, Dr. V Beckenham, cherged with performing an illegal on Elizabeth Warrilow, was acquitted. Twelve of the leading British shipbuilders, correspondent states, have sent in tenders CO ' tor four battleships of the Formidable class. By the explosion of a shell while it was being It of the Cronstedt f.:rts on .Monday nine soldiers and seven badly injured. The officers were also Two French deputies. M. Antide Dozer and M fought" a duel with pistols on Tuesday Two shots were fired, and both deputies left unharmed. At Barcelona on Sunday, afternoon the large sewer in course of construction collapsed, number of workmen. Eighteen bodies have from the debris. Fire broke out on Saturday morning in the North-Western Railway Company's goods a Ravensthorpe, noir Dewsbury. and damage , over £lO,OOO was done. Thomas Daley, a labourer, was execute lat el Tuesday, for the murder of Sarah Ann renfold on June 4. The couple lived together, and aftet Daley beat the woman to death with a poker. Edmund Carmody was sentenced at Mu nster Assizes on Saturday to three years' penal servitude for Wine been a member of a large disguised and armed party wsiCh raided the house of Jeremiah Carroll, in North Kerry, 111 d carried away some arms. A shocking crime was committed on Saturday ight at St. Helens, when a six year old ch,lrt, the delights/. ‘3 a collier named Flaherty, was outraged and murdered in g let& The t ldy was discovered on Sunday morning. No trace has yet been found of the murderer. The deaths are announced of Sir William Jeer, who had been her Majesty's physician for upwards of thilty years, retiring from the position in 1893 ; and of Sir Thorns's Stare y. who contested the Lancaster Division as e leheral in lehO and a Liberal Unionist in 1892. The six days' eyeing contest at New York finished at ten o'clock on Saturday night, Miller, with 2,04 miles 4 laps te his credit, being the winner. During Saturday afternoon Miller was married, the ceremony, a Civil one, being pen. formed in a box on the track. Into which Miller had to be lifted, as he was then almost exhausted by his exertions. The deaths are announced of Mr. William Black, the Well known novelist ; and ()abate Garcia, the famous Cuban general. in Washington. of pneumonia. A Calcutta telegram announces the death from dysentery, of Mr. Stephen Jacob, an eminent ln lien Civil servant. From Cape Town is annoutieed the death of Sir Thomas Uppington, a former Premier ,nd judgo and Attorney-Cieneral in Cape Colony,

Ile ex- Forks,

other

!rading eaten

',werp.:,

rarwich ', num.

lace, of >peration.

Glasgow - " lty

. the

eri in oue lLe ik lied ;punded, jeroulede, p 1 morning. roe ground fc

brick.

rork of a Li rying a 'ere 11'

:reCOVI

been

ondon and ti ,Itiouse at 11, ,timated at

itclatone on Chathßm a quarrel

===== 0002601_18981216_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AO a.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
rHE EXAMINER FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16 1898

(411 rights reserved.) THE

Yrincess, a trusty friend hath taken hilt. .lastward that he may discover thy husband and

Sandy Dees, to tell them of thy conditioa, urging them hither with speed." "This is thoughtful of thee, Pecos, and true friendship—for, unlike many who profess friend- ship, thou dost not forsake me in my adversity." And then they went within the house, and conned over recent events until the eventide sped.

But still the people surged along the shore, and anon word was brought that a revolution was in full swing, forced to a head by the discovery that certain high officials harboured the Queen and designed to set Olive at liberty. Alas! the infec- tion spread even to the guards surrounding the lake prison. The awful seriousness of this was soon apparent. But Olive looked calm and resigned, as though she beheld some glory beyond this turmoil.

At nightfall the Royal prisoner noticed that island was floating with the breeze in the directior, of the shore—an evidence that the cables had 1).--,en

_ cut from the moorings. They could hear i. babble of thousands of voices, and the women's shrieks of ap;flause. Then the courage of Olive asserted itself, for, taking the hand of Pecos, she calmly said: "See, this people clamour for my body, to deliver it into the hands of the tor- mentors. If I come not out of this with my life, and thou art preserved, tell Mark that my love never faltered. The very guards set to watch over me, have betrayed their trust. Furthermore, as thou dost see, a rope is made fast, and willing hands pull us towards the people who madly howl for their prey. 0 God, Thy will be done! " And the soul of Pecos groaned for his lady; but amid such a frantic multitude one man's help was of no avail. Ile shuddered as he saw the light of many torches shimmering upon the rippling tide. He put his fingers in his ears to shut out the horrible imprecations of Goya's desperadoes. The strange prison floated nearer the expectant multitude. Then Olive saw that the High Priest's aim was frustrated, and that her treacherous guards were undoubted!' a party to this new stratagem, for they formed themselves along the beach ready to receive her. Their object was evident, for wild cries rent the air: "Throw her to the beasts!" This summons smote Olive with dismay. Presently some torch-bearers, headed by Goya, stepped upon the island, and approached their Viet im. Their fierce eyes and barbarous manners struck terror into the heart of this lonely half- caste, and for a moment she leant upon Pecos fc: support, her lips blanclAd and her body quivering. "Save that Mark may even now be coming," she murmured, "I would make an end of it in these waters." _ . _

"The life that the Great Spirit gave, thou hast no right to take away," urged the faithful Pecos. "Courage, Princess ; it may yet be well with thee." Further conversation was interrupted by the hands of the foremost guards, for they seized the Princess and dragged her through the multi- tude. Never had Pecos seen so weird a sight, but in the people's estimation he was a worm fit only to be trodden to death—a result which had surely, happened save that when the mutineers kicked and hit him he slipped aside and was lost in the swaying crowd. 'While a graceful fawn was being hounded down, the deformed Pecos was considered beneath contempt. So, finding himself of no account and helpless to save the Princess, he made haste to precede her, and contrived to inform some friendly-disposed counsellors of the people's threats, and how ronghly they were likely to handle her on the way. Olive's friends could only shake their heads and deplore the madness of their kinsmen. The High Priest himself had fared the fate of liana, and was a prisoner in his own magnote, or Temple. Evidently Goya and his revengeful followers had carefully planned this revolt, for even the lions had been removed from the Royal menagerie and placed in the dens approaching the amphitheatre arena. The brutal nature of this Indian race had conquered, and all the discipline of centuries had failed to stamp out barbarous superstition. The more gentle and heroic their victim, the greater their eagerness to destroy. Does the tame lion forget how to lap blood? So evil-disposed men, armed cap-a-pie, lighted resin-wood torches. Many women had suddenly lost all sense of decent behaviour, and in their wild delirium some fainted and were trampled to death. Mothers stood at their windows, and holding up their little children, taught them how to mock the royal lady. Satan was stirring men up to mutiny. The imprecations were bad enough, but when drums were beaten and the trumpets blared, and the.procession looked like a horde let loose from Pandemonium, then the lamb that was being led to the slaughter fell exhausted by the way. The commotion now reached a dangerous pitch, for when some saw that Olive's face was placid and death-like they howled with rage. However, a curricle was brought, into which Goya, the strong man, lifted the Princess, and when her swoon was passed the multitude gave a shout of exultation, pressing forward with even greater haste. As the people were almost as exclusive as the Chinese and Japs of ancient times, not a single white man was there to witness this pandering to brutality. All the State leaders were incarcerated by a preconcerted plan, and such of the military ar wished to shield their Princess were forced to revile the desecration of her ancestral dead in order to mingle with the escort and keep back the people. But their silence or sympathy was of little avail against the machinations of a superstitious horde, whose fanaticism now destroyed all sense of shame and smothered all feelings of humanity. Natural instincts may be subdued, but they cannot be blotted out. Once a redskin always a redskin. And so it befell that Olive was hurried into tip amphitheatre while the people crowded the tier& A bright moon shone down upon this weird' scene —shone down upon the Princess as she knelt upon the ground and clasped her hands in prayer. Those who looked upon her face could see no sign of fear, not even when the torches blazed and her merciless keepers left her alone in the arena and proceeded to unbolt the doors of the dens. She rose from her knees when the' beasts bounded forth, and the whole multitude ceased its clamour during a minute of triumphant expectation. The sight- seers strained their necks to catch the earliest glimpse of the first beast which should spring upon this young wife of an absent husband. Every square foot of room was occupied, and thousands of the disappointed stood without waiting for the shouts which should proclaim that the moment of retribution had come—as a surging crowd of white men and women, remember, wait Without a gaol to watch for the hoisting of the black flag—as a multi- tude of civilised Europeans have gloried in the death throes of men and beasts. There were some, however, who shuddered when they saw the fate in store for Olive, and yet a few who wept bitterly. But when it came to pass that the victim boldly walked towards the angry beasts, even her enemies were, loud in praise of her courage. "Behold I " they cried, "she goes boldly to her death. She hath the soul of a god!" Presently a strange, hushed silence fell upon that concourse—a lull so significant that some dropped dead with suppressed excitement, or, more properly speaking, from a failure of the heart's action ;for, as Olive courageously faced the animals they immediately became as listless as beasts in a travelling menagerie on the approach of their tamer. The people stared with amazement, refusing to believe their senses until several lions prowled around the arena, those near the Princess neither harming her nor showing any evidences of their natural brutality. One or two crouched beside her as though guarding her from harm, and she patted and fondled them as a child might pet dogs. At this unexpected turn Goya and his nefarious crew howled themselves hoarse with rage, some throwing burning torches at the nearest beasts to goad them to anger. But they listlessly sought the centre,of the arena about the Princess, and she had no difficulty in taming those that roared at the spectators as if in defiance. Seeing this apparently marvellous power possessed by Olive, her frit'''. raised the appropriate cry: "The good spirits their royal ancestors defend her!" Then came that sudden revulsion of feeling so common with superstitious fanatics, and the people began to cry'aloud : "She is one of the gods!" "Her death would be our destruction! " and the

like: Now for a space of two minutes or more, Goya and the leaders of the faction argued among them- selves, for they would save their own skins by releas- ing the Princess from her predicament. Shortly the trumpeters sounded the call for silence, and amid a profound hush Goya cried with a loud voice from the vicinity of the arena gates : "Come hither, Princess, thou art free!" Now Olive stood as one dazed, as though doubt- ing whether she was not safer in the arena, than outside among her kinsmen. So the summons was repeated still more urgently, and the cry of freedom was raised on all sides, for many hearts beat with feverish anxiety for their Princess. Then She comprehended that the multitude cried not with mockery, and she calmly strode forward, anon stopping and facing the now restless beasts. By such careful means she at length reached the Cates, log one snarling animal followed her. Those

of her mem! wno wisnea to maintain ner prestige as a demi-god suggested that, in order to prevent the beasts evening. lont- thin poles should b brought and lighted torches tied to them. The suspense for Olive while this was done, passes understanding; only one placed in a similar pre- dicament could realise it. _ _

At length half-a-score mounted the gates and covered her retreat by brandishing the fire, scaring the animals, and enabling her to pass out unharmed. - Then a hundred, willing hands were ready to assist her; but Olive needed none of this, for her will-power was great, even as her faith in r'-ld was steadfast. True, after a while she ~.,.ggered as one drunk with wine, but, knowing ..:er own courage alone would now gain her liberty, zhe fought down a sickly feeling which threatened to overpower her. Her brave demeanour won further admiration, and the people crowded to do her service, as eagerly as a few hours ago they howled for her blood. As for the conspirator Goya, he was seized by the multitude, and amid the execrations of the women, he was hissed, cursed, and beaten out of the city. His charm was torn from his breast, and his utter excommunication pronounced by the High Priest. Such are the unreasonable phases of the human mind under the tension of abnormal excitement.

Seeing Pecos struggling to reach her, and a chariot drawing up for her use, she made a path for the hunchback, and he ran by the roan's side.— his eyes IWwith joy, his heart full of thankfulness, his own aches and pains all forgotten in his enthu- siasm over his lady's deliverance. The instincts of this deformed retainer ,irere singularly generous, reminding one of the days of British chivalry when servants sacrificed their lives for those they were proud to serve. "Whither, Princess? " shouted Pecos in her ear, for the cheers were deafening. "To my mother," answered Olive, evidently judging that the turn of events in her own favour might enable her to save Kane and her counsellors. Solicitude for the welfare of a good parent is the surest sign of a child's kindly disposition. Olive loved her mother. So sturdy friends piloted the vehicli unto the royal palace, the multitude singing (.riumphal songs, and demonstrating by much clamour hew easily a mob can be moved to good works by mere impulse, or goaded to evil deeds by unprincipled agitators.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
StCRET OF MARK PEPYS.

BY FRED J. PROCTOR, of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "haus Marlou," "Dr. Dobbs." &c.

CHAPTER XXIII. ' , EHRWINP THEIR 155TH. N4r, the commander seized a favourable oppor- anit, when the excitement had somewhat lulled, o wtsk Olive from her horse and hurry her up the saps and by the smaller door into the judg- mentitall. This was performed so smartly, that a knot f fiendish-looking men, who had many times threalned personal violence, began to curse and swear, at the military escort, blaming them for harboring a half-caste traitress. One, egged on by Oda, rushed forward to assassinate the com- mand ; but smote his lieutenant, who blocked the way. This conduct no soldier would stand, and i 'se ntated officer ran his assailant through with br dsword. A frightful howl of rage now tpe the lips of Goya and his colleagues, which Jed n a skirmish batween the civilians and 1 ilita ~ In this the soldiers were like to sue- nab, hen the commander shouted: "Trumpeter, nv t alarm! Let the soldiers come forth and al Wb this rabble!" The larion note sounded shrill above the 10u% and immediately the large doors of the lgmett hall were thrown open, and there poured t a steam of reserves, who rushed down the •ps al beat back the foremost among the crowd. e conmander tried in vain to save further odslas, but the rebellious pressed so near and iglit lith such determination, that after a warn- s he rave his men the order to charge. As a iral,consequence, the well-equipped soldiers ,ere irlisistible, and blood flowed fast. Seeing this oar, the populace streamed with alacrity out e'the snare, and made for their homes; but the irit nirebellion was abroad, and its ugly head s °tilt hidden for a moment. Curses deep and ,engeld multiplied, and the peaceful citizens raishl sasfortheglivheeardshethewasomwiniothuisn,clpteerbuoft irag is. Me igh Priest and his colleagues had taken , pre ution to slip out of the judgment hall by 1 und ground passage by which the prisoners sally ntered when brought to trial, or passed on sir r d to imprisonment or doom. "Ta the Princess Olive," he commanded ragel addressing the new escort, "to the add l the chinampets, and deliver this passport the i one. There is already sufficient force to otect r, and the shore of the lake shall be Larded y a flotilla. Follow me." They tered where Olive sat, weary but tran- iil, Oh Pecos alert to protect her, and Jip ,oking lit her with dumb solicitude. "Printess, thou art as one petrified with horror. he mutitude seethe, and swear great oaths, but ithing gic is threatened. Yield, then, and go ,eedil ith this captain. If the mob touch one dr of Me head, destruction shall come upon inc es rt. This the raw requires, that everyone cused hall be tried with solemnity. Pecos and e blo hound must tarry here." Pecos pro- ;tad, t a soldier rouglaly struck him on the mth th his fist. Then lives rose with majesty and grace, a frown disnl sure adding strength to her flashing eyes. rou silty kick my dead body about the streets of • city, but I will suffer no indignity alive!" 'Foor h and unheeding lady! thinkest thou We rufli s? " - • Nay, answered she in calm distress, as she Pecos wiping his bleeding lips, "but I am I's kughter ; let me go to the palace and win Savour far these two," pointing to the hunchback and Jip. "As for myself, if the Queen's heart is dead to s mother's affection, I am content to face the worst" The ligh Priest savagely rushed towards her, his face Convulsed with rage, and seizing her by the wril roughly led her onward in frant of the escort. The soldiers murmured approval, and would hive speared "that babbler," Pecos, save for Jip's th‘atening looks. "But ihat some time since I blessed thy wedlock with Mark Pepys. I would now curse thee!" spake the Irish Priest scornfully. "Yield, or die the death!" Then Pecos put forth his hand to stay the High Priest, lut he was immediately cuffed and kicked into silottee. Jip retaliated by springing at the neck of a timid soldier, but a word from Olive saved ths fellow. The High Priest perceived this increasisg danger, and spake more persuasively to the Princess, yet with decision. "Axt thou so callous, or dost thou not comprehend thine offence ?" "My offence is not of such grave consequence," she haushtily replied, "that wild beasts should roar and lap my blood, or that vultures should tear out mine eyes." "If this be thy mood, Princess," answered the other with a sneer, "I will take thee myself, that thy tears soften not the hearts of thine escort," for indeed tie tears were welling from Olive's eyes. "Thy words sound as from the lips of a wanton. Thou wsst not nurtured to this; but thou haat developed this evil spirit through the teaching of thine husband." "It is false!" cried Olive, defiantly facing her accuser. "Then behold yonder volcano belching forth fire and smoks at thy husband's bidding—seemingly for the destruction of Golden Vale. Thy punish- ment alone can avert that fate. One such sacrifice is better than many " ; and he pushed her, while one solclisr, with an evil eye and dark brow, rapped the haft of his spear upon the mosaic pave- ment with approval. Olive sighed and shuddered. Then the High Priest urged her onward, apparently with such violence ttat some of the younger soldiers now began to nisrinur and pity the Royal victim; in fact, they hang back, half-ashamed of their task, and consulfsd together. This placed the High Priest at a safe distance with Olive, and taking advantage of the pause, he whispered: "Princess, look not back lest thy face betray me, and so the soldiers suspect my intent. Hear my words. Dost thou not see the trick? lam but harsh to save thee. The Queen is neither sick nor cruel, but a prisoner in her own palace, surrounded by a rebel- lious people. Xana is powerless to help thee, so we have conspired to save thee." "Forbear! gssped Olive. "I feel sick." And he Prevented her from reeling. "Ile brave and obedient; it is•thine only chance. If isy manner is uncouth, my heart yearns to help thee, so be of good cheer." "liast thon heard from my husband?" she faltssed in a blushed voice. "llot a word; nor would it be serving him and thee to bring him hither. At to-morrow's trial sememan of weight will have had secret instruc- tionshow to defend thee. The fierce demeanour then tssinned by me will permit of leniency without •reneing suspicion. Bear, therefore, the taunts of 13' fltolers with patience; and I will see that ee"and thy dog Jip join thee at once. For the rest, adieu." Art raising his voice while Olive staggered orivsd, he yelled to the captain of the guard : Lel to thy charge! If so much as a hair of her Leadis injured, thou sh dt answer with some Ipenalty ; and as much may be said if she 1 from thee. Captain, lam sick of scolding le trumpet. To-morrow, at what hour the ter proclaim the trial, bring her hither with ution which thou hast exercised these many a s os ith thy prisoners." I ' discreet High Priest thereupon returned to le graent hall, while Olive was hurriedly taken ,s, vete way to a lake and placed aboard a 'es' painted and carved canoe. The escort sea d other such craft, and all were paddled to "e tre of the water, where shanties stood on ncei, s• gardens. The latter were composed of ss'Sf reeds, rushes, and other fibrous material 'tightly knit together and formed sufficient asi or soil. Small trees and most lovely flowers s reie nrs as them, and they were anchored round the 'n citadel—a house of detention for high-born 'i awaiting trial. -o s ontsy the news got abroad that the Princess 1 icreted on this floating island, and soon many lined the shore + menacing the guards who i'd round at a stone's-throw from the prison, oiling upon thena to deliver the traitress. s.' gentle winds wafted these ominous cries to il up 1;41' sue trembled from head to foot—less from L e-s'al fear than because of Mark's absence, of ,itegradation of her mother, and the savage ''''-isc' t of her people, -", in the day Pecos was rowed off to the g aess e Princess hen the • ~A.l, - s came forth to meet him. i thou haat lost 'ec Jip I Have they killed him? knelt and kissed tile hand of his Royal " is. •• .

erica]

arm;

saw Kan

eßeal

that

year

was

pers

.t *v.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXIV.

Trill FUGITIVES IN DANGER.

The meeting between Kana and Olive was veil affecting, but the Queen knew the fickle nature of mob popularity, and subdued her motherly feelings to the exigencies of public clamour. The crowd which halted without the• palace, cheered and shouted so incessantly that both the royal ladies bravely struggled against painful anxiety, and lamps were ordered to be hung outside, that the people might see mother and daughter bow their acknowledgments. Then Kana put her arm round Olive's neck, and without more ado, the two went out upon the balcony. Their appearance was the signal for a mighty shout of curiosity rather than joy. One low-bred fellow hissed, but he was struck on the mouth, his face scratched, and his woven overall torn to shreds by women. This episode produced a greater ovation, madcaps and fools, hare-brained chatterers and shrivelled hags vying for superiority of hideous clamour. Staid men waved their caps, soldiers their metal helmets, modest women their handkerchiefs. A sickly man who, out of sheer weakness, slipped to the ground, was well-nigh trampled to death. Snatches of patriotic songs were sung, and between each new tune those intoxicated with excitement shrieked and shouted themselves hoarse. One steady onlooker was heartily jeered for not shewing keener manifesta- tion of joy. Young bloods fought for place, egged on by girls who had suddenly lost all sense of self- respect. It was a veritable babel for the space of five minutes. Then Kana seized the opportunity of a lull to step back a pace, and Olive saluted the multitude three times. In return the seething mass made a trinity of complimentary signs, raising the right hand for Power, touching the forehead for Wisdom, and kissing the fingers for Love. The High Priest then came forward, and raising two fingers, secured sufficient silence to call for a "Cheer for Princess Olive." Flattered by this request, Olive smiled as the people cheered; but her face was white, and she held to the balustrade as though she would faint with exhaustion. Then Kana came forward dignified and calm. She bowed in stately fashion, and as the lights from the lamps around and the torches below shone upon her intelligent face, those near noticed the wintry smile which momentarily chased away her anxious looks.

The populace having shewn the full extent of their frenzy and bawled themselves as hoarse as mallards, began to fall away. Then Kana took Olive by the hand, and together they went in, leaving the packed mass below to disperse when they were tired—for the Court officers dare not command, lest a tumult should result and jeopardise the throne. No tongue can tell the ordeal Kana had passed through during the last forty-eight hours; only mothers can realise her anxiety as to her daughter's future, for Olive was not yet out of danger. Immediately the balcony windows were closed and the blinds drawn the Queen again clasped the Princess to her bosom, and the two wept aloud for joy. Yet there was a -touch of sadness, for both trembled, wondering how long this respite would last. "Listen, Olive, the people thought a miracle was wrought, and have exalted thee into a goddess. Thou art not so silly as to believe this. We mixed a pungent juice with the beasts' drink,which lulled their brute nature." "Some of the animals, mother, I reared, and all I daily fed. We were quite friends.", "Go thou at once, Olive, after thine husband, lest a revulsion of feeling come about, and the beasts' appetites be keen. Let us prepare for thy departure at once, and Pecos with thee, for this I vowed to thine husband before he would consent to flee without thee." Olive prepared herself for travelling with mat haste, and Kana gathered such jewels and precious stones as could be carried in a small compass. The Princess went forth with Pecos by the same route That Mark had taken. This last farewell between bother and daughter was most heartrending, for something told Kane that evil overshadowed her kingdom, and that she would never again see her only child. In the dead of the night Pecos led the royal lady by a lonely trail that struck right into the heart of the mountains. They travelled with much labour and no little hazard till noon of the next day, when Pecos pointed to the bossy cumuli and shrugged his shoulders. The clouds were broken arid massive, as if the whole watershed of Golden Vale were transplanted in the heavens. There were canons and magnificent waterfalls, side gorges and mighty peaks of dazzling light, and dark patches like forests. Within an hour zig-zag forks of lightning darted through the firs in quick succes- sion, and these were soon followed by thunder, whose reports were as loud as great explosions of guncotton. Crash ' went a flash, right into the heart of a cluster of firs, some of which were shattered from top to bottom. Their splitting into long rails and slivers made Olive tremble, but the faithful retainer shielded her as best he was able. The two escaped harm, and being somewhat pre. pared for the deluge which followed, they saw without much danger the rare sight of the ground covered with water like a shimmering carpet. Out of the bosom of the clouds poured showers, giving life and beauty to the landscape below • from the ••!.:Ist of the thunder they sped to join the roar of Irsaracts, or to beat into finer spray the splashing iiwers of the mighty cascades. 7ecos, let us press onward, for I fear betrayal." The fugitives slept mainly when the sun was high, and the heat oppressive. For shelter by night Pecos made two tents of branches covered with brushwood and leaves interwoven. They recognised the "tokens " left by Mark. On the fourth morning suddenly the ground swayed like a canoe gently rocked. Looking back towards the Golden Vale they were astonished to see a tall column of black smoke rise into the sky like a great pine tree. They were greatly alarmed, for the crown spread over the earth until a strange darkness gathered about them, and the air was stifling hot. Olive extended her arms and clasped her hands in prayer, but Pecos took a more practi- cal view of the danger and urged the Princess onward. Their skin became frightfully dry, their lips parched, and their tongues seemed to cleave to the roof of their mouths. "I have a strange sensation of tightness about my throat," hoarsely said Olive, "as if the muscles were contracting. God help us! " The odour gave Pecos a nasty hacking cougt one moment he sweated, and then his skin was I though dried before a huge fire. Soon Olive feh sick and faint, and he just managed to catch her as she fell by the way. • The heavens rained fire- dust, and though he was suffering acute agony ye, the faithful Pecos mustered au all his streusti

===== 0002601_18981216_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
go 4 6

-0 I na7-1

===== 0002601_18981216_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'3 I Bpi: l 3 ww

===== 0002601_18981216_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
and dragged the I'nm:us beneath a thick -elustei of trees. He placed her by a brooklet, which came clear and refreshing from a rock. Cast down by his lady s anguish, Pecos invoked the Gres. Spirit's aid. His prayer was heard, for Olive soon recovered, and together they trudged on, suffering ' much physical pain, for the hot ground blistered and scorched the soles of their feet. The cinder- dust spread like a carpet for many miles. At last Pecos cried joyfully : "Look, my lady, the devil's cloud clears!" . Their food was exhausted, but they hopefully struggled on. The rumblings towards Golden Vale - had ceased, but when the light about them waxed stronger they still saw a mighty cloud hanging to , the westward, black as soot, through which forked ' lightning flashed. "Pecos," gasped Olive, for her throat was parched, "the Great Spirit is angry. If we stop i we starve; let us press on eastward where the air is l less thick." And they walked for a mile over 3 country strewn with fiery cinders which had blotted out vegetation. Every step added to their misery; the very birds dropped dead at their feet. It seemed as if the smoke would choke all that breathed, but they covered their mouths with damp cloths, and suffer- ing much at last reached the edge of the cloud. Hunger now gnawed, and soon extreme thirst drove them half mad( for the few streams tasted bitter and made them vomit. "Hunger is misery enough," plaintively whispered Olive, "but this thirst is torture. 0 Mark, my love, why tarry so long! Come quickly, or I die! ' Soon her strength waned, and by nightfall Pecos saw that the great physical strain and mental , anguish during that terrible journey had com- pletely prostrated the Royal lady. They were in a : "hanging meadow" of the sub-alpine district. It ' extended from above the timber line to the bottom ,•, of a lake basin, in contour like cascades broken ~ here and there by boulders, and nursing a gurgling 1 stream down its centre. It was the home of beavers, the soil was coarse and boggy, and the vege- tation rank. In this lonely mountain nest Pecos Speedily lit a fire and made things as comfortable for the Princess as circumstances permitted. But all his tender care would be of no avail unless succour speedily came. He spread a blanket by the fire, and placed the sufferer upon it, covering her with his garments and moistening her lips and ' bathing her feverish brow. As he watched, with the solicitude of the tenderest nurse, and when his ' hope of her recovery was well-nigh spent, his quick ears caught the sound of low voices. Peering into the darkness, he could just see that strangers were cautiously approaching. He tested their 't friendship by uttering a labial sound used by Kana's hunters, and his heart leaped with joy when a response came which admitted of no decep- tion. A familiar voice rang out upon the mid- night air: "Sandy, here is Pecos, kneeling by the side of a sick woman!" "God be praised!" cried Pecos, tears of thank' fulness streaming down his dusky face. "It is her good lord, and my master!" Mark rushed up, and recognising the prostrate form, exclaimed, as one terrified: "My God, it le my wife 1 " He kissed her, fondled her, called her i by name, and presently her eyes opened and she ~,, looked fondly at him, a senile flitting across her . sickly face. . Then her lips moved, but she was unable to articulate. "The fountain of life had dried up, save for thine arrival," said Pecos. "Warm bear's fat will , revive her; it is as a shower to the parched grass." It was a labour of love and duty for us to tend the Princess in her extremity, and Mark heaved a , sigh of relief when she revived sufficiently to take -, / a little warm nourishment. Olive had pined for - her husband, and his coming seemed to awaken an interest in life which had almost fled. She brightened when he kissed her, and tenderly bathed her burning brow; but so great was her prostration that she was unable even to raise her- self on her elbow. He gently rubbed the palms of her hands, and after a time of great anxiety she sufficiently recovered to put her arms around his neck. Tears of thankfulness relieved her mind, and her strength gradually returned. "Her predicament, wi'oot protection," I whis-.; pered, "is some mad freak; or dire necessity drovw her to't." Mark was puzzled; but when she slept Pecos told us the mournful story. "Pecos," said my chief, "thou hest won my' life-long gratitude—a poor and hollow tribute-- with Mum seeking to murder me!" . 4,4,• The pathetic situation added significance to this - ...Y declaration, and I siglied. Pecos modestly re- sponded that his anxiety and hard work were amply repaid by the deliverance of his Princess. Mark's rank imposed obligation, but Pecos'' deformity did not rob him of nobility of soul. "Such adversity has overtaken us," said my chief resignedly, "that will neod all our courage. Thank God, Olive is on the mend." "Cheer up I " said I • "a man oft begins t' shine when doon on his luck:" Pecos and I rigged up a rough-and-ready tent, while Mark watched. Our success surprised and pleased him, and he thanked us; for a word of praise in due season puts heart into a man. Our * improvised shelter protected Olive from the chilly air. ' Her, good constitution enabled her to re- cuperate speedily. But her convalescence detained us in that home of orange lilies, larkspurs, and many species of mimulus and pentstemon for three days. We were fully seven thousand feet above the Pacific, and yet this meadow-girdle was bril- liantly illumined with rich flowers. We could see down the valley picturesque bogs with deep growth of yellow and brown sphagnum, handsome shades of green and delightful patches of kalmia ripening into the tints of autumn, interesting in variety and enticing to us weary travellers as we wended our • way towards the Golden Vale to ascertain the fate of Kana and her people. The first night-frosts were just beginning W ~ 'sting; the leaves of the heathworts looked a rich A purple in the alpen-glow, and the slightly bronzed r grasses harmoniously blended in colour with the ' few golden-rods and daisies that continued to bloom. The frost diamonds on the grass panicles and leaves radiated the early morning sunbeams, forming dazzling colours to vie with those of the late butterflies which came forth as the suu mounted the heavens and gave an unsurpassed brilliancy to the landscape. , Alas! the scene suddenly changed. The land before us was blackened by the showers of scorile, stones, and pumice. The approaches to Golden Vale looked as though a dirty smoking blanket had been spread over everything. Here at least the graceful mazes of ths 'lance would never charm the sight; the young malitens, wreathed with flowers , and lightly clad in classic garments, would never more issue forth for healthy amusement. , With many heartburnings we picked our waY., along hazardous crags, where the melted glacial snows had cooled the surface. Olive's minute knowledge of the paths saved us many a danger, ' but even then we dare not venture lower than the brows of stupendous cliffs, making our way foot by k, foot to the highest pinnacle east of liana's strong- ,- hold. Sad to relate, our footsteps were somewhat guided by reason of many bodies we discovered along the outer trails—victims of the eruption, ; suffocated by nauseous vapours, and burnt berna ' recognition. Before me now in clear outline rises the figure of Princess Olive as she viewed the bodies of those struck down by the way, now lying in all postures, as though struggling with fate in the mead rush to escape. Shortly we were startled to hear a painful human , cry, and turning round saw a big Indain struggliq ,- along the side of a near ridge chased by a drove a . vicious Teccaries. The man's endurance was hausted, and the fearless brutes were worrying hill to death. His clothes were torn to shreds, an his flesh hacked and bruised in a most frightfu! manner. We were about to fire, but Olive stoPPeSI us, for the cannonading of a full battery W 00... have no more eFfect upon them than the poPPini of fire crackers. The wild hogs made short lor , of their victim, and we were thankful to them rush pell-mell into the valley, for had they -, scented us our chances of escape were poor. vcrl , advanced cautiously to examine their victim, aut. ' to our surprise discovered the mangled remains 01 ~ the leonine Goya! ~This is just punishment for a pal spy,cd " staid Mark. Olive took from Goya's reticule, that the beast' had trodden and torn, a tattered parchment, urrat , which was pictured writing, much finger-user ; and blood-stained. As she read, her face gre , terribly pale and her brow anxious. "This sets forth," she said tremulously, "the reward for capture; the plan to seize and immolate rue for um. desecration of the Royal dead; and the iastril!. . tions how thou wart to be tortured and barui . alive! Goya intended to feast his comrades, illi gloat over thine agony!" Aeath "Then, my deer Olive, in the monster's - we are avenged t " g‘ and the ' "But Mum o liver," she answered sadly, eagle bath a strong beak and sharp ealro• „ now he soars around watching to seize thee.l To . Mark replied defiantly: "Let him c°l32B‘ k lion can bite!" ' •1 4p .o........A6STati*itiairsi.);

II

--.....

Blaci 29. Whit 82.

Tav li," 8 Albin A Alt* E Dom T Barn J Gre,i] W Rig "C P," "E J PWr Duffi D W pi w " J A W Tay R GT R Mere JRoss,

Two tion to award( rule.

The 1 At 1£ 25-22

(a) 22 At 11 BUStain

We c%ropet Guirdt der for We n blem u

(a) trni plave (6) IS—

The f and Li

(a) 104

WAat Onk 13,.e Deeted, though !orrpit '"R

ric silfacie 2 p 2 1 1r P V P 1 1 G

rpte4lß fr •t" rr,< a w 17,39 • 1 w 1 j. 1 R 1 0 11

I 1

1 1 t 1 I 1 , , 1 1 . , ~ . , . , .. , , . ' , . .: 1 if , the a , , 1 , .., 'r 1 ; 1 i So It, , Allee V..u.( Vlith. 1---- 1 ) r..- ', , , „ - aDDILI2L3.„

===== 0002601_18981216_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IqAT t • \l.e.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
By. I

===== 0002601_18981216_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
I)RA t TG4TS.

(" DECEMBED, 16TH, 1898).

[AU ccmrnunications including solutions to problems, and problems for Competition, must b. addressed to the •• Draugl:ts Editor," " Examiner " Office, War- rington. and must r soh the Office not later than the First rost on FrIIDAY morning. The Draughts Itiitor will be pleased to receive problems from 10-al players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enTslries].

SOLUTION OF PROBLENI No. 11. (BY 4R. S. TAVLIN, WARRINGTON.) Black Men on 4, 14, and 20; Kings 6, 10, 17, and 29. White Men on 12, 23, 20, and 28; Kings 1,5, and 32.

White to play and win. 12-8 ?O—T/ 3-7 3 7 5 4 —ll 26 —22 1) A 17-14 25-22 28-24 17 —l9 1 —l7 29-25 9 6 White Wins

*Only move to win, 5-9 only oraws.

PROBLEM No. 12. (SELECTED.)

[BLACK.]

it tO pia:

win.

SOLVERS' LIST. Previous Problem Minor Total score. No. 10. Correa- Pts. Con.

8 Tavlin, Warrington, ......... 10 2 1 13 "J li." Padgate, .......--- 10 2 12 S Albineon, Szockton Heath 10 2 12 A Albinson, Lower Walton, 10 2 12 E Donaghy, Parlgate, .....,... 10 2 12 T Barnes, Sankey Blidges. 8 2 113 J Gram, Warrington ... ..... 8 2 10 1 . W Biglor, Warrington .. ..... 8 2 10 ." C p," Warrington 8 2 10 2." B J p," Warrington_ 8 2 10 P Wright, Warrington 8 2 10 - J Dufficy, St. Helene, 8 2 _ 10 D ph, roll, Warrington ....... • .1' W Plinston, Warrington, 'A W Lawson, Warrington,— 8 8 "J A W," Warrington, W Taylor, Warrington. J R Grieve, Warrington, ....... 2 n ' R Mercer, Padgate 2 nose, Penketh 2

- -

Two of our solver.: have pointed a minor correc- tion to Problem No. 9. We have accordingly awarded them one extra point each according to rule.

The correction is as follows : At 18th move of solution, instead of 8-11 play 25-22 and draw as follows:- 25 22, 23-19 (a) 22-17 drßwn. (a) 22-18 here and black would win by 19-16, &•:. At 170 move of solution 27-24 instead of 27--,23 austains.the black win (II E.)

WIY/sTERS OF VLF, PROBLEM' COMPOSING coMPETkTION.

We have to announce ihot the winner of this c4mpetition is Mr. S. Tavlin, 12, Keene.4reet, off Guirdian-s!Tee!.., Warrington, to-whom a petal Or- der for 2s. 6d. has been sent. We may state that w.; hAI insert the prize pro- 'Am next week.

GA 011q1 No. 14. (From Draughtq World, FAbruary, 1898). DOUBLE CORNER. By. H. Freedman, SeortiTh Champion. 9-14 28-19 10-19 22-18 24-27 22-17 4- 8 (5)32-28 19-24 31-24 11-16 22-17 5- 9 28-19 20 27 25-22 8-11 31-26 10 -14 26-24 8-11 19-16 7-10 17-10 27-31 17-13 12-T9 16-17 6-24 22-17 16 -20 23-16 2-11 13- 6 31-26 29-25 14-18 27-23 1-10 23-18 11-15 26-22 11-16 18-14 23-22

24-19 (;)-3--il 25-22 10-17 Blaelr wins 15-24 22-15 8-12 21-14 (4) Irriprovts two Jordan v. Stewarl games, where 5-9 is Playet. also 11-15. resulting in a draw in bath (TAM (6) 18-12 loses by 19-23,13-3, 5-9 Ste.

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. N 0.12.

The following trap is IO"rO-light up from the Llird 1111c1ly game as follows :- 11-15 22-17 10-17 19 —l5 (011-16 2,3-19 9-13 21-14 4 8 8-11 17-11 15-18 24-19 lodng move forming diagram elow 13-17, 23-21, 41-16, 29-23 &c. is the correct play. [I3LAr- 3

7•/ •u , 1,41 17/ ~ r J,' e.' k . x 6q4, I 4, e / A 2 ' z, ,•,' / - A,,,, A, I/% j /- Vert. /- i 7, , r;„, /,, : r , , U. [WHITE ] wi,;. • My awl

, ,AcK•3 ja ' so /0 / I ,7• -4 0 IcD ii, , :• 14, /. /I kkWhite to play win. 26-22 6-15 27-- 4 ' 16-23 ' 25-21 White wine , 15-10 19-25

===== 0002601_18981216_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWS OF T.iN GUM.

WAKKINGTON v. STOCKTON HEATH.—This match *OO 1, k placP at the rooms of the Warrrington C. and u•C , on Friday the 9th inst, arid, as everyone ex .13,!eted, prov id to be very evenly contested. Al- ec'Ugh Warrington were handicapped in having to f•°r eit one game. owing to one of their players be- In late, they managed to come out victorious in Pncl, winning to mstch by the narrow, but I,l,facient, margin, of one game. Score : ,419• WARRINGTON, Drtws. STOCKTON MATH, Wins. ;' F Dunne . 0 J Itairiblett 0 ; S It,berts 0 S Alblnson a ~' P Wal.is X P Warburton W Warburton 0 P Wilkinson •;. 311 Ireton 0 J Fairhurst ' Q. H Mason 0 J Guest

===== 0002601_18981216_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
- 1

, • i'lle game for .....'eitecl. owing to late arrival. . kr k;kulu-STREET (4SERVRB), V. ST. CLEMENT S.— tilllia Criendlv match took z)lac9 on Nlonday list at i 4 rc,ocns of the latter, Banlc•sq.3e:-., and resulted ert 4 Win for Cairo-street, by a majority of three 1.7103e1. Sclre :- I'3, C7.0119-ST., Dairli C'T CLESIENT'3 WIN& t 7 Irs,viT t ..; .1 W P!instou 0 T F.-Irty, 1 W Loft,u+ . 0 W Igherwool ............... 0 ; R Plinston 0 F liartree ... ............... 1 , a Ratcliffe 1 R Haigh 0 ij Highqm 0 3 TAlrlar .1 Dunne 0 D Jones .... _ 1 6

/ ATCH AT ST. HELEIsts. —A match will take z 1 &lace to night, at St. Helens Y.M. C.A. between the .es;ALC.A.. Ciub and Warrington Chess and Draughts -gib.

I-7 T... ' The small diagra 76 4 w :n ,7;. 2 '..i.,2" ../,' ill enable our readers S 77,,,, ~.; ..,-. /41, 714 e, _. ;,„: , ,74, to understand the note- - 1.":4,.`" 7' ' ' ' u ''',. 4 tion by which the moves 1() All vs, 12 of tbe game are recorded. ..,- " , Black occupies the squares numbered 1 to t 11. T. 1,4 18 '‘V: " 19Thr7 hl2eraenrld2wlhitt:7 those nTnrnhe i ti . ' tx, ..." 123 C...:' , ) col a figures thus (1146) indi- '"•,i este that a move is made from and to the squares '74" 26 '''i lar 1(23 so numbered. Black has , '','' 31 /,', 3,t----T4 the opening move and alllll ..:,4 tev. - ;Z2:l the pairs of figures 3' alternately to Black and White t. the close.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
r a a 9

1 D.

t, ,ci

Id eø ye

lee th Les ur ite

===== 0002601_18981216_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Les he un led nd Es, Len bd tad 136 exi vex

raj

by rig Fist red DTI, • Lees the ing , 7812

===== 0002601_18981216_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Pea old in F orx seer bey We- old of

rew gets thy the 1.10- Lois sed oth

the yeis

===== 0002601_18981216_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR ALL'NttCK ILLUSTRA-

TION.

THE PROPOSED NITA' CONS VAlia L %AIX

BUILDING&

The sheet alcaanack which we preseut ts our readers to-day contains, as will be seen, a picture of the proposed new constabulary buildiags, police and coroner's court &c. for Warrington, as per the accepted design by Mr. It. Burns Dick, architect, lof Newcsetle-on-Tyne. The architect is now besy prepariug the specific itions for the work, and when these are ready, the Corporation will at once adver- tise for tenders for the erec ;ion of the buildings. It may therefore be presumed that early in toe twentieth csntury Warrington will be p )seteeted of police buildings, handsome in appearance and coms modious in every respect for the purposes for which they are intended, Such a fine block of buildings for constabulary purposes forms a striking contrast with those which served a somewhat similar pur- pose at the beginning of the present century now fast drawing to its close. Aided largely by the literary efforts of the late Mr. William Beatnont we of the present day are able to catch a glimpse of what the Warrington brtdewell was towards the beginning of the present century. It appears that it was then situated behind a large three-storied building in Church-street where the paupers were kept in constant work,either in spinning,weaving or Other work, and whose combined earnings seem to have been about six pounds a week.Joon Howard,the great reformer of prisons visited it whilst sojourn- ing in Warrington while printing some part of his works on the subject he bad made his own. His des- cription of it is interesting at the present juncture. He says This place consisted of two rooms, one of which was about nine feet square, with bedsteads and straw, but no window. The other room was about nine feet long and four feet wide. There was no employment, and the diet which was sent from the house was the same as the paupers', who judg- ing from their looks,seemed to be humanely treated. The officer lived in the house, but received no salary for his office." It is pleasant to know that the philanthropist saw no prisoner in this dreary place. The small size of the prison argues well for the rare occurrence of serious crime, for two prisoners at a time would have been too many for the prison to hold. But the measure of the prison and of the police were the same, for one hat covered the whole police force, except the Manor constables, whose office was almost honorary. Mr. Beamont records the fact that if serious cases were few fights and occasional uproars in the streets were plentiful. Street fights between men stripped to the skin were not only not unknown, but were not always stopped. It is amusing to read that the one police officer who looked after the peace of the town was so stout that he resembled the man in the song who seemed like " two single gentlemen rolled into one." lie could not have given effectual chase after or taken a runaway thief without hav- ing had such unexpected assistance as another officer, who, being seen by a bystander, engaged in an unequal thief-race, the latt-r gained in the chase, overtook the runaway, and jumping on his back, detained him till his panting pursuer came up. It was not until the passing of the Improve- ment and Market Act of 1854 that the Corporation were enabled to remove the bridewell to the pre- sent police station in Irlam-street. No buildings in the town have perhaps served their purpose more fully than these. But with the continued growth ,of the Borough and the increasing duties of the police it became absolutely necessary that more commodious premises should be obtained. The present premises have been condemned again and again by the Government Inspector as inadequate for the purpose, and a threat to withhold tie police grant left the Watch Committee with no other alternative than to provide more suitable premises. It was not until the early part of the present year that a site for new premises was determined upon Most of our readers will be aware that the pro- posed buildings as shown on the drawing are to ba eracte I upon the site new occupied by the militia barracks at the junction of Arpley-street and Wilson-Patten-street. It will be necessary to er- tirely clear the site, and the whole of the buildings now standing will shortly disappear. A few par- ticulars respecting the barracks will not be out of place. They were erected in the year 1872 and were occupied by the 4th Royal Lancashire Militia in 1873. They continued to be used for this pur- pose until the removal of the Militia to the new barracks at Orford, the headquarters of the brigade dep6t. Subsequently the premises were used for a short time as a school by the Guar- dians of the Warrineton Union for which they paid a rent of £lBO a year. The structure includes an armoury, clothing stores, hospital and living rooms, dwellings for thirteen families,orderly and officers rooms, pay and quarter- master's offices, guard rooms, cells, wash-houses, stables, drill shed, magazine, &c. rho whole was the property of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and contains 7,738 superficial square yards. It was offered for sale by public auction in April,lBB3, but was not sold. It was, however, afterwards secured for the Corperotion by the Property Pur- chasing Committee during the mayoralty of the late Alderman Greenall. The price paid was £4,750; 1 £5O of this sum being paid as commission to a local agent. For some years, a portion of the build- ings has been used in connection with the techni- cal instruction classes, and at present no arrange- ments have been made to provide another home for these classes. - . . .

eetimated cost of the new police buildings is £16,500. The style of architecture is not bleed upon any particular period of architectural history but it has been treated in what may be termed free ren- naisance adapted to suit the materials proposed to be used. A broad simplicity is aimed at. not only because of the limited cost, but because of it being more appropriate to the nature of the buildings. The various offices, courts, etc.. have been placed in positions most convenient to their special uses. The public entrance will be equally convenient for either of the courts and is close eo the constabulary offices. The staircase has been arranged with this object in view, the hall or public lobby of the Coroner's Court being directly on the left, and that of the Police Court to the right. Faltered from these halls are the witnesses' rooms for their respective courts; and the solicitors' rooms near the Police Court with the consultation room. between them and the witnesses' rooms will be quite convenient for either court. The entrance to public galleries in each case will be quits distinct from those leading to the body of the Court. The Police Court will be over the cells so that from the latter direct access will be obtainable to the dock. The Police Court will be so placed as to cause no discomfort flom external noise. The Coroner's Court being less frequently used will be placed to the front. The Magistrates' stairs will communicate with an upper hell from which their room, the Maeistrates' Clerk's, the Coroner's rooms and Bench of Police Court all opeu direct. The Magistrates' stair- case has also been so arranged as to afford A speedy and direct communication between the Coroner's Court and the doctor's room and mortuary with- out leaving the buillings. The Chief Constable's offices will be near the magistrates' entrance,which will also be used by the Watch Committee whoee room adjoins it. The detective department will be at the South-east corner near to the public entrance and midway between the Chief Constable's and the Chief Inspector's offices. Special attention has been given to the cells and police offices and parade room. The corridor and hall of the police offices will be'contiguous to the Parade room and the last named will be overlooked from the ser- geant's roorn.and will also afford a means of reach- ing the rear yard and single constable's quarters in a direct line from police station offices under elver, and without the traversing of any corridors. The arrangement of the cells is such as to permit of their number being added to without materially effecting the structure or the convenience of ar- rangement. In order to allow for the increase of dormitory accommodation for the single constables a space will be left between their quarters and the semi-leteched residences of inspector and sergeant. For the exterior, the materials suggested for adop- tion are brick, externally faced to the front with a good deep red pressed brick with buff terra-cotta dressings. The internal arrangemeuts will be of the plainest and strongest descriptions, and special items, such as cells and their fittings will receive particuler attention. There seems little doubt that under the supervision of Air. IL Burns Dick, the buildings will be erected to the satisfaction of the authorities, and enable the police and other access- ory work to be carried on with efficiency and com- fort. - -

BIRGS, ANINIALS AND FISFI STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cues any design. HVADS and HORNS mounted, also for sal. Birds made into llynd Serems or Fire Sereons. Della In British and Forwign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and llgg Collectors —B. COO. Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw %street, Lirerpoo Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMB

WARRINGTON CHARITIES. INQUIRY AT THE TOWN HALL.

Tu,s3ay an inqa;r e VC AA held in the Council Chain- b ,r at tee Town Ilan, Warriagton, respectiug the chari- tie 4 of Vie ancient parish of Wa rtruton,(comprising)the ancient towaghipi of Burtonwo id. Pouton•wNa-Fearn- head, R:xton-with-Ulazabrook, Weolston-with-Martins- croft.) Mr. Arthur Cardew, barrister-at-'aw, con(' acted the inquiry on behalf of the Charity Commissioners. Amongst those present were the Mayor (alderman Wright), the Deputy al,yor (Alderman Fairaloiush), Alderman Roberts and Harrison; Councillors Bennett. Crosfield, F. W. Monks ; the Revs. Canon Willis, John Yonvo, Father Whittle, E. J. Wtllco (hea 'm tater of the Warrington Grammar Sceool), Richard (Ire tnail, E. C. E. airleton. J. J. Langham, F. E. Powell. W. R. Hartwright ; Mes,rs. J. C. Parr,Flenry Greenall,Edward Rose (headmaster) of the Blue Coat School), Colonel Ridgway, Robert Davies, F. Monks, John White,Williant Owen, Dr. White, William Long, 11. Thornton, C. S. Burgess, A. Browne, C. Layiand, James Craik, J. L. Tunstall, E. A. White, E. J. Hall, James Davies, Worth- iugton (Manchester). J. Leon Whittle (town clerk) ; T. Longdin (borough sur veyor),W. Ti. Woodcock (collector, &c.) Mr. J. A. Bennion, M.A., director of Technical In- struction, represented the Lancashire County Council, who pay half the cost of the inquiry. In opening the inquiry the Commissioner explained that it was being held not for any nrcial reason con- nected with that parish, but simply in the course of a general inquiry into all the charities of the administra- tive county of Lancashire. The inquiry was instituted in the spring of the present year, and it was being held : at the suggestion and at the request of the County Coun- cil who were c ,Wributing to the expense under the Charity Inquiries Expenses Act, 1892. The present was the third of such inquiries—Systematic county inquiries —which had been held in the country. There was the inquiry into the charities of the West Riding cf York- shire ; the inquiry isto the county of Londe n charities which was still going on; and now there was an inquiry into the charities of the county of Lancaster. Most of the Welsh counties had had these inquiries. The object sought was to put upon permanent record information of the most authentic and complete character as to what charities there were in the county,the property they had and how administered. The result would practically be a new edition brought up to date of the reports of the Charity CommisAioners who many years ago went into every county of England aad Wales, holding public in- quiries. The reports would be issued separately for each parish, and would be issued as Parliamentary papers. THE WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

The charity cmnecthd with this scheol was the first inquired into. The school was founded in 152E4 and the Commissioner said it har.l had a chequered career. The first witness called was the Rev. E. J. Wilicooks headmaster of the school, who detailed the work and progress of the school. Mr. Rnbert Davies tten gave evidence as to the build- ings connected with the charity,. lie produced the trust dPecli relating to varims properties in Tyldesley, and Bridge-Street. Chester. Referring to the lease with the Bridgewater Trustees, Mr. Davies said that in the year 1732, the coal was sold to the Bridgewater Trustees undtr peculi ir terms. The terms were that the governors of toe Grammar School were ts receive one eighth of the value of the coal got. But the coal was not now being got as they would wish. There was nothing in the deed ac to the payment of any minimum rent or as to any stipulation on the part of tJke Brideewater Trustees to get the c sal within any limited tin?. SORIA day or other the Bridgewater Trustees would, of course, be c mnpelled to get the Grammar School coal when their own mines were ex- hausted. Endeavours had been made to get the Bridge- water Trustees to pay a minimum rent, and the matter was still pending,. The opinion of Mr. T. C. Wright, a most eminent counsel on mining questions, had ben taken, and he (Mr. Davies) did not know of any higher authority. The Commissioner said that Mr. Wright's opinion was the be,t that could be obtained on such a matter as coal money. Mr. Davis : We were advised so.

M. L-0-39.1-said the governors had been wonderinz -whether the Charity Commissioners could help them in matter.

The Inspector The Commissioners cannot help you, They could not put any pressure upon tne Bridgewater Trustees to get the coal. Mr. Monks said it was a most inequitable leave. Mr. Davies said that with respect to the Tyldesley property two governors—Mr. Tins'ey and Mr. L sng— and the surveyor to the charity, Mr. John White, had been good enough to go to Tyldesley to look over the property to see the state io which the Bridgewater Trustees !nit i. Mr. White and his (Mr. Davies's) son had prepsred a report on the subject, and he proposed to SRUCi a copy to rim Commissioner. Generally speaking, the prop:irty hal been lett in tolerable repair, but it VIA 3 very old property. With respect to the Grammar School accouats Mr. Davic.s mentioned tnat the Corporation were good enough to print an abstract of the Grammar School accounts every year for distribution. In answer to the Commissioner. . _ _

Mr. Davies said there had not been during his time a single claim for exe.nptiou from religions iO4trootloo. Dr. White asked if a claim had been made for absence during religious instruction. Mr. Davies said he had never hear] of such a claim. Mr. Davies asked supopqicig it was necessary at some time or ratther to change the sice of the new school, would the govrrnors be allowed Co build a new school out of the £lB,OOO in consols now in charge of the official trustee?

The Commissioner said as far a% his experience went it ceuld only be done on terms of replacement. Any money which the present site would realize the Cam- missioners might allow to be usod. lie did not think they wouli allow them to inrringe on any existing capi- tal. except upon terms of replacement. Mr. Davie asked if the governors got what be called a remunerative price for the coal—some thousands— would they not be allowed to US3 any of that money ? The Commissioner said it was not the practice of the eonom'ssioners to maks any distinction between money derive I from coal rent and other forms of capital. The COM would, however, be considered upon its merits. It depended to a great extent upon where they were gain .t) build the 603001. .

Mr. Long said thepresent governors were thirdly wei by their predecessors in maktrig such a lease. Would not that be taken into account ?

-The C imrnissionor : I cannot say. CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL CHARITIES.

Mr. Worthington of Messrs. Darbishire, Tatham and Worthington of Manchester produced the deeds and gave information respecting these charities. The Commissioner ttted that the Mary Patten charity of a rent charge of £25 a year on an estato at Stratton was es)ablished on the 2nd December, 1730. It was applied to the support of the stipends of Protestant and Dissenting ministers of Cairo-street,(Warrington)Cha pel Partington, Park-lane, Wigan and Risley. Mr. F. W. Monks pointed out that the rant charge had been sold for £l,OOO and the money re-invested in the Mersey Mocks and Harbour Board. Particulars were also given of the W. D.Floughton fund of £5OO which was invested in 1888 in Whitworth debenture stock ; and also of Miss Mary Brennand's charity. The last named dated some time anterior to 1835, and was a gift of £lOO to be in- vested the Government security to be applied for school prizes t I be distributed amongst children attend- ing Cairo-street Sunday School. BLUE COAT scaooL cuLthiry.

Mr. Henry Greenall appeared on behalf of the trustees of the above charity, and after the deeds and accounts had been examined, he stated in answer to the Corn. missioler,that the Hchool contained 33 bays and 21 girls. The children were elected by the trustees, at an age not less than ei;ht,and the condi ions were that the children should be of the Church of England and live in the township sof Warring,oe. The vacancies occurred January, April. July, and Oct her. He handed the form of application to the Commissioner. Mr. Roe, headmaster of the school, slit the girls re- mained in the school until the age of 16 and the boys until the age of 14. The Commissioner : Are you now full ?

Mr. Wise : There is not Much room. In answer to furthsr questioos, h said he had been master 16 years. His wife was mistress. They had two pupil teachers. who were hound until they were 21. It was not a public elementary soh ,01, but the instruction was elementary. At the age of 14 the boys were f avid situations. The girls ctayed until they were 16, and then went-. into service.

C,,mrnissioner expressed hii intention of inspnt- log fhr! schopl on the following day. THEWLT CEIIRICY.

The Co nmissioner explained that by the will of /alderman Shaw Th?wl4 in 1885 a sum ot £5OO was n to he invested for the annual purchase of blankets and other c=hits for the poor without regard to their religious bolii f. The annual income was £l4 2s. 4d. The tru,tses were Alderman Harrison and E. Harris (decraq)d). Alderman Harrison sold that the charity did not take eff,ct until the death of Mrs. Thewlis. who had only been dead a short tune. Phe first distribution came to £l5 34., and £l4 84. 9d. the second year. The Mayor was an ex-officio tri:ste Mrs. Harrison undertook a good deal of work in connection with the charity. The Commissioner asked if they made any difference

supposing the people were already in receipt of phri..h I relief. A'dortnan Harricon said they made no diatinetion. They generahy found those were th rnit desaryiou eases. The Rev. Man. Whittle said that in the case of the Thomas Morris blank t charity they were asked to name , certain persons who they thought were deserving of the blankets. The Commissioner slid it would b 3 a good plan, per- hips, to adopt that system in the present instance. Alderman Harrison t Quitu so. The Roy. John Yowl() asked what steps had been taken to make the charity ItAown. It was a public charity. Mr. White said it was mentioned in the piss at the time of the deaths both of Mr. and Mrs. Tnewiii.

Alderman Harrison obv.rved that as his c,-;-lrastee was deid, he would be submitting another gentle:m[os name for appointm 'at. The Commissioner: You had better apply for the appointment of one or two. BROWNFIELD'S ARNIS HOUSE CHAR(TY, The L.ornmissioner stated that the charity dated from 1697, and was £2O which had lo•aen h 4cl by John iirown- field together with £2O fr nn bia wife, for the erection ef two atm h oases in Gallows Acre tir poor widows of Warrington. In answer to the Rep. Father Whittle, The Commissioner said although the churchwardens at the Parish Church were appointed truste.s the charity was an open one and not confined to any church, . . .

The Rector said he had not known tha:t. DAIN rE CH'S CHIRE CY.

It was stated that Joseph D unteth, by a will dated 29th December, 1787, gave £lO for the promotion and encouragement of the Sunday school in Warrington, which he established. Lydia Rydiart, th 3 last suryivor of legatees, was lately dead, and they were informed by Mr. Joke Clare that upon the division of the personal property of which she had the enjoyment through her life be would receive fully sufficient to raise the sum of LIO a year, and in consequence of a communiCation be had had with the Rector he proposed to invest in the funds a sufficient sum to raise £lO a year fur the pur- r/050i of the charity. Mr. Clare paid LIO yearl to the Rector, out of which a salary was paid to the school- master, and the residue exp3nd 'd in providini: station- ery and other articles necessary for the establishment. The schoolmaster, in add tion to kis salary,wag allowed the use of the school on week days, and he kePt a pay school there.

ROYLE'S CHARITY. The Commissiooer Bail that Ann Royle,by her Will dated 25:4 May, 1731. devised her cottage in Churolt•street to the Rector of Warrington for ever in trust, th%t he and his successors should stand seizsd of the sald Premises and distribute the r tat on evny Christmas aly amongst Biz poor housekeep:uts in Church-street. kid she ate) devised other pro nises to the use of the poor People of the township of Warrington, chargeable amongst; other things with a psyment of 10s, per annum to tile Rector and his successors for ever for a sermon to b 5 preached by him in the Parish Church on every anutveruary of her funeral. (Laughter.) rho Commissioner added that the house was pulled down about 1831, an I no rent had boon paid since. Probably the report would arouse the conscience of someone who was living ca the sito. (Laughter.) MORRIS 'CHARITY. _

Thr, Cornmiqqio—n-or - s-1,71r1 will of James Morris, 19th March. 1835, ther3 was £l,OOO in trust. £lOO was to be spent in erecting a Jtained Om window in Warrington Parish Church, and tan residuo as to be invested until the princiPal amounted to £l,OOO, and this was to bri invested by the trustees, and tills income to be pail to the 11:!ctor and caurchwardens for distribu- tion amongst the deserving poor of the Warrington Parish Church.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

PM. Dose. , Price. cy in a :triege- table. Cure Torpid Liver, Silo, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to sG %lira Chezaists.l.s. ,

, • 13mi.! t';,. ii.... 6.1t,'• %0,,g1,1i4M Srile,ll TTLE Forty Li IVER i T y ', FL S par . _

===== 0002601_18981216_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
11:ar.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of xi SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the

- ----- world. Cleauses the teeth and spaces botween them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy bps, and frag-rant breath ensured. Uar ISOZODONT. 28. ad"

===== 0002601_18981216_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEUED EIIBaZLIMENT A.T

WARRINGTON.

CHARGE AGAINST A WELL-KNOWN TAILOR. At the Warrington Borough Police Court na Tuesday before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), air. Bithan and t Councillor Shaw Green, a well dressed Marl named Gecrge Parr, a salesman for Messrs. 133791711 Bros., tailors, Sankey-struq, was charged with feloniously de- frauding and embezzling £3 43. 61. and £33., during March and May of this year, the moneys of Messrs. Bovdell Bros. Mr. A. Browne prosscutod, and said that although the two amounts were small they would readily Understand theywere merely nominal. Prisoner was saleslnan and traveller for Boydell Bros,, was 'getting a good salary, aud had no need to do what he was charged. With. in January he gave himself up to the police, and it was the lint inkling Messrs. Boydell had that anything was wrong. He confessed to a certain amount haying been taken, and his employers gave him an inferior salary. Since that time he had embezzled a large alhount of money, the chartered accountant bringing the sum to about £250. Prisoner had done it in the most Nemo:li way, and he might possibly be charged with fortery and endorsement of cheques. For that reason they would amply for a week's remand to give them time t 9 go into the matter. Superintendent Mmaghan said he apprehecrled the prisoner at? p.m. on Monday, in Manchester. He had nothing to say. Prisotser, when asked by ton chairman if he had any_ anything to say in answer to the charge,saial " Nothing, sir," in a low voice. The Chairman : DJ Ima lerstand he gave himietf up? The Chief Constable ; About twelve months ago he came into the Police Station in a very nervous condition and accused himself of having defrauded his einPloyers. No charge against him was made at that time. Mr. Browne said the two sums ho was now charged with bad oaly been found out during the last fortnight. Prisoner left work in Joy. There was ollericc cased in 1896 ana not accounted for. Prisoner vot the items in the ledger book as paid, but had not entered them in the cash book. Tee prisoner was rumsn lei for seven days.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR HALL SATURDAY EVENLNQ CONCERT.

It is a matter for considerable satisfaction that the attendance at the concert on Saturday was a decided improvement upon previoul onea. A banjo duet, " To the Front," by Messrs. Schofield and Bee- wick opened the programme. The performance was a creditable one, and the artistes were ecal]ed. e Other items by the same performers " Maroh nuave " and "Chinese Patrol " received well- merited aleplauve. Miss Hilda Hall sang t• For all Eternity," and though the artiste exhibited a certain am3unt of nervousness there was certainly no reason for it, as her treatment of the song dtd her the utmost credit. An encore was demanded and another versa was given in response. Miss Hall had the pleasure of a recall later in the evening on rendering. eVainka's Song." Miss Mona Clare, who has appeared before a Warrington audience on a Previous occa_ sion,executed a skirt dance in a most graceful man_ ner. She also achieved further success with a coon dance and tambourine dance, having a resall for the latter. Mr. Norman Leslie sang " Devout Lover" and " Queen of the Earth," for the former of which he was deservedly encore 1. Mr. Leslie has a bass voice of good quality but a little more freedom of delivery would be, in our °Pinion, 'an improvement. Mr. B. Mills tiCb,,,.i'"i'ed a decided success with his saxophone some," near I bowed down with woe" and "Fantasia Pastorale' " I which were encored, the former being receiped with a loud burst of applause. NiiES Hild4 4%11 and Mr. Norman Leslie in is duet" Mayiug " 'Were favourably received. A banjo song " Ouycsasson by Mr. Arthur Schofield was also appreciated. Mr. Lindon Wyatt's appearance in several humaroes songs and sketches was an unqualified succes°. and only strengthened the reputation he had raads in Warrington. His abilities as an elocutionist 'Were displayed to advantage in a recita,ion on Human Nature." Mr. Alfred Ainsworth fauilld the duties of accompanist most creditably.

FOR DELICATE CHILDREN, BOTR FOOD AND MEDICINE. AgmEß's PICTROLEUM EMULSION looks and tast"like Cream. Children like it and ttke it readily when they cannot be induced to take cod livet oil. A meaicitls as well as a fold, it not only promrt s appetite and Puts on flesh rapidly, but it soothes any internal inflaramation, corrects stomach and bowel disorders. cures trrllllipa_ some coughs, and purifies and enriches the bload• Atdi. cal men report particularly good results from It u4ci in the treatment of waiting diceasea of childrts, su'it as scrofula, swollen glands, rickets, marasmus, ant 1,111 wasting and bowel disorders. Its effect is ofte,n,titrles marvellous, so rapid is the gain in weight, streng" Ond colour. Of all chemists. CA UT/O.Y.—Ours is the miginal Petroleum Ern„tiLlion. it is ms.de with a special oil obtained from Parrtilar wells and cannily purified by our own process. .`nlilsa.. tions made with erdinary petroleum cannot, bavithe, same effect. 13e suie to get Angler's. A free sari'Vson receipt of 3d. for postage. Ito Angier Chelnio to• Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.O.

, JOHN GAIILICIL • yr,. At the Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday Mr. •"—tice Bigham sentenced John Gar;ick, describel ,n;i a joiner, to five years' penal servic tufo tor on ate "long firm "fraud. Garlick had prellioi9ide4 in Ala nch ester,Orrnskirk, and Asliton-in-Niakerft,'”ltOf which he paid little or no rent, and orderea !6n4odß to be sent there from various firms, disP°3!:l of them at auctions at low prices, His LordshiP in passing sentence said the prisoner had been ong4gbd in hands practically all his life, and was a cl:°,,fier- ous man. Garlick will be remembered aki the 4r- petrator of similar frauds in Warrington.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
II 16, 1898.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. " VViggin "at " Warriton " wed to be one of the titbits of the football season in this district, but the Match is not now regarded with quite the sums interest. The Wigan Club has fallen upon evil times and is not the strong organisation it onc as.while even Warring- ton has lost some of its prestige as a club. Saturday's match proved, however, that Warrington can still put a team in the field good enot.ol to gat the better of such stubborn fighters as Wigan. With a little more weight forw.ird, and a couple of really cqoable centre-three• quarters Warrington would be strong enough to win half as many morn matches as they do now. "Wiggin " got their " wiggin " by four tries to nil, aril the game proved interesting. The " gate " wee a little balow par, but there was a goodly crowd all the same.

Warrington had a great advantage in the first half,the spin of the coin giving Bite choice of positions. As a strong breeze blew down the field the home captain did net hesitate to enlist it in his service. The opening ex- changes gave indicati m of a decided superiority on the part of Warrington, and the Wiganerg were rapidly driven back. Bate, who seems to have come to the con- clusion that he might as e'en score tries when he has a chance, doubled round the " scrum " and crossed the line before five minutes had elapsed. This early success pat the home players and spectators on excellent terms with themselves,while the visitors were correspondingly downcast. The wind severely handicapped the Wigan backs, whose kicks were rendered quite abortive. There was some smart work amongst the home backs on several occasions, and they succeeded admirably in pre- venting any combination among their opponents. Leglid, centre, received injuries which aecessitated him leaving the Wigan ranks, and the horaesters theta had things all their own way. Bate again found a weak spot in the defence and slippinw through he passea to Holcroft, the latter having no difß oulty in adding try nun:o9er 2. Be- fore the interval, Harris was given several attempts to show what he was made,of and after one or two fruitless efforts he took the ball from Isherwood and dashed in at the corner. The score at half time was 3 tries to nil in favour of Warrington.

With the c ange of ends it was genor ally expected that Warrington would have their hands full in repelling the Wigan invasion, hot riot from the kick-off the home- eters rushed the ball into the Wigan half. For a quarter of all hour they did all the attaoking and Fisn got a try,as the result of a long transfer from his Captain. Aided by the wind the visir.ore did succeed in getting dosra to the home lino once or twice, but they were proreptly repulsed. There was a lot of punting, but the May Was far from being monotonous. Though both Fishman' Holcroft retired with minor injuries before the closet Warrington continued to hold the whip hand of theirplMonents, an I maintained their twelve points marrn to the end.

!the back diviailn Warrington were immes.surably ager than Wigan. and it was a consolation to find ;there are much worse clubs in the League than "the !pullers." Forward the visitors had the pull, and a handicapped by the loss of Lewis, the Wigan !ct were a match for the Warrington. eight. I have

bees much disappointed with the Warrington scrimm- age/. all this season. Thoy have shown little dash,gener- allyspeaking, while in close work they have cut up badly against nearly every club so far encouattred. Wier possees for wards of the old•fashioned type— pu4rs—and lam inclined to think that even yet they are fe:ltninent. Cumberland and Yorkshire thrashed

shire with hard, vigorous forward play, and I be very glad to see one or two really burly men

, Warrington front rank. We'ght and dash are sadlY needed. A fly/ more like Boardman and

wnu- ld _improve matters, and there are plenty of

auchl playi provi liarri man I Pluck

len in the north. To a man the Warrington backs well on Saturday. Isherwood in particular im- ig on his previous play by passing more unselfishly. I made a good impression, and snowed that with a ear to make openings he can force his way through. and speed seem to be his characteristics but he

- has lOt to loamn in the defensive line. He should be quicir la going for the TA VI with ths ball,and not wait untilt is Passed. I cannot say much in favour of any of th Wigan backs—they were out-classed. Dixon was the dl7 one to make a show, the rest being terribly slow,

ntl irna nxt v rnr laCi Irte

her two points ought to fall to Warrington in latch with Stockport to-day. The Cheshire men Kt to the bottom of the Magus table, and have very poor form all the season. Just lately how- ley have plucked up heart and look like winning :h somewhere before long. The forwards are re- to be very poor, but the backs are playing pretty Though I predict Warrington to win I do not it that they will have anything to throw away.

an sho‘ ever a Err

IrJay's yictnry has improved tho c'ub'e position in 'ague considerably, and they now figure next to 01. The record now shows a balance of wine over though there is still a debt of points against. Wiped out. 'e.rl more points are required , before that awful

Oldl War St. 1

Positions of the clui) in the Lancashire League he results of matclies up to than are as follow :- Won Against. P. W. L. U. Ct. T. P. a. T. P. P. 'ton Rang 12...11 .. 0...74 41-171... 4 6- 26...22 13...11... 2... 0...10 34-122...14 9.- 55...22 12... 9.. 1... 2 ..14 18- 82._ 8 8- 43...20 15... 9... 6... 0...24 21-111... 9 21- 81...18 12... 8... 2... 2...16 28-116 ~ 7 4- 26...16 12... 8... 4._ 0...10 40-140.- 8 10- 49.-16 12... 6... 5... 1... 8 17- 67... 9 21- 81...13 12... 5... 6... 1...17 16- 82... 7 17- 65-.11 10... 4... 5... 1.-10 8 - 44... 9 19- 75._ 9 )12... 3... 8... 1...14 7- 49...22 30-134... 7 13... 3...10... 0...13 10- 56...22 19-101... 6 ey 14... 2...10... 2... 9 11- 51.-18 35-141._ 6 >rt II. 2 9... 0.10 10- 50...22 30-134... 4 %be l4. 1...13... 0... 3 7- 27...23 39-163... 2 ldon have had two points deducted for briacti of Ina' rules.

............

................

game put 35 had Fie'd czame, Knit:o rer,uta him 31 diffict: dale I

LS

le. Hornets

I were some unexpected results from Saturday's For instance the despised Hornets of Rochdale IPoke in Leigh's wheel of success. The Hornets asistance of Kruger (Huddersfield), and Archie nidland Counties), both of whom playod a grand , Warrington have been endeavoring to get p hut the latter will not work at anything but his , trade of a" killer," and the Club could not find 61tipinyment. Huddersfield were in the same JY. and I should rot be surprised to find Rock- In'=ts in trouble over the matter yet.

Widn, should downfs score vi was pia mcl set Ty'dealt have be tune of Seaside, good. al thay ma to their t Stockpor their viel

a singular coincidence that on the day when ?st their first match of the season Morecambe la their first. Oldham were responsible fer the Of the previeusly undefeated ones. and the decisive enough for anything. The game at watersheciainge, and whilst Widnes never Oldham ran up 14 poias. At Morecambe, Were forced to eat humble pie, and it most indee I, for they were defeated to the Pointe to three. Many a ill fl glad that the lave at length won a match. It will do them "sc the turning of the lane has ben reached ret do better things. Stlford added another v.. formidable lit of viotories hy defeatin.Y. 12 printB to eight. and Runcorn gained over Swinton by two goals.

3Cle

Thm " A lids werc. pirt. but pull i': off.

t an had no fixture on Saturday,and ao the yen a rest. They hqv a stiff t isk at Soek- p strong team selected ought to ba able to

Thq pe matches ui petition ar

in of the club) an I the results of the to date in the Lancashire " A" team corn- follows : For. Avain et. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P.P ~.13...11... 0... 21 47...183... 3 12... 42...22 8.. 7... 1... 0... 8 18... 70... 5 4... 22...14 5._ 2... 0... 4 23... 87... 5 9... 37...10 8... 5... 3... 0... 6 18.. 66... 3 12... 42...10 8.. 5... 3... 0... 10 26... 98... 6 6...30...10 .... 7... 4._ 3... 0... 11 20... 82... 2 7... 25... 8 7... 4... 3._ 0... 13 19... 83... 6 15... 57... 8 1 5 453... ...19735::: 2 4 000:.:,: 22. 5 8... 31...12 24...102... 2 :7..77:: 6... 0... 9... 0... 4 7... 29...18 37...147... 0

Salford ....... ' Warrington Broughton R? Stockport Oldham.. ....... Widnes ....... Swinton ....... Rochdale Idor yinnoorn ..... Leigh ........ Tyldeslev

to;ets9,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ItElf OM ABLE INCIDENT AT A GUA RDIA.NS' MEETING,

An inte,.,ng, and, we venture to think, somewhat unusual inoirnt lately ozcurred at the meeting of the Bishop's Stoitford Poor Law Guardians. A workingman appeared before the Ito.rd with reference to some arrears of maintenaP for his father's support, the latter being in the County Lunatic A4ylurn. The man said he was quite unable to pay. He was employed at 13s. per fi"k'lMli had bean himself laid up with illness. Out of this 131.,93.went for ied,ings and 21. 9d. a week for Dr. Pins Pills for Pale People. Some of the Guar- dians 'suggested that he might have dispensed with these but the /nal would not hqar of this, siying that if Se had adopted auch advice he would not have bees sble to r -01100' his employment at all. The Guardians ferr at first disinclined to accept this testimony of the !slue of the Pills, but one of their own number spoke WY decidedly in their favour and testified to the emit Denefits he had himself derived from them. The Guar- dian in question Met with a serious accident some time agO, and it was while recovering that ho tried the pills gigs what he described as most beneficial results.

ITNITM CATHARTIC:MX PILLS. digestive, correc- tive, and agreeably aperient. 90., 1311.-Or. 511 " LINSURD COMPOUND " for Coughs and Colds Asthma, and Bronchitis. Of Chendsts only.—Advt . " ILINERRD COMPOUND" (Trade Mark) gives Ex- pectoration Without strain, 90., 13id. Sold by Chemists oaly.—Advt,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Was advised take cod=liver

to

oil.

he thought he could not take it.

There are many people who, like the gentleman whose photograph we here introduce, find great difficulty in taking cod-liver ,_ll. Still, they know they need this oil, and it only remains for them to learn the best way to take it in order to derive the benefit to be obtained from its many medicinal pro- perties. Possibly you will be interested in the fol- lowing experience 31, Lochaber Road, High Road, " Lee, S.E., August 9, 1898. " Dear Sirs,—Having had a severe atta3k of bronchitis, I was advised by a medical man to take cod-liver oil. In fact, I have been so advised several times, and Lave tried to do s 3 time after time, and with always the same result, namely,that after a few doses I have been obliged to give up tak- ing it, owing to the nausea and other evil effects, having such an irritable stomach that it is an utter impossibility for me to take any kind of fat or oil in a natural way, although it is known to mcst people that fat is a necessary part of our diet. It is a well- known fact that cod-liw ris a most valual Is atticle of food and medicine als3 to all who suffer from chest diseases, or to those who are in a weak and debilitated state. I therefore determined to try Scott's Emulsion, and I am able to state that not only could I retain it, but could take it ircelc and with great benefit. It strengthened my whole system, and greatly relieved and strengthened the chest and lungs. I may also say tkat my children, two of whom have suffered very much with bronchitis, have b-en greatly relieved and strengthened by its use, and they Nii:l take

But until he tried Scott's Emulsion

it readily, and actually ask for it. I can rtrongly recommend all who suffer from bronchitis, or any cough, cold, Asc., and also those who suffer from general weakness, to give it a trial, and they will he surprised and greatly benefited by its use. " Yours truly, " (Signed) ALFRED J. Amos.' We will say that Mr. Amos is perfectly right in hiS theory that fat is a necessary part of our diet, and when people are run down in health, or suffer front chronic bronchitis, or are susceptible to taking cold or ira fact any local affecion of throat or lungs, it is almost essential that cod-liver oil should be taken both as a specific and as a frod. In Scott's Emulsion the problem of making cr.d-liver oil acoeptable to everybody is admirably soived. This preparation is not only palatable, as Mr. Amos's letter indicates, but by reasoa of its perfectly ernulEified form it does not tax digestion, and moreover is readily ab- sorbed into the blood.

Besides cod-liver oil, ScMt's Emulsion &so con- tains glycerine and hypophospbit sin proportions approved by the medical profession. You cannot compare aoy other preparation of cod-liver oil favourably with Scott's Emulshn. Many who have tried to take othn forms of the oil have come back to Scott's Emulsion, quite ready to admit its super- logity. For sale by all chemists. You may obtain a samplo of So At's Emulsion by sending threepance to cover postage ta Scott and Thwne, Ltd., Manufacturing Cbemists, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.G., and mentioning this paper.

CQNSIIMPTION and ASTHMA are always relieved by Dlts LoCocg's PULMONIC WAFERS. Mr. Pearce, 217, Athol-street, I Liverpool. writes I can testify to the remarkable rfamny of Dr. Locock's Pulmonic Wafers, and their sale is constantly increasing. A lady stated to me that they were the only thing that gave ease to her daughter, suffering from Consump- tion. This is only cne case of h.any I could mention.' Asthma, Consumptian, Bronchitis, Cougks, Colds, Shortness of Breath. Phlegm, Pamela the Chest and Rheumatism are instantly relieved and rapidly cured by the Wafers, which taste pleasantly Sold at Is. lid., 2s. 9,1., 41. 6,1. and lls. per boa by all Drugglits.—Advt. (1)

"As A Se.rx, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE for Srofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, " It is c,rtainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medlca skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testim, nials Sold every where. at 2s. 9dp.er bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.— Advt. (3)

I

I

,

'li ' , • ' - :' '-'' , \'1\:,•::,..-‘-\\, . • - ' -•-, " ,';',', .: '-'s-,:' , :- -- - , —. i '''',„ ;... =-:,•-•*_,-,---`. - - : .1k -_, ~,. _,,, , , -.. ~f./..' p•-•3-7'-' ~ - ,;:i :i! . , ,'-: 4 '• -47 i.,‘,,,:, ... . ' , ~.,...,,_, „:::;!,11%.,.'„?,,,..,.7:;:',.:,4,, ...--.':::......J,........,......"•::;•:. .' ;,...;‘:Wgi.--, ...... -.: .. .:'. ..... ':l.,it':ik 7 i :...:-.i.i:ii•:::.i....iiifiiiiiiitii;4 -'• :••••' ' ' : -.,‘ -,••;,•-•7";,`L.':•:-':-..'" .1 ':- •••••••••............;.:,,,...11:111i,i,•••••••• - Q.,: -- —, -•.: - •,,,: ...- -.:•,i, • :::•:::iiiii:li.:=:ii!!!-::.ii::( • - .- -; ,,;•,.f:••,,,,,-;,,-..,-;••••••-•---.-:, 7 ••, • ......,..,,,,,,,,,,,,.... • ,:-.- -..-..- •• .--- .. .... ~, , .7., -, ........ii,,ii:,l4,i:, , ii:ii:i- - • • -,-•--• r:- •• - ..;:.:-.....Y.,..-:.........5...:.1'...... \i......\1-1...1!.i.,..1.11,11:ai1,„ii......:-....,.._ =--0.„-,-,--5,_.-:-.;, •-_,.. • ,-. .. ~ - 5..:''.:.-4-,..,:, ...i,l-r, ..-' IMililiqi.::;:, ''-' ' .. ::,;''''''''''''*"- 4::3•L::-' - •,• •,,,,,,,,,,,......„1,,,,,,,,,,......4(---------.,,,,' i ::,, ' ~.1, 4,.,...,..:" ...i. ;-. ', ..z.,::::::,:ii.•,••:,tz,..::,:,,....r.,;,• j. nnirc,1:::::::::., , ~ •- , :‘,. ,--,,,,' ,',„.,!-4',2-,,f „• , i . :::::6§....4l.l•AV,.l.lll,ll.ll?•••T:,.,iliiiiiiiiiii :,, .--,-. ;•.„,,:, ~, •-t : ,ii* c.', V:, ~ , I:.;••••2•St.'tii•.l%;;',',,rl,' . , . ~......-...1.;',Vt..,,1.11:111.1,1 $ll s't is . .i":'1•111f,S; '''''''' ''' ''''s' ' ')-,A.1.*•:c1.1.,"'" "1 11 Illiiiiiir: '. :': - . 1.,1•4,...... :' ),- 1.11'.....1.1: \\ '., • ; \ ' 'l' p , -,.„,,,,-.-,,f,',,:., '' fi''',„ ''..:,..::.;':.,.1;'....\5'..•.1.:':'2.,...,..Aql . I „ . . L, v::,•;• , - , • • :•:•. ......." " ~....-.,,::::„...,,,...,.....,,,, \ i 11:•:::, :: , . . , . , L,„„„ ... ~ , . . .A)\ ...,,,: ->• , . , ....,,.. , , , • - .)1) ki 4.") ''' .ti., • . ~ '. •1. :'''.`, .: " )-,' • '.,',41t,`"-,, '''-'• ;,.•_ -,,...1., '. / ,i, ~..tf,,l:Lit;•,t.„ ,', , 1, l'A:',l! ,-;., ... •.J,,,'lti/3,4 ‘l'-;i;';',..-..•-:'' '', 'I ' ill ~.F.A.:-';';'..ll ,;- ,T ,' .: ' • ''. '..,` - '. !: „ ~ ,' _-:-•:.,;:..-;-- -.',„ z,-,;--;-::-...-:-..--..--.\'e •:,.. , ''' -4;4;1:-...: ...,,, ~..,..., 7,, „,..„!,, :,. ,- , : ,\ ,•,• --,,'-i.:5:---- ~,,,,...-..„,...7•.? , 1 llfi ' ) ))).iii; ~, 1 :.:::::41 \ '. 1';',,•„..,..,,,,,,,„:. ~..,:.,,,„;.:- '.'"':-,_ v--7----„,1.-::..- ti 111, / . . ........,, ~.. :.,............... \ •,..v.,;;ti::•.f.7.4".. - . qo / ; I/ ii,,A., ..,./, iiii/ill.;:://ti:/if ~ ..., • :".t •,-'..r ~,'..\,: .„, ofF ~.... ..-.:.::::::.::.........,.:.:,,,,,,,,....,,,.,. \ . '...•:,N \\ ‘..---,:,-.,,:-_,:,..-..:.--•:::::':...N...,..,, !: ::i;,..,...., -12,-..,..-.:•:::-.i.:-., •••••.,:;,:,,,:•:•:,,,3,,....„.,.., ,s ~.,:••„ ii:,......,........, ...• - • ALFRED J. AMOS.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

There is a kind of pcem sung in the London press over the result of Sir Joseph Savory's libel , The verdict or the jury is a vindication of the right of the press to fair and free criticism, and it is a , condemnation of the action of a public man in a , high official position, such as that of Lord Mayer, when he enters upon a course of tratisacti^ns such as formed the subject of inquiry be:ore the court. The ex-Lord Mayor has proved that he was not guilty of corruption during his year of office. lie was not charged with corruption; but his offence against public life and against the dignity ot the office he held was nevertheless very great—so great that the jury emphasised their disapproval of it by not leaving their box.

The proposal by the "Liberal Forwards" to form a club open to both sexes has now been put into practical shape. Premises have been provisionally taken, and adherents of the "forward" movement are being invited to send in applications for mem- bership. The membership will be limited to 500. The promoters of this new organisation seek to avert the growing danger in foreign policy of moral obligation being made subsidiary t 3 material inter- ests, and by means of lectures and discussions they will also endeavour to focus public attention on the social questions of the day.

I have just learned that the originators of the idea of raising a fund of a million guineas for the Purposes of the Wesleyan Methodists have already received the most convincing assurances of success. The fund has not yet been opened, and does not open till January, but £200,000 has been already guaranteed by four districts alone. There are still 28 districts to announce their contributions, and it would not be a matter of very great surprit.e if the susa originally contemplated were exceeded. The sum of .C 200,000 referred to is a minimum guaran- tee, and it is fair to assume that the to: at of the four district s will greatly exceed that amount. The response, so far as it has gone, is quite marvellous, and furnishes a striking object lesson to the wealthy National Church.

Something much mare creative of consternation has occurred among the whole body of civil ser- vants than the addition ot au hour to the daily labour of a number of clerks. It is the compulsory retirement, under the new Order in Council, at a given age, of every per:on of whatever status Lem the service of the State. At least that appears to be the meaning of the Order.. This strikesat 02.1 tbe humbler ranks of serVents, Including even messengers and postmen. The rule of rettrenient has a certain definite and recognised vale's in the upper grades of the service, as it as-its the flow of promotion, although it betters a very small number only of officials compared with the army „Pot men who simply remain where they were. What is to be gained by turning out the members of the humblest ranks of the service, upon whom, it may be, very little physical or mental call is made by their duties, it is difficult to see. But every year now quite a host of men will be cast adrift, and the pension list will come to be the measure by which the new rule will be annually tested.

The new and unexpected difficulties which have arisen in connection with the opening of the grave in the Druce case are likely to throw the problem as far back as ever. All that has hitherto been done may be 80 many necessary steps towards the goal, but the new obstacles appear to render all that has been done very futile. First, there is the Home Secretary's intervention in the matter; nest, a doubt has been raised as to the powers of the di- rectors of the cemetery to allow the grave to be opened ; thirdly, it is said that the cons,mt of the - owner of the vault is necessary ; and fourthly, it is averred that nothing short of an Act of Parliament will allow of the grave being disturbed if the owner refuses to give his consent. Thus the course of jastiCe is barred in all directions, and the condition of our law is reduced to an absulute farce.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO CHOOSE A CHRISTMAS GIFT

is agitating many a kindly mind, just now. The good- hearted giver wants to give ungrudgingly—whether the worth of penoe or pounds—all he or she is justified in affording, and, at the same time, what's most accept- able and really useful to the friend. The !perfect art of present-giving depends on, the happy choosing of the gift .ind not on what it costs. Aye, the ideal gift should ever evoke the spontaneous and delighted exclamation from the pleased recipient " It's just what I've bcen wishing for I "

Now our nine-and-twenty-years of trading have taught us what The People have proved also for them- selves, that there's no New Year's gift so good and no Chrbtmss present so perfectly appreciated everywhere and y everybody as a pretty canister or dainty packet of BROOKE, BONDS'

===== 0002601_18981216_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TEL

OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE

sell, at PRICES TO SUIT ALL PURSES,

the following favourite Christmas and New Year Gifts-:

A 3-lb TIN OF • MOST ADMIRIIIL FC• 2/8 TIC.A, 31- A 3-lb 'M ST DESIRABLE a/- 6/- A 3-lb „ ' MOST SUMPTUOUS 2/4 to 7/- A 6-1 b „ ' MOST ADM/RLIVIT 2/8 10/- A 6-lb • Mon, DESTRA.SLIT ' 2/- to 12/- A 6.,b Mon SUMPTUOUS 2/4 to IV' and indeed, any of our Celebrated Teas. at " 10c1.1 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-: & 2/4 a lb., packed by us in handsomely decorated canisters, of novel and artistic designs. eontaininz I-lb , 1-lb., Elbe.. 3 lbs.. and 61b2. ot tea, or in all-sized parcels and boxes (carriage paid on 3-los. and upwards, by rail or post), are most highly appreciated Christmas Presents. We also pada tea nipecially for paroebist distribution, and tor charities.

$llOlll4 you require any further particulars from us, we wfluid flintily give Immediate attention and a reply, by return of post, to any letter or poet-card which you may favour us by addressing to either of our City Ware_ houses as below.

BROOKE, BOND & Co.,

I,IIIIIED. Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People. Tiii LANCASEURE TE WAREUOUSES : 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG NI ILLGATE. JIANWIESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BILADFORD AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'4 •

' • -

===== 0002601_18981216_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
I

I

I„.:. ~, ~ , ::,...

Ebt 44 aaMtiter " gintrul Of LA/MAMIE AND CHF-TRIBE COUNTY 11FwspvPluis: Comprises

11,11 E Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, liatied every Saturday morning. TIIE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrIlE St. Helens Examiner, puliaistie eternoon. rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday _L. morning,

every Friday

"THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday -A morning PREPAID ADVBRTISIDERRTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED,

APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY:, WANTED,

SPECTFIC ARTICLES FOB SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

anc-F.J.LANzors WARTS.

HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR Soin. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18981216_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
At await Otrbants, &r.

WANTED, two GENERAL SERVANTS. Apply, PLOIIGIC HOVEL, Crossens, Southport.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT.—Addrese C. ROBERTS Shrewsbury. Cross Foxes, Coleham,

. . WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, about Ht.—Address Mrs. STANTOX, 47, Pitt-street Accrington.

W ANTED, good GENBRAL SERVANT.—Apply Mrs. Mammawn, Knowsley Hotel, Cheetham, blanche ster. -

G. ltrililiALS, reliable; any number can have good places, at once.—Mra. GRAY, liegistry , Office, 32, Cross-Street, _ _

VV Apply GENERAL SERVANT, in a small family.— Apply Mrs. W. SAWBBIDGE, 18,Elder House, Swinley- lane,

), Wigan.

WANTBD, country GIRL; must be clean and honest; age 15 Or 16.-150, UPPLR LLOYD-STREET, MOLL bide, Manchester.

WANTEDi strong GENERAL over 20, El 6. No young children.—lpply 48, COANBRoOK-STREET, Stretford Manchester.

road,

"ViiANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, 18 to 25. Good Wages. Small family. Comfortable home. PEEL , Draper, Greetland, Halifax.

WANTED,f or December 31st, good Plain COOK; no washing.--EnooustrsaMotinx, Edge-lane, Chorlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester.

LIVID. respectable GIRL (17), as General. good VV references ; two in family; good home.—Mrs. JOBDAR 128. Brunswick-street, Manchester.

WANTBD, a respectable girl as GENERAL SERVANT, or young girl to train : country.—HlLToN, Vioodcock Ball, Nei Li, near Southport. ----- TTSBFUL HELP or good GENERAL SERVANT Wanted at once, in a boarding schooL—Apply, Bra. AMIN. Girl's College School, VVhitchurch.

rbargi

WANTED, situation as GROOM-COACEIMAN or Second Coachman : single ; age N ; weight 10st ;at liberty. J. BUTLER, 82, Greentoot Terrace, Barnsley.

WANTBD good General SBRVANT. for farmhouse ; plain cooking ; others kept ; no outside work ; references. —Address, by letter. BROOKLANDS WA.NTBD, a GIINBiIIAL SBUVANT, about 20 years of age, only two of family ; references required.—Apply T. Rola, Cliff Ville Terrace, Hartahill Bank, htoke-on-Trent.

OERVANTS' AGENCY, 193, BRECK-80, LIVERPOOL.— Good Generals awaiting engagements ; ladies' booking fee, la.; many servants required ; no fee until suited. Letters enclose stamp.

MRS. GRIFFIN, 24, DERBY RANG% Keaton door, Stockport, wants good PLAIN COOKS, 24 to 25, wages £2O; good Generale, 18 to 22. £1.7 ; and thorough Housetnaid-W tltress £lB.

Hope- street, FlrleArPlOßol. NURSES 'VI la 787 I l'No; "; °an -3 Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr Iph.—• • Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 670

"WANTED, by farmer's daughter, 23, situation as LADY HELP or ASSISTANT HOUSEKEEPER, where ser. want le kept; thoroughly &masticated, good references, Apply Hiss STEPHENS, Buigedin. Arddleert, near Oswestry

===== 0002601_18981216_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
fflacbimerg, etc.

tr. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITBD (late Ormerod 1.7 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Sngineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll- n.—Telephooe 229, ------

_e OFFICS4 IKANOHESTBR, BEVILBLISIIED IN 1835. blew GEORGE DAVIEki & SON have ha 4 more tbut 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Bstablish• ment, and possess praotiaalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manutacteres. •• Sell-help to the New Patent Law, p, rice Bd. "Colonial and. Foreign Patent Laws, price I. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 31.8. A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROA.D, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station through Railway Arch.) THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH BEING CLEARED OUT TOTALLY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT. IDITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE HAS COMMENCED. This important announcement will doubtless send a thrill of pleasure through the shrewd public who always make A point of patronising Pitts's Sales, knowing full well that at anch times a saving of 25 to 50 per cent may often be effected. Pitts's are renowned far and wide, in fact stand pre•eminent for always giving UTMOST POSSIBLE VALUE, but at their StoCktaking Sales Pitta's give MORE THAN VALUE as in many instances adicles are marked CONSIDERABLY IsELOW COST, in order to clear them out to facilitate Stocktaking. ITTS'S believe that if they sacrifice several hundred pounds, during this great bale, giving their customers the benefit such sacrifice will pay them in the long run as an advertisement by still further strengthening their well- known reputation as the BEST and CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS. It Is utterly impossible for anyone, not having favoured Pitts's with a visit, to conceive the astound- ing variety and magnitude of Pitts's UNRIVALLED STOCK of new and second-hand FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS: PIANOS, CYCLES. HASSINETTES, etc., etc.. 1:t fact every household and office requisite, much of which Pitts's have secured at about a third of original cost from numerous large residences the mulles of which have already been advertised. Pitts's intend this sale to far surpass all previous efforts. As such an opportunity as this of economical fur- nishing occurs but seldom i is the BOUNDEN DUTY of everyone desirous a laying out their hard-earned money to the BEST ADVANTAGE to call at PITTS'S WITHOUT DE- LAY. or they may be too late, 1110ITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 14,24,24, 34,50 75, 100. up to 1,00 guineas need no praise; one miLlst as well paint the Illy or gild refilled gold. During the sale, Pitts's will net alter th prices, but instead augment the quantity ard quality of the articles. so you may take it for granted that each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLE THE PRICE ,ISKED. Inspection will verify this state-

;sent. PIETS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 15/ guineas, worth £35; includes a splendid serviceable suite in leather, dining table, fender and brasses complete, capital Brussels carpet, with hea.rthrug to match, wir dow fittings. &e. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong table with heavy white top. nine yarils of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug. fender and irons complete. Bedroom has all re- quisite articles ; massive b--dstead, mattresses, bed bolster, and two pillows (guaranteed new and clean), carpet. toilet ware, &c., all complete and full size. DITTS'3 ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN-ROOMED HOUSis, originally cost £lBO for 'l5 guineas. 'The dining-room is in morocco leather, the drawing-room is in rosewocui, a spare room upstairs fitted as a smoke-room is la saddlebags. Furniture for kitchen, hall, stairs, landing, collars, &c. The first bedroom is in American walnut, Inch ding wardrobe, dressing-table, washstand, chairs, sc., bedsteads. bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet service. The , second bedroom is in ash, and the third bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered. pITIS'S STOCKTAKING. CARPET BARGAINS. Largest and best selected Stock of Brussels, Tapestry, I Axminster, Wilton, Velvet Pi e, etc., etc. Linoleum, Floor- cloths, etc. AU English manufacture, at exceptionally low prices to clear. Fitted free of charge by competent men. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING, PIANOS, CYCLES, RAS- -SINETTES. LAMPS. CHINA, EARTHENWARE, PICTURES. BNGRA.VINOS, CUTLERY, and OTHER BARGAINS too numerous to mention. Exceptional value. PUTS'S STOCKTAKING. OFFICE AND LIBRARY BARGAIUS. For Half a Century the word" Pitts's ' and ()cod Offics:Furniture have been synonymous. Pitts's baTe either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or a better article at the same price. Desks, Tables, Chairs, Stools Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses. Safes, stand at prices that entirely obliterate competition.

QAMBEL PITTS. Established 1845 A) LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through oouth Junction Railway Arch, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars ems the Door,

, WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22-1 earat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or distrier.. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCII to Fir TY SHILLINGS. All sizevand shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur• chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—HUSTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock. 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. EstabllshedlB64.

itpartmtnto, & eurnigbeb

BLACKPOOL.—SUPERIOR APARTMENTS for Winter months; with or without board; forms moderate.— ROBINSON. 19, Alexandra-road. South Shore.

POMFORTABLE FURNISHED APARTMENTS. Beauti- V fully situated for winter months. Terms moderate.— HADDON, 15, Walker-road, Harrogate Yorkshire.

T4' EXAMINE

Its bp latter ertatp.

MAS: IVE BRASS FENDER. FIRM IRONS and DOGS complete, at JACKSON'S, for Really cheap.

QlOO.-HOW I make £lOO ye any from 25 Hens kept in JS confinement, pamphlet, Is H.—RI:MUM, 69. George- street, Oxford.

()N SALE 103 PULLETS. free from disease; wintet layers (crossed Leahorn-Brahmas).— L. liawolaa, 125, Hart-street, Southport.

lAECORATIVE GRASSES, Is. per lb.; best quality cheape,t price. Pampas Plumes Is. 33. per dezen coloured. Is. 84. Hawkers' and Shopkeepers List fee, Good market lines.—WATTS, Grass Importer, Leicester.

i'EDP ' doe, Fr Ippelp al 96'

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. IRREGULARITIBS, Sc.— Lads, having tried in Vain .I. every advertised rerneay, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whlon will act In a few hours, no matter how tubbern the case. Bone-fide sufferers can get it FRMB of sHARGB by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment Cith Worthless Pills, Mixtures Cones, and other injurious wostrums. Write at once with full HOPB and CONFI• MINCH to Mrs. 0 ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings L Qbancory-Inne. London.

Honl.men,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
cation.

IT. pAUL'S HUNTLBY SCHOOLS, Bury.—WANTBD, at ASSISTANT-MISTRESS ; £so.—Apply Vicar.

once,

QT. JOHN'S GIRLS'. BURT.— Wanted, ASSISTAN' 0 £5O ;if certificated £7o.—Apply HEAD MISTRESS.

vrrANTED, strong YOUTH for FARM ; must be a good milker.—Apply J. TURNER WOOD, Red Rock Farm, Haigh, near Wigan.

GENTS WANTED, something new; once used always used, sells welt; post card free sample.— Particulars ti DIWIITES, Stockton-on-Tees.

NORTH Moor Wesleyan School. Oldhara.—"WANTED ASSISTANT MISTRESS: Article 50, £5O: also Art 68. £55 mixed. Apply 20, COPPICE STREET.

rPORACCONISTS Commencing.—See Lid. Guide (269 1_ pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Euston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. H.MYERS.

A GENTS WA.NTED ; unprecedented terms ; attractive LI Christmas Novclties.—LONDON GOLDWIRE WORKING COMPANY, 34, Jervis-road, London, S.W. Samples shilling.

CIIIIIIOSTAL TUITION. Bookkeeping, Business Training- .l- Shorthand, French. German, Commercial Correspon. dance ; Prospectus, Trial Lessons free ; moderate fees. R, GRAHAM, 4, Duke-street, Charing Cross. London. -- -

MO LET, COTTAGBS oft LOVELY-LANK. rents 4s. Apply _i_ ASHTON and Worms, solicitors. Horsemarket-st., War- rington.

DEEMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— I_ Apply ASHTON AND WOODS. Solicitors, Horsemarket-at., Warrington.

rro LET.-110 USN. No. 48, Park er-street. —Apply -IL. ASHTON IND WOODS, Solicitors, Hors em ark et-street, Warrington.

rllO BB LBT, good SHOP. WORKSHOP and DWBLLIN4 i HOUSB. No. 17, Mill-strePt end King-street.—Apply to WrLeux WW3TAIPLEY. plumber, Park•plaee, Warrington.

• DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in

_ every case however long standing. TiXoIJSS.Nne OF GENNITINE TxsTmomit.e. 25. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, LondonsW 0

!Ala 111, I VS he ngtAn. StL.

ON S. ligl wich.

Payments taken

228. 6D.

WANTED, to rural:lase ,Se el eon-hand MILNER'S, WIDENS', or CRATWOOD'S SAFES. EDWARDS AND Co., 108, Whiteeliepel Liverpool:

IT N 0 gstal Head offp 210 to £5 Policies. Sbas £lO repo) £5O £lOO Any ots! terms of rel Further Parts

DI ILES, never known to;fall, 12 stamps. Bleeding Piles, 12 stamps.—Bauxxxx, 18, Engine.street, Burnley.

N.B•--1), 21 to 4 per ce

ÜBBBRINE closes all small punctures in tyres Auer matically, quite harmless; is per bottle, post paid. $. RAMSBoTToId, 81. Market-street, Manchester.

Votlltrations.

ASSELL'S WORLD OF ADVERTtfik—LIFI, tJ QUMIN ; 60 numbers at half published price, Educational Books, de.—Etar.rm Minnows, Grap,-

OHN E. FKIVAI and all respo at ONEy TO 1 5101

APPIY

WARRING'

Applicati.

Loans in sui

EADWB- EADB'S EADE'S EADE'S

IDAT, DECEMBER 16, 1898.

elts hp Vrtatt Ettatp.

Bay MARE, 15-2 hands ; aultabl - for van or lurry.—Apply PICKERING, Cherry Cottage, North-

===== 0002601_18981216_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S

their action. INSTAN WOR!

BELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE roma OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, N THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, he largest recommendation ever given Ly Patent Medicine of its class. "16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road, Leeds. May 2nd, 1894. HEUM4, "D.ar SI r, —lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills, It is six years since I first had RHRUMAIISH Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMATIE 81 The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a a GOUT hfriend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented `t: RH UM AT 1S NI my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again 1, RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT 6 (2.0 UT THEM IF THEY COST 0 k-A ONE POUND A BOTTLE. ' Rival/ MATISM You are quite at liberty to make 6 what use you liks of this, and I 6 •-s IOUT shall be Pleased answer any 6 poor sufferer who cares to write 6 R--vmATlsm !be (enclosing stamped address). hinff You every success, Yours truly ALBERT MouNTAIN... %lA'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. t post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, Gil RADII, 72, GoswELL-Raen, B.C. Ask for sure you obtain ',JADE'S GOUT AND rtHEU• piLLs. ADE S PILLS

PAINS I And have i GOUT

TI BM

0 Ace sol 4 Or BE 6 GEC 6 and 6 MA!

yard,

SMALL Fog $ll

S•P•Q•R• p,ucE. QUICK REMEDY I nEADAOHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTIO

NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. lAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS spEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. when in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of 90. 3300T51,80 CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGHAM. 3BSSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARICET GATE, WARRINGTON. Alo vi/BrOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGLIAMI. 4to.

tiEBRAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
[NO COUGH

The celebrated effectual Cure without internal G COUGH medicines.

COUGH

Of all Chemists price G COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sole 'Wholesale Agen te, W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. OERBAL EMBROCATION'

:11ITIS

Public 3Llottsts, 3ttrbottots, Srr.

g5O in reSa ti hno or uGgOhOf aDr IwL with Se ,Pelrßyl Te oVn Av eUnLi eTnS, e e for a family. WALLWORIC AND C0.,23.L0nd0n-road, Liverpool

NAT ALLWORK & CO.. London-chambers, 23, London-road V Liverpool, have to Let Two BEERHOLISES south end, and Two BEERHOUS it,'S north end ; £45 each.

QHIP INN, Newcastle, Staffordshire, to be Let, close to market; £l5O ingoing ; £3O extras ; good reasons for leaving. - Apply on the premises.

Ottidto, ZUStIWSSCS, err.

PERSONS wanting BUSINESSES of any description T-0 LET Or SELL write —HOPKINSON, WHEEL, gt Co., 37, Cross-street, Manchester.

MATS t MATS.—For GARDENERS and FURNITURE REMOVERS. —4. M 3oNEs,9, Blaekfriara-street.Man- Chester.

HURDLVS —Wood Hurdles Gates, eta —G. H. JONES, 9 Blackfriara-street (late Victoria Bridge).

TO SKIP and BASKIIT MAKRHS—On dale,Cane,Willows, Hazels, etc.—G. M. JoNEs„9, Blackfriars-street, Man- Chester.

NIT INAS and SPIRITS ; finest quadty.—Send for price LSI to G. M. JONES, 9. Blackfriars-street, Manchester.

V EAST t Y BAST I —"Eagle," • •ii alf "D.O,L.' "Kangaroo" Brands.—G, M. JONES, 9, Blackfriara treet. Manchester.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NBW YORK and PHILADELPHIA every WEDNER DAY. JOHN W Co.,ALLER ACo.,ltitlF,rW‘ " EXAMINER " OFFICE, _ WARRINGTON.

Alafts fro Mutton.

BOOTS.

BOOTS.

BASSINETTES

MAIL CARTS

DIRECT FROM THE MAKER,

HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTE CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE

HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WABRINGTOu.

1001 S.—The best and most stylish Gent's Boot ' will send to any address for 7s. 6d. Kid leg, Leather lined, welt stitched, machine sewn. sizes, 6 to 10. Also smart Ladies' Boot, 7s. 64. Sizes, 2to 71 If not approved, money returned. See testi- monials. WALKER INGHAM, Boot Manufacturer, Si,. Asylum-street, Leicester.

JAMES SHEPHERD. LICHNsEn HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON. Beet Prices give' for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cowt, &c., &c. Prompt ltemoval and Cash Payment. Distance no object. MEAT STORES I MEAT STORE‘i I GOOD BOILED MEAT always on hand. in large or small quantities. for Dogs, Cats, Poultry, &c., &c Coutracts made. _

„ All Letters sad Telegrams addressed to 11, UHRSHY-STRItitT, WARRINGTON. Private Address : BRIDGFEWATER-bTIMET, LYMM.

T 7 w ARR/NGTON SAT ia kjo., LII Di ORWIO AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, C AL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONII MIROHANTS.

AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LA. AGENTS FOR ACEERS, WHITLEY & CO., LA., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. READ OFFICE : Arploy Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. A4tdreni, Arpley, Warrington. f Warrington.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898. HIGHEST AwAIII>. GOLD M EDAL AND- DIPLOMA.

WHITLOW AND D ARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' . sTORES, DAIRY, WARRINGTON.

FRESH MILK TWICE DAILY,

KIM MILK FROM 11 a.m.

FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold la JARS of various sizes. FRESP. EGUS SUPPLIED DALY.

J. H. WARING & SONS' FIRST ANNUAL SALE OF HI4H-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND

FURNITURE, Affording Buyers a rare opportunity for seeuring Goods at LESS THAN )Of.

16-18, lIARDMAIN-STREET, Be:ow the PhiMarmonle-ball. LIVERPOOL.

All Goods purchased during Sale stored free.

XMAS 1898.

EUSTANCE AND CO., 43, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON,

BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEIR ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE

===== 0002601_18981216_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ADE'S

PILLS.

ILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately SILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have IILLS, been received from all sorts and KILLS.

conditions of men testifying to the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v ILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in

===== 0002601_18981216_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING WHICH THERE WILL BE

A BONA-FIDE DIWOUNT OF

2S. IN THE X

===== 0002601_18981216_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
OFF THE/IL 'ALREADY LOWERED MARKED PRICES

OUR STOCK IS NOW REPLETE WITH THE NEWEST AND CHOICEST DESIGNS IN GOLD & SILVER JEWELLERY SOLID SILVER PLATE &C., SUITABLE FOR THE SEASON'S GIFTS.

NO SUCH DISPLAY AS WE NOW HAVE HAS EVER BEEN SEEN IN WARRINGTON BEFORE AND WE CONFIDENTLY INVITE INSPECTION IRRESPEC- TIVE OF PURCHASE.

GENUINE BONA-FIDE

DISCOUNT OF 2.1 N THE DURING DECEMBER.

EUSTANDE AND CO.,

43, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

Established 1864.

T. CLARKE, ' EXA3IINER" OFFICB, 33, MARKET-STRBBT. BABLESTOWN. A GRAND ASSORTMENT OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS. Quite New Designs at the above address. Also a very CHOICE and WIML-SELDCTED STOCK a PICTURE BOOKS AND FANCY GOODS Suitable for Presints; Games, Ac. Ac. LARGE STOOK F BOOK oBY VARIOIJ6 AUTHORS

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN' CHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Scc.,

Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 on lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton bus within 100 ,oiles, £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment.

particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Inloor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall,

Blanchester, or to

Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrinaham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool.

TEETIL—A COMPLETE SET,2Is. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. W years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq.. M.P. says in his testimonial " They are a perfect fit, exceedingly comfertabie. and age credit to you. U. W GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSBY-STREET, WEDNI.iDAYS AND /TIDOS

TOW LE'S C H LORODYNE TOWLE'S C ' HLOR ODY NE IFICf3I.IO EIS' I , irroxixza, TOWLE'S kill LORODY N E BRONCHITIS, TOW LE'S C HLORODYNE CroBlll7ir SrAl3)lB. &C. , Tow LE'S C HLORODYNE 130. ver Botlle' I A. P. Towut MA=IIE:AEA.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18981216_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18981216_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
SECURE A COPY OF

COOPER AND 00's SPECIAL CHRISTMAS LIST

CAKES, SHORTBREAD, BISCUITS IN FANCY TINS,

CIIOCOL.kTES, &c.,

COS kQUES (CRACKERS),

DRIED FRUITS &c., TEAS IN DECORATED TINS, CIiRITMAS HAMPERS AND OTHER SEASONABSE NOVELTIES. Now ready. Free on application.

Central Warehouses— GLASGOW,ILIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, COOPER AND CO.'S CEIRISTMA.S HAMPERS Containing a splendid assortment of Seasonable GOODS specially suitable for gifts. PRICHS 55., 7s. 61, 103. 63 , 155., 213. & 303. each. CARRIAGE PAID TO ANY STATIW,T IN THE KINGDOM, Orders are now la3inz, tookel for delivery as required, FULL PARTICULARS IN CHRIS MIS LIST. _

Local Branch :

_ BEITTERM IRKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS 1898.

SINGLETON AND STEPIIENSON,

BRIDGL' SrREET,

WARRINGTON,

WISH TO DRAM ATTENTION to the E. ceptionally large numbr,r of CHOICE CATTLE Which they have purclosed at the Xmas Sales In Warrington.

THEY HAVE AGAIN SECURED MOST

OF THE

WINNERS,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
INCLUDING TBE

IST PRIZE BULLOCK, FED BY R. STONE, ESQ , Newton Park.

IST PRIZE HEIFER, FED BY J. WHITLOW, ESQ IST PRIZE 2 YEAR OLD HEIFER, FED BY J. SHAKESHAF r, ESQ., Lymm.

THREE BST BEASTS in the Norton Arms Yard, FED BY J. SHAKESELAFT, ESQ. IST PRIZE CALF, FED BY MRS. WARBURTON, DALLAM. AND OTHERS TOO NUMEROUS TO MENTION.

THE STOCK lIS ALL LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE FED.

ENCOURAGE ROME INDUSTRY.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGLETON AND STEPHENSON Take this opportunity of thanking their cus- tomers for their esteemed patronage and re- spectfully solicit a continuance of the same. TELEPHONE 118. TELEGRAMS, Cheviot.

Dm scorrs pus

Contain the finest drugs that can be procur

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure 9 Headaches and Nervous Depress on.

scoTT- TL LS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DE. SCOTTS PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DE. scoTT's PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DB.S coTT's p ILLS

be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. DO not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

===== 0002601_18981216_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

DECEMBER 16th, 1895

THE interpretations put upon Sir William liar- court's Resignation. the letters which have passed between Sir WILLIAM HAR- COURT and Mr. Joirix MonLzy are almost as puzz- ling as the letters themselves. But of the reality of the crisis there cannot be a doubt. Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT has been beset with factions ever since Mr. GLADSTONE'S retirement. In the natural order or things he was his legitimate successor. But what happened we all know. Lord ROSEBERY was " run " for the post of Liberal leader. There is no doubt that the word we have used correctly repre- sents the facts. There was a dinner, a certain newspaper editor was invited, and a campaign was begun which ended in the enthronement of Lord ROSEBERY as the Liberal leader. At the time some of us saw the seeds of mischief in such an arrange- ment, and they have been maturing ever since. Lord ROSEBERY wearied of his curious posi- tion, detached as he was from the active spirits of his party in the Commons. As soon as the defeat of 1895 was seen to be overwhelming, certain sec- tions of the Liberal party in the Commons did not take kindly to Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT's leadership. Some of his colleagues On the same bench voted against him. Of late there have been two sections by no means friendly to his leader- ship—the High Church Liberals and the Scotch Liberals. There have also been Liberals who Wanted a more active Opposition, more frequent challenges to the Government, and more light and leading upon the questions which were perplexing even themselves. Lord Roszimay's recent speeches have revived his popularity, and made some peo- ple say that he was the only possible leader of the Liberal party. Out of this discontent has arisen the mood which has compelled Sir WILLIAM lIAR- CCTRT to say that he is not "a candidate for any Contested position." That is, he does not propose tO allow himself to be " run" against Lord Ross-

EERY or anybody else. He is not disposed to con- tinue a leadership which is to be disputed, be- cause of conflicting sections and interests. That is, if he is to lead the Commons, he must be more cheerfully supported than he has been in the past. Mr. MORLEY agrees with him in his views, and praises him for his skill and patience as "the working leader of the Liberal party. The crisis is one of considerably gravity. It has been gradually coming on, and, as we un- derstand it, Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT is weary of it. If he is to lead in the Commons, and to lead in the country, there must be an end to "personal proscriptions" and divided counsels. Of course, if he be the exciting cause there will be no advan- tage in his continuing to trouble himself with the torments of an unhappy position. Wny should he do so? Mr. GLADSTONE had a similar cabal to face when he reached the critical part of the Home Rule question, and some of the younger Liberals left him to become Unionists. But he was still strong enough to,maintain his position, and the rank and file were loyal and disciplined. The situation is less satisfactory now. Discourage- ' ments and divisions are common, and new ideas I are making their influence felt in many quarters.

CONCLUSION OF AN IN PERESTING CASE. VEitDIC I FOR THE PLAINTIFF. On Tuesday last, his Honour Judge Weenie Fioulkes, resumed the hearing of the case, which ha I cause' so much interest in the distrier, in which it will be remem- bered that George Acton,farmer, Pool Farm, Heath-road Runcorn, brought an action for the recovery of £ll 93 61 from Rober: Shepherd, farmer, Park-side Farm, Aston, the amount of &envier e alleged to be due in rye- pent of damage done to the plaintiff ter ouerh a collision which took place between his trap and a milk fl oat be- longing to the defendant ; it being allege i teat the colli- sion was brought about through the negligent driving of the defendant's servant. Mr. Greer, barrister (instruc- ted by Mr. J. Burton, Runcern) appear ‘cl for the plain- . tiff and Mr. J :elan (instructed by Mr.E Brassey,Ctiestei) defended. John Stormont, market gardener, Sutton Weaver, was the first witness called for the de- fence, the prosecution hiving concluded on the last cceasion. He said he was in the gar- den of Sergeant Rieherdsen and could sae a vehicle going along the road. The di eance from the plac where he was standing to the road would be about 180 vares. There was a clear view as far as the hedge that bordered the road. He went into the garden aft ,r the accident had Ulm place. Mr. William Woodhouse was with him in the garden. 03 going to she scene of the accident, he saw a whe?lmerk on the booth. Gerrard was there and he entered into conversa emu with him. tie asked Ge rerd if he had b en driving. G --card re- plied " yes." He then asked him how the aecident hAppered when he had all the reed to himself.— Mr. Greer questioned wbeth-r the con- versations which took place, some time after the accident wet° admirsable.—His floneur : I think thee are,—Contineing witness seit that Gerrard stated " You see when the man in the float shouted I thought it was Lowe's milk c +rt, and that he wante I to go down the lane, se I thou 'let I would let him pars on that side and Gerrard pointed to the side of L owe's-lene. Then, witness sail, " it seems Vier') is no one to blunt, but yourselves." Gerrare replied "No it seems not." Ser- geant Richardson was measuring the roil wiee a tape, and he (witness) saw Gerrard assisting him by holdieg ' one end of the tape. Mr. Gerrard pointed out a wheel track that conilinuecl on the, footpath for about 16 cards, as the wheel track of the milk float. The sergeant, Me Ge•rard, Mr. Weedhoum end himself else ma le an ex- amination of the other side of the rood. Th-re was a mark a few feet off the grass on the other side.—Cross- examined : He Could net tell where cart male the whe mirk that was two feet off the grass. William Weedhouse, head gardener, Sutton, corrobe addine that the wheel track was about ten inlhes on the parapet, and could be traced for 18 yards. Ger- rard said " Look sergeant,his wheel mark on the grass." , —The Judge : Whose wheel mark —Witness : " Ger- rarde."—The Judge : Thee he wonld not say " his."— Witness : No, he said " my" wheel raark.--The Judge: Now mind what you are saying. John Flarkwell (teamster) further eorroberatel and gave evidence as to hearing the man in the float shout. On looking to see what the shouting was about he saw a trap coming from Aston.—By a Juror: The traps would be about twenty or thirty yar Is off one another when the man in the milk fleet shouted.—He was on top of the can and slipped down after the corn ion, and went to assist the old lady.—Cross-examined 111 was sere that it was not Mr. Shepherd's man that shouted. " Eh, up," was the expression used And he heard it twice. William Lowe, farmer, gave evidence of having a cen- vergation with Gerrard iri which Gerrard stated that he thought the milk-float belonged to Mr. Lowe.—Cross- exnmined: He would not gay that he had not spokm to anyone else. But he took notice of Mr. Gerrard's re• marks. Robert Shepherd, the defendant in the action, said that he had a conversation with Gerrard. The nurport of which was that Gerrard had explained the affair and shown him the place where the accident occurree. He , said to Gerrard "It seemed a queer affair to me, could you (Gerrard) explain how it wee that you did not null fri votsilown side of the road." Gerrard explained "That whorl your man called I thought he wanted to go to the other side of the road." Witness replied " You shnuld not think. It is by your net looking whe-e you are going that the accident his been caused." Gerrard said " there would not have been any damage , done, if your man had not hit the hors'." Shepher I sail "Sly gool man it will de you no good to tell un- truths ;my men had no whip. I never allow them to carry whips in the milk-fleets." Gerrard replied that it must have been a stick. He (witness) reeliel that his man knew better than to use either a stick or a whip. Then Gerrard repeated" That he hit him with somethieg but I was so confused that I could not tell whether it was a stick or a whip." Witness then pointed out to Gerrard that it was contrary to Common melee to Suppose that his man would pull to one side and shout to him to avoid a cell- siren, and then to bit the horse with a whip. Gerrard at the close of the conversation expressed a hope that the mother would not take any harm, and to show that his sympathy was sincere he (witness) promised to bear tart of the expense of repairing the shaft.—ll errs.- examination Shenherd stated that Percival came to him with a Character from the army. He did not know that he was a bad chareeter,er he would not have had him in his etroployrnrnt. With regard to the statement made by Mr. Gerrard that he had mentioned in conversation to him that there was an old man driving, that he would say was nothing but a Creation of the imagination. There had been no drink supplied to any of the people employed on the farm, and he was certain that the driver Peraival had not bad any drink or been off the farm that morning, until he went to town with the milk. Percival (the driver of the float) was called and ex- amined as to hi; charaeter and admitted that he had been convicted on two occasions for being drunk. CoUnsel having addressed the jury at considerable 1 leneth. His Honour in Summing up said that the action cams after a long time, and it was rather lamentable to think of the amount of money that was being spent in the teeing ef it as compared with the amount of the claim. Of course, there was a lot of conflicting evidenee, and it remained for them (tee jary) to deeide which side hail been nommitting perjury. It wag a question for them ro decide whether the defendant had been guilty of negligence or net. Having reviewed the whole of the evidence his Honour charged the jury to bring in their verdict. After a brief retirement the jury returned into court, and the foreman Mr. M. L. Davies stated that they were agreed upon their verdict which was for the plain- tiff. His Honour accordingly entere jnelement for the plaintiff for the full amount of the The Court rose at about quarter to five, after sitting the whole of the day with a single adjournment of half- an-honr. H s Honour having hiehly complimented tee jury, up, n their petience and diligence, discharged them.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIBERAL leader must be in ; Tlf, Liberal tho House of Commons. There is Leader. no escaping from this position. The battle will be in the popular House, and every point in the game must be watched there with a steadfast eye. The House of Lords only meets for a short time every working day, and the political situation is not to be studied there. A peer can- not always be in attendance to receive reports of what is going on in the Commons, and to counsel as to the tactics to be adapted. It would be an intolerable position for any man to have to con- duct operations in this fashion. Nor can a peer ever command that popular confidence which is essential to the unity and the enthusiasm of th Liberal party. The plan has been tried, and it ha not answered. It would be a great mistake to try it again. There are, however, some persons who want to repeat the blunder, and who think that a few brilliant speeches have so far changed tne situation as to make a second experiment likely to be more hopeful than the first. We hope they will hesitate before they finally commit them- selve, to this course. The peer will always feel a if he were outside the party he is professedly lead- ihg. This was the chief characteristic of Lord ROSEBERY. He advised others, he sketched a policy for them, but identification, heart and soul, with the policy lie advocated always seemed to be lacking. He left the Liberals to follow his advice, and went back to his other pursuits. It might be different another time, but we doubt it. A real leader must make of his politics something better than an episode in his life. What we want is a commoner, entirely devoted to the cause he takes up. We shall suggest no names. It is only with the utmost reluctance that we have used any name. But as to the principle involved we have not the faintest shadow of a doubt. Be he young or old, the new Liberal leader, and the true leader must be a member of the House of Commons, in constant tcuch with his party there, and ready to take his part where the fighting is to be done. To sit in the Lords, with a party of about thirty Liberals left, is enough to dispirit any man. To be in the Commons, where there is always some- thing stirring, and a member of the body which makes and unmakes Ministries, is to be at the centre of political activity. When a situation is so perplexing as the Liberal situation is just now, it is as well to grasp one clear, saving principle. There is no" personal proscription" in it. If Mr. GLADSTONE had ever accepted a peerage in middle life his later career would have been different. Lord SALISBURY may seem a contradiction, but he has to be content with forming one of a triumvi- rate which leads the Unionist party, and the Liberal cry is for one leader and not a triumvirate. Besides, there is a permanent Conservative majority in the Lords.

Mr. Ascroft has been humorous about the amount of devotion which is necessary from a member of Parliament. He complains, among other things, that a member is expected at the same time to be in the House of Commons and never away from his constituency. He is required to support all the movements in his district, to answer correspondence on every conceivable sub- ject, to be able to introduce deputations to Minis- ters, and, above all things, to have a large purse ; or else, Mr. Ascroft might have added, to make it known that he has a very small one for the Labour members get along very well. But, after all, this is an extreme view of the case. Only a small pro- pertion of the members returned to the House can speak with any ability, and it is well for the pro- gress of business that so few can. It is quite possible to explain this seeming deficiency by gett- ing appointed on some private committee, which may be supposed by the public to exhaust your time. It is also possible to give oneself an indi- viduality by asking a number of questions ; the public, curiously enough, does not take this for a display of ignorance, but of learning. It is also possible, if one is a county landlord, to distribute game more effectively than words of rhetoric. Then with a good election agent, personal grasp of poli- tics becomes a subsidiary matter.

The members of the Warrington Board of Guar- dians—or at least the majority of them—are par- ticularly anxious that their names should be handed down to posterity. That is the impression created by their decision to erect tablets bearing their illustrious names in the entrance hall of the new hospital. One would have thought that the inscriptions on the two foundation stones which have been graven in letters which will not be effaced for generations to come,would havebeen sufficient. Belt the Board has thought otherwise, and all who enter the portals of the new infirmary will be re- minded of the great and wise men who composed the Board of Guardians in the year of our Lord 1898, and who spent £30,000 of the ratepayers' money in erecting that institution. One member did piotest against this kind of immsrtality but the protest fell upon deaf ears and was of no avail. The order has gone forth for the tablets!

There are some people who, their sympathies in a cause once enlisted, will do more on the im- pulse of a moment than they would for almost any other consideration. Proof of this :theory has been furnished lately. Last Wednesday week, Mr. Brighouse voluntarily appeared at Warrington County Petty Sessions to defend a man charged with neglecting his children, and whose wife is at present undergoing a sentence of three months imprisonment on the same charge. As a Coroner Mr. Brighouse is respected—in the widest sense of thc word—and as an advocate he has repeatedly played himself most able. The defendant was a Burtonwood man, and at the time the Inspector visited the house he saw the dead body of a chi Id. Mr. Brighouse explained that the reason of his appearance in the case was because, from the press reports of the case, the public might think he had neglected his duty as a Coroner in not holding an inquest on the child. His shrewd and clever cross-examination of the witnesses made the fact more apparent that an inquest had not been necessary and ultimately secured the dismissal of the defendant. We may say Dr. Valentine. also volun- tarily attended, and was prepared to give evidence if required.

EXPIRATION OF TENANCY. RELINQUISHING THE BUSINESS.

CLEARANCE SALE. tir( S. GREEN. BOOKSKI rATIONER, Ern., 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. In terrninatiniz his tenancv is also relinquishing the above- mentioned BUSINESS, and has decided ta off I' the wlnle of his

STOCK AT COST PRICES. BOOKS at COST PRICE ALBUNIS at COS r PRICE PURSES at COST PRICE POCKET BOOKS at COST PRICE PHOTO FRAMES at COST PRICE BIBLES at COST PRICE PRATE it AND fiV‘IN BOOKS at oosr pitiou BIRTHDAY BOOKS at COST PRICE . TOY BOOKS at COST PRIOR PICTURE BOOK at COST PRICE INK at COST }RICH STATIO NE rcy 4t COST PRICE EVERYTHING AT Cos]: PRICE JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSELLER. STATIONER, &C. 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

The Royal Laundresses ay Oritethiey s " STARCH GLOSS le unequalled for imparting a beautifni finish to starched &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall, says :—My wife will not finish our linen without your ,• Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.--, Bradford :—Dear sir,— am, pleased to inform you that I have tried many' so-called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be need in every house. Sold a Id., 3d., and ed., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will prozare it. T. CIIITCHLZY Blackburn, Proprietor,—.Adv

HN L ,L S'

===== 0002601_18981216_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1 '7/.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
TH I lAA MINER FRI DA lir,

It cannot be said that the members of the War- rington Board of Guardians have emerged credit- ably from their strictures upon the Ladies Com- mittee. In the first place the statemcnt that there has been friction between the raembers of the Ladies' Committee and the oiThials of the Union seems to have been a myth; whilst the refusal to sanction the appointment of the three ladies sub- mitted for their approval to be added to the Ladies Committee can only be characterised as puerile. It will have the result of retarding the useful work the ladies have taken in hand, which, instead of being opposed should at all times receive the cordial support of the Guardians. Since the for- mation of the Ladies Committee the attitude of eertain Guardians towards the committee's work has been anything but sympathetic,and the sooner a kindlier disposition is shown the better it will be for the proper administration of the Poor LAW'S.

TRAPS IN COLLISION.

pußLic HALL, RUNC

LAST 3 DAYS. LAST 3 DAY; JOSHUA DYSON'S DIORA.HAS AND GIPSY CEIO

20 TA.LENTED ARTISTES NIGHTLY ONE HUNDRED PICTURES NIGHTV ANIMATED PHOTOGRAPHS N FRIDAY. DECEMBER' 16h,' Picturesque WI d tTUKDAY ekF VEFINOON, at 3 " Sunny 11 SATURDAY NIGHT, AT 8, " Old. Ireland," Ir Programme °bulged every night. D,,ore open at 7-30 To Coinindnce itt 8. Ponular Prices-2e , Is., 6d. and 31. Children half-price to all seats except 3d. ON SUNDAY NEXT DECEMBER lith TWO FAREWELL SACRED CONCERTS Ilk THE GIPSY CHOIR Afternoon 3-15. Night 84.

I.ITLY l

ih Music.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDSES.

THE PICKWICK CLUB. The week.), meeting was taten up in a Cursory" including varying topic's. and an annuiing Ind instruc- tive Tueiday evening was spent to advontay by the memhers. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A DAUGHTER AN VIDNES. Thomas Wnitley Sweeten-4a (57), lalourer, was acquitted at the Liverpoot Arsize on bin 04y of having assauted his daugnter, Eliza Sweetinan,l3ieara of age, at Widnes, on the 6.. h November. Mr. AfI.HI WORICUted SUDDEN DEATH AT RUNCORN. Eliza Co*, ag.1.1 59 years, of S irrey-str +t, was found dead in bet on Tnursday in It *Pears that she had complained of pains in tha stontach kr corn' time past and had recently bleu actended by Dr. NiacL nian for influenz 0 a Wednesday nizh: she Was apparently in good hes.tth. and ate a h arty supper boilre she retired to rest. At seven o'clock next mortoilg when her Idau ;liter E lith awoki she f Alai her in t..r lying dead by her side. "THE CHOIR Bor's CHURCH AT WtsTON•" On Tueudiy, Dr. Bilge, MA organiS', and muster of the chorist -trs, at Cnester Cache iral, goti an organ re- cital at the formal openinz of the nlcv organ at thm Church of St. John the Evangelist, VVetiol. There was: a good congregatim. The inecriploa oft the tablet of the organ is as f011)Wi :—" o,mu giqn Dv Thomas Spencer, Esq., of Ryton, in the countg If Durham, in mem iry of the work of I h Weston Ch dr toys in help- ing to build the church." The reed: il tva given in D; Bridge's usual brillrait style, andsnowed tins qu tlities of the organ to their fulle-t scope. ' WOUNDING AT WIDNES.

Elizabeth Bushell, 40, charworn in, pleaded guilty at 1 Liverpeol Autumn Aseiz.e to having ualasrfu'ly woun- ded Jahn Grady on the Idh 0-tsber.---Tse proiscation' was conducted b 5, Mr. Fo,mhy, who su'tht th- ns,ra Grady loderd in the house of the prisongr in Pool-street, Widnes. They (laurelled on the date is spis:tion, and the prisoner, picking up a teapst, in:florists j. over the ha of Grady, iniliminz a nasty wooed! rho prisoner; woo was defends Ib7 M. Wa9 sent to gaol for twelve months wi-h had !a Iliac. Th. j'alo remark '1 that she bed a bed record. DYSON'S DIORAMA AT THE PUBLIC jut.

Dysonanicr .m and G,p C—u-oi; Te-re alipTiring in the Runcorn Public Hall, and setr.ming goat houses each evening, on accoult of tho excellence and q iility of the inetnbers submi3ed by a troop of Featly clever young artistes. This is not the lirit tjrn tbit Mr. PuMus Dyson's Gipsy* Choir hal hem before the gincom Public, yet, its novelty and origina'hy is so unirfal that no'hing from end to end of t iep +deem 'race ap2"4le old. As for panorama.; and such Ilk • thay are plentiful enough, but Hal exhibit of Mr. Dyson wants a lot of beating. But so and see tor yourself, he does not leaveweil after Suuday evening, when a sacred concert will be g'',en. - SIIDDRN MUTH RUNCOMI, .

A woman named Sarah Peacook, vahlinr, at Ash- ridge-stree:. ftuncarn, died very sud knly on Friday evening. It apoe ars that the dceaiid and het husband had tea tozether, and subs ,quently decolikei went into the yard. As sho did not return her huina.nd vrent out and found her Icing in the entry in as u+c risoious eon- dition. He carried her into the haus', and she expired almo4 immodiately. It seems that the de iaased had suffer2d from heart disalse,and had b injl.l to fits. The facts have been reprted to thi corotw, 1116: under all the circunastanws he dies not deem an inqu!st neces- sary.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBER 16, 1898

Muslcar. Success. We ara plaasad to learn thatat the receat examination of thra London College of Music, held at the Liverpool •ntr9, Rithbone, Arthar-treet, Runcorn, Bucces3 fully passed tho e'e nentary stage for violin playing. Mi3a Batt 'bone is to b ) highly commended, had reflects groat credit by hr achievemmt upon the training of Mr. C. S. Tonics, her musical teacher. RUNCORN TONTINE CLUE., . . .

The annual meeting of the members Of the above Ton- tine was held at the house of Mr. A. Ellison on Saturday last for the election of 05cials t serve during the can. in year. After a few remarks from the Pr ancient, Mr. Thompson, on the cntinuel pr33perity of the society toe members got to badness in electing ICasrs. William Most nu, president, Fleury Le-Couteur,John Thompson, James Hulse, James Peacock, Gawp Parr, committee; Henry Treadwell was re-sic:tad secretary and J. Withington and John Scott were re-elected stewards. The aulitors (Messrs. Moston and Le-Couteur) prolucel a balance sheet showing that the income dur- ing the year as contrib alma &c. am amtel to £66 83 01 a 'd exoenditure in sick pay &; £l4 Os 61 leaving a sum of £52 73 61 to b 3 divid il amo ig 45 members, which will be £l3s 31 each ani is 31 carried forward. The distribution of dividend talc, s place on Tuesday nest at 7 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

LBY A CORRESPONDENT] FOOTBALL.

The victory of Runcorn over Swinton was not half a one.. True, Rune )rn did not get a try —and of late tries have been strangers to the Runcorn three-quarters—yet the victory was well deserved and Runcorn were clearly that many points super- ior to tAair adversaries, and should be accorded warm praise.

Per some time the turning point has been looked forwar I to. Every recurring S iturlay those ar- dent ones to whom the club is user and dear have exoec•.ed to see that form which gladdened their hearts on Saturday last. There was an exhi- bition of the truism that" Runcorn breeds foot- ballers;" and although there are' Runcorn players of fame and renown wh3 stand aloof, and others who have souzht fields and pastures new., it is pleasiag to note and thank that there still rem iins amongst us that metal which ma le the Runcorn team of old. once the dread of the Rugby Union. Why should she not. bacome once again, feared and respected lathe Northern zone?

It is rumoured that Butterworth is preparing to once more enter the football arena—and win a green jersey too. Pais news will be welcomed by twiny, and would give the club the desired " fillip."

!Considerable interest is still manifested in the Sc hool BD xrd ele.;tion, and somebody will come in , fora regular dreg thig down before it is allowed al- together to subside. In a letter to the local Press, Sir John T. Brunner. Bart., states a few things Which call for attention from a higher quarter. I refer to the alleged boycotting of school chil iren ; that is what I call it for want of a better name. It is in the interests of both sides that such a‘mitter ioould be sifted to the bottom, and if any school- 'stress has been guilty of sulh an indiscretion as the one 'alleged it is a serious matter; and on the ether hand, if the statements are purely fiction— heo the sooner the better toe authors of stnh aluraniee are exposed. It is adtisable—and obyi- ubly so to all-o.at the air should be cleared.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
At a sp ocial mooting of the Runcorn District exile oil on Thuraday, it wee ulanire ously decided 0 raninerialiee the Board of Trade for a Provisional )rder under the Electric Lighting Acts of 1882 and 888 It is certainly a wise step, but if this very important matter of electric lighting is to be passel limPlet with a view to safeeaard the town from having the electric light, or that the 'Urban District Donned may have the power of suppfeing it; which MY mind-in the present state of affairs—is what TH ALLEGED MENACES AT WIEONES. t amunts o to, then it is to be deplored. But if, E At the Liverpool Assizes, on Pi-cloy, blot° Mr. Junie, II d I shall not go so far as to say it is withoat the , Phillitnora, Peter Holgkinsoe, 34, farers, surrendered °duels of probability ; if, the intention is but the to his bail to answer to a charge of haolng, at Widnes forerunning step in a projeeted scheme for the ulti- feloniously demanded from Teornao Cookson certain'mate successful and complete installation of this money and a gun. The prosecution was conducted by naost necessary adjunct of civilisatioa—electricity Mr. Tobin, and the defence by Mr. Shes Q.C. and Mr '—in our midst, then it will ha heartily welcomed. M'Keand. After a protracted arum to of over two hours, hie Lordshin expressoi the °Pinion thst thore was no indictable offence, and cliecharged tile prisoner. A SAILOR FO [DID DROWNED. SALE OF WIDNES PROPERTY, ----. On Monday evening. at tee Central Hetet, Widnes, A PATHETIC CASE. Dlr. B. Dutton /offered for sale by publie auenon nine At the RenCITD PAIOS CAW% M-. J. E. Worslev, on leasehold dwelling houses, numbered 3to 174 oohs. Tnesday held an inquest upon the b oly of John Reilly, o street. Mersey-road. The gross rental ef the property:l2o, sailor, wh was found drowned is what is known as is £l.OO 19s 41., subject to a yearly Vold rent of .og the Iron Ora basin, at Bottom Links, R oncorn, oe 104 41. ' There was a fair attend once, and aniritnd bidd.fgend ay in maing, by a dock-tab ever, cam id Th sates ing ensued. The lot was started at 4300, and wal. Oliver. speedily run sop t 1 £450, when it was &three an 099 ' John Reilly, 51, Domitt-street, Liverpool, said he pa's). The ProPqrtV was fleetly kali:lt'd down to MIS klentifiei the body as toot of his son John, a fed 20, a Barnes, of Runcorn, for £5OO. Mr Joseph Barton wa sailer by occupation. lie last saw him either on the the Solicitor. to the vendors. Previous Saturday or S inlay week. PERJURY AT WIDNES. i Thomos Oliver, Mines, said he found the imisr ef the 01 iii fe onday at y irpeol Ain is, C 'Woo Finn (18) deonased in the Iron Ore baoin of the Bridgewater C teal chsr woman. ens charged with havine 05 the Ist So _On M -inlay morning. Be broeght the body to the si le. tamher, wilfully committed perjury in her eviience a Ades body was not interfere 1 with in any way gave for the petty sessione, Widnes. Mr, Maideo eoleared fo the purpose of landing it. Be gave inform atioi of the the prosecution, and Mr. T. Swift defeadel. Toe,,allege dine ovary to the polies, and the body was taken to the perjatry was with respeat to a date snore to by th Mortuary. prisoraer.—Mr. Swift contenOed that what prisons „ Police Constable Caarles Nichols, stated that from in- swore before the justices sho believed to be true. finorrnation received he went to the Bottom Locks, and there Was an error in the date, then eke had sinipl i KcAlacl the body as described by the previous witness and made a mist oke.—When prisoner went into the witnesirene load it to the mortuary. As the result of his ex- box, however, site stated that 'hi bad mesa no mistake:nlination of the d messed he found a key in one of the What she said, she added, was true.--abe jury fo oil lieoakets, which had been the mean; of identifying the prisoner guilty—fits Lordship 'flume's] chit he agr Jord.,uody. It aopeared that one of toe crew of a vessel that with the verdict. Men must be proteesed against auroh'aY at the Runcorn Wit oil, suddenly disappeared and it &aims. What the prisoner had doge as a shockopwas found necees ley to break open his berth. The sale- thing, and she had probably done it for the purpose oi°ltor sailor was described as John Reilly, of Liverpool, protecting semis ether man. She mist be punished as sand the lock was takes off the door of the berth aril warning to others, and would have CO go to jail for eglven to Mr. Shaw (the missionary) as a means of identi- twelve menthe with her I labeur. :elite-ea. Tian officer stated there was no suapieioe of RUNCORN COtThrry Court mai play, and handed in the following letter. Written On Tuesday, his Honor Jo lee Wysee pfeudees prA),?3? the deceased to his friends the day he is supposed to sided at the Runcorn County Court. The list complies luaye disappeared : 48 ordinary surnmonsee, 3 judgment suora-mses, 7 de. "John Reilly fault summonses, earl 4 adjourned aolons. The case Schooner' Libertia,' , of Acton v. Shepherd adjourned from Mel last court was I Runcorn 21st. also resumed (reported is another column).—An antion ID sr Friends,—l write the few lieee to set you ka eer was heard in which John Davies, Five Crosses, Frod. 'w I got on. I arrived aboard at 20 to 8 and there Was sham, surd John Davies, of the sante Disco for thsere. one up sot went down the forecastle and changed covery of £llss. 2d. for goods sold ald delivered. —Mr. Feetf and lit the fire and go: the breakfast ready and H. N. Linaker appeared for the pleletiff—lt appeared lled them. The rap'ain never said nothing only if I that the debt was incurred by the defendant during the d told him I could have gone on Saturday morning, time the plaintiffs kept the shop. After the death of ad Idi i right by staying nome on Soeidar• We have his mother plaintiff tried to recover the nooneY at a pre. )rne in to our berth this afternoon and will start to pions Court but freml he Co,llcl not as he had not taken neharge in the moroing. Ask Dm to coil at S'aitifri out letters of administration. Sinus thel the necessary tcl It them knew, and viva my respects to Mr. D yle, probate had been taken out. —Elia armour, after hearing „nll,Padly„ Jon, Annie, Katie, and J. Thornton. I will evidence, gave judgment for Plaintiff for th,, fug fite aZairi and let you know, all on Wednesday night. I amount.—An order was made fir 3s. a ridonth.-1 oirlot going to leave—Yuan truly, J. Rielly." second summons fir the recovery of 3s. 3e) on the "ere was she the following postscript :—" Tell Jim ,plaintiff's own behalf was stork out, tee Judge remrk., give my low, to aettv awl tell lani I will write on ing that one commas should have sufficel. V;11"i1so. If I ere drove it will only be for a few SHOCIIEING RAILWAY AcciDENT AT wuls/Rs. lo'n!ne Satirday."—Witness coatinuine said he be- At Widnes Police S-atioe, on Mead ov, an Ingle it was 11r1 that the notice of his beings miaffied was given by held by Mr. S. Brighouse, corm Ty coroner, oe the body tbicaritein of the vessel on the 24th November. 1., of William O'Connor, who was killed on the ~,i„ an l ri , 9 Coroner, summiag up, said it Was only reasonable North-Western Railway on Friday-.E ward Dunn, 14. tolPeose that the deceased went to Runcorn to post Barnes-street, said that at 8 Pim. on FriclaY, he heard of hitter. and on the way hack got lost and fell into the a man having been killed on the rally/sv.tie went to baC and was dr: wno I. lii no iSi Scrod that the jisry see the body, and identified it es Wil,,uatn O'Connor, co hrinz in no othor vex. lint thee that of" Found watchman. Witness was ernPleyed at 0181trie works drriar'di" as doceasocl, end at 520 p.m. on Friday they went into 'le jury concurred. Waterloo-road together to porch Ise somd thitiv. After eil Coroner expressel warm thank; to Mr. S'itcir For racking their purchases they ha I a pint (4, beer each. the!reat aid be had given tow aria identifying, the Witness then left deceased, who waefl'Hte sobor.—ln dee?".

0, rl:4 ,er t,

reply to a question from the Coroner, • Evans sai I that the shortest way to get back to tus works wAe a'ong the lines. It was not ten yards further to co ale" the canal tank.—Foreman shunter Derribor stated that he was conducting shunting operation, Friday t night. He walked along the railway, and blind a man with his head and hands cut off. Thies' Qt.° mfnuc,a prior, waggons had been Standing sruhele he found deceas.d. From the positim of the u°l3, witness thonght that deceased might have triad t? awl under the waggons.—Phe jury roturned a veril3e of mei dentol death." BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROvEMENT Qt„kee, There was an average attendance at the v?i,kly in of the above class, at the Brunswick S:115olrooln. on Wednesday evening. Mr. T Simister preglrlm. t,,fr. J. ou Dglas gave a paper on the Oxford tnervenlhlt. the course of his exceedingly well writtqn es,ac, Mr. Donato dealt with the Mansfield movement which was originated by a number of students who We actuated by a desire to leave the world better than ti*v f,tit.id it, and recalled their first propogation of tt/ti'r belief. at Canning town. Then dealing with till Tractarian movement, he spoke in eulogising ternyllf Nsegur, Pusey, and other eminent personages Who 1.,0k part in sont,ntiee that celebrated movement. It was his that Newman was drawn into tbe .. of the Church of ROMP by the attitude cp by the clergy of the Church of England. 141 wesleVan movement though not probably originatt„nl at Oxflrd might be traced to the Oxford movement ocause the men who took part in that evangelical lOilment were men who lived in Oxford at one time er „T‘ther. , Con- tinuing the speaker drew a striking e'r„.'lst torlwen the two primary movements—one ir1"4,0 ictensely ritualistic, whilst the other was nurel9 el the after discussion Messrs. J. D. Peet. and W. Millington took animated parte"— le gathering felistircln dispersed after the usaal votes of thank,. To Idorazas.—llars. Wilmslow's Boothia% SI, ~,obe so Cot over fifty years by millions of mother VPtia"eir chit dreu while teething with perfect success. Lkrellefe the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving th b e d 'freopain . and the little cherub awake." bright Do," Of at *MUM Is. ltd. per bottle.—Airt.

blEq,

t a

===== 0002601_18981216_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
-CORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

SPECIAL. MEETING.

A 'eclat meeting of the Runcorn • Urban District coil was held on Thursday morning at the Town Rauconvened for the purpose of affixing the seal of the Coul to a. Memorial to the Board of Trade applying for aFrovisional Order under the Electric Lighting Acts 188210 q 1888 ; to draw on the Treasurer for the sum of £5O :Wable to the assistant secretary to the Board of Tract ; and also to pass a resolutioa to forward the Bills Of cet connected with the dispute as to Folly Brook 8e wf and the District Boundary, for taxation Mr. 8,,,rdel Taylor presided, and there were alqo ores 'n : Wgri. M. J. Sweetman, D. Bisbrown, W. J. Grice, J. nortfie'd, William Handley, J. Wilson, with Mr. F. Dko (law clerk) and Mr. E Marshall (secretary). Ml• W. Handley as Chairman of the General Purposes Comsfittee proposed that the seal of the C61.113C1i he atfied to the memorial to the Board of Trade applying foe a Provis'enal order under the Electric Lighting Acts, 188250 d 1888. and further to draw on the treasurer for the gun of £5O which he explained was simrly a statu- tory requirement. Mr.Handley remarked that whatever their views might be upon the electric lighting question, all asthorities were now being impelled by outside in- fluesaeS to t tke action in this matter. It was a general opision that the electric lighting should be in the hands of public bodies, and he considered that they in Runcorn would be unwise if they neglected to safe- gesrd themselves. Mr. Bisbrown secondel, remarking that practically the Council had been forced into their present position. The motion was unanimously carried. fre Mr. W. Handley proposed that the bills of cost with resPect to the Folly Brook Sewer dispute, etc., be for- warded for taxation. It was simply a resolution to en- able them to bring the matter to a close. Mr. J. Wilma seconded, and the motion was unani- mously carried.

_ KEEP Tetra Pam dry by wearing The " SCALES " 400T5.133. Irl4ge4treat, Warrinzton.—Advt.

PRIDE or ELRLESTOWN TON3INE SOCIETY. The 18th annual general met tin of the members of the abava Society was held on Saturday evening at the Viaduct Hotel, Earlestown. Mr. A. Great- balder presided. The Secretary, Mr. C. Audlev, in submitting his accounts for the past year, said he was very ple ised t 3 inform them that the socisty was in a fat better financial condition than it was at the end of the previous year, being able to pay each member a little of his investment lank again! The total receipts for the year amounted to £l2 23. 81, arid the expenditure 446 6a 31, leaving a balance of .£25 16s sd, which, after adding a small amaunt to the reserve fun], each member would receive back in dividend 1246 d, and he was pleased to tell them that their reserve fund now stood at .£52 2s 31, which was not drawn upon except in case of extreme necessity. In conclusion be was sure they would all agree with him that they were all very sorest for tha lois of their respected mem- ber Mr. W. 11. Mullins, through death. The elec- tion of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows —Chairmatt,Mr. A. Greatholder, Vice-chair- man, Mr. E. Newman, Treasurer, Mr. J. Sharpe, and Secretary Mr. C. Audley.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

P.S.A.

The weekly gathering on Sunday af.arnoon was of a successful characiier. Mr. Joseph Smith presi- ded, and an ad tress WAS given by Mr. W. H. Dale. Recitations were given by Miss Warden, and Miss M. bolt, submitted vocal selections. SOCIAL EYB _ -

The Earlestown Friss Band held" another of their social evenings on Saturday night, in the Mission ll,tll. There was a large company present, and the affair was most successful. Dancing was indulged in with much spirit until after 10 o'clock. P.S. B. •

The usual- weekly meeting of the above society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Saturday evening, Mrs Andrews being in the chair. Recita- tions were rendered by Mr. A. Morriss and Mr. J Astall and Misses M. and P. Ord. Dae's by Miss Astall and Mr. Brown, Maser A. Dring and T Macklin. Selections on the dalcime by Mr. Dobbi atd on the ant )-harp by A. Dring. POLICE CASES.

On Moadav morning before Mr. Emmett, at the Earlestown Police Court, John Costello, was charged with being drunk in Market-street, Earlestown, on Saturday. He was fined 2s 61 and costs—At the Police Station, Earlestown, before Mr. 13orron, John Flaherty was charged with being drunk, and was final 5s and costs, on the information of P.C. For. In default he was sent to gaol for 14 days.—Thomas Collins for begging at Newton, was in default of paying a fine of 2s 61 and costs, sent to gaol for 7 days.—P.C. Gatherc)le proved the case.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
E ARLESTOWN OL3 FOLKS' IREAT.

• A meeting of the Cycle Parade Committee, who are also the committee for the old folks' treat, was held at the Wellington Hotel on Monday night. Mr. Cherlton presided and there was a good attend- ance. The statement of ac.:ounts was presented, and it was found that after paying all expenses there was a balance lett of .£6 3i 51. Tnis was con- sidered very satisfacOry, and it was decided to make a grant •.)f .£4 to the Harlestown Prize Band for services rendered in connection with the cycle parade. It was also decided to hold the annual dinner in connection with the Cycle Club, on Jan. 31st.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TYPOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.

At the Blue Bell lintel, Nevvtun,on Saturday, the annual dinner in connection with the Newton-le- Willows branch of the Typographical Society was held, about 70 persons patting in an attendance. After the meal Mr B Lowe presided and was sup- ported by Mr. W. Tasker (Branch secretary) and others. The loyal toasts having been proposed and duly honoured, Mr. Lidderad proposed "The Typo- graphical association" and mentioned that in the call for reforms it practically led the way. The toast was responded to by Mr. Rose (secretary of the Wigan Branch) in the absence of the representa- tive from the Executive Council. Mr. Frampton gave the toast of the Newton branch and referred to its rapid growth. Mr. German re•ponded. The toast of "The visitors" was proposed by Sir. F. Eon and responded to by Mr. E. Grace. The rest of the evening was spent in a convivial manner. FATALITY AT HAYDOCK.

Mr. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest at the Wagon and florss Hotel, Haydock, on Monday, on , the body of Robert Wilon, collier, who lived at I 335 Crow-lane, Eirlestown, and who was killed at the Wood Pit, Haydock, belonging to Messrs. R. Evans and Co, on Friday morning.—Matthaw Moran, of 306, Or )w-lane, Earlestown, said that the accident happened at about 2 o'clock on Friday morning in the drawing road. Witness and de- ceased worked together and witness was out get- ting some prop an I when he returned a fall had occurred and deceased was under it, The fireman had been through at about half past eight. When the fireman visited the place, there was a little dirt dawn,and he instructed witness to set a prop,which he did. Witness had wclh.ked in that part of the mine since Monday ni;ht.—John Shaw, fireman, , said he had inspected the place at nine o'clock on Thursday night. He then found that a small fall had bccurre 1 at the spot where deceased was after- wards killed. Witness told the man who was work- ing there to clear the dirt away and 4, put a prop up and to make the roof hacu7e.—A verdict of" Ac- cidental death "was returned.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

CANON WILLINIC.

The appointment of the Rev. J. W. Willink, M.A., vicar of St. Fleleni, to the canonry of Liverpool Cathe- dral, rendered vacant by the death of the late Canon St. George, vicar of BAhuge, was formally declared n Saturday evening. At the meeting of the Men's Bible Class. held in the Parish Church, on Sunday afternoon, Mr. Willink sail that he would make a pers9.ial anneuncement, which, tattier ordinary circumstances, he would wt have done. lie thought they would be glad t ) know that their bishop had been pleased to ask him to take the vacant canonry of Liverpool Cnthedral. Now that ho lour had been conferred upon him, he wanted the prayers and sympathy of all his parishioners, and eapecially of his brother.; in the Bible Class, that be mizht be abl to carry on the work of that important parish with success.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOONL OdUROIIES.

WYCLIFFE P. 3 A. SOCIE CY.

A well-attended meeting of this society was held in Wycliffe Church on Sulday afternoon. Mr. George Bailey, of Warrington occupied th 3 chair, and spoke upoi the imp ortance of fiOir-..2C ammation amongst the members as to whether the 7 bad striven in their daily line 3 t ) carry out toe taings which had been put forth from Sabbath to Sabbath at those mestings. tie pro- Ceeded to refer to the great influence for good which the members of that society might exert amongst their fellows,—The address fr the afternoon was delivered by Mr. Silcock, and in a mo it ab!ao and intore.sting manner ho showed bow character and principle were indicated by words written or expressed, and in speaking of the battle of lif3 he pointed out thst it was only in Jssus Christ they could find that r.st they needel. Foe soloist was Mr. Collins, and he sang twice, his rendering of " If with all your hearts " being particularly effective. The service was also taken part Ira by the Rev. John Yonge, Mr. John Atkinssn, and Mr. Kent.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATCHFORD ROBBERIES.-SENTENCE ON

BA.RBEIL Torn Barber (26), labourer, was indicted at Liver- pool Assizes on Wednesday, for having, at Warring- ton, between the 16:h and 17th November, broken into, and entered the booking office of the Latch- ford Station of the Lmdon and North-Western Railway C•Jrnpiny, and stolen a suit 61 clothes and a ja,..ket • al,o with having stolen a bay mare at Tnelwalf, and two geese at Granenhall. Prisoner pleaded guilty, it was stated that Barber who lived in the outskirts of Warrington, was quite a pest in the neighbourhood. He did very little work, but practically lived on the proceeds of small rob- beries. At the time of his arrest he was wearing clothes stolen from a canal boat.—The Judge com- mitted him to gaol for twelve months.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
VIIIIIOLB LAMPAL—To comply with the new Borough Bye-Laws. Lowest prices.—J. S. CiARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington.

MMHG CHRISTMAS : Your money's worth at tit AND SONS, 83, Bridge street, Warriagtou.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WHOLESALE LARCENY AT RUNCORN.

A RE WARIKABLE PRISONER.

Pre lerick Chet!, greener Jeer, Ctiurch-stree', a well- known character. was brougat up on remand charged with the three following offeaces :—(1) Luce oy of 3lbs of mut:on, the property of Mr. Thomas Bell, 100 orlands- road ' • (2) larceny of a p xir of boot, from Messrs. Scales and Sons, Church-street ; (3) larceny of a basket from the shop of Mr. George Moo:es, Regent-street.—George Bell said he was assistant a; his brother's shop in Low- lands-road. Last T esday about 4-30 p.m. he was serv- ing a customer in the shop and saw Cuell come to the window of the shop arid talc away a part of a shoulder of mutton, about 3itis weient. fie went after Cnell and asked him far it,but he cooly laughed and went on.— Prisoner said he did not steal anything; he'd been leav- ing a drop of driok.—Mr. Frederick Guy, said he was manager of the shop styled Scales and So as, Church- street. Ile was in the shop on Tuesi ay night, and saw Chell coma up to the doorway, une hook a pair of beota and walk away will them Re went after him. Chell walked straight into the arms of P.C. N:cholls who told him to take the boots back. Witness d d not thiek that Chell meant to steal the boots. He did it so openly, and considered is more of a prank. Toe boots were valued at 7s. 61.—Mr. George Moores, IRegent-street, stated he kept a small ware shop in Regent.. street. On Tuesday last he was sitting in the house having his tea, it would be eh eat 5.30. He saw Chaff come and take a basket aid walk straight out. Ha called after him, but Caen took ne notice. Witness theught Chell was in drink at tne time.—The Magic- teat's' Clerk (to prisoner) : Would you rather be tried by the magistrates or committed to quarter sessions.— Prisoner: I'm net a bit particular, so do with me what you like. I'm as a good a man as there is living now. Asked as to whether be would like to be sworn to give evidehoe, prisoner said he would swear against no man. He was sent there to do good.—Further evidence was given by P.C. Fry aq to fluting the articles and arresting the prisoaer. The m atton was in the oven half cooked. On being charged with the offences at the Police Sta•ion ChM replied " float is nothing ; what have you stolen ?"—Prisoner : I never stole anything in my life; I am a giver.—The Chairman; Chell, you do not seem to media the position you are in 2—Prisoner : lam in a very good position ; but I slant be in a g ecei o :e if you commit me.—Having re- ferred to the pr evioos convictions against the prisoner, the Bench sentenced Chell to imprisonment for one month in each case.—Prisoner • Then you had better come with me.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSKAII.

THE RECENT RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—AII trice of the effecti of the recent raiiway accident a Frodsham, has been removed and the sign il-box has been re-fitted, and is in good working order again. FOOTBALL MATCH.-0a Saturday last Fro Isham foote ball ch.lo receivad a visit from the erstwhile champions of the Chester and District Jur;Oar Lague (Chester Reaerve), and as a result suff red a defeat by 4 goals to nil.

VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRIBUTION AND CONCERT.-0a Thursday night the prize dictributioa in connection with "I " Company of the 2nd Earl Cnes:er Vo.uateer Battalion, took place at tee Town Hall, Frodshata, when the interesting ceremony was performed by Mr. Charles Linaker„ in the presence of a large and fashionable audi- ence. The occasion was also celebrated in the form of a grand evening concerc. A capital and varied pro- gramme was sustained most. alo!y by the folle wing articles :—Miss Jennie Linaker, Miss AllO3 Linaker, Mr. C Linaker, Mr W G Lianaker, Mr John Hendersoa, the Band of the Volunteer Company, an 1 others. The accompanist was Mr. Barket Mu,grave, A.R.C.O. Major H. Harrison presided, and other distinguished officers wera present.

Tin SitalLS.;:d

At the weekly concert given at th above institute on Tuesday night, Nfr. Shaw (m s,ionary) presided. Thera was a fair attendance. An tom silent prosamme was submitted. Ths usual votes of thanks ts. the artistes and the singing of the" National Anthem," concluded the performance.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
XAAS 1898.

BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCEIAS ES OF PRESENTS,

DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WIN-Dow DISPLAY.

ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. So GARLAND,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISHING lEONMONGRE.

51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF

RAVELLING REQUISITES. GLiLDSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From Hs. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 241. WATERPROOF HOLD- ALL From 9s. 81

9, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

1, LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

BRE WARD AND BAILEY, • CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE 451 lIORS E NIA RIC ET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHUA, &c., USE "RANKS' INFALLIBLEF G OKOUGH.'

To further Advertise this Excellent Preparation £5O IN CASH

WILL BE GIVBIir to anyone correctly filling in the missing letters to form the names of three very well. known places in England

xxxxIIESTER xxxxlNG HAM xxxxESBURY

Should more than one person give the correct Solution the £5O will be equally divided.

Send P.O. for 25 for 2s 6cl AOTTLR and SOLUTION to the Sole Manufacturer

J. FRANKS, 69. LUONARD-STRRET. DERBY.

THIS SPLENDID OFFER IS GU IR ANT EED GENUINE.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL

LADIES' AND GENTS MACHINES, ,t 8 153, To £lO 10s.

NEW ROWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 lOs NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES ,tl3 Os EXCELSIOR L ADIES' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £I4 OS PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES 1:14 OS. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 110 s.

SEB WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND,

CYCLE FACTOR.

51, 53, 551 BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTPN.

&STANCE AND CO.'S

GREAT

WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE,

AND JEWELLERY SALE

43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON„

===== 0002601_18981216_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
••-r" . • • • • , ••t ~. •

===== 0002601_18981216_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18981216_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
1

THE TRIMAPEI OF DIPLOMACY. lord Salisbury's necessity is fUssrs. W. H. Watts and Co.'s opportunity. CHINA FOE TIM 0 tiINESE " is all very well, It is better twin " Chida for the Russian." or " The Celestial Empire for the Kaiser," or "The juciest bit for the strongest" or" The Far East for Japan." but the only policy in which Messrs. W. H. Watts and Co., Limited, believe is the policy of the

OPEN DOOR, which, in spite of a world in arms, they have secured for the good little boys and girls of Liverpool, and the Chancel- lors of their Exchequers (to wit, their bountiful and indulgent papas and mammas). INTO VIE GRIM CHRISTMAS BAZAAR D OY FAIR AT k_JOMPTO'N HOUSE. -

In the interests of International Peace. Messrs. W. Watts and Co. Limited, will not have that door closed, even against Major 'Marchand. They will have no unbenevolent exclusions. Their motto is. " Let 'em all come," and if the traffic is congested. and •' A mile around the city. The throng stop up the ways," the City Fathers must hurry up the Electric Trams and widen Bold-street, and enlarge the Mersey Tunnel ; snd run ferry-boats every other minute, and put on a service of balloons. It is no use taking half-measures with the traffic when the Compton House Toy Fair is on. do let the Watch Committee be prepared for MONDAY NEXT, TaE 12TH IN3 T., WHEN' THE GREAT CaRISTMAS BAZAAR AND TOY FAIR WILL BE OPENED BY FATIIER CHRISTMAS. ix THE ENCHANTED GROTTO,

- - Attended by a right royal retinue of fairies, gnomes,sprites, elves, Old King Cole, Little Miss Muffet, Humpty Duinpty, and all the other notables of Fairyland. Wonderlaod, and Nursery Rhymedom. ENTRANCE TO COVIPTON HOUSE FREE. ENTRANCE TO THE GROTTO SIXPENCE. In exchange for which nimble coin Father Christmas will give each little Girl and Boy a Stupendous Packet of Toys, eontaining wealth enough to turn the eyes of an African Millionaire green with envy. So, " Hip, Hip, Hurrah " for the real, original, and perennial " Emissary of Ctyilisation," Father Christmas. " LONG LIVE THE QUEEN I"

TEIERE'S NO DOUBT ABOU ! THI3 IS THE RUB OF THE UNIVERSE! THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. PROMENADE CONCERTS AT ALL HOURS OF THE D Music, Music Everyva here—Choral. Instrumental, Chro- matic, Organic, Violinin. aad Terrific ! Bugles, rousing as John Peel's celebrated "View hallo." from so to 55 114. Trumpets in thousands, 60 to Is Cid. Drums at all I rices. Violin., with bows, the beau-ideal of musical instruments, Is 110, Zs 6.1, 2s 111, 30 64, to 6s 64. Pianos, upright and grand. 'Did. Is 60, Is lid to 7s 64. Auto-harps, magnificent tone, beantifnl instruments. 12s 94. Aristons or organettes played by means of perforated card- board discs, 12s 94, Ifs 64, 35s and 555. SPECIAL NOVELTY FOR THIS SEASON. The llonopol or Zither Musical Box, runs when wound up for several minut,s ; plays all the latest popular tunes. '• Is your Xs mnsie always wid Ye." "Su :shine of Paradise Alley," Ac., prices 12s 94. 310 64. Fie. But here Is music of another character : _ _

"Cackle of ens, crowing of cocks, Lowing of cow, and bull, and oic, Bleating of pretty pastoral flocks." And other sounds paculiar to the NOA El'S ARK-TIC REGIONS. Messrs. W. H. wArTs and CD, LIMITED, while regrett- ing they have not been able to secure the attendance of BARNUM AND BAILEY'S SHOW AT COUP lON HOUSE.

Are pleased to announce that have gme " one better," and semred the original source of all Menageries, the Noah's Ark. together with magnificent specimens of all known and many unknown species of animals, Splendid Fleet of Noah's Arks, with unpainted whitewood animals, from 51d, to :5s ear h, Arks. with finely modelled animals. varnished 3s lid to 55s each. Boat-shaped Arks, with 150 animals, Ss 61 and us 9d 200 animals, 143 91 ; 25) animals. 23s 6d : and 300 specimens 2Ts 6d. Small Arks, containing 50 specimens, Is aid and 2s 3d. or with 90, 3s 11,1, 5e 6d. With large papier-mache aaim tls, 2.8 s 6d. Finest Vanished Arks, with skin,:eqe.red specimens, 23 3s.

IN VIEW OF THE COMING ROYAL AGRICULTURAL SHOW WAVERMEE PLAYGROUND, tlessra. W. H. WATT 3 and CO. LIMITUD, have secured an enormous number of 434,estic animals, all prize bred, and with excellent pedigrees. It is estimated that there are in the world Z.. 53,000.000 SHEEP ! And a large number of the beat and fiaest breads will be found at the

TOY FAIR TilTi.:o—M-FiON HOUSE. White Wool Baa-Lambs. on stand, mild and gentle little creatures, 13 Oid, Lirge siz,d iihie, es.cellent models, from 25 6i to 63 Ild, Pigs, Rabbits, Cats, and Birds, all at Ell French Poodles, n wheels, 293 Si. "Happy Family" Boxes of Animals, 35 9d. Elephants. Donkeys, sad White Rabbits. 60, HARK! HARK! THE DOGS DO BARK! In the AISLE OF DOGS. Which let us visit, for at the COMPTON CHRISTMAS TOY FAIR one may "go to the dogs' without loss of reputation. For dogs, at last. " there's a good time coming," for, on the authority of the Minister of Agricuiture, we learn that the United Kingdom is now practically free from rabies, and there is, therefore, an immediate prospect of the ABOLITION OF MUZZLES. " Oh Mr,ster, master, I have watched so long, that rris

. dog weary.' Dogs. well trained, faithful animals, with free license to take them anywhere without cord, chain, or muzzle, from 1.04 d, Is 20, Is 40.1 s 63, Is 'lit 2s ad upwards. ALL tIANSPg AND NQ (iIIOWLEHS.

TBE MOST MAGNIFHANT COLLECTION OF ANIMALS' EVER SEEN. Skin-cove:el Donkeys an-1 Horses, from n to llid. Fur Donkeys, on wheels, saddled, with guaranteel 24d0 voice, 2s 93. Skln-covered Doses, life-like models. 5s 11d. Cloth-covered Ninepins, all animals, Is 61 and 1.4 s 91. Large Cloth-covered Elephants, on felt-covered Rockers. with howdah and brilliant-coloured trappings, a "mount" fit for a prince, 27s 61. He is said to be lucky whe picks up a horse-shoe, but what of him who "picks up" a Horse at a merely nominal price? This is a feat easy of ac omPUshmtot the COMPTON MEWS. where there are steeds and equipages of every description, and at prices to suit all intending purchasers. SAFETY ROCKING HORSES. " Rock-a4,ye baby on a swing "boss," When the swing moves the gee-gee will toss ; When the horse breaks -but that will ne'er be For there's rally no ' breaking' these chargers, you see In fact the Campton Swing Horse is a " hobby " you can- not possibly ride to death." THE FINEST COLLECTION IN TOE CITY. All Liverpool made, with extra-strong pitchpine frame, good shapes splendid trappings and plush saddles, prices unequalled elsewhere, 13s 93, 15s 93. 21. s 61, 25s 61, 35s 61, 325 63, 525 61. 55s 55ss, 655, and Ms. For Sa!e. one only Magnificent Skin-covered English Race- hems, chestnut, excellent model, with moving head, goes for eight hours when wound. price 29s 61. IMPORTANT TO TEAMOWNERS, CONTRACTORS, And to all whom it may concern. To enable their f fiends to prepare for the additional business of the festive season, Messrs. W. H. WATTS aad CO., LIMITED, and FATHER CHRISTMAS have secured an enormous number of HORSE ND CARTS, VANS, LURRIES, Scc. too numerous to spsolfy in detail, and cordially invite inspec- tion of the same.

BUT WHAT ABOUT THE GIRLS? Ah, their hopes are centered in the Treasures of THE DOLL ROOM, That enchanted region of unblemished happiness, where, as In the blissful City of Janaidar, upon the " Father of the lee Mountains." the loftiest mountain of the Pamirs, there are flowers which never wither, and women who never grow old and never lose their beauty. Thither .• Beauty draws us with a single hair," and we feast our byes upon a vi. ion of loveliness and a 'DREAM OF FAIR WOMEN" unequalled in any other spot upon the eaith. THE OLDEST DOLL IN THE WORLD Is a rudely carved little figure in the British Museum, found in the sarcophagus of an Egyptian Princess. .who lived corn e

three-hu7idred year-s' he ire the Christian era The Newest Dolls in the world, as well as the cheapest and the most bewitchingly beautiful are to be found at the TO FAIR at CO:AMOS HOUSE. Dolls of all countries and of all complexions. Ever charming, ever new." Dressed Dolls, pretty French ladies, jointed, in white„ cream, Pink, pale blue, crimson, and fancy coloured costumes of Parisian cut and style, 110, Is 60. is 110. 2s 6,2 s lid, 3s 6d. 35 lid, 43 lie. 6s 6d, Ts 6d. 8s Ild, 18e 9d. Another lovely dressed doll, `. a lady of high degree," price 15s 9d.

Beautiful in form and feature. Lovely as the day, Can there be so fair a creature Formed of common clay ?" Pretty Jointed Dolls, with Cnarming Costumes, for motherly little girlz to dress and undress. is 64 and 48 A wonderfalty Cheap Row of Dollies. dressed and jointed, 50, and 14,1. Jointed Dolls, with long white muslin dresses, 2s lid. Dressed Sailor Dolls, 144. A splendid lot, of Jointed Dolls, warmly dressed in Arctic furs, cosy and jolly. 61d, 110, Is 6jd, 2s 6d, to 7.114. Ally Slopsr Bag Dolls, the hest and mot serviceable doll ever made, whose face is their fortune, always ready for a jolly lark, good tempered, and warranted to come up Smiling on all occasions, 2s Ed. Beautifully-Dressed Jointed Dolls, in long silk costumes, pink and pale blue, trimmed with white lace, 9s 114. •• Beautiful as sweet, and young as beautiful, and soft as young, and gay as soft, and innocent as gay," and so on, ad libitum. Jolly Littie Nigger Dells, In trousers, coat. hat. ,tc., all as happy and merry as the day is long, who " Never mind their colour as their heart ain't black," 6td, 110. to 2s lid each. W. H. WATTS AND CO., LIMITED, , LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
J

b

- .

. li . 0 I, ~..,',":4' .. ''T f ', ii • .. . , * 1 • '' . ... , . , . . , -, s . , ‘`.AL -. t .-, 1 ...4( ' • 4. i,' ' j''?:1; ' .., l'''' \ ''3..' 0 :3. re.' .".,,, , or ' , ' ~.!..n,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR ATTENTION,

Every person's future is to a certain extent in his own hand. Many a future which might have been brit- lent has been darkened by lack of timely preparation to meet the exigencies and change; which occur in every day life. Many a home which might have been glad- dened by life an I health, and cornfort,has beau saddened .by poverty. illness, and death, in many cases wholly preventable. There are, indeed, few that d ) not feel ' the system needs recruiting after the trying feeling of lassitude, with others, "not quits up to the mark," "a sort of all over sinking feeling," " too weak to do any- thing about the house," "these recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These, and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some good tonic. mixture, a reliable me- dicine ef established reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to bo had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters; it has never been known to fail. It's always the same, there can be no mistake about it. The careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the most shingent rules, assures the certainty tnat Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tanic, is always efficacious and genuinely successful in all eases of Indigestion,Weakness,Nervous- ness, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, Dyspepsia, Liver Com- plaints, Neuralgia, and Influerza. We claim that Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters is a General Benefactor of Suf- fering Humanity. Hundreds of testimonial; prove this, , coming from all classes of the community. Pain is no Irespector of persons, be advised, try Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters,a sovereign remedy for various ailments, for rich and poor alike. Whea you buy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, you get what you think you get, abso- lutely the Tonic of Natures own providing, comprised of the ibeneacient properties contained in Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dendelion in addition to Quinine. It is not so much what you pay for a thing, bet what you get for what you pay. Don't listen to the "Just as good" argument, there is no Tonic " Just as good" as Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters, it stands supreme. To prevent disappointment, above all thing; see that you get the right article, with the name "Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine. Sold everywhere in bottles 23. 9d. and 45.63. each, but should any difficulty be ex- perienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free, for the above prices. by the Sole Proprietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufac- turing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILYAL EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILY XI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

A MONTH FOR WATCH-SNATCHING.

At the W-arr-i7g-to—in -13-o;oUg-h---Policr-e-diTin-rt- on Monday before Mr. F. Monks (in the caair) and other magis- trates, William Kenny, Ship-yard, was charged with having stolen from the person of Georale Davison on Sunday night a silver watch and chain, valued at £2 —Prosecutor said he was a moulder living at 28, Vic- toria-street. About t m o'clock on Sunday night he went up Ship-yard and into Bank-street, with the intention of going to his cousin's house. He fell down in the yard being under the influence of drink. The prisoner Came up and took the watch out of his waistcoat pocket. The chain was att ached to the watch. Prisoner said " I will take it to your cousin." Prisoner ran off, and ,he followed him. He saw him go into a lodging- house. Prisoner was not fully dressed. He (prosecutor) afterwards picked him out in the lcdging-house and gave him into custody. Thomas Mtcheil,brick ayer,lB,Lower Ship-yard, said he heard Davison call out, and saw a man,who had ooly his trousers on, running in the direction of the lodging. house. Dsvison came up and said that the man had stolen his watch and chain. They went to the lodging- house and Dsvison picked out 'Amer.—John Evans, who was with the last witness, gave corroborative evi- dence.—lrisnector Taylor said be received a complaint from Devisom,and proceeded to the lodging house, where he found the prisoner in bed. Before he spoke prisoner Bald " I have not got his watch nor clock either." Wit- ness searched the house,but did not find the watch. He took prisoner to the Police S-ation. He then returned and made a search of the neighhourhood, eventoally finding the watch and Chain in an entry. He afterwards charged the prisoner with having stolen the watCh an chain, and he replied " I have nothing to say. I was ,nrver in his company in my ifs." He had previously , said he saw Devison drunk in the enlry.—Prisoner now Faid he had not been out of the house that night.—He ; was committed to gaol f a month.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WIrtaINGTOI BOROMI,FI POLICE couar.

..—....... MONDs.r.—Befors Mr. P. Monks (In the choir), ant Council- lors Shaw Green and Stnethuret and Mr. Birchail. " Nov DRUNK, SIMPLY WlCF.ED."—•,:arah Jane Mannlon was charged with having beeu drunk and disorderly in Buttermaraet-streeton Saturdoy night.—P C. Smith gave evidence. The Chief Constable said defendant was brought to the Police Station twice on Sunday night.—Defendant ' said she came out of the Workhouse, and Wit one or two friends, who gave her seine drink.—This being her first offence sho was fined Si. . SPEECHLESSLY DRUNK.—Mary Grimes, no fixed abode, was charged with having been drunk in Bridem-street on Saturday night.—Seegeant Barons said he found the defen- dant helplessly drunk and unable to speak.—lle took her to the Police Station in a handcart.—The Chief Constable said this was delenaant's 17th appearance.— Def miant was fined 5s and rests or seven days. SUMMONED 'OR HAYING DEFECTIVE PROPERM—Mary Byrom was summoned by the Corporation for having defect.. tive property in Warburton-street Nos. 29 to 45.—Dr. Gor- nail said he knew the property vary well, and hod known It since its erection. During the last two or three years they had had difficulty in inducing Mrs. Byrom to keep the pro- perty in a satisfactory condition. It was now detective, and In such a condition as to be unfit for hurnon habitation. He asked the magistrates under section 97 of the Publia Health Act, to give to the Health Comnoittee, whom h. represented, an order for the closing of the property until it was put in defective stote.—Mrs Byrom said she fLt cessdition.—ltalph Norman. sonitory inspector, said the property in order.—The magistrates , gehora°uunlgaatednwotehtreekii trcllpeevrt.heraeynd advised defendant to put the property in order and hand over the management entirely to an agent. She was ordered to pay the CMS. AN ADJOURNED CsaF: --The ease of Abigsil Melville, 279, Winwick-road, was again brought up.—lnspector McAteer said the women wos before the Court on the 23th of last month, charged with neglecting her children, and the magis- trates adjourned the case for a fortnight. During that period a little improvement had taken p. ' ace on the whols.—D ;fondant ; said the children were well clothed and fed, and the house

was Clean and tbly.—Ralph Norman, sinitliy he was calle Into ths house no Fri iay. The c-uld hsd gold clean clothing on, and wis apparently clPan. The floors of the different rooms had been scoured. The house generally _ _ .

was in a fair aondition.—Evidence was given by P.C. —Defendant's husband, who made the complaint to the In- spector in the first instance said his yen took the pledge a fortnight ago, and had since kept it. She hied been doing very well.—On the application of the Inspector, the Case was adjourned for a month. CRUELTY To A Co* AT TEE CATTLE FAIR. —Barney Toole, Rollestnn-street, was summoned by Inspector Luckings. of the R.S.P.C.A.. for cruelty to a cow on November 29th.— Defendant pleaded gni.ty.—The Inspector stated that he was at the cattle fair and saw defendant in charge of a number of cows, which he was offering for . sale. One COW Was very lame on the near fore limb. When made to walk it was practically on three legs. Witness examined the cow. anel owlet that ihe foot had worn to the sensitive part and the sole was tinged with blond over about an inch an! a half. The foot was hot and inflamed The cow was heavy in calf- -Defendant said he had not noticed that the cow was lame. —Defendant was fined in the costs. 3s 6.1. MINOR CASE3.--Henry Goth Massey. labourer. Lower Walton. was bound over to keen the peace and ordered to pay floats for being disorderly in Wilson Patten street on the 6th Dectlnber.—Wllliara Travis, 2. St. Anitin'sdane, was fined 51 for not having a light attaehed to his cart at Market- ante after dark on December 6th —John Whitfield. 1 2, itattersby-lane, was fined Is. for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzlecl on December 7th.

TITESDA.Y.--Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman). Mr. Birehall Elnd Councillor Shaw Green. _ _ _ . _ .

A SHORT MlatRI4D LIFIC.—John Wright, 1 Factory-lane, was summoned for assaulting and beating his wife finarna Wright on December 11th—Mr. Browns represented the defendant.— Complainant stated that on Sunday defendant grumbled at her all the day.and at night dragged her out of bed and stran't her. She fainted and be gave h w some water. He asked her to " make friends again," but she would not do so, as she could not submit to his mutinous assaults.—By Mr. Browne : They had Gnly been married seven months. She had never threatened him with a knife —Mrs Welsby gave evidence for the complain- ant.—Defendant, on being sworn, ssticl comp!ainant bit his thigh and he struck her.—Mr. Browne said his client did not want a separation. and that if the aunt (In Welsby) would keep away from the house they would be all right.—The Chairman said the*would bind him over to keep the peace for six months in the sum of .25 and order him to pay the costs. "A WOLF IN SHEEP'S CILOTHING."—TtM.9 Mannloll. 31. Welsh's-yard. Old-road, was charged with stealing 661 b of lead value 10s on Monday afternoon from a Is 'use in Tigypt-street. the property of Messrs. Chandley, plumbers and decorators. Bridge-str,et.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—The Chief Con- stable said Messrs. Chandiey had been missing a quantity of lead from a house in Bgypt-street, where they had been at , work during the last week. On Saturday they put some lead in the cellar of the house. Detective Delahav marked ' the lead and at 4.15 on Monday afternoon, he saw a man come from the direction of the building with the bag of lead. Tbe officer asked prisoner where he had got it troip., and be said "it is off our job."—Mr. ii. Chandiey said sus- picion fell on the whole of their workmen, and they wers de terminad to find out the culprit. The amateur thief was more difficult to cope with than the professional thief. He Was like a wolf in sheep's clothing walking about. Defendant

i. S ING.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS,

,

GrIATEFUL-COMFORTI

‘`' • 4'')

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

e '

===== 0002601_18981216_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
T E EX AN

was employed by Mr Fakelonzh. Wider, who wo doing work on the Premises.—A fine of 20s and costs was imposed or on month's imprisonment. WEnnEane.Y.:—B,efore Mr. John Fairelough (in ..the chair). _ .

Alderman Sutton, ant _lleisrs Siren%ll an s. d' aedit' . .

- - -- VOCALIST 3 IN THE WORICHOUSE.-51firgivet Burke, and Ellen Conway, were summoned for disorderly behaviour in the Workhouse on Ileaday night.—Mr. B. Shearer stid the disorderly behaviour consisted of singing and dancing after they had gone to bed. The doctors had put defend tnts and other women in a class by themselves. Ills Ward said the noise was kept up from 8 o'clock until 11 o'Cilek. The assistant matron had complained for a week of their conduct.—Nliss Ward corroborated.— Burke said two women had been out for the day and Mien Terry commenced to sing " Walt till the clouds roll by," and they a'l jo nisi in the chorus.—The chief Constable said from their record they were two thoroughly bad women. —The beach committed them to goal for 21 days' hlrd labour.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Til LAN CA S

RUNCORN PETrY SESSIONi.

MounLY.—BetoTe. -iiie;s;s.-Plii-li-p-Sp-ean-aia-a-(Spiesiding), and Samuel Taylor. \Tacoma:ox REICAPTIoNS REFUSED. —Mr Joseph McQuinn 2, Wellington-street, Runcora, applied for a certificate of exemption for vaccination in respect of his twolchildren. In One cage it WAS pointed out that the application caald not be granted as it was not :nada withia the time specified by the Act (4 months).—Mr. Harry Baaer. chemist. Moughland- len., made a similar application in respect of his three children, but the applications were refused on the same grounds as the previous ease.—Mr. Baker said that he had been given to understand by the Registrar of Births that he , would be in time by making his application that day. He accepted the ruling of the bench. I A DOG AT LARGE.—iillen Dyer, Hign-street. was sum- moned in respect of her dog which hid been allowed to stray without being provided with the necessary mesas of identi- fication. on the 4th Decena aer. —A. Sae of 5s including costs was imposed. ASLEEP IN CRARGE Or A FIcIRSE AND CART. —Henry Bran- ford, 19 Foundry-lean, Warrington, (teamster), was chargel with being the driver of a lorry of whole he land not proper control, at Sutton, on the 13th November, and also at the same time and place having no lights attached to his vehicle.—Datendent was represented by his wile, who admit- ted the offences. —P.C. Juett said in company with P.C. Ridgeway he met the horse and lurry and found the driver was asieep. He told him he would charge him with the offences.—Defendant's wife said teat her husband had been out all the provinue niglat and gay. He was very sleepy and had evidently dozed off a little. He was unable to be present at the Court owing to having caught a bid cold.—A fine at 5s and 14s 61 costs in each case was imposed. AN INCORRIGIBLE BOY LEADS ANoTECER ASTRAy.—Frelli. Harding. 10 years ; and Edward Fillibin, 11 years, both of Runcorn, were charged with stealing a singlet belonging tiY Mr William Berry, from a clothes-line at the back of els premises on the previous Tuesday.—The p cress's of bath boys were present.—Harding pleaded guilty and Fillibin not guilty.—Mrs. Berry remembered last Tuesday. She had been washing sums clothes and pit them out to dry in the back field near th 3 railway eta: ion. Consequent, upon what WAS told her some time afterwards el 3 went to look at the clothes and found that a singlet (pro -Woad) which was identi- fied as one made by hersalt, or her husband, was missing.— Thomas Brown, assistant at Lightfoot's pawnshop. High-st., said on Tuesday last the little boy (Harding) came to the shop with the singlet and asked that 91 should be lent on it. He asked whose it was and he said it Was his father's and that he had sent him to the shop with it. They had no notice of anything bring stolen and lent sixpence on the article.—P.C. Gregory stated that he received lutormatioa of such a nature as to cause him to apprehend Use two bays, which he did about five °Volk on the Tuesday afternoon Filibin crying gave him 5.1 saying it was " fivepence of the money that we get fir the singlet." Harding gave him a penny but did not say what it was for. Upon charging thorn withthe offence. Harding said l• Ito k it but Fillibin told me." Fillibin said "he (pointing to Harding) took it " In answer to the Bench, the father of Harding male a statement in which he saiA that ths boy was more than tie could manage. There was never a week passed but what he had to appear in court and pay Sortie money for the lad It was time Matt something was done and he hoped that they would send the boy away. If they did he was willing to pay anything in reason.--The Chairman, said it appears that the bay Harding who was only ' 0 years of age was an old offender. With regard to what Mr. Harding had said, he considered it was unfatherly to speak in that way. There I was something radically wrong at the home where a boy of such tender years was beyoad control. For that offence Harding would receive 12 strokes of the birch, and Fillibin 6 strokes. He hoped for the future that the parents would see that the children di 1 not appear there again.—Rec ailing the witness. Brown, the Chairman said : We think it was avers injalicknes act as representing your employer in re- ceiving this singlet. We want to warn you.—Superintendent ()kelt said he had spoken to the yoang man whom they always found very good in theca matters. A TRAMP GETS A " flltr " T 1 PRISON —John Stevens. of no fixed abode, was charged with wandering about having no visible means of subsistence. and with begging on the pre- vious day. Ile pleaded guiltY.—On the evidence of P.O. Wilding, Stevens Was committed for 7 days' hard labour.

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, ~ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, Elliman's „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's „ Cold at the Chest, . _ _

Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ Chilblains before Broken, RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. _ _

Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, &c. Bottles Ed., is. id., 25. 9d., 4s. Preparedby Elliman. Sons&Co.,Slough

A little boy hal a startling experience In Hyde Park on Saturday. As he WAS walking along he saw a gentleman take a revolver from his pocket, put the muzz'e to his right temple and deliberately 'shoat himself in the head. The boy at once raised an alarm, and a constable coming on the scene found the suicide in the throes of death. He was conveyed to St. George's Hospital, but on arrival there life was extinct. The deceased was about 31. years of age, of fair complexion, with alight brown moustache. On searching him, between 230 and 393 letters were found in his poakets addresseihi the name of Dixon to var!oaa

===== 0002601_18981216_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTEIIP RISINU I:OCA.L TitA.DE3IIAN

Matt 7 reaclt-r of the " Examiner " ceW probably have some acquaintance with the srn cli. bt by no means isr- signific tnt establishment 4.f Mr. J. P. Jermiogs, fligh- Elas.s Bespoke Boot and Shoe Make::, 123, Sankey-street which has been brouzht prominently to the front t.iy reason of the firm's original and effective advertisements of a speciality : "We tr re- i irin s " used for all be- spoke orders and repairs. They are cut from beat English ie ither only, and c tti be confidently recommen- ded to all men whose daily avocation necessitates their ac:iomplithing a great amount of walking. A novel feature in the business, is tk i firm's system of collecting and delivering rep tire, &i., free of all extra charges, to the great c mvenience and evident appreciation of thelr numerous patrensin t twit and country. Asa tribute to the firm's trustworthiness, Mr. Jennings has been sped. ally requested to take the premises 7, Manchesteir-road. opposite School Bro y, a request, he has acceded to, and nropoos opening the new branch about the middle of Doct,mber. where all orders will receive earns prompt and careful attention as at the Sankey-street shop. Attention is drawn to a special line in the be,spoke de- pirtmcnt,—a gentleman's lace or button walking boot band-3ewn, made to measure at 19s 61. The predomi- nent features in these boots are durability, cnnfort, and style.—Advt.

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. 50 PER CENT SAVED. PURCHASE DIRECT FQOM THE ABSOLUTE MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTE ROB 2; YEARS FROM E 1.5 SO.. CASH Uti sa lv Sold at £3l. Much Grelter Reduc.ions on Higher Clam/ SAVE YOUR MONEY BY TRADING DIRECT. PIANOS at WHOLESALE PRICES Direct fro= the Factory by the Leading, and Well known Firm of E. BISHOP AND SONS LIMIT immmoNT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER STREET, LONDON, W. BRANCH 5110W-ROOMS- -287, GRAY'S INN ROAD, KING'S CROSS, LONE°,

OUR Designs of hizl classes _ ices on applicaljull• EASY TERMS of PAYI 3l ARRANGID, Securely Packed and Deli% part of the Ilnitea Kingdom. Buy Direct and Save the }Leavy Profits of the Middlemai3. buch facilities have never before been offered the publia• Write for Price List and Full Drawing.. E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED. HEAD OFFICE AND WORKS— BELMONT STRERT, CHALK FARM, LONDON N.W. ESTABLI6HED 1862. Telegraphic Address—" Ai/CUBIST-IOP LONDON.: TOIPICCONISTO •Commencifig.—bee Illustrated fluid 1(259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' OutAtting Co.,lB6,Eustou-road London. Hairdressers fitted.—Manager,E. Mynae.—Advt.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE Mtn, —lf your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positiVely restore, in every ease, arey or white hair to its original colomilt makes the hair charmintv beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Prica 3a. 6d per bottle.—Advt.

..:.,;,:.,,:.? ~,,,,,..,,,....• ~.,:,::::;

•

T raaY nv.nufat out Bails. wt Uniqua Tht thereon a a 100,1 S Ports Procurable at Factories—P

WAR, 1.111 19 er, a 1 'via is •" in the m's rec, •i" hale • lasn. boa lren Wet •n soil, that 'anabi

__........,N0M11ig

15V-4$C 1411 • ;L. A t. 4 L--- Medals and Highest Awards at all the Leading International Exhibitions. PIANOS ARE WELL KNOWN IN EVER! TOWN IN TRH UNITED KINO-DOll. .'doer - at equally low prices on ThiliNT MAY 1313 ft Ivered to auy - 'qdor

N BU Wbel '14,3 thir iealei EN a 14.1 , ()is, Lag !Cad j r.) t: eei p 5.C111 ; ,4q(

===== 0002601_18981216_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
, FRIDAY, DECENIBER 16, 1808.

GB! FOOTBALL.

•mt fyitballeri to know that the world-famed Go. t, BUSSEY & Co., of London, tnrn .:11 :or quality, uniformity, and durability. are la balls will be distinguished by the appearance Ur well known trade mark. +Mae Ask the ,r for G. G. 13. & Co.'s Price List. If not 33 &38 Qaeen Victoria St-eet. London Linden; and Elms well, Suffolk. Advt (1

:cr to tkina

===== 0002601_18981216_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
EOCHDALE HORNETS v. LEIGH.

Le'gh viaited Rochdale. The Horneliq pro;nd them- eves the qup-rior lot. L. Rizg droppe I a goal, and W. Rig and Dtvie3 !andel tries for Rocudala, who won by these points to ra e goal and one try.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD v. STOCKPORT.

A gate spoile-d—th-Wm—ate-h at trfoici.--i'ne home side, for whom Pero n (two),Williarns,and Woodhead scored tries, won by fmr tries to on, !Toll and two tries—ob- tained by &mister and Robinson. MORECAMBE v. TYLDESLEY.

Mwecambe, -a-t-h-;m—e--,-w—an"bit;;;;;;;;E; Tyldesley's one.

YORKSIIIN,E SENIOR. COKPETITION.

HUNSLET v. HECKNEONDWIIKE. A record score in this competition of seven goals twelve tries to nil in livour of Hunsiet was the ri suit of this ma.tch, played upon their ground. Their brothers Goldthorp, Wright aril Robinson were the principal scorers.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGHOUSE RANGERS v. BATLEY.

Early in the match at Brighouse David kicked a pen- alty goal for Bit!ey. Nichol retaliated with a try. Re- sult : Rangers. Ana try ; Batley, one goal. HB.LIFAX v. HOLBECK.

Halifax were-ZirTin-e-toifo-lbe-CV,--u-p-ori whom ther in- flicted a defeat to the extent of three tr e 3 (Kitson, Frith and Nicol) to nil. WAKEFIELD TRINITY v. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH. The Trinitarians suffered a severe reverse on their own ground, as they were only able to obtain a try against two goals And four tries scored by their oppo- nenty. Fawcett (two), Moseley, and Laughlin obtAined the winners' trio. HUDDERSFIELD v. BRADFORD.

At Huddersfield Jones gained a try for the homesterl, Sutcliffe converting, ; while Dobson got over for Brad• ford, who thus ln.t by threl points to five. MANNINGHAM V. CAS ILEFORD.

Castlefo—rd--.gVtWl—a—weilltrceiTte-d---Win by two goals and two trio ta two goals and one try at Manninzham. Barton, Townend, and Bentley played prominently for their respective sidss,

BRAAILEY v. LIVERSEDGE.

A keen struggle was witnessed en the Bramley ground. All the sciorina tlok p!ace in the secarki half. Bramley won by two tries to one.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY M&TCFI ES.

ST. HELENS v. HULL-

At Hull, Frilires kicked off for St. Helow. Driscoll started a good Dvsing• movement for Hull, and Wiles scored a try, Taylor kicking a beautiful goal. Liver. sage was here prominent with a spendid run, but f tiled through a knock-on. The Hull backs shoved a decided superiority in passing. and general ronartnesl. Forshaw here trick.,!d the St. Eltlens backs and scored a try under the posts, and Taylor added two points. Half-tirne Hull 10 points, St. Helens nil. After the restart Turner srsored a try. Thompson also got over the St. Helens line. Final : Hull 19 points, S. Heleas dd.

LANCASHIRE (A) TEAMS CHAMPIONSFIP. LEIGH (A) V. ROCHDALE HORNETS (A). At Leigh. li)chdale press,d severely, and after good passing scored a try, the place kick failing. The interval arrived with the score :—Rochdale, 1 goal 1 try ; Leigh nil. In the seannd half, Lsig,h quite held their own. Baxter scored from a rush, Baardman converting. Roch- dale scored a try and kicked a goal. Final :—Rochdale Hornets (A), 2 goals 2 tries (10 points) ; Leigh (A), 1 goal 1 try (5 points). Oldham A, 3 points; Widnes A, 2 points: Swinton (A), I Cr? ; Runcorn (A), nil. Salford, 2 goals 4 tries; StoAport nil. ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

NRIVTON'-LE• WILLOWS V. ORFORD BARRACKS .-119 above match, in the second round of the Warrington Cap was played at Nursery Park, Newton, on Saturday before a fair gate. Newton made two changes in the team which did so well agAinst Liverpool Amateurs the , week previous, Frardeand returning to hi i position as outside right and Ward going on as outside left vice Smith. The wind was blowing across the around and , although the vLsitors won the tnss they could not cliim any material advantage, accurate play being out of the question. Hill started on behalf of Newton a few minutes alter time and he and Butler male good headway down the centre. Butler banging the ball into the net ci minute from the start. Encouraged by their early suc- case the home for wards returned to the attack and Hill scored the tesond goal with a splendid shot. Tce visitors seemed to waken up at this and they had a spell of at- tacking but Marsh kept his clisrge intact. The , visitors' advantage proved onl)r temporary how- I ever and Newton were soon again pepper- ing till visitors' goal. The homesters still kept up the pre3gare and eventually the ball wai banged through by a host of players. From now to the interval the pace slackened considerably, the visitors rarely be- coming dangerous and when they did, the home defence held them well in check. Half-time . Newton, 3 ; Orford Barracks 0. The resumption again saw the home forwards to the fore,but the visitors' goal-keeper played a superb game and saved shot after shot. Try as they would the Barracks could not shake the hornesters off and they were lucky to prevent them from scoring. For half-an-hour after the re-start, the Newton forwards peppered the visitors' goal without avail and then the , ball was rushed into the net from a scrimmage. After this the visitors seemed to lese heart and the homesters piled on three more goals ' before the finish when the score read !—Newton. 7 ; Orford Barracke o.—Newton thus paesed into the 3rd round of the 'Warrington Cup and if they have any luck in the draws they should make a bold bid for the trophy. The forwards played a grand passing game on Siitur day, and but for the strong wind which was blowiny,, the score would have been much heavier.

i" Oetnent AIG CO TJU L:Ti NE. ot broken art des.—.

Adyt.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
'ORTHERN UNION. RE SENloit COUPETITION.

ON TOO GOOD FOEt WIGAN.

Wig the cu os wain is ding very badly this y, number of victorias to the creiit of the le farce, while the positioa oceupied by them re is perilously near the battom. War- rin4ta 1 by no means brilliant bat " the wire- pull.,r sunk 83 low as their oapoaent 4 of S at- uriav that there was a very fair prospect of tt cam notching a couple of points. For ti areviausly Warrington had battled on for ahr ring a couple of victories, and one de- feat, L a crusher. Their re-appearance after so long .o was therefore welcome, and a fair crowd gattnereuround rhe Wilderspool enolosure. The number of sectaters was not so large as might have besn expectedshnsidering the beautiful day.and it loaks as If interest inale doings of the Warrington Football Club is slightlY n the decline when no more than 4,000 p •ople, at WI htside calratlation, can be persuaded to attsn I such a Ppuiar fixture as that between Wigan ant Warrin_gtol me visitors played Lewis at centre in place of Winaanley,who was incapacitated by bruises. Warrington mead out as ;elected. Mr. K snnedy (Bronant an) bq the referee, aid the players ia his charge were : Warring,ton : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Ho'croft, taberwood, and Harris, thrsequarters ; J T Bate and Aseurst, half locks ; Naylor, .13 iardmars, Fairhurst, jalley, Scaoliz rs's wilt, Sudlow and Risen, iorwards. Wigan : Blacburo, full back ; Rho ten, Wilding, Lewis, and Tiodaey, threoquarters ; Dixon and Pen- ninaton, half to-ski ; Brown, Ira rs, Brbinsoe,Winstaci- Ley, Flitton, Tarr, S amuels,and Collier, forwards. A high wl ail blw from goal to goal, se that the win- ning of the tees was a matter of some importance. Bate's good 14k was in att andance, and the hornesters Plairat with the hewn at their backs in the rat half. Brown set the ball in motion, bat it trvelled only a very short distance, and Iola? aettled at ftk way. Bate was soon in possession of nit, ovaa and mains: Penningtoo, he hande 1 to Isher wood who raclediway down touch, only to be bowled ov•Ir by Rnodet Warrington were new well in the wig an half, and he ad valtag,e was improved by Naylor saso Put in a uald dribble. A pack was formed ten ;raids fram the mitoaar goal line, and Warrington heel- ind out Bate ddged over the line with a clever try. Holcroft mane a 55 attempt at goal. Wigan got back to sea re ihr ougl Harris misfielding the ball, but they coold make no "Ad way against tie smart tactics of the hose aoltin !el' lenrw )01 rearrael to the attack witit a beautiful Ili through the visiting backs, but he ep ailed Ins effort la a badly-judged pass to Holcroft. Fists was nearly jaa, moment la'er, Warr n ;ton pressing hot'? on th a line. Dixon and Timonev effected a slight aqief. but War6riacia world not be d anied. Lewis had .h ,misfertuae tote: hurt ia a taclCe, and left the field, Wilan thus beingfurth ur handicapped. A free kie't to SY/6V rn in ilia positieu was taken by II olcroft who drriPPts I fruitiessl, and Blackburn touctied down. The vi,l-uteng custodiaairicked feebly. and Warrington main- tai itea their erasure. irate again beat his man ani thPwing to Elolcaft the latter ushed over midway be- tvsen the uprighland touch. Ithrr wood tried at goal, ani war not far olt with his kick. Still another chance dobcaining a goa here fell to Warrington, Ashurrt bring %war led a lanalty kick and tryina a drop which wait very near. lboden atternpte Ito put a better coin- psxion on the gale from a Wigan point of view, but hi sprint down th,, touch-line was terminated at centre, p#t tvbieh point 111,1 visitors had up to now never been. &seat centre fronansh sent the home forwards speeding tothea goal-lines ard Blackburn had his work cut out to OP his charge intact. Holcroit had the line at his nroV, bat the wird deflected Bate's pass a little, and ;al surer knocked on. Amends were made shortly ,irra Harrisascorilg finely in the corner after smart oiling by Asbural and Isherwood. Holcroft had one nr try at goal, kit all to no purpose. The interval 'rived With the 'Core reading, Warrington 3 tries, Arlan all. Rift started akin, and Dixoa mulled the return so )517 that Warriniton at once obtained a footing in Arian territory. ir Sasack "Bate seizCd the first °ppm- AO and leadini the way gave Harris an °aiming ~ch the latter *fled to good account, but had laig di ui rssausowed thbugh upsetting the corner flag. Grand letbiaatioa by Bite, Holcroft and Fish carried play half helength of the isld, bat the little left winger was up- et),V Zmonev• Holcroft and Ashurst made another uretavray whici caused Wigan some anxious moments. Vfngton still keping up the attack were presently e rded. Bate brow wide to Fish who ran in comfier- aq. no goal resulting. Fairhurst should have added a ft. try after dribbling over the Wigan lice alba was not slotedy enough to drop on the ball before I.,,kbairn get U. A strong run by Holcroft was next :leased, and then Wigan appeared to realise that hea'la:)licY lay inpuntina, with the wind. Dixon and Iltuarn drove Varrington back with vigorous kick- ag.and for the Arst time the homesters had to defend. Wigton woretenalisei and Dixon took a drop right 1 Pt of goal bit he failed to raise the ball and it was "fed down. The visitors were quickly sent to the lbaut and harris made another desperate effort to e laugh. Aguin Wiaan rushed to the home line, nFiraoneY was with difficulty held in the concur. lain broke way, Just before tints Warrington lost the eau'le'l of Edolcrolc and Fish, who were hurt, Eden arid aaildlrst cominZ hit of the pack. Isherwood and Eden We; nearly scoreh, but the dsfence was sound. Time arred,imndediatay after this effort and Warrington re- Uri Itiruers by 4 tries (12 points) to Wigan, nil. OLDHAM V. WIDNES. Oldharn, blots 20,000 spectators. The gains early det aided into opre and interesting play, Arthur Lees an awl nd Pasaini oat', but Fletcher was well tackled. Esiange kicking bs Arthur Lees, Baty, and Tnotnas wafollowed by Mktin, of Widnes, running well, but : 0031 kept up a Irsistent attack. Murphy cleared to tt.Zurstre, and I lay proceeded with intense earnestness. Fieller was tankllal at his own quarter line, but he 'l _A amends by tanning through and kicking, H. aain saving a sc'le by kicking the ball dead. Williams t'atlown, ani beint tro'keeeive his offere l challenged by Baty, had no one up transfer. With play in the loose, T Kadin gathered ‘he ball, and eluding several oppera- et,) in a small space, gained a try for Oldham close to tb Poßti, the score being received ssith enthusiasm, wch was renewed s'asen Frater placed a goal. Oldham 05 ti the advantages \ and at quarter-time led by five ts to nothing, Ardother effart by the Oldham backs Post ended in a raTiViar in running well,but his pass aC forward, Lawton, Fetcher, and Davies served liands when Baty tackled, but Widnes were hard ,ats d, and Arthur Le e% sharply passing out, Lawton toted a fine try, Fratsr falling to reach the goal, rtime satire :—Odlimr, one goal and two tries ; Ines, notkihff, After the interval a passing boast by te Oldham bole. etas ,ok thea dribble by Bonsor and Ellis, gems into the Mine!, quarter, a failure on the art of Bat) being rectiaea. }Own led a rush to the entre, but ObaaTm were soon back again. the Oldham 4:k ellv;, ; ' --'^gether onlclassing the visitors. Mar- . ini of Wilt tde an effort, but tiiilliarns was Play- lug a grand Kat, arid allowed little aggression. Arthur Lu'e, and La'ftag.started another passing movement, but T. Davies bas again at fault. Another rnovemsnt, however, met with success, Arthur Lees, Lawton, Fletcher, Davis' ,aa a and sa illiaras serving Lawton, who ran In the finest ... of the thy. 1 From an easy position Prater failed ~ An excursion into the Oldham half was soon relna, gleteher ruraniror well,and the Centre was the veeue2 play. Taylor and A.. Martin initiated a a brief spell 0 as;irig, but Berme and Ellis led the way back to centre, but Baty, with a long kick, Cave Wine coral position again. Williams °aim, away with a g. ,d rOnsand on the opposite wing Martin almost scared. ,aTo complete the scoring another nand or nag a 6i" 7;Wllliams race over. Result : Oldham, one go al aR" `ir tries (14 points); WidneS,Pil- soGllN \a SWINTON. ORN RETURN TO FORM. he match at Rune-irn, en Saturday, e to many People, but those staunch lave followed the team throughout the have been watching its gradual return ot surprised a bit. Hitherto, bad lank lanings, and Rancorn have suffered njarles to players and lack of esprit de its playing members. Still, for some g have tii,lc>n a mach brighter eat the efforts of the " faithful " owned with a well-carried win. arras tunic I out, Houghton and ranee, after Borne weeks of inability, ur quite a ovation. Is was noticed that a were minus Goodman their usual ; faced, to time, under Mr. Priestley, of lows: there being fully 3,000 spectators ,n_aoughten back ; C. Butterworth, ilkinson,D. Jones, theeequarters ;James iliiatuns, halves ; S. 'Walker, W. Farmer,

iion't;

lei— _tin

a't. .To a 1

,

The result came a 3 a wuri! supoor:erg - Reason. and Ito term, v/"( has h,cl a 13„nl Rreatiy thro- corps 3:1311 tinlo turn, and a' have "ell Whelth Joltev's was the the scrintant baek, Brourrbtoo• a pteselt T. Wardell'„, Jolley,Gg''

Itemorerld tioa is ttle 13; who suffer kidney orb weaktSEl, in M,,xico• Thous in," env elope tl3 Mansions,. lars cf thlg male or fe:n .11,:ware 0" 5

A CARD. 'dolmas' Improved Mexican Prescrip iriginal guarantsed Remedy for all those nervo6.s Wears, xha,nated vitality &der n• gra Prostrate. spirit rt and kindred complaints—discovered ood the test for twenty-two years send a self-addresvd stamped 1:101/MES' REMEDY Co., Bloomsbury isb urY Square. London. and get particu- speoiew free. Mention whether for Goluine sufferers need only apply. ling imitators and ignorant quacks.

"EPEE

F. Gayter, W, Bettley, W. Lightfoot, Darlington, Reece and Tomlinson, forwards. Swinton—R. Valentine, back ; Bevan, Messer, James Valentine, Hampton, three-quarters ; Allen. Pearson, halves ; halves ; Worth- ington, Tittle, Shepherd, Harris, Bigorse, Pollet, Green- halgh and EVAUS, torwards. Runcorn won the toss anel played with the sun in their favour, also with the benefit of a slight wind behind. Valentine started. The game became lively right off the reel. Jolly nc hved the ball out of the . first scrum, and a lot oe ground was gained by him. R. Valentine was hard prr-ssed. Allen came to his relief and kicked dead. Williams got cleverly away, but Swinton returned. Getting off a second time Williams secured good advantage. Farmer had a drop at goal which proved abortive. Valentine cleared with a huge kick. Houghton fielded the ball and made away, accom- plishing an effective run, to which Hamps m responded with a superb effart. Securing the ball from Valentine within his own 25 Hampson got away with marvellous skill, but losing ground in trying to round Houghton, Warder and D. Jones successfully overhauled him when a score seemed imminent. Hampson was loudly ap- plauded. Wilkinson and Warder were the next to shine, but the Swinton three-quarters were too keen on the taclee to allow of any liberties being taken. Runcorn pressed. A break away by Swinton came to grief at the feet of Houghton who cleared. H u;hton kicked over the visitors' line and so keenly followed up that Valen- tine had to touch dead. He received the kick-out and got away again but a pass forward spoilt the effort. Williams got hurt and hai to retire. Gayter took his place. Hampton got away, was collared and the scrum resulted in Allen getting posseseioe. He put in some tricky work. Play settled about midfield Farmer received and marked in a fair position. Jolley failed at goal. R. Valentine was again compelled to touch down. Excitesnent f Mowed in the Swinton quarters where play had settled. Shepherd saved by touching down. Bevan kicked in touch. A free kick was awarded against Swinton. As Farmer was taking the kick Williams returned with his knee bandaged, and possibly it was the reception accorded Williams that made Farmer miss. Hrroabouts, Rancor(' for wards did some startling things, and a lively thus was spent near the Swinton linos. A clearance was effected by R.Valentine from which Evans got away, Ramps ha received and made another magnificent attempt,exhibiting rare dash. An attempt by C. Butterworth came ro nought. From a scrim nice in the Swinton half, Jolley received and dropoed a beautiful goal—an event that was duly ap- plauded. Subsequently Swit.t on pressed, but Houghton cleared, and halt-time Came :—Runcgra,ono goal ;Swin- ton, nil. .

V dentine returned from the initial kick, and Warder was so awkwardly situated as to rind it necessary to kick over the stand. }Jameson began t rho troublesome and broke away with intrepid dash. Houghton checked him, and the venue of operations wag transferr€d. Houghton, later, almost lot Bevan in, evidently by tak- ine it a little too easy. As it happened, however, Bonn fell a little sort, and Savory pounced upon him before he could recover. D. Jones stuck to }lampoon, and it was well he did, for Hampson was always dangerous. S Walker, Darlingten, Warder. Messer, and Valentine be- came somewhat mixed up and a scrum resulted, Good play was noticeable on both sides ; yet the palm was due to the Ruacern forwards. R. Valentine let Runcorn in by conceeding a free-kick in a good position Farmer added another goal making Swin- ton'a chances of victory' look glum. After this Runcorn took no risks and played a judicious game. Worthing- toa was tackled and the reeree found it necessary to speak to Tomlinsoo. Valentine tried`two effective place- kicks at goal, but neither was productive of the neces- sary points. Both teams continued to play re- markably well and sloo wed no signs of digging. }lampoon was loudly applauded for a really dashing run. A passage at arms between Walker and V dentiee was the next item of interest and Jimmy had to hold himself hell. Shepherd got away and kicked over. Houghton received, and touched down just as Bevan came upon him. Jolley made a mark and relieved his side. Towards the close the game became very exciting, and although Swinton had at least oao good opportunity to score a goal,the final read as follows; Runcorn 2 goals (4 points) Swinton

===== 0002601_18981216_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE OUTRAGE AT ST. HELENS. A GIRL MURDERED.

It was in the district surrounding Park-road, Parr, that great excitement and indignation pre- vailed on Sunday when it gradually leaked out that early in the merning the body of a little girl named Sarah Flaherty, of 6, Black Horse-street, had been fouud lying dead in a field behind Park-road, amid surroundings which indicated that the girl had not only been the victim of a terrible outrage, but bad subsequently been done to death by suffocation. The ghastly discovery was made by a man named Greenall, residing in Lathom-street, and inquiries and investigations fully confirmed the worst fears as to the horrible nature (31' the crime, which had bean perpetrated during the preceding night. It appears that the little girl Flaherty,who would have been seven years of age next April, left her parents' houe on Saturday night to visit the home of her uncle, Mr. Peter Barker, residing in Park- road—a distance of about 150 yards away. The child had often gone thither to play with her cousins, and she reached there all right about six , o'clock. She remained for about three hours,when, on the advice of her brother Tom, a lad of 17 years rof age, she started to walk home. Park-road is one of the main, populous thorough- fares leading into the town from the Haydock and Parr districts, and particularly on Saturday night lis much frequented, and is in no sense a quiet or llonely-street. But, after leaving her uncle's house, 1 the little girl does not seem to have been again seen alive, except by her cruel murderer, and all , trace of her subsequent movements is for the pre- sent shrouded in mystery. As the girl did not arrive home the parents made inquiries from several neighbours, but as she had several times stayed overnight at her uncle's and her grandparents' houses very little anxiety was felt as to her safety. It was about eight o'clock on Sunday morning that Thomas Greenall, a collier, of Lathom-street, was : sauntering through the field when he saw the body ,of a child lying in a corner, at the farthest point from the backs of the houses in Park-road. Seeing that the child was dead and cold he at once gave an alarm, and it was early ascertained that the little girl was Sarah Flaherty. The police and par- ents were informed of the discovery, and the'father on visiting the spot, was horrified to find that the rumour which had reached him that it was his daughter was only too well founded. The father carried the body home, but shortly afterwards the Ipolice authorities had it remoied to the mortuary at the Town Hall pending a post-mortem examina- tion and the coroner's inquiry into the circum- stances surrounding the case. The field is situated behind the houses in Park- road, and was formerly used as a football ground by the old Park-road Association Club. It is cur- rounded by a chemical waste-heap " wall," broken down and dilapidated in many places, and was practically open to any one and everyone. In the meantime Chief Constable Wood and the officers under him instituted the closest inquiries and search, but up to a late hour on Sunday night no arrest in connection with the terrible affair had been effected. There is plenty of grass growing at the soot where the body was found, and there are no traces of any struggle. It is not known whether the crime was committed there, or whether the little victim met her fate elsewhere, and that her lifeless body was placed where it was found in order to add to the mystery surrounding her death. On Sunday afternoon an outline of the facts was communicated to the county coroner, who imme- diately ordered a post-mortem examination of the body, and this was made by Drs. Reid and Masson later in the day. Though the authorities decline to state the result of the examination,it is stated on reliable authority that the little girl was shock- ingly outraged, and that her death was due to suffocation.

THE INQUEST.-NO TRICE OF THE

MURDERER.

The inqucst was opened at St. Helens Town Hall on Tuesday before M. Samuel Brighouse,(County Coroner). The jury lint met at the Town Hall, and afterwards went, in company wirh the coroner, to the . mortuary at the rear of the building to view the body. The greatest interest centred in the proceedings, and, although ths morning was raw and foggy, a large num- ber of people assembled in trout of the Town The procee lings were delayed an hour leer than the time originally fixed. Mr. C. Ralshaw was tne foreman of the jury, no fewer than fifteen tradesmen having been empanelled. The witnesses an Dr. Reid were all prwent in good time. [ho jury having viewed the body, The C -ironer read the poUce report of th case which briefly entitled the story of the crime. Hs tin 1.1 said that he understool from Inspector Steele, who had charge of tho case, that on to the present they WPT3 not able to bring before the jury any person whom they could charge with having caused the death of the deceased, and he felt c rain they would understand that it was absolutely non ,es try that every care should be taken if possible to find the person who had caused the death of the decea 1, becauFe titer, was no doubt ab sot it that somebody had caused it. After taking the evi- dence of the facts and tho evidence of Dr. Reid, who had made a post-mortem he proposed to adjourn the inquiry. After some discussion he slirl he would adjourn the in- quiry until Thursday, the 29th inst., at 9.15 a.m. Ellen Flaherty, mother of the deceased, said hyr child was six years of age last April. On Saturday night wit- ness went shopping. On getting back to the house at 9-40 she found the child was missing, and searchrd for her until midnight. On Sunday morning she went searching for the girl again, and when she was coming back again she RAW the people bringing the child home, and fell down earning. She had no suspicion of anyone in connection with the death. Martin Flaherty, the gin's father, raid that on Satur- day night he was somewhat under the influence of drink. ' He went home and found his wife searching th I street about midnight, and took her into the house. They did not go out again till booming, when he was called and found the girl's body in the field. He had no sus- nicion as to who had committed the outrage. He sent for Constable Jackson and Dr. Gilloran. Thomas Flattert., brother, spoke to having sent his

===== 0002601_18981216_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

_ Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing V noble information to Ladies ,how all Irregularities may b .entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Safe. Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails." Thousands of Testimonials.-llr. W. If. BLANCHARD, Claremont House, laresraJ, Ds,:ston, Lonloa.

sister home from Mrs. Barker's at a quartar-past nine on Saturday night, tLis being the last rime ship was seen alive by anyone of her relativeg. He remained behind in Mrs. Barker's. There were a nuniCoor of people in the house, viz., Herbert Rowe, a young man, Rowe's brother's wife, and witnebs's sis:er. Herbert Rowe Wee a young man of eighteen. He worked at Robinson and . Cook's foundry, and lodged with Mrs. Barker. The Coroner : How far is it from Mrs. Barker's to Si Black Horse-street.

!nip ct-ir Seel: About 70 or 80 y udg. The Coroner (to witness) : It was rather late to send your sister home by herself. Witness said she was ix the habit of going backwards and forwards at night, but be had frequently taken her home.

In answer to the jury, witness said the young man Rowe was a companion of his. He kit Rowe still in Mrs. Barker's at ten o'clock. Witness then went up to. wards the Finger Posts, and saw Lis mother there, but she did not say anything about the g'rl b thig missing. Be (witness) was nearly eighteen years of age. The Coroner said he understood that after the girl left Barker's she was not seen again by anyone, so far as the police knew. Inspector Steel said that was so. _ _

Thomas Greenall, miner. 06, Lathcm-street, spoke to finding the body of the child bet wen half-past eight and nine o'clock on Sunday morning laqt. Deceased waif laid on her back, with her head on one side. Her right arm was straigLt by her side' and the left stretched out at right angles to the body. Be raised an alarm. THE MEDICAL EVIDENCE.—THE MURDERER'S

FINGER MARKS. Dr. James Reid said hesaw the child's body on Sunday naorning a: 11.30 at Black Horse-street. The face wag livid, particularly the lips, and tiere was dried blood about the lower parts of the body, and a patch of stain on the under garment. In the afternoon, along with Dr. Masson, he made a post-mot tern at the mortuary to which ho had rsqussted that the body should be removed. The body was fairly wal nourished, rigor mortis being well marked, and there were deep post* mortem stains on the back. On the left forearm on the 'outer Eide below the elbow there was a bruised patch about one inch in diameter. Immediately below this there was a recent crescentic excoriation about 3-16th of an inch in length. A little below that was a similar excoriation. There were some irregular shaped bruiser on the front and right side of the neck, and a large quantity of blood frothy and mucous flowt d from the nostrils. The doctor west on to detail the examination, which showed that an outrage of the most savage and brutal description bad been committed on the child by some man. The larynx was full of blood and froth, and lungs, brain, and all toe internal organs were deeply g este d. the StAin on the undergarment was bbod. etThohene cause of death was asphyxia. The Coroner : Bow do you think asphyxia wg, brought about? Do yo a think by violence applied tO the throat ? Dr. Reid : I think more likelx bs suffocation. There ar3 marks on the throat sh wring toat it had been forced back, but from thg internal signs and the condition of the larynx and so on, 1 believe she had been suffocated by:the mouth. The Coroner ; Are you able to say bow long the child had been deed?

_ Witness : S .tnewlizre about twebro or eighteen hours._

The Coroner : We knew the child left the house able at a quarter p ist nine. When do you think this hap. penel, to the best of your knowledge ? Witness : I shcrfld thlnk probably betvreen nine and ten o'clock the same night. The Coroner : Very shortly alt ? Witness : Yes. Tire Coroaer Bi fore midni4lit ? Witness : Yes ; I should think so, judging from the state I saw her in at the house.

Whom later said that he ought to say that the marks on the left arm were very clear, and showed that the arm had been grasped by someone's band. There were two clear marks or indentations, showing that the nailS of the person's hand load stuck into the flesh. The Coroner Fail he under,tool the police did not dea sire to offer any further evidence, but desired the ha., quest to be adjourned. Inspector Steele said that was the course they wished adopted. The Coroner said that he would therefore adjourn thA inquiry until Thursday, the 29:11 inst., at a quarter past nine in the morning; but if in the meantime any person was arrested charged with having causel the death oe the child he felt certaia that, although it might be in. convenient to the jury, they would not complain oe being called together a little earlier to investigate a case of death under such tragic circumstances. At the close of the proceedings, the coroner, in cam.' pany with Insoector Sr,eele, procee led to see the houses mentioned in connection with the tragedy and the place where the body was found.

43)

HUMAN

===== 0002601_18981216_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PETER COTTON.

ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Cantas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, Ac., Ao. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ac., fitted complete,

6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL PROFITS.

SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS

AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
T. DAINTITII,

GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES.

ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES

OF CYCLUS.

New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGB-SPRBitT, WARRINGTON.

Telephene No. 55. e : ROBERT LOWE,

ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed hist:Micas to the ma convenient premises.

NT .1.1 0. 1, BANK STREET, The tarouncl Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

OUR CIIAINLE.,S SAFETY

IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE,

SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1893 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN'. both for Quality and Finish. IN6PAUTION INVITED.

CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets.

Don't risk life an limb by buying rubbish, bat purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation.

LIBERAL CASII DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS.

QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOO'L.

WINSTANLP,Y, R P.C. REGTSTERED L.,ANITAItY PLUMBER, GLAZIKII AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, .PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON,

BEGS to intimate to kis Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Publ;c generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HBDGCOOK at King- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber, Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, em., where he hopes, by being more cer.trally situated, to further extend lais Business, and to merit a further share of the publics

patronage. N.B —A Good STOCK of tha latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Cholca Selection of wall papers and de2orations will be constantly on hand, ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

• T. BIHTLES, PHOTH4RAPHER, LEGrI 'HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST SPYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHT. CABINET PORTHAITS A SPECIALITY.

I

I I I . . . . . . . , . c 1 1 t , , , . , . . . , , I • . IA . • . . . , . .1 . . a . • r . 1 . ': I,' ; '' ' '' " !..' 'l';'. ' t • 1 • . .. r . .

•;.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Per Cent. OF

===== 0002601_18981216_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
AILMENTS

RESULT FROM A

===== 0002601_18981216_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
TORPID

LIVER

WEAK KIDNEYS.

WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the TAIVE/Z

• Believes and Removes tho Inflammation from the

li..ll=)Nl S by expelling the poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACID.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE

Rests on its Reputation.

BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL.

For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGREVE'S 'BALSAMIC ELIXIR

will not cure every complaint. But it has been proved by use for Seventy Years to be the most efficacious medicine for DISEASES OF THE LUNGS. TRY IT FOR _ -

COUGHS AND COLDS. In Cases of INFLUENZA which are associated with Pulmonary Symptoms much benefit has been experienced. 3n Chronic Bronchitis 8 fisthnia it affords decided relief in most cases. But the renown of this Medicine has chiefly been gained

by its success in

CONSUMPTION, or TUBERCULAR AFFECTIONS of the LUNGS. Interviews with Patients by Mr. Congreve's Com- missioner, are published fortnightly in many Religious Weekly Newspapers. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post tree for is., smaller edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, 5.11. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be iutd of an btedietne Vendomill bottles at 1/li, 2/9, 401 and family bottle' at 111- and 221-.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG WII wounds that discharge or otherwise, pe rhau surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If 80, under the skin you have poison that defies ail the remedies you have tried, which. if not extraote d, you Slaver can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. j Perhaps your knees are swollen, the oints being uloe rated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if silo wed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may Lave Mended various hospitals ae d had medical advice, and been told your ease is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because Others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBUM', 73, FARRINGDoN-BTREET LONDON, and you will receive a bolior GRASSHOPPER 01NTHENT AND PILT,Qt which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Bease- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols) ael hands, Bunions.

letered (Jopytight.)

A REAL BOON TO LADIES. TO Especially to those who wish to know of a LADIES. 70 sate, certain, and speedy remedy for all LADIES. TO irregularities and obstructions, a remedy LADIES. To which under the most trying circum. LADIES. 70 stances and in the most difficult and LADIES. TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES. 70 NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES. TO RELIEF, LADIES. 70 GENEItALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES. TO LADIES. TO No case hopeless, failure is simply im. L.-DIES. 70 passible, as Mrs. Snow. of Denmark Hill, LAI: ''S. 70 Camberwell, writes: LA [HES. TO anxiety adaptingan ise your as troevatemr envt itnitny hi LADIES. TO twenty-four hours, misery for over three LADIES. TO months I had been daily taking pills and LA DIES. To other things in vain. 'fall the quantity L ADI FS. you sent proved; effective, to my intense LADIES. Au joy and surprise. TO LADIES. TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES. TO testimonials and medicine, which is Its LADIES. n,r, expensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, LADIES. ''-' 4a. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any case. TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES. TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES To e,velope. LADIES. 70 LADIES. Write privately to— TO LADIES. TO 'r LADIES. 70 MRS. E. W• ALLEN. LADIES. TO LADIES. TO LADIES, TO LADIES. TO LADIES TO LADIES

145, STOCKWELL ROAD, LONDON. S.W.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
. -

CJIIIIZLY comae: ICA. imnistr,.___ ze, 'OBFTRUCTIONS, and relieve the clistreesing evizptivis V preva/ent .r. :A the rex. Bo 7 ts,l,ili & 2/0 (eonts,ins throe times the , liemists. V exit anywhere en receipt Zlanufacturrat rham. Bowe, ' renret,,K.

Send to . . • RAY & NI 1 B.ES, L.ltrepcscol For Illustrated Price List of

_Jsef,l; quantity), of all of 15 or 34 stamps, by Dryden St., Nottiagl. of Inzi./tirmß, in!unew art,t

===== 0002601_18981216_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
tiCE CtiFITM S

_ Best Va.iipa In Enolnna.

J FOR W-EAR ES3I-,.TING 1 r CS SOLES. 1233 SAN STx3 & FIANCHESTER ROAD (Opposite School Brow)S . ,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
‘MMUMMENNIN

, 16 — --- . 4 ~',• r,...*,,,,..,0:;1••,,, ~. - --.• s:i t f.- ‘,• , , dOl4 . 4.4 it .%. -54,.* ;OW' x•• i oi , , ..,,,.. .y „...11.4,, P. 4) 4•• . „4. , r , , , BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

FRIDA Y DEC EMBER

;, 1898

POSTAL I FORMATION

rosT OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF IVEHIT-DAY DESPATCHES.

- showing the time to which a Letter can be post e with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows

2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Darcsbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Bentley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, otratton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and

. , . -B.E:Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales. and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, awl the Isle

Ma _ 10-10 a.m,—Mancheater, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and

Ireland. MO a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and

Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 am.—London. S.-Ea,tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and

Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Both, Bristo Ifteter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Aoncheste Bast Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland. W,gan

- 'Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport. Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sand bach 2-45 p.m. —Frodsharn, Frodsham Bridge, lielsby, Widnes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn, and Pi ewchutch, Newton-le

Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m:—TowDlivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Pad gate

and Bewsey 3.15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, Bast Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, 11.-B. Lancashire, and West Cumber-

land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Lir. rDool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle ot Man, and Scotland 10_30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Pei ts —lO-45, extra Half penny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern. ad South Counties, and Foreign ioetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except ThursdAys when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended.

EARLDSTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE POSTMASTER

Iligh-st., Newton Mr.Jaates Jordan

Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte flee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Teleraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. -^ Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m„ and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30. and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the ti eto which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Ordinary Postage.

mems.

Extra id. Stamp

5-0 a.m.

..;et 1.4.13,;V7,-,,. „:,s,‘, ::,..t.o.,„TAD. n,,,,, 70 II , 4.-i ...ao . .. .14.4./ c• ..!,e,'..0424''' ,c, ,c,.., '‘l'i", , I•',. , • ,h.,,,, i ', ' „A ".11' ' r 40.., , ,A.,,,..,,,, „.., ..,,,,,,,4, ,„,,:„....„., ~.,,,, 1.1#4 4i't ""'-' :" •

... \ ss,' •:,\,i,,, , , \ , t , Tt 1 4....',...., i , ',, - :, fj ...,., . \::•''''' ,iZ??,11::• :.^ • I j

===== 0002601_18981216_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30

===== 0002601_18981216_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.

in Steng Silver Illustratal Book 0. Ptnorn FaCtCrY • $ Q,c,tjaiii -.4 74--Thokondily CTORIAL AN°FoRTE ToR '4itaes, harden 0 gives to the T {lfni fragrAltre The Pictorial tutor Descrlrtive Prospectus -A- The most r ~. per jar or being published at Nett p sent Post Free on application markable .t cheap td perfumers. - Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Music" Office, est book ever published. anybook or niusi, sellerunders/- 20, Ludgate Hill, London, 8.0. The Pianoforte simplified.

Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. If Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, &c., post free. &64, LUDGATE HILL, EC. ; 25 OLD BOND ST Yir

FLORILINIi THE TEETH AND FIRE.Cri cleanses the teettl from all parasites or imp the gums, prey._ ets tarmr. .tops decay. teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a deligl to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, Or the Florilir,, " Powder," of all Chemists are dv •

28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C,, LONDON;

NET POST U FREE

WORTH A GUINEA ttON..

===== 0002601_18981216_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

DECEMBER FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge--I ID 740 8 23, 10 20,11 35,1 23, 2 56, 5

. . 535, 720 Sndaysio 11 am. Altaar and HillhouBe-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 9 36 2 5,8 55. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L N.-W.) a 2 58.13 23, 710,10 20, 120. 1 25 25, 5 20, 720. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aklondays excepted. b Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 958, 11 55, 12 55, 3 13, 5 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529.5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50,6 28, 850 Sundays 343. 60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 956,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, I 6 28,8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 '(5,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14,al 25 a 6 43, a 7 17, I a 9 20. Sundays 843 a.m..5 15.7 57, p.ma iaturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37s m, 529,5 45.11 50. 12. 25, 1 55, 6 28. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1. 40,2 15, 2 20,3 16 , 4 22.511,6 4, 7 44, 1014, 1132. SundaysB 443 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 5. 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7. 1 55, 3 40. 5 20, 6 333 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-al 53, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 1 5 20, 6 22,7 20,11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5.11 35.aMond aye I excepted. sMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 1225, 220. 3 15, 5 11,6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 1, 8 43. 953, 11 55.12 20, 12 55, 411, 50, 605 , 1152. Sundays 515 p.m. Earlestomn-7 5.8 10,8 35,925, 10 10,110, 127, 1225, 1 55, 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry Bc, Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 2 20, 520,6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48,2 40, 80. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5, 1023. 12 25. 220. 3 15. 4 22,5 11. 6 4 7 44, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garaton (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 831. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 40, 70, 80. b 9 40, 910 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 955. 11 25,2 39,.7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 529. 956, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, a 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 1 55, 3 50, 5 20, 7 17 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Ureen-7 12, 7 57, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15. 40. 60, 70, 80, b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 11 25, 2 39, 918. aSaturdays only sSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Caciishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18. 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35,9 0, 955 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 222, 3 38, 4 11,5 18, 6 13, 7 8, a 7 4, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 3, 812. aSaturdays only.. Liverpool (L. a:, N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, 5 33. 75, 8 10, 835 9 25, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 5 20, 78, 7 40, 10 30. Sundays 35, 510, 530, 8 35, 843, 5 10. 60, 954. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level platform)-7 33, 815, 10 9 1153, 155. 3 20,5 20, 6 17,8 0, 948. Sundays 848. 2 40, 760 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 120, 13, 1 8,2 15, 40. 6 18.? U. 80, b 9 4J 10 25 1046. 11 39 Sundays 9 0,9 55,11 25, 239. 71.0,9 18, 10 18,10 33, bexcept Saturdays. London kL. 3: N. W.) -2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5, 5 20, 622, 11 34. . undays 2 58, 10 15, 45, 11. 35,51Iondays excepted. a Mondays only. London (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958, 1255, 50,6 55, 11 52 . suudays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 53,10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 3 36, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 72, a 7 40. 921. Suudays 50, 38 1 12. aSaturdays only I Manchester (L. d N.-W.) 720, 7 55, 8 30, 8 57.9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35. 49, 6 10, 7 5. 9 25,11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, 11 40. From High Level Plattorm. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 23 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49. 1 14, 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 7 8, 9 27, Sundays 8 50. 3 8, 812. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 9Z,9 55 10 55, 11 23,11 55, 1255. 155, 2 55. 3 55, 4 05, 5 55, 6 55 7 1.0. 7 55, 813, 8 55, 915, 955, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, '1 18, 9 35. 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 20. 2 556, 5 355.7 ZO.Haturdays only. Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15

a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 8 10 8 35,9 19,925,10 20.10 40,10 55,11 0,1214.12 25.115,1 55,3 30 348, 4 21,5 20, 6 537 17,9 20. 950, 1030. Sundays 310. 7 0. o 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50,5 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cAI days excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 55,8 2,8 40,10 23, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 2 40 355.528,7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 Preston-237, 529, 545, 8 gb. 9 55, 1150, 12 25, 3 50, 450, 6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,n9 55. Sundays, 237. 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.8 25. 9 45, 11 53, 155, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5. 12 011 8, 2 15, 258. 4 0,5 29. 6 0, 7 0. 80. 9 21, n 9 40, 510 25. 10 46, Sundays 90, 1125. 239, 855. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. cliondays only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -846, 1055, 1255, 155, 655. Sundays 937 a.m. 515, St.Helens-5 32, 75, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 3 40,5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 835.8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)--7 11, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 35, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22, 338, 411, 5 18, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 15 5, 11 5, 120, 1 8, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 60. 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 240,80. Wigan-2 37, 5295 45,7 5,3 33,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 55 33, 3 56, 4 50, 520. 623, 7 17,8 50.9 43,9 55. Sunday, 2 37, 8 43. 3 35. 6 0. 9 5a

TO WARHIN(4TON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45. 11 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, 1 20, 830 Sundays 755, 442. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8, 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 850,9 10, 12 25, 2 0 725. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 742, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 545 660. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0,11.19. b ept Mondays. I Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 347, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45. 955, 10 35, 11 40, 1 40, 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 12, 7 35, Blackpool (Central) -65, 725,7 55, 8 25, 855, 1U 10,10 20 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 10,4 58, 5 5, 6 50. 8 15, 108 Sundays 7 10, 115, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 755. 835, 940, 10 30.12 30, 2 15,4 15, 5 10, 5 55,7 25, 835,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 66, 9 25 p.m.aSatur- days only Carlisle-.12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 422, 5 55, 730 Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 430, 841, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a.'( 25,8 45, 9 40, 10 12,10 50,11 40, 1 50, 2 10, 3 0,3 5. a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635.7 35, 8 10. Sundays 2 32, 4 35, 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 1024, 11 24. 14, 143, 22, 3 10,4 6.5 38,6 23,7 47, 96, 1046. Sundays 8 10. CM 4. rewe- 2 1. 455, 6 0,6 30,8 13,9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 223, 21 35, 415, 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 710, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 1017, 11 27. 2 47, 6. 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15. 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, aIZ 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 665, 3 35. aßxcept Mondays. Rarlestown-6 51, 846. 9 32, 16, 3 11. 55. 5 33, 6 30, 7 33, 8 3 9 15, 1152, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 7 18. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 2 9, 3 27, 53, 6 2.6 64,9 14. Sundays r 2, 257, 52. Frodsham-7 55, 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 4 12 0, 12 66. 2 11. 35, 4 55, 59, 5 56, 667, 124 93, Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 1010. 21, 555. Simdayss 50, 9 s,aMondays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 282 41, 441, 5 30,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 940. 75. 'dough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99,13 3, 1055, 19, 1 50. 222 13 19, 6 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 13. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3 26, 455,9 4 9 10. 1 Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 10 69. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 14, 840. 934, 102. 11 17. 120. al 45. 213 30, 4 22, 8541. 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5,12 0, 20. 40, 52, a 9 15. 12 0, Sun ays 120, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 50, 4 14, b 5 33, 5 1.9,' 641. 741, zr 33, 11 19. Sundays 515, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 1 Manchester (L & 14.-W.)-6 30,7 23, 7 55,19 28, 10 38, 12 38, 5, 3 43,a5 8, 5 23, 68, 7 10, 90. Sundays, 7 34, 1 44, 634 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50, 9, 25, 10 35, 123 5. 20, 340. b 55. 520,66, 75, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 530 1 40, b3aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 3J, a 9 5, 9 30, 9 35,10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30: 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30,4 48 5 30,6 .3u, 6 38,7 30, 8 30,8 33. 9 55, 1) 0, alo 30, 11. 0. Sun- days 8 30, 9 10,9 30, 10 40,1 40.2 5, 6 35,8 20, 9 40, aSatur- daycouly. Middlewlch -6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 66,96, 11 14,12 17,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 58 New ton 6 55. 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 109, 1022, il2, 11 30 12 48, 1 0,1 28, 5 49, 6 27.7 30. 8 5,9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 32,37, 4 7, 4 58, 510. 635. Sundays 8 3J, 9 49, 10 0, 3 40, 720.11 5. Padgate 748,826,90. 506 1 9.250, 3 12a, 5 181 7 3,9 25. Sundays 853. 1120, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,a6 25, 8 15, 95 9 26, 10 10,11 28, 12 15, 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 40, 6 45. 7 27, 8 30, 9 45, 11 0. Sundays 2 9, 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. a Moiplays excepted. Runcorn 8 39, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 33, 125,32, 440 541 6 30, 8 10. Sankey-6 53, 766, 8 31, 926, 1020. 11 24,12 36, 1 36, 136 2 40, 3 44, 435, 521, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 150 40. 67, 925. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55. 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 65. I{elens-6 30,8 42, 11 2U. 1 25, 2 46, 430, 650, 8 20, Sand. y 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 5, 10 20, 11 15,12 53, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 810 95, 9 40. Sundays, 90, 20,10. Ihelwall-8 1.0, 8 36, 930. 9 58, 1113, 1 15, 1 41,2 9, 2 55, 4 18, 5 37, 63, 646, 7 45. 9 37, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29, 720. Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 23, 916, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 12 2, 1 30, 3 25. 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16, 7 55, 9 3 11 42, a Sun- days 842, 333, 5 0, 9 10. 920, a Saturdays only Widnes (L. & N. W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33, 1033. 1216, 1259, 22,320.356,50, 555. 646, 96. 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 7 54, 11 6.

NOTE On Chrißtmas Day the Trains will run as appoin tea for Sundays, with certain additiois, and on Bank Holiday. Monday. December 26th, a number of the Week-day Trains will be withdrawn.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
-

WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY.

"THE MAGISTRATE" AT TilE ItOYA

COURT THEA TRE.

Mr. A. W. Pinero's farce, " The Magistrate " ha been played with marked success by the Warringtc Dramatic Society at the Royal Court Theatre, las week. Performances were given oft the evening of Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, and the fac that the proceeds were in aid of the fends of th Warrington Infirmary, combined with the popu larity of the society, was the cause of very larg audiences assembling. We must again compliment the society on th able manner in which they have catered for th taste of the Warrington theatre-goers.his sell_sam taste is not very exacting, perhaps liecause it hi few opportunities of experiencing ths highast clef drama, bet we can Say that Warrington people t! , know how to ex cuse slight imperfections and ai preciate with g,r eat heartiness the hest of what put before them. And this is what tl ' dwellers in large cities whose drarsatic taste ' better educated are incapable of doitig. We do fl suppose that the Warrington Dramatic society la any claim to per fection, at any rate it is not e pected, but the society is entitled to feol proud• the histrionic ability possessed by such a large nue ber of its members. Last year '"the Private sec tary " was performed with brilliance, everythit considered,and the standard set then has been No maintained throughout the vveek.On the first no Wednesday, there was an air of apprehension bah- ing over the proceedings which suggested th' practice and rehearsal had not been attended wi the best success, but before the curtain fell mu' of the nervousness had worn off and the whole cof pany was acting with confidence and capabilit First nights are first nights everywhere, and it ' better to judge the artistes by their Work at a lai stage. On Thursday and Friday everything w satisfactory and free from hitch, and takin4 tl three performances together it will be gemral admitted that " The Magistrate was ably ince prated by the Warrington Dramatic society. Mr. and Mrs. Posket are the principal figures i this story of "the family skeletov and as sue demand the most attention. Mrs Jetties Faircloug bee, in former years. won golden opinions by ht natural, polished acting, but we think she nevi appeared to better advantage than as the twin married Mrs Posket. The part involves a ler s amount of excitable dialogue, and is rendered dPi cult to sustain by the false and unenviable positioi into which Mrs Posket's subterfuge has placed hei But Mrs. Fairclough appears quite at home in he role, and makes Mrs Posket'e troubles and vieissi tudee appear very real. a;r Alfred Woode,probahl the most popular amateur in Warrington dromat circles has a most congenial task in p,rsonatieg M Posket, the stern magistrate, but docile husban ' and weak father. He keeps the audience in con tinuous merriment—Mr. Posket's adventure, them- selves are enough to do that—and makes the most of a part which lends itself to embellishments sif the farcical kind. Mr. Woods is really superb in the closing scenes at the Police Court, where he sentences his relations to seven .daye, and at home where he is meek and silent before the recrimina- tions of his wife, As Cis. Farrinaden, Mr, Sidney Wahhead could not be improeed upon. Be is natural in his actions and conversatiou ; altogether his representation of the fast Pang man is true to life. There is a sort of inherent energy and boisterousness about Mr. Wallhead's acting which finds full sccpe in the character of Cis. Farringdon. Mr. C. ILW ood is also Well suited in the part of Colonel Lukyn, a particularly trying one, for the gallant Colonel has to put a bold face on some awkward situations, and finally v eets into a really apoplectic, towering rage. le' there is no straining after effect, Mr. Wood apPare'ltly feeling all be experiences and says. Of the remaining lady artistes Miss Katie Brundrett is the chic., r and is always graceful and charming in herer°ln of Char- lotte Verrinder. whose course 01- true lave is not of the smoothest. Capte'a Llorace Vale is Miss Verrinder's coinl3,Bollri char- acter, and the somewhat indolent d super- cilious army officer is capitally repres by alr. Henry Mosley, who is equally successlN as Wyke, servant to Mr. Posket. Miss Maggie role:taint made her debut on the stage in the part of e-tie Tomlin- son, and displayed a confidence au", ttLse which ehould stand her in good stead in this 'lltare, Pop- ham, the maid, is a role which suit,B'.„liss Lucie Wenham, and her interpretation of ib liright and vivacious. Mr. T. J Hulse had a couP"lf porta to interpret, and was equally good as t'.leastbniatic and fiery Mr. Bullamy, and the arboe...broprietor of the Hotel des Princes." The Magistramis a piece abounding in minor carts, and in tbese younger members of the Society shone, MesBll3ll. Well- head, W.B. Broughall, Perey Wood, It euiselves li and B. Fairclough, junior, all acquitted admirably. The Theatre was lent for the occarios prietors, who also Supplied all the during the performance.

n`ea

the Pro- ry uaed

===== 0002601_18981216_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18981216_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 .. 8-0

===== 0002601_18981216_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown .

SUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton-1 Newton Common ' (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiow (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction..., Church-st., Gelborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVBRIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, •zouthport Pr,seot, Wigan, Orm s- kirk Whin z & Earlest own Limdon, Foreigx, and the South cliand Counties & South Wales Preston, Norh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland illasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, eastern Counties, Sc LaiicasiLre Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London Ss Foreign, South, and d - Eastern Counties..

===== 0002601_18981216_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18981216_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am,, 12 noon, 2 &

7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m And 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nll. 10-15 a.m

from the Receiving Office at Rath ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the earn

FOLLOWS :-

I To I Callers.

By Postmen. 7-0 a.n.,

.7 a.m. 10-30 10-45 , 111-30 „ }ll-4b

12-0

k 2-16

===== 0002601_18981216_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
2-lo .. } 3-15 .

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18981216_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil Nil.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18981216_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 al.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN

WHO ARE

WEAK

• TOOTHACHE AND i. NEURALCIA CURE. In bottles. is. 10., of all Chemists tr or Post Free from Manufacturer, _:. A. B ROBINSON. ld L.D.S. R.U.S. London, Surgeon-Dentiet 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool. - _ FT'

PATENT GALVANIZED - 1-TRESSES & BEDSTEADS.

C”rilage Paid, and Lib,rral Cask Discount allowed.

"Inxsl oartml , . Mr

WOOD, 'EE

)s 1 WIRE MA. JARA.TED iR FIVE yEARg - T 0,411-1 • gni I 11111111

===== 0002601_18981216_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
250 PAGES

(Full Music Size.) Contains 70 Illustrations and over 250 Songs Dances, Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
EBCHA ,s

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS :)ISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipatien,

leak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Discrdere,d Liver and Fe, ,a% Ailmmts.

Prepared'. only by the Proprietor' THOMAS BEECHAM. St. Helens, Lancashire, in bc.l7e!,, and'2s. 91. each, with full directions. .olet everywhere.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
A at *.• • rok. .1 \?. RI ED ‘, 13. st th tid 3 /4. 2,,P 1.34 15 Ai MOW 19 'CI t• .1;‘ .46 -s"

WITId a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18981216_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS/ as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE =ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

NZ/IE2N.FCXII4I9

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

Never be without a bottle of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence in the house. All Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment.

s '

z.- ..L.....,,,.- - - .i..; .. "li-gri.,A: •-, ..; j•-: 7;!,, 'aT-7, I, , ...: , . •e- ~„„.. , ........ :MA1:2717: reps: 1

===== 0002601_18981216_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Pin*" 4

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTION'S SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.•

===== 0002601_18981216_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTONz

I"'r

===== 0002601_18981216_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , e

===== 0002601_18981216_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IS

b

===== 0002601_18981216_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
VISIT OF 111 R. HENRY BROAD- HURST, MP., 'CO WAR- RINGTON. ENTHUSIASTIC LIBERAL MEETING IN PARR HALL. At the Parr Hall, Warringtm, Mr. Henry Broadhurst M.P., was the principal ape ater at a meeting held wider the auspices of the Warrington. Liberal Aesoziatien. There WAS a crowded attendance, and much enthusiasm display( d. The proceedings were presided over by Mr. John Crosfield, J.P., and he was supported on the plat- form by a large number of ladles and gentlemen includ- ing Rev J Yoga, E J Gia st, J. P., Hey. W H Drum- mond, Thomas Birchall, J.P., Robert Garnett, J.P., A H Cresfield,CapSain Redger, alderman B Roberts,J.P. Councillors Plumpton, James Evans, J Shaw Green, J Wilkinson, A Petcock, F R Roberts. D S Duncan, D Tin- nion, L Edison, Messrs. Jackson Holmes, Mountfield, Joseph Owen, Dr. Gonna, J.P., Stranee, C E Parker, William Furness, T B Malkin, Dale, A Corney, A Rsthbon, F Dixon, F Brown, Thomas DAs, William Jeffery, G Albinson, H Hill, J W Bouchier, T H Granger, W Isaac, C Healey, E Plinstoa, J W Jeffery, M Butterfield, H Rathbone, Bate, J Longland. C Loegehaw, A Downs, R Travis, T Hawthorne, Crosskill,W E Pliastm, T Smith, T Dale, and John Clayton. Letters of apology had ben received from Mr. Ziba Armitage J.P., the Rev J S Matthews, and Councillors W Pierpoint. F W Monks Messrs. J Platt J P, C J M orris JP,Mr J Car Liston, Bleier 7 Thornton, Lient. George Crosfield, Rev William Potts, Fether H B Polding, Rev J T Schofield, T B Carter, J C Young, A H Lee, Peter Caldwell, Joseph Hughes wed others. The CHAIRMAN said he had a pleasing duty tre perform; that was to introduce to them his fr.end Mr. Br cad. burst, M.P. (Cheers.) He was what was called a work- ingmen member of Parliament —(cheers)—ind was a very fine representative of the workingmen. (Cheers.) He was respected in the House of Commode—and justly respected—because he possessed the cornmonsence of not attempting to speak upon any subject in the House when he was not thoroughly acquainted with it. (Laughter. He (the chairman) had not much acquaintance with the House of Commons, and he had no desire to have any acquaintance with it. (Laughter.) But be believed the House disliked extremely a man who was constantly getting on his feet end attempting to talk about a sub- ject which he didn't understand. They had a little of that to complain of somethnes in their own local Perna- ment—(laughter) —and he often wished that the speeches they had to listen to there were condensed to abut one third or one quarter of their length. (Renewed laugh- ter) He now wished to call their attention for a few minutes to a speech delivered on the 18:h N member in Manchester by the Right El mane:able-3e cane 1 —Joseph Chamberlain. (Hisses). In his opinion tee proper title for that gentleman would be Dis-Honoerable and not Henour- able. (Laughter). Mr. Ch imberlain had the audacity and impudence to say th-at it was Mr. Disraeli who laid the seals of the docttine in " Sybil," and distinctly put before the Conservative party as the object of their future policy, that while .ainting aside those revolution- ' ary or censtitutional changes they should make them- selves the meurhpiece of the-popular feeling in favour of social and 4smstc reform. Although Mr. Disraeli found the party under his guidance slow to educate, yet undoubtedly they made progress under his guidance and under the subsequent guidance of men like Lord Ran- dolph Churehill they had now arrived at a position in which they :might fairly claim that it was to their legislation that the greatest of the social reforms now expressed in the Statute book of this country were due. (Laughter.) He (the chairman) thought that was a stagger( r when he read it. (Laughter.) He had lived long enough to know what the Liberal party had done and what the Tory party had done. Even before his time if they turned to the year 1832 ths great reform of Lord John Russell was certainly a Liberal measure. What happeced then in the House of Lords ? The whole of the Tory benches were empty; there wasn't a single one present he hear the till read. And that was one of the greatest social reforms that was ever carried in this country, (Cheers.) Since then they had seen the stamp duty taken off newspapers, which had enabled the working class to get a penny paper containing all the news of the weed. The Tory party resisted it as much as they could. They didn't want the English working- man to be educated. Then that great leader of theirs —Mr. Gladetone—(cheers)—freed from duty over twelve hundred articles; that were imported into this country ; duties that had then imposed by the Tory landlords when they had the whole power of the country in their hands. The landlords cared for nobody but. themselves.: (Laughter.) They wanted to protect their own pockets and the people were to pay. (Hear, hear.) In his opinion every great measure of social reform had been passel by the Liberal party with tee exception of Disraeli's bill in 1867 when he reduced the franchise to household suffrage, on purpose, as he called it" to dish the Whigs." (Laughter). That was really the only good social reform that he could remember as being passed by the Tories. And yet, Mr. Chamberlain had the audacity to say that it was the Conservative party that they had to thank for their social reforms. He wondered Mr. Chamberlain didn't choke. (Laughter.) What had that great statesman done? He had given them a Compel:nation Bill—one of the most iniquitous things that was ever passed through the House ot Com- mons. No Liberal Government would have passed that. Mr. Chamberlain eared nothing for the employers of labour ; but he took good care to stop before he got to the agricultural labourers. (Laughter.) He was afraid of offending the landlords. He cared nothing about toe manufacturers of Lancashire and Yorkshire. He was playing for his own hand and thought he would catch the votes of the working-classes by bringing in the Com- pensation Bill—("tot ")—but he was deceived. And there were plenty of Tories who did not like i hat measures. One of them was Lord Londonderry who condemned him in (the strongest language for br.ne'ing in such a measure as that. In 1835, when Mr. Chamberlaia was a member of Mr. Gladstone's government he started a campaign in the country with an unauthorised programme which he had never shown to Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Chamberlain made three great speeches on it r one at Birmingham. one here at War- rington—Some of them remembered him, he dareseet— and one at Inverness. When Mr. Chamberlain came to Warrington they asked him to avoid two particular questions which they did not want talking about. Mr. Chamberlain selected those two questions and none other when he made his speech. (Laughter.) He simply smashed them in Warrington with his speech. (Laugh- ter.) Ile (the Chairman) had wished him many a time since at Jericho. (Laughter.) For the last 15 years Mr. Chamberlain had been thirsting to be the Prime Minister. That was his object when he started the cam- paign in the country in 1835. He thought he could trip Mr. Gladstone up but lee found the "grand old man" was too strong for him. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Chamberlain 101 l upon his own back and Could stop there 'for the rest of his life so far as he (the Chairman) was concerned. The Tory party did not trust him to-day. They would not have him ; and he thought he was speaking the voice of Lancashire Liberals when he said that they would not have him. (applaueen They would never take Joseph Chamber- lain back into their ranks they might depend upon it. Thirteen years ago he (the chairman) said publicly that the " Times" newspaper wa3 the biggest liar in England (Laughter.) He was told he would catch it for that ; there would be an action for libel, he was told. He re plied :hat the " Times" could bring an action to- morrow. When Mr. Gladstone introduced his Horns Rule measure the "Times" callcd them separatists. It was a lie. (Hear, hear.) They never were separatists and they were not to-day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Cham- berlain called himself a Liberal Unionist. He was cer- tainly not a Liberal; he hadn't an atom of Liberalism in him,and was no more a Unionist than he (the chairman) was. He was neither a traitor nor a turncoat. (Cheers.) If Mr. Gladstone had only called that Home Rule bill a national County Council bill it would have been carried and would have been existing to-lay. Whet had the Tory party done just now? They had introduced a keel government measure in Ireland. It was a stepping stone to a central council in Dublin. (Hear, hear.) Whet was wanted was that the Irish people should be able to pass Bills for making rail- ways, canals, harbours, or things of that sort which were necesmry for the country without being obliged to take their witnesses to London in order to pass them through the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) The object was to relieve the English House of Commons of that work and let the Irish people do it for themselves. (Cheers.) As for the idea of separation the Liberals never dreamed of it. They never wished it or wanted it and therefore it was a lie to say they were separatists. (Cheers.) The people of this country would find it out some day. Many thought tree Liberal party was all in pieces. They might chuckle, but there was bone and sinew and power in the Liberal party that they didn't dream of. (Hear, hear.) He held that the Liberal • party in England was the backbone of the country. (Hear, hear.) They were perfectly loyal subjects ; they only desired the welfare and prosperity of the people. (Cheers.) It was exactly the very opposite that the Tory party sought for. The Terkel wished to protect their own pockets ; they didn't ears for the people of this country, and Mr. Chamberlain would not be ac- cepted by the Tories, and would never be Prime Minis- ter of England as long as be lived. (Applause.) The REV. JOHN YONGE then moved the following reso- lution e " This meeting offers a cordial welcome to

CADBURY'S COCOA, on the testimony, of the Lan ed " represent a the standard of highest purity. It is extirely free from all foreign substances, such as kola, malt, hops, Ac., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the illustrated London News writes : " Cocoa is in itself a perfect food, and requires no addition ov drugs whatever.' CADBURY'S Cocos. is absolutely pure, and should be taken' by old and young, at all times and in all seasons; for Children it is an ideal teverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sol 4 may in packets and Pine.— ( 3)

===== 0002601_18981216_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18981216_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
` •

===== 0002601_18981216_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Henry Broadhurst Egg., M.P., sand congratulates him upon his high principles awl successful political career, and invites him to give a full exeressioa of his opinions upon trie po3ition and prospects of th, Littered party in the country. It also trusts that Mr. Breeselherst's pre- sence moat help to rally the Liberals in Warrington ti Zealous loyalty to the principles o Lib eralisTn, and to s:and reedj to give a succeterel dernonetration of this upon any Lithe° occ ision." In doin eso toe rev gentleman cengretulated the leaders of tee Liberal party upon the sign of life which was exhibited in the h tiding of that meeting. It was a very long while since a meeting of ,1 that descripti tn was called tegetier by the leaders of 1 the Liberal party. Fle thought he would not be wrong if he were to say that the principal honour of sustainine 11 Lib irsl principles in Warrington in a public way had 1 been with the VVomee'e Liberal Association. (Hear, hear.) He [nought tit at wLS at least the first pablie Liberal meeting which had be en held within those walls, and he theraiere th ought they were nt to consecrate Parr Hall to one of the best and highest purposes for which it could be used. (Hear, heir.) He sincerely trusted that that was but the first of a greet number oC meetings for the advocacy of Liberalism wnice wouie be held within those walls. (Heir hear.) They were ail exceedingly glad to meet tnere and give a crdial wel e Wale to Mr. Broadhurst. (applau.e.) He was one of ehese men whom most of thorn ;he was aen tre of the people.—(hear, hear.)—(A. Voice .He is not a Trades Unionist.)—Mr. Yoage : I don't know that he is any the worse for that.—(Eleer, hear.)—Oon- tinning, he said they might say he WAS a di,tinct arid wort iy product of the Liberal principles oi the country. (Hear, heir.) He was a man—inl it was to his unspeakable honour—who had risen Irma the ranks. (Hear, hear.) Men rose in a greet number of ways,but Mr. Broadhurst was one of these man who had risen 'from the ranks by sheer industry, fidelity to principle t and conscience, and devotedaess to what was true and I right. (Cheers.) Therefore, personally, he rejoiced in Mr. Broldhurst's presence upon that account. He did not think Mr. Broadhurst would coasid T it offensive if he said that be had had a hint in some very notable works in this country. He (the sp saker)believed it was the late Mr. edcMinaiee who told nim that Mr. Broad- hurst had a hand in the building of the Thames embank meat—one of the noblest and finest works of the cen- tury in the metropolis of this country. (Hear, hear.) Sinceethen, as mernb ir of Parliament, representing to a large extent the working-classes of the country, he hal taken his full share in many other noble political aehieeemente. (Cheers ) Mr. Broadhurst stood well with his fellow men and as the chairmen had said, he was Will respected in the House of Commons, aid was tempered with officte tied er a Liberal government—in honour he trusted be might receive yet again. (Cheers). Hi 3 career was sae upon which he was to be heartily congratulate 1, and he weuld go further and say ih at Mr. Broetlearst's career was a model worthy of iini.Ation by we kogn n ‘er ) The working men who did his le :el bear, Wral informed his mini, kept himeelf abreast of tee times in knowledge 1 and gained the respect and confidence of his fellows might find his way to the Hausa of Commons and win, the national regard. (Cheese.) Oae almost wondered that Mr. Broalhurst, Was not a Cmeervitive, b c tuse the Tory party always posed as the special friend of - the working-classes (Laughter.) Seeing how many ' working men there were in VVarringtoa who, at every political election voted blue they might almost fancy that! the Tory pirtywes the friend of tee working-classes. When he heard of a Tory werkingmae he felt compelled ' to look upon him as a person who was altogether forget- fal of history and untrue to his obligations. It was a simple matter of fact that iR nearly every Case legisla- tion which had helped workingmen heed come frern the Liberal party. (Cheers.) Anything which the Toree had done hai been done because they had got the in. spiration and the idea from the Liberal paicy. (Hear, : War.) He thought they would agree with him trial it was high time that the Liberals of Warrington and throughout the country awakened from their slumbers , and dreams and rallied round the old flag. (Cheers.) He was not without hope that the important event within the last twenty-four hours of the resignation of Sir William Harcourt might help to briog about this rallying of the Liberal forces. (Cneers.) Meat had been the precise cause of his resignation they did riot know. To-day's papers, both London and provincial, were full of opinions. Personally he thought it was intended to be a insane of clearing the air and bringing them to a unity of feeling and unity of action. He thought all would agree that Sir William Harcourt had been e splen- did Liberal politician. Ha had accomplished many bril- liant; achievemente both as Chancellor of the Exchequer and in hie career in Parliament as a whole. After au no man in the world in any department of life could go on for ever with a divided following, and he was perfectly justified in wanting to know how he stood and in find- ing out whether he bad or had not the Liberal party at his beck. Personally he thought Sir William Harcourt had. (Hear, hear.) If for ao other reason, he was sufficiently a radical to have a etreng desire that the next Liberal premier should be of the House of Commons and not of the House of Lords. (Cheers.) Re thought the Lib oral party needed to a aily to the old three words which used to be the watchwords of Liberals—" peace retrenchment and reform." (Hear, hear.) The sooner they got back to looking afier their own interests and not these of empire and interfering with politics that did not belong to us, the sooner would they have a revival of national prospedty and the more truly would they hold that positiois in which Provi- dence had placed them in this world (Loud applause.) MT. GUEST in seconding the resolution said he was pleased to see Mr. erosfield in the chair that night. The name of Crosfield Was a household word. (Hear, hear. They would that Mr. Crosfield were a few year) younger and prepared to lead the Liberal party to vice tory at the polling booth. They were not yet without- hope that some member of his family would lead them on to victory. (Applause.) Mr. Broadhurst's name was received with respect by all parties in the country. (Hear, hear.) Liberalism in eVarrington end throughout the country was under a cloud. Tue star of the fory party was in the ascendant for the moment and they were triumphing, and Liberals did net wonder at it. They did not forget that tne Tories had been a long time in the shade, arid tenet would have to go back intoethe shade perhaps sooner than they expected. He th eight there had been a misconcepion. Many Liberals seemed:to have thought that the Tory party had advanced, and that under toe actual leadership ot Mr. Joseph Chamberlain Liberal measures would be passed. They did not understand that statesman. If he Was a great and pewerfulman.he was riot a man to be trusted. Another reasha for onsconeeptfon was because they were on a higher platform than they were in the days gone by. Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Coble; and Mr. Brietet had raised the Liberal party of this country to a vary high platform, and it was a very difficult teing for any man to follow such a leader as Mr. Gladstone. The policy of the Tory party had been a seifish policy. He considered that tile Tories were responsible for haadreas of lives which were Massacred in Armenia. (Hear, hear.) They did not take up their treaty respoosibl- , ties on that oceaSioa. If they had done what they ought to have done, they woul I hive nved many of those lives and gone to the teislp of little Greece in her desperate war with the great assassin. (Gassers.) There were other questions coming °afore them, and one great question which he thought would have to be solved in tree near future was the adminietration of the licensing laws of thi i country. (Cheers.) Ha thong the people of this country ought to have a voice in use matter ; they ought to be allowed to sa.y how these laws should be administered, and now mauy public-houses they would have in their midst. There was not only the question of pablic-htusse to be dealt with but t ques ;ion of clubs. It was high time that their gembing dens and houses of debauchery should be pat an end to. (Hear, bear.) Another important quesciou was the dis- establishment of the English Churce. (Hear, hear.) He did not object to the Angl:can Church haying their ritual- ism and sacerdotalism if they liked to have it but not as officers of stete. Let them have it at their own COOL and not as a Stat., Charon. (lTear, hear.) T. 19 Free Churches deserved to have in this 19th ceutury equal rights with the Anglican Cuurch and these rights they must fight for. (Cheers.) Until this came about they would never have the education question set on th 3 right basis. There was no doubt that the education question of this country was troubled by reason of the system that the Anglican Church had to receive the support from the Government in the carrying on of their schools. They did not object t) the tichools being carried on bat they objected to their dogmas being taug it at the ex- pense of the State. He trusted that Some young man in Warringten would be ready to dedicate himself to this great work. (Cheers.) The Rev. W. H. Deormemen in supporting the reiole- tioa said he was glad of Celt opp ortueity to lift up his voice in Warrington on behalf ot Liberal principles. He quite agreed with what Mr. Yonge said that it was far too long since they had a meeting of that kind in War- rington. He remembered saying to some of the leaders of their local L beret party at the time of the het general ele.tion—in election wltice was fought under most disadvantageous circumstances on account of the great hurry in which they had to get a candidate—that he trusted they would not be found in the same position again and that the Lib Tat p irty would do a great deal of educational work. What they wanted was more educational work to stir up interest in political questions and make them realise that politics weresomethiug living and concerned the life and hoeae of every man. (Hear, hear;) He believed that was what they wanted in their Liberal politics. They were suffering not from a surfeit of Conservative eoavictious, bit from the absence of convictions. If once t ley could find the heart, the conscience and intellect of the great working- class population, he had not tne slightest doubt taey would return a member of Parliament in accordance with their political convictions. (Cheers). But that kind of work must be done in loyalty to principles. Liberalism was a lost cause when it sought to tamper with great principles. They must be prepared to pay the penalty of their principles and they must suffer defeat rather than victory through the concea:ment of the great things for which they stood. (Cheers,) They had nothing to fear by a plain, fear:ess declaration of the things which they hell most dear. They had everything to fear when they sought to a ater down their gospel so as to make it palatable to all. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that meeting would be the beginning of a new era for Liberal politics and that they would set themselves,

===== 0002601_18981216_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16 1898 BRINGTON MINEUNI AND LIBRARY. oth ANNIVERSARY. INNER TO MR. F. MONKS.

heart and sent to doing work which was based upon principle. Let them throw to tee winds the policy whi oh had beee toe mach prevaleat Ira many conetitu- enc.es of saying it was an inconvenient tocec ; tease mist not mentioe it ; it might Cause offence. If Liberal- tern here or elsewhere was going to win a victory worth the Rama it must not be afraid of the big brewers—(heir, hear)—end it must net be afraid to speak .is whole mind upon the burning question of netioa II e tueatt on. (Caeers.) More depended for the future of this country The nutee 3of the establishment of the Warrington upen their education and the development of museum aid Library was celebr itedan part, on Tuesday their elementary national system than up en evening, 'hen the members of the Museum and Library anything else. It was far more important then teem Committeientertained their chairman Mr F Monks, foreign political questions which seemed to disturb us. J.P., CC-to dialer in the Council Chamber of the e vire-Zishoair present biag omeer UF- A meeting of that sort when they hod a man of Me. Town Hit . Alderman It Merte, J.P. (deputy chairman Broed mrst's wide experience and of his undoubted poll- optietdhebyemonmLitGtemee),npinrge.sidTedher the VeC:-! tic el ability was a great educational treat for them, fhey ought to ge back te their homes with renewed in. erioak3, J-1, C.C., Mr R Pierpeint, M.P., Mr William terest a-id new faith and enthusiasm in their politics. °area. J.P.,Ceancalor Crosland, J.?..Mr J C Thompson (Loud Applause.) Mr All GNI tld,Mr A Ra,thbene, Couacillor F W Minks The resolution was enthusiastically carried. Mr I Thecae Young, Mr I L Tunstall, Omnelltor Ben- MR. BROADHURST'S SPEECH. nett, Mr Taal?, Mr C Madelev, Mr W Farnesg, Dr Ger. SIR WILLIAM 114110011RTS REFIRE tlEltdr. nall, LP., ley W H Drurnmoad, Dr P<acock, edr J E Mr. BROLDECURST, ALP., who on rising to speak, re- Worsley. Cuncillor J Slaw Greee, J.P., Aldermen Sot- co Oval an ovation, thanked those present for their kind ton, JP. 1r Sear Owen, Mr C Fl Grundy. Mr J Fair- reception. He felt that their kindness was very great hunt, Coueillor F R R iberte, C oancitlo: Palma:cm, indeed, and he highly appr adated it. It weuld be im- Councillor laisen, alr John Peers, Mr A J Jolley, and , possible that night for any public men to address his Mr E I lia. I fellow countrymen without referring to the great event After the dinner, which was served in Mr. l',)svys' ! which they all read of that morning, namely, the reeigee hest style, a toast list of moierate length was gone nition from the leadership of their partt in the Howe through, althe West; being very cordially heneured. of Comrnens of Sir William H arc cart. Aewesignetion The Cam araN prop eie 1 the health of " The Queen," ehrough the action of nature or uncentrofflble cireum- any remarke that Her Majesty had endeared herself to stances was an event which they frequently met with Eaelishmea by the purity of her life, by her deep in various walks of life, but a resignation which seemed sympathy. nd by her sound COrtlaloa sense. (Hear, 'to point out its Cause as being differences amongst t tee he„.) AS Creen, wie and mother she was the noblest leaders arid lu'ae-warmness amongst the followers was an wernee whieyer graced Our rhroae. (Applause). unusual event in Esalish public life, and one to be ex- The toast f. 6 The Prince of Wales, and the members tremely regretted by all well.wiseere of the great of the II teraleamily " was aest drunk on the proposition Liberal cline. (Hear, hear ) Sir William fierceurt of the Chaman, had been a great figure in the public life of Greet The next test was" Tee Chairmen of our Commit- 13,itaia for many years. Perhaps since the retirement tee," which etdermen Roberts, as chairman for the of Mr. Gladstone be bad been the greatest fieure—cer- evening, ale proposed. Beoree doing so, he said he Willy no man had more largely, probably not 93 largel 9 would as he tea been requested, give a sho:t retrospec- inherited Mr. Gladstone's greet faith and great princi• tive acceuntf the Museum and Library. He wished pies in so large a measure as Sir William Harcourt had the duty hadallen upon other shoalde s tac LIM he felt dine. (Applause.) Of course they were not that he was heolutely unequal to the task. They were going to pack up their tents, as it aware of a= , that they were eilebreting that night were, because Sir William lierceurt had the 50ta ar weary of the establishment of the Museum Sees fit to resign. He had no doubt h 3 had better and Librare and it might be interesting to them to reasons for it than many of team could find. 'fheir know that i ad in his hand a document dated May duty was to keep going on with their work in the sure 10th, 1848, chicle bore the endorsement of John Fitchett and certain belief that when the hoar of necessity ar- Marsh, to thi following effect : •• Propogals for the rived they would find a man equal to the work of carry- estab ithmen of a Public Museum and Library." The Ma their flag onward to victery. (Apple, so) Before document wet on to expound upon the desirabilite of he left the subject might he remind those of a similar maiatainingt the public expense nauscums of science age to himself, and who hod lad the connection he had and are, for tee instruction and amusement of the i nhab- hed with the labour movemeur, for 30 yeare,and through tats of lar,gite was, to improvement of their minds, them the younger gernratioa of worker), that theme and the w.th ir twat of the masses of the public from less were few men in Great Britian to-day to wheal they innocent ere_ yrnente. Under the Act of Parliament 'owed so great a debt of gratitude as they did t e Sir Wil- every town e ten thousand inhabitants and upvvards ham Harcourt. (Cheers.) A friend on his right said had the lower te establish a public museum. yes, and the trade unioniets. He had been a trede union- Tee pre-moils contained in thie memorandum ist for more than 41 years without the interruption ol were to tne ffect that the Corporation should take over its continuity for even one moment, and for more than the Warriogea Town Library, founded so far back as 30 years he had beea a worker in the advanced cause of 1760, and tteMuseum of the Warrineton Natural His- labour. (Hear, hear.) He mentioned that to lead up to tory Society, founded in 1835. These two institutions a plat in connection with Sir William flareourt. He were offered to the Town Council on the undertaking , remembered the thy when they could count the men on that the CoLIC.I would levy a rate of il. in the £ in ' one finger of the halal who would say a word for them support of te combined Institution. On the other band ia the House of Commons. They fell back from them the pr anotet of the proposals and the inhabitants of much as though they were lepers or unclean things. In the town wield subscrite to provide a home far the Jo- -1872, wee° that menstraus outrage was committed by stitution. A that time there were not half-a-dozen law on the London gas stokers, when they deliberately people in Weringtoa rated at £5OO a year and up. prosecuted under the Conspiracy Laws instead of under wards Sc thateere Were not half-e-dozen people weo tile special act passed for the purpose, viz., tne Master would be calea upon to pay a guinea per annum each, and Servants Act, who was the great figure that came and the ordiree- y house-holder would suffer to the extent to their councils, advised with them, helped them, and of 51. per ateum in supped of the proposed lestitu- raised the questien in the House Of Commons itself? It r- i nn-it sPaltavolumes for tee character of the men who was Sir William Harcourt. (Applause.) He Was ever were in the torparation of Warrington thee, that iri wilting to give his great services to the Cause of labour, spite of the fat that there was considerable trade de- and labour bad an everlasting debt to pay to him for pression, andeely a few months before the launching work done. Now the Coaservativa party laid claim to of the prePeals the Council had passed a resolution re- tee Labour Laws of 1895. The action led hy Sir William qairina all aa committees ti economies as far as Harcourt in 1872 and 1873, supported by a few other pesiible, nil „me counctl unanimously adopted the men in the House of Commons, laid the foundation of proposals we h t% tleey were submitted, and agreed upon those laws, and made it impossible for the new Parlia- a il. rate. 'lleat action was characteristia of the spirit moot to exist without dealing with the anomalies and in- of the Corp°ation, and which, he WAS glad to say, justices under which labour suffered. (Applause.) S r survived in tle -s. Corporation towards the same Institu. William Harcourt was the statesmen who recognized tion to-day. (Eleer,hear and applause.) This led to the the rights of labour te a share in the civil service of the esteblishme,ntof tht Museum and Library in 1848. They country. (Applause.) To-day they had a dozen, per- therefore claieed to have the oldest municipal or rate- baps sixteen working men factory inspectors. Did they supported Mem.- ), in the United Kingdom—a fact of know what an enermeu; ellen was ueceesary to breala which they °tilt to be proud. (Applause.) l ) I f 1 p ause. n proof down the class berries., and to declare that no berrierof this statenant he might say that a committee of the I should exist, except moral and intellectual fitness,end it House of comnene eat in ,_ ~ e„cieu., to consider the best did not matter what class it was that presented thosellneens of ftereerina the establishment of free libraries. qualifications, they should hava an in'erest ? Sirlalr, ohn - T gt John Ai tteeett Marsh attended that committee and William Harcourt did that. (Applause.) Those were gave evidenn, and a reference in that committee's re- some,only one or two points in his long and distinguished le wt placed titeir claim beyoed doubt. It was as fol.. career as a statesman that would for ever establish his lows :—" Orlt town, Warrington, has founded a pail c right to the regard, respect, and admiration of all who library and museum, and the association of the lived by honest labour. (Applause.) He was,moreever, two ingtitutons seems to be a most obvious a great lawyer, a great statesman, and a great Paella- will d:siratle alliance." The first town to meatariam, and knew the laws of Europa and the Cll3- onlw Warrtieten's example was Sanaa, which toms and habits which guided the intercourse of nations n 1849 estatlieeed a Museum and Library. When the second to no man in their country. (Applause.) He iararieg Actwag passed in 1850 Manchester established was a lover of peace, a profound apostle of free trade, er free libraiy, arid Liverpool followed suit in 1852. and a great advocate and champion of popular educe- le mentionee these facts mote particularly because tam. (Applause.) Before leaving the subject, he de- here might he trouble some day as to who the honour sired to add his own persoaal experience and acquaint- '- I euleed of erst establishing a public library in the anceship extending close upon 30 years, sad he declared i.Jaitei Kingdom. Now there were 348 towns in the there and before his fellow workers that no man of Jnitel Kingdom with rate-supported libraries and there eminence in their ceuntry ever had a more ready ear ere no more then 60 that had eetablished museums as and open heart to the cause of the toilers than the great well. The Warrington rate was now 111 in the £ and retiring statesman had always possessed since he had ut of that they hid a threefold Institution to Maintain, known him. (Applause.) Their Chairman had been he Museum,the Free Ltbrery, and the Art Gallery. This discussing Mr. Chamberlain. He was an inexhamstinle ate limit wat a great hindraece te development. He was subject of debate. (Laughter.) Their Chairman was Ireading now upon dangerous ground but he theught it surprised that Mr. Chambeelain didn't choke. (Laugh- las advisatle they should stet, what they felt ter.) That showed their chairman didn't know every- yhether it wts palatable to thet strange alimil, the thing. He did not know how hollow Mr. Chainberlain 15150a75r, ot not. Many towns were free from a rate had become. (Loud laughter.) Tnat was how it was We ie Warrington were absolutely band to the he got over his Manchester experience without going M. in the a we received, Other committees, for through any physical difficulty in the course of it. other Iterpese, could spend as much as they liked (Laughter.) Ha had given up all effort; to discuss Mr. tenjeet to the control of the Council. Toe Museum Cnamberlaia. He was all over the place. we said such wommittee was controlled by Parliament, and until they amazing things ; such extraordinary assertions. He 'ISM given some assistance throughl 80019 Bill to said the Tory party had acoomplished eleven out of 'etnove the rate limit, they would only be able to do a some extraordinery °limner of pledges they made at the 'try much lee amount of valuable work than they felt general election. There was not a living soul knew that apable of doitig. In Oldham and St. Helens there was except Mr. Chamberlain. (Laughter.) He doubted ° limit. Hewould show what they in Warrington had whether there were any more that believed it. Wreat one in spite of their difficulties. They had in the the Tory party had accompliehed was Several things u3eurn at tile present time 40,000 specimens, and he they didn't promise. (iiear,hear.) Their great achieve- bould say thtt they were well worth the inspect on of ment had been the redemption of pledges which anyone who etose to go to the Museum. In the Library had been made in private. They did not want, there were 30400 books and pamphlets • last year there public meetings to coma to terms with ;vere issued from the lending library 67,000 volumes. , those " who Oil not neither do they spin "—(laughter °ere '''"" 3,100 borrowers' tickets in use, and on an I and applause)—the English and Irish landlords. 'So faraverage 1850 hooks were out, not counting those in the las he knew that was their one single great ace ..mplish-reiernuce library at all. lie would pant out that the meat teat went to redeem, effectively redeem pledgesPVulltiln of Itie town was now 63,000, and out of that made. Re knew that they had. pledged themselves ta° miner they Right reasonably suppose there were 25,000 assist agriculture. Maly th)tight that whe,a the Toriet , ou aclutts. He Considered it . a beggarly array of ° spoke of assisting agriculture it was the farmer au, nrrowers, to 'save only 3,100 out of a papule- labourer who would gat some assistance. Matthew Wet Bin of 63,001 Including at least 25.000 adults utterly and hopelessly ignorant of the fact that the Torii ;41:Valise.) 'Nair power to lead was aim- meant not to help those who needed it but those wie lately depandeat upon their power to spend money, could do without it very well. The agriculture 3 aS unless the ralß was increased they could not do labourers and the farmers were as much oppressed t 4 what the intereetof the town demanded, and what the day as they were three years back. Toe only pop! itstquireamats of education made a'333lutely necessary. wh- were receiving benefit from the so-called aeriead ~uee rlaNtlt he had only to mention these facts to elicit tural legislation were the landlords. (Hear, hoar.) li ""e 8'11315),rt which they all hoped to sea bought to a wondered whether the workingmen of Warrington VI 1" ',',. :1‘",1 SSUO STOTT 00 en. (Hear, hear.) The success of voted for the Tories at the last election had mile. ,50 ion want° a large measure due to the d)nors that everyone of them Were making eontribt a other s 3 ago, and one name stood out betore all d ffons towards paying the rates of the ar‘ As Toe referred to John Fitchatt March. (Applause.) lerk he wes chief mover and organiser. He laadlorde of the United Kingdom. Fancy a man Imre was al on a p tund a awealc in Warrinrton sharing with e. as hon. la large deon, and he acted for many veers a Dike of Westminster the burden of his rates. (Leufa to mr. attary to the Museum and Library. Alluding ter and applause.) They were paying two rriiihle. Institut' ''' meat, who Was for 31 Years chairman of the year for that purpose to British landlords also _f h,_ 170, Mr. R?b?rti said that he gave UuStiaringly (Shame.) The Tories put in a clause litnitiag the Um. ' nivatear"tyltey,and time, and ability ; they honoured his five years. Tnat was done in order to prevent a acfee. not least, 10 great deal. (Hear, heir.) And now. last but pede of Lamtmehire,York3hire,and some Cheshire Tited years hall° came te their own chairmen.who for many These fool members then thought that they coul in .00 sc4s besn the senior member of the Cominittr.e. their constituents that they had succeeded in line 4 elected first elected a member in 1873, and the act to five years which would help thern °veto ~ 1 net 0 thearmate of the committee in 1890 a, w 0 5 voyage t) America, and during the difficulties of the next elec:ion. Did they suppose Did past 8 Vera the act Was going to be limited to five years ?.sin. i.seen can_s - a nne of the most important proposals had they know that to accomplish tint the Ho-use of 50 • measure? mons would have to pass a repealing ow Libraryf ad been Ax:eade 1, the lending department did they think that would get through the Eloi f m t 1. . e e made relian ,ce 1891 and now there was added tilt the able s Lords ? (Laughter.) They would have to dis:st . ih len val ta nectar.' of daily papers. They had also taken the Lord e themselves and scatter them to the 7.1n—d - nver the re and responsibility of the School of Art and befere they would b 3 atle to get a five years limitation 'recut" ossenstitute. Their chairman had been to them of the Rating Act. (Cneer3.) The LiPerane everY.'"`a, that a business man of undoubted ability fought that act to the utmost of their could Ptemy be. He was regular in his attendance, capacity. Some of his colleagues got suerded Puur_`l3! a minute, and courteous to the whole of in doing so. Tee Liberals forced the fighting ald de- theft's., a, was not only in this capacly thee thought nOunced the robbery—(hear, hear)—a robbery' • Well 0' TneY respected him because of the integrity mitted upon the poor in order to further enriea the of ria ;cr, be.ause of the generosity of his heatt, 1r S and beknew wealthy landlords of the country. The Liberalsa!-ee _ the they. , that every object in Warringeen should be assisted it should be thee if agriculture s i e given for . . tVT community would find in him a sub. auto, d He to the labourer first ; the farmer neat, and if there was st .„ i • , proposed The health of our chair- any left, to the laadlerde. (Laughter and cheers) lie maetelr. scl aPieleuse.) remembered that RO unconscious was the nation ot ,what t'a A on rising to respond to the toast, was re- was going on in Parliament that the country (it" hot efn/Le at warmly. fie thanked them most heartily r for t ' seen to realise what the bill was nor the eittenl 0.. its ,„Ac compliment and the great honour they infamy until the opposition insisted open a hid Pa•e- fficipin that night. He could hardly find words long discussion, arid the country then begin to su Woely express his feelings at that moment and if to 'notice what tricks this Tory G,Were- theyotal allow_ him to briefly thank them most meat- were up to. The Tories had also pa3sol a heart',;;e would outline what he took to be their work Some e Tenni- Home Rule Bill. He wished to ask the weak and reita- forth.Lhre. s..ven years ago when the this Liberals—he did not say weak in the sense of die_ cal a,,edron Act was passed there were some of them respect for every man heed a rieht to doubt if lee tpOught indw ~ a(I what had Proved to be a vain idea,that they proper—who did net give sufficientstudy to the question mie"aemplieh more than they had been able to. before they voted contrary in 1886, what aid they Till.; '` ,aetat debarred him from hoping that, with the think of it to-day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Gladstene's pro. ascis' rot the Corporation they might yet be able ta posal was one of the greatest of modern times. (AP- do a leedeal for the future of Warrington from a plause.) Ireland could no more lea separated in that tech% eeoint of view. Owing to the feeling existing bill of Mr. Gladstone's than a naked marl Could escape in tbd. a thee' had not been able to establish a School from a ring of armed soldiers. The Land Bill had Hearth-- on Wag not going to find fault, as he recognised in it the elements of a great nationalising scheme with that eied, ee the result oi conscientious opinions and security for the money advanced. What bad the Toriea corts', ems objections, but he wished to point out that done since ? They had advanced sixty or seventy owiatepeae nothheing a School TI ierd we were falling millions of money in doles for the very purpose witicu very "' tra,much be. and nor onty 0.-11 r towns of our own Mr. Gladstone proposed. The Tories had laid in the collmte.. but tr; 0 Sr towns on the Continent, "a a Stites and C T foundations of a great Home Rule superstructure which in , waiite ___ anade. he great waht would come as certain as daylight followed darkness, thaahetit at pr,.,-,sent, and he was speaking from his (Cheer;.) Nothing could step it. (Hear. heat%) ocireeneef the 'awn, and of the Town Council, was t the ', IF teachers eep able of teaching. The difficulty Wae till a „eche/. equel to the talk of teaching accoriaiiite moiern requirements, and he was very glael to hear °! a scheme which was intended to

a", "hi

PfniE

livery

3toitlit 'eArs 7p c 749: B. 'l3l

o• I t3:c P' mei v;Ks,

Corn.

tctitith ,ore,,ed Ulettued, auu Lined For alterations of every description. B. CoogE, Manufacturic g Furrier, 21 Renshaw-street. Liver Pool. Js- t&blislal 2 lears

help on the education of the pupil teachers of the town. If the Town Council would assist the committee he thought it possible that they might begin a more systematic course of instruction than had obtained up to the present. lie noticed that there was a Bill coin• in; before Parliament next o.3ssioe. If it were possible to get ioserted in that Bill a claus3 to give tha Corpora- tion power to pay over for tacnnic al purposes a rate of 21 in th 3 £he b3lleve it would help them out of the difficulties and enabls them to establish a Higher Grade School in Warrington, and whoa Warrington stood badly in need of.

Councillor CROSFIELD : D 3 you mean teohnical by that?

Mr. MONKS, in reply, sal I that what was wanted was a schoel in which a bay who had passed the 7th standard could still carry on hie elucetion under conditions mere fav our ble, for the development of his mind, and be taught subjects which were quite out of the reach of purely elementary schnols. He would not confine this to boys. (iFer, heir.) He knew th ,re was a great wait in Warrington for higher education for the girls. (Ap- plause). If they had such a school as he referred to, taueht by men of University standing, they could bring their pupils to the Museum and there give them such an object lesson as would shorten the time of their stu ly enormously. This Higher Grade School would be lin a sense, a Kindergarten for youths of 14 to 117, and in that way he was satisfied they could make great progress in the education of Warring- ton. Anyone who had visited Switzerland, Germany, America, or Canada, and seen what was going on there must come back with the feeling that so far as we were concerned in Warringtoa we were being hopelessly left behind. That was not the condition of things they wished to Fes in the town, and it was not a condition of thiues they would like to see throughout the country. Ile hoped that through the instrumentality of the Isr- paratien and by the aid of a special rate, and the grant from the County Council, funds would be provided for the establishment of a Higher Grade Scholl. He had came to the conclusion that a 2d. rate, with the grant from the Council, would enable them to do it. They would have to provide a suit able building in which to carry on the work, and he hoped this was not beyond the means of Warrington. He could only speak for him- self, but wh n tee time came he would be p-epared to take his full share of the responsibility. (Loud ap- plause.) Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD proposed the toast of " Success to toe Museum and Library." In &thee so he thought there had net been a time when the advantages of the Library were better realised than at present. We had a cheap press, cheap literature, and he really thought we were suffering from a surfeit of what he must call the " Tit Bits " class of reading. The people took their reading by snacks, and he teodeht it was a good thing they had an opportunity of getting a solid meal at the public Library. (Hear, hear.) He supposed it was a treisra tog ly that the Library was teeth a means to an end, and an end in itself. A man who was well informed and cultivated had the best chance in the long run of getting on, and besides the means to an end it wee an end itself because, as Huxley had said, " literature is the most enduring tome of refined pleasure." (Applause.) Alluding to a visit which he and his rather had paid recently to Mr. Glazebraok Rylands, Mr. Crosfield said that Mr. Rylancls took as active and keen interest in the Mu ieum and Library as ever he did, though he was far advanced into the hale old age which was a symbol of our English life. It was very interest- ing to them to hear Mr. Ryland s describe hew the Museum grew bit by bit in its initial stage. It struck him (the speaker) that the development of these early beeinaings and the progress in the succees of the Museum and Library was perhaps analae,ous to the ext•ao:dinary development we had seen in every part of the country during the last 50 years. (Applause.) Mr. b. GREENING responded, and expressed the obli- gation of the members of the Committee to Mr. Gros- field for the way in which he had proposed the toast. He said that one of the most curious changes bathe ideas respecting museums during the last 50 years was that they were not now looked upon as mere curiosity shops, or dumping grounds for curiosities. Our Museum, he was glad to say stood in the first rank amongst the technical and scientific institutions of the country. The Museum Committee had now a definite scheme to work upon. Their objects were three Fist, thel formation of a local collection in which they placed specimens of all sorts of animals which exist in the district, also geo- logical specimens showing the geology of Warrington ; also Warrington antiquities, prehistoric and Roman,ani more recent. From this way, they learned something of the progress of the neighbourhood. The second objeat was to form an exhibition collection of types of animals, plants, and antiquities so that a visitor could walk through the rooms and take a bird's-eye view of the mar- vels of ,life,and get a rapid idea of the geological and zoo- logical schemes. The third object was a students' or re- served coll^ction, where students and specialists could study the various forms of life. In connection with this collections the generosity of Warringtoa people was very valuable. The Warrington Museum had been able to seal up to the National Collection many rare and valuable specimens. Ha hoped that in the future local patriotism would influence the men of Warrington to be generous, but he was sure that when they met 50 years hence thy would not entertain warmer intrilings for their Chairman than they did that night. (Applause). Councillee &raw GREEN said he felt greatly honoured at being asked to respond. Histerically, as Mr. Belmont had often told them, Waniaeton held first place among the homes of authors and readers. Prior to 1848 there were three small libraries in the town, one of 300 volumes which were distributed twice a week by Mr. Howard, a private lending library of the same size kept by Mr. Gardner, and the town library which had been spoken of. This was all the provision for readers in Warrington at that time. The speaker then reviewed the growth of the library from the time the committee of the town library made the first move towards founding the present Institution, and mentioned in :eoeclusion his conviction that the opportunity thus afforded would be improved by all clams of the people and the never-to- be forgotten spirit and ,e.lory of the old town would come back, increase,and foster. (Applause). Mr. R. PIERFOINT, M.P.,tOSSLNI "The Mayor and Cor- poration of Warrington," and said that a Mayor in accepting office took upon himself no light task, and a member of the Corpor ttien when he took up his office accepted a very heavy task indeed, and he thought that every member of the community was deeply b3holden to those gentlemen who were willing to toke up the hard work and heavy responsibility entailed by the offices they held. (Hear, hear.) Ha was one of those who believed that almost without exception in our municipal work, gentlemen took upon ihemselwee this offiee entirely f r tho public good, perhaps impressed a little with the personal honour, but without the slightest intention of making a single penny. (Applause.) Allud- ing to the Mayor, Mr. Pierpoint said he had known him for a great meny yearn—the beginning of their intimacy wis lost in tine dim vista of the past. (Laughter.) He had known His Worship always as an honest naan,faith- ful friend,and kind-hearted gentleman—one whose sym- pathies went out to all whether rich or poor. (Applause.) The Meson responded feefingly to the toast, aril allu- ded to the pleasure it gave him to meet Mr. Monks, who he had known since boyhood, and whose examole he had tried co fellow. He always looked upon Mr. Monks as one of Vve noblest sons of Warrington. He,the speaker clainvel to be omen himself and he was proud of the good old town, and proud to be present at the 50th Anniver- sary of the establishment of the Museum. The School of Art he owed a deep debt of gratitude,and he was very glad to See his old friend Mr. Thompson present there that night. (Applause.) Referring to the Council, the Mayer said he believed the work was carried on to-day as successfully as ever it was, and though the members were imbued with one idea and that was te sink all poli- tical leelings and do all ia their power for "the good old town.

Cuncillor CROSFIELD said it was a pleasure to him to be there that night, as this was a red-letter day in the history of Warrington. Tney had celebrated the dia- mond jubilee of the Queen, and now they were celebrat- ing the jubilee of the Museum and Library, art insitu- tine which was a credit to the town and invaluable to the people. His old friend Mr. tilazebrook Rylands told h.m that they were celebrating not the jubilee of the Museum, but the diamond jubilee because he to ok to collecting books for the Library 60 ye ire ago in the old Cloth Hall Yard, off Bridge-street. (Applause.) He there accumulated,also, specimens as a nucleus for the future museum for Warrington. Amongst them was a slab of red sandstone bating the imprint of the foot of an ichthyosaurue—(laughter)—which should be in the Library yet. Mr. Ryland' interest was as keen and strong to-day as it was when he was a young man 20 years of age. He would have been present that night had health cermitted him. They regretted the absence not only of a min like Mr' Ryland's, but of Mr. William Robson, who was now 85 years of age, and who also took a keen interest in everything that affected the educational and intellectual welfare of the people of Warringtom (Applause.) Also they regretted the absence of Mr. Robert Davies. (Hear, hear.) He con- cluded by proposing the" Health of our Guests," rr- marking that the committee were pleased to see them °specialty the member for the Borough. (Applause.) They forgot difference.; about politics, thouela he dared say that Ile and:Mr. Pierpoint could give them a dish for an hour or two. They had not come to do that however, they were met as old Warriegtoniane—(Loul applause.) —with the simple objert of improving so far as they couid the education of the people of the town. The Museum and Library were a splendid Institution, and he hoped the Mayor, Corporation and the guests would do everything they could to suppsrt it. (Applause.) Mr. J. R. YOUNG respended to the toast in a very humorous speech, remarking at the close that a man must be blini if he did rant see amend him ample evi- dence of good progress. Without detracting from the praise due to other committees he might say that the committee which endeavoured to develop education in all forms was deserving of the highest praise of all. (Applause.) PT —e might add that himself and his fellow guestsl elt honoured in beins, allowed to participate in this event to do honour to Mr. Monks. (Applause.) Councillor F. W. MONKS propoeed " The health of the Member " in eulogistic terms, referring to Mr. Pierpoint las a Warrington worthy and the Boa of a Warrington I worthy. He was speaking for the members of the

===== 0002601_18981216_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMI

Museum Committee and the inhabitants of the town generally when he said how much they admired and re- spected Mr. Pierooint for the arduous duties be per- formed at Vt.'ts,-rninsti-r. Might he live lod4 and hao- pity, and mint tis long reoresent the old town of War- rington. (Lui aoplaus A.) In reply Mr. Picapoiar ailudad to the t oast toing pro- posed by an opponent of his in politics, and said how glad he was to see such a custom observed. He regarded it as a very healthy alga of what the feeling was through- out the land was on subjects of universal interest and importance. When difficuttiss arose b)tween this coun- try and an Aber, the people were absolutely at one. , (Applause.) . Council]. n• BENNETT toasted "Our Offinials," and said that he did not tunic any town could be better served in this department than they were by Mr. Macleley and his staff. He would like to see, as one cdsvelopment, the ot tblishment, as a sort of corollary to tide Technicul In- stitute! a Commercial Museum. _

Mr. MADELEY replied at some length, thanking the c3mmittee tor their invariable consideration, liberal treatment, and thsir appreciation of what he and his staff were able to do for the Inititution. The occasion was a particularly interesting one to him because Mr. Monks was the oliy pre-lent member of the Committee who was a member when he was appointed 24 years ago. He had been connected with the Museum for one half of its existence and it was rather curious that during the other half of its existence it was in charge of one man, Mr. Cooper. He (Mr. biladeiey) hail striven often to get it recogLised that Warrington really was the first place to establish a rate-supported Library, and he had found 'it h Ard to get it admitted. Writers on the subject found it much more convenient to be able to crack up Man- cheater because that city had been able to make such a big thing of what it had done. In another respect War- rington came first. The Warringtoa Corporation was the first to include non-Members of the Council in the Committee. (Applause.) The last toast of the evening was " Our Chairman " which Mr. F. Monks proposed, remarking that it was particularly gratifying that so many youn.ler men were taking an active part in the work of the Museum, shouldering the responsibilities of their position in life and doing what they could to promote the intellectual interests of the town. (Hear, hear and app'ause.) Alderman ROBERTS suitably acknowiedged the compli- ment, and the proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Xetlas to tot Itor.

pAIN3TAKING PRINTERS are now- days sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c.; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged JOHN WALKEIL AND VO., BEWSEY SEBEET WARRING TON.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

THE WARK CASE, MISS YATES'S WILL. It is stated that the will of the late Miss Yates will shortly be subject of law proceedings. Probate has not yet been obtained, but that will, no doubt, be done in due course. Subsequently, steps will be taken to US* the validity of the legacy in favour of Lieutenant Wark, The total estate does not amount t) mach over £2.000, land the sum bequeathed to Lieutenant Wark is half of the residue—namely, between £5OO and £6OO. The case Will be held in the Palatine Chancery Court, and the Vice-Chancellor will be asked to grant a declaration that the legacy is nullified by the conviction of Wark for the Wilful murder of Miss Yatte3.—lt is further stated that notice of the pending litigation has been served at We!., ton Gaol upon Lieutenant Wark, IMPORTANT LETTER FROM SIR WILLIAM HA.RCOURT. Tba Editor c f the" South Wales Daily News " has re. ceived the following letter from Sir William Harcourt. Malwood, Lyndhurst, December 14, 1898. " Dear Sir.— You will see by my published letter to Mr. Morley that I have no intention of leaving the House of Cornmons, and that I hope still as an independent member of the House of Commons to deserve the confi- dence of my constituents in West Monmouth. Ido not feel that there would be any advantage for the present in my making any further statement than that which I have already made public.—Signed, W. V. HABCDURT." DEPARTURE OF THE NEW VICEROY. Lord Curzon of Kedleston left London yesterday en route for Bombay. The new Viceroy of India will Join Lady Curzon and family at Marseilies. DEATH OF LORD VERNON. Lord Vernon died at Bournemouth yesterday after- noon. He was the seventh baron, and was born in 1854. In 1892-94 he was captain of her. Majesty's Honourable Corps of Gentleman-at-Arms, and he was also a member of the Royal Commission on Agricultuiral Depression. The country seats of the family are Sud- bury-Hall, Derby and Poynton Hall, Stockport, The deceased baron married a New York lady. His eldest son was born in 1888.

THE OLD SHOP.

THE OLD SHOP.

SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET-ST., IS THE BEST SHOP FOR

PRETTY DOLLS,

LATEST GAMES, CHOICEST TOYS,

TOY HORSES,

LADIES' COMPANIONS,

GENTS' CASES,

POCKET KNIVES, CUTLERY, &c., ALL SUITABLE FOR

CHRISTMAS GIFTS.

tY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS.

&NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 19TH and two following days. at the MART, 37, COR?ORATION-STREET, I,IANCHMS- TER, at 11 o'clock each day. IVI WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION ILRUpwards of 1,00) pairs NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR- TAINS, also a variety of other LACE GOODS. Catalogues on application,—On view mornings of Sale.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P RIV ATE

D ENTISTR Y.

TEETH. TEETH.

Appointments unnecessary, but may b arranged.

Al! consultations tree.

TEETH. Hach patient .informed beforehand the cost of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,00 gallon* weekly. Ezors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BT EXAM.)

MANCHESTER

(Telephone 1660),

LIVERPOOL ............ ... BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

T. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN 7 BRIDGE-STREET.

TL, EBDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON .. ...„ . . ...3A, SANKEY-STREET WELNE SDA Y, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN 3l, BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHIVI(;11_ 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET.

FRIDAY, 11' to 12, and 1 to 2.

===== 0002601_18981216_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
BIIITEL

DontiaLL—Denrnbar Bth, at "Holly Bank '' Latchford, to Mr. and Mrs. J. Guest Gornall, a son. MARRIAGE. CITTITB ERT SON —COOMBS —December 3rd, at the Parisb Church, Warrington, by the Rev, G. W. Dickinson, Joint Cuthbertson to Amy Coombs. LAWTON—MASSEY—December 4th. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis. William Lawton to Mary Ellen Massey. _

DEATHS. LENNON.—December 2nd, at Portland-street, WarringtOns Cornelius Lennon. aged 54 years. LLOYD.—December 3rd. at Factory-lane, Warrington, Emma Lloyd, aged 26 years. HuxLEY.—December 3rd, at Knutsford-road, Warrington; George Huxley, aged 49 years. , Arawm.—December sth, at Willis-street, Warrington, Jane Antwis aged 28 years. HoLlAND.—December 7th, at Liverpool-road, Warrington, George Holland, 54ed 56 years. SMlTll.—Deeember 7th, at Greenall-street, Warrington,NanCy Smith, aged 57 years. Lawrorr.—December 7th, at Atherton-street, Warrington, Abraham Lawton, aged 77 years. RUNCORN. CONWAY-11th last., at 22, Fryer-street, RunCurn, Mrs. Mary Conway, aged 58 years. WooniNn--12th inst. on board the narrow boat "Pansy,' Mr. Obadiah Wooding. aged 74 years. PEACoCK-9th inst , at 78, Ashbridge-street, Runcorn, Mrs. Sarah Peacock. aged 74 years. DAyIES —l4th int., at High-street, Runcorn, Percy, infant son of Mr. Elias Davies. aged 2 years.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINUTON ,C)pposita Arpley Station), T. Se e WARD AND CO.,

:40NU1ENTAL SCULPTORS,

MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monitments,Tombsi Tablets, Pulpits, Fouts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, anct Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING ,10NuNI1NTS A SPhCIALTY.

Warrington.— Printed and published by John WALICEB a 00 • Bewserstreet. at The Examiner General Printing Works, and published by them at the same place and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, Wirorns ; 42. George street, Si'. HELENS, and 3 Illarket-street, EARrarsrOws in the County of Lancaster and also at High-straet, litYBoB.l , in the County of Chester.—DzoEsinna 18, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981216_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, TiE PEOPLE'S PROVIDERS, 22, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON,

J. BANKS, THE POPULAR OUTFITTER, WILL OPEN HIS NEW SHOP, ON SATURDAY NEXT. 45, HORSEHARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Stockton Heath 'Bus Stand).

LONDON AND NORTII-WESTERN RAILWA Y GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNNS DOCK. The LONDON and NORTH-WEST/3RX RAILWAY COM- PANY give NOTICE that MONDAY, DECEMBER 26th, BlliNo A HOLIDAY under the Holidays Extension Aet, 1875, the day wilt b 3 OBSHRVHD AS A HOLIDAY at GARS- TON Doolis and WIDNES DOCK and the Quays and Rstate. FRED. HARRISON. General Manager, Huston Station, Londcu, December 1898.

COUNTY OF CEIESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 2nd day of January, 1899, at half-past e even o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury 'Will he empanelled. The hearing of all appeals arising within the Hurodreds Of Broaton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirrall, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- Mitted from inch Hundreds, wil take place at such essions. 'I he Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 2nd day of January, 1899, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Fore- loo. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Conti; House, linutrford, on WEDNESDLT. the 4th day of January, 1899, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. 'The bearing of all LtPPeals arising within the Htmelreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutstord •District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such _adjourned Sessions. Tire Grand and Petty Jury for the A,.autsforsi District must be In attendance at the Court ,ziouse, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on 'WEDNESDAY, the 4th day of January, 1899, at eleven •° clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD PO rrs, Clerk, of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 13;la December, 1898. NORTHERN CIRCUIT, *WINTER ABSIEES, JANUARY AND FEBRUARY, 1899. LANCASTER. • The Commissions for holding these ASS'EB3 will be tlened at Lancaster on Tuesday the 24th January. Iho Prosecutors mad Witnesses are required to be in !ittendance on Wednesday, the 25th January, at the sitt- 14g of the Crown Court at 11 o'clock a.m. ; and their ".ttendatice will be reqizired oa all subsequent days dur- -I°B the Assk&es at 10 o'clock unless otherwise aPecially directed. MANCHESTER. The Commissions for holdiag these ASSiZ39 will be °Pened at Manchester on Friday the 27th January. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal BOSiIIC49 11l be published in due time- LIVERPOOL. The Commissions for holding these Assizes wi•l be CIA/Jed at Liverpool on Monday, the 13th February. The regulations for condr cting the Criminal Business Le published in due time,

(-19 Q TAM ki LiHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Deptits and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND SAUNDERSON. District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington Mr. STANWAY, 37, Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BEM Ironmongers.

" EG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE AAP DID—," •• OH, YES 1 ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECHALIST, T. EL BROWN. 3. LEIHOR-S eREEP, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

1111 UPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. AA, T. RGEGNGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS lor Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss end Surgical Appliance Works, 7 a 9. Grosvenor-street Lou eon-road. Manchester.

PRESENTS FOR CIIRISTMAS, WEDDINGS, AND BIRTHDAYS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On SALE, a Choice selection of Presents for CHRISTMA S. WEDDINGS, and BIRTHDAYS, in SILVER, SILVER- PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEVi BURRY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selection of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, COIN CABINETS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD boughtor taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. NUMISMATISTS. MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, I 435 R HNSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819, Valuations for Probate,

BALL SHASON. MR. R.ANDERTON'S BAN I) is open for Engage- ments for Balls, Parties &e. : any number ; latest latai.3.—For terms apply 78, B UTTE ARKET-STREET. War - rington .

CHRISTMAS SHOW 1898. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW 0 F FANCY GOODS AND USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. STERLING SILVER ARTICLES, ELECTRO PLATE, COPPER, BRASS AND BRONZE WARE, EXQUISITE CHINA ORNAMENTS AND VASES, LEATHER WARE, MISCELLANEOUS FANCY ARTICLES, TOTS, GAMES, GIFT BOORS, kc. IN GREAT VARIETY. PANS, GLOVES. UMBRELLAS, &C. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT POST FP'T ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED, EASNETT-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. FINLAYSON, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER, &C., Late of 34, Winwick-street, Begs to announce that he HAS OPENED THE PREMISES 42, HORSEMARKET-STREET, With a large and Choice Selection of all the Latest NOVELTIES in GOLD and SILVER, JEWELLERY, WATCHES, CLOCKS. BRONZES, OPTICAL 12100DS, &c, Inspection Invited. PRESENTATION GOODS, ATHLETIC AND SPORTS PRIZES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. EVERY DESCRIPTION of REPAIRS EXECUTED on the PREMISES. Note the Address 42, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S BUY YOUR GROCERIES AT SAUSAGES POVEY AND DUCKWORTIPS ARE UNEQUALLED FOR QUALITY. AND SAVE MONEY.

UNS WORTHS' CARDIGAN JACKETS, GRAND VALUE. SPLENDID ASSORTMENT. 7, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

W ALTHAM WATCHES THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS 1N THE WORLD. NONE SO ACCURATE, NONE SO DURABLE, NONE SO CI{BAP. PRICES FROM 20s. TO £25. SCHIER WATER & LLOYD SOLE RETAIL AGENTS FOR LIVERPOOL. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. 29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

XAiA S, 189 8. JAMES ATKINSON'S SPECIAL XMAS BAZAAR NOW OPEN. DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, BOOKS, &c., TO PLEASE THE CHILDREN. LADIES' AND GENTS' DRESSING CASES, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES, FANCY ORNAMENTS, PHOTO FRAMES AND ALL MANNER OF ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR XMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. XMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS IN ENDLESS VARIETY. NEWEST MATERIALS FOR EVENING WEAR, EVENING WRAPS, FANS, BLOUSES &c. Szc., A LARGE DISPLAY OF NEW LACE CURTAINS, DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, D'OYLES, NAPKINS, TRAY CLOTHS, &c., &c. JAMES ATKINSON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., ARE NOW OFFERING MESSRS. JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LTD., HOUSEHOLD SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. ALSO THE ERASMIC CO.'S CELEBRATED TOILET SOAPS AND PERFUMES. HENRY MILLING & COMPANY, LIMITED, 5, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON, Telephone No. 48. Telegrams " Milling," Warrington.

PIERPOINT AND COMPANY BAKERS AND FLOUR MERCHANTS. 125, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. PIERPOINT'S lIOVIS BREAD. SPECIALITIES : PIRRPOINT'S WHOLE FLOUR BREAD. PIEBPOINT'S PLAIN AND FANCY BREAD. CHRISTMAS CAKES, BISCUITS, AUSTRIAN FLOUR, PASTRY AND HOUSEHOLD FLOUR, HoVIB FLOUR, SELF-RAISING FLOUR, PROVOST OATS, OATMEAL, Ac. Rich Home-made PLUM PUDDINDS.—Itich Home-made MINCEMEAT. Deliveries Daily, in Town and Neighbourhood. Orders per Vanman or Post will be esteemed and have pri:apt attention 1259 BRIDGE-STREET, WARRING-TON •

• J. B. ISAAC HOLDS A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF ENGLISH PROVISIONS WHICH HE OFFERS AT THE LO WEST POSSIBLE PRICES CONSISTENT WITH QUALITY. COMPRISING SEVERAL DAIRIES OF PRIZE CHESHIRE CHEESE, RICH CHESHIRE STILTONS, FINEST REAL STILTONS, LEGH TOASTING CHEESE. OUR OWN CURED DAMS. WILTSHIRE SMOKED BA CON. OUR OWN-MADE SAUSAGES. (SPECIAL QUALITY.) • SANKEY-ST REET, HORSEMARKET-STREET, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SUCH WONDERFUL VALUE IN TAILORING. SUIT TO MEASURE 39/6. IN BLACK OR BLUE AND OVER 300 DIFFERENT PATTERNS. STYLE AND FIT UP-TO-DATE. SPECIALITIES IN OVERCOATS 20/- TO 25/- THE NEW PATENT RAIN PROOF (YET POROUS) PADDOCK COAT, FROM 25/- READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

el-. MA Fui, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WTARRINGTo N. ' OR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLEBy. SPECIAL SHOW ROODI FOR CHRISTI.I.AkS CAR" NOW OPEN. INTENDING PURCHASERS are respectfully vited to PAY US AN EARLY VISIT, so that they may select their requirements convenientil. "%lilted by our beet attention.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS, BACON, AND CIIEESE ,HAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE• CUTLERY.

W. IsHURWOOD AND CO. (LATE POOLE, 22 AND 24, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Having got the whole of this BUSINESS. we are now prepared with a Choice Lot of NEW GOODS in all Deplrtments. LADIES' SHIRTS, CHILDREN'S COATS AND CAPES, UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, UNDER- CLOTHING, MILLINERY, FANCY APRONS, PINAFORES, AC. RIBBONS, LACES, SILKS. SMCIAL OFFER of 50 dez en Ladies' Pique Secs a Tan CoPel and Horn Button GLOVES. 2s 6d. every pair goaranteed. Other well-known makes from Is 11d to 651 W pair. Silk lined, suitable for presents, 2s 9d, 3511 d, 5s 61. Manufacturer's Stock of Ladies' FELT HATS, beautiful Goods, at about half the usual prices. See windows. Choice Lot of Boxed Goods, suitable for 'Xmas presents, Dressing Cases, Fancy Handkerchief and Glove Boxes, Leather Writing Cases and Fancy Goods of all descriptions 'liftable for presents. CHRISTMAS CARDS. 81c. Novelty, Value, Style. See windows at ISHERWOOD'S (LATE POOLE), 122 AND 24 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

GO TO PEMBERTON'S Fon WOOI S, PEMBERTON'S FOR STOCKINGS, PEMBERTON'S FOR GLOVES, PEMBERTON'S FOR CARDIGANS. ONLY MAKER IN THE TOWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN. 35, WIN WICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON, AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICH.

ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. SPECIAL BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT, 21. in the E. W. WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), WATCH AND CLOCK MAKERS. GOLD AND SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, SANKEY-STREET & CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON, Special Stock of NOVELTIES for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Every Description of SOLID SILVER and ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS, suitable for Presentations and Wedding Presents. SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES, 425. each. Warranted and Guaranteed. SPECIAL-60s. EXTRA. STRONG AND HEAVY SILVER LEVER WATCHES. WEDDING RINGS of Guinea Gold, from 75. 6d. each upwards. SPECIAL BARGAIN—HALL-WARRED SILVER ALBERT, Over I oz., 65., Only. Grand Stock of Best OAK TIMEPIECES and QUARTER•CHIME CLOCKS, from 255, 2S. IN THE X DISCOUNT. Please call and inspect at Ws WOODS AND SON'S (ALFRED WOODS), SANK EY SrREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1858.

V. H. AND C. LAWLFss,s lIOAE-MADE AIINCEMEAT IS DELICIOUS. _LARGE JAR SMALL JAR. 12th. GLASS BOTTLE LEMON CHEESE lib Jar .. Small Glass 4113. rRE A DDRESS c 47, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON.

USB POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S SAUSAGES.

RAIN RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD CRA.VENETTE CLOAKS GO TO LORD BROS' 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

15s. A. SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL Toom COMPANY, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager : Mr. W. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-3). At MISS CHARM'S REGISTRY OFFICE. 13, LEGH-STREET. (Oft Sankey-Street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTEAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exactly opposite the Market.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND SURROUNDING DISTRICTS. JOHN M. PORTER, FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN, 22 HORS EM ARKET-STRE ET, BEGS to inform the PUBLIC that owing to the extreme mildness of the weather, and the perish- able nature of his GOODS he wal not this year make the USUAL OUT-DOOR SHOW, but he has arranged for a CONSIGNMENT OF GEESE, TURKEYS, PHEASANTS, VENISON, &C. DAILY DURING THE 'XMAS SEASON, THUS GUAR ANTEEIN4 TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS A FRESH SUPPLY OF THE CHOICEST STOCK IN SEASON. A LARGE SUPPLY OF GEESE AND TURKEYS WILL ALSO ARRIVE DAILY. A SPLENDID STOCK OF HARES AND PHEASANTS WILL BE SPECIALLY SHOT ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY, AND SATURDAY, THE 151 a, 16, AND 171 K INST. DUCKS, FOWL, GAME, &C., THE FINEse STOCK IN TOWN, JOHN NI. PORTER, FISH AND GAME SALESMAN, 22 , lIORSEDiARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

LISTEN TO THIS! NOW's YOUR CHANCE! TO INAUGURATE THE EXTENSIVE ALTERA- TIONS necassiated by our Growing HAT TRADE, I have decided to present HATS FOR NOTHING, FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, TO DECEMBER 20TH. EVERY 103ra HAT CUSTO 11ER, who comes to pur- chase a Hat or Cap, before the abo7e elite, whether his Porollase be for a large or am tll arn)uot, will rezeivo his purchase free of cost. C. MOUNFIELD. Ye olde Umbrella and Necktie Shoppe, OPPOSITE PARR'S BANK, WARRINGTON.

FOR YOUR WINTER BOOTS iY BOOTH AND SON, 29, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, ESTABLISHED OTER 30 YEARS.

F. DUTTON, LATE SUTTON AND CO, IRONMONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all description, of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

BAR GAI N. —£4oo worth Confectioner's GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, poo Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAßDS, 108, !White chapel, Liverpool. A MERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.—I,OOO sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Citlasses.—EDWAßDS AND Co.. 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

T— O all Parties Commencing Basiness.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROCBRS' FITTINGS and Ut.mans, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit. Tobicconists Fittings and Utensils. Publi-uis and Dining Roams fitted ; a splen- did selection to choose from; Inspection invited ; estimates ree.—BDWARD9 AND Co., 103, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

THE BEANCO CLLS MANUFACTURED 11Y BAXENDALE dz CO MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Mantel). %TANTED an AiifiENTIC-B-.—tinie for sti4Y-iiyen. f. TV M. AsaToN, Chemist. 63. Sankey street. Warrington.

_ . 4 SSISTANT-MISTROSS (Art in, 9th Jan. next Mixed .r."l. School. exempt; discipline, drawing, and sewing ; £45 to £5O ; qualifications ; testimonials.--J. R. PRIESTLEY. Correspondent. Greasborough Free School. Rotherham.

BICKERSTAFFS CHURCH SCHOOLS.—Wanted, in the Infants' Department. for February 1, a fully qualified ASSISTANT TBACIIRR (Article 50) ; musical drill, kinder- gartm. and object lessons essential. Salary £4O to begin with.—Apply the VICAR. Bickarstsffe. Ormsairk.

QANITARY INSPECrORSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £250; k 7 numerous vacancies ; permanent appointmenss ; Special PostslCourse of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience unnecessary ; ladies eligible : over 200 successful candidates.—Apply ROBERT MUSEENS. Science Teacher, Sunderland.

THORNTON-IN-CRAVEN SCHOOL BOARD.—Wante d I. for Earby Board School, MALE ASSISTANT, art. 50. Sala-y commence £5O and advance to £6O. Also FEMALE ASSISTANT, art 50. Salary commence £47 10s, and advance ta £52 lOs Forms of apJlication may be had by sending stamped addressed envelope to the clerk, W. N. BERRY, Earby, near Collie.

_ A MINTS, Hawkers (either sex) who want tn double money 133. this season should try RUSbELL'S Everlasting Firelighters, by Royal Letters Patent, 7,607 ; handiest article in the world ; never fails • thousands sold ; enormous profits ; guaranteed genuine ; .4s 6d per dozen, or 42s per gross. Sample Order 9 stamps, post free. Address Mrs. 111184 ELL, 3, Sylvester-street, Bolton. (Mention paper).

CIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINIMENTS OPEN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 • YOUNG LADIES, 15-20, Full details THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' post free from SKERRY'S COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. 888 ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE MOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

llottls, 311airos$, oarbitia CNtab. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34W 40 LUDGATB HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUABS. HOME CONSORTS, CLIsANLINEsti IND QUIET. CENTRAL 70ft BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. QOUT H PO RT.—S UN NYS IDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. ;Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated, replete with every comfort flne Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOCCOCK, Proprietor.

Cm be Let. PliNKßTlL—Cottages 45. Od., 3a.6d.and 21. Bd. per week. DALLAK-LANlL—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent £lO. BUTTERMARKEY-STREET.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £2B. MILL-cTßEET.—Seyeral Suites offices. 39. CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. ad. per week, 26 CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s, 21. per week. REGENT-STREET off Sankey Street, WAREHOUSE, ground floor, £l5. PIINKBTK, Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 31, CATHERINE-STREET, rent 45. 3d, 25, PERCY-STREET. rent 4s 65 per week. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 48 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE, rent 5s per wee s. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wei rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.-61,PRIESTLET-BTREET,WARRINGTON.goOd Corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LoWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

rpo LIM—LARGE ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O J. Apply ASHTON AND Wool's, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., Warrington. _ I[lo LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orforl-et., rent £l3.—Apply Amos AND Worms, golleitore,fforee- market-street. Warrington. _ DWELLING-HOUSE.—To be Let, an excellent Dwelling- house in Grappenhall-road, Latchford, No. 5, Wood- bine-terrace.—Apply at No 6. to 3 HARRISON.

SHOP.—To be Let. Dallam-lane, large SHOP, very suitable for provision stores • two minutes from the market.—; Apply 7. TITCHETT AND SON, 14, Cairo-street, Warrington. S 1101) to be Let, 9, Ryland-street, two brick OVENS j suitable for a wholesale confeetionery business.—Apply TITCHETT AND Bell, Cairo-street, Warrington.

rib 0 LET.—A SMALL COTTAGE with garden at Stockton 1. Heath. suitable for small family. Also cottages in Blizabeth-street. rent 4s 6d per week—Apply Mr. WILLIAMS, 57, Bridge-atreet, Warrington.

WORKROOMS.—To be Let, two good WORKROOMS well-lighted, suit Able for storerooms, &e.. two minute@ from the market.—Apply J. TITCHETT AND SoN, 14. Cairo-street, Warrington.

DR.J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOSODYNS. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. IILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V) be the most wonderfal and valuable remedy ever die covered. CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CtILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Pa!pitation, and Spasms. C.IILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, !sc. From Dr. B. J. BOULT,-.N AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to ailay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great aavantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, let December. 1834. CAIJIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. 3. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CH LORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid.. Is. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "bit. J COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medics ltestlmoriy accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :--3. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russoll-street, Bloomsbury, London

G:. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61.1 631 CHURCH-STREET, WARRIN GTO N, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

j ADY JUil Accept

PABLOUR SUITE, quite new. a Payments taken bargain comprising Ladies' and Gents' Easy Chairs, four Small, and Couch, Splendidly finished and of g 6 15 new design S. AT 59, CHURCH-STBEET.

ITANDSOME PAIR BRONZE Payments taken WARRIORS. Splendid work- manship, also Bronze Centre Piece to match, nicely finished, the three only 24 S. D. AT JACKSON'S

S. 9d.- OKell( teed -, will P. 0.0„ on' London.' A LL smi PIPF nickel plat street, Wol,

TrITCHEN TABLES. strong and Payments taken J. well made, from 7s 114 to 15s 6d ; Chairs, 2s lid to 5s 11; Sofas from 25s ; Fenders, 6s lid and 7s lid AT 59, CHURCH-STREET.

A LARGE STOCK of FLOCK Payments taken BEDS from les 6d. Pictures from 2s lid pair. Hearthrugs 3s 11d, 4s lid, 5s lid, 6s lid. 7s 6d to 16s.

LL- 10 to tance, street, Lir-

2150, SR. to „ui, J. R.,

STRONG BEDSTEADS. 1 pair Payments taken Mattresses, Flock Bed. Bolster and two Fillows, 1 pair Blankets. pair Sheets. I large Quilt, and two Cane Chairs, the lot tor .22 18s. 6. AT JACKSON'S 59. CHURCH-STREET.

A Large Stock of Kitchen Rugs, Payments taken. 11. Carpets, Chairs. Fenders, Door Mats, ac.. very cheap. 59 AND 61, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"USEFUL MARE to be SOLD at once. 16 hands. E 12.- kJ Apply 137, CARMEN-STRZET, Ardwick, Manchester. rIPWO Useful HORSES for Bale, cheap, suit any work.--- .1 Apply 70saPn Bastion, farmer, Barton Moss, near Patricroft.

GOUT and Rheumatic Pills, Certain Cure, absolutely' New Remedy, send ls. for 20 dosea.—SdrEwaltT, 3 Plantagenet street, Cardiff. ILIRIED FISH and'OHlPS.—MAinsom OnAmPion Range. and Potatoe Peelers ; ale b Shop on Wheels for outdoof 24 page list free. 51, Lever-st, Manchester. 1

DILES. Hundreds successfully cured by EAhELIB, 1 great physician's discovery. Worth Li. Post file Is. H. BPXDDING, Bone-setter, Batley, Yorks. 208.4' aA;legle I.l{nn knits e stockings.'.orinal" 8 LT. &c.—WriteJanuce Fonza. Maker, Friargate, Preston. I A LOVELY Set of Baby's Long Clothes, beautifulf /1. embroidered unused ; 50 articles; 255. ; approval.f Mrs. WILFILEXI MAX, The Chase, Nottingham.

FISH.—On receipt of 23. 6d. will forward Bass of fineP selected FISH, carriage paid. Trade supplied. PLO list free.—Adgress EDWARD LACY, Fish Docks.Orlmsby. 1 QTRIBE'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patei Cushions are the best and cheapeht _fables Re-Cushion and Re-Covered.l4. O'BRIEN. GLOBE BILLIARD Woawit Bridge-street. Mafichester.

CONSUMPTION (incipient, Bronchitis, Asthma speedif relieved and finally cured by Tere-Phos ; week's trii free. Send 6 stamps for carriage.— PROFESSOR War.sn, 4l Albert-street, Preston. A strong ROABED COB, 14-2 ; too small for owner; god 11 drawer; can be seen working every day ; warrantd sound; no dealers.—Apply J. BECKETT, 63, Canning-streei off Butler-st.,Oldham-road. Manchester. IDIIIVATE CHRISTMAS CARDS, Printed in Gold. wit' 2;our own wording, name and address; from Is. 6d. p 4 doz.; sample book sent.—TamitAs BROTHERS AND Cai printers, 37, Everton-road. Liverpool. rrRN THOUSAND PARCRLS.-12 Yards Beautiful Laai _IL and Silk Lace Fall, 1 Silk and Lace Dollarette with 2 stt Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one is Novel ; carriage psi! 1s w. Covrow, Weekday Cross, Nottingham. •

mils TRUTH ABOUT STAMMERING. Anyone lin ested will receive the latest information and import liooka on the cure on loan, post free, without Charge. fr ITHURTEL, Messrs. Deacon, 184, Leadenliall-street, Loud

CIIIRISTMAS and New Year CARDS. Send 14 stun; ‘,.,i immediately for monster value boa of 15 beautil Christmas Cards, assorted with envelopes, Bankrupt'a *toe —MIDDLETON, Wholesale Stationer, Yarmouth.

A STaOLOGY.—Your FUTURE FORETOLD. Muria .Ll. Children, (Menges in Circumstances, Journe Legacies, etc. Send date of birth, 12 stamps and stem] envelope.—Mr. CoLE, 30 Cheltenham Place, Bright Sussex.

SPORT.—Boy's Own Guns, 2s 3d; American Poel Catapults. Is 3d ; Noiseless Rabbit Rifles, 9s : Rat Bolters, Is Packet ; Both nets. 6 for 2s 3d ; 50-yard al Us 61. Guns, Nets, Traps, Games, Pets' Ac. Lists, carriage paid.—d. EGGLESTON. Naturalist 26, Greta-tern Sunderland.

To FISHMONGERS. ARMY AND NAVY CLU4S' Hawkers and private families.— I would advise yotr, try one of my 10s., 155., 208., kits of mixed fish, hest qua". guaranteed. Small basses of fish is. 6d. and 3s. 6d. "care: paid. Fryer's fish codlinos, Is. 6d. ; small haddo2 is. 9d. ; medium haddocks, 2s. ; dabs 2s. per stone. Ter" cash. —To CHARLES H. SMITII, Fish Docks. Grimsby. --

910 BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The Elden _L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., Machinery and 24.120 square yards ot Freehold Land, Biding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other W requiring space.—Address J. HoSICING. 16, Fenwick-stl Liverpool.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NO I ICH THIS. T HAVIJI a Quantity of Good GOVERNMIINT G I passed out of Service for other patterns. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 31t Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Lowe. Dark (trey Waterproof Cloth Capes '7 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats 2 Government All-leather Headstalle, with lead attached 1 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs, 4lbs. weight. 3ft by 6ft Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 461 n by 421 n White Rubber Sheets. Brass Byeletholes. 46i0 by 421 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size. with Shoulder Straps "" **** " 6 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 26ft ion metal buckles Clean. White Linen Fed Sheets, lift by sft Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, Is per aqua(' with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, till GASSON. Government Coutraetor, Rye

EVERY MAN QIIFFEBING from Ner—ous and Physical 9ebllity should send for a valus 'e pamphlet expialfing how all nervous and organic arrangements msy be sudSesiliUlly treated without stomach medication. The method io easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent sure. Sent 'rated, post free. address— R. NORTON. 59, a 60 Chancery Lane, London, W. Rstaollehed 30

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young arid old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without s'f.oslll.Cil MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine " I cannot find words to express how thattlitul I Mn• used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have .veci many pound s.—G.F.l!d." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London, IN.C. Send at once and cured. 12 Yeats' Continuous success

ranting MONEY, has for disposal two pairs real By Blankets, full size ; unused ; worth £2 103. ;. Approval. —ADDRESS 82, " Bxaminer" Office, 1.

VOR ...ALE, light Brahmas.Langshan and Partridge,Wyan- dottoi,Cockerels ; also 1897 Langshan Hens and a few white Miinna Pullets from 5s eacti.—G. SWINNERTON, bowd- ley. Markt Drayton. Salop. MOUSIaCHE positively grown in a few days. Result 8101Ily marvellous. Hundreds of testimonials. Try one box OA securely packed. P. 0. Is. OLIVER, Broad street Collet.. Birmingham. F OR SAIL a splendid four-year COB, 14 hands; warren- fed skaid and quiet in harness ' • also gig and set of brown bailees almost new.—Apply at the CLARENCE HOTEL, Clarence-sleet, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool. BIAS. PRESENT. GENUINE SILVER Nickel 14s Watch, excellent timekeeper ' • one year guaran- iSe sent to any part of the United Kingdom. Ail. —Max ENGELHIANN and Co., 13, Foley-street, HIKERS should have the patent " irLflm- '.azleaner, and mltch box -- tt Post fre ,150, 3e. VO iveriboi ,0 -ituoun, „ _ _ ax.teg, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, NO mELIMINARY IniEs CHARGED. AION BY LENT P .tIVATELY TO FARMERS, TuADtsmEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and (there, in sums of £lO up to £5OO. 0N Eqpt° WERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lnier rates than usually charged. Repayments arralk-d to meet borrowers requirements. !fo BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or wite for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20. Xehedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

_ERS should have the patent " BLOWOUT " leaner, and in-itch box combined handsomely '. Post free 7 stamps WILLIAMS. —146, North- ”hamPton. Agents wanted.

fliontp. - --- Respectable persons in need of financial assis • rrite to Tunnia, AND Co. 55a, Renshaw-

00 At from 3,; PER CENT to the ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in lORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.- 6, Cook-at., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

t CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. alished 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO a. 38, ItENSTLINV-STREE 1, LIVERPOOL. 'to() advanced upon personal security, Deeds, s. ac.. at the following low rates t— hble Os. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 93. 20s. „ £3 Ets. 6d. , 40s. £6 16s. Od, It: Sum at Proportionate Rates and special Ityment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. aulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. osit accounts opened. Interest allowed from Eat. per annum payable half yearly.

ONES AND WARRINGTON. SIOODWIN continues to make, ADVANCS3 JELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, kable Householders, on their own security. INCREASE YOUR STOCK. EY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEETS. :, without delay, without public enquiry. written promise to pay back. :CTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. IN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. from RUNCORN and District generally dye mcisely the same attention. of £O, £7, £IJ, £2O, £3O, £5O and upwards.

tUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very IJNBUSINESSLIKEto ruin or jeopardise your BUSINBSS let want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuine waY g doing BUSINESS. AR. We STE W ART, 25 COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large laveeted funds and will advance sums to re- sionnsible retsons from £l.O to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Revernioas. This is 11USINESS I STRICT II PRIVATE 11l GENUINE liii Personal Calls or letters receive prompt attention.

FIEID IN G'S LIMITED LOA t INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 60 years. LOANS £3 To £500• DAILY TO ALL REOPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or Irithout sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOAM granted on ordinary Life A138'1(11229 Policies, lievellions, Freehold and Leasehoid Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- £lO 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters Ilith a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLI TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, Diattict Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON,

G-Qutatum. 00ARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLARDUDNO.— JO Good education. Fees from 6gs. Principal, Miss MOXOO, Frou, Church Walks.

MISS LEILA BAIESTOW, L.C.M. (also pupil of Signor Monari Rocca) Professor of English and Italian binging. Breathing and voice production Specialite. Voices tried (by appointment) free of charge. Terms-10, BOLD. STREET, Warrington.

V- ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on TUESDAY; JANUARY 24TE, 1899. The HEADMASTER will be at home to interview parents on SATURDAY, JANUARY 21st and MON- DAY, JANUARY 23rd. Pt OSPECTUS, &C.. ON APPLICATION.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE 24 48. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY. JAN 17th, 1899. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY. JANUARY 16th. 1899. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses. Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, is situated in Higher 8r0ugh.....1. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

122, MARKET MUST, EARLESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. pRIZE Winner and Senior Honours for Pianoforte and Sinning, &c., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline Singing, Harmony, Theory, ,tc. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations, TEEMS MODERATE.

2350 —SPLENDIDLY Fitted-up SPIRIT VAULTS ; . leading thoroughfare : tied for ale to good brewers ; free for all spirits.—WALLWORK AND CO., London- road. Liverpool.

gl5O'—FREE SPIRIT VAULTS; near Exchange ; • brewers hills and spirit book can be seen ; all Fixtures included.—WA.LLwOßK AND Co., 23, London-road, Liverpool.

cI,EVERAL OFF LICENSES, good Beerhonse, Coal Yard, 1.7 Greengrocers, Fried Fish Shops,pick of Manchester from £l5 to £lso.—HoinciNsoN, WHEEL & Co., 37, Cross-street, Manchester.

Ci WIRRAL DRAPERY MEIN ESS to Dispose of, with or k_T without stock; Bargain.— 112, WEST-PARK-STREET , Salford. DRAPERY and Small wares, with Dressmaking ; Boca and fixtures ' • low rent ; good reasons ; must sell.-39, RING-STREET, Stretford, Manehestei.

CONFECTIONWS SHOP ; nice trade; busy horoughfare- Other business cause of leaving ; could leave at once or stay on for a short time. Apply 127, STANLEY-ROAD, Kirkdale, Liverpool.

ijOlt SALE, Edge Tool Business, New and Secondhand I: and General Ironmongery &c. Established by the pre- sent Occupier 20 ;ears, good living Accommodations rent us, per week.—Apply HARRY EDsloghs, Bartow-in-Furness.

TO BE LET an old-established BU B TCH ICS BUSINBSS, with slaughter-house, stable, and enclosed cart shed : well fitted ; also a cold air chamber, by Ball and Sons, new two months ago ; will hold a beast and a half.—Apply 40, SToCKPORT-ROA.D, Denton, Manchester. AIILK BUSINESS in Manchester Belling 350 Gallons weekly, and including horse floats, all shop fixtures and utensils (good house and shop 12s 6d per week clear); every investigation ;owner leaving Manehester,2lso.No agent need apply.—address 55, QUEEN-STREET, Morecambe.

_ DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USTI DON'T COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One lozenge alone gives relief ; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATIN G'S COUGH. LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGII LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of stamps, from THOMAS KNATING. Chemist. London.

WILLIAM I, INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, WORN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES CheQs, Draughts. Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, QUOite, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, az. PUBLICS. Skittles, de. Estimates given. 38., SHUDEBILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS ! ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND tiUNSHAD HS RECOVERED nr aiLir AN HOUR FROM T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS.. THE WINDOW SABH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be re• placed by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected, ADDRESS: T. C IOK. YORK.

LONGWORTIPS FOR SWEET BAGS. 1 oz. 10d. 2 ozs. Is. 4 ozs. Is. 2d. per 1000. 5000 LOTS CARRIAGE PAID. CAP PAPER, from 6}d. to is. 3d. per ream. 4 LND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. B.S. PARISIAN, for Halifax and St. John, N.B. Dec 22nd COREAN, for St. John's, N.Y., and Halifax, Dec 27th S.B. CALIFORNIAN for Halitax and St John, NB., Jan sth s. MONGOLIAN for Portland Direct Jan 7th S.S. CARTHAGINIAN for St. John's N.F., and Halifax Jan 7th as. LAURENTIAN, for Portland Direct Jan 12th Saloon Fares from 211, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS SG Co., 19, James- et., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington VVIIITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEADIERS. 4lk'4^ LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK rid Queenstown, BRITANNIC Wed„ Dec. 21 I "MAJESTIC Wed.,Dec.29. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage maraca thus. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to backs', Imam and Co., Liverpool and 34. ILeadenhall street. London 8.C..

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Off ce and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 6d., 10d., and is. Bd. each.i >lmre by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTOI9 ESTIBLISHED 1833

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS, WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM" WINWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer nf HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. mu' NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCO, kJIGAR S, kJIGARETTES, Cl ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, :MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND ;PROVISION DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

SEAS DNABLE PRESENTS AT POPULAR PRICES. THE MOST COMPLETE STOCK OF FANCY DRAPERY IN LIVERPOOL. SPECIALITIES IN GLOVES, NOVELTIES IN FICHUS, NOVELTIES IN COLLARETTES. NOVELTIES IN SILK BOAS. HANDKERCHIEF SACHETS. HANDKERCHIEFS IN BOXES, INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, SILK SQUARES AND MUFFLERS. GAUZE AND FEATHER FANS. CHOICE FURS FOR WINTER. UMBRELLAS IN GREAT VARIETY. SILK AND CHIFFON BLOUSES AND SHIRTS, LADIES AND MAIDS APRONS, LADIES AND MAIDS CAPS. TRIMMED & UNTRIMMED MILLINERY AT SPECIAL PRICES. Corsets. Underclothing. Baby Linen, Laces, Ribbons. Skirts, Dressing CI owns, Wraps, &c., at popular prices. All Departments crowded with useful and seasonable presents at the three Establishments. EDWARDS', 58, CHURCH STREET, (Three Doors fromllanover-street). HENRY MILES, 25, 25A., CHURCII-STREET, (Opposite Pro Cathedral). HENRY MILES, 31, CHURCH-STREET, (CORNER TARLETON-STREE n LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. AU Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BIJ ITE R MARK ET-STREET. w Awn INGTO N.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1897 EXCEEDS £425,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. It. Planiere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers. 55, Horsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank Street.

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREBT, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

JAMES DALEY' ESTATE AND COMMkSION ME VENT AND DEBTS COLLECTED. PROPERTY BOUGHT AND SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY. ADDRESS :- 9, ST. AIITIN'S-LANE, WARRINGTON. "A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-Mtn u SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap pet,jewelled end fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, LISIVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CA3ES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pockel, ' FOR FIT l'Y SHILLINGS." This wat chis timedts a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMFETI tION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtlined only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent i.ost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

YOU FIND IT EVERYWHERE. CIITICURA now meets the traveller at every point in the civilised world It slems like running across an old friend in a strange land to find displays ot CIITICURA and Commas SOAP in the shop windows of Melbourne and Sydney, Yoko- hama and Tokio, Hong Kong and Shanahai, Calcutta and Bombay, Constantinople and Cairo, Kimberley and Johannesburg, Ser in and Vienna, Paris and London. Civilisation seems to march with CIITICOR& in the front ranks. USSFOL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. A choice assortment of Fur necklets, Fanoy Handkerchiefs, Umbrellas, Plain and Silk lined Kid Gloves, PSIIS &o , &c.. in fancy boxes. W. T. WILL/IMS, Sankey-street, Legla-street, Warring- ton

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING BOOK. Nine Coloured Hunting Scenes. ti Nine Black and White Copies to Colour. E Send Stamps value of Sixpence. iv Write your Address Plainly. Published by Elliman, Sons & C 0.., Slough.

M N YON POINTS THE WAY' Every Day Adds New Names to the Long List of People who have been Restored to Health. DYSPEPSIA NERVOUS TROUBLES COUGHS & COLDS, Cured by MUNYON'S REMEDIES. Munvon's Remedies are not the Product of One Man—They are the Result of the Combined Skill of the Most Eminent Physicians of America and Europe—Tney are entirely Diff irent From Any Other flomcepathic Remedies and Are as Great an Improvement on the Regular School of flomce3- pathy as flomo33pathy Is on All Other Schools of Medicine—They Combine the Best in All Systems— Act Instantly and Cure promptly aud Permanently —A Separate Cure for Each Disease—Each Remedy Has Plain Directions for Home Treatment, s 3 there Can Be No Mistake. SHILLING VIALS AT ALL CHEMISTS. Personal letters to Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W.C., answered with free medical advice for any disease.

"Is Marriage a Failure ?/, " Yes;" "No." 'Tie a failure if yon're not rightly mated; if, for instance, you marry a shrew, or a scold; but if you secur, as Traddles would say, "the very dearest girl," and she is woith her salt, then you are a man to be envied. With such a wife, failure is impossible. • You may not make a pile, but you will pile Un whit is far better—joy and gladness—beyond all telling—But you must bear in mind jut one thing that to prevent Marriage being a failure, you must, for yourself and wife, secure good health and this is to be done by taking Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, which for the cure of Indigestion,Wind in the Stornach,Liver Complaints, Biliousness, Spasms, &clr Headache, are world-famed. Have you time to real this lettar from one of the Officials at the Foreign Office, Calcutta, Mr. M. Balleby ? He says " Our Lady friend who tried your Wind Pills spe3lcs very highly of the benefits she has derive! from tteitt use;" He recommends the Wind Pills shoald be largely advertised in India. All sufferers frim lodigestion, Wi,.d in the Stomach, Liver Ccmplaints, Biliousness, Spasms, Sick Headache, &c. may have perfect confidence in Page Woodcoch's Wind Pills. Being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, they may be taken with perfect safety by the most delicate of either sex. Page Woodcock's IVind Pills are sold by all Medi- cine Vendors at Is 1 I and 2s 91 ; post free for price from Page Woes' t.ock, Ltncoln.

Ashton-in-Makerfleld,Efiriestown, GoThorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail ... Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and outheru Counties, North W. 'es, i:ord. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S h Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfiela,Earlestown, Colborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. LEG HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

6-45 Flan. 17-) ex BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS " NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledged to be the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare certain to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 61, From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from P. BLANCHARD, Forest Rd., Dalston,LoiadoA.

"Sanitas"TßADE MAR VTegd Edt &Most Popular. Disinfectant, In all Cases of Fever &for Purifyinff Usc Sanita' H uids,Powders &Soap,. Send for Pamphlet TheS,anitlsCTßethnal Green londoaE , Sanitas Embrocation Bd., 1/-, 2/6

4!:::..0,,iir--, • EIf:HOBE' , -,.. /y. DUYINGYOUR . ___F-, ,__) _.l ilU,i j 1 J i ... .. . _ ... , . _ .:_._. , - 1 ' - • . - ~ . .....„ ~,..:,, ~ . - • 4-00/Ar.".zz., • ' . ~O-WC-/-'4&.., . 4P'•':.',.4"-W44.7k. .-- ~•'' . - .'-''..,:•'•'' , 444 P- -: :..-.• ..' : ' '''': .; :-. - • - ''..:', '' ~ 1414 ' ..,:...;:..... - ;•'-, ..- ',... ~. ~:,.- ': - ' . • • Ts" $ 3T. ea ... : ..... , .. . ... , -,,,........44C0atart ':>. - ''':: , '' • •, . ''• r,.. ' r . :' ' . ' ''•' •- ' • -.."111,-" , r: ,-. .. •r • . .. - '------ - -- --..-,--•=-•-••-•'-.K-_ - _ -, ..__7=NVC RiTeif4:l ,:g;--,--: . ;'•..''..:' ::::; '.. ' ' r, , v ' to , _i_i_i______,i *i.,• i) • s ss catEINENSINUONI TOR,ES T\ ,-o_, .‘,C....1.. ' ;VEST KENSINGTON, LONDON W , • . „,... ~... ifoucts WILL 6E SENT !"OST FREE ONAPPLICATION. .

rThe fincst Cvg,,,e f.sf3)rice. 1;14 g rnonciy can buy io Symirigton's Hr.- - 1 burgh Moo Esr.enou. makes a cup in a moment. fi'em CrocQrs tircu2;h- _ ,a out the world. a aeGeGaee?GeBGsohr44krsiaZpZVXlDCe TBE GRcAT REA] muY. AI ‘.*r 9. liE, Jr. 4 Folt GOUT. 2 LUMBAGO The '9lo:racial- n Sore, Sate nand effectual. Al d a d 2s. 9d. ,ii'lllgGe.,:eainii.niOA:?jasi7lstir:iryeeTisArae„iliecretlaid. Pal' box.

Men who are welk and tired of taking! Nauseous and MYS- TERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Physician, in confidence, and full naricu- lars will In sent FREE as to how all CSSCB of NERVOUS DEBILITY ,LOSS OF VIGOUR, WASTING a.ndALLIED WEAK- NESSEScan &SUCCESSFULLY and PERMANENTLY CURED. —Send stamped addressed envelope to COLLINS CO., 9, Erskine-tee, Liverpcol. Please mention paper.

A GREAT VICTORY. ASTHMA CONQUERED AT LAST. KURAS,., A THE GREAT MEDIC/NAL CURE. A Boon, a Blessing, and Good. News to all sufferers from Asthma, Bronchitis, Severe Colds, Wheeziness, Breath- lessness, and all Bronchial and Pulmonary Affections. KURASMA ...ttnaotmftediTaluiriquft7l use, and is the only genuine Remedy and Core for Asthma, Bronchitis, Severe Colds, Whe.,lng, Breathiessness,Ac. Sufferers should not lose a .I.tylit a bottle. Chronic and most stubborn cases cored. I onion et Able unsolicited testimonials from all ass... 20 per itle from all lending Chemists, or (post free) fro Propriet ors. • medicines, Limited, Oswald Street. Glasgow.

EXHIBITED Carrying ONE TON, Liverpool, Manchester, AND OTHER Exhibitions Great reduction in prices Apr to The Longford Wire ea., Limited, Warringtoq. SHOW ROOMS, A,T' THE WORKS' 11 11 y 111411170 Essences are made from a se- 4> ) lection of the finest coffees grown. 6'4? ; Sold in small and large bottles g by all Grocers. f.eseee•e.a.st,o.eteesee.vemestoS _ - , These tiny Capsulas, relieve Kidney aud 131adde7 trouble promptly. They are 54sperior to TAL• Copalba, Cubebs or Injections, and cure In Co rty-neZght hou ra • , , the same diseosse without 14• l D inconvenience. Capsule ... bears the name 41Wi idy.' by all Chemists, wr post free .3,4 A " from WILCOX & CO., 83,ortIrrper St-,London,ll7. but B 0 41 piLLs ere warranted to cure, in either sex, 11 Organs, Gravel 'oarvelc°annci stipatutiaioisainl tDheisethaacrkge.s w!ireoemfrtohme UringY BlergOrY • Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, in all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through itse world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lin" aid Midland Countiea„,Drug Company, Advb

LLOWAY'S PILLS (Ave Bilious and servous Disorders, SUCH ..#.5 HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, itc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only st,7B,,New Oxford Street, London. and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Venders._

eetr,:ams • .6illast CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE :MAGIC IN RELIEVI)IC ALL PAIN AND THOM= AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, I'l4. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SON. Chemists, CHELTENNAM.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to toe Editor. Matter intended f3r publication must be written on one side only of the paper. Correspmdentr are str mgly ad yds: dto write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one. CHRISTMAS TREE AND ENTERTAINMENT FOR POOR CHILDREN. Sir,—lt has been suggested that it would be desirable to emulate the efforts which are made in Manchester and other large towns to brighten the lives of the poor- est of the poor children in our midst. With this end in view it is proposed to give a Christmas tree and enter- tainment in the Parr Hall, or other suitable place, as soon as can be arranged. To enable this to be done, it is, of course, necessary to raise sufficient funds for the purpose, and those who are charitably disposed and willing to assist in this object may send their contributio .8 to me. Mr. Henry Taylor, P.C.M. ,of 188 Longford-street has promised to act as hon. secretary and distribute the tickets amongst the poor children, irrespective of sect or creed, and I have consented to act as hon treasurer. Would you kindly assist us to bring brightness and happiness amongst those, who are unable to help them- selves ? All donations will be acknowledged trcugh the medium of the press.—Yours etc., W. FL J. JENKINS, Hon. Treasurer. Bank Chambers, Warrington,

IMPORTANT TO LADIES. PROFESSOR TRAINER'S FEMALE CORRECTIVE. CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and ;never fails to bring about the desired result, as testified by thousands. Price 2s. 9d. and 43. 6d. Extra strong us. Care fully packed:and sent free from observation, ADDRESS :-MANAGERESS, MEDICAL:INSTITUTE, 14, PRICE-STREET:(NEIn [Ssitou'eplomE), LIVERPOOL.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 671 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver. Electro Plate, Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables, As.. Ac, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions aiy this Establishment is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND SUM DIRRORANT, BUTTSRMARKRT-STRERT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD„ and The UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes anvils, Vices, Bellows, Nails, Screws. Bolts and Chains MI descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Ran- Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Palate, and Colours, Gal vanised Corrugated Sheets, Roofing Felt, Forgings and Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS! 1 BARGAINS 1 !! (LELVING THE PREMISES.) THE ENTIRE STOCK OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S OUTFITTING AT GREAT REDUCTIONS, MUST BE SOLD. E. WALLER, 34, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED -DEG to inform their former patrons and the Puh- -LP lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASKJABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHERTINGS,SPILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. DARRYTILLE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

THE FAMOUS L. AND Y. TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCO. TiiE SW.SIETE3T AND COOLEST SMOKE ON EARTH,. IN loz. AND 2oz. FOILS, 4cl PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BEsWICK, _ 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.
