===== 0002601_18980624_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. Tre_IDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. -4•A-L,JYRitS LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITE GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co.

ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,850,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office: Set, Cross Street. AGENTS. Mr. C. J. HOLDIRS, Market Gate " .11.11IGBET,Neasclitte.inetoria Rd.,Latohford .................. Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hsrchartw-street . ...Mr. ALPRRD E. CUTTER Mr, 3. FINLOW. cookery Bridge

1/4"el— il'•

===== 0002601_18980624_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Altqb.

1 4,

......

===== 0002601_18980624_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AN 0 kjo,, ExitmiNEß " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOIL AMAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDINEY STE4W4IIS It= LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE STAR LINE ROYAL ,v MAIL STBAMBRS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown, MAJESTIC—Wed.. June 29. 1 GERMANIC Wed., July 6, Second Cabin will be carried on tile voyage alarmed thus. Steerage passage at low rates Including Outfit free 0* theme to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore/ Apply to lessAY, Lawn, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Ladenhall trod, Ide,n4qx ILD„

===== 0002601_18980624_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
W OMEN'S AILMENTS.

RREdU.LAR-ITIES, /to.— , having tried- in vain every advertised itmcay, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whico will act inn tew hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worthless Pills, Itriztures Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONE?' HENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings Chancery-lane, London. FREE TO MEN. _ _

when you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs write to me and I will send you a ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure lor lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. bent in envelope on receipt ot two stamp. for postage. A. J. I,Ezezi, 1192-93, Great BusseLt•str et, London, W.O

1 THE LEADING CLOTHIERS

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN,

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FAZTORS.

We hold the largest Stock in the district to select from, comprising the following well-known makes, viz. :

RIIDGE-WIIITWORM, LTD., NEw HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES, SUNBEAM CYCLES, BAYLISS, THOMAS, AND CO., EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO.

. All the above makes will be on view at

SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE.

REPAIRS OF ALL RINDS, AND MACHINES

===== 0002601_18980624_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BUILT TO ORDUB

On the Premises by skilled Mrrhanies who have been employed for some years Building Cycles for

MESSRS. RUDGE-WHITWORTH LTD. Customers may depend upon their orders be+ tag executed in a first-class manner and at moderate Charges. MANAGING PARTNER AND DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE:—

MR. J. H. DUTTON.

ENVEL•OPE 28. PER 1,000. joliN WALKER AND CO

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. lid. each.l Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, W'AREINGTON

EST&BLIBHED 1833.

THE WARRINGTON SLAM CO., LD DINORWIE AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY d CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. Haan OFFICIC : Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel./Wrens, Arpley, Warrington. j Warrington.

WORSLEYS "AT HOMES," TO-DAY, and every day, until the end of the preeent month, a

TEA AND REFRESHMENT Roon WILL BE OPEN TO VISITORS. and light refreshments supplied free of charge, at the premises GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

Whilst at the Showrooms visitors would find plea- sure in inspecting the large stock of Furniture and effects now on the Premises, comprising cry HOI7SRHOLD REQUISITE, all marked in plain figures, and in many instances considerably under co.st price. There is now being held A S PECIAL CASH BARGAIN SALK, The special bargains being collected together into , one Large Showri,om : Amongst other items, and RA an illustration of cheapness, may be quoL.d the following :

4,10;#1

11

, •

• :1, 4

!,

or! 1:'

Olt

I

3

-

.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS,

&wad-hand PILNOS, from £1 15g. OD.

New Rosenthal "Long Reign" utudel Cottage in Walnut case. Iron Frame, Check action full Fri- chord. This is the instrument nom- rnented on ao favourably at £lB 18s. and Which went a long way to secure Woreley's the Gold Medal £l4 105. 013 at the recent Exhibition Pianos by all the best makers at equally astonishing prices. DINING ROOll. DINING-ROOM SUITE. in Soli.i .04 GI Frames, well upholstered, frJus ehd 12g. Special line in solid walnut frames, bold carving. upholstered in best quality saddlebag,. consisting of Massive Couch, pair of luxurious Divan. Hisy ()Maim and the £lO 10S. O. usual small chairs D hunerior Second-hand Suite in REAL LEATHER. To an im- £7 7s. O. mediate purchaser Quantity of Superior SIDE- BOARDS of modern design, in £2 -LVS. On. various woods, from Large quantity of OVEN- MANTELS, In walnut, oak, and £0 i 4. ii mahogany, trona Dining TABLES, with loose £1 O toe. 0.13 leaves from Splendid Selection also of DRAWING, BEDROOM AND

_ __- LIBRARY FURNITURE, AT EQUALLY LOW PRICES. An Enormous Quantity of ADOILED BEDSTEADS. Full sizes from 63. 6d. each. AIL BRASS FROM 353.

COTS FROII ss. 11n. Very Large Quantity of Soiled FIRE BRASSES From is 101, per set. Braes Rail BENDERS from 3s. COILED LACE CURTAINS From Hid. per pair. Chenille from 4e. Ild, per pair. Cane-seated CHAIRS from le. 111. each.

TEA AND REFRESHMENT& eupplied by the " CHINO " CAFE CO„ LTD.

By Order of the RECEIVER AND LIQUIDATORS.

WORSLEYS LIMITED on Liquidation),

GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Gl-

===== 0002601_18980624_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
2 M cDOUGA LL'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR ONCE TRAINIZ"usan

LADIES' LETTER.

MY Dias Nzun. - There is a distinct change in the shape and trimming of hats this season, and the disposition of the trimmings is even more altered than the shape of the hats. Many smart hats are trimmed with folds of glac6 silk veiled with tulle, plain, spotted or beaded, but these need careful arrange- ment if they are to be neither too formal nor yet untidy-looking. A coarse blue straw hat, with folds of white silk covered lightly with silver- spotted blue tulle round the crown, four small white wings at the back and a cluster of corn- &wen' underneath, is useful yet stylish, and such a model might be worn with almost any kind of gown.

Ithough the shape described—that is to say, one that has a nearly flat brim much upturned at the back and which is worn well forward—is per- haps the one most generally popular at the moment, a newer style of hat is that which has a broad brim drooping in front and behind, but it is raised at the sides by thick wreaths of flowers or masses of bows or rosettes. It is a shape that looks its best trimmed with two or more long ostrich feathers starting from a buckle or handsome paste ornament in the centre of the front and sweeping round to the back, lying gracefully on the brim. This hat is often seen in white or cream chip, with feathers of the same colour, and pink roses or carnations mixed with rosettes of old Imo beneath the brim rt,t above the ears. A meet useful unlined blouse, which can be worn on warm days squally with a smart skirt or with a plain one of alpaca, can he made in alpaca, washing silk, or cambric. It is extremely pretty in silk and ecru insertion lace, and this being thin, should be made up on a very thin lining, which can he cut exactly like the silk, but laid fiat under the tucks, and thus preserving the loose effect.

Some delightful morning blouses can be made in cambric. They can be made most simple. Two or three tucks are stitched, then a line of insertion embroidery is sewn on, and three more tucks made, end the front can be shaped, and made up in the usual manner. There is only a plain left side wit.hont fulness, and the front fastens over this, the frill falling quite to the edge, and leaving the entire front in one piece. The sleeves are small, and of the shaped bishop style, finished with cuffs of insertion. This model is pretty in pink or blue linen, with white insertion, and can be worn with turn-down collar and cuffs.

Smart gowns for tine sunny days are now the chief desideratum, and if idle season is to last well into August, as predicted, gowns of the lightest texture should be required, if we are to make up for the long spell of unfavourable weather already experienced. The very soft, limp, woollen fabrics are in demand this season, as they hang in the ap- proved fashion, and also make up well into frills, pleatings, and bonillonnees. In the very soft materials, those of plain colour, such as nun's veiling, barege, cashmere, voile, and similar tex- tures, are mostly favoured, and trimmings are of the most ornate description. Narrow ribbon, used as frills, or rows in groups of the IJ4b6 width, are still very fashionable, and those appliqu•S garland laces are seen everywhere, and used alike on cloth or muslin. Frills are also fastened down at inter• vale with lace motifs, which can be cub from the garland trimmi LIZ%

dainty little gown can be made of light blue linen, mixed with blue pin-spotted cambric, the s_pot in a brighter and deeper blue. The deep flounce is gored, like an ordinary skirt, and, there is only a little fulness at the front and sides. The edge is simply hemmed up rather deeply, and stitched by machine, and the top of the skirt is made in yoke fashion, fitting closely, and the flounce joined on with a band ot linen covering the seem. The cambric yoke is gauged in lines, and the everpart of btue linen is put on fell, and out- lined with a narrow stitched band of linen. A black silk dress looks well with a plain and fairly full skirt, and a bodice with tight back and erinlitiingghtofbne amr raodwo slightly ponchesdilfkroenat.gedT!l:lit,blhOtialef by a beaded gimp, and a full with relavceerehoefad eki vest of black lace, or, if prcferred, of tucked silk, striped with rows of the gimp sewn between the tucks. Have a narrow folded belt of silk with a iet clasp,, and finish the wrists and neck with lace

Your loving JENNIE:.

EVERY WOMAN Should send two 'tamps for our NBia BOOK containing valuable information to Ladles' Low ail Irregularities may be entirely Avoided mended by eminent Physicians as the only or Removed by Simple le Safe,N ss Rec Sure, re, and genuine Remedy. " sever Fhils, Thomands of Testi- s onials.--alr. NV. E. IsibrsNelf Itl). Claremont House Forevt-roftd,Dalot.on Loud

. .. -- . , effi ft / ~,,,7 7 ~/,/ ~ ~, Vo• A

7, I , ( II / iiig•lii',/ye L'1,,,,i.!:,1 4-tA,,.m..64 0. '7'7:&l ' 4 7:, . :II Iqr 1 I 11: 41' fy„ Jr .. i 11 I P ' .4...5i1k:. ..._. , t::"; , u p 7 * ~ : 0.7/ 44/ .-, , ' 7,.. • „

<7---- , - _ • ::1. 0 i,A.M. • 1 ' 1 • . -,'6% •!;),/ 2: 1 'AA 1111. Y. A( -, „ : A ,t. • . ,l' iii '.. , // 1/ • ',11., t Pdp ~iili ' 7 ,_.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Her Majesty has celebrated yet another jubilee—her jubilee as " Lady of Balmoral." The Queen purchased Balmoral in the summer of 1848, half a century ago, and took possession of it in the following September. To commemorate the event,* fountain is to be erected on a suitable spot, on the Ballater road. Although the ruler of the largest and richest empire tree world has ever seen, the Queen is by no Trlealls the richest person on the earth. Out of the £385.000 al- lowed her,all except £98,000 is spent by those responsi- ble for the maintenance of the Royal Household, and of the £96,000, £.38,C00 is put by for a rainy day, so that the exact amount received by the Sovereign is only £BO,OOO, as fixed by Parliament. 'I be Queen. however, possesses private means. The Duchy of Lancaster brings her £48,000 per annum,her land in Great Britain yields a rent roll of not less than £20,000 a year, and she owns also considerable property in Germany, sad New York. Claremont House, Osborne, and Balmoral too, are the private property of the Queen. The first named—the home of the Duchess of Albany—etanding in its estate of 480 acres, was bought for £74,000, a decided bargein,as it originally cost Lord Clive £150,000. Balmoral and Osborne are said to be worth about half a million sterl- ing. Norria Castle, concerning the purchase of which, by the Queen, there has been so much speculation of 13.te,is one of the most beautiful seats in the Isle of Wight. Sur- rounded by splendid treee,robed in ivy, and begirt with feir lawns, the Castle as seen from the Solent has a venerab:e appearance. As a matter of fact though, it enly dates from the beginning of the century, having been built for Lord Henry Seymour by Sir J.Wyattyille. George IV. was entertained there by Lord Henry in 1819 and subsequently the Queen when Princess Victoria, and 1 the Duchers of Kent, constantly resided at Norris. lo 1844 her lelejesty and Prince Albert were enxieue to buy I the Castlo (in preferenca to Osborne) but terms could not then be arranged. Like so many of the Queen's descendants, the young Princess Alice of Albany 13055,99 PS marked artistic lean- ings, and the patience and industry to apply herself toi the studies necessary to secure SUCCOSA in art. Her Roya Flift,hne3s is a great favourite with her eunt,the Princess Louise, perhaps the most gifted from an artistic point of view, of all the Queen's daughters; who is keenly Inter- Petted in the progress of her tierce. In all probability I Princess Alice will join the Royal circle, at one of next year's Drawing Rooms, Yonthfol Princesses of our Royal Family have always been treated as though their con- firmation was equiva;ent to the "coming nut" of less ex- alted members of society, and Princess Alice of Albany I Was duly included in a Queen's dinner party at Windsor. before the flight of the Court to the North. The celebrated vine at Hampton Court Palace, which with two or three exCeptione, is the largest in Europe. Is I showing signs of decay. It was planted in the year 1789, and has gone on bearing otter 2,000 hunches of grapes for the last hundred years. It now seems to be feeling the effeet r‘f old age, and this year much of the fruit is vine ,o,bf thealobni egf. belongsto et r itheas aa variety only nyi el y two wBo especiallyaot r Ham- burg,others s ie in removed and only about 1000 launcher; will be left to mature.,,nc3 .Tphoe, apart tt fliorrittabienCltle:E' can be compared with it. One is at Cumberland Lodge in Windsor Park,and the other is the famoue Breadalbene vine in Pertlaehire. Hampton Court Pelece is still erte of the finest of the royal palaces. The public are admitted free to the palace and gardens, but a emelt sum is charged for viewing the great vine. It is veonderfnl what strider, we women have made of late years, in the art of dining. Once upon a time, we were never suppesed to need mere than a few mersels- per day, and the woman who could appreciate and eat a good meal was regarded as nothing better than a savage. Now however we have changed all that, and without beeoming gourmets are able to enjoy and appreciate,with rine men folk, the good things of the table. Women's Clubs though, albeit of recent Innovation, seem scarcely to have greened the existing state of things, for the food one is offsred at these establishments is usually of the most indifferent kind. The tea and coffee is good enough, but the food is of the dullest and it never varies. Oily a week back, I beguiled a friend into a club, at which in its early days, I had partaken of a very excel- lent luncb,assnring bet the food was not in the least like that usually served at clubs devoted to our Use. But alas, the glory of the place hed departed, and my friend . looked reproachful as she strugglee with the tough and ' tastelese cutleter which lead been served to us. "My dear," she said at length, "the glass, silver, and able- arrangements generally, " are irrepreaehe ble I admit, but—a man's restaurant for me in future !" The origin of glass is uncertain, but it dates from hie) antiquity. The Egyptians. who made chemistry their study were arqueinted with it 5 000 or 6,000 years ago. The glass of Egypt was generally opaque, rarely trans- parent, and always colered. After tlie Egyptians, the People of antiquity most renowned for glass were the Phoeniciarta, who indeed were the legendary inventors of it. Early in the nineteenth century the Venetians, cultivated the art, and from them it extended late Ger. many and France. British table glass has not a very long history, nor bee it any merit to distinruittli it above that of other countries. Until late in the 1.66 h century; but little fine clese W*9 made, nor had it any chance of Competing with the b-autiful silver work which it was ultimately destined to supplant, as those who possess specimens of it must he well aware of, for whilst silver improves in appearance by being placed on white napery the lusterless badly-coloured old glass looks p< or and mean upon a table cloth. In the middle ages, the orna- mentation of the table was one of the greatest Pleasures of the Wealthy, and glass could not compete in size of the richness with the huge hanape, big spice plates. sil- ver harnessed horns, agate and capital cups, and nets, with which the rich surrounded themselves. Miss Dixon, who recently translated Tetrarch's letters is now in Tuscany, engaged in tracing the history of the woolen industry in that country. An excellent Italian scholar, Abe has alreedy done much, a fact WA cannot appreciate too highly, as it is only by studying the me- thods of these wise and cunning mediseval manufac hirers, that we can hope to improve our borne goods! For after all this nineteenth century has witnessed sad decadence in dress fabric. Beauty, durability, genuineness have all been sacrificed to the modern pas- sion for cheapness and show. The eollette,which is concocted out of a square, all the four points being utilised, is in high favour. These dainty additions to a toilette are built usually of chiffon, or silk, closely pleated in sun-ray pleating, edged all round with lace, and Mounted so es to allow one point , ack and for e t n the to fall en each shoulder, and the remaining points, One t fb7,nvett:, an d wh Embroideredite gauati ribbon is em- ployedll9ss figures inside the tares, ruff which finishes rff the neck. The shops at the present moment are inundated with the ready-made shirt and Nouse, but as ever their prettiness is usually of the catch-penny order. All hut the very expensive ores have that look, and even the best are most lamentably deficient in that subtle quality of cut, which can hardly be too diligently sought after, and too highly rated when found. The beet plan is to hink to a or Online, I+lo fira

CADBURY'S COM\ has a 'world-wide reputation Ira deli- eiOus, streugtkenlng beversge a“cl a valuable nutritive fold The "Lancet" says it represe—te tt the stAucl.s.rd of highest purity.: Always insist on having CABRITRY'S—.OI,I only In rackets and Tins—as other COMM! are often sulcotitutod for the sake of esti.% profit.—Ada (2.)

well, take the pattern for future use, and manufacture our own, that is if dressmakers' expenses are at moment to us. By this means the most fascinating creations can be obtained at little cost; and the knowledge that in this respect at least, we are smartly turned out, will amply repay any trouble we may have tail( n. Because hot water is to be had for the making, many people think lightly of it, as a medical property. But in so doing they make a huge mistake. Nothing so promptly cuts short sore throat or rheumasism as hot water,whm applied promptly and thoroughly. Headache almost almost always yields to the simultaneous application of hot water to the feet and back of the neck. A strip of flannel folded lengthwise and dipped in hot water and wrung out, then applied r.,und the neck of a child that ' has croup will sometimes bring relief in ten minutes Hot water taken freely half an hour before bedtime is helpful in the case of constilation, while a glass of hot water taken just after rising, before breakfast, has cured thousands of indigestion, and no simpler remedy is more widely recommended by physicians to dyspeptics. Mackerel Pie.—Clean and slice two mackerel,add one bay leaf, six cloves, a sprig of parsley, sprinkle with pepper, and salt, add one teacupful of water, place in a dish, and cover with a crust. Bake half an hour in a moderate oven.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18980624_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON VOLUNTEER SEL‘GEA.NI'S FIAPPY

The 50:h anniversary of the incorporation of the borough of Warrington is an event of considerable re- pining on the part of its inhabitants, marking, as it does not only a considerable increase in its stz) and population but an enormous dovelopmsnt of its local industries and resources. But at No. 6, General-street, Warrington, resides a working man who i?, perhaps, at the present moment onu of the happiest and and /Wst thankful men U the town.

--- RYDER. His name is George Ryder. and be is 26 years of age. Ryder, who, by the way, is a volunteer sergeant much respected in the Warrington battalien, follows the trade i of a horse shunter on the railway, and about four years and a half ago he had occasion to rub down one of the horses under his care,which was suffering from scrofula. Shortly afterwards he noticed a" breaking-out "as he , termed it to a local reporter (who interviewed him and . gave him permission to publish his whole history), on . both of his hands. They commenced to itch, and in a short time his work, which had hitherto been a pleasnre to him,wa• carried on with considerable difficulty,while his rest was disturhe.d at night. One or two local medi- cal men were consulted, and their diagnosis was that be was suffering from eczema. Various remedies were tried, but none produced the deeired benefit. At length he wee compelled to obtain other advice, and for seven weeks was a patient in the Manchester and Salford Hospital. Benefit was obtained from had the treatment while he remained in hospital, but h ad no sooner returned to werk than the disease broke ont again with renewed vigour, and he found it necessary to go about with both hands, which were very much swollen, wrapped up and enclosed in cotton gloves. Occacioually the flesh was torn off his hands when he removed the bandages, and his condition was pitiable in the extreme. A Liverpool specialist was now consulted, but still the pais and trouble continued. It is a long lane,however, which has no turning. Life was becoming a burden to him,and he had almost begun to despair. All the money he could spare was spent in trying remedies recommended by friends and neigh- bours, but with the inevitable result—failure. At length one day, an eventful one in his history es it proved to be,a neighbour brought under his notice the ease of a woman who had been cured of a similar skin disease by the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pate People. An advertisement in a local newspaper relating to the pills was shown to him and he lost no time in ob. taming a box of the pills,andit was fortunate for him th it he did so. When the contents of the second box had been taken he noticed a great improvement in the condition of hie hands, and so satisfied was he with the treatment that a third, and then a fourth box were bought,and, to use his actual words, "I am better now than I have been all along." He no longer has occasion to go to work with covered hands, and he informed the reporter thafte regards Dr. Williams as a public ben factor, and blesses the day he heard of his pills. Ho eleepa well at night, is in excellent bodily health and no ono could tell from an examination of his hands that he ha] So long suffered from such a troublesome disease. He has been warmly congratulated by his friends and neigh- bours upon hie recoverY,and informed the reporter who interviewed him in the presence of several friends that be has infinite if the faith in the remedy, and believes that f the trouble should recur it can easily be removed by a continuance of the pills. An indication of the excellent s:ate of Ryder's beal:h is afforded by the fact that when the reporter Waite,l upon him at his house, on his return from work the °thee evening he was preparing his sccountreinents for a week's encampment with the local volunte.ir battelion at Rhyl, where, he said, he had no doubt he should not only be able to put in as much drill as any other man hut, freed from pain in his hands, he was happy as he had ever been in his life. Ryder is anxious that other people suffering from the same diseaee should be made aevainted with the won- derful effects of Dr. Williams' Piolt Pills. He was loud in his praises of their efficacious effects, about which in fact lie never seemed to tire of talking. He courts the fullest inquiry, and will be pleased to substantiate every word contained in this interview to any one who would like to call upon him. That, Ryder, who is highly reF- pected, careful, sober and industrious man, is iutensely thankful was evident from his conversation. He has found a cure f..r hie ailment, and he is anxious that . other sufferers should known of its existence,aed receive equal beLefic.

A telegram from Constantinople states tint a sister of the Sultan has boon anduoted by a band of briglnds. the had been staying at Kizil Topeak,a ,evr miles from the oapital.and while walking with her attendant was seized by a band oh torty brigands and Ca',ied off to the mountains.

"IT

#4024% - \ ~•._ - , MR. GEORGE R, '

===== 0002601_18980624_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
rim EXAMINER, F_RIDA Y, JUNE 24, 1898

"CAMAL" CHAT.

Art circles here are very deeply stirred by the destb of Sir l. Burne-Jones, and his mecits,persanal and professional, are the subjects of can ,ersatioa on all sides. His death adds the loss of anther great artist to those losses which the country so recently suffered by the death of Llrd Leighton and Sir John Millais. The obituary notices of him abound with anecdotes which show the lovableness of the man personally. It is remarkable the, he was rarely seen in the haunts and among the festivities of men. The same withdrawal from the gaze of public curiosity has been a characteristic of most of the greatest men of the century. One need only name Tennyson. Carlyle, Herbert Spencer, Darwin Ruskin, and Swinburne.

There are more reasons than the Welsh coal strike for the abandonment of the naval manceavres this year. The announcement has caused some con- sternation in naval circles, not to speak of the dock- yards. It is not merely a sufficiency of Welsh coal, but also the price, that is entering into the calcu- latione of the Admiralty; but it can hardly be that these would be sufficient reasons in a time of perfect international repose. The political element has as much to do with the abandonment of the mance•lyres land probably more than the stocks and price 01 coal, Britaiu needs to be strongly represented,both at the Philippines and in Chinese waters,and in the event of trouble arising there trouble will arise in Europe as well. But the resolute feeling v 7 ,ich has grown up in America to submit to nn dictation or inter- ference from Germany in reference to the Philip- pines appears to have had the eff set already of sobering the tone or German opinion and the aims of the German Government, and the catesmen of the Fatherland cannot conceal from themselves the fact that their country might citue out of a quarrel with America a much smaller "sea Power" than it at present is.

The town of Kano, ab)ut which so signal a blun- der has ben made in the Niger Convention, as is indicated by its surrender to France, is tile greatest town in the Central Soudan. It is (le most even- ' sive market in Central Africa. Its wails are 15 mile , in circnit.and its population is stated by those who I have visited it at 150,000. It is a commercial Mecca. to which flock all the traders ot Central Africa. Through he pass the Mahornmedan pilgrims who are on their way to the religieus Mecca in Arabia, and there they provision themselves for a long stage in their journey. It is not merely a market, it is a great manufacturing place. In it are woven the costliest cloths of the Soudan, and these it both wears and exports in enormous quantities. Indigo is largely cultivated around it,and dyeing is carried on to a great extent. Morocco leather is the work of Kano artisans, and most of the water skins used in the deserts of North Africa come from Kann. Sometimes a single caravan will 'convey £lOO,OOO worth of kola nuts from the west of the Niger,and from Kano they radiate as a luxury or a dissipa- tion along the . innumerable trade routes of which this town is the centre. One traveller estimates its annual trade at £15.000,000 sterling. The blunder is a very curious WI% and by it. probably hangs a strange tale ot bitter and protracted wgotiatious.

It is said that Sir W. Lawson and his party do not intend to appeal against the decision of the magistrate in reference to the parliamentary " shebeen." Sir Wilfrid contemplates raising the question in a different form, though what he is to gain by the new method nobody is able to say. How U summons against Lord Stanley, the Chairman of the Kitchen Committee, is to sisccatel, when on. against the barman who actually sold the drink is a legal conundrum. Lord Stanley signs the cheques, assists in directing the operations in the lobbies and dining-rooms as well es in the strangers' bars ; but unless Sir Wilfrid can find a means of bringing the question before a new court, or a cliff -rent magistrate. his position is exactly where it was. His case was not lost beca use he had Proceeded against the wrong person, It was lost ispQn its merits, and it was stronger against the barman than it can be against Lord Stanley.

A curious rumour has got afloat in Unionist quer- tots. to the effect that Mr. Chamberlain is contem- plating a personal move of a sensational kind. The versions given of his supposed intentions are vague and rather csntradictory, but they agree in the sup- position that he contemplates an early retirement frbm his present post. A favourite suggestion is that of a possible Rosebery•Chamberlain entente, but this may be dismissed offhand. Another notion, which has at least the stamp of greater probability, is that the Colonial Secretary may resign in order to make himself the leader of the large number of Unionists who are discontented with the foreign policy of the Goverement. That he is greatly dis- satisfied with his present position seems beyond all doubt, and if things take the turn which he appears to expect in the Far East and in West Africa his friends believe he will not remain to share in the shipwreck of a policy which he has never pre- tended to approve. Whatever may be the facts,the disquieting idea that he contemplates some sen- sational change has certainly got abroad in Con- servative circles, and the extent to which it is credited goes a long way to show how very. little in spite of all that has happened,the Colonial Secretary can count on Tory confidence.

It was Dirraeli who predicted that the battle of the Reformation would have to be fresght ov sr again in the Church of England. Meanwhile, the House of Commons is conducting some preliminary skir- mishes. Sir William Harcourt has thrown himself into the fray with an ardour that reminds one of old times. Not since the Agricultural Rating Bill was being crammed down the throat of Parliament has the leader of the Opposition shown so much persistency in criticism, or such unflagging devo- tion to the post of duty. Hour after hour on Tuesday night he stuck to his place, raising his voice every now and then to persuade.to warn,or to fulminate in echoing periods. His activity put new life into the scene. The dubious music of the division bell kept the lobbies alive throughout the night. An alert Opposition watched with lynx eyes every move in the Ministerial game The Government on their part had to tread warily lest their feet should he caught in the dangerous net of Ritualism. Their cue was to evade the issue so perseveringly raised by their opponents. "We agree with much that - you say." was Mr. Balfour's unvarying reply to the , Liberal leader," but we fail to see how the question arises here."

-- The tragedy at the launching of the Albion ie still engrossing the thoughts ef the public, and the large death roll has spread a wide gloom ever the Eeast-end Among the sal features of the calaunty is the number of women and girls who figure amongst the drowned. The list might has been five or six times geeater than it is, and it is some com- fort that the whole of the ')00 or 250 people on the submerged gangway were not hurried to eternity. ilt s said that the gangway s'aging was not only marked dangerous,but that the police were charged not to allow the public to have 0, ,'C'Ss to it. Round this point the inquest, will chiefly turn,as it is ob- vious that the shipbuilding company, the the public themselves are to blame. The presence in a dangerous of two or three hundred young people on a struc- ture avowedlypolice, or . position is a circum- stance that will require some explaining.

I hear that the Public Accounts Committee had before them on Wedneqday t',e question of the treatment which was accorded to the officers impli- cated in the Jameson rail It appears that a war- rant exists under which officers who may be invited to retire,except in cases of absolute rnisconduct,are entitled to certain allowances and gratuities. In the case of Colonel Rhodes and his colleagues the benefit of this warrant was granted,and the Auditor ' General has duly reported this fact to the commit- tee, I gather that the committee were of opinion that this was somewhat unduly straining the terms of the warrant,and they are likely to mention this in their next, report. It is certainly a little difficult to see how a case of deliberate disobedience to or- ders like that which was manifested on the occasion of the raid into the Transvaal can be circ3pted from the general category of ofLnces which constitute misconduct.

Much cons'ernation has been caused in a popular distict of Antwerp by a large number of persons haying. heen poisoned throucth natinct. it is supposed. ice cream sold in the streets Icy Italian hawUers. Two persons have died and thirty-five women and children are in hospital suffering from till effects of the poison.

DON'T PASS THIS! Sufferers fron Grwel, Lumbago, Pilos. Paine In the Beek Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, DISIMPS of Kidneys, Bladder. Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a positive Cure In Stoldroyd's °most PO's. Try a small box and it not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices ls. lid.. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from ROLDRnYD'S, Medical Hall, Cheekhesten, Yorks. Sold at 35. Orldge-street Warrington. Don't be pot off. if you cannot get them wr!to to the Proprietor:and:a box will ernt next post—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Copyrum. 7

THE WEST ROOM: AN UNSOLVED MYSTERY.

By LUCY HARDY, Author of "That Terrible Christmas Eve," "A

Story of a Curse," dm.

We canoot select our own time for enduring attacks of the gout; or I should have thought it particularly inconsiderate of Frank's old uncle to have chosen the period ho did for being seized with what he calls "a visit from my old enemy," and summoning my husband to travel to the remote wilds of Scotland in order to receive "what may be my last words." We had just looked forward to such a happy time of rest and quiet after our wanderings abroad ; and, in present circumstances, Frank was particularly unwilling to leave me alone. We had been married just seven years; seven years of such happiness as falls to the lot of but few wedded folks, I think ; and the three children, at least, had thriven during their wandering life with their father's regiment. But I had had quite enough of "foreign service," and greatly rejoiced at Frank's appointment to a" depot" in a Western English county, where we had secured a charming old house, within an easy drive of the town, with a garden which charmed the hearts of the children. Just, however, as we had settled in our new home Callle an urgent letter from old Sir John, or, rather, from his doctor. The Scotch estate was entailed, and Sir John, a very grave and dignified old gentleman, was always fond of expatiating upon "the responsibilities which will hereafter devolve upon Francis, my direct heir, and his son John, my great-nephew." Somehow I never recognised dear old Frank and little Jack under these imposing titles. Whenever Sir John had an extra bad fit of gout he always—if Frank cfianced to be in Eng- land—expected him to rush off to Scotland to receive his farewells and testamentary instructions; and when my husband once reached Inverloch, it was difficult for him to escape again. Still, the old man had always been kind ui us after his fashion, and was solitary and ill; so I could not oppose my husband's departure; though I believed his uncle's "last attack " would pass off as many others had done, and this alarm for his life prove unfounded.

"I don't like leaving you, little woman," said my husband, "but if the poor fellow really is as bad as they say, it seems cruel to refuse to go to hint. I tell you what, I shall write and ask Rhoda to stay here while lam away—l can't leave you with only the servants." said, rather doubtfully. Truth to tell, I was not a little afraid of Rhoda, my husband's half-sister, whom I lcoked upon as one of those admirable pereOltflot destined to go through life rather respected than beloved. I knew Frank was greatly attached to her. His own mother had died in giving him birth, and his father had remarried within a year or two. Rhoda's mother (contrary to the established tradition) had proved a most kind and devoted step-parent; and Frank had always regarded the baby girl, born a few years later than himself, as his actual sister. The two had grown up together as inseparable companions, no other children arriving in the family. We had been so much abroad throughout our married life that I had seen very little of any of my husband's relatives, but I knew that Frank's marriage had not been exactly a source of satisfaction to any of them. Ills father was dead when our wedding took place, and Sir John eipressed no opinion Upon the matter; but I was fully aware that most of Frank's kindred considered that Captain Seton, young and handsome, and with the Scotch estates in prospect, might have "done better" than marry the penniless orphan of a country vicar. I had a very vivid recollection of a three days' visit to Frank's step-mother shortly after our marriage, during which, though I was treated with the most punctilious kindness and courtesy, I pelt that both Mrs. Seton and her daughter were weighing me in the balance—and finding me wanting. Of Rhoda, 6. keen-eyed, dark-haired, clever woman of twenty- five, I felt especial awe; and as conversation revealed toy deficiencies, my ignorance of the many "ologies " which Rhoda had at her fingers' ends, my apathy regarding the "burning questions " of the day, in which my sister-in-law was so deeply interested, I felt myself but a silly child, for all my twenty years and newly-acquired matronly dignity. I suspected that I was a disappointment to Frank's relatives; and Rhoda, though she received me kindly for my husband's sake, was too candid by nature to be able entirely to hide this feeling. Though we had always corresponded in srthodox relationly fashion, I had never mit my sister-in-law since that time, and the prosp(c; of having to entertain this—to me—rather formidable connection without Frank at hand to support me was not cheering. "You'll find out what a brick Rhoda is when von come, to know her Letter, Nell," said my husband. "I know she is rather stiff at first." "She is,,, I said fervently. "But she is the kindest and best-hearted girl in the world," went on Frank; and I murmured the acquiescence so often paid to the dictum that a repellent manner covers the "best heart in the world."

"But the children ? " I said doubtfully. "Oh, they'll get on all right; Rhoda adores children. Look here, little woman, I can't go away and leave you—with what is to happen soon —without some responsible person to look after you and the babies. Now, if Rhoda is here, I shall know everything is going on well, and that Jack won't be left to fall into the pond, or May to tumble out of the window, if you should be laid up while lam away. You won't mind having Rhoda here, will you, darling, to ease my mind? " Of course, I consented ; and when another imperative telegram called Frank away to Scotland that very afternoon, I was not, after all, sorry that my sister-in-law was to arrive the next day; for, formidable as I felt her to be, it was but a dreary thing to be left alone in the house with the s,rvants—and the new baby's arrival expected every day. Rhoda, at thirty-two, was but little altered from my memories of her seven 3 ears ago; the same rather abrupt manner, keen glances, and short, decisive speeches. But she surprised me when the children were introduced. "Are those the babies? —oh, you darlings! " she cried, opening her arms with an entirely new expression upon her face; and one of my fears—that the children would be afraid of her--was set at rest for ever..

• Indeed, it required but a day or two to make Rhoda the idol of the nursery; the children being utterly unawed by her talents, her Girton degree, her keen dark eyes. I actually once, on entering the nursery unexpectedly, found its lawful guardian absent, and my grave sister-in-law seated on the ground, with all her hair loose, while Jack mimicked the regimental barber, to the screaming delight of his two sisters ; Rhoda laughing as loudly as the children. She sprang up when I entered, and seemed half-vexed at having been thus detected; but my awe of her was considerably diminished from that day; and when Jack confi- dentially inforivel me that "Auntie Rhody was the jolliest am to in the world—she could tell better stories than O'Flynn," I knew his heart at least was won ; for O'Flynn (a disreputable soldier servant whose many delinquencies we had long winked at for the sake of his devotion to the children) was Jack's ideal of human excellence. To myself Rhoda was extremely kind and attentive, perhaps considering the children reflected some credit upon me; and I could truthfully write and tell Frank that I was "very glad " to have her with me, in the circumstances. For Sir John was still very ill, and, though the doctor was hopeful of his recovery, the old man himself piteously entreated Frank to remain with him ; and it seemed cruel to refuse. •,••

_ "Did you choose your own rooms when you came into this house, Ellen? " said my sister-in-law one day.

"No; we have taken the house furnished, and we occupy the Same bedrooms the last tenants did. Why do you ask ? " "Because I have been thinking that, when baby comes, you would be so far more comfortable in that large bedroom a the end of the passage than where you are now, opposite the nursery, where every little noise must disturb you." "I never thought about that; I always like to bo.near the children," I said.

_ "Let me occupy your present room," urged Rhoda. "Really, Ellen, you will be better further off. The children will be obliged to keep un- naturally quiet." "I hate keeping quiet," remarked Jack sotto rose, to which May responded, with all an elder sister's dignity, "You nover do." "I wish you would look at that West Room, went on Rhoda; "it is really the largest and the pleasantest bedroom in the house, and it is odd that the other tenants did not use it; but perhaps, like yourself, they wished to be near the nursery." I yielded to Rhoda's importunities, inspected the room, and was certainly struck with the size and

commodiousness or rue aisused apartment, witn its convenient and spacious dressing-room opening out of it. The house was one of those old-fashioned mansions to which successive architects have added rooms in all manner of unexpected corners. It was far larger than its present owners requsred, and they had left several of the apartments un- furnished, which afforded the children some lelightful playgrounds on wet days. This disused bedroom—the 'West Room," as it was designated on the label below its bell—was the largest in the house, but it had apparently been little occupied, though it was well furnished—in the somewhat Dumbrous style of several generations back. It was, in a way, cut off from the rest of the house; this apartment, and a small turret room above it, approached by a winding staircase, being "built DIA "at the end of a passage, and shut off from the other rooms by a stout oaken door. A spacious dressing-room opened out of the bedroom, and these two apartments and the little chamber above had apparently been added to the original house by a kind of afterthought on the part of some architect. . . . _

"When you and your nurse want to be quiet, how convenient this outer door will bet remarked Rhoda; and I agreed to have the room cleaned, aired, and made ready for my time of trial. Certainly, when I first took possession of the 'Vest Room one autumn evening, I could not help 'inking that my sister-in-law had been wise in her ...vgestion. I was feeling very nervous and ..pressed. and sometimes even the voices of the romping bairn ies across the way were a trial. Now I could sleep undisturbed, and without interfering with the children's play; and I had overheard some whispered plan between Jack and May for an invasion of "Aunty Rhody's room" at daybreak, and of the expected delights of a "bolster match" with that lady. "And you're better here, and they're better without you, ma'am," said my nurse, a pleasant, kindly woman, "for in the other room you'd be fidgeting every time Master Jack tumbled down; and how ever could I get the blessed new baby to sleep with those other little dears always about the door ? " Yes, this exchange of rooms had been wise, no doubt; and I drew my chair up to the fire, which was pleasant on an October evening, and, dismiss- ing my attendant, sat lingering awhile, basking in its genial glow before retiring to bed. Suddenly a feeling which I can hardly define seized upon me—a choking sensation of horror, of dread, as though I were beholding some crime which I was powerless to prevent; it is impossible to put the experience into words, but, with a convulsive shudder, I sprang from my seat and rushed to the opposite end of the room, as though to escape from —nothing! The cheerful firelight flickered and ehewing the eminently commonplace and com- fortable interior, as unlike the typical "haunted zoom " of tradition as could well be imagined; lind there was neither sight, nor sound, nor move- vent in the apartment; and yet—and yet—in toms way I felt an irresistible disinclination to return to my comfortable seat by the fire. I know not why it should be so, but most people appear to consider bed as a sanctuary from super- natural annoyances—"he drew the bedclothes over his head" is the orthodox description of the con- duct of a beholder of a night apparition. Though I had neither seen nor heard aught that could be described as "ghoNtly," I lost no time in shrouding myself in the sheets, and was speedily asleep, in spite of my previous tremours. The bright morning sunshine and the day's cares and occupations soon effaced the previous evening's disagreeable impression from my mind. Later in the day, not feeling as well as usual, I yielded to my nurse's advice to remain in my room and partake of an invalid meal by my own fireside instead of joining Rhoda at our seven o'clock dinner.

I was sitting, resting quietly after my repast, wondering if Frank would bo detained much longer in Scotland, and shedding a few tears as 1 thought of his absence just...now, when again there came upon me the same shuddering horror—the same sick sensation of nameless terror, and again I started up as one who flies from the spectacle of some crime. This time, however, 1 succeeded in controlling myself. "I am out of sorts and nervous," I said to myself, with resolute rebuke of my own folly, and I took up an engrossing novel which I had laid down a short time before, deter- mined to banish my fancies by its perusal. Sud- denly, in the empty apartnient overhead, came the sound of trampling footsteps moving rapidly and heavily about over the floor. "I must tell Nurse Harris to keep that door locked," I thought to myself, "for now the children have once found their way there they will be disturbing us constantly." . _ .

Heavily, very heavily for the footsteps of little ones, did the trampling steps fall above; then came the sound of a fall.

I sprang up; in doing so, I twisted my foot, and for a moment could not move. As the mother of three healthy, riotous children, I was pretty well accustomed to the sound of falls in the nursery, and as no accompanying roar was heard, I felt tolerably satisfied that no great harm had ensued from the tumble overhead. Jack was a philo- sophical little soul in such accidents, which befel him incessantly, and usually picked himself up, rubbed his bruises, and remarked: "Tumble down, tumble up, no bones broke! " But now the door overhead was cautiously opened, and a dragging, bumping sound as of something heavy being dragged down the stairs was heard—then another fall—just outside my door. "Children, what are you doing?" I cried, flying to open it, now really alarmed. No light outside —no children—all still as the grave. "Come down; why are you hiding? Is anyone Stud ? " I cried impatiently; and receiving no ..;eply, I dashed up the staircase. The room door above was locked -OM the outside—the key in the lock; I hastily turned it, opening the door; within was an empty, dusty apartment, dimly lighted by the moonbeams. I do not know how I regained my own bedchamber; I must, in some manner, have tottered back there, for the next thing I recol- lect was finding myself on my bed, with Rhoda and the nurse in anxious attendance, and the former saying that "the heat of the fire must have made me faint." I felt too ill and weak to talk much then; but through the wakeful hours of that weary night, during which my careful nurse never left me, I came to one fixed resolve. Never would I occupy that dreadful apartment another evening— never should my baby open its innocent eyes in such a terrible locale. That some unknown, un- detected crime had assuredly taken place in this part of the house I felt firmly convinced. Any- way, 1 was resolved to shift my quarters as early as possible. I dreaded Rhoda's opposition, but the greater fear cast out the lesser. As I had expected, my decision was energetically combatted by my sister-in-law. She pointed out in words of wisdom and reason, how "utterly absurd " it was to yield to fancies; how I had fallen into a half- faint from the heat of the fire, and, in this con- dition, had a kind of nightmare experience; how I should bring myself into a yet worse state of AOrves by weakly yielding to imaginary terrors, and light shift my room every day in obedience to ne fresh "fancy." Even the nurse, impressed by the commodiousness of the apartment I wished to forsake, joined in Rhoda's remonstrances; pointing out the advantages of the room for a sick chamber, and volubly assuring me "ladies so often had dreams and fancies at these times; she had nursed a lady," &c. "I will go to the workhouse infirmary rather than remain here! " I cried at length, with a passionate flood of tears; reckless now, for I felt I had lost the last shred of Rhoda's esteem, and would be for ever in her eyes a foolish, whimsical, altogether irrational creature. "Of ourse, if you are going to excite your- self in this manner, Ellen, there is no more to be said about the matter! " was Rhoda's rather cold reply. So I carried my point, and was tren,ferred to my old apartment Rhoda assisting in the work of removal with silent but very palpable displeasure; Nurse Harris was less reti- cent, and openly muttered about "ladies who gave themselves up to fancies." An unexpected ally, however, came to my aid when the old doctor 'looked in to see how I was going on," which he now did every few days. He found us busied in transferring my belongings from one room to the other; and Rhoda and Nurse Ilarris explained, in rather injured tones, that I :lad "taken a sudden dislike to the West Room, ~,saa would move out of it."

he West Room—do yon mean that shut-off the end of the passage ? I thought that was ...ler used now," said Dr. Willis rather sharply. "You know something shout that room," I said, for his tone was peculiar. "My sister-in-law was delightoo. with the room •at first," said Rhoda, "but she had a bad dream there one night, and took a Macy." "Dr. Willis, I 21m sure you know of some story about that room," I persisted, watching his face narrowly. "My dear young lady," he said lightly, "I ant sorry I cannot supply you with a proper ghost %tory, but I am afraid this house is neither old nor

aristocratic enougo to UvatiL a leanly spectre. You must take some baronial hall or historic mansion if you want that kind of thing. But I think you are quite as well out of that West Boom; apartments which have not been regularly occupied are apt to be damp." "You have some other reason for saying lam better out of it," I persisted, but Dr. Willis apparently did not hear me; for he began to talk about a coming local exhibition of autumn flowers, and to ask if we intended entering as competitors, the chrysanthemums in our garden having great reputation in the neighbourhood. My own little autumn blossom arrived that night —that fair sweet flower which was so soon to be planted in the garden above. The babe lingered with us but for a day, and for many weary weeks afterwards it was thought that I was to follow ray little one to the Silent Land. Gradually, very gradually, I crept back to life, thanks greatly to the devoted attention of my sister-in-law. Real natures come out in times of sickness and sorrow; in my invalid chamber I learnt to know Rhoda as I had never done before. I do not think any cloud, or doubt, or misunderstanding will ever come between us again; and my sad time of sick- ness and sorrow won for me a devoted and affection- ate sister, who, as the children say, "is to live in our house till we are all hundreds of years old." Poor old Sir John had died rather suddenly at last, and Frank, hastening home at once, unwilling to startle me by a telegram, arrived to find a little daughter newly born, a wife apparently dying. It was the younger, not the older, life which the "Reaper Death " gathered•at last; and Rhoda— unselfish, devoted Rhoda—who was the stay and support of us all throughout that 'terrible time, had the joy of seeing her toil in the sick room repaid by my complete recovery. As soon as I was able to travel, we went to take possession of the Scotch estate, where we have resided ever since, and two little ones have now come to fill the place of the short-lived babe who was born in the house in --shire. My long illness and the sorrow of our loss (the death of "only a baby " means a very real grief to its parents) put the memory of the strange sensa- tions I had experienced in that West Room almost out of my head, and Frank and Rhoda never en- couraged me to talk about the matter. But some ten years afterwards, at the "big gooseberry " time of year, I saw a paragraph in a Pape:: "Strange Discovery in a House in —shire ; the "house" no other than the one we had formerly occupied. It seemed that the persons from whom we had rented it had been compelled, like many other country folk nowadays, to sell the home which had been in the possession of their family since its erection, many generations ago. The new purchaser was making extensive alterations and impro4ements, in the course of which the hearthstone of the West Room wail removed—and there, just where I had sat when that nameless horror had seized me, was discovered the skeleton of a woman. Local tradition was now revived, and it was remembered that towards the close of the last century the house was occupied by a "squire " of somewhat dubious character, one of the original builders of the mansion. This person had, during the lifetime of his parents, led a wandering and dissolute life on the Continent, and when he returned to take possession of his property was accompanied by a French lady, to whom scandal asserted he was not allied by the ties of wedlock. The two led a disreputable existence together, shunned by the neighbours. A foreign servant, who was on most confidential terms with his master, had come with the lady, and the rooms at the end of the passage were devoted to the latter's accom- modation, the turret apartment serving as her boudoir. Darker rumours than even accusations of immor- ality were beginning to circulate in the neighbour- hood ; whispers that the squire was supplying traitorous information to France, with which country England was then at war. It was but rumour, a whisper; and the squire now began tel pay visits to London, where it was said he wae courting a young lady, whose relatives were pre- sumably ignorant of the circumstances of bill domestic arrangements in the country. But prying servants asserted that the attraction which tire° their master to London was detected by the "French damsel," and that, on his return front town on one occasion, an awful scene occurred between the pair; the foreign lady, who spok! English fluently, frequently exclaiming, 1001, enough to be heard through the locked door, thl7 "she knew what would hang him . . • au would be amply revenged." Next day the lady was not seen—nor, indssci,h' was she ever again beheld. M. Baptistei: French valet, announced that she had left house in a rage early in the morning after the quarrel overheard by the domestics, and that: neither he nor his master knew where she had , gone; but they supposed she had returned to France. No one in the neighbourhood was concerned too I inquire into the fate of a nameless and friendles foreigner, of more than questionable character; M. Baptiste locked up her deserted rooms, the squire paid a longer visit than usual to London, and returned after some months with a fair yolli wife, and settled down in his house as a refornie and "visitable " character. Good fortune, hul" ever, did not attend him; he broke his neck in the bunting-field within a year of his marriage, an.a the shock of his sudden death proved fatal to his young wife—and the expected heir. The house passed to distant cousins, from whose descendanti we rented it. No definite "ghost story" had ever been connected with the West Room, but—possibll from its associations with its first occupant—it had been out of favour with the squire's descendants, and it was sometimes whispered that disagreeable, dreams, if nothing else, visited the occupant 03 that chamber. As a very old resident in the neigh- bourhood, the local doctor of course knew of such traditions. Had a murder actually been committed in those apartments? Had (as I believe) the miserable, woman been slain to silence her tongue--surprise in her turret room by the valet, or his master, Og both; murdered, and then hidden beneath the hearthstone of her bed-chamber? Who can answel these questions now both victim and murdered have alike passed away? The newspaper spoke 01 the discovery of the skeleton as revealing an solved mystery," but I shall always fancy that know something of the facts of the case. Possibl some persons are more susceptible to "uncannY influences than others, possibly my then nervolle and highly-wrought condition made me something of a "medium " at that time; but I shall alwar believe that the story of the crime committed le those apartments was revealed to me during la brief occupancy of "The West Room." [THE END.

.0. "UNIQUE AND PERMANENT."-Dr. Williams' Pink Zlla/ are not like other tnedicine.and their effects are perMal:l; ent. They act directly on tilt, blood, and thus it is Ir., they are so famous for tNe cure of eczema, arininia rheumatism, chronic erysipelas, and to restore pale an' and sallow complexions to the glow of health. They ase also a splendid nerve and spinal tonic and thus laafe cured maw; cases of paralysh; locomotor ataxy. DOI' algia. St. Vitus dance, and nervous headache. They ar', now obtainable of all chemists and from Dr. Wtlllat Medicine Company, 46, floll;un-viaduct. London, 23 9i a box, or six boxes for 13s 91 but are genuirr,. only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for P3'' People.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLAISTONE. THE LIBERAL MEMORIAL TO UR.

GLADSTONE. The Press Association states that a conference 7,:c held at the National Liberal Club, London. on Monr"Zo afternoon, to consider the question of a memorial by r'd Liberal party to commemorate Mr. Gladstone's long ate jiltstrious leadership. The meeting was convened at instance of the National Liberal Federation, and t-ti,ert_ was a very representative gathering. Dr. Seence W 9, a-os was unanimously voted to the cnair, and the folio": leg resolution was passed :—" That this meeting, rePre seneng the chief Liberal organisations of the counlrt; rea -dyes that a permanent Liberal memorial be raised the great leader of the Liberal party." The conferened adjourned for a fortnight for further consideration t.'„, the proposal. Mr. Robert A. Hudson, secretary of to National Liberal Federation, was unavoidably efOe owing to the death of hit father. A NATIONAL MEMORIAL. ! A meeting of the General Committee for the , stone National Memorial was held at Grosvenor Ilcu ! London, en Tuesday. The Duke of Westminster unanimously elected chairman of the Committee. lAed decid,d, on the motion of the Duke of Rutianrl,seconli‘. by Mr. Goscben, to form an Executive Committeee the fcllowing were invited to FP/CEI thereon : Mr. Armitstead, Sir William itimeav, Lord Aoton,Sir Arson, Mr. Edward tr. J. Bryce, 1,4 •fhomas Burt, M.P., Dr. Butler, Mr.- G.N. Cutrion. Sir Thomas Carmichael, M.P., the Earl of Crewevo. Duke of Devonshire, Sir John Gorst, M.P.. Sir VV.; lof non Harcourt, M.P., Sir Edward Flamilion, the ertor Kimberley, the Hon. Spencer Lyttelton, Mr. Arneld_r7o,, ley, the Earl of RoPebers, Lord Northbrook, Dr.,albor. ness Rogers, Lord Rendel, Earl Spencer,Mr. J. G. Lord Twfvdmouth, and Sir A!geron West. clair, was appointed hon. secretary of the . meet' live Committee, and it was arranged that its firs"e. tog should take place on Friday at Grosvenor Gollo

===== 0002601_18980624_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MB. JOIIN DILLON, M.P., AT

WARRI \TGTW,,T,

TUE PROSPEOrS OF HORE ItIILE.

There was a large and enthusiastic meeting in the Royal Court Theatre, Warriagton, on Sunday afternoon, when Mr. John Dillon, 3,1. P., the leader of the Irish party was the priacipal speaker. lie W 5 met at the London and North-Western Railway Rtation by the organisers of tho meeting,and accom- Da.nied by the League of the Cress band, he was Mriven in proc;ession through the streets to the theatre. The meeting was bell under the auspices of the Warrington Branch of the Irish National, League, and the proceediags were presided over by Mr. J. C. Dalton, the president of the local branch. was accompanied en the platform by Mr. John ttillon, M.P., Mr!C. Roddy (vice-president of the local branch), Mr. P. Lune (treasurer), Mr. Thomas aughes (secretary), Councillor McGteever, INewton), Mr. P. F. 'L. Chilly (organiser of the Irish National League), Mr. F. Billehor (secretary Irish National League, A.shton-in-Makerfield), Mr. P. Mc- (linty (president Ashton-in-Makerlield League), C...ouncillorCairns'(lolton), Messrs. M. Cunningham, dames o'Toole, Owen O'Toole, P. Praia, 1. Donnel- -140, Fagan, M. Hynes (Widnes), T. Walsh, homes Mullins, McClinton, John :Magian, P. Magian, Dr. Lkton, and others from the surrounding districts. Atnongs,t thcse in the audience were Alderman It)berts, Conncillor A. Bennett, D. Vicnnall, Mr Wihij Robsrts, and others. VOTE OF CONDOLENCE.

The eiraurrtzra said it was but fitting that they should commence their proceedings with a vote of condoleoce With the 'Gladstone family. They had heard the pane- Dries which had been pronounced 'upon the Christian, the statesman, and the scholar, hist theirs should be the.; cf the friend of down-trodden Ireland. He moved the Plantation. TornanN said be rose tn seaond the vote a condolence with the !easily of Mr. Gladstone. Os a previous occasion,in t.se House of Commons, speak- on behalf of the Irish Party.and as he believed on the tart df the Irish nation (applause). he gave expressicso to the views which they held in 'reference to the death of . that great Englishmen, and he was proud before that great meeting of Irishmen to reiterate those views (hear, near, and cheers). Mr. Gladitnne had secured a plane, In thetearts of the English racequito above that secured .135' airy other statesman ol this century. That had poen proved beyond all question by the outbust of Catianal sorrow which seas evoked by his death and by The unparalleled tribute paid to his momory on the occa- sion df his burial. If England was to-day wealthy end, lkoverful beyond all the other nations of Europe, ant' if her'Government and power .v7ere based on the goodwill and veneration of the people, that was mainly due to thedifework of Mr. Gladstone, and to the fact that he More than any other man bad brought the people of this country into power mad subordinated the Govern. 'tent to the will of the p-ople. (Hear, hear.)) Gladstone secured for himself a position greater than that of an other Englishman in the course of this Il entury,and all-Eaglishraen were forced to acknowledge It at the hour of his death. They who had struggled all their lives for the CatiES vPhi,3ll to them was specially 13°10,1,red could not fail to see in the circumstances of that %.I.,`lstial tribute to Mr. Gladstone's memory a singular I)c't'utliar triumph forthe Irish cause,because if there' stle thina that distinguished him from all other ti,-2,'.4hmen, it was that for the cause of. Ireland and uhertv of Irishmen he faced unpopularity autonas'i own peoo,, and, having declared in favour of rind, ‘tV.he died as he had lived—faithful to the cause. (fl ear, hear.) And to dais latest hour, as he had the hest 'reason to know—having received from him the last letter which he ev.r *wrote—he never by a 'hair's 'breadth turned his back upon the cause of ireiand, and in spite of that fact, the greatest srld the haughtiest heads in England were , "owed down in doing honour to the memory of Mr. 'Gladstone, and in doing that—whether thee willed it ct not—they honoured the Irish cause to which he was faithful,, and they were in this position whatever might he the future cf the Irish cause, tint in this country, where the language of bitterest hostility was used aßainst them and against Mr. Gladstone, that mighty -schince of fee,ing they had seen expressed,the other day went out to the memory Of the man who ihad so befriended them and who had devoted the closing years of his life to the cause of Ireland. He seconded the. resolution as an Weisman and as a lover of liberty, in whatever land that cause was struggling, became in *me oc nj it he was adding his humble voice to the: man as th °, of many na.tions who had recognised this e "amnion of all races throughout the world,' wherever" they were struggling against oppression and in favour of liberty. (applause.) The resnlutlo w!I passed in silence, the audience itanding, while tho League of the Cross band liala yed two of Mr. Gladstone's favourite hymns. TUE RESOLUTION.

- ----- Mr. D. DONNELLAN proposed :—" That we., the Irish- %nen of Warrington, publicly assembled, declare our un- alterable conviction that the only solution of the Irish Prciblam is the restoration 0 Ireland of the ancient and inalienable right of self-government. We farther pledge tenaelves to contieue the struggle,and to use all legitimate ,Thetina to have estaticieiled in Ireland a native Parliament "a College Green.We also pledge ourselves to support 10y- oillv the Irish party.led hy • honest John Dillon:in whose trigmen- and patriotism we have the fullest confidence:" tie remarked that they had commenced their proceed- ings by acknowledging the services of a great man. The writer of history oold have something peculiar to re- tord of this period, for it had seen the Irish people the World over lamenting the death and sompathieing with the family of an English statesman. No sooner did Mr. 'Gladstone take up the Irish cause than men of his own barty rose up against him. Be had such Men against him as Porster,the great orator—John Bright. Trevelyan, Goschen, the Duke of "Westminster—(cries of Joe)— snd aeenhat of Birmingham. (Laughter and Applause) ffut Mr. Gladstone remained faithful to the cause he 4Poused. To-day the Irish said to the Liberal Party if You recognise Mr. Gladstone, if you respect the man, t,"l%ect the measure that he devoted the best part of his Life to. (Applause.) If they did not do so, the Irish w'oulcl have to kick them over the traces he feared. (Laughter.) As IriStmen they bad a national right and Mee a local one. (Hear, hear.) The local one had been linty much neglected, but it would have to be recognised More in the future than in the past. (Applause ) PATRICK Lanz seconded the resolution. He said ..gaur gas the Liberal party would be loyal to the Irish theynor- might depend upon it that the Irish would s," the first traitors in the fi 'id. (Applause.% PRESENTATION TO MR. DILLON. The CHAIRMAN said hs had now a pleasing duty to Derf °ln) and that was to present Mr. Dillon with a email ,'"``%l of esteem from the Irishmen of Warrington. It Lied taken the shape of a beautiful 1798 medal (Ap- 13,1ngy.) Proceeding he thanked those Liberals who had '",ended that mneting,and spoke in defence of the action of the men of 1798 whom they were this year comrne- ;notating. Be then called upon Mr. Dillon to support the resolution. The medal, it may be here stated, bore .10 following in- orintion :—" Presented to John Dillon, N., Ail P., by the Wartingtnn branch of the Irish Na. League, June 19, 1898." It was of an elegant :sign. On the front, enamelled in green and gold was 4% harp representative of Erin. surrounded by a cluster Rharerocks. It had been worked in 18 carat gold,and had been supplied by the Tower." Bridge-street. MR. DILLON'S SPEECH. 01r. Dimon who met with a cordial reception said :- 79 "first duty is to return my most hearty thanks for very beautiful present which I have received from R Irish people of V% arrington.and which I shall always reunite with the greatest passible affection and care. It e a beautiful piece of workmanship, and one of the est 'beautiful designs I have ever seen of its kind, and, whenever it may be my privilege to appear before a tlrPtirm in Ireland to celebrate the '9B anniversary, I wear this handsome memorial from Warrington on 9 breast. (Applause). I desire to congratulate the Zeganisere of this meeting, the branch of the National h ague in Warrineton who gotit up. It is to me a most a(tcnay sign of the work which can to done anywhere by "orly Of tamest and resolute men,throwing aside those rtestable questions which have divided our B„e,:pie in Ireland unhappily during the last r,cl years, about small and minor issues, ." neglect of the great issues which affect the tnnutn of our cause. (Hear, hear.) Here, in Warring- th„ there is no division among Irishmen. In spite of all hag occurred in recent years the Irish National 3,l7eolent is as strong as ever it was. (Hear, bear.) jing by what I have seen and heard since I arrived b,,f °will, I think the movemeot has a successful future set r)re it, because it ii in the hands of men animated MY by a desire to further the cause—young men, „nable of doing good work. (Hear, hear.) I cannot to the general gestation, on which I desire to say a Wv° words, without thanking the Mayor and people of e RPriogtfm, as well SS our own countrymen, fer the thAllerous heirs which they sent to the suffering poor in „ West of Ireland, where, as most of you knew by per- -0"'" , "1 experience, the distress is moat acute especially the schoolchildten. It is a subject of the deepest Itatification, and the cause, I must Ray, in my mind. of ;float keen gratitude, particularly to the English of these Lancashire towns and other parts of se4'uld who have put 'heir hands in their pockets and (: Contributions to help the poor people in Ireland. Now,

I

I

TR" ,ay I.RRIT/TII/CAND COU6N.--80-reneis—and dryness vei "lig and irritation to-hieing cough and affecting the Ili co, Or these symptoms use Epps's Glycerine jujubes. b,,,''t"intaot with the glands at the moment they are excite.' fectilf' act of suclang. the Glycerine in these agreeable con- ?tte becomes Fictively healing'. Rol i only In tins. 7id• JalgES IiPPS & Co., Limited, linramo- ', Chemists, London." Dr, Moore, In his wotk on breu°:Y and Throat Diseases." says •. The Glycerine Jujubes a% aed by JAnieS EPP, and Co., are of undoubted service rative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, *rite: PhYsician to the Municipal Throat, and Ear Infirmary. " After an extended trial, I have found your tht Julnhes of conAiderable benefit in almost ali forms oat alseup,, Adrf.

1

===== 0002601_18980624_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
'MUT von CONDITION .OP SEIAND

at the present mettle= ? You all remember what wat valid...confidently said-7m the platforms no and dawn this country daring the general electioa of 1.895. We were told by the Eery candidates that if they were reeorned and a strong Uniouist G ,verninent placed in power no more woell be heard of Rome Rule or the Irish yes- , tion—vthat Llama Rule, to UR, the eX;)Teeiion of sllie- I tinguished statesinan,was as deal as Queen Anne. When the election was over the Rome Rule Party found them- selves in a minority of 150—almost unparelleled in the history of English politics. In the Rouse of est/mons we were told by the Scotch gentleman who is now the Salton of Ireland—(laughter)—l enean Mr. G:irald Balfour, because he has really as muoh nower in Ireland as the Sultan has in Turkey, and the Irish people have no more voice in the government of their own aountry than the subjects of the Sultan have in the govern- ment of Turkey—we were tea by this gentleman that he was prepared to kill Rome Rule with kindness. (Laughter.) After three years of his rule, we had an example in the House of Commons the other day of hessmot.ch trust we can place upon the promises of Ministers such as we have now— a proof of that kiednesa in the famine which is raging in the West of Ireland to- Jae. No Irishman n-sela to be reminded that it is not a natural famine,but a famine the direct nutcome of bad laws a.n,l t p•es enuting Govern- ment, the direct result of a cendition of things the like of which does Ret exist in any other country in Europe, not even in Terkey itsefee a condition where a whole pepulttion has been driven off the fertile lands and forced to the bogs and the mountains, and ken: in chronic staroatiee and se-riodical famiem for a hundred years. Surely lithe rie.hest Government in the vvorli weresittermined to kill ii sine rule weer, kialnes3 005 would imagine that the erat stee they armed take would he to banish famine out of Ireland. That would not be a very great act of kindness. 11,7,T,, WE ABE THE GOVERNMENT TO DO and what with the help of God we will make them de befere we have done with them is to take these people ont of the cruel cendition in which thcf live, and se.: placethern that If they are sober, indost.rions, and hard; working they can make a living for themselves and not be beggars throughout. the world as they are.compelled to be to-day. (Applause.) From sny , own con- stituency of 'East Mayo no less than a thou- sand men carmie over to Eagland last week irs order Ito earn a few shillings to ward off etarra- -8 tion from their homes. In the Address to the Throne the tither day q pointed out in the 111114 cif Commons the horrible ceriditien of affairs an these Western districts of Ireland. 'You all renrmber the rtnewerg got from the Chief Secretary. c!lernriagne.e) I pointed out the increase, of the death-rate !owing to the perar con- dition of the p",Pl^. who had to live on cue meal a day. ! and who in .eenseqeence had not the strength to resist theattaeks of fever and influent., and I was told by this-Sultan of Ireland that if we gave these poor ,people eloarnpagne and sent them to the Senth of France we might retitle° the death-rate. Nice language for a respon- sible `Minister of the Crown to use. Well, we have learnt that if we want to .drive hunger arid 'fam;ns snd the Ipower of extermination out of Ireland we must cot trust the pledges of English Mioisters. We must trust to our own exertion?, under God, to restore the govern. merit of the country to. the people. i(Arsplause.) 'But thi,e/rish question, in spite of the defeat at the last electien,ts by no means dead; and.titose gentlemen who thought it was dead wildsmon find it is alivewnd kicking in spite of their exerteria to starve out and exter- minate the Irish people who are still thereeand who will be a-trouble as long as Ireland does not get the same riche te govern herself as the people of this ceentry en- joy. (Ileac, hear.) I have always 'failed to understand bow the English people, who have selferivernment ii all departmants,can exneet us to -he content with having a gentleman like Mr. Balk-int or some other'eanglishman or Sootchinan sent over to rule us without any reference Whatever to the feelings of the people whom they are suppesed to govern. Now, the Tory Government, in -spite of all our troubles at home, have been after three years mbliged to tackle the Irish 'question again,and they have 'introduced

===== 0002601_18980624_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOCAL 42 cnriERNSEENT WILL

as their alterria7tiv-e-Vo-lio-meßulfl. Itia a very good Bi!l in many respects, such a Bill as. if the Liberals ha.d in- troduced it five years ago, would have brouc,hc upon them the denturaiation of Mr. Chamberlain and others for having as it were handed over the lovaliats of Ire- land to be destroyed and robbed by the Nationalists. But Observe what an extraordinary effect

===== 0002601_18980624_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD 801/7.11, ERTEE

will have upon the Irish landlords. Although I am sup- porting this Bill,and I think I am justified in supportine WI don't know a greater proof than it that you cannot get justice for Ireland from a House Of Commons at Westminster. Although the Govetnment have been promising thie measure for 12 years, in order to get the Bill through the House of Common; they hand over £3OOOO a year to the landlords ofiiretand to which they have no more claim then the people of China have. But more than that, it is given to a class that deserve no cousideration of any Bert, for the landlords of Ireland 'have been a curse to the land eineme the day they first set foot on it, 'sneer, hear). They or their predecessors got posseesion of the lind by public robbery. It was handed over to adventurers who came in the tail of the plundering army of the day, and ever since their pessession of it has been marked by wrong and ruin to the homes of the people, and they have brought down upon their heads the curses of tens of thousands of decent fainiliea who have been robed by their exactions and extortinns. And now in order to ebtain the assent of the landlords to thie'llill, which is to give the people of the counties the same right to administer their own affairs as the English people got fourteen years ago, the Government give this big bribe of three hundred thousand is year to them, a sum, which, if capitalised, would be eqnal to ten millions of money. And, remember, this bribe is given to the land- lords, ita the year when thousands of lied° children are starving in the West of Ireland for want of braid, and when the Government with jeers and contempt refused us et reasonable sum to help to keep poverty-stricken people alive. I say that is a great piece of iniquity, and that it goes to prove the incapacity of an English Government to govern Ireland. (Hear, hear.) Now. that is what we have seen so far of the pelicy of killing Home 'Rule with kindness. (Laughter). We haven't had much kindness, and Home Rule has not been killed. (Hear, hear,) And what has been going on in Ireland ? We see a great movement on foot calling out demonstra- tions of the people such as I have not seen in Ireland for many a long day—l mean the movementior CELEBRATING THE 98 CENTENARa, and 'Limy that not for the last ten years has there been such deep and extraordinary enthusiasm as that which has been manifested at these gatherings. 'What is the meaning and purpose of it ? The platform that has been placed before the people is this—that without reference to the past we are carrying on a fight to day to which everybody in Ireland is invited to take part who vener- ates the deeds and the memory of the men of '9B, and who is faithful to their principles, those principles being the principles of Wolfe Tone and Lord Edward'Fiteeerald, which mean that Ireland is a nation entitled to make her own laws, and that she will never rest from 'her struggle until those rights are fully recognised (hear, hear, and anplausee) So that the three years during which this ginionist Government has been in office have done noth- ing to improve the position of the Irish people, and less than mottling to mitigate or destroy the national senti- ment (heer,.hear). I have never during my ilfetime seen a treater exhibition of united national feeling and a de- termination to remain faithful to the principle of Irish self-government than I have witnessed during the pre- sent year (cheers.) So much for Ireland - now look at the position of the Government with regard to FOREIGN AFFAIRS. fdr.Curzen, the present Under-Secretary, said that the moment a strong Conservative Government twit the reins the clouds that obscured the horizon would dis- appear, and peace would be established throughout the world. How was that prediction realised? (Laugh- ter.i) ff think the people of England are getting pretty sick LI this great and strong government. (Laughter). Never did England stand lower before the world than she does at present. It is a pleasure to us in the HOLM of Commons to see the der ried ranks of Tories behind the Government restraining themselves from attacking their leaden, for fear of pleasing us too mach. (Laugh- ter). The Tory " Standard "in a leader the other day, said 'in effect—" We all condernm the Government. They are as bad as they can be. We are ashamed of them, but what can we do ? If we put them out the Home Rulers will crime in." (Laughter.) Well these things are some gratification to us, and I think we shall be able, in spite of their boast, to put an end to the Irish question, to teach them that we are a power in this cenntry, and that so long as Ireland is oppressed and the interests of the people of greland are eel; at nought, we can make our voice felt in the council chambers of Englind, and they will get tired before we get tired of making their policy turn upon the one question of the oppression of Ireland. In that respect the lrish people have

CONSIDDRABLE WISH FOR ENCOVRASEMENT AND HOPI!. (Cheers.) We have this satisfantion. that if Ireland has been deprived of the seal of her liberty and oppressed by the Government, certainly the neople of Great Britain are getting tired of the present Government. I think the time is not far distant—it is nearer than some people think—when a new people will have an opportunity of reversing the verdict they gave in 1895. There is a proverb about certain animals leaving a sinking ship,and I have seen some signs of that. kind of thing on the Governmesic beaches lately. The power of this Govern meet has mastoid's's?. Its own supporters have openly said in that palace of truth—the Smoke-room of the House of Commons—that they only support the Govern- ment because if they were thrown out they might have to put up with a worse. (Laughter.) I have heard it said here to-day that some Liberals are tired of Home Rule.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FEMALE AILMENTS

Irrecutaritles and Obstructions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few :lours, after all else fails, this remedy acts as magic. Full particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope.

Undam MARLYN. 20. Blehopegate Witnout, London.

Established 30 Ems.

Well, it is a long r.rugglo, and Ido not wonder that some Liberals are tired of it iu COW Of same things that , have happened in Ireland during the last seven years. I SAC that if the Litterals think they can got on better I without us they are perfectly frea to adopt that policy. I do not desire to expr-sa any opinion as to the wisdom of such a palicy; bet Lhey are goite welcome to try it. We are quite conten.:, to help twin if thoy s'aricl up for the Gladstone policy (hear, hear), which means

HOME RULE AS THE FIRST PLANK in their platform.—'-(Applause). But under no other condition will we support the Liberals or any ' other English party, and if neither of the English parties adopt that policy thou we stand alone as we did before and as we may tn.ve to do again. (cheers). oir friendship towards either party is a vary valuable asset, because we give atom eighty votes and ask for nothing in return but liberty for Ireland (cheers). We don't ask for offise, and are willing to let all the patronage go to the party that steads by us. We are prepared to give the support of the Irish People of this country and the support of 80 votes in the Heuse of Commons to the party that will do justice to Ireland. We have no cause to be alarmed or to fear. Our asset is valuable and will be sought after. We are prepared to give them our support upon honourable terms, and, if they don't ask for it, we shan't offer it. If the Liberals are returned by a majority at the next elec-icia they cannot possibly form a Government with- out our help. It would be a great change in the politi- cal conditions of this country if the Liberals were able to carry on the G ivernment independent of the Irish vote. And if the Literal Government refused to adopt the arsine Rule policy, I know that there are honest Liberals enough in th party Go tell that section who re- used to dojustice to Ireland that they were a dishonour to the party. I look forward to the future then, with perfeet conlid eice on one condition and one condition nly, namely, that the Irish are united among them- selves. (Hear, tar). It really little matters wilt eundidatea say at elections, the real siaestion is ARE THE IRISH UNITED ? Believe me, if the Irish people are unite I as they were before, the English people, without distinction of party, will give them liberty, (Hear, hear.) Let them have pledges or no pledges, so long as the power of the Irish people is dissipated and weakened by intestine, puerile, aud absurd divisions, as long will no English party take up our cause, sod if they do they will not he able to I carry it to victory. The on i great problem for our con- sideration is that of uniti ag the Iris a race. (Hear. hear.) To-morrow, the 130th anniversary of the birth of Wolfe Tone, will be celebrated in Dublin, and the life of the patriot teaches us all a lesson in unity. In one of his essays, written in MID, says—" The Ecglish Govern- ment here is founded by, has been supperterl, and now exists but in the disunien of Irishmen." Never were truer words written. TO9 task which Tone took in hand remains still to be cernOleted. Toed ay his work and the lessons of his life are being brought berm, to young, Irishmen throughout this country, Ireland an America. (he of the main lessons of his life is that of bending our energies to unit- ing our people, and until that is accompiished there can be no rest, no progress, and no glory. (Hear, bear ) We must ta.• ready in our day to do as our forefathers did, and I am proud to believe that hero in Warrington you are on the right lines. I ask you to revive and spread your organisation, to,enrol every man who has a drop of Irish blood in his veins, so that when the time comes— and it is not far distant—you may be irl a position to strike a blow—less dangerous than that of 1798, but which may he a more effective blow for effecting the liberties of Ireland. .(Loud cheers). The resolution was passed with enthusiasm. Mr. Roper proonsed and Mr. Iluemas ssconded a vote of thanks to airaSillon for his address,which was heartily agreed to.—Mr. Dillon responded,and proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman.—Mr. Dalton having replied the mee ing terminated by [lin singing of " Gad save Ire- land."

• • Mr. Dillon was entertainNl to a bang let in the Paten Arma Hotod in the evening. About 59 guests were pre- sent. Mr. P. Crilly respon ied to the toast " Ireland a Nation." The Chairman (Mr. Dalton) proposed " Our guest Mr. 'Dillon, add the Irish Parliamentary Party."— In replying. Mr. Dillon spoke on the Proposed Anglo- American alliance, and said that the Irish people who had taken part in the battles of the Americans for 'freedom vviuld make their voice heard in regard to any Coolish alliance. Other toasts included " Memory of '93." and the " The Hostess." Sono were sung by Mr. Dalton, Mr. Thomas Walsh, Mr. Ch.arles R addy, arid Mr. T. Frain.--A vote of thanks was tendered to the League of the Cross Brass Band, and also to the Rev. Faber Wilson, 0.3.8., and the Rev. Dr. Mercer, 0.5.8. for allowing the band to render their assistance. _

Mr. alba departed by the 11-35 p.m. train en r00d.% for Dublin where he addressed a meetirg on Monaay evening.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1898

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily 052 the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasszteat dentifrice In tte world.

Cleanses the teeth au d spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and poarly white teeth, reef lips, and fragrant breath enstamd. - .

6(1.

I "q%llll

===== 0002601_18980624_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
14AIVRE8 PLEASANT IAMTIVE.

' '''''‘'.:- .. 4771 . .(:, N.; A,. /-4-ti.ir...,pt,,,,, 7,,,:-....;- 7" '..<0..‘ .• v--r-') '.. .-- '' - V --''-. .N :V" ' -=• : ,:, '''' ,• ',l' . l'. i : '*4,(l'li'•.'..N ' ' ' yr: V )4.' {-;.,'„, ~.: cr'''', . 10fi,:eL11, ' ' 911.k.'—''''' •:•8 '‘,,, s • ~''' ''' if,----. Aiiiiiill ''',,\,' ~'": :.4, .-:,..,. "A ••,Z, '', •\ c.eit'L.,ii '', '" ~,,, • -. ' •4•tli ,I‘`; " Ve;'.• ~§‘ '',:' ' , • • ~,...„4„,.4,.. ,!,.0',41;:„:,;,',,..,-

===== 0002601_18980624_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS

acts as a,perfect laxative should, cleansing and refreshing the system without weaken- ing it; permanently curing constipation and its effects. Agreeable preventives in season are much surer than belated drugs. A healthy con- dition-of the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels is the strongest safeguard against Head- aches, Racking Colds or Fever Mild and Sur in action and absolutely free from ob- jectionable substances. Physicians re- commend it. Millions have found it invaluable. Children enjoy it; delicate ladies End it an ideal medicine; busy men take it without inconvenience or disoomfort.

Imitations and stbstitntes are numerous: you must ask for "CALIFORNIA"Syrup of Piga. - •

Look for the name and trade mark of the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO., which joa every bottle of the genuine. of all chenaiate and NE W le. 9J. Depot 32 Sniw Bill London E.

TELEGIt A.PHING wiTaour WIRES. __— LORD KELVIN TELEGR &PBS FROM THE NEEDLES. FROM LIGHTHOUSE TO SHORE. MAncoen's ether telegraph has passed the experi- mental stage, and the success of the Bournemouth and Alum Bay scations has proved beyond a doubt the prac- ticability of his marvellous system for signalling through space without wires. In spite of the many experiments wnich have been recently made in Germany. Austria, France and in this country since Mr. Marconi first announced his discovery, which placei him miles ahead of any of his predecessors, vigorous attempts have been made by men of eminence in the scientific world to modify the apparatus and to get ahead of him ; but hitherto all such attempts have only proved how far behind Marconi are the experimenters in question. A DECIMAL CONVERTS 4 INTO 400! A short time ago" The Daily Telegraph" published a report that a French gentleman had signalled through over 400 miles by means of ether waves, but upon in- vestigation it turns out that a decimal point was omitted by some one in the report, and 4 miles were converted into 400. • I have read some extraordinary reports of Marconi's invention and the work he is engaged upon at the pre- sent time. On newspaper credited him with the dis- covery of ethe. ! Since January two wireless telegraph offices have been open for several hours daily under the imme bate super- intendence of Mr. Marconi, and the apparatus has been worked by the inventor's own experts, the employes of the Wireless Telegraph and Signal Company. One office is near the pier at Bournemouth and the other is at the Needles Flotel,Alum Beyen the Isle of Wight, about fif- teen miles foam the ' English Riviera.' Pelegrams have been sent in both directions for a period of six months, and the results have been of a most satisfectory nature. Recently the speed of signalling has been increased, and , the marks upon the Morse paper have been las superior than the signals I have rosived myself in byeone days when I have been working comparatively short sub- marine telegr.ph cables. Indeed, some of the signals received by means of Mr. Marconi's app trews would bear comparison with the dots and dashes registered by a Morse printer on an inland telegraph line. TELEGRAPHING ACROSS A TOWN. A few weeks age I had an opoortunity of testing this application between the flour mill and the jute works of I Messrs. Goolbedy at Clara, King's County, Ireland. The I buildings ar about a mile apart,ancl the installation was I ready for the transmission of messages in about an hour's time! Those persons wno have had anything to do with telegraph or telephone line construction will readily appreciate a system which will enable one to pot two important factories in electrical communication in an hour's time, to say nothon of the "way-leave" diffi- culties which beset the telephone engineer. During this practical demonstration I signalled a large number of messages, and the marks reeisterei were equal to the signals received by the aid of conducting wires in a postal telegraph office. LORD KELVIN USES THE INSTRUMENTS. Returning to the Bournemouth and Isle of White stations,a number of distinguished visitors have recently inspected these interesting offices. Not long ago Lord Charles Beresford, who uaderstagds the Morse code transmitted his own message acress the sea, and our great scientist Lord Kelvin, whose beautiful instruments made Atlantic telegraphy a commercial success, spent a considerable time in company with Lady Kelvin and Lord Tennyson at the Wireless Telegraph Company's Alum Bay Station. The distinguished party carefully examined the outside of the station, and witnessed the sending and receiving of several messages. Lord Kelvin sent " wireless telegrams "to Dr. McLean, his chief assistant in the Physical Laboratory of the University of Glasgow, to Sir George Stokes, at Cambridge, and to Lord Rayleigh and Mr. W. EL Preece. in London. The message to Sir George Stokes was S S follows : Stokes, Lensfield Cottage, Cambridge. This is sent, commercially paid, at Alum Bay for transmission through" ether." One shilling to Bournemouth and thence by Postal Telegraph fifteenpence, to Cambridge. —Kelvin.' Lord Tennyson'e mess Age WAS addressed to his nephew at Eton. 'Sending you message by Marconi's .. other" Telegraph Alum Bay to Bournemouth, paid commercially thence by wire. Very sorry not to hear you speak Your Thackeray to-morrow—Tennyson.' Lord Kelvin insired upon paying a shilling per message as a royalty for the uee of the Marconi system on all the messages he sent,wishing to show in this way his appre- ciation of the system, and to illustrate that it is already available for commercial purposes. A MESSAGE IN ITALIAN. The following day the Italian Ambassador, with three members of the Embassy staff, visited the Isle of Wight for the purpose of personally inspecting Marconi's Tele- graph. His Excellency expressed himself as highly pleased with his visit. and the success which has been achieved in so short a space of time. He sent amongst ether messages a Icing telegram by the aid of ether waves to sournemeuth for transmission to the first aide-de-camp of 'the King of Italy. As this dispatch of between forty and fifty words was all in Italian, it may be considered as a code communi- , cation, the language not being understood by Ms. Mar- coni's assistants at either station. The telegram was I received without a single error. INSTALLATION AT TEE HOUSE OF COMMONS. Some very interesting experimeres were recently cendunted between the House of Commons and St. Thomas's Hospital. One set of apparatus was in the small smokine-room juat off the terrace at the 'Rouse of Commons, and the other set was fixed in the Treastirer's 'house at the hospital. I At the Tlouse of Commons end a wire was led through the windowand attached to a short pole,which was tied to one of the lamp posts on the terrace a few feet from the window. At the hospital end the "vertical wire"was led from the window down to the top of a lamp pest, about six feet from the wall of the hospital. The time occupied in 'fixing both installations was under one , bout, and immediately after, the Sp.aker, Serjeant-at- Arms, and other Right Hon. and Hon. gentlemen came into the smoking-room to see the experiments. The lint message sent was The Speaker here. He wishes to 'know if the steamers passing are getting 'shocks.' The reply which came immediately was, 'No. but by our help they could receive messages,' which is ateritetrue. All the steamers would require would be a Marconi instrument fixed on board, when the telegrams might be received without any hitch or trouble. Sir 'Edward Clarke asked the hospital end, How high is your wire from the ground ?' About fifteen feet,' was the-reply. • The first news •of the resolution passed by the House of Commons in connection with the public funeral of the Rt. Bon. W. E.. Gladstone was conveyed wirelessly to St. Thomas's Hospital. The various mes- sages sent and receiveclwere all printed on the tape,' and afforded every satisfaction to those who witnessed the experiments at the ether end. Mr. Marconi hopes to establish communication be- tweenthe Isle of Wight and the coast of France erelong. And the Wireless Telegraph and Signal Co. are at present engaged in connectingSathlin Island,off the Irish coast, -with the mainland. During the course of an interview I had with Sir Howard Grubb, that gentleman expri Bassi a hope that communication between the Fastnet lighthouse near esaosenstown and the shore might be established by means of Marconi's system. Sir Howard promised to render what assistance he could to advance the accents- plish:nent of such an important installation. WAITING VERMISSION TOR EDDVSTONE LIGHTHOUSE. A few Lbws ago I was assured by soveral members of the Plymouth Town Council that the use of the Smeaton Tower on the Hoe might be obtained for a shore station Marconi' system could be installed in the Eddystone Lighthouse, about twelve miles distant. The people of the West of England are mvst anxious to have electrical communication between 'Plymouth and the Eddystone, and one philanthropic gentleman, Mr. Eobert Bally, of Torgrove, actually offered £3,001) out of his own pocket some years ago towards the cos s of a telegraph came. it now snly remains for the Trinity Brethren (or, rather, the Fog Office, firm all public telegraphs are under their contral)to give their consent for the appara- tus to be placed in Eddystone Lighthouse. Surely the Font (Mee will not hesitate to Wive assent. The value of such communication to the maritime world cannot be overestimated; indeed,it is no exaggeration 'to say that electrical communication between our shores; and our IigI3OOIIEWS and ships is a question of national import- ance.—Wastrars LYND, in the " auristian Wealf.."

Fever Hospital, Aiikin street. Warrington. Report for the month ending 31st June, 1898 In Hospital on the Ist of May 5 Admitted during the month Cares of Smallpox Cases of Scarlet Fever (Warrington) Cases of Typhus Fever Cases of Enteric Ferer, Warrington 2 Cases of Diphtheria Nil Other Diseases

Total 7

Discharged Cured 6 Dead Nil In Hospital on the Ist of June

Total 7

JOHN H. OORNALL, ___. Medical Superintendent

G" /flak Aleo

PJP4 NOY a Trade liadc RGE SIZE C.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITS.

BLACK BEAR (LATCHFORD) v. STAR INN (9TATTIAM.)

The return match between the above clubs was played on the Black Boar ground on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for the horse team. Boors :

- . BLACK BEAR. STAR INN. Pinnington (captain) l3 Kill (captain) Lee l3 Gupwell Nixon ll Lo3ltyer Taylor l3 rercival Boardman l3 Herrington 9 Car er ll Miller Knight Pistol-ler l3 Appleton Houghton Wright Bradshaw l3 Hill Broaihuret

136 ROYAL OAK, WARRINGTON v. CREI-lIRE CHEESE. LATCHFORD. Played on Ssturday, with the followine rPstilt : 113YAL 411. K.

......._ ..__. CHESHIRE CHEESE. McLain Jackson Isherwoo4 ll T Williams 3 Fillinwharn Hsnablett Farman Wickerley lO Brabon n McClinton .......„. .............. 11 Itelani Shropey 7 George Williams , Daniels Parnell

=- HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by using the only reliable preparation. Roans:ins MACLSSAR Om which strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates scurf, and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can produce such a dressy and beautiful appearance of the hair or so stimulate its growth as ROWLAND 9. MACASS&R OIL. If yon have never tried it, ~on are strongly adv,sed to procure a bottle at once and continue using it for your own and your children's hair. Also sold in a Golden Colour for fair- haired ladles and chlldre— Sizes, 3s. 6d., 75.. 10s. 6d. (equal to 4 small). ROWLANDS' °DONT() is the most perfect dentifrice, thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities. produces a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Soli by Stores and Chemists. Write A. Rowland and Sons, 20, Hatton Garden, Loudon, for cash prices. Avoid spurious imita- tions.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

PilL Dose. Price. y in a, dal. 1 yVege- table. Cure ,fiver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and caro 'mem so aS LC+ st =red. cioxist:;ii.

3ms:f. 'A. ITTLE Forty IVER vi p.m Torpid, f

===== 0002601_18980624_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON IlEArn.

NOTES AND CO.IIMENTS. BY E.E. Let me offer in the first place a warm welcome to "Observer "—I hope !shall have for many years the pleasure of reading his notes

As I noticed, be referred to a report of the Stock- ton Heath School incident which appeared in the 'Liverpool Evening Express'. Let me draw his atten- tion to the following which appeared in the same paper on Friday. It will aff 3rd him and others food for mental digestion:—" Reference was made in our columns some time ago to an incident which had occurred in Stockton Heath Day School, when cer- tain children who came to the school with their hair in plaits and curl-papers neatly tied up had been sent home and informed that they must not return unless these plaits and curl-papers were removed. It was also stated that these children were taking part that evening in an entertainment and it was suggested that the incident arose out of the friction which existed between the school authorities and the promoters of the entertain- ment."

"Last week we received from another source a communication pointing out that our informant had not been in the possession of the whole of the facts of the case, and pointing out that the school managers had no choice but to act as they did, the Government inspector having written in the school log book that 'girls should not be allowed to come to school in curl papers. No girl would be allowed to attend a high school in such a state, tL lid there is no reason why public elementary schools should encourage middle-class slovenly habits.'"

"This was altogether another story, and vin- dicated the action of the authorities. But our original informant was not satisfied, and in view of public comment on the new phase of the case he made inquiries, and discovered that the action of the authorities was not the outcome of the school inspector's notice, but quite the contrary, the notice having been written by the inspector after the in- cident had been made public. So much for the ingenious story of the correspondent who under- took to put us right. The question is now being asked whether it is within the province of a school board inspector to order the exclusion of children because their hair is in curl-papers.""

It will be observed that in the notice stated to have been written in the School Log Book by the Inspector the words "middle class slovenly habits' are used.

Now it must be borne in mind that these chil- dren who were sent out of the school were in a clean condition. Not only do the parents state this but the School Authorities have admitted this. The Inspector could not have seen the children if the incident occurred before his visit, and before he made the entry in the school book.

RALF SCARED TO DEA.Tii. "I was half scared to death." A common expression. Everybody has used it many times. Ordinarily it means nothing; and it is almost an exaggeration. But there is a principle behind it, and a long list of facts which may well interest and alarm us. People have boon so soared that their hair has turned from its natural colour to white in a few hours. People have been scared into insanity, and in numerous in- stances they have been actually and literally scared to death. History teems with proofs of what I say; and Such a result is as clearly the effect of a natural law as Is death by a bullet through the brain or the heart. Lis- ten if you please, to the story of a child, who was half scared to death. Her mother tells it, and the incident as she relates it has since been fully verified. "Up to September, 1891," she says, "my daughter I Mary, now sixteen years old, was a bright, healthy girl. At that time she accidentally met on the road a tramp, whose appearance and language frightened her so badly that she ran home almost out of her series. After this she drooped and her health failed. She became weakly and delicate. Any effort soon exhausted her, and she would not play like other girls. She complained of a bad taste in her mouth, and a slimy matter adhered to her teeth. Her appetite forsook her, and she took only beef tea and milk. Even after such mild forms of nourish- ment as these the girl would go nearly distracted with pain in the side, the back, and around the chest. For this I applied poultices and hot bottles. Cold, clammy and unnatural sweats came over her, and she became pale !Ike a dead person. Frothy water ran from her mouth, and we wore unable to stop it. As she grew weaker large abscesses formed on her neck. a little later she was too weak to stand and I put her to bed. "For sir months she rentable i in bed without strength to move. I was obliged to lift her inlmy arms and:heat her back, when occasion reqeired. For the most part she lay quite listless as if under a load of sleep and weari- ness; but her rest was broken by pain. She wasted rapidly as if in a decline, and in two months lost one I atone in weight. She was now so light I could easily lift her. When relatives and friends called to see her she took no notice, and did not wish to hear them talk. Many times I thought she was dead, as she had no per- ceptible pulse, and I could not hear her heart beat. Yet tot water bottles and wine would revive her. "In this condition Mary remained:month after month, growing weaker, if that was possible. Na one thought she could much longer, and I tried to resign myself to parting with my beloved daughter. It made me ill to see her sufferings, and I felt tea years older duriug thosesis,anxious months. . "1 had one doctor after another to see her (seven doctors in all treated her), but she seemed no better. One after another the medical men gave her up as incur- able, saying they could do no more for her. A physician f rom Dublin (a specialist) when on a visit to Stranorlar Was brought to see my girl. He agreed with the other deetoes—tbat her case was hopeless. When we had abandoned all hope I chanced to read in a small book which had been loft at the house., about cases like Mary'; having been cured by Mother Seigel'a Syrup. lat once got a bottle from Mr. John Haat, the druggist. and began giving her this medicine. In a short time I noticed a slight improvement, and thereafter abs got stronger—slowly but sorely. When she had taken ten bottles she was well and strong. Since that happy time she has kept in good health. Everybody in the district wondered ..at the cure, con- Soldered it almost like a miracle, and asked what had done it. I told them all (including our Rector, the Rev. J. A. Crawford, who visited her regularly)' that Mary's recovery was wholly due to her use of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and that, save for this remedy, she would, in my opinion, be now in bee grave. You are at liberty to publish this statement and refer any enquiries to me."— (Signed) (Mrs.) Matilda McConnell, Stranorlar, near Londonderry, Co. Donegal, Ireland, August 31st, 1897. The facts in this case are public:property among th people of the vicinity, who corroborate the account of them as given by Mrs. McConnell. Among others we quote one letter 1—" I have known Mrs. McdCoenuneeedll the many years, and remember her daughter's illness. She informed me that Mother Seigel's Syrup he 1 girl after seven doctors had failed. Mrs. McConnell is a respectable lady, and her word can be implicitly relied on. The case is well known in the district. You can publish this letter if you wisb."—(Signed) John Raitt, Merchant, Stranorlar. Ireland, August 31st, 1897. I The fright received by little Mary McConnell—then to ears old—produced a profound nervous shock, which resulted in an arrest of the digestive functions, with succeeding symptoms as described. It was indeed a marvel that she recovered. A medicine capable of curing such a ease is tryand praise. Because of the trouble they passed through may the future be good to mother and daughter.

ov Noted _ Enormous STOCK. XS: VIOLINS, &c. C. AND SONS, 'EP. LIVRRPOOL. leirphcne 5615.

• 114'....Y4.17 11,14441 k.7:nt- • ,4:•.'14 c- , licrrLtk s :NUINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES, rakers at greatly reduced Prices. BANJOS. GUITARS. V 7 ARCHER ANP 45-49. LORD-STREF EstAblistled 184 S 0

===== 0002601_18980624_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTOI MUSICAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING.-A. HANDSOME

PROFIT.

Mr. J. C. Parr, J.P., DL., presided at the annual meeting of the Warrington Musical Society which was held in Trinity schools, on Thursday last week. There was only a moderate attendance. At the outset, Mr. ATKIN (hon. secretary) read letters ot apology for non-attendance from Mr. John White, J.P ,and Mr. Roger C. Parr,the latter writing from Christ Church, Oxford. . . .

The SECRETARY in his report said before submitting his report for the season 1897-8, he felt he would not be acting in accordance with the wishes of the society generally and individually, if he did not refer to the loss sustained by the death of Mr. Rylands. In the early part of this rear the society lost its late president, and he might almost say its father, for ha thought he was right in saying there was no one left amongst them who could go back into the history of the Warrington Musical Society, and remember a time when Mrellylands' name was nct prominent in its records. His (Mr. Atkins) association with Mr. Rylands was, as was known to all present, at the end of this long period and for a few years only and in spite of his ad- vanced age and consequently less active life,his interest even to the last was as keen and great as ever, though naturally he could not make this as apparent as in the earlier an I more active years of his connection with the society. He felt that it would more fittinely come from a much older member of the Musical Society to speak to the worth of one so long connected with it,and it was naturally very little that he ()Ir.Atkin) could say. But the feeling remained that he would do wrong to let this, the only opportunity, though a seemingly Ide one, pass without voicing the society's tribute of respect for the memory of its late president and long supporter, Mr. John Rylands. A summary ani review of the work of the Society for the past season then followed. Continuing, the Secretary said that the membership list for the season closed showed a complete force of 227 of chorus and orchestra, being 77 sopranos, 51 contraltos, 24 tenors, 40 basses; total 192 in the chorus, and 35 in the orchestra, not including the additional professional help at the concerts, it still being necessary to fill up gaps in the orchestra at the perform- ances. The attendance cards showed a good average attendance of each section at the numerous rehearsals, though there was even yet something to be desired in the general regularity of the members at the practices, and he noticed at one of the concerts a thinness in the places allotted to the bass section which tie hoped would not occur again, (Laughter.) Without counting the one or two final rehearsals held in the Parr Hall, there were 37 practice meetings in all for the preparation of the works performed held in Trinity School, and the season cemmeneed on September 21st, 1897 and closed on March 23rd, 1893. It was not his:province to criticise the work of the past sea: son, and time was too short to say all he could or would like to but he wanted be admitted one or two remarks. First of all a step was taken by the nommitt ee in arrang- ing the season's prospectus on the 19'h of August last 1 eear which he thought they would allow had been fully justified by the results when they heard the treasurerce financial statement. He referred to the alteration and reduction of the scale of subscription and aamiseion prices to the concerts. Another pliet was th snieme of selling tickets on a bonus principle, if he might call it as by the members, and here he just wished to say how much obliged the c :mmittee and himself personally were to those who worked so hard, and espec- ially his thanks were due to the gentlemen who relieved him by undertaking the management of this sale as far as the chorus in its different sections was concerned. The band members alone bad sold £5 33. 63. for the "E.ijah" concert, £2 163. 63. for the " Messiah," £3 15s. for the February Bth concert, and £1 Bs. for March 23rd concert, making a total of £l3 3s. and this at a cost of one free two shilling ticket only on the whole lot. He fancied the generosity of members in foregoing their en- titled bonuses was great and pleasing in the extreme. Ile must be allowed leave to offer his personal thanks for the help and support and willing co-operation of all the officers and committee of the society. Thanks from himself were due to Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Caldwell, Mr. White, Mr. Newcombe and others whose help had been as invaluable as ever, and he had a feeling that unless there was a Mr. Crosaley there was a great doubt whether there would be a Musical Society at the present time. He could sefely say he could not and would not have tackled the difficulties they had gone through, had he not felt that with such a conduct or at the head of affairs they were bound to come right at the end. In conclusion, without taking the wind out of Mr. Reynolds sails he wished to add that now, if ever, the Warrington Musical Society was at the point where it might with reasonable pride consider its welfare assured, if, and this was the point, it could only ensure to itself by a complete and enthusiastic working each season, the same results musically and financially as it had attained during the season 1897 8. He firmly believed and sin- cerely hoped it was now as much, nay snore, in favour , than ever it was with the public of the town and neigh- bourhood, and it only remained to do good works well to secure the position it ought to bold as one of the oldest local institutions. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN said before he called upon the treasurer for his report he felt that he should be only re echoing the feelings of all when he emphasieed all that had been an judiciously said by the secretary on the loss they had sustained by the death of their late president. His (the chairman'e) earliest associaton with the society was in connection with Mr. Rylande,and be watched very often the keen interest he took in the performances. By his interest and thorough appreciation of music, Mr. Ry- lauds was of the greatest assistance to the society in its earlier days. He stuck to it through thick and thin, through good arid evil report, and it was with very great regret that they accepted Mr. Rylands' resignation when he was obliged through failing health to Insider it. His memory would ever be green amongst them and they all very much regretted that be was no longer with theno.(Hear, hear.) He thought he might compliment their honorary secretary upon the very interesting and exhaustive re- port which he had hero able to give them, he thought it contained many elements that ought to give them very keen satisfaction. Be fancied from what he had heard that they would have greater need for satisfaction when they had hoard the Treasurer's report. (Applause.) TICE TREASURER'S REPORT.

pen.

Mr.L.W.Ritynows then presented his annual financial I statement- At toe outset he explained that at the annual meeting last year it was gated that there was an adverse balance of £95 193 4d., but whea the accounts were closed it was found that the debt was reduced to £95 64. They therefore began the past , season with that deficit. The members subscriptions during the season just closed were £54 4s 61., against £46 12s. 61., in the previous season the subscription list amounted to £3 81 61. against £134 3.4. (Hear, ' hear). The reducdon of the subscription 3 to the centre and side gallaties had been successful. Instead of having 50 subscribers to the centre gallery and second reserved Feats, they bad dur- ing the past season 85. (Appause). The total number of subscribers during the season just closed was 305 against 237, the previous season. (Hear, bear.) The receipts from the sale of tickets and programmes amounted to £253 03.11 d. against a corresponding total of £192 10s. 41. The total income for the season was 46460 13s. 11d. against £373 ss. 10s. (Applause.) On the expenditure side they bad paid £834 Os. 61. for pro- fessional assistance, and after meeting all other expenses there was a balance on the year's working of £47 6s. 91. (Applause.) If they deducted that amount from the ad- verse balance of £95 63., they would see that the debt now owing by the society was reduced to £47 193. 3j, (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN thought the reports were eminently satisfactory, and he was sure they owed a debt of grati- tude to all those who had worked the s^ciety and pro- dueed such satisfactory results. The society was in a far better position than last season. It showed a vitality and go which augured well for the future. As soon an a society of that kind got into a firm position there was no telling what it might achieve in the future. Their thanks were due to the secretary and treasurer for the exhaustive reports they bad given them, and conducting the business of the society during the season. Ile was sure they would accord them a hearts' vote of thanks. Be had pleasure in proposing the adoption of the reports, and he would couple with it a vote of thanks to the secretary and treasurer for their untiring rffoits for the benefit of the Society. Mr. NEWCOMBE seconded the proposition and humour- ously referred to the difficulties met with by the secre- tary and Treasurer during the year.--The proposition was unanimously carried. Mr. ATKIN in responding said there were difficulties attending the office of secretary but when they got to the end of the year, and bad ouch a satisfactory report to show, the diffieulties seemed rather mall. He was grateful to them for the vote of thanks. and was glad of the kind support be always received from the members.

ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. Mr. R. T. FaxacLotrou said he had great pleasure in proposing the re-election of Mr. Parr as president for the ensuing year. (Applause.) He felt that the success of the Society was in a large measure due to Mr. Parr for the simple reason, that if it had not been for his generosity, they would not have had a hall in which to sing. The hall they previously time,' was not fit for a Society like theirs to slog in ; but the hall they had at the present time was very suitable indred, and the sue- CeSS of their concerts was in a large measure due to the fact that the audience could hear what they had to ren- der. He also thought that as long as Mr. Parr was their president the members would think they were being honoured by his occupying that position. Mr. FANSHAW said he had great pleasure in seconding the proposition. He was of opinion that if they had not had a good friend in their President the Warrington Musical Society would not have stood in the position it did that day. They owed much t 6 his generosity, From a musical point of view the town had profited by it. He was sure all the members were proud of working under

such a president as they had,and he believed that under his presidency they would gain further success. The resolution was carried with acclamation.

The CIIAIRMAN.in responding, said he-felt almost over» whelmeci with the kind references which had been made to his very poor servic,s. They must all understand that whatever benefit had accrued from what he had done,it must give him tenfold pleasure in seeing the pleasure it gave to other people. Ele believed the ball had been of benefit to tne town generally and especially to the musical portion of it. Previously it was almost impossible to have music properly represented, but now it was,and he hoped would be well represented by the Musical Society. It gave him very great pleasure to continue another year as president. Re almost wished they had selected a more energetic man for the position but as they bad sa many active members perhaps a. figure head was the bast for their president. (Applause.)

THN VICE PRESIDENTS. On the proposition of the Castnates, seconded by Mr. G. F. F. Watra,the followinz gentlemen were appointed vice-presidents ; The Mayor (Alderman Wright),Messrs. John Crosfield. A. Crosfield, J. A. Eielsten, James Fair. dough, John Fairclough. R. T. Fairclough, R. Garnett, Dr. Gornall, F. Monks, R. C. Parr, and John White.

ELECTION OF COMAITTEE.

Mr. R. T. FAII2CLOIX4-11 p-roi;o7Ci.---artd Mr. Cook seconded a propositioa that the tollovring gentlemen form the committee of the society : Messrs. H. Bond, R. Eccles. D. Foochow, J. Newcombe, P. C. Price, W. Scotsou, R. H. Silcock, W. H. Wallington and R. Whit- field.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONDUCTOR.

Mr. W. E. ATKIN proposed the - v-election of Mr. Crossley as conductor.—Mr. R. H. Si LCOCK seconded,and said they owed much of their success to the cvaductor. He did not thing they could have one who took a deeper interest in the society or displayed greater ability than Mr Crossley.—The proposition was unanimously agreed to.

RE-ELECTION Or SECRETARY AND TREASURER. Mr. NEWCOMBE said he bad pleasure in proposing the re-election of the retiring secretary—Mr. W. E. Atkin, and the retiring treasurer—Mr. L. Reynolds.—Mr. ECCLES seconded the proposition, which was carried unanimously . In acknowledging the vote, Mr. REYNOLDS said there was more en- couragement in taking office now than previ- iously had been the case. They seemed to be on the right tack, and were scoring a success. He did not take all the credit for that success although he held the posi- tion of treasurer. The chief credit he thought was due to their conductor who concerned himself so much in the internal work of the society, and was ably assisted by their worthy secretary. He must not overlook tbe very great assistance which had been rendered lor tho members themselves. Be was of opinion that more was done by them during the past season than in any prev- ious seas in, and it was a very encouraging feature that the members were willing to work to bring about a financial Success. (Applause.) Mr. A.TEIN also replied, and referred to the assistance the society had received from Mr. Caldwell, and also from Mr, G. F. F. Whits and Mr. Newcombe.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TAB LIBRARIAN AND AUDITOR.

Mr. ATKIN proposed the re-election of Mr. G. F. F. White as librarian. and Mr. Newcombe as auditor.—Mr. Henry Bond seconded. and the proposition was unani. moody carried.

"clff :

===== 0002601_18980624_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TruNics TO TICKET SELLERS.

Mr. WILLIAM H. WALLINGTO.N slid he would like to. personally thank the members in his section who sold tickets.—Mr. Newcombe thanked thole in the soprano section. A voto of thanks to all who had assisted ia this direction was passed. MR. CIOSSLEY AND THE SOCIETY'S IVORY.

Mr. Caossf.Ey on b-ing called upon by the Chairman to make a few observati nu, said he was very grateful to the members for the kind words which had been ex- pressed, and the hearty manner with which his name had been received. With regard to the work of next season he thought it was too soon to make any actual announcement. He had been asked by the committee to think over a scheme, but be had not yet come to any conclusion. He believed they knew the hall had been already engaged,and it bad been arranged to have four concerts on or very near to the corresponding dates of last season. The" Messiah" would be again given at Christmas time. The other works would have to be settled within a very short time. The report which had been presented that night was very favo rrable, and be thought they were entitled to feel gratified and jubilant over it. Ile, however, hardly thought they would be so successfal in the coming seasors.Last season they wero for- tunate to select works which were very go 3d,and at the same time still appealed to the public. 'racy were also very fortunate to get some really very good singers with good naenerross for instance,Dlr. Santlev. It was not al- ways possible to so arrange matters. However, his earnest endeavour would be that they should have an equally, if not more prosperous season, than they had had this. (Applause.) On tins proposition of Mr. Atklar, the chairman's ser-, vices were acknowledged, and Mr. Parr having replied the meeting terminated.

PEOPLE YOU KNOW.

I** • s • . • f'z'",

===== 0002601_18980624_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
No. I.—ME BAKER.

Mr. T. STREATER. 55, Southam-street, Ketna.l-road. London, writ eq : " I have received so much benefit from Dr. Tibbles' V;-C )coa I tel that I must thank you for it. lam a biker by trade, which, as you know, is very hard work, but I am pleased to say that when I am done of a Me:ht. I fy,o hom‘‘ and have a cup of your Cocoa, and feel quite fresh arzain, and then I co and enjoy myself. But baforo I took to Dr. Tihbls' Vi-C.)coa,l used to mese about indoora as tired as could he.

V.-Cocoa has become a household word amongst szs. Prepared from substances of admitted dietetic value, Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Ooe.)a is at once d'gestive and refreshing, nutritious and invi,o,ating. This is the secret of its phenomenal 4iiccess. I", seems, so far as we can gather, to agree with evervbody, and everybody is agreed in giving it a good name. Appirently it is the accepted beverage of Ft people who have recagnised and appre- ciated its remarkable health-giving properties. And cer- tainly in this age of rush and worry, wear and tear, when the energies of mind and body are so severely taxed, ibis an food.

Dr.. Tibhirs' V,Cova cn bn obtainel from all Chemistm, Gropers an,i Sore, or frmi 60, 61 and aa. Bonin Row, London, E C.

_ As an unplraileled test of merit, a dainty RAmpfe tir of Dr. Tibbles' Vi• Cocos will be pent tree on applicatio-a to any address, if when writinq ( a postcard wit do) ths reader will name the " Warrinzton Examiner."

In the smiling race at Amsterdam for the Queen's gold ' medal the Englisufnan Croft, of the Thames 11.0., ain very et'llY beat Dejoug by twenty lengths in Smin. 31 -saeacs. The Milers had fine weather, and a strong following wind. Carrying uneindensed milk, accorling to a French dilly paper, has ran -ntly been done successfully from Denmark te the United Kingdom by filling the churns absolutely full, to prevent shaking of their contents, and introducing into each a block of frozen milk sufgaieotiv large to ke,p all Cool till the market is reached. Tue frozen block occupies about a third of the interior space.

Effervescent keepable milk has hem patented by M. Cassius. a irenoliscientist. The process of preparation is described as very simple. The milk Is plsced in a eiosed vessel and eempressei oxygen is force 1 in with It. This stops fermentation. and the milk will afterwards keep for an indefinitely long time. Rfferveseenee is irnpart,A by intro- ducing carbonic acid gas under compression, just as in tbet ease of aerated waters.

Two drowning accidents in different parts of Ulster were repertedinßast on Tuesday. In one cas3 Mrs. Doherty, widow of a late well known Dublin contractor, lost her life while bathing on Monday in Lough Swilly, near her reaidenee St. Murals, Fakan, ounty Donegal In the other case a labourer named Hall fell from a lighter into the river Bann at Portadowe. and was drowned before assistance could reach him

isll SC -23 SC -2. E SSC /ft Tae

_ _ * HOUSE OF COMIYIONS * committee have voted that vtotbr* 613 R 0 0 K E BONDS' TEA,it .... le "V" zstr BRITAIN'S BEST.' * 4 Aye, The M. Ps., the chosen of The People isir hay, chosen Brooke, Bonds' Tea before all *others for daily use in their Honourable Hou e. Thus, the elected Representatives * of the IslAtion have ratified the opinion of the I 2.000,000, * "Ift Tee, two million people, who have been 30Ir *drinking Brooke, Bonds' Tea every day for years. These great British Facts prove Alr harleed thac * 'BROOKE BONDS' TEA litc

is Air '4l BRITAIN'S BEST.'

Sold by nearly 30,000 AGENTS * AT

*lOd., 1/.., 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, & 2/8 ALB. - *

*, BROOKE, BOND & CO., Ltd. ler- T" MERCHANTS ' Pr APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE : LLI4cA"IRE TEA. WARI,JIOVSES ; IL PICCADILLY., AND Sz; 14 Lozia * hlub mLLLGSTE, MANCHESTER. Itr ** * *

i

. K

===== 0002601_18980624_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
I

the "Oramintr" gperfts

01 LAN- 0 SSHIE AND CHIESHIRE CoUNIT NEW9PTPZ2.3: Comprises

q\liz Warrington and kid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- A_ 'fished every Saturday morning. riIHZ Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 'TIRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .11. afternoon. Buncorn Examiner, published every Saturday Tl!ortang, and rr HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday A morning tRBPAID ADVERTISIIMBHI3. S/TUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APASTEENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOS SALE NT PRIVATE CONTRACT MismELLimicous wAarrs.

EIOEBEB AND OTKEB PREXL9ES TO BE LET OR SOLE. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. :18 27 36 45 64 above charges are for PE-am-Arm only No Advertise Iment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

nomtOttt herbaniff, szr.

' small

-fe:Mili.-1:

===== 0002601_18980624_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD, - .nod GIMERKL,

a good, for a . Apply 4, PRINCE BDwlN.ter., Liverpool.

W

"ANTE'S'

to Zs.—Appl3 GKI.Liso, Eltonhead Farm, button, St. Helens.

WANTED, strong GIRL as General about 16; live in.— APPLY 4, St. A,Laiss. off Whiteriell road, Liverpool.

WANTED SERVANT (General); must have good ellaraeter.—Apply after 7 p.m. 166, FiLicams-srriarr. Liverpool.

WANTBD, good GHNBRAL ; references required.—Mr9. Oakneht, Burton-road, West Pidsbury, Manchester.

GllOO5l or Groom-Coachman seeks SITITA.TION, age 18. Can ride and drive well.—A. HAIDISTAFF. Watnall-rd., Nucknall Torkard, Notts.

IJJAITBD, good General SURVANT. one horn the coun- try preferred good references.-7, CLARENDON-IT., C.-On-M., Blanchester.

'WANTED, situation as GROOM-COACHMAN. age 22.3 years' god character and 3 previous —R. Rows, Stockbridge-lane. lllverston.

HOUSBKBBPBBS. experienced Housemaids and Bar- maids waiting Engagements apply Mrs. WALLER, 34, 'Sankey-street, Warrington.

WARTRD. SHRVANT GIRL. thoroughly experienced and respectable ; only four in tandly.—Address Mrs. UTCLIFFE, Ridgernount, btalybridge.

WANTED. situation as GROOM under Coachman; ride and drive well ; height sft. bin., 9st. ; three years good character. —F. HUGHES, Betiey, Crewe.

NVANTBD, several experienced NUMBS ; also good GENERAL SERVANTS ; for town and country.-25. UPPER JACKSON-STREET, Eulme, Manchester.

WANTED. at once. strong and respectable GIRL, as GENERAL ; a good home to reliable girl; good refer- ences.— Apply 26, MASSEY-TERRACE. Ksaslngtoa, Hall-lane, Liverpool.

WARM), situation as BARMAID or working barmaid ; goad appearance and character ; thoroughly aspect. eneed.—Address D. H..CHIP HoTra., Llandrillo ru Rhos. Colwyn Bay. •

-TUALB and FEMALR NURSES INsTITUTION, 70, H0pe- .1.71. street. Liverpool.—Estabhshed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr • Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 670

WANTED, Experienced GENBRAL, immediately (25 to 35). who can wash. iron and pliin cook ; good char- acter ; comfortable quiet place ; solicitor's f smily ((oer) ; housemsld kept; boy h. r b.ots, knives, Ace.—Mrs. W ILL.L.ACZ GILL, Knaresborough, Yorkshire.

DLACEPOOL. Comfortable Apartmemts, one minute from 1) see d Central Station ; punlie or private; piano. Mrs. TnomAs, 28, Hornby

BLACKPOOL.—ComfortAbIe APARTMENTS, with or without board.--Dalis HINCHLIFF. 12, Alexandra-mod, Promenade, south Shore.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel).

-------- _ -- AGBPITS WANTRD to sell irir Patent Tobacco Pipes for Cycllsta.—PaTiliNT PIPE Co., Bradford.

QUNLIGHT COUPONS WANTED. Is. pr 100 Riven this month.—PaAxxx.m. grocer. Abbots-hilt. ltatesgate.

NIV ANTED, a good Dairy of pure NEW MlLlC.—Addresr. WARD. 74, Paddington, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

GOOD EARNINGS at borne by the HARRISON PATENT XNITTIbTO MACRINES.-48, UPPER BROOSC-STREET, Man- chester.

NWANTED, CLURK, age abont 23.-Ipply in own hand- writing to the LONGFORD WIRE Co., Limited,

L-rrington.

-- -- A GENTS WANTED, to push First-class MACHINERY -r1 OILS. Liberal Commission—Boa 31, Pour OFFICE. Liverpool.

WAR. MEDALS WALIVTEID dttel 1.343. or earlier 189 Z. or later ; Cal It Arctic ; 2! eaell give !Saj or Tomas, Droicwicb.

CILASS BOTTLE BLOWBRS.—WANTBD, oeveral steady NJ BIBS, for Burst off work.—Apply by letter, 131.410 P, Godley-street, Burnley.

----- WANTED. a good Wed: MAN to prick Wortlepla.,s3 ; liberal wages to competent man.—Apply G. BENNET r Am? COMPAztY, Coralsh-stsest, Sheffield.

- GHAI GOODS.—Everything for dealers. fur- -LP nishers, club'. dte. ; Avents wanted; wholesale boa. free. —Write flicinr MAY, tractor, B:rminghain.

ANTI3I3, Female COMPOSITOR, must be competent and experieneed.—Addiess. stating terme.—ZinWe- PAYER AND ADVIL:III3EIi OFFICE, St. He 111123.

---- FrOB9CCONISTS Commenctruz. - see Bid. Guide (239 pages) 3d. Tobaccionists' Outfitting Co.,lB6,lluston•rei.. London. Hairdressers fitted. Nstimatestree.—.2gr.

E s YOUR OMN 31.15 T BS and earn £3 or more weekly. ParttOulars and Sample 7 •tamps. —O. B I Raw, 77. Littis-rd., West Kensington. London. laNlitlitle opporcuatty.

NATIONAL SCHOOLS, Didebnry,StAnehe3tar.—Wasiterl. Boyb' Department, two Assista t-M4sters, ; Drawing. ; aalary commencing £ns paid monthly.— Apply HEAD MASTER.

W A ANTED, Oki English and Foreign STMPd; collections And loose Stamps baug,ht ; eeClally Id. black Engliah Government Pareels;Present S.W.—Send on approval ARTHUR kirpsois, Philatelic House, S. its ary's-street,Nelson

Gll.B-STOVI3 and ItA.NGB FIrTBRS Wanted at once; thoroughly capable men. used to fitt!ng up gas-stoves; ednstant emp!oyment for gaod men ; only those used to g,s• stnves need apply.—Joax WRIGHT And CO., Limited, &sex Works, Aston, Birmingham.

-WANTED immediately. EVERY SHBRE, Trust- worthy ; ss. Daily easily earned by Either Eex, besides Commission yielding an ever 'urea,. ing Income without Canvassing. For initiative sample. ac., (indispensable) Enclose 9d. stamps; return (If desired) ; Guaranteed by EVANS, WATT/3 Alf D CO., (p. 174 Globe Warehouse, kirmingbum. ( this it Genuine).

VOll BALL either Oatcake or Confectionery BUSINESS. A: Apply 14. tIADDOCK, 20. Ktng-atreet, itawtenstall.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Let.

------------ _ _ BNKETH.—Clottages 4. 9d.. 3s. ed. and 2s. Bd. per week 16. WHLLINGTON STIINLiT, rent be. 19. GBH 3TRieET. rent 3s. 1. 39, JQ3I ilNfl ChOWN eTNVECT, rent Ss. 3d. 41. ROS 3 AND CROWN S rum RT, rent 4s. 3d. DALLAAI LtY YOUSDRY with power; L. & N.W. Beltway siding. ,tv;ply RoBERT Low estate Agent. No. 1, Bank-street, War- n Telephone—No 55. To Ler.-,--LARGB RDOM„ Lrford-street.; rent £2O Apply ASSToN AND WOODS. eolliNtoll, Horsecnarket-st., rllO LET. SHOP, with LARGE! ROOM over, in Orfor.l-et., -1 rent £3.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, ,Itolicitors Horse- suarket-street..„Wa.rrington. _ Tr° firr,—INAILEHt.III-8111- BTABLE with rooms over. and X large yard attached ; rent £2s.—Apply ASTON AND VOaDS, l'loremerked-a:.eet, Warrtngtou. IDREMIBES suitatle for wOResHOPS. Ortord-etreet. -I. Apply ASHTON AND WOoDs, Notiettots, Ilorseinarket-st., Warrington.

j;)leawint DWBLLIPTO-HODSB two Garden!, neer Attica'. will be thoroughly bratttl- lecl —II. HADeroRTII, 41, Ccrpomtien-e c., Manchester.

WO LIST a Rood BIIHAM and CONPHCTIORBRS SHOP. ctuse of letving. Ter ) good ovens. all ready money trade.—Address, 2. Low ER klaoutatToN-Roin, Lowee 33rought0n. Manchester. ,

OOD 6 Roomed HOUSES in 14[0y-street. rent 48. 6j_ GNo. 63 Howley-lane. tent 5a weekiv.—itenta reduced to 38 3d. from 75, Plerpoint-strert.— Alicleaned through for good tenant.— Apply, A. B. MARSH. %tate Agent, 3, .IrE les treet. Warrington DWELLINGHOUSIL-10 purch, BB LIST with the option ot use gait eleallent i.W HOU 611, woodbine Tecssee, Graweenhall-road. Latchford, within a na lie and quarter front Warringtoni 5 minute 4 from tn., ril- v..' station, and about the same d stance iroaa the principal lAua4tation. I*ll. particulars and te inspect, apply to the owner, J. TlATthrsoN, at kte. 6.

* I,ot, oittatwito. Tr L.,, liyag GOLlielliLDS..—Sook ot u4eful information 'I" Post tr.le 3d.—J. LoN W o, 12, Bello ae-road, Cluderford, '(llee. x "' ITOW TO UJIE HliaLVl.'' A medical work gl v -1'1". ISIO Int: Preieripti)llB %net Instructions for the cure ()f- -all kinds f ~.. Lebility ; post free two stemps.—Address 'de's"' '",--s. 4ii. Loosdale square. i3arasbury, Lon- .clort, N. --

IcitryllAN <QUFFERING horn Ner•ous isid Physical Debility 10 should send for a vanns e pamphlet eipisiniDg how all nervous and orga.nle arrangements may be sac_2eastallY treated without stomach mrd•cation. The method- is easy -ago pleasant. and Will efTeet a perfect and permanent cure. bent sealed, poet tree. Addeo, RuirroN 69 63 Chancery Tame. London, NV•v• Isstsedsbie 33

_— TOBACCONIST and SWEB re' for disposal ; good business ; 1 satisfactory reasons for leaving.—Apply 63, HODGE- Rol)) Walden, near Balton. CABH GROCERY. MILK & TOBLCCO BUSINBSE TO ER DISPOSED OP.-Apply 20, NELSON-BT., Oldham. road, Miles Platting. Manchester. - -

- - _ NEW BRIGHTOI.—Hand LtUNDRY, near Tower and Pier; good living. nice house.—Apply personally, 13. IOLLEMAC4IS-BTREKT, New BrightK a.

-- O_ROCRRY, Confectionery. and Godginig-iiouse BUil- kfi NHSS combined ; cern chance for making money.— Apply WILLIAM HUMUS, _ Hull-road, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
3Elottlo, Wbrool.36oarlitng Cotab.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MOBSCAMBEL—Mount View Boarding Houle. Thornton- road; admirably situated; facing sea ; full view of bay.—Taziff on appli ttion to Miss JONES.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
J— sra ov MA.—Ballachrink Farm Boarding House.Dalby, near Glen May; quiet resort, every comfort ; boating, awn tennis; terms moderate.—S. QUA.NE.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
apartmento, & eurnigbeb 31ouge5.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL—Superior APARTMENTS, with or without board; terms moderste.—Miss .13F-ILY, 25, Hill street, S.ll.

RAMSEY.—APART BN'i S, near piers and bathing ground ; baths, hot and cold,—Str. TUPPr:II, 35,Water- loo-road.

OODIA TN BAY.—Comfortable Apartments at Dingle V Mount. Upper eromenade. Inquiries promptly answered.

OIITHPORT.—Mrs. BRIGGS, Westfield, D, Bath-street, 0 Public and Private tlPAlTMlire.Id ; good beds. reason- able °barges.

IQILACKPOOL.—MrI. and Misses OoLitY,37, Dickson-road ; .1) public cud private APARTaIIiNIO ; ;tsar sic; adjoin- iag Tsibot.road. LANDUDNO.—Mrs. STEA.D. Englefteld, Queen's-road Craig-y-Don. Public and Private itvoms ; board desired ; sea view.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HARROGATIL—Hibon Lodge, Park View ; select RE—ST- for visitors, with or without board.—, EDIRB. Proprieiress.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK P OOL.—APART3IIiNTS. public or private at Dirs. W. ROBINSON'S, 85, Corcuatiou-street, near Central Statism; Plano; borne comforts.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
tiOLWYN BAY.—APARTMHNIS near station and prom- kJ made, view sea and wood,; bath ; modelate 0114.1111 t VILLA, Hawardeu-road.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TOILACKPOOL.—Srs. HIGBON. kleirnshore House. Charn- Li ley-road, off Coronanoa-street. APAaT2dIINTB ; neat Central Station; good beds ; piano.

A PAHTMENTS.—BIaskpooI, Is per day each person.- 111. COPE AND AECROTT. tro,pins House, 67, Swum- road, North bhore. 3 minutes from sea.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
INl°RMBgAßßprivaPt°MorENpAut!n•—bon Corrczfnogrta;bcleycleA.PAßrnT: terms moterate.—TlioaNTme, Winterdyne.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLIDAYS IN LONDON, Comfortable Apartments with meals at moderate fixed rates by day or wesk, Central Clean, 41, BERNIRD-STRRET, Russell Square

TrIBBL.—MRS. QUIBK, Tynwald House, Marine Parade; beantifully situated, facing the sea ; comfortable Apartments with or withaut Board. Terms moderate.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. H. RATNER, Alexandra Home. 98. 1.1 Albert-road. neut. Certrai Station and Sea. Public and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board. Pianos.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
gPtarfos, Buointool cr.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

PIIOFESSOR TRAntiER'S . FEXALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES. removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) ancl relieves the littresslng symptoms so prevalent with the sax. Perfectly harmless. and never fans to bring abaut the desired result, as testilled by thousands.

Pr!co 2.3. 91. and 41. 6. Extra strong lb. Ckre fully packed and sent free horn otservattun.

A mntEss :-11 ANA GEE MEIUICAL INSTITUTE, 14, PRIUS-STltElif (NEAR Amotes 11o5tE). LIVSKPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ..

===== 0002601_18980624_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA MINER. FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
38 SIDEBOARDS ALL SIZES AND STYLES FROM

20 DININGROOM SUITES, ALL DESCRIPTIONS, FROM

25 CABINETS, BEAUTIFUL DE:iIONS, FROM

40 BEDROOM SUITES, FROM ...

999 CHAIRS,

COUCHES & TABLES &c.,

INSPECTION SOLICITED.

£ s.

418 610 77 5 5

IN GREAT VARIETY,

WARDROBE, DRESINIi uEsr, WASTBTA.ND, OilArid,4 &C.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
gpaltsbpVrtbate Camp.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
QARDBN TBNTS, 22s 6d., 395.. 545., carriage paid. Mar- guess various.—ElitamersLD. Lauderdale Buildings, Idershot, London.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BL S SOLD Cheap, a Brown MARE, 141 hinds ; owner -IL having no further use for ber.—Apply 13. SEPIITON- STREET, Newton Common.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
P&TCHWORK. 50 choice pieces. Silks, Satins. Velvets, is.; lovely crochet mats 4d. each.—Mrs. LAWFORD, 13, Lytham-street, Blackpool.

wANTED. to Purchase Seconcl-hand MILNER'S, CRUDES'. or CHAT WOOD'S SAFES. -EpwARDs ATM Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool:

===== 0002601_18980624_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FrMIN BUSTS.—Sead for effectual, inexpensive Remedy, as adopted by Actresses ; no drugs or pads ; ls. 6d.— Mars. Purrosnsa, 6, Bell Garden road, Peckham. 0 Ineash Prizes for Inventions. Stamp for con- ditions : gennina.—CoLLlss AND Co., 12, Featherstone Buildings. Holborn, London.

L 100 -"HOW IMA KS £l3O YBARLY. certnin,from . 25 Hens kept in continement."Hundreds doing It ;pamphlet Is Id.—Roomts. Prospect Piece, Bath. a

===== 0002601_18980624_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
rrENTS.—Cost the Government over £6 each.llgade of Pure -I White Waterproof Linen, rzarcely used. 461 t circumfer- ence, loft high, with poles. pegs. ruuners, lints, mallet, and bag, erc mending the very latest iaiprovemeuts to stand all climates and weather; ery adaptable for cricket, tennis , bathing, fi,hing, camping-out. lawns, besting parties, ac ; all cotnplete and ready for use. Price 306. each. carriage paid ; these are all picked tents awl are as gold as 112 W ; special quotations for three or more ;c in be sent on approval ; two supplied Buckingham Palace ; cataMgues of marquees tree ; also genuine testimonials for reference. APOIY GROUrill .ItUBBN.It CHhIS. 61t by 3ft ; indisi,ensable when camping out, qs each ; can he used with til3 tents.—A. PUITBB, 'rent Manuta:turer, Melbourne Works, Woiverharnpton. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
*aits bp 13r.blte Ertatg

--------- ----- V OURO. ST. BERNARD DOG, good colour, excellent yard, 1 dog. —39, BOUNDARY-ROAD, nt. Helene.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Cptle%

elYCLßS.—Szverkl Show Boom and other Soiled DOI., and Cents CYCLES. also TANDEMS ; Bargains ; post- card.—EnYALTY CYCLE WORES,A.lcester-road.Birmlncharn. z

===== 0002601_18980624_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eggs, Voultro, Scr.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS S CHLORODYNE. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. tILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to kj be the most wonderful and valuable remedy over dis- covered. riiILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Cougbs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. 011L0 RODY NE effectually checks and arrests j those too often tat ii diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague.

- e—itiLO.RODYNig acts like a charm in Diarrhcea ki and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. Cll LOBODYN ri effectually cuts short all attack_ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. ciiILORODYNN is the only palliative in Neural k Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis

===== 0002601_18980624_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. rOSILTON AND CO., HOrDCABEIB.

We have made pretty extensive use of ChlOrodyne in our practice lately and Mo.( upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other rgrnedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over al other sedatives ; thht it leaves no unpleasant after effect a.

•' Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despaten from her Majesty's L;onsui xc Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy ot any service was CLILOIcO- - Lancet, lst. December, 1864.

- -- (IAUTION.-BEWARF• OF PIitACY AND 1m1112.k- -ki

_ • Csurrom.—Vice-Chancellor bir W. PAGE Wows stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " 0r! I-OHODYNB " and that the story of the defendant FREP MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—Sue Times, 13th July, 1864, told in bottles at Is. 10., Zs. 9d., and 48. Ed. None is genuine without the woros '• sIR. J COLLIS BLIOWr.E'S Clll.otioLYr4l3 'on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medic4.l testimony accompanies each bottle. SoLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. IIa.VEMPOUT, 33, Great Rusrell-street, Bloomsbury. Lowlors

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of seeds when a smaller quantity will suffiee. BIDDLES AND CO.,

THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable aud Flower beech are Eupplied by us in C/SI PlskiNY packets, and every ou e of tl.e very bcbt quality coaveniehtly erna!l quantities.

PRE 3S OPINIONS. " We cannot butt hink that a very deairable scheme " (our Penny Packet 13ystem) "is here propounded."—" Peter— borough Standard."

" An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of sceds as equal to that contained in larger and rni,re costly packets."—'• Newcastle Chronicle."

The firm has a high reputation and standing. and We commend them to the notice of amateur garuenerS and others who desire to make thLir gardens look bright riurl r, g the coining season in a very ecouc:rnical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times."

--- LIST OF VEORTABLIi AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

Our COMPLTIT ILLUSTRATED OATALOQUE, contain lug Lists of Vegetable arid Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants, kn., with de.criptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the wl:ctc tc•.rming B,I[EIPLO Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.alts In, Sanction.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
STRENGTH. LEADING PRICES.

1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PEE LB.

THE BEST VALUE OFFERED.

H A Xi S. HAMS. COOPER AND AR EI THE FINEST PROCURABLE.

FROII VD. PER LB. COOPER AND CO.'S reputation for High- class GOODS ia known all over the kingdom. and they never arer any GOODS of interior qualitT tallow them to quote apparently low prices. Fully Detailed Price List:, F:ee.

Central IVarebouses—

GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON. AND BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDO3I.

Local Branch 1- 4, BUTTERNIARRET-STREET. IVARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18980624_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
1

THE Unionist party has been 'Applogisine for Ritualism. placed in a false position by taking up the Benefices Bill and making 'szcuses for not yielding to the demand for fresh Teatraints upon the ritualising clergy. That ex- cuses are being made is undeniable, and that they re very distasteful to many Churchmen on the nionist side is equally demonstrable. The ties (11 party restrain the majority of the Unionist Party, however,from making declarations and pro- ions that would meet the situation. It is said tht. at the suggested precautions would be so ineffec- -Ivs) that they are no part of the Benefices Bill, that the law is sufficient as it stands, and that ranch must be left to the discretion of Bishops;the and so on. Mr. BALFOUR 'S "en disposed to minimise the evil. I°W, what was the Benefices Bill introduced for if not to reform away abuses It was the project Of the Church Committee, and that Committee has for its leading spirits two of the sons of the lIREMIER, without whose aid the Government Would have left the measure in private hands, sad it would have bean defeated, as on former °cessions. The occasion is thus one in which the Whole Huse of Commo!ts is interested. One of t.he intentions of the bill is to increase the power of the Bishops, in order to prevent scandals con- ni:cted with tia silo oZ next presentations. ut ever effort to make such scandals impossible to occur is met by the plea that the Bishop must be left a discretionary _Power. Pi "may" d 3 a nu nbe-2 of things. When it was proposed to transform "may" into "shall ' the whole of the power of the Government Was brought to bear to crush one of their own supporters. When it is suggested that the Bishop should refuse institution to well-known ritualisers two lines of apology are suggested. The first is that he can do it now; the second is that the bleasure has no decided bearing on doctrine and

tibial. How, then, it mty be asked, do so many e2trome young men obtain livings? Either be- cause the law is not obeyod by the Bishop, or be - t'ause the sense df the Church is that it would be inconvenient for the Bishop to refuse 10 institute. The Church has been under-' mined by permitting this discretion, and therefore it ought to be taken away. /tshops have become as lax as the clergy, and so titualism has grown bolder. The Bishops have been squeezed and defied. The law of the land is disobeyed. What, then, is the value of the Church established by law if the law about doctrine and ritual and obedience to episcopal 4Uthority can be so successfully defied? That is the layman's question, and the Attorney-General's 411sWer is ambiguous. He regrets, and he refuses !Lei:l°4B3,st persons who wish to attack the root of e MiSchief. By empowering and directing the C;r"ll°Ps to refuse institution to these law- ieakers the Church would be reformed td°es not look as if it would ever be reformed in ether way. The Bishops go to sleep, the -Kltualists push here and push there, and when cl.biections are made it is said that " No Popery " anarrow, a bigoted, and a party cry. The country will, we hope, watch very carefully the controversy which is going on, and the timid, quibbling, and apologetic attitude adopted by the nionist party. Many things have been sacrificed to Maintain the Irish Union. If the Protestantism 13t the Church of England is now about to be offered up in the same way, the country will have t° speak its mind.

THE VICE-PREUDENT of the Sir John Committee of Council on Education. Gorst. is just now the object of a large attount of severe criticism. The friends of Volun- tary schools do not enjoy the thrusts he has given 4t their religious education, at the attendance of their scholars, and the efficiency of their teachers. teast of all do tney relish the intimation that ltotil rural schools are placed under some better 14;1thority than school associations matters are no to be very much improved. They do no llllite see what he is driving at ; and we confe3s 1;a sharing in this perplexity. What would have ? He is called upon to adminis- :▪ et a double system, and he professes to be friend of the denominational side of it and great admirer of mall School Beards. •Lit" has had to defend the system whenever it has been attacked, and his own attacks upon it are therefore the more extraordinary to its friends. What he feels himself compelled to do is to array the most damaging facts he can in a form that makes them effective for platform purposes. Yet e has not made any proposals for effecting an alteration, and he has not seriously attempted to :tilighten the House of Commons and the country ri the working of the Voluntary Associations and v Special grant. On these points there is a strong "rarnand for information, and it has not been sup- Puled. in what character, therefore, does Sir JOHN wish to figure? Is he an educationist, m'scontented with the system he has to administer, With the amount of power he is permitted t exercise and with his position generally under a 'tho has more than:once overridden his views?

1

thiei

I

===== 0002601_18980624_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
That interpretation is quite consistent with some of the facts of the case, if it fails to explain them all. On the other hand, there is the more per- sonal view of the case. It is often said that Sir Joarr GORST is ill at ease, that he is not satisfied with the position into which he was thrust because no better one offered, and that he has been anima- ted by a desire to make everything about his De- partment as uncomfortable as possible for every- body. There are doubtless influences at work, pushing him this way and that way, in accordance with the views of two or three schools into which the Government is divided on the subject of national education. Yesterday he was against Board schools; to-day he seems adverse to Voluntary schools. At one time he thought our system was too cen- tral; at another he seems to complain that it is not central enough. All these matters are very puzzling, and they provoke curiosity,criticism,and even disgust. It is usual to say that he is so candid that he must acknowledge the existence of awkward facts. It is now being asked why he is not as candid about his own position ? I t is most unsatisfactory. Daes he want more power? Is he hampered by the clerical influences which led to the special grant? Has his view of the work- ing of the Voluntary system convinced him that it cannot be maintained ? If the clergy cannot keep their schools going in an efficient state, and they will not bear their customary burdens, they must expect severer treatment in the future.

• A LETTER, perhaps even more The Mannine of the important than that of Sir A. ' Mercantite Marine. B. Foitwoon —because the as- sertions in it are backee up by argument—has been contributed to the " Daily Chronicle " by Mr. G. ELLIOTT BRO.-UWE, president of the Lon- don General Shipowners' Society on the extensive employment of foreign seamen on British Ships. His first argument is in refutation of the belief that the foreign seaman is employed because he is cheaper than the British seaman, and satisfied with inferior food. This he denies, and backs up his statement with the convincing argument that thea v paid to seamen, irrespective of their ti ty. are "the wages of the port," while nlouaagieis the food supply to each and every A,B.is regulated by the Board of Trade and examined by the Board's inspector. The theory of the choice of foreign ers before Eaglishineu on the ground of econ- omy is therefore exploded. There is no competi- tion in prices,—which would indeed be a serious matter, but the labour of either S3indinavian or Briton is procurable at the same rate of remuner- ation. Mr. BROUWE thou goes on to sh )w why the foreige searneu is so numerous in the mercan- tile marine, and in doing so he practically corrob- orates Sir A. B. Foeveoon's charge of lab week. As a rule he says, "they are better sailors than our own, being steadier and more subservient to dis- cipline than the majerity of our eeemen." Cer- tainly from all ac: mints the British seaman has vastly deterieriated. Then there is the scarcity of men " worth their salt," and Mr. Bitom- eoe attributes this to the nursery for British seamen having nearly dis ap- peared with the gradual ellecornent of the sailing ship. Here we have the source of supply limited, and the inferiority of our sailors in some impor- tant respects, as reasons for the preferment of foreigners. And when in addition to this, the correspondent of the "Daily Chronicle" advocates the compulsory carrying of apprentices on every steamet above 700 tons not register, and the graduation of certificates so that the merchant service may offer better epenings to boys of superior education and intelligence, by so doing he admits that the " foreign element " owes its pre- sence largely to the fact that Englishmen do not seek employment on our ships. We have not to go far to arrive at a conclusion why it is that English men and youths do not seek employment at sea with the same zest as in the past. The conditions are not the same. With the abandonment, to such a large extent,of masts and sails, "life on the ocean wave has become almost as much a hurry- scurry as existence on land. Fewer men are re- quired for the navigation of a steamer, and be- side the shortening of the trips abroad which re- duces the romantic attraction of life at sea, there is a scarcity of the one-time jovial companionship. These may be sentimental reasons, but they have some weight when it is probably sentiment and not necessity which would impel a British youth in even decent circumstances to go to the sea for a living. Foreigners seem content to work under such conditions without considering them a drawback and thus willingly accept employment where Englishmen reject it. The difficulty seems to be in making the conditions of employment and of promotion such as will draw men from this country who have something more than physical ability,and in thus bringing the foreigners in to competition with Englishmen of higher training, make it more difficult for them to find work on our ships. While practical solutions t • the difficulty are not readily forthcoming, it ceases to be such a problem why foreign seamen are so numerous in the mercantile marine.

Emperor William has again been speaking in public, and has • vm utterance to some character- istic opinions. lit, is the ruler of a great nation, but one forgets this when ho opens his mouth and speaks. "Out of the mouths of fools cometh wis- dom," 'tis said, bat this is by no means an invari- able rule, and while we should have some reluc- tance in placing Emperor William in this category, we cannot help but be struck with the trivial and superficial nature of his utterances. There is noth- ing to denote wisdom about them,and his latest al- lusion to his beloved army as "the most important inheritance left him by his graudfather and father," is not one calculated to evoke the admiration of the German people,or the respect of other nations. It is nothing but a travesty of imperial duty to thus talk of the army. Germany is not all bar- racks and battlefield, nor are the Germans soldiers to a man, but it is plainly the army first, and the country's weal anywhere or nowhere. Such Royal devotion to militarism may be a source of gratifica- tion to the army, but even this will be tempered by the Kaiser's pronounced expectation of "uncon- ditional, iron, and blind obedience." Then again Emperor William enlightens his subjects on a monarch's duty to the theatre. After some high souled remarks about " the school of idealism," and " the preservation of the highest spiritual qualities of our noble fatherland," His Majesty proclaims that "it is the duty of a monarch to interest himself in the Theatre." It may have been noticed that most monarchs do frequently interest themselves in the theatre, but for some reason hitherto unsought and unexplained. Now we learn that it is from a sense of duty. Duty's paths, after all, may sometimes lie in very pleas- ant places, and the Emperor's explanation opens up an endless vista of now duties which one could stoically, even cheerfully fulfil.

The visit of Mr. John Dillon, M.P., to War- rington on Sunday was an important event in the history of the local branch of the Irish National League. We cannot say that we are very much in favour of Sunday meetings for political pur- pose., but we presume it was found convenient

===== 0002601_18980624_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, J UNE 24, IR9B.

A BOY BURGLAR AT RUNCORN,

On Thursday Morning oefore blri;rrd. -R. Norman, and H. Taylor, a boy named Frederick Harding, resid- ing with his father in Shaw-street was brought up in custody charged with breaking into the house of Mr. Robert flashy. 12. Shaw-street, and stealing therefrom the sum of 2s 71. May Basler, wife of Mr. R 'bait Bag.. ley gave evidence to leaving the house on Wednesday, and also the sum of 2a 41 in a glass in the kitchen cup- board. Upon her recurn she found the house had tom broken into and 2s 71 taken out of the glass. The husband gave evidence to finding the boy, and of his admitting the theft. He had locked the money in an empty bows in Shaw-street.—P.C. Gregory said he apprehended the prisoner that morning and in answer to the charge he said, " I took them dr. Gregory, but hope you'll let me off this time." rhe officer stated tbat he found some ingenious appliances (produced), for opening doors and window catches. The father expressed a desire that the boy should be sent to the reformatory, but the magis- trates said they did not feel justified in filling the reformatories with boys, who might be better if taken in hand.—Prisoner who pleaded guilty was soundly cau- tioned and sentenced to receive six strokes with the birch.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
for Mr. Dillon to break his journey at Warrington as he was en route for Dublin to attend the Wolfe Tone celebrations, and also that Sunday is the most convenient day for local Irishmen. At any rate the Irish people in Warrington and district attended in large numbers and paid their ad- mission fees willingly in order to hear thei:. Parliamentary leader. The mooting, very natur- ally and properly opened with a vote of condolence to the family of the late Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Dillon in seconding the vote, reiterated and amplified the views of Irishmen respecting the deceased states- man whichhe so fittingly and eloquently expressed in the House of Commons. He also took occasion to press home the fact that the universal chorus of lamentation, and unparalleled admiration from both friends and opponents of the greatest and wisest of British statesmen now passed away. was in itself a testimony to the wisdom of the Irish cause to which Mr. Gladstone devoted the later years of his life.

In his subsequent speech Mr. Dillon, as was per- haps only to be expected, dealt almost entirely with Irish affairs. The only time on which he took occasion to deviate from the Irish path was when he referred to foreign affairs. He poked fun at the blast of high-sounding trumpets which her- alded the entry of Lord Salisbury into the Foreign Office and the fanciful predictions which were made concerning the strong Unionist Government. After a three years' experience, he believed, the people of England were getting "pretty sick" of this great and strong government. "Never did England stand lower before the world," he declared, " than she does at present." Mr. Dillon's conclusions of the dissatis- faction to be heard on all hands with the present Government—" even in that palace of truth : the Smokeroorn of the House of Commons "—were that the time is not far distant when there will be an appeal to the country, an event, which he predicted was nearer than some people thought.

Mr. Dillon is nothing if not an optimist with regard to Irish affairs. With him Home Rule is far from being dead; it is very much alive. His speech was full of confidence, encouraged as he said he was by outward signs of enthusiasm amongst Irishmen, such as he bad never seen for many a long day. There are signs that the Irish in England, and in their native land are as deter- mined as ever to secure Irish liberty. After a graphic description of the condition of Ireland at the present time Mr. Dillon proceeded to carefully analyse the policy of Mr. Gerald Balfour" of killing Home Rule by kindness." He clearly con- trasted the spirit of Mr. Balfour in dealing—or refusing to deal—with the famine in the. West of Ireland, and the unblushing bribery of Irish land- lords to the tune of £300,000 a year in order to get their consent to the Irish Local Government Bill. Despito the difficulties which beset the Irish cause, Mr. Dillon looks forward to the future with perfect confidence on one condition, and that con- dition is that the Irish are united among them- selves. To secure their liberty the Irish people must be united, and this was the subject of the last public letter Mr. Gladstone ever wrote, and in which he . made his last profession of his unshaken fidelity to the Irish cause.

It is a very prevalent error that anybody can manage the affairs of a newspaper but tho man destined by training and circumstances t do so. We have frequently had this exemplified in our own experience, and wondered greatly at the colossal self-assurance of people possessed of the idea that to control the reins of a newspaper is the easiest task on earth, and just the one thing they could do to perfection. And that we are not alone in our sufferings from this class of busy-body is shown by the action of the editor of the" Gwelo Times," who quits the field in distraction and hurls the following parting shot at his tormen- tors in particular and the world in general: —"We have come to the conclusion that to edit, print, and publish a newspaper, be storekeepers, newsagents, book-keepers, and account collectors, be authorities on everything in tha heavens above or the earth beneath, and take advice (!) from every member of the community who considers he has a latent genius for running a newspaper, is too much for the health, wealth, or future existence of two ordinary civilised beings. So we do not feel sorry to relinquish control."

RUNCORN NA.TIONAL SCHOOLS.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RIINijORN AND vvtDNIES.

PROPERTY SALE AT RUNCORN. At the Wilson Hotel, on Monday, Mr. Luke Holmes conducted a 11119: succeisful sale of propirty,and several lot/ of valua'Jle leasthold property hin4ed hands at satisfactory prices.—Mr. Joseph Burton was the solicitor for the vendors.

METHODIST FREE CHURCH. The annual 51C,n1,14 in crup,ttioa wita this canal at Widnos Were panelledhrtho R. E twin nil, (1,1 San. day last, to lary qlonsfroz,a'i Ifl3. In tho afternool Hall also &Hoart ! ark aidreis to tho children. Spacial music was rendered. SUDDEN DEATH AT WIDNES.

On Saturday, , Mr. Thomas Blunt, f)reinan at Messrs. Gasket' Dea.ooll'3 Works, was eviz .d with a fit at his residence, 41, Widnes-road, and expired before medical assistance could be ohtained for him. The sad event is deeply deplored, as Mr. Blunt was lughly respected by his fellow-workers.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICEtT AT RUNCORN.

Owing to the uop-optti cue acati of the w•ather neither of the Runcorn cri3ket teams faltilled their fix tore. The firet team, were to hive net Grapyiahall at Granpenhall whi!s; toe " A. " teun were to have eater- tainel Liverpool Y.A.O ,at Runs Ira. Au enble af ernoon practice w partaken or between the suo were howe rep.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CIiICK2T CISTB 6' A " TR/CII.

On Monday evening aG a RI Stltl(l4 of the intialb IN of the Runcorn Cricket ChSh (" t" se sus) it was deokl. I to aopsint perm %neat oPfi Isrs to".4in Ch nIA gen. IMf. Cnartes Pye yrs, selscte I c sot kin ; and Mr. R. Wri4ht. as deputy. Bsth aro young and promising player', and enthusiastic sportstne.n, and their apdnintase,nt is gener- ally satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN' rIZITII A.ND COMMON.

The Provisional o:dar ap..) led to c. 1.3 tirtwi D - trict C )uneil, vesting in toein the ( ontrot of It H mth and Hill, oaml Worn the C )inzittee of Ways and Means, in the 1111.11t3 of Common% on Friday after- no4n, and was confirmed after hearing agnita f Bill.—On Monday the Bill W 35 311) read a thief tin! in the House of Commons. MARINERS' CHURCH BIWA CLASS.

The annual trip of the above Bobs Class held in on nection with the filly Trinity Church, R tricorn, we in. dulged in on Wednesday last. when th 5 inemh •rs to the number of about 40 visited Chester, from whence they had a voyage nn the 1)39 in the goeni ate. in”r from Eccleston to Eaton Hall, th-t 0314 W. 13 in chargo of the Rev. Mr. Killick,and Mr. Gibson. SUpDEN DEATH OF A SAILOR. On Saturday inorning John Abrams, age I ablut 45, of Qieen-street, Runc-irn. who was employod as mato On the schooner S• Julia " belonzinz Lalessri. Brundrit: and Co., of Penmieninawr, fell down dead upon the schooner's deck as she ws.s to ).)red in W.4.it 13 ink D)ck, Widnes. For some timo past Abrams snffrelron attscas of palpitation of the heart, and his le4,Gb ia pro- bably due to a seizure mre villent than usual. Ell wig cmveyed to Widnuf hospital. HALTOI•I TRINITY_ WERLRYLN CHIFEL.

The annual sermons were p•.,,i.en rl c,,,3 ab,ol chaoel On Sunday dist. In the m irnin4 and a,terii , the Rev. J. nornabook, of I\lmolester, occuple I tile pit: whilst whilst the Rev. C. W. L C R ince:e, prea ;had at the e.vening servicei. Trid (iiAC 11l r.o I were powerful and rivetted the attention of the dtrge coq 'e. gations. Special hvmns and inuiic w"re render by the scholars of the Saadi), echools, and collections were made in aidlof the schools.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MILTON ROAD, P. 8.4,

At the meeting of the Mitton-road, Widnes, PS A. brotherhood, on Sunday, Mr. W. Ainsworth, presided, and also spoke upon the motto of the P.SA. " Brief, bright, and brothely," being attentively listened to by a large attendance. Miss Williams, Widnes rendered the solos " ,Ame un'o me" and " 0 rest in the Lord "in capital voice and was greatly appreciated. Tee R rv. Joshua Peller, Tranmere, was tho speaker for the al -er- noon, and a stirrinz d.sereirse tong 1.3 ou h lit Psalm. He spoke feelin2ly of the infi aence of companions and the desirability of hiving irrepr achable comradei to secure success in life. ST. LUKE'S CONGREGATIONAL CEILPEL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary services in aid of the Sunday Schools of the above chapel were held on Sunday last, through the kindness of triends at Betheada Wesleyan Chapel, at that place of worship, and proved suceessful. The special preacher was the 11.. y, J. D Thomas, of Bolton (formerly of Runcorn). The singing of the scholars at the services was a feature of merit, and re- flected creditably upon their musical training. Autunh ling at St. Likes Chapel in the afternoon, the Aar and their friends listened to an intereatinz !address from the lips of the 93M9 Minist9r. whosti remarks were ..rel received. The collections c Imp vet very fayeerahly with past years. ST. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION—RUNCORN BRANCH The local hon. S .cretary of the above branch use re- ceived the result of the examination held by Dr. M ac- Tennan, of Runcorn, on. May 26th, 13 candidates pre- sented themselves for re-examination and all were suc- cessful. Their names are as follows :—P.C. John Upton, W. Jonee,H. Moores, James Worrall, J. Mack, H. Marsh T. Hedgecock, J. Clare, F. Welch, B. Trevitt, W. Shaw, A. Woodward and Thomas Mather. 10 candidates pre- sented themselves for final examination and all satisfied the examiner :—E lward Ray, P.C. K ,ndrick, T. Ing,h- field, S. D. Matthews, James Edwards, H. Heath, Si Stubbs, G. Aston, E. Roberts, W. Horton, all the above have been trained under the tuition of Dr. McDougall.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDE 91 A WIDNES WOMAN.

On Monday at Widnes, Mr. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest on the body i of a woman named Lillian Evans,4B years of ago,residing n Bedford-strect,Widnes, who died on Saturday from the effects of having taking carbolic acid. The deceased went Out shopping, when she purchased a quantity of carbolic acid. On arriving home she immediately went upstairs, and was follovvd by her daughter, but the deceased had already taken the poison before her daughter could prevent her. Remedies were at once administered, but without offset. The de- ceased had suffered from a bad leg tor some time, and had often said she " wished the Lord would take her way."—The jury returned a verdict of " suicide whilst in unsound mind caused through suffering."

===== 0002601_18980624_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BEmNswicK Ssuoo-i Ssnmoxs.

The Managers- of the Brunswick Wesleyan Sands? School, have been fortunate in securing the services of the Rev. W. L. Watkinson,the President of the Wesleyan Conference for their 98th Anniversary which takes Place on Sunday next in S. Paul's Chureh. The efforts put forth bY the telehErs and others deserve the greatest possible success, and we hope large collections will be the result. The fame of Mr. Watkinson as preacher is world- wide, and these who remember his sermons when he last preached here, are looking forward to this visit with great eagerness. On Monday night the Rev. H. Howard May will deliver his popular lecture on tt Glass Houses and Looking Glasses."—Mr.May has made himself quite a reputation among the Wesleyans, and his lecture is sure to confirm the good opinion that has been formed. Mr. James Handley J.F., C.C., will preside at the lecture special feature of these anniversaries is the beautiful singing of the children, which this year is expected to Surpass all past efforts. FREE LIBRARY COMVITTEE. At the Council Chamber oa Tuesday evening Mr. David Bishrown presided over the usual monthly meet- ing of the Free Library Committee. There were also present : Messrs. Riley, Handles., Grine, and Posnett, with Mr. J. D. Jones (librarian).—The usual balance ,thept was produced.—The Librarian's statement showed that during the past month L 784 books hail been issued, being, 17 theology, 5 philosophy.s2 -c;ence,B7 history, 14 poetry, 1,370 fiction, and 2?.4 miscellaneous ; a decrease g period of la.st year. The of 183 ors the corresponding following gifts of books wPre received :—Prons the pub- lishers (Messrs. F. N Daa gal and Co.), " Dougal's In 'e ~ x Register of Next of Kin , 5 the Agent General tar Q land, Qaeensland Past and Present," by Thornhill Weedon ; ".The Family Churchman," from the pub. ushers ; and reports were also received from the usiidor, mentioned free libraries : kshtem-under-Lyne, Ratesea 13 )(Ale, Clapham, Earling, Gosport, Alvorston, HAnley Kingston-upon-Thames, Lincoln, Plymouth. Reading,St frfartin'P-in-the-Fields, London. To. thanks of the he donors of the 9 tvera) hooks. meeting were accorded t —The Librarian reported that rill annual conference of the Council of Free Libraries would be held in Southport this year, and after some discussion it was decided to send Mr. J. D. Jones to represent the Committee at the Conference, at the committees' exnense.—lr. Handley , remarked that as he would most likely be in S outhport during that week he would also attend at his own ex- pense.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
N BOYS BAMADE ANNUAL TRIP--A SMART TTJR etiT.

--- The boys brigade connected with the Wesleyan c.use In Runcorn, on Saturday had its annual trip. Going by canal to Preston Brooke, the hoca who numbered 151 rank and file with 13 ofli3er3, disembarked and marched in beautif3ll order to a field kindly placed at their dis- nosal by Mr. Bagoley, Stockholm. Having partakea of anise light refreshme at, the boys were puY through some well-executed man ce lyres by Sergeant Rushton. Than followed a round of snorts including, cricket, football, jumping tug.-ot- war, St-3., &!., and no pains were spared to keep the boys amused. Mrs. Baguley kindly provided tea for th 3 officers, and expressed the hope of seeing the brigade again next year, to which Captain Woodland replied, thanking Mrs. Baguley and her husband Mr. Baeuley (who was unavoidably absent). The boys who had been regaled with sandwiches. cake and milk. then , gave hearty eneers for Mr. and Mrs. Big,oley. The re- turn journey Vrie made in good time and Runcorn reached at about 10 p.m.—The Brizade was made up as follows :—No. 1, Camden Company, 39 rank and file, Captain Woodland and Lieutenant Gritfins; No. 2, Bruns- wick Company, 48, Captain Leach and Lieuts. Masser, Holt, and Sergeant Rushton ; No. 3, Nelson-street Corn- pane, 22, Captaia Marsh, and Lesuts. Lambert and 11.1twhes ; and Halton, No. 1 Company, 32, Captain ISmith,Lleutr. Dunvabin and Hankry. The refreshments were kindly provided by Messrs. Walter Collier, and I Thomas Lea.

TI-IE VERY LATEST DESIGNS and COLOURING-3 in Millinery, Dress Fabric,. Silks, Mollies, Smnshvies. Umbrellse &A.—IN:EMI:Ms:3, Sankey-toet.aal Lee-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEY&N CYCLE CLUB.

_ Owing to the weather being unfavourable on Satur- day the club did not go for its usual run. On Wednes- day, however,the destination of the club was Altrinchans and a fair number turned out for the event which was fully enjovei. The distance being about 40 miles there and back, not many of the lady members turned out.

STARVATION AT WIDNES. A.t inquest at Widnes, yesterday, revealed a shocking condition of home life. Catherine Mulligan. aged 55, died suddenly on Wednesday morning in a bou=e in North-street. The house was utterly without furniture, and the only beddiag, w.s a big of straw, upon which the deceased, her husband, and daughter, aged 22, had slept for three weeks. AU, C Instable Worsfold stated, were in a filthy condition. Tne deceased had had little food for days. A verdict of heart disease accelerated by starvation was returned.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL iIIsrRICT COUNCIL

The usual fortnightly meeting of the above C otmcil was held at the Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday. Mr. Woodward presiding :—Triere were also present Messrs. Admiral Parry, J.P , J. Mclntyre. J. Weir, J. Srokas, W. Pickering, W. Turner. J. Mauds'ev, J. Spruce, P Gleave, T. LOWi4, J. B. Chadwick, T. vVright, C. E. Linaker, J. M. Williams, E iwards, J, Kodki. T. Baxter, CC., E. Bretherron, T trlington,wich J. Ashton (clerk),and Nfr. G. Ashton (depury-clerk), Maws. W. Dig4le and J. Swinton(surveyors), and F. Farrington (nuisance inspec- tor).

===== 0002601_18980624_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY SEWERAGR.

At a meeting of r-,h-e-11—eisti-y—FaWiTi-Council held on the 20th of June, M. James Taylor presiding, the clerk read letters from Me.Bradtord witn reference to a scheme for the sewering of Helsby. Mr. Diggle explained the re- ault of his interview with Mr. 13-adford, and submitted rough plans and es,ima',es for the execution of the work amounting to 0,001 when " I wee resolved that the surveyor be intimated to complete the plans with the view to obtaining the approval of the Local Govern- ment Board thereto, and also their sanction to a loan for executing such of the plans as may at present be ab- solutely necessary." Mr. Linaker moved the adoption of the report, which was agreed to. WATER CFIARGES AND RATES. With reference to this matter the Local Government B )ard wrote stating that they had received the report o their inspector, Mr. Bard, after his recent inquiry iota , the aPOlicatian of Runcorn Rural Council for ihe iSSile of an order fixing general scales of charges for the suOetY of water to houses in the contributory places of Alvan- ley, Helsby and Sutton, The Beard were advised that a Percentage scale of charges had its advantages over ' detailed scales such as those submitted by the District Council in the present instance, and they therefore pro- posed to iasue an order determining the following charges :—Sutton 31. per week in respect of houses not exceading £lO per annum re.eahl,s value ; and £6 per cent. per annum in respect of houses above £lO, and not excAediog, £lOO per annum. Alv,nl,2y : 31. per week in respect of houses not exceeding £7 per annum and £l2l tier cent per annum in reswct or houses above £7, but not excerding £lOO. flelsbv : £lO per cent, per annum IC respect of houses above £7, but tint excte ling £lOO p,r annum rateable Valae. 'l"ne proposed charge in cne (I 4FICIof Relsby of twopence per week in respect of houses not exceedine £7 per anntrn valur) waild not he included in the order, as the Ws•rict Council were alreadv empowered under section 62 of the Public Health Act, 1875, to rruire a suPOIF nf water to be obtained at a cost not exceeding that amount.—No comment WAS ni ide„

WALTON ROAD STOCKTON HEATH. Me. R. pltts,clerk to the County Coune.il wrote stating that he submitted the Council's letter of the 8 h ine t, the Main Roads and Bridges Cmmmittee and instructions were given to the County SurvEyor to carry out the work sugges'ed therein viz., to substitut3 chequered tiles for the cobble stones on the above road. MR. JOHN MCINTYRE AND THE COUNTY MAGISTRACY. A letter was real from Mr. Wilford N. Lloyd ack- nowledging, on behalf of the Duke of Westminster the receipt of the petition from the Thancorn Rural Council which would receive consideration. COMPLAINT FROM Prunes:NH/au. A complaint was received from Mr. S. J. Woodcock (clerk to the Gaappenhall Parish Council) of the insani- tart state of the houses along Knutsford-road and of the Practice some of the inhabitants have of emptying, pails in the back gardens; and stating that the village w.ould ha lytter for a more frequent visit from the inspoctor. The Surveyor said he had inquired into the matter. and and there was no ground for comet lint that he know of. USELESS LAMPA AT APPLETON. -Mr. John Ellison. clerk to the Appleton Parish Coun- cil, forwarded a copy of the following resolution which had been passed by the Council :—" That the District Council be asked to discontinue the use of the street lamps above London Bridge in the parish of Appleton." Mr. E'lison stated that he was desired to call attention to the fact that the two lamps in Appleton were of no use to the great majority of the inhabitants of the parish, and now that the County Council had compelled all owners of conveyances to have lights attached after sun- set the Parish Council considered tat it was unfair to saddle the ratepayers with an exnenditure from which so few received henefit.—The matter was deferred.

ILLERSa OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER. Mrs. Adams wrote stating that Dr. Adams. the Cman ell's Medical Offieer,had been seriously ill since the 17th inst. We attendant, however. now said that he would soon be alright. Dr. Friend was in the meantime act- ing as his deputy. URBAN POWERS FOR SUTTON. The Local Government Board forwarded two copies of an order which they had ISRIIOI investing the Rural District Council with certain urban powers as regards the parish of Sutton. PRESTON-O'TII-BILL FOOTPATH. With regard to the repair of this fontnath, it was de- cided, after a lengthy discussion, that the report of tt;r. committee" that the road he repaired he the Council as thee were liable," he adopted.—Mr.Darlington.however, expre,ned the opinion that the Council would be best to leave it alone. THR LIGHTING OF WALTON INFERIOR. passed at the meeting of the Council held Mr. John VV,ir moved the filth wing resolution " That the resolution on the 10th day of May, that the parish of Walton In- ferior,be lighted With stre.t lamps he rescinded." Thee w did not want lamps in Walton they had done without them so far and ould do without them at all.—Mr. Edwards seconded.—The Chairman said that Mr. Wood- cock wsa upon the premises, and was backed up by his Parish Counoil.—lt was decided to receive Mr. Wald. cock.—Mr. Woodcock said that it was is unanimous feel- ing, in the district, and really there was only one person against the lighting in the whole parish. There was a great necessity for haying light there. Walton vras growing residental district, and the Parish Council had decided that the district be lighted. They could light the district with the co th -oneration ot e Distriec c at a cost of £2B, for which they would have 14 lamps. As a penny rate made £l7 they could do the lighting for a cost of rate. Ai an argument in favour of the lighting he would state that quite recently 28 houses had been built there. There was the. dig- also tacilities tieing given for further increasing the rat,. nis value, which had already been increaser' about 13 nor cent of Its whole; hut if thee did not light trict thee would loose those facilitiea. Further it would he an inducement to get the Appleton road The Chairman asked Was the opinion a Unanimous one, and Mr. Woodcock said it was, and further if the District Council would net agree to light the district g they would light it themselues. by adoptin the Lighting Ant, a course that would mean doable the cost.—Mr. *Mclntyre thoucht in that case the dis.rict council should stick to the original motion.—Mr. Weir said he had no objection to one lamp at the four crosa roada,but the district did not require lamna anywhere else.—Mr Linaller sunnorted the idea of upholding the decision of the Parish Conacil as the representatice of the ratepayers. And as it was the cheapest course.ainre they were deter- mined to light the parish, the District Council shoold support them.—Ultimately a vote was taken and Mr. Weir's motion was defeated hr 10 votes to 5 votes. THE LATCHFORD LOCKS QUESTION. Mr. Thomas Wright moved that the resolution passed " that the Clerk commence proceedings to cempel the Manchester Shin Canal Company to light the fontwar across the Latchford Locks be rescinded.—Mr. Linaker seennfled the resolution which was unanimouslY carried. TEE COMPLAINTS ABOUT " PICKED ST )NE."—S ATISFA C

VON. With reference tyi the fitlemkd entrnlairlt aninst Mr. Swinton in the matter of mina " piolred stones " for road metal, a moat satisfactory reply Wa TPCPnVPI from him. FIP said that stones were nnt refused find he used mein " far ag h. Possibly could, Nit as there were more etone e then het, •vae rccpired, possibly thee was a little bit of jealousy by those who were not first in the field.-oTher matters were dealt with, inclurling the matter of the allsyted encroac:iment at Norton, but the matter was left for further comideta,tion.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
CANON WOOD ON RELIGIOUS EDUCATION IN THE NATION.

On Sunday the annual sermons in aid of the funds of the Runcorn National Schools were preached in the Parish Church. In the morning the Rev. Canon Holing (vicar of Great Bailivorth), preached from the text, " What manner of child is this ?" He said that day they were asked to give liberally towards the support of the National Schools, hut though they were asked to do ' an he would not have them forget that there was a better way of supporting the cause, and that wag by annual Subscriptions : but, in whatever way they gave their support, they knew that they were supporting institu- tions that were doing real good.—ln the afternoon a fiewer service was held in the church and was well attended, when an appropriate address was delivered be the Rev. W. H. Stables. The floral offerings of the children were most liberal, and subsequently were dis. tributed amongst the sick of the town and district. The Rev. Cation Wood occupied this pulpit in the even- ing and delivered an address, placing the work of the Nttional Schools high in the place it shinld occapy 11l the cation. They were indebted to the voluntary system for the tone of Christianity that pervaded the nation. They might talk of haying the schools of the nation upon One common basis ; but ti,e result would be detrimental to the nation's morality and well-being. It was said by the opponents of the voluntary system that there were good religious teachers in the Board schools, and he seas pleased to learn that there were,. But to trace those teachers. They could be traced to the denominational schools and collcges where they had tecelved their edu- cational foundation—where they had had instilled in them the antigd principles that they possosseiMe traced them from infancy—lroca the g:tholl it the iiegui; and When they came on of college they—if they entered into the services sf the 8:hoot Board,gave their services conscientiously—they' could no: do other .vise—to teach the minds of those entrusted to them ,aiitia that know- ledge they themselves p.,sses;erl.Te;co aw ,v the voluntary system and it would only be a matter nt time before they would hays, no Sllch conscientions tetcherA at all. He commended the cause to their notic and concluded by giving some inter Wine; statist,cs in support of his remarks. The choir sang the anthem " The Lord iA K!1.17, " with their usual good taste. Liberal offertories were received a: all the services in aid of the echool funds.

CYCLTS, e 1 tev!m3.-3.I.IILVCD. tent Warrln!;;Con.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PARISII COUNCIL

TIE PROPOSED NEW ROAD FELON WESTON TO RUNCORN. At a meeting of the Weston Parish Council held at the Church el.ohools on Friday evening last week, pre,ided over by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, the qneetien of the proposed road from Weston to Runcorn was con. sidered.—Mr. J. Ball said the committee appointed at the last meeting met the representatives a the Urban District Council at Runcorn, and discussed their pro- posal with reference to the making of a road to Weston Point. The representatives or committee of the Urban Council pointed out that they were prepared to buy the land and make the road as far as the limit of the Runcorn boundary, which would leave the Weston township a length of about 400 yards to make. It was stated that the cost of making the Weston portion of the road would be £3OO. It was mentioned during the interview that the money could be borrowed at 24 per cent, and the repayment spread over a period of 30 years. This would mean an expenditure for Weston of £l6 per annum, or would be equal to a charge of a halfpenny in the £ on the rates.— Mr. Ball explained that the route proposed was down Percival-lane, through the railway arch, by Swieten's Farm, along a portion of Cock and Hen-lane, past the easterly side of the Salt Works, and along the front of Mr. Clark's cottages to the South-road, Weston Point. Mr. Ornie complained that the proposed road was not the best and most direct they could get. He sugeested that a nearer route wield be through Pickow Farm to Cock and Hen-lane, and straight through the Salt Works.—lt was observed that this route was aban- doned because of the difficulty in getting land.—Mr. Tudor asked whether anyone had ascertained if they could have the land to make the road marked red. Re thought they ought to be satisfied on this point before they proceeded further. He would move that a com- mittee be appointed to wait upon the owners and get to know definitely whether the land was available.—Mr. Orme seconded.—After some further discussion the motion was carried, and the following gentlemen were appointed as the committee. Messrs. Allen, Ball, and Tudor.—The suleject of the representation of Weaver Ward (Weston Point) was also oreached, and the criair- man said he had writtea to the Rev. D. S. Bowen, and Messrs.R. R.Clarke,and F. W.Clark,asking them to serve as representatives of the Weaver Ward, but they replied firmly declining to have anything to do with the matter. —On the motion of Mr. Sorn-rville it wis Unanimously I decided that -he clerk take step; for c Aline another Parish meeting so as to get the divisien properly repre- sented.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON FETE AND FAIIt.

A SUCCESSFUL VENTURE.

The Weston Fete and Fair was brought to a most successful issue on Thursday and Saturday last. Owing te the weather being unfavourable on the Saturday, however, some of the sports will be held over for a future date; and on Teursday for a like reason the Sale of Work was held in the schoal at Weston, where the Maypole dcnce and the action drill were repeated. As has already been reported the fee and fair was promoted with the object of raising the sum of .£20() in aid of the beautiful edi- fice, now knovva as the "Church of St. John the Evangelist," and of which a description was given in these pages upon the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone, and again upon its consecra- tioa by the Lord Bishop of Chester, and we heartily congratulate the promoters upon the success they attained. Through the untiring energy of the Rsv. W. R. Stables, M.A., who has been in charge of the church a; Weston for some time, the villagers may now rejoice in that they have a church of their own, and as his lordship the Bishop said upon the occasion he addressed its first congregation, " Really a most beautiful church." But to return to the Fate and Fair it was an unqualified success and accemplished its object.. Thanks to the amount of energy and enthusiasm infused into the undertaking, and the kind and generous support met with on all hands. Its object may be --aid to be fully attained. The first two days of the fête produced £125; while- on Saturday the amount rencherl about £l7B from all sources, and add to this the proceeds of the additional day, and the generous promise of Mr. Mather to make up the amount to the one required, if necessary, and we I see that the fullest expectations have been realised. On Saturday, notwithstanding the rain, a fair pro- gramme was gone through, including bicycle, sack, e 72 an spoon, water pail and other races, and tastefully played selections were contributed by the Weston Church Band. _ . _

_ . . Ta'sme, a teernspressive view of ths Fair and Fete, one Is struck he the arneent of orizinality and genius dis- played in the us ell:tree-1 ef se aseeein e and in resin a collection of features, all of which. if not novel in them, selves, were very attractively produced, and left; an ins. pression behind akin to a desire to see them again. They comprised a grand" action drill" exhibition of Ball tossing, dumb bells, scarf drill, Rimy dance, and fan drill, all of which items traede up the one perform- ance, which was admirably sustained by MiCSca V. Buxton, N. Percival, F. Cropper. L. Cropper,G. Ystes, J. Cis, P. Johnson, D. Boyers, F. Garner, W. Ellis, S. Buckley, A. Woodward, and A. Walker, who were in- structed in their several parts by Misses A. Tonks and Goodall. That always interesting dance " The May- pelf. " danc s, was a feature worthy of more teen passing note, and proved instructive as well AR eye pleasing, The Mar pole dancers were:—Masters G Garner, F Ford, .T Flied, A. Jones, G Tudor, J Broikee, S Nield, A Gavter, W Oldfield, R Talbot. leliscee B Ruebotham, S Padbury, A. Hind, L Hind, M B ankes,L Bu,bridgo, M Richsrdeon, D Antrobus, F Taylor, E Freese, T Preece, 8 Nield. In- , struetors of May pole dancsre, Mica D Hind, Miss G . B snkee, Miss H Aaron. The grand brooms-Stick cricket metch,Ladies v Gentlemen was composed of the follow- ing teams :—Ladiee : Mrs Kay. the Misses M Smith. Fe Bankes, D Bankee, A Warner, N Johnsen, N Lea, E Gregory, T Wiswall, F Timmins, P Timmins. Gentle- men : Ds Willi-t, Messrs Anderson, It Ashton, R Had- field, J Pritchard, Preston, C Bond, J Pickton,A Pickton, C Linaker (cantain), W Linaker ; ump'res. Miss Tim- mins,and Mr R Richardson; whilst the following took part in the comic football match. Weston v the "Sons of laughter "—Weston team : Messrs C Williams (captain), J WellPsOn. 8 Bankes, Sidney Bankee,G Daviss,J Aaron, 3 Aspey. W Tudor, P Willieme, R Fryer. G Fryer. The " Sons of Laughter ": The comes team,Messrs F Aehton. Anderson. W Dyer, 8 Fall. A Grounds, R Hadfield (captain), J E Le Mesurier, F Leardit, S Miles. H Smith, B Timmins, J Wiswall. Both items evoked roar; of laughter. The way the ladies tuoked-up their sleeves preparatory to making " feu? hits "was captivating; whilst the gentlemen ciit capital ii eisys " with their broome-seicke if they could not cut to the boundary. Of the comic football match, well, to have seen it made one laugh,but to look back at itlmakes one roar, is enjoyably funny was it. The characters in the Being game of chess were sustained by :—Blne : Pawne—Master K Irnison. Miss H Water- Worth, Master G Kay, Miss K Johnson, Master T Weston Miss I de Kerte, Maser P Msredith, Miss W Sutton ; Rooks—Master P. Johnson, Master P Miles ; Knights— I Master P Imison. Master L Meredith ; Bishops—Master T Williamson, Master J Clarke; King—Master M Buck- , Icy: Qeeen—Miss B Mellor ; Queen's Train Bearers—Miss Nora Jones, Miss Flo Hamilton. Pink : Pawns—Master T. Price, Miss N Price, Master li Jones, Mifie J Le,a.Mas- ter M Miles. Miss J Waterworth, Master R. Price, Miss F Price ; Rooks—Master Percy Hideo, Master W Mayhew ; Knights—Master J Imisois, Master H Waterworth ; Bishops—Master F Sherlock, Master B Gibbs ; King— Master H Price ; Queen—Miss E Miles ; Queen's Train Bearers—Miss Melville Weston, Miss Dorothy O'Kell, instructed by—Alhesee Pierpoint, Breakspere, Jeties, Bate end Cerr ; Master of Ceremonies—Mr Joseph Pritchard. This was a masterpiece and cannot be to highly commented upon, the action. precision, and get up of the whole being exceedingly fascinating. The Sale of Work contributed A fair share to the suc• cees, and those indefatigable workers who attended to the arduous and onerous posts connected with it,deserve a fitting share in the credit. Subjoined is the list of etallholders :—Runcorn stall. Mrs Maitland Wood, Mrs Abel, Mrs Sutton ; Weston No. 1, Mrs T Ford, Mrs Carl- 'en, Mrs Joseph Tudor, assisted by members of the Ladies' Sewing Meeting ; Weston No .2, Miss Pierpoint, Miss tiiiinnerav ; flower stall, Miss A.. N. Other ; toy stall, Miss A N Other ; sweets stall, Miss Nelly Jehuson, r Miss Gregory, Miss Wiewall, Miss Barbara Johnson ; choir boys stall, Masters Gowen Freer, Edwin HOWP, Fred Howard, Arthur Moores, Fred Fryer, Harry Mill- ward ;jumble stall. Mrs S Molvneux, Mrs Dutton, Mrs Fryer. Mrs Griffith,, Mrs Burbridge, Mrs Morris, and Mrs Best ; farm produce stall, Mrs Bignall, Mrs Moly- neux, Mrs Jones, Mrs Nield ; ice cream stall, Mrs Kay, , Miss Smith ; refreshment stall, Mrs Wale, assisted by i Mrs Moores, Miss L Moores, Mr G H Wale, Mr W Dar- I linear' ; Girls' Bible Class tea tent, Miss F.; Basnett (secretary), Mrs Markham, Miss Tudor, Miss M Price, Miss L Dutton, Mies M T:asnett, Miss J Besnett, Miss A Jones, Miss J Hummer, Miss J Griffith% Miss Owen, Miss F Pendleborr, Miss F Aspey, Miss S J Molyneux, Mica N Liehtfoot, Mies F Oldfield, Miss S Burbridge, Miss AI Moores, and MiFS B Williams. The officers+ who did so much to carry out the sportS, in so successful a manner, deserve the highest praise. and that such a band of workers could be so enthusiastic is not surprieine when we take a glance at their nemee, &upended :—Chairman, Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, M.A.; trees rer, Mr. A G Guest; secretary, Rev W H Ssablee, M A; Resistant secretaries,Rev. W Scholes, M A, (Living Chess), Rev. E Oliver, 13 A, end Mr. R Timmins 1 (eoncert, football and cricket); Mr. Edgar L.a, and Mr. Walter Tudor (comic sports); Mr. Rechard Fryer, and Mr. George Palmer, and Mr. Charles Williams (tickets. ground, tPIISo et.,); secretaries' messenger, Masters a Davje.9. L Tudor, I N Rogers, j Ruebottom, R Padbury ; stewares :—Mesyrs.. Joseph Banker. eenier, W Bankes, Joseph Ranis,es, junior. J Bamber, T Dutton, J Farrell, J Lightfoote Vl, Mores, 'I Fen% jeviereP Ford,R Paehury, T Taylor. W Mitcheson, D Conolly, W Aaron, H Best, junior, W Davies, li ~ : +I -. —entleY, James Ford, jenior,Joreph Dixon, JoEi2P- vYzes, J Sutton, J Whitney,T Burbridge,

James Farrell, James Lightfoot, Joseph Lightfoot. S Woods, J. Hough, W OdfikJ, J Aaron, J3sop a Tudor. The Committee desire to record their than to all those kind friends who did so much to make the Fi7,e the SUCCUS it was.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN. .BOA RD OF GU A. RDIANS.

Mr. J. Mosley Williams presided Over tha usual monthly meeting of the above Board held en Tuesday last at the Dutton Workhouse There were also Present : —Messrs. J. Meadowerott, S. Yarwend, the members of the Rural District Council, with Mr. James A.stiton (clerk), and Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18980624_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORSE AND INDUSTRIAL TRAINER.

--- The Local Government Baird wrote enclosing copy of testimonial of general character from the Chester Union, relative to the appoirament ol Miss Mary D. Housley as nurse at the Runcorn Workhouse. A reply was re- ceived in the matter of the pr,,mosed increase of the industrial trainer's salary front £25 to £3O, asking that the Board be given more information .on the matter before they would decide, as to the reason for the pro- posed increase,especiaily having regard to the short time he had been engaged in their services.--The Chairman said Mr. Norman had done so on the ground of it being beer money.—lt WAS decided that LEE Clerk supply the in! ermation. TNE GUARDIANS AND TUE VACCINATION BILL.

The Clark read the following letters in acknowledge- ment of the resolotAort passel by the Bard at the last meeting rs the Vaccination Bill no P 7 passing through Parliament :—June 15:11, 1898.—Dear Mr. Ashton, I will give due attention to ttle points rs Vaiicination Bill mentioned in your letter, but I shmici be sorry to see the Bill defeated, bacause I feel that at any rate it is a great improvement on existing regulatioas.—Yours truly, Henry Tollemache.-9, Ennisolore Gardens. S.W., June lOh, Is9B.—Dar ;ohn Brunner desires me to acknowledge the receipt of a espy ot the resolution adopted by the Runcorn Guirdians.—Yours faithfully, J. S. Hammond. Tee Chairman eaid he failed to 831 whore Tolle- ' macho could see the good in the Bill that was going through Parliarnen: ; but he supposed that Mr. Tolle- mache was a memter of Parliamstit and ought to know all about it.—Nothing further transpired.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
TIE NEW SOLED ROM.

A.lnsirat Parry reported that the b iLdifl committee, had met and takaa the question of the furniahing and decorating of the Board roam into coesideratiou.—ne Clerk gave a report of the cominittee. As far as be re- membered it was decided to adopt the same kind of furniture as the Rune orn Urban D.strict Council,by bay. log a table of a horse shoe shape, with tables for the managers and reporters, awl els to have the room decorated. The architect to draw up specifications and tenders to be advertised for according to those speoifica- tions.—Mr. Norman said be agreed with all that aid been said save with regard to the decorations and as far as he remembers lit was thought best to have the ideas of a proper decorator and get the work done in a easy way.— Mr. Linaker said that he considered the Board was moving too rapidly, they should see whether the walls were sufficient!y dry. They were not going to spend a fortune on the room and he proposed that the wood work receive two coats of paint.—after some further discus- sion with regard to the utilising of the furniture that was at present in the Board room, Mr. Mclntyre pro. posed that as far as possible the present furniture be utilised with such editions for the surveyors and re- porters as could be conveniently made. Against this Mr. Woodward proposed that the original proposal to adopt the Runcorn principal of a horse shoe table be adhered to, and that estimates for the furnishing of the room on that style and in the manner planned out by Mr. Davies, the architect, be advertised for. The Board not binding themselves to anything but the procuring of estimates.—Eventually 7 votcd f r Mr. Mclntyre's no- tion and 15 for the original proposition.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FINI.NC IC

Tile financial stat,,..morit guomitted Pillared that £35 wag required for Runcorn D.r.rict ; £23 for Baiworth ; and £23 for Frodsham, for relief. foe rep.)rt was adopted. DUTTON SCHODL DJIRD AND TWA WOSLEIV)7.3Ii CUILD2IOI.

Toe Muter having made a statement with regard to the number of children left in till house, Mr. Linaker said that taking the matter in its in)st ev.i irables man- ner it would make a difference of anout £25 or Q3O in the rates of Dutton.—!r. Norman said thst tho visitiaZ committee had taken the question into consideration but found that the nurnber of enildren that mi,gat he seat to school was a, small that they had de3i•lod to leave the matter over until there should be more of them.

IgDIJSTRiAL TR&INRR FJR TEES GIRLS.

Mr. Thomas Wright proposed the appointment of Miss Swain as industrial trainer for the girls. a a salary of £3o.—Mr. Woodward seconded.—Mr. Meadowcroft pointed out that ag there were only about 6 giris to be left in the house they would paying the industrial trainer at the rats of £lO per head.—The Master e,cplaioed t 4 it the fewr girls tne indus%ii at crsiner bad u.ider her care the more work she would have herself, and explained tile icidustrial trainer's duty.—The motion was carried.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SHANDRY ACCOMMODATION._

Mr. Ihrlington asked that the B mrd take into con- sideration the vestion of provilin ! some accommoda- tion for sheltering the traps of the gtradians. He would with permission bring the mitter u bet ore the next Board.

RUNCORN UNION. FURNHHING OF Tile BOARD ROOM at the WORK rIOUSE, DUTTON.— The QUARDIANS INVITIi TIIND &RS for new Board- room Tables and Chairs at the Workh3use, btatton, in accordance with designs to be seen at the Ofii,e of Mr. Samuel Davies, Architect, Runcorn. on and after TORSO AY, the 28th inst., between the flours of 10 and 12 o'clock in the forenoon. Sealed tenders endorsed " Tender for Furnishing the Board Room • to be delivered at my Office not later than Aonday, the 4th day of July, 1893. The Board do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. _ _

_ By Order. JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn, 22nd June, 1898.

BY MR. ROBERT LOWE.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD LAND, LA:ft:ljP(llW, WARRINGTON. TO BB SOLD BY AUCTION BY

R. ROB PIRT LOWE a'. the BLIT@ BELL INN, ,LYI, WARRINGTON, on WEDNH3DAY the 13th day of JULY, 1893. At four for five o'clock p.m. precise,y, subject to conditions to be then produced. ALL THAT FHB ti HOLD FIHLD containing 5 acres 1 rood 8 perches or thereabouts situate betweea Knutsford-road and Thelwall-road in Litchford in the County of Chester and ad- joining the London and North-Western Railway there TO- GHTHHH with the benefit of an Agreement with the adjoin- ing owners on the westerly side for the construction of a road of 40 feet wide. The land is in the onupition of lir. Thomas Hewitt as tenant. It is admirably suited for building having consider- able frontages to Thelwall-road, and to the proposed new road , of 40 feet wide, with an entrance from Kuutsfmd-roari, and the whole of the land may be readily adapted and laid out at one. GM water, and sewers, are in close proximity. Farther particulars may be obtained from, and plans ma 7 be seen on application to the AUCTIONNE N. No. 1, Bank- street. Warrington. Messrs. WILLIAM AND SHGAR OWHN, Cairo-street Chambers, Warrin ;ton, or from GRESNALL AND BUCKTON. Solicitors, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BO WLI.N G.

HAYDOCIC V. PLATT BRIDGE.—The Ve.UM fixture be.. tween these clubs was played at Platt Bridge on Satur- day. Ihe game was of an exciting character, Platt Bridge winning by 28 points. At the conclusion of the game,the players sat down to a knife and fork tea which they thoroughly enjoyed. Scores : PLATT B RIDG

HAYDJQIC.

3 Ben Twi-s-t---- l5 G Critehley ... ' 11 T Davies Dr. Bentham G Butonwood l5 I. Stirrop 8 J. Cronshaw .................... . 15 J Marsh . 11 B Hall ........................ .. 15 5 Plant 4 3 Benson .... ................... 12 B Bond l5 W West ........................... 13 G Piniblet l5 It Harrison 15 James Hill li Snorroek James Atherton l5 It Whittle lO A Crooks 6 T Boarchnen B Harrison a 15 A Smethurst James Derbyshire l4 15 J s.lillinAton it Crooks W Derbyshire 15 Joseph Livesley 1) Robin 15 J Davies son 5 P Taylor ' l5 Jooeph Hill 15 T Berry l4 C Derbyshire 15 DI Green

Total Platt Brlclge 258 Hayclock 230

ifsjority for Platt Bridge 2d

DROWNIN MYSTERY NEAR WIDNES. Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Backburne Arms, Ditton, on Thursday slowing, ob. the body of an unknown male child, which was round in Ditto° Brook, on Tuesday evening.—J." blacksmith's labourer, deposed that he was standing on the railway bridge at a quarter past eight oil Tuesday evening, when he SAW the body floating in the brook. He went down, and got it me: It was wrapp,d in n cloth, the feet alone being exposed. Sergeant Twenty. man said that when he received the body at IMton Police Station it was dressed in a flannelette nightdrc.ss, linen shirt, and a portion of an old cliernie. —Hr. Hutchinson made a post-mortem. examination of s toe body. He found it to be s well-nourished male child about two months old, weighing' rhere were 6Tarkosnotfhyeioulpepnecr m e aornt. r he ,be tom bodys, light atara- ,„ excepting a was ornp:y. ma cause ot death was drowning, and in his op nion the child was alive when put in the VALET.— rile jury re- turned an open verdict.

_ uw_sg.t = Drecl CITILI 1:4 For .Iterxtionso vftry —B. COOK Vitnencturir% Furrier, 21, 1-I:...nsh,treet, r, roaol. 1. nbaeigd 24 yearA.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• '341 • I t t.?•,

===== 0002601_18980624_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
.1 II .i ti li rill' t I i nil t ti ' 11% ), 1 f , , i li { i : I i H , 1 1' • ' .i AI ‘44 , li • ,tz , -I I.l\ 1 1 II 1 1 1 t 1' t 1 t 1 1 it i "t 1 t 10 , 0 1 -'4 1 , i 111 , 1 II , I l' , , ~ ill • 1 111 ' I ie...., 11 ' 1 1 2r I J 1 i 1 ~I 1 /Ili J t i I i 41 ,I 1 " g 4 1 t.l t I 1 I . i I I I .. 1 1 I i 1 { 1 I it A 1 i ' 11 1 11 I 1 1 1,, .. t 1 . 1 1 I ' I . [I I 1 1 1 1 I ! I 1 I 1 1 I. . I i I I li 11l $ ' , , , i 1 , 1 1 ‘ 1 1 1 1 I ' !* ,

===== 0002601_18980624_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIERE • IS ONLY ONE.

There is only on- "First" in a race, and it is acknow- ledged ,eithout doubt that GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, The Vegetable Tonic, is The Best Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Low Spirits, rid Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or use been weakened by cliease,and therefore more liable to colds and theit attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists and pro- motes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifi-s the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it removes all im- purities and obstructiona from the human body, and gives tone to the whole system. Gcoilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of Sirsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- dock, Lavender, and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, from the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who bieathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. People that suffer from brain fag and sleeplessness, who feel " out of sorts " and "run down" find rapid and permanent relief from the use of Gwilyna Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties continually at their furthest stretch, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder 13 it that this extreme tension leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked toilers require an extra sustenance for body and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation-Ist, used by medical profession; 2nd a purely vegetable com- pound ; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; sth, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the isublic,but they may be classified uneler two heads :—The Best and The Rest. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS IS TELE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the rnme '• Gwilym E7ans "on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 23. 9.1. and 4s. 61., or in cases containing three 43. 61. bottles at 123. 65. per case. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it the Proprietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Litnited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITIERS. OWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

AGGRAVATED ASSAULT ON A WM.-A SEPARATION

ORDHR GRANTED.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday, before the Mayor and other magistrates. a labourer at Daltem Forge named John Smith, of 28, Hoyle-street was charged with assaulting and beating his wife on the 14th of June.—Be pleaded guilty.—Mr. Unswerth,solici- tor, who represented the complainant stated that the parties had been married for over 20 years. Latterly he had given way to habits of intemperance, and had commenced beating his wife. The beating commenced last summer, and so late as March last to beat her severely and continued drinking for about two months at a spell. On Tuesday last he struck her on the side of the head. She ran out into the lobby and he followed her and struck her there' He afterwards went into the kitchen and threatened to throttle her. He had also threatened to throw a lighted lamp at h-r, and she was in bodily fear of him. There were five children, and the complainant asked for a separation order of 7s. 61. a week. She would keep the children.—The Clerk said that before the magistrates granted a separation order there must be evidence of an aggravated assault.—The complainant was then called and stated that her husband struek her on the face and also on the body. She had scarcely slept since in conse- quence. He gave her three knocks on the back of the head. She also spoke of previous amaults by the de- , fendant.—He had now been drinking continually for three months.—Evidence in corroboration of the as4ault was given by Mary Ann Healey, Lilford-street.—The de- fendant when asked to speak in his own defence said he did not want to say anythiog. The magistrates could do what they liked.—The Mayor said it was a very painful case. It was a great pity that the defendant had given way to drink. The magistrates had decided to commit him to prison for one month with hard labour, and would grant a separation order, allowing 7s. per week.

t.

I

,

t ft

MON& ROWDTISM AT TOWN'S .END.

On Monday before Alderman Harrison and other magistrates at the Warrington Borough Police Court, Margaret Flanagan, 4, Silver-square; Mary Griffiths,62, Oliver-street; and Sarah Hardman, 15, Silver-street,were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Silver-street on the 12'h inst. Police constable Bap said he was on duty in Winwick-street when he received a complaint of a disturbance in Silyer-square. He went there and saw about 200 people, in the midst of whom were the three defendants, who were fighting. He rut them into their respective houses, and told thvn they would be reported. At the time of the dis- turbance the people were cemine out of an adjoining place ef worship.—The Chief Constable said rows were going en the whole of the day, and pelicemen were con- tinually going there on account of the conduct of these women.—Defendant Flanagan said that Jane Johnson (a woman previously charged with another offance) was not in the row.—Alciermen Harrison said defendant had no right to instruct anyone as to his duty. She would have to be put down . Defendant; Whatever the Lord sends I n ill take as a gift.- -The Chief Constable said Flanagan had been before the Court on 20 occasions. The other women were now making their first appearance.—Flanagan was alai charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Silver- square on the 10th of June, and thecae having been proved she was fined 104. feed costs.—For committing a breach of the peace the three women were bound over o keep the peace for six months, and were ordered to pay tbe cost.—While being removed to the cells Flan- agan behaved very violently. As she was being re- moved from the dock she shouted at the top of her voice, and said she was sorry the grand old man had left that corner (indicating the seat of the Chief Con- stable). There was justice then, but there was no justice now. They could give her another seven days. She had been before the Beach 20 times but had never said a wrong word. Samuel Hunt did give justice ta the widows and orphans for 30 years, but there was no justice now. Defendant continued shontine until she was out of hearing.—The Chief Constable : She is drunk now. THEFT OF WATER EfF.N'S EGGS FROM THE PARK. A nov.rone years of are, named George Barton, living with his parents at 42, Nicholson-street, was brought be- fore the Warrington Borough Bench on Monday morning charged with stealing from Bank Park on the 13th Jnne, seven water hen's eggs. He pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said the information was laid under the park bylaws. It appeared that in the ornamental water in the park there were geese water hen., which were intro- duced by the Town Clerk. On the night of the 13th June the park-keeper saw a hen's neat in which there were seven eggs. The following morning it was found that the :wee had been stolen. Thenarvlrevepsetrr and thing occurred. A woman came to the park-keeper gave him five water hen's eggs, stating that she had found them in the possession of her boy. It was at once theught teat these were the eggs which bed been stolen. Information was given to the police but as a result of inquiries it was found that these were not the eggs which had been stolen. They were Pgqg which had been taken at Strettnn on the previous day, and had been given to this boy by some others. It was, therefore, proved that he was not the culprit. The Town Clerk had a nlacard printed offerine £2 reward for in- formation which would lead to information respecting the person who had committed the theft. The result wee that Mr. Barton, the father of the defendant, wrote a letter to the authorities at Vie Town gall, stating that his boy had taken tha eggs. Be.of enurse,was not sok- ing the rewarg in giving the information. He (the Chief Constable)was asked by the Town Clerk not to press the case.—Mr. Barton said be knew nothing about the affair until Tuesday. His wife told him, and after he had seen the boy he wrote the authoritiss.—Mr. Talbot said the lad had made a statement to the effect that on Sunday afternoon he, with several other boys, went into the Park, and he was shown the rest and eggs. On Mondey be went with two others and took the eggs. They shared the eggs amongst them. They afterwards smashed them by throwing them against thewall.—Defeudant was fined in the costs, 31. 61.—Councillor Shaw Green thought the result of the ease should he made public, In the game manner as the railway companies published the cenvnne obtained in their cases. ANOTIVES BATCH OP LODOTWO HOUSES CASES. At the Warringtnn Borough Police Court on Monday, before Alderman Harrison (chairman) and other magis- trates, John Forster, 17, Antrobweetreer, was sum- moned for keeping a lodging-hew:a which had not been registered„—lnspecter Powell said the house was occu- pied by eight people, and was only adapted for four. In- spector Norman said there had been lately employed lodgershatch a y boft these cases. A large number of workmen in as rkTen Winwick Asylum were being taken t People in that part of threwn, A fine of 51, was im- T"'"ed•—James Davidson, 13, Wakefield-street, was sem- moned for a similar offence. Inspector Pewell said there ~were 13 in the house, whirl) was only adapted for nine. ensPectee Norman said the house was in a very filthy I conditien. The nennie.. were nee, fit to keep lodgers.—Mr.

11/0 IRDS. Alll II ALS--AND—FIS II STUFFED. AND LI mounted in Glass Cases an design. DOBBS Mounted, also for le d 14° Hand . Mr 4ade 1 in reign HEADS and Screens or Vim sa Screen., Dente in British and Fu Birds and Animals' Skim+. Butterflies, Biris' Ems. Glass shades. Stafze Beads. Cabinets. Store Boxes. Nets and all requisites for Butterfly 'ma Rgg enneCtAITS —H. C()°.Naturalist and Furrier,l 21, Established 24:y Rer„haw ears. - street, Liserpool

Birchall : This is the way disease begins. It is a serious matter for the community.—lnspector Norman pressed for a conviction.—The Chairman said the case was a had one, and defendant would be fined 5. and c3sts.—Jonn Brayshaw.ll, Wakefield-street. was similarly summoned. Inspector Norman said there were twelve petple in the house, which was only adapted for nine, and the place was in a very filthy condition.—Defendant's wife said the people were not lodzers ; she only took them in for charity.—lnspector Norman said it was no charity to take people into a plac like that.—& fine of Ts. 63. was imposed.—Richard ',awe, 3, vVakefirdd-street, was fined in the costs. 33. 61.,f0r having more lodgers in his house than the number sanctioned by the bylawg.—larTector Powell said the house was registered for 8 parsoal, but he found it occupied by B.—lnspector Norman did not press this case. ASSA.IILT OF L POLICEMAN.—EIRAVY FINS.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday morning before Mr. Robert Garnett (in the chair) and Mr.Toomas Birchall, Thomas Grady, of Wharf-street was charged with assaulting P.C. Carter in Msrsey-strest at 12.30 on Monday atternoon.—James Grady, of 3, Smith-street, was charged with obstructing the officer in question in the execution of his duty. The former pleaded guilty and the latter not guilty.—P.C. Carter said that about dinner time on Menday he saw a crowd at Bridge-foot. The two prisoners had been fig,hting and he followed them up. Thomas Grady struck him in the face without provocation. James Grady got hold of him by the right arm and pulled him away. Witness got the assistance of a bystander Mr. Russell and they were taken to the Police Station.— Jchn Edward Leach, working at the Gas Works, cor- roborated. Be malted the officer.—Mr. Hassell. cab proprietor, said be was in Mersey.st., and saw Thomas Grady strike the constable. Witness took hold of the prisoner James Grady, who was quiet. He saw the constable and the other prisoner on the ground.—The Chief Constable said it was lames Grady's 7th appear- ance and Thomas Grady's 4h appearance.—The Chair- man : The Court is very mach obliged for the assist- ancn rendered by these two witsesses.—Mr. Birchen : Yes, it is very brave of them. The Chairman : We mean to help, as far as we are able, the officers of the law in the execution of their duty, and I do think this assault is a most aggravated one. The Bsnch fined Thomas Grady £5 and costs or in default six weeks' imprisonment with hard labour, and James Grady 103. and costs or 14 days.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
{ !

MIN OR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROThill POLICE coußr.

...... FRlDA.Y.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Alderman Roberts, Councillor Smethurst. Or. Gornall. and. Mr. Hepberd. EXTENSION os TIME.—Mrs. Kiernan. manageress of the Patten Arms Hotel. made an application for an extension of time for 1 hours on Sunday evening next. —The Chief Con- stable stated that on Blind sy Mr. Dillon, M.P., would address a meeting at Warrington. and would not get away until 11.30 the same evening. Mrs. Kiernan applied for the exten- sion in order that his friends might remain with him until his train departed.—The magistrates granted the extension asked for, and the hotel will therefore remain open until 11.31 p.m. A CASE OP CRUELTY TO CHILDREN WITHDRAWN.—John O'Neil and Mary O'Neil were again brought before the magistrates on a charge a cruelty to their children. —lnspector McAteer stated that on the 22nd of April the defendants were charged with neglecting five of their children. The magistrates thought it judicious to adjo tm the case. He was very pleased to tell them that on visiting the house since the adjournment the home was comfortable and everything was satisfactory. He was therefore requested by the society to ask the magistrates to withdraw the charge on condition that the defendants promised to look after their children in future. Ho had Seen asked to keep the house under supervision for twelve month.—Mr. Taylor. P. 0.62., said he had visited the housse. and found everything setts- factory.—The Mayor thought the Inspector had taken a very proper course, and he lived the improvement in the defend- ants' home would continue.—The case [was then withdrawn. TROUBLE THROUGH KEEPING LODGER-S.—Edward Savage, 5, Antrobus-street, was charged with keeping lodgers with- out the house being registered on the 10th June.—inspector Powell stated that when he visited the house on the data named he found it occupied by a fami y of nine, and in ad- dition three lodgers.—The Mayor Why these houses ace Only very small ones ?—inspector Powell : The house is only adapted for six persons. and it was occupied by twelve. —lnspector Norman said a fortnight ago six persons were summoned for a similar offence from the same locality. The defendant'swife knew very well that she could not be al- lowed to keep lodgers in such a small house. There was plenty of accommodation for 10.44 re if they would go to the , proper places. Be asked the inagistrates to assist the Health Committee in suppressing this over- crowding —The defend snt's Wits said the persons lodging in the , house were relatives.—The Mayor : The house is not fit for more than six persons at the outside. —lnspector Norman : There is only 2,40 d cubic feet of space in the whole house—Alderman itoberts : Have these lodgers gone - The defendant's wife they have got a house now.—The magistrates imposed a fine of 5s including costs, and the Mayor told the defendant's wife that she must distinctly understand that she could nst keep lodgers in that house.—Bridget McEvoy was charged with an offence under a different section of the Lodging House Act, with not separating the sexes as respired by the Act.—lnspector Powell gave evidence as to vis.ting the hones which was a registered common lodging house at 20. Ship Yard.—One of the sleeping rooms was not partitioned off. The magistrates imposed a fine of 103. and costs, or in default 14 days mprisonment. MoNDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (la the chair), Wider- man Blacklaurst.. s;ouncil:ors shave Greets and amethurst. . , •

_ and Metiers. Birch%ll and Wright. DRUXICENNESS.—PatrIek H.tiDAM. 10. Friare'-gretn. and Helen White. of no settled ab ale, were eh trgel with hevimg ben drunk, the former in lr.arn-street on .7aciirday. and the I ttter In iler3ev-street ow the same night. Bith were cau- tioned and disci) trod. —.Nue Johnsen, 9, Stivir-equare, who made her 62n1 appear.ince. 11,43 fined 10e and code for having been drun's and d:eorderly to ailier-sq care on the 10th Jane.

Menlr. —l32f ve Mr. Rohe,t Chrta?tt (in 03 ch.ttr) and Ur

Thom:s Birehalf.

DRUNK AND DlSOROKRLY.—Wilthrtaythots. of 133 Sharp- street. was eh trged with haven been drunk and disorderey In St. James'-stirret on Stoats er at ataxy; 1.15 The evieterfea Wa3 that he Was both drun'c and disorderey and 'lcing o. scene language. The cernstahle was oh egad to lock him up. Defendant said he was having a did k in Mersey-street when a man began to pall him about —The Chief Constable said this was his 24th appearance —The Bench fined him ss. and costs or seven days.

WSDNE:DIY.—BeCire M. John Fa;relo igh (in the and Masers. Geddes and .tilnsUll.

MAINTENANCE CAM—George Woodbine was charged with running away from toe borough on tie End June, Is ,ving his wife and two children abergeable to the Unton.—idr. B. Stearer who prosecuted for the Union authorities Bald dc. tendent had been married to his wife about four years. They come from St. Helens to Warrington. He worked at Cros• field and Sons for some time and was earning good money. Defendants wife absolutely refused to return to him if he was wiiiing.—The Chsirman : What have you to say? —De- fendant I wet from here looking for work and told my wife that I was going. I went to Openshaw and got a job there. It did not last long. I came hick to Warrington and was told my wife was in the workhouse, which I had not previously known.—lr. Shearer You had a good job at Crosfielda with good money.—The Chairman : How was It you left there ?-54r Sheerer : It was through drink.—Defendant Well it was partly my wife's fault partly and my own.—The bench committed him to prison for 14 days hard labour. A VIOLENT FELLOW.—William Drury, shopkeeper, Mer- sey-street, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly at half-past seven on IMOndw night in illerseyrs:reot. P.C. Barnett said fro:n information received he went into Mersey- street on the day In question. He found the prisoner stand- login the door way with a clergyman. ile had been thresh- ing his chilikasn and the clergyman had rushed in and emelt him by the throat. Prisoner took hie coat off to fight witness. He acted like a marlin in. The Chief Constable : The whole place was roused. I never saw a man in such a state of drunkenness before.—The magistrates tined him 51 and costs or seven days. A SOLDlftlieS 118CIPLDS —Chsrles Ileswaad. Militia man. Orford Barrecks.was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Winwiokatreet at five tninutes past one on Tuesday night. Sergeant Smith said he saw the defsndant in company with five other soldiers. The others were sober. They all went into the urinal, and endeavoured to make as much noise as they contd.—The Chairman: There are people in bed at one o'clock In the morning, who don't want the streets in an uproar. You ought to aid the p slice rather than create disturbances.—The Chief Constable: 1 tarn pleaseri to say that generally soldiers are very "'Mint to help the ofldscrs. De- fendant was tined be and costs or seven days.

RUNCORN PEW/ SESSIONi. FRlDAT.—Before Messrs. A. B. Normsn. and W. Timmins. REMSNDlin.—Flarry ChArles MOlyrieox, Cheshire-lane, Weston, was brought up in custody charged with using ob- scene and profane language. at Wrstoo. on the 16th of June, and alto with assaulting e.C. Morris whilst in the execution of his duty —Superiotengont Okel con:tante 1 the 04Se far the police,and .tr. Josepts Barton, solicitor. appeared for the defendsilt.—Vormal evidence was given by P.O. Morris of the alleged offeneess,to Which the pria ,nur pie .dad not guilty. —Mr.Burton applied for a remind until Monday. as he had only recently besin instructed In the matter.— The remsnd was granted. awl bail allowed. the prisoner in 210 and two sureties of £5.

MONDAr.—B..)fore Sies;!..3..p. Spellman (In the chair) and

===== 0002601_18980624_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Norman.

A ElgrThEarliNT. —ln the ;SW-0T assault, Ann Coyle y. Peter Coyle. of Weston, man and wl e —Air. Burton appeared and asked that the case be withdrawn as the parties had arrived at a set tlement.—The application was granted. LIVELY TIMM FOR FOOT PaSSENGEtti:—Thotnas Flanigan, Cooper-street. and Daniel Moakley, Mill-etreet, were sum- moned at the instance of the police for discharging sods awl (tier misries in Queen-street and Beiredere-street,Buncorn, ba the danger and annoyance of the public.—Both defendants pleaded guilty.—Sergeant Lee said he saw the defendants in the viclinty of the streets named on the 2nl of June. They were “chucklng" sods end atones at one ametlier,and any loot paasengers Taming a oug that way Would have a lively time of it. A great m inv complaints had been received frAm the general publia.—A fine of Is. and 82. 61. cods was inflicted upon Flanizan. who had precionslv been before the wort ; and Buckley was discharged With a warning on payment of Be. 6.1 costs. Carm!sny Fiktom.—Vor allowing his chimney to be on fire. Charlei Osborne, Halton-Mad. was fined Is. and Bs. 61. ct,sta

===== 0002601_18980624_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. lIRLRN3 POLICTI COURT.

MOND Hos Ind Green A Sy. HELENS MlTTeasa AND MS alflJE.—Robert Metcalf. cattle dealer and butehtr. of 182. Denton's ereen.lane, was summoned for persistent cruelty to his wife, Margaret.—Mr. H. L. Riley appeared for the co...plat nant, It appears 1 that the parties had been merrier% for 18 years, and there were five children. Mut Metcalf alleged that her husband came home late at nights under the Influence of drink, and repeatedly assaulted her. He had threatened to take her life se Sera' times, and she had previously separated from WM under an order of the maglotrates. Defendant denied his wile's &iega- tions as to his Winne, and nil bench ultimately agreed to an adjournment for 14 days with flicylevr of an arran,,,,,cmatit being come tn.—Thomas Turner 1. -a. Coliege-strect, brother of Mrs. Metcalf —the complainant In the last eaus—was sum - mooed for assaulting the latter's husband. IL,Mert Mete ilf stated that he was having a game of bow sa Dentwi's

===== 0002601_18980624_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
maillllll,

===== 0002601_18980624_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM IN E , FRIDAY. J UNE 24, 1898.

'Grain when. without any provocation whatever. Turner came uo to him, seizod him by the throat, and pushed him with his back over some railings.—Detendant, who did not ' appear, was bound over to keep the peace for three months. A NEIGHBOUR'S SQUABBLE.—AIfre Brimb.ll. of 15, Graf- ton-street. was charged with assaulting Kate Sirup...cm. a neighbour; and Ka a Simpson. of 85, Doulton-street. was suiumonedfor assaulting Sarah R. Brimbell. wife of the de- fendant. Mr. Riley appeared for Mrs. Simpson, cad Hr. 14. W. Swift for the Brimbells. ft appeare i that the parties had some words, and the squabble terminated in the issuing of oross-surninonses for assault. After several witnesses had I been examined, Alfred Brimbell was fined 10s and casts, and , the case against Mrs. Simpson was dismissed. ...EP•R•TION AF nit • FORTNIGHT'S M•RRIED ! adjourneA ease. ha which Nathaniel Whittle, a collier, of ! Glover-street. was summoned for deserting his wife,Elizaheth Ann. came on for hearing. —Mr. H. L Riley appeared for the defendant. Mn. "Nliittile stated that she was a widow when she married the defendant, three weeks ago. an 1 thsre had not been a day without •• jarring " since they were married. Sae fICNISO,I her husband of coming home drunk and of threatening to murder her. They werelliving at her mother's house. In reply to Mr. Riley, she denied that her mather had turned the dsfeadant out at the borne aria told him t, go and live elsewhere. The defence was a denial of the cruelty. and Whittle said he was willing to provide a furnished home for his wife, so that they could live away from their rela- tions. The case was adjourned for a month to allow for that to be done, Whittls In the meantime havihg to pay his wife 7s 6d per Week.

CRICKET.

CI6ICIEBTII3 ! Buse TY'S Demon Driver Bats are t,, X../ grandest made. HUSSEY'S Nev Math Balls retain their shape, and I,st longer than any otier. flgeagy's Leg (lairds are exceptionally good. BUSSEY'I Bating Gloves are far superior to the usual class. HUSSEY'S Bags are made to wear. BUVIEY'S Diary artl Companion is a Gem for 64 Apply for BussKY's Catallgue fr )11 Lo:al Spot's Outfitters or 36 and 33 QUO3II Vi gt mia-stre.t, hondon. Factoriai Peckham, London: and Bpnawell. Suffa!k.—Advt. 4

LOVELY LANE C C. v WRITECEOS3— Played at Lovely-lane on Saturday. Scare

LONELY LANE W a ITEC 1088 Evans b Coley 1 Evans b Pltunpton 1 Light b Humphreys Doody c and b Loos 2 Lee c Lizht b Plumpton 1 Plurnotan h Humphreys 6 Coley b Plumpton 9 Marshall b Humphreys... 2 Potter b Plurnpton ..... B dley c Waadward b Bond a Rights), b Plump- Humphreys P Hayward b Coley Hewitt b Coley B Hayward a.at out 1 WoodheAd c B Hayward b Hlchley b Co:ey 6 Plumpton Gleave b Coley 0 Humphreys not out 0 Hough b Ma,shall Extaas 9 Extra. 0

Total 49

Total 25

LiTCHFIELD BIPTLSTS V. RHVIANCTRI. —P at Wash lane on datarday. and resulted in a victory for Lidchfard by 16 runs aril toll. wickets. Po- Latchford Wilkinson bowled splendidly, taking seven wickets for 11 runs. score

ir.NINCI.NUEL • L &TCPII,IRD. J Lloyd b wilkiuson .... 3 J Hallam lbw b J Lloyd 7 Heald b Wilkinson 1 WI kinson c J Lloyd b Kni4ht, h Wllkiasm Bibby b 3. Hallam ....... ..... 3 T Alhinson b 3 1 loyd 8 If Green b J tlallam 0 W Hallam c Bibby b J _ _. . -

, T Lloyd not nut Lounds st A Libitum, b A Aloinson b J Lloyd-- 1 Wilkin, Todd b Wilk non He wall c J Hallam b WiLkin- 1) Knight not out ... 4 son Boardmsn c W Knight b Newell dld not bat. Wilkinson S Green b W Hallam Extras 8 Extras

Total ........... 33 Total 4 CREMIRE LINES 2,113 v. RICEIMOND'S.—PIayed on Monday night on the Engineers ground. Score :-- RICIIMOND'e. ENGINEERS. W Fleetwood a Brown b Ha^lrma cot out

Rohmson ....... ............. 4 Lawless b Bradley Bra,.Hey o Brown b Robin- Du .kworth b Bradley 1 son . 1 Robinson b Fleetwood b.Brown Darlington vrt oat 2 Bailey run out 4 Mape a Highun b Du:k- Brown b Fleetwouri 0 worth lO Holcroft clc b Fleetwood 9 A Brown b On,•kworth 0 liirtham st Kelly b Pemberton lbw b Brown Leckenley c Hassey b Massey b Bradley 2 Duckworth 2 McJohnstone not out ... 0 C Fleetwood b Lawless 1 B owu not out 0 . .

Cain b Duck worth Rktraa 0 Extras

Total

Total 44

MOORP: V. ST3CFCroV HEA.TII.—A,t, StlektOn Heath. The home team Aattei drgt snoring 63 Or th, loss e sla wickets, when they decltred. F. Ilecsorn making 39 in firat-class style. Moore fared bdly against the 4e3 series of England and Show, the former taking five wickets for 13, ant the latter fonr far nine, time saving theca from Llefeat. as they had only one wicket tc fall. and required 43 runs to win._ Score :- ----

_ STOCKTON HEATH. _ MooRE. Rnglsrid b Fonts^ F fleesorn c linlght b Btnner at Heesgrn b Antrabus 39 Ern(land ... 3 Pocfmore b Elinuer 3 Comilin st Heesons b ._. . _ . .

ShvYb T . . aylor II ficesom b Taylor Mar tio not out 0 Johnson c Hobbs b Whit-degz b lay lo- 8 England 0 Hobbs. D ven?ort. lviasoa Fc,ster c ilobin b chsw 2 Wallicc dli nst btt 'factor c Whlteleg4 b Shtw 5 Grimes b England Kllshaw c and b Shaw Antrobus not out 2 Jones not out Extras

Ton, 1 ....... ........ 69

Total

WINWICR-111A D V. Gain SF EC KT.—Played ot and resulted In a win for Winwick-road by 8 wickets. Score winwick-rold 20 for two wickets, Gee-street 15 all out. For Winwick-road. 111‘sson rook seven wickets f.ir 10 runs and G. Wrigh; 3 wickets for 5 runs.

Busier'sls PiRISS CHURCH C.C. V I{ILE BlNFC.—Played at Runcorn on Saturday. Score:— HALE 13.071 C. PARI3H. Splrke3 0 Wilkinson b Newton b Rigby •.. ..... ... 0 Glyter Owen. b Bell 7 Walker b Rigby 0 Ratcliffe is Walker b 8e11... 2 Oaytar c Cook b RigbV Burgess b Bell 0 Booth c Ghrdiner b Rigby 8 Gardiner b Bell Cooke run out 1 Bell lbw Ratcliffe Rigby b Bell Pritchard b Bell 0 Clarks b Realiffe Knowles a Ball Crossley run out 6 Carrie b R tkaliff a 1 Tharme not ant Bstras

Total CLuam)or: v. Wiosc..3.—At Club:n3or on Stturday. . Scare :

CLUENt IoR. VVIDNE9. Pea-san c G.rdiner b J !Tampon b Bradshaw... 11 Jones C ',lr.rpliv b liAwsr is Brarlstrt w b 0 j,a,e, l7 Cslion not out .. .. 2l Ciewer b J Jones l3 Gardiner a Hastings b 3.7lckerell a HArnp,on b Bradsh try Ed w ards 2l D Jones b Rast,ngs 5 Willlarnson c D Jone 3 b J Ale',o tie n,t nut J Jones 9 6 nit,b, Dr 3tw mil, J Nlnkep-.ace lbw b ti7.ill lO Janes a 11 WAIL did not Heywooic Vall b Bdtv.trds 0 btt Illstlnzs b Jones 5 L Rigby no'. bit l7 J Murphy lbw b J Jones 0 11;tral 9 Extras 7

Total 133 Total (for 5 wkta) 93 FRIDSECAU v. LYMIt —Played at Lymm on Saturday. Score :

P. R3DSHIM. LYNINt. SeibV b Hinde 3 A B Ferris a Ashton b Halfor lb Billie Linker c Willinnson b J A Farris a Selby b Hinds 29 Halford Kennf.rley c Gibbon b Swain b Halford ... 1 Hinde Boston 0 Swain b Gibbon._ 9 Halford . 5 Ashton not mit Rogers ci A b Gibbon 1 Made run out Entwistle c ft,gersou b Gibbon c Ashton b Swain MeHrum et Brown b Brown b Rogers Ifindo Diamond not out ....... ..... 6 Rogerson c Ashton b Bogen' Extras lO Extras

Total B6 Total MARLEST)HN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS V. LnNGSIGHT ST. Joaa's —Fayed It Harlestown on SAturday. Score :

LoNGSlaar ST. Jomies. EARLESToWN PRIM. METH. C Hopwa,4o.l e Morse b B 3 W Mullins 4 Oakley b Towing 45 Learmouth 3 W lekrmouth b Austin ... 3 J T Banton b Learmouth 5 B Bryce a an.l b Morse 1 W Morse run out 0 T Oakley b Morse W Dheihlre b Ho:lse T Crinses not out A Collins not out '..V Anaster. J Hackney, A W Parrott b Hopwood ... 1 Wilkinson, T Hulrne, did P Tapping b Learmouth 1 not bat. G Hodnett not out Sub b Hopwood Extras l2 lixtras

_ 36 Total Innings dealarel for 5 wickets. ST. Hxtorca V. Passe3r.—Playecl at St. Helens on Satur- day. Scare i PitESCOT. Xr. HELENS. (Jr Hastewood b 7 Sinsm... 35 Westbead not out . 27 Nvans c and 5 Porter 2 Pilliston nob out Leedbetter , J Simm 29 Bate, Glover, J Sinn. A Bixter c and S.l sinam l4 strnm. Itt4y, Hewitt. Witltti.ld c Fiiiistan b J Fox, Porter and Turner Simet , J Stott b J Oliam 4 W Stwt 5 Pox 34 Allen not on 23 It Davies b Porter Seddm and King did not bat

Extras 6 Extras 2

Total... 209

Total 5l

-____•____ The 61stanniversary of the Queen's Accession to the Throne was celebrated on Monday at Windsor with the accustomed ceremony.

BOWLING.

SARACEN'S HEAD v. RUNCORN.

Played at Ru acorn oa Saturday. Score : SkRICITYS HELD RUNCORN. B. D, S. D. lir Fog J BroadhurA lO 1 " J Ackert% ll J Jolley A Griffiths W Mclntyre A Clare T Heesom 3 H Bailey ()Boardman W Ryes J Hardy S Green W Whittaker ll .1. 13 W Mackenzie R Witham, 9 J R Hill J Appleton i• 1 11 113 J Clare 162 88 162

I 3 2 63 68

Majority fur liuucorn, 80.

HAMM!? "MN v" Itadifintr, —These clubs met at Rainhill on fiatarday afterno .0 In a friendly game. 15 up, and re- sulted In a win for the ltainhill team. Scores _ EARLESTOWN. RAINHILL. _

R Stantou

15

gaby W nub'iek

S Appleton 5 H Parr, Jun J Savage 5 11. Parr. sen. .3 Warburtm 8 W Ball l5 A R James l5 12 Ball J 11-dworth T Mather P Davies l5 R Presoot D Sherlock S Thompson 5 N Lyons l5 P Mottram 5 W C Dnabury l5 JO Rdgar J R Allen J Finals

148 MAjority or Rainhill 64.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GI-KNERAL NEWS.

By a bnatind accident off Southsea on Sunday a nava' stoker and two soldiers were drowned. On Saturday It was officially announzed that thsre would be no naval mariceuvres this year. The reason has not been sta'ed._

The Queen has intimated her intention to confer the Vic- toria Cross upon Avny Reservist, Lawson, of the Girdon Highlanders. As the pioneer battalion of the Gulrds was making trials of explosives at the rifle range at Hasenheide, near flerlnt, Lieutenant Wollme,nn was killed by the explosicut of a powder barrel.

The largest floating dock in the world, built at Wa!Dead- on-Tyne, has arrived safely at Stettin, the journey havaig occupied nine days. I At the Old Bai.ey on MondeV, the Recorder directed the grand jury to return a true bill against Dr, William Mouusell Collins, charged with the murder of Mrs. Uzielli, who is said to have died- alter an illegal operation.

The body of the late Sir Edward Borne-Jones. Bart, was privately cremated on Monday morning at Woking. and the ceremony of interring the casket coutsining the ashes took place oa Tuesday in toe picturesque little church of Bottingdeau, near Brighton, Irrigation canals are about to be cut through a tract of the Colorado desert, which Is now entirely barren by reason of the absence of rain. The area to be reclaimed measu:es about 1,600,000 acres.

At Merthyr Police Court seven men were each fined 40s. and costs for assaulting the four police officers who charged the crowd at Abercyaon on the 9th inst. Iwo oilier meu were similarly dealt with for throwing stones at the police, when they were charging an aggressive crowd at Dowlai s. A plumber named John Rogerson was admitted to the Manchester Royal Infirmary on Monday morning suffering from injuries sustained in a fail from the roof of a house in Stocks-street, Cheatham, on which he had been at work. ita died the same night. A young married woman named Sarah Ann Kelly, who re- sided at 102, Pitt-street, WAS burnt to death on Tuesday morning by the explosion of an oil lamp, which she is sup- posed ro have attempted to extinguish by blowing into the chimney. Budapest tramways are row wholly worked by electricity. The last horse has been taken off, and the city, which IlAs 600,000 inhabitants, is the only one in Burope where animal traction over lined way has been entirely given up. Madame &trials 13.irnhardt is said to have accepted an invitation from the Ai tharajati of Kapurthala to visit India According to a " Morning Post telegr sm. Madame Bern- hardt will play in the large cities like Colombo, Bombay, Pondicherry, and Calcatta, and also before certain Rajahs. Richard Yowls, a nativ3 of Tipton. Staffordshire, and ern- ployed at the Corrugated Iroaworks, Hawarden Bridge, WAS ' drowned while bathing in the River Dee on Sunday after- noon. While swimming across the river on his back, he wis suddenly seized with cramp, threw up his arms, and sank. Mr. Justice Dad ng fined a man £3 for attempting to per- sonate his employer as a jarymin in a case which came be- fore his lordship. Justice Darling said that when the em- ployer, a provision dealer named (trot g, carrying on business at Clapham and elsewhere, WAS produced. lie would fine him much more heavily. The steamer Kihnore, from Piraeus for Verne, collided w.th a Gireek schooner on the 22nd ult. in the Gulf of gal- onion. The latter sank, and six of the crew were drowaell. 'ihe former is believed to be undamaged. The Kilmore left Ihrall for Antwerp, and pseud Constantinople on the 14ta inst.

Robert Lettel on Sunday mail a cluing trip through the seething gxst nt tan Niagara Rapids in a steel barrel speci- ally constructed. He came out safely at the whirlpool some miles below the fall, but Hale the worse for his adventure. Ile proposes to go over the Horseshoe Falls in hie barrel on July 4. On Sunday, George 34annix, who was probably the oldest man In lretand, died at Kanturk at the age of 115. The de- ceased was a drummer boy in the Royal Irish Regiment which fought at Vlaegar Hill. In county Wexford, in the year 1798. Deceased's nephews and nieces are, many of them, old and feeble men and women. _ _ .

A youth named Hare, aged seventeen. of Back-lane. Shuttleworth, near Bury. was drowned while bathing with some companions ins lodge at Cneesden Bar on Sunday afternoon His friends had prohibited him from going, but after attending the Sunday school Me went as stated and was drowned.

Four youg men belonging t's Blaokplol were bringing a sinsli boat back from St. anues-on-the- fea ou Friday night. when rough wok her se', in, and apparently the boat ctp. sized. Tilere was no assistance at•hs.nd. ad the young men were drowned, their blle I. big vesshst ashore netr the Viotoria Pier oa Saturday morninir. . . .

Tne fountains of Paris jar, shortly to be illuminated with coloured light after dusk. Sleatrie light la LI be pasied throngh stained ease awl thrown upwa.r.is ft-0-n tabular apertures opening at the waters surface, so as te pass through the myriad deeps of which the jets are compose', Ctrs. Gladstose is enj lag 0 Intl nue i geed health. She drove on Sunday morning from HiWarden Castle Co service at Buekley(Thurch. of which tha Kay. Garry Drew is vicar. naa invented by Mrs. 'viakh trn. Hiss Milan Gitdstone and oVier mninbers of the Weedy attended Das/Arden Church, where the stair. Stephen Gladatane prevailed. The ft.lAl stags of the Se ittish r di issiam slenshlo was con- e' Hied on Satarday etternneu at the meeting nt the Scottie" Rifle Aaaoelation. at 0 irately. Sarana Smith, lit Ayr. Gray, 3rd Reafrew, and Guy Lit .tyr, tied with an aggregate scare of 2.37. Upon 21in-sting off the tie, Sergeant Smith. 151 ,tyri v, on VII 104444 oh sm2i anship g del badge, an

On Sat Aral 7 night al ergo ThollAl. a brick:aye-, of Bagley Marsh, netr llesin 6re, ristrrelled with his wife vt loaked her in are ens under the Min of their 1101138. and seizing a gun which Was heaving on the well ef toe kitehen put it throdgh a creViee in ths do w and shot at her. ',fortunately' the shot struck her In the arm and she emegsel without eeriooe injuries Shortly after five o'clock on Monday evening Ernest Metre. aged eleven, son on Jabez hears, D tvenhttn, Nortttwich, was drowned while bathlog in is pit near Raton Moss Farm, Davt-nhun. h nuts, who was un tittle to swim. got out of his depth and cried f 'lt help. his yo.mger brother. aged nine. who could swim slightly. insole tately ju n pod in and made acourageous attempt at retitle, but wte dragged down, and hod to reinnqutsh his hold. Another stamping dhaster has occurred off Molene Island, where the Drummond Ctstle wee wrecked two years ago. The Rnglish stetmer Rubio having lott its course in the fog, went upon the reefs there on Sal ity last, nut hat b tcs.nmet a total wreck. The crew were sowed. The Ruble) is a ste Inner of 1,518 tone, built at HtWepool Ito 1331 She is owned hr the Rubio dteamshlp Company, Limlte I, her port f registry be- ing Now York.

At Sheffield, on Tnesday morning, the horses of a otrrias I conveying • bride to ehureli to .k right ane galloped dowd a deeline. The bride jumped from the carriage ant fell 01 the back of her head. ihe was carried he no inse tsible aai had &nee remains./ nncoescious. All the wedding party he with t exception of the unfortunate bride ant seer'r ade. who was lo have given her away, assemble I at the oh arch, when painful Beene was °cantonal be the receipt of the news of the seeldent. A peculiar accilent henpened late on Saturday night at Stalybridge railway station. Thai:le-operative trip, coast Iting of several hundred people, had returned from Belle Vase. a'" the empty train was starlet el..wly for return to ArdtiCk Su Monty the engine ran off the hues, and tore tip ths per- rraneut way for a short distance. It was discovered after- wards that the cease of the accident was an umbrella dropped from the train. It had got wedged in the Palates rowing them open. The railway official' said that tee? hal never heard of a similar accident before. Special interest coot-ed in the arrival at Plymonth on Monday of the cruiser Blonde, from the West Coast or Africa' he owing to thc fact that sis the veseel Oft which Prince Henryof Sattenberg died during a cruise which ws oa t h under- taken in the hope that he would recover from the severe ill- ness which he contracted daring the Ashanti expeditioa A memorial brass has been place' in the cabin where the Prine'dled• The vessel Is to b 0 55 it tO Portsmouth and wilt Probably be visited by members of the Royal family, after- wards returning to Devonport to Pay eff • An arehxiogical discovery of the highest interest has just been made at Tongress, proviace of Hasselt, where exceva- Dons in one of the tumuli at the intersection of two Roman roads have brought to light a seam sphagus containing the re- mains of a Roman artist Of the third century. With the remains were found a large number of urns, rases. and Mis- cellaneous trinkets ; but pe-hape the most interesting items were the bronze cups containing remains of the artist's (*lows, which will, .t is hoped. throw some light On the process of contemporary painting. A writer In " Notes and Queries " calls attention tO the fact tint the house in which James Boswell. the biographer of Johnson. Mel is at presect in process of demolition. This hose is 122, Great Pottland•street. Wawa!' earns borne early in the spring of 1795 weak and languid from a meeting Of the Liter ‘ry Club. His illness rapidly p•oved danger- ous, a,cl he died here on litay 19th, 1795. The street bat been renumbered since his day, and there is no tablet or Miler record on the house to identify it. It was In the sine house that Kossuth, the Hungarian patriot, resided during his visit to England In the autumn of 1850. The vie< railway up the Jungfran mountain will terminate 'at a station. 13.658 q. above sea level. It will cont'nue uo• wards for another 7,000 ft. the system of reek railways which now conveys passengers as far as gcheldegg. Part of the gradient will make 0 rise on lit. in 4ft The weight of the trains will ide taken by smooth mile of the familiar kind whuis',n. central toothed rail witi provide a rack into which a cogged driving wheel will work and do the raising. Toe cot. of conetruction is expected to reach nearly £4 0,007. K:O3- trlcity, generated by Alpine torrents, whit provide motive Power. The extenslo s is to be tinished in about four yeAre thre. All the returns of the elections to the German licickstag I have now been received. They show that, apart from 183 constituencies in which second ballots are necessary, the it ength of the parties is as t011owl:-33 Conservatives, 10 Imperial party, 85 Centre, 5 Reform party, 10 National Liberals, 1 Radical Union. I Radical People's party. 1 Agrarian Leiguer, 32 Social Democrats, 13 Poles, 1 Dane. 9 ' Independents, and 3 Peasant Leaguers. An analysis of the results gi-ses the Conservatives four seats gained, four lost ; Imperial party, one gabled. two lost ' • Centre, Aye gained. one lost ; Reform party fire lost ; Natlonal Liberal, three won, sec-n lost; Radical Union. three lost ; Radical Peophr's party. four list; German People's party, four lost; Socia Democrats, three won, thiee lost; Poles, one gained, six lost.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FAST COTTON BLACK DIAMOND DYE will not washout or fade. Anybody can use it. Plain directions make failure impossible. The only package dye that will give a fast, rich black on cotton and mixed goods. Buy white cotton stockings and colour them with Fast Stocking Black DIA- MON D DYE. It will save money. DIAMOND DYES

dye anything any colour. Sold everywhere, sixpence a package. J dainty bcoklet, "Successful Home Dyeing," szd namplo card or 45 dyed cloths, sent gratis and port free. Address,

DIAZOND DYES,3I& 32 1312012 Hllll London, E,C.

' ' •• ,; • t C +lg; 44vi.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

CassuisE COUNTY UNION—The annual meeting of this Union was held on 't hursday night, last week,under the presidency of Mr. J. Percival, of Stockport. It was unanimously resolved to contribute LIO to the fund for the benefit of the widow of the late secretary and treasurer, Mr James E.Langshaw,Runcorn. Mr.Y.Perci- val. Stockeprt., was re-elec'ed president ; Mr. J. Ashley, Altrincharn, vice-prelident; Mr.J. Love,Birkenhead, sec- retary; and Mr. C. !owned, Runcorn, treasurer. The committee wag constituted as follows :—Messrs. T. Bur- rows, Stockport; A. Abel,ltuncorn Recreation ; Hussey. Stockport; and J.Ellison, Runcorn. The question of ad- mitting junior clubs to the County Union and the arrangement of a match with Cumberland were dis- were adjourned until the Northern Union hcaul. nci dgsteieecaconsulted. Runcorn florne:s were admitted members.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL P,t RLIAMENT.

}four: or Lortos.—MOWDLY. In the House of Lords on Monday the Committee stage of the Aliens Bill was taken. An amendment, moved by the Earl of RARDWICZE, providing for inspection by the medical effic.rs as well as inspectors. was accepted. Earl GREY moved an amendinsnt excluding paupers or persons likely to become paupers. from the operation of the bill. His Lordship oontended that no case had been made out for the grett departure from the practice of the country set forth in the bid. L^rd RIBBLESDALE seconded and Lord HERSCHELL and Lord TURING supported the amend- ment. The Xrl ot HARDWICKE remarked that if passed it would defeat the object of the bill. The amendment was lost by a majority of 37, the voting being—for 32, against 79. The bill then passed through Committee. The Sea Fisheries Bill, the object of which is to prohibit the sale of undersized fish, was read a second time.

HOUSE OF CONIESION3.—M sND kr. In the House of Commons Mr. RITCHIE,fiI reply to Mr. D. B. Jones said the Board of Trade had taken every step to Inform itself as to the circumstances and progress of the dispute in the South Wales coal trade.—Sir B. Gourley asked whether the rumour was correct that the usual naval manreavres were to be dispensed with this year.—Mr. Gosehen said the instructions sent to the ports were in the fallowing terms:" In view of the continued serious character of the strike amongst the South Wales collieries, it has been decided that it would be expedient to trench upon the reserves of coal for the naval manoeuvre,, and the Custom- ary" partial mobilisation of the fleet will therefore not take place. The Channel Squadron and the coastguard squadron would cruise as usual. The Channel Squadron consisted of eight battleships and six cruisers, and the reserve squadron of six battleships and three cruisers. Lest there should be any exaggerated idea in reference to the Admiralty stock of coal. he might add that they had never been in pos- session of a larger amount of actual coal than at the present tnoment,and this measure was taken as a mattter of prudence. Sir 33. WHITE R/DLEY asked leave to bring in a bill to amend the Factory and Workshops Acts, 1878 to 1895. as to the time of employment of women and young persons in processes necesary for the pre-ervation of perishable materials. He explained that the object of the bill was to I meet difficulles that had arisen in connection with exemp- tions granted under the older Factory Acts in respect of ' trades dealing with perishable goods, especially the fish- curing trade in Scotland and, on a smaller scale, the creameries in Ireland. After some remarks by Sir C. Duarg, the bill was brought in and re id A first time —On the con- sideration of the Benefices (Co. 2) Bill, as amended in Com- mittee, Mr. J. B. ROBERTS moved a new clause to the effee:; that in case a bishop proposed to collate on his own nomina- tion to a benefice in Wa es In which the Welsh language was spoken, three parishioners or two beneficed clergymen might apply to the Court to restrain the bishop on the ground that the person proposed to be collated had not a thorough and familiar knowledge of the Welsh langurge.—Alter a debate, In which Mr. A. J. BALFIL7R and Sir W. if A.IICIII al' took part, the amendment was rejected by 185 votes to 99.—Mr. S. GEDGE thee moved a new clause providing that where a bishon proposed to Institute on his own nomination a parishioner might apply to the Court to restrain him on the same grounds oa which a bishop was himself entitled to ref use to institwe.—Mr. B aLF AIR opposed the amendment, which was supported by, amongst others, three Conservative members, Mr. H. D. Greene, Mr. H. S. S. Foster' and Mr. T. G. Bowles.—On a division it was rejected by 204 votes to 117, and the House then proceeded to the con sideration of the clauses of the bill as amended in Commlttee• An amend- ment proposed by Mr. J. C. WILLIAMS. with the object of stopping the transfer of arivowsons for any valuable con- sideration, WAS detested by 183 votes to 78, The debate was adjourned at midnight, ROUSH 0? LORDS.— TUESDAY. In the House of Lords. on Tuesday, the Earl of MAY° moved the second reading of the Industries (Ireland) Bill, which, he explained, was Intended to facilitate the estab- lishment of electrical industries in Ireland. by the employ- ment of the unused water power whleh now ran to waste to the extent of millions of gallons. The Earl of CAMPERDOWN moved that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. The Earl of DENBIGH said the Bill had the sympathy of the Irish Government. He suggested that it should be referred toe select committee. After some discus- sion in which the Earl of Morley, the Marquis of Ripon, Lo d Clifden, and Lord Cranbrook took part, the Earl of Kum withdrew the bill. - HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TVESDAY.

In the liUMs-e-oi COrnrnofls, the bP EXER67Mouneed that he had received a letter from the Secretary of State for Foreign Aft tirs transmitting a translation of the message of condolence from the Chamber of Peers of Portugal on the death of Mr. Gladstone. Q uest ions were asked regarding the protection of military and merc.intile ports; the new fast Atlantic service: and the land tax. Mr. BALYoUri informed Mr. Herbert Lewis that the date fur the introduction of the Secondary Edueation Bill in the House of Lords had not yet been fixed. Mr. Cunzlx,answering Mr. Joseph Walton, said the Government was aware that the Russian representative, acting under orders from Ct . Petersburg, had delivered a Written protest to the Teung-Li-Yamen, with a view of pre- venting the ratification of the proposed loan from the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank for the extension of the railway from Shan-Hal-Kwan to kflu-Chwang. Mr. Chamberlain questioned by Mr. A. O'Connor, said that according to the latest information the powers of resistance of the principal insurgent chief In Sierra Leone were completely broken. The House resumed the consideration of the Benefices (50. 2) Bill, as amended by the Standing Committee, aad Mr. Brynmor Jones moved the omission of clause 2. which dealt with the grounds upon which a bishop might refuse to institute to a living. After a discussion, in whiCh Mr. Balfour. Sir William llarcourt,the Attorney-General, Colonel Sands, Sir Francis Powell. and Mr. Mellor took part, the amendment was negatived wittiont a division. Colonel Sandy. moved an amendment the effect of which WRS to provide that It should be compulsory for a bishop not to in- titute in the case of clergy guilty of the misconduct pro- vided for in the clause, and that it should not be left to his I option. On a division the amendment was ;ejected by 296 to I 133. Several other amendmends were afterwards considered.

A htd named Baxter, age I fourteen, the son of a Poles- worth miner. was killed on Slonday night on the London and North-Western Railway at Polesworth, near Tamworth. several boys were en the line about half-past seven, when the cave minutes to five train from Huston approached. The driver blew his whistle, and all the boys rushed out of dan- ger except Baxter, who was caught by the engine and liter- ally cut to pieces. A remarkable fatality was reported at Newport on Monday afternoon upon the arrival of the quarter past two train from Brynmawr. The fireman. Ivor Duciridve, was breaking goal on the teuder with a pick when he accidentally struck his own head, inflicting N terrible wound, from which he expired before reaching Newport.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Liver Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 144 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this paper. (tempt-IL

===== 0002601_18980624_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE DISASTER AT THE LAUNCH

OF A BATTLESHIP.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
200 PEOPLE THROWN INTO THE THAMES. GREAT LOSS OF LIFE.

_ A terrible disaster at tbe launch of a vessel for the Royal Navy—equal only to the accident to the Daphne, in the Clyde, iu July, 1883, when 124 lives were lost— occurred on the Thames at Blackwell on Tuesday, on the occasion of the launch of the battleship Albion. from the yard of the I hames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company. Special interest centred in the event not only by reason of the circumstance that the ceremony of christening was to be performed by the Duchess of York, arid that the Duke of York had come specially from the Crescent at Portsmouth for the occasion,but by the fact that the Albion is the largest addition to the navy ever launched in the Thames, where for many years past the shipbuilding industry had been in a decaying, if not moribund condition. The result was that there was a great crowd to witness the ceremony. Everything ap- parently had passed off happily and successfully, and cheers were being raised in celebration of the event, when, out of sight and unknown to their Royal High- nesses and the other distinguished visitors, a staging which had been erected around a Japanese warship le course of erection was swept away by the huge wash rallied by the Albion as she reached the water,and some 200 were suddenly immersed in the seething water.o:ber lestimates nay as many as 300 were swept away, but at all events there was great loss of life, and up to seven o'clock at least 30 bodies had been recovered.

George Cooke, a sturdy young shipwright, who had been at the yard from the beginning of tne ceremony, was able to give the representative of the Press AS9O- - a very clear narrative of what occurred.fie, with his brother, Frederick Cooke, was standing high up on one of the stages of the Japanese war vessel Shikishima, which is being built by the company lower down, and not many yards to the right is a creek. Across this creek was a wooden and unornamental bridge with the word clearly painted on it in large letters " Dangerous." Notwithstanding this, between twv and throe hundred people were crowded on it. Still further on to the right was a blank wall, and then an opening through which the Albion was expected to appear. Suddenly there was great shouting and cheering, and the huge vessel shot stern first into the water, " Then," said young Cooke, " there was a shriek of horror," for, as the Albion swashed along, and nearly touched the Opposite bank, the water rose in a huge and frightful backwash, and, swirling at least four feet above the bridge near the Skikishima, swept all the people upon the structure into the river. In a moment this part of the river, which could not be seen where the Royal party had stood, was a struggling mass of drowning people—mostly women and children. Nor could anything at first be done to save them, for some boats and tugs which were on the other side of the dock could not reach the spot until the Albion had floated into her berth near the Slukishima. When once she had gone by, however, the men on the tugs and tho boats went to work with a desperation little short of mar- vellous, and but for their grim entue,ty few would have suevived to tell the tale. Cooke, continuing his narra- tive, said—"As soon as the bridge with Ihe people on it had collapsed, and the wave had gone down,my brother and I took off our cats and waistcoats, and jumped in- to the struggling mass. I am a good swimmer, and have saved lives previously, and I was too excited to think of the danger. I kept diving underneath the spars, and anywhere where I thought a laxly mi4ht be found, and my brother and I brought up five people, three of whom were alive and two dead. One of the three rescued alive, however, succumbed after being landed. One woman pulled me underneath the water, and I should probably have been drowned,but assistance was at hand, and we were hauled on just in the nick of time. The number of victims stands at 34, of whom 32 were drowned, and two died in hospital alter having been rescued. Mrs. Thompson, who is in Poplar Elospital,and who had both legs fractured, one of which has been am- putated, is not dead, as was reported, but is going on as well as can he expected—as are all the other patients detained there.

On Wednesday afternoon an inqurst was opened as to the death of 33 of the victims. Format evidence oi identification haying been taken, the inquiry was ad- journed until Tuesday morning next.

W ABM NGTON FIELD CLUB.

This club visited Frodsham Marsh, under the 1 leadership of Dr. Billups, on Saturday afternoon. There was only a small attendance, presumably owing to the threatening appearance of the weather, but those whose robust faith impelled them to brave the elements met with an ample reward, for on arriving at Frodsham the rain ceased and several hours were both pleasantly and proti;ably employed in studying the fauna and flora or the marsh land and meadows which stretch down to the river and which are rarely visited by the ordinary excur- sionist. A number of plants occur here which are not found elsewhere in the district; the Zannichellia pedunculata, not hitherto recorded as occurring in Cheshire, was found growing in profusion at the west end of the marsh ; the interesting and curious frogbit and the bladder wort also occur in some of the ditches. The semi-aquatic hunting-spider (Pirata piratica) and the wolf-spider (monticola) were taken, and it was evident that under more favourable atmospheric conditions many other ar- achnidans would have been observed. Several re- cords were made amongst the beetles; the whirligig (Gurinus natator). so familiar to the school boy in- tent on the capture of the wily sticklebactc, was plentiful, but in addition a new local species decor- ated with handsome red longitudinal stripesais well as three species of Bombinium rewarded the patient search of two of the party.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending May 28:h. During the week the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 51 24 The excess of births over deaths was 27. Birth Rate 42'2 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 19.8 per 1,000, against 161 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 12-8 the corresponding period of last year. The death. sate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0.8 per I,ooo.against 1.4 the average rate of the previous four weeks, and against nil the corresponding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 op. 2 5 1 1 10 5 24. The deaths included-1 from diarrhoea, 3 from phthisis, 8 from lung diseases, 1 from injuries, 11 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 28th May—Wk.!. I Ma-raoaotoor.—The mean temperature was 52 Fah., and therefore 4 deg. higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 69F. was recorded on the 25th inst., and the minimum temperature 39 F. on the 28th inst. The rainfall measured •58in. The general direction was N.E., the reading of the anemometer denoting 545 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

To Idoxanste.—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has bee used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- i dren While teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all chemists is. lid, per bottle.—Actrt.

JOliN ECCLES, lINGINNER, FALCON WORKS, JOHN-ST., WARRINGTON,: ANUFACTURNR_yr SCALES, WEIGHING meclivsiEo

"Vl-PO-810.

AND WHIGHBRiNiTCS-FOR ALL e, ImPßovEn WIRE AND SPRING TESTERS. MAI:Ma TURNTABLES, RAILWAY PLANT, AC. vy. Repairs [undertaken in any Part of the Country Ex perienced Workmen. ENQUIRIES SOLICITED.

40 .40,0104' _

===== 0002601_18980624_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
>empoes,e4nwi.n.o.e.Go*os cowl) Satisfactory alike to guest and host is coffee made with; _ • -ton's Edinburgh Coffee g P,ssence. sold in small and larg.e 7.4 I,es by Grocers overywh!re. 9 '''t.04:4,404,2t.M*104.0434D.0

JYtaingt

b.ottl

/4'clsese.4,l

===== 0002601_18980624_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980624_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JUNE Fr( M WAL3,IICGICN

Acton Bridge-7 10,7 33 8 23, 10 43, 1 35, 2 35, 520. 5 I 20 Sundays 10 10 a.m. Alcsar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31, 1 14. a 3 19,a 40 a 90, a 7 Saaltys 9 36, 25, 8 50. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L ,A N.-W.) a 3 0.83 23, 710,7 35, 950. 10 40, 120. 1 50, 2 35,3,20, 5 20, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30.10 15, 45 1135, aMondays excepted. b Mondays only. BiraliaSiiatfl (Midland)-6 6. 9 09. 11 65, 12 55, 3 20, 50. 6 55,11 52. Sundays 1145. 425, 515 p.m Blackburn -529,6 45. 8 35, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 4 44, 6 14, 47 Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool--5 29, 545, 835, 956. 11 42, 12 25, 225 44 t 7 614, 7 17, 847, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 6.10 20. 12 1441 15,3 3.44 21, 6 25, 7179 2, Sundays 843 a.m., 5 0. 10 40, p.m. Carlisle-7 47,9 55.11 40.12 25.2 25.3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35. 1 Chester-7 42.8 17,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 25, 1 18, 1 40,1 52, 313 22,6 11,6 4. 7 42, 1014, 1132. Sundays 844 7 45.11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 10, 10 0, 12 7, 1 15, 335, 5 20. 6 20, 8, 926, 10 30. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe—a3 0, 8323, 730, 828, 950. 10 40, 12 Os 133. 721, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 511 35. afdondar excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 42,9 5, 1.2 25, 1 52.3 13, 511,64, 7 42, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. 1 Derby (Midland)-6 6. 959, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 , Sundays 11 45 a.m., 421,5 15 p.m. Rarlestom n-5 45.7 10,8 25,8 35,10 3,10 20,10 40, 10 55, 127. 1225. 115,335,348.55. 5 20, 6 20. 78. 925. 950, 1030. Sundays, 7 40,8 35, 8 43.a.m. 4 56,6 0, (47,954 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 32, 8 25, 9 40, 11 53, 55, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 3 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 42. 9 5. 1023, :225, 152. 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7 40,10 14. Sundays 844 am., .745 p.m. “arstou (Cheshire Lines)—? 12. 755. 831, 95. 12 0 15, 215. 40. 529. 70, 80. c 930, 01020. 11311 Sun days 90. 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. ciSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37. 629, 956, 11 40, 1225. 2 25, a 46,. Sun- days '437, 5 29. a.m. Golborne—b 45.7 10.8 35, 1065,12 25, 1 15, 3 48, 5 20, 7 17, 9 50. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hougn Green-7 12. 7 55.8 31, 9 5,a9 30,11 2,120. 1. 5,2 15, 40. 60. 70, 80, 89 30, alO 20. Sunday 90, 936 11 25, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 u. 7 55,3 2, 7 y 15. Sundays 856, 10 12.3 25. 5 15. 935. Latcnford—Froin Arpley Station-6 20,? 22, 80,90, 9 58 1.0 49. 12 36, 114. ta 22. 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 18, a 7 40, 9 13 Sundays 850. 3 8. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. A N.-W•)-3 sa, 532. 7 10, 8 10. 836 12 7, 1225, 1 15, 520, 78, 925. 1030, Sundays 36, 450 530, 835. 8 43. s 2'6. 4 56. 60, ti b 4. From High Level Plat form. aMonclaYs excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-733, 825. 109 1103, 1 55. 3 20, 512, 80. 9413. cinnclays 843, 240, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Littes)-7 12, 7 17, 8 31, 95.1024, 120. 12 17, 1 5,2 15, 40, 6 13. 70, 0, 894, 10 25 10 46.11 39 43.5 30. 90, 946,955, 1125. 2 20, 2 39. 7 1. 8 0, 9 18,10 18, Sundays 1003. csaturdays ouly3. a23E:;elpo: 9 Mso7.7oy4eox,celplt3b, Saturdays. kL Lonaon . 9" N. -3.08' a 120. 1 50.3 2U,5 2), LI 33. uuthys 30, 10 L 5, 45, 11 35, a eXCeptea. 01.)114/AVa ()thy. ahly,outdaaju (51iillan0)-6 1, 8 46. 9 59. 1139, 12 55, o, 5, 11 53 suudays 11 45 a.mo 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20.7 22, 80, 90.9 58, 1049, 12 36, 1 14, a 2 22, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613. 78. a 7 45. 913. Sundays 8 si), 38, 812. aSaturdays only. Manchester (L. a 2 50,83 10' lA 45,5 45. 7 10, 8 10 25, 8 35, 919. 10 40, 12 14. 1 15. 2 O. 3 30, 4 21. 520. 625 17, 9 2. 1930. Sundays 3 10. 4 55.7 40, 843 a.m.,5 Jrll. High/ Level Plattot in. a Mondays only 4147,0 8 8 60 :. F .d2:l,a y. s:tr (From e ept.e 9. 51a a. Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-_6 20 9 55. 10 464 1 11 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5 9 10. 11 40 61 iftdallyss.l 884657;3 5. 810, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. "dant:nester (Chestil, e Lii, es)-7 39, 8 46, 9 lb, 9 23, 10 15, 1155. 1215. 135, 415. 3 15. 4 25, 615, 6 15,7 15, 8413, 9 15, 10 15, 010 23, 11 33, Saturdays 9 23, 10 15, 35. 3 25, 5 15. 7 18, 855. 9 'co . 9 35, 10 0. aSundays only. b katur days excepted. Mut oi doclr e—w7i c 31.517170 3450„115004.32. 3253.55,4544702. 7 0. 20gandays 10 15 a.m. 1 Newton-le-Wlllows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 10, 8 108 35, 1 9 19,10 20,10 40.10 55,12 14.12 25.1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20,6 25 7 17,9 2, 9 50, 10 30. Sundays 3 103 40. 8 43, am.. 3 35, 50. 60. 7 47,9 14. aMondays only, clMondays excepted, Padgate-7 0, 7 51,8 2,8 4J,10 as, 110,11 23,12 30,1 44.2 40. 3 55.5 28,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 35, Preston-2 37. 529. 545, 710, 835. 955. 11 42, 12 25, X 25, 3 48, 444. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 9 40.09 53. oundays,2 37, 8 43, 335. 6 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38,8 16.9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 £2, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 2 15, 2 58, 4 (), 5 29. 60. 70,80, a 9 30, 810 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 239 8 54.9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSittur- days only. cMondays only. (C.L.c.) 1311eilleld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line —3 55, 10 55, 1255. 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 3 50, 5 15, St.Helens-5 32,7 10,3 10,8 35,10 0,11/ 55,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, 5 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60.9 54 poo3 Brt(Cheshire Lines)-7 IC, 31, a 9 30,11 12, 114, 2600, u6th2 319, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5,3 55, aSatur- days only. Ihelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0. 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 Ma?. 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8.07 45, 9 13. Sundays, 859.3 8, 812. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)—? 56, 95, 11, 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 2 10, 2 63, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 9 10, as 00, blO 20. Sun_ days 90, 9 36, 2 39.9 18, aSaturday excepted, b6liturdays uly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) —7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 320, 5 12,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, '4 40,7 50. Wigan-2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 7 10,8 30, 9 56, 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 1 15 2 25, 3 48,4 44, 5 20. 614, 7 17, 847, 9 53. Sundays , 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 14.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROISI

Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 4 40, 6 44, 229 Sundays 7 53, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 18. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 20, 2 31,822. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 95, 11 35, 2 5 3 40, 550,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45.7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (01idlaud)-6 5, 7 42, 850, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 040 645. 010 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 40, 11 19. 818x- ept Diondays. Blackburn-8 30, 10 48, 1 55, 50, 6 35, 750, Sundays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45, 9 55, 1035, 11 40 120 2 23,3 15,4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, , 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central)-6 5, 7 25, 7 55, 8 25, 8 55, 955. 10 23 1125,1 5.2 5,2 55, 4 10,5 5. 8 15,1010 Sundays? 10,1 15, 4 55 8 40. Bolton--. 5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35,11 15,12 15,2 20, 415,5 10. I 6 55, 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 610, 930 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 840, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 44, 841 Sundays 125 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, '1 40. 8 45, 9 40, 10 12,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 210 0, 3 45,50. 5 5,6 35,7 35, 85, 835. Sundays 232, 4 15, 6 30, 23 a,m 6 55,? 47, 8 0,. p.m. aMondays excepted. 1 Collins Green-6 39,7 16.8 42.109, 11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 5 3 5,4 6, 538 6 23,7 47, 9 16, 1048. Sundays 8 10. a.m., 715. rewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 40. 540, 65, g 5, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 710, 240, 40 9 20. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43.. 2 47, .5 42, 8 42. Sundays 121. a.m, 7 38 p.m. Deby-8 15, 1020, 110, 35, 4 0 445, 75, 83, a 1235 335. Sundays 333, 7 30, 6 18, 650, ,a r 3. aExcept Mondays. Barlestowa-6 58, 7 20, 846, 932, 1013. 1026, 11 31. 12 46, 1 38,1 47,2 13,3 14,5 15,5 42,5 53,6 303 33 8 8 9 20,a12 o.Sula- days 8 34, 9 52, 9 57,10 3, 3 45, 724. aSaturdaye only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 2 12, 327, '1,6 2. 6 54, 8 69. Sundays 8 22. 257. Si. Frodslaarn-7 55, 93. 10 2, 11 27, 232, 47, 5 27, 6 58, 8 27 Sundays 6 59, a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garstou (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 8 12, 90,9 60,10 40, 1048. 1210. 1256. 211. 32, 420. 456. 59, 556, 657, 124 93 . Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 30, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 100, 20, 555. 9S. Sundays 550, 9 5 allondays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 1228.2 41, 441,5 35,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 940, 7 5. Rough Green-6 7,7 45, 815,9 9, 10 3, 1055, 19, 150, 222 316, 430.510 523, 7 11, 7 38,,9 18, . Sundays 837, 920 3 45,4 55,9 4 9 10. Wain and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55, 2 52, 11 20. undays 1059. 653. 8 43. 100. Latchtord-8 13, 8 40. 934 10 2, 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 30,4 22, 15 41. 6 7, 6 49, 749' 942. 1127. Sundays 8'43 2 33, 7 25. a Satur days 0n1y.3.75 8 3 b 5a5710 rd 5711 5 8 elxe, . days e ptseudn 1 0. -1 0 a Liverpool viz Earlestown)2 a 5, 60,8 0.9 20. 11 50 15. 1 30, .3 23, 430,5 5 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40. sMondays only. Via Widnes-6 25.8 20, 95, 9 55, 1230.125.240,335,420 520, 65, 815. 1045. Sundays 7 35,2 10, 7 20, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 30, 6 30, 7 10, 7 40, 8 33, 9 38, 10 20, 10 33. 12 0, 12 35, 1 55, 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 63? 7 35, 50, 840. alo 45. 511 0, Sundays 80, 90, 230, 2 50,4 20, 6 30, 833. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays ex- cepted. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30 100. 12 U. Sundays 10 0 a.m., 445, 100, 120. London (Midland)-5 15. 10 5, 12 10. 20. 40,50, a 9 15 10 0 sundays 9 15, 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 5 832. 9 25, 954, 119. 111, al. 37, 2 5, 250 4 14. 15 33. 5 50, 6 41, 7 41, 933, 1119. Sundays 8 lb, 220, 7 15. aSaturdays only. oSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 45,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 23 12 40,1 5,2 32,3 0.3 45,4 25,515, 7 5, 9 20,10 40,11 Ox• Sundays, 8 0, 830, 9 0, 9 50, a.m.6 0,10 40. From Hxchange.aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 5, 20, 340, b 55, 520, 66. 7 6, 825, 1045. Sunday 46, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)--6 48, 7,20, 830, a 9 5, 935 103 Ll 10 35, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45, 130, 230. 330, 430 4, u 39 6 30, 7 30, 833, j 55, alo 50, 11 0. Sundays, 830 0,9 25, 9 30, 1040, 1 40, 2 02 5, 635, 8 30, aSaturday 47. Itilddlewich -6 8, 1137,242,61. Moore-7 0, 96 11 57, 3 20. a 55, 657. Sundays 8 15,4 ad. Newton-le-Willows -6 55. 730. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29. 109. 10 22 22, 11 52, 12 42,1 0,1 35,3 0,4 7,4 58,5 10,5 35,5 49,627,7 30 15, 9 55. 118, all 47, Sundays 8 30,9 49, 10 0, a.m, 340 1 5, a -...aturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26,9 0, 106, 19. 10, 12, 519, 73, 926. Sundays, BS3. 1123. 231. 912. 10 13. Preston-a 2 11, 5 50, a 6 25, 95. 926. 10 101120, 12 15, 2 46, 3 50, 425. 6 40, 8 10, 9 45, 1047. b'nudays 2 11, 835, 30, 10, 10 46, a Mon Bays excepted. 6 uncorn-8 39, 9 19, 13 15, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440, 5 41, It 956. Sankey (for Penkethl -6 51, 7 55. 8 31, 925 1020. 11 24, 12 36, 1 66, 2 0,2 40, 3 44, 4 35. 5 21,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34 11 50. Saturdays. Sundays 8 49,10 8,3 40,5?, 928. Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-11 0, 150 50, 70. Sundays 815 a.m• 6 b P.m. St. Helens-6 25,7 0, 80. 3 28. 9 13, 955, 1030. 11 IS, 12 5 110, 1 30,1 55,4 45, 525, 6 10,7 0. 90, 10 30,*11 23,. Sundays 751. 935. a.m., 655 95. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord ctree.,) 8 5, 8 50, 10 20, 11 20, 12 60, 1 0, 3 20, 2 50, 3 55, 9 40. Sundays, 90, 210, 80, a aaturdays only. Thelwall 89, 8 36, 9 30. 9 58, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 2 55. 4 18, 85 37, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37. Sundays 8 19, 8 29, 720. °Saturdays onlY. ays excepted. Widnes (L. & N.-VO .>-75, 856, 9a- 1033. 12 16. 12 53, 22. 3 2), 50, 5 55,6 25,8 51,11 54. Sunn, ys 8 14,2 50, 7 5, 11 6. Widnes (Cheshire Lmes) 8 21, 915,10 10 1. 17-1 2 12 2 30, 335, 4 25, 4 37, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16. 758, 9 25. all Saturdays 8 42, 3 33,5 0,910,920. aoa Sundays only. Wigan-2 41. 35. 633, 9 31, 9 52, 100, 11 23, 1 150, 455, 1035. tivadays 241. 3 35, 930, 11 13, p.m.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 „

===== 0002601_18980624_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makertleld, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Whiwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Aslaton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, rrescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.llelens. Southport. and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mall. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— 1 'Tarlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m.„ 12-20, 1-30,

and b p.m.

SUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargravo

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 pan. 6-30 p.m. _

9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. .These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL Boxes— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction— Church-st., aolborne. Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 Pail. 9-30 am Ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.rz... and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.ra.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. 111.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Barlett town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIBS AS FOLLOWS:-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South ....... Frodsham, Holsby, & Lymm Manchester, 5.-Bast Lane %shire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berhuad, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, 0 rms- kirk With & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, Nor.h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- cheater, Bolton. & Chester ...... London and Foreign, South, S.- astern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton „Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ............. ,

ITo I By Callers. Postmen. I 7-0 a.m. .

n a.m. 13-30 „ 10.45 tll-30 „ 1.11-45

11-30 a.m

). 12-0

k 2•15 p.m.

2-lb „ 13-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

3-15 In.

6-45 a.m.

}:, eat ay

===== 0002601_18980624_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIN ER Fill DAY JUNE 24, 1898

...?',,q's. ':•:0',',',..,-•,-; ~ ,:::•-• •fr., -,4.,•';,::t.:;:, • •,.:-D . '4'-`,O 11 -•,,,,,Vil • , ~,. "-Virsk ve,..7. Y?fiilli'';P

1+14.40140 0.44 ,74,„ 171,

4:1:: .-.- ', - , ,;': ~,i•-at, .4.A...;:C7'; :.. / ,;-'• •':/: 4 , 4.. .--- , t y ~ , - - -,,,>e I; / • / -4, ~A. ~.• ,w. / IA • . ' ,•=' -' ~- Ip,;crYi o. .4.------='---- • ::,• „A__ , /

===== 0002601_18980624_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
.. • S 414 . •

RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS, PINS; PENDANTS, NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS; STUDS AND LINKS, SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval. Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cntlozy, post frGo.

Steam Factory:

62 fit 841 LUDGATE HILL, EC; 25, OLD BOND ST., W., 28, ROYAL EXTIIAME, LOBO.

p VitrAV,:-.:...:....:...,,...:... ./N ./s, //N.... •.:.%.-:,.A...,..t,-_,..:•r, 01‘ > ),...- 4 .......- 4 <, • i 1

\/ . ; .

===== 0002601_18980624_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE I; CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

WHICH COMPRISE rfillE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning. The district eovered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a is ge agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal held. THE St. Helens Extzmtner and Preseot Weekly News published Friday afternoon. The district ccinprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. &c. THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after 1 noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district an offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnos Examiner, published Friday after noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemica Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming en important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Lega Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted n all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages, 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examine in dition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
.. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

PREPAID ADVERTISMENTS. One Charge secures insertion oT. the undermentioned Ad - Advertisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINMIS. One Three Six Week Weeks Weeks Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. Bs. ed. Os. 6d. ... Is. 10d. ds. Od. is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. 6s. Od. Is. 6d. ... 3s. Ed. 6s. Od. These charges apply only to the classes of advertisee ment specified below, and are strictly confined to thos which are ordered tor coxsEcuTzva insertioa and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTAIENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps ' received tor a suounts under ss.

Words

VALUABLE DrscovEßY roil THE HAIR. —lf your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR "xEvoni, for it will pnaitively rest.ve, in evcry case, grey or white hair to jib or:ginal Colour. IL frlakes the hag charmingly beautilul, e. ee 1 as ;rooting the growth„ Price Zs. Ed. ter bottle. A art.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra d. tamp.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18980624_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980624_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE

Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every case however long standing. TELOUSANDR OF G ENNITINE TFSTIMON/ LY. 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To he had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Cray's Inn Road, London.W C

PRINTING! PRINTING! THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT. Has an estatlished reputation tor givin7 careful and promW ,ii/sJarnn to the wanta of all Customers and its facilities fur the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it even at " the lowest tender."

JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER' OFFIC'E

UNDERTAKR PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRIN LING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR ALL.

JOHN WALKER S.: CO., PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

===== 0002601_18980624_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
itTINGHAM

===== 0002601_18980624_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLLOWAY'S O T[.

CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, ao.

IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Spvnizis, 23zivra.s, Sonatas, minicl EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
otiftlim's

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18980624_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomac

1, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS Bn&CHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C''ESTS W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18980624_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

N3O.III3I%KXMIT9M

===== 0002601_18980624_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

air 0R,THE1,81:004,13. THE., LIM': CLARKE'S CIRCRAAMED BLOOD MIXTUREI

===== 0002601_18980624_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF THSTIMO

We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Wood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to 58V: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to .ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin sad Blooc Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effect are mary Alone. It is the only real specific tor Gout an Rheuma 40 Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood an bone Thousands of Testimonials. In b ottles 2s. 9a. en ne. u is,of all Chemists. Sent to. 530 r 132 stamps by Pro prletot 1. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG 51PANY. LINCOLN. Beware ot Worthless Imitations. CYCLESI CYCLES 1,-/ For Ladles and Gentlemen, •• ROYAL AJAX are finest value. Carriage Paid.3o per cent cheaper than elsewhere. immense stock. New and secondhand. Easy terms, From 108 Monthly. OLD MACHINES EXCH A NO ED. , 893 Illustrated Jit Frea. Lar9 Cycle 111d1n4 Schoolg THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., 45 EVERTOR-MUD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch 30, ELLIOTT-STREhT, LIVERPOOL. "113 Anfield.

IN,wwwwwkwivkAAAl zk.' Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers c,f-symngton's Edinburgh Coffee Es- , scw;e. Makes ac4in a moment. kiwoiAAAN,

:?.1::„ • (s , 1 ----7,---'. X--,:\ ~1, • ' ~..--46- ...... ~ ' Lists Po'

Jk,• Telephone

===== 0002601_18980624_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mmiIINIMEMII

===== 0002601_18980624_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
nsvglo•".'"

11 • - I 4( 4' I

===== 0002601_18980624_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
; ;

j.

? •

,

I'.'

I

P

I

i' I • ;

41, fr

• f ,

p

It* all

===== 0002601_18980624_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
letter 6 to the fattitor.

A PARENT AND '`OBSERYSR'S" NOMS.

Sir.—Will you kindly allow me a small space hi your valuablu papsr to substantiate the "inspired correspon- dent"of Stockton Heath's statement with reference to the children attending the Church schools with their hair in plaits and also to open the eyes of blind" Observer " for is he a master in Israel and knows not these things ? If not I may tell him that a short time ago my children along with other children were called upon to take part in an entertainment for the benefit of the church or school funds. In consequence of this, I had to make a sacrifice through buying new clothing and other things necessary for the occasion, which Las a member of the lower strata-of society,could not so well afford and in addition to this the children were asked to put their hair in plaits,which they did,and also attended school in the same, others in curling pins and curl papers but nothing was said. Why? I would ask " Observer." It has since so happened that these same children were given a treat and an entertainment by the officials of their own Sunday School, when they were called upon to take their part in the entertainment. To prevent them from breaking a law passed by Parliament they were sent to school, with their hair in plaits, not curl papers. They were ordered at once to take their hair out of plait and to remain in that state during the school hours without being given a brush or comb, and also sent home in that state. What would the Government Inspector have recorded had he appeared on the scene ? again I would ask" Observer" For "Observer's" information I may say that I placed the matter in the hands of the Chairman for the then Parish Council, who afterwards informed me that the curate-in-charge was sorry for what had taken place and that it should not occur again. If Observer is not a married man I say he should get married and probably he may have a parental feeling, it not" inspiration." So without .taking up any more space I will leave the question to your many readers for their judgment as to whether the "inspired correspond- nt" was right or wrong.—Yours Stc., Stockton Heath.

J. H.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL CASE AT DEVONSHIRE ASSIZES.

DAMAGED CLAY AT RUNCORN.

At the Devonshire Assizes at Exeter on Wednesday, before the Lord Chief Justice of England, a case came on for hearing of some local interest. WHITENNY V: PLAYER.—Mr. Bodilly was counsel for the plaintiff, instructed by Messra. T. and J. Hutchings, and Mr. Duke was for defendants, instructed by Messrs. Holman, Birciawood and Co. This was an action for damages for breach of charter party and bill of lading, and for the ship Natela being unable to carry a certain cargo. Counsel for the plaintiff explaiaed that Messr3. Whitenny and Company were clay merchants of Teign- mouth. Devon. Oa the Bth February they contracted with the defendant to send a quantity of alumina clay— which was the most valuable Sound in Devonshire—per the Natala to Ruucorn. It was the defendant's duty to clean the schooner for the reception of the mg°. On arriving at Runcorn it was found that the whole of the clay had become impregnated with pieces of coal, which rendered it in an unmarketable condition. It wa3 also damp: Evidence was givm by Mr. George Henry Jarvis, ship- broker, Teignmouth, and Mr. Michael Riley, weighman in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal at Runcorn and Mr. David Henry Dunning, agent at Runcorn for the plaintiff's forwarding agents. Tne last two witnesses both stated that they saw small pieces of coal in the clay. Mr. Dunning added that in consequence of his not re- ceiving a clean bill from the Canal Company he refused to pay the freight. The Captain came to him and ad- mitted that some coal did fall into the clay during the voyage, but that he believed they had taken it all out The wharf stockman in the employment of the Man- chester Ship Canal Cempany (A. Hays) produced a sample of the pieces of coal, which he picked out of the Clay when it was in a heap on Runcorn Quay. Mr. George Leeson, J.P„ managing director of the Minton, Limited, potters, of Scoke-on-Trent,who had 47 years' experieece, said that bits of cell and coal slack were found in the clay in lacient quantity to render it uselese for the best pottery work, aleheugh it might be asked for an inferior kind of pottery. The Lord Chief Justice : What difference in Tahiti per ton would the presenee of coal make ? Witness said the clay with the coal which he saw at Runcorn, the subject of the present action, was worth about 103. per ton,and if it had been free from coal it would have been worth 16i. or 17s. per ton. Cross-examined by Mr. Duke: In clay purchased from Minton's bits of coal sometimes appeared. He knew that lignite was commonly found in the clay in question,but that could be eliminated, whereas bits of coal, owing to its brittle nature and its readiness to break into fine par- ticles could not be. His Lordship: This gentleman reduces the damages considerably i.e., to 51. or 63. a ton. Mr. Duke : It is so, assuming that the whole parcel was damaged. His Lordship That would make the damages for the entire quantity £BO or £7O. Mr.Ed w ard Grestbutce .President of the North Stafford shire7Chamber of Commerce, and agent for the plaintiff for the sale of the clay in the Potteries, said that in con- sequence of the presence of the coal the value of the clay was reduced from 17s. a ton to 103. Cross-examined : The clay was offered at public auction at Ruacern, and witness, who was the only bidder, bought it at 103. a ton for the benefit of all parties concerned. Mr. Duke, for the defendant, said the ship hod a Stormy passaee, and a few bits of coal from a ledge -Olden had been overlooked in the cleaning fell into the- clay His client was prepared to pay what was reason. able damages. He considered that that could lee met by an allowance of is. per ton,on what would be an equi- valent of the cost of sifting the coal from the clay. For the defence Messrs. F. J. Mellen, Henry William and William McGill, employed on the schooner, deposed that the clay was only slightly impregaated with coal. Mr. Lucas, senior member of the firm of Messrs. Lucas and Son, clay merchants, of Berslem, stated that he con- sidered that the depreciation in the value of the clay by the permeation of the coal was only Is. per ton. If there had been more coal mixed with it the depreciation would have been mere. A verdict was given for the plaintiff's Company with £5O damages.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS 1 BARGAINS A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THB FACTOR TO THE PURCHASER, AT THB NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 401 BUTTERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON. RETAIL QUANTITIES CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LARGE STOCK OF BOYS AND MEN'S SHIRTS AND SHIRTINGS, GRANDRILLS, &c.

ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES. A LARGE VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING, Itn., do. NOTE PRICES. BOYS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS ~ „ Old. BOY'S UNION SHIRTS ..• UM. MEN'S UNION SHIRTS ... ~ 2s.

WOMBN'S APRONS ... ... ... ..• ~ 2d. SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY!

To every purchaser of one of our Celebrated Oxford Shirts, wkich we are selling at the marvellously IoW Price' of is. 10d. and 25., will be given, entirely free of cost, yard of the same material.

THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT.

Compare our prices with so caned " Sale " or " Bankrupt Stock' prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT

CORNS' NEW DRAPERY

WAREHOUSE, ZIiTTERNIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

MUSIC.

BUY YOUR PIANOS a at t VAADDsSwV rot% 3 MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWOUTHS MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH s GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at wADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MELODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at WADoWORTIro STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADSWORTH's . CASH ORt HIRE SYSTEM: BEST TEEMS. .Iro4lolow the address : OPPOSITE H E PARK, WARRINGTON

EARLF.STOWN AND NEWTON.

POLICE Casgs.

At the Earlestown-P-o—dna-Sin before Mr. C. B. F. Barron, on Monday morning, Elizabeth Bevan, of no fixed address, was charged with being drank in Market-street, Earlestown, at 7 o'clock on Satur- day night. PC. Coombe proved the case and she was fined 2s. 61. and costs.—John Leonard, collier, of Newton Common for being drunk in bridge-st., on Saturday night was fined ss. and costa. NEWTON FANCIERS' ASSOCIATION.

A meeting has been held at the Town Hall, NOW.- ton, for the purpose of forming a Fanciers' Associa- tion for Newton. Mr. J. H. Randall presided and was appointed chairman of the society. Mr. H. Tar- buck was appointed secretary, Mr.H. Hibbert, jun., treasurer. and the following as i committee: Messrs. With], Dickens, Sharpe and Harrison. The society will be called)" The Newton-le-Willows Fancier's Association."

-17 -""..77: .

===== 0002601_18980624_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Friday night an old man named John War- field, 81 years of age, of 11, Princes-street, E tries- town, was knocked down by a bicycle, and sus- tained a fractured thigh. A lad named Thomas Judge, 16 years ot age was riding a bicycle dowa Earle-street, when be saw the old man crossing the street in the direction of the Viaduct Hotel. He shouted and the old man hesitated as if uncertain which way to go, and as Judge was too close to avoid him, he ran into him and knocked him over. Warfield was removed to Warrington Infirmary, where he at present remains, and is progressing satisfactorily. HOPE OF EARLESTJWN LODGE. 1.0.G.T. This society of Good Templars held a grand meet- ing in the Co-operative Hall,on Monday evening, C. T. Bro. J. Taylor presiding. Bro. G. Clarke was re- ceived with the heartiest congratulations back to Ithe Order after his long and painful illness. A :etter from the South Wales distress fund was read,asking for help, and a sum was granted with other contri- butions from the members. Bro. R. Newman,S.J.T. who was responsible. then brought forth his pro- gramme, entitled "The Shakesperian Round Game," and with songs, recitations, pianoforte selections, and quartettes rendered by visitors from the "Great Heart " Lodge,Sn. Helens, a pleasant and enjoyable evening was indulged in.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
nc-Nic FRox TIIN VULCAN.

On Saturday- the tnachinemen and turners em- ployed at the Vulcan Foundry had their annual pic nic, the destination this year being Hawarden. Leaving Newton-le-Willows by the 16.9 a.m, train in reserved carriage,the party numbering 20 reached Chester about eleven o'clock, where they were met at the Albion Hotel by a wagonette and proceeded on their journey to Hawarden. On the way they called at Broughton Hall, where the party obtained some of the fine roses grown there. The Glynne Arms, Hawarden was reached about 1.15, where lunch was partaken of. Afterwards the party strolled through the Castle grounds, the park keeper explaining the most interesting points, chiefly the old Castle which is said to be 700 years old, and from the top of which a view of Eaton Hall and New Brighton Tower could be obtained. Leaving the grounds dinner was partaken of at the Glynn° Arms, after which a visit was paid to Howarden Church in order to see the new stained glass window which has been recently fixed, in memory of the deceased Statesman. The return from Hawarden was made about 6 o'clock, a halt being made at the City Arras, Sultney, where some harmony was indulged in, and Chester was reached about 7.15, and the remainder of the time was spent at the Buwling Green Hotel, where in addition to a game of bowls, songs were given by Messrs. It. Smith, H. Williams, J. Smith, J. Sweetlove, W. Blower, J. Jones and S. Hyde. A hearty vote ot thanks was accorded Mr. R. Smith and Mr. J. Boyer, on the motion of Mr. J. Singleton, seconded by Mr. E. Jones for the excellent arrang,3ments made. Chester was lett at 8.35 and Earlestown LeaChed about 10 o'clock after a most enjoyable outing.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

ST. HELENS WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. Miss M. A. Ho w ard , secretary. and Mrs. W.Seath, treasurer,of the St. Relens Women's Liberal Association, have been elected delegates to attend the annual coun- cil meetings of the Womea's Liberal Federation held in London this week. ME OPEN-AIR FETE AT ST. EIELENS. . . .

The op-n-air fete in aid of the funds ot St. Thomas of Canterbury Mission Chaps!, Denton's•green, St. Helens, terminated on Saturday night. It is understood that the total sales during the four days upon which the bazaar was open amounted to about £l,OOO. VOLUNTEER CHURCH PARADE AT Sr. HELENS. The annual church parade in connection with the 2nd , Lancashire Engineer Yohnteen tOok plitr; at St, helsql on Sunday afternoon, wh.n ab;ut 363 rank and filo at- tended a special service at the Faris') Church. The officers present were Colonel Pendlebury,Major Murray,Captain land Adjutant Tunton, Captains Hayes, Tabenner,Frazn Sayce, Brewis, and Saalo ; Lieutenants Glover, Op- penteim, and Brown ; Surgeon-Captain Jackson, and sergeant-Msior liannaford. The sermon was preal'zat by the Rev. J. W. Willick, victr,and Major Murray read the lessons. ST. HELENS RECREATION FOOTBALL CLUB. The annual meeting of the St. Helens Recreation Foot- ball Club was held at Pilkington's School. St. Helens. on Saturday night, Mr. Job Preston occupying the chair. There was a large attendance of members.—Mr. A. R. Pilkington was elected president. meesrs. W. R. Thump. 500,J. H. Dickenson,and W. B. Henrnann vice-presidents Mr. J. C. Procter secretary, in succession to Mr. w. Elli- son. Mr. Albert Smith, fiaanbial secretary, and Messrs. George Holt. Joseph Seddon, E. Robinson, T. Holden (sheet works). Job Preston, W. Ellison (plate works), .1. Davies, and W. Atoned (collieries) were selected as the committee. The appointment of officials of the team was left over to a future meeting. _ _ COLLIERY ACCIDENTS AT Sr. HELENS. ' • -

An elleil;;;;;;ied—na--a;;;;;e—d- George Les met with a shocking accident early on Tuesday morning whilst working at Flavanah Colliery,Parr. St. Flelens,belonging to Messrs. Richard Evans and C 4. It appears that whilst at work at the pit a fall of roof occurred which partially buried him. When extricated it was found. that his leg was broken, and his body was badly injured, He was at once taken to the hlaydock Cottage Hospital where Dr. Hayward attended to his injuries.—Between nine and ten o'clock on Tuesday morning John Bate, a married man, working at the Collins Green Colliery, was en,gaged drilling a hole, when a explo,ioa occurred, witb the result that his eyes were almost blown out, and his face badly injured. Assistance was at once rendered by his fellow-workmen, who removed him to ha Provi- dence Hospital, St- Helens. where Dr. Jackson attended him. ALLEGED CRIMINAL OFFENCE AT ST. SELENE. Hubert Johnson, a private in the Ist Manchester Regi- ment, was charged at St. Helens on Saturday under the Criminal Law Amendment Act with an offence against Sarah Ann Kerry, a girl of fifteen years.—Mr. H. L. Riley appeared for the defence, and Captain Silverthorne, of prisoner's regiment, was also present.—Chief Con- stable Wood conducted the case for the prosecution. He said that the girl and her father came to St. Helens from Nottingham about four years ago. Eighteen months ago they went to live with a Mrs. Ecttersley at 59, Brook- street. Mrs. Eakersley was prisoner's mother. The offences alleged against prisoner were committed at various periods during the past three months. The girl bad to he taken to the Workhouse Hospital. While in custody prisoner made a statement to the effect that the girl was very forward. Prisoner wzs arrested at Ashton- under-Lyne by Daective-sergeant Strl . ng, —Johnaon was committed to the assizes, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
JUMBLE SALE AT ASTON-BY-SUTTON.

On Tuesday afternoon, a most successful jumble sale was held in Aston Hall, (kindly lent by Squire Talbot for the occasion) in aid of the church at Aston. Although the weather was anything but favourable a good num- ber of people attended the sale, and the large ronm,when the goods were set out presented quite a busy appear- ance.liirs.Wray, Halton,declared ti s sale open, and said she thought it was quite wonderful, the improvements that had taken place during the last few years, and if the sale was the SUCCeBO they all hoped it would be the church was to be still further beautified. There was one thing in Aston to which she thought as a parish they had much cause to be thankful for, and that was the deep interest that the Squire and his wife took in parochial matters. She always thought it a pity that the laity did not realism more fully how much the suc- cess of a parish generally depended upon them ; for a clergyman, however earnest and hardvrcrking he might be, could not accomplish very much alone. The following ladies rendered valuable assistance in furthering the work of the sale : Mesdames Talbot, Dunn, Bate, Stormont, and Carruthers, and the Misses Linaker (2), Bate, Davies. Osborne,and Talbot.—Alraost the whole of the goods cffered were diposed of and a substantial sum realised towards the funds for deco- rating and cleaning the walls of the church.

SOFT, WHITE HANDS IN A SINGLE NIGHT.— Bathe and soak the hands on retiring in strong, hot creamy lather of CIITICTIRA SOAP. Dry them thorougl:dy, and anoint freely with CUTICURA, greatest of eMullient skin ewes. Wear,during rhe loose kid glovf S. with the finger ends cut off and air holes in the palms. For red, rough, chapped and discoloured bands. dry, flaj Mired, itching, feverish palms, shapeless nails with pain. fail eager ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE. FRIDAY, TUNE 24, 148.

SHOCKING FA.TALITY AT TIAYDOCK.

A PITBROW GIRL KILLED..

Elizabeth R)wley. aged twenty-three, a single woman, residing at Cipper House row. Blackbrook, Haydock, was shockingly injured and killed on Saturday at the Princess Pit, Haydock,one of Messrs. R. Evans and Co.'s collieries. Deceased was a pitbrow girl, and worked in connection with the coalscreens. S.aortly after eleven o'clock she came from under the screens and walk.ld out on to the main line cf the colliery railway. She unfor- tunately, failed to notice five v:aggnas that were coming along the line, by which she was knocked down and killed on the spot. Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy-coroner, on Tuesday held an inquest at the Waggon Hotel, Ilavdock, on the body of Elizabeth Row ley,a coal waggon trimmer at the Princess Pit, Haydock, belonging to Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., who was killed at the colliery on Saturday morn- ing. Mr. Hall (her Majesty's inspector of mines), Mr. John Robinson (colliery manager),and Mr. Latham (Sur- face manager) were present at the inquiry. James Macdonald, fourteen years of age, of Ashton-in- , Makerfield, lain that abut a quarter-past ten on Satur- day morning last he was on the ji..ger, when he saw deceased leave the screens. Sue walkel on up the middle of the main line for about thirty-six yards. He saw the engine behind her with nine empty wa.,g.rons, and called out" Elizabeth "once. She took no notice. He then saw the waggon knock her down. When he first saw her the waggons were forty yards away.

In reply to Mr. Hall, witness said the girls very often went for" pop." As the engine went by him it was no; whistling. The waggons were going pretty fast. He tried to attract the attention of the deceased, but not that of the driver, as he could not. Thomas Pimblett, braliesman, of Chinch-road, flay- dock, said he was between the first and second waggons on the buff-Ts on the left side. He was looking in front of him. There was about ten yards in front of him that he could not see. He did not see the deceased until he felt the waggons shake, and then he saw her beneath him with her head on the outside the line and her legs on the inside. She was dead. He whistled to the delver to stop. About five waggensand the first pair of wheels of the sixth waggon had passed over her. He thought deceased must have crossed in front of the waggons, be- cause he did not see her before. James Smith, engine-driver, said be was in charge of the train on Saturday, He received the signal from the brakesman Pimblett, and proceeded down the line a: about eight or nine miles an hour. He was looking o t over the left side of the engine, and the fireman over the right. He did not know why the brakesman, who was on this second waggon, could no; see the girl in front, particularly if she had proceeded for thirty-six yards, according to the lad Macdonald's statement. Mr. Hall said he had visited the scene of the accident, and if they had been looking out there would have been no difficulty in seeing the deceased. He did not think that the brakesman had been looking out, as he ought to have been. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death,"and presented that they desired to urge the importance of kesm en keeping a good lookout.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
T H MYSTERIOUS -DEATtI OF A ST.

HELENS POSTMAN.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inqnest on Saturday,at S. Helene Town Hall, on the body of Chas. Henry Robinson, postman, aged twenty-seven years, of 22, Queen-street, whose body was found in a leservoir at Sutton. St. Helens, on Friday afternoon. Robinson disappeared en Friday evening. the 10:h inst., and no- thing more was heard about bin until Friday. De- ceased's pipe was found floating in the water on Thurs- day. Deceased's brother, who lived at Houghton-stree.t, Rainhill, said that Robinson was always cheerful and jovial. Three weeks ago he saw him in bed,wben suffer in from influenza.—John Randle, of 31, Waterdale- crescent, gardener to Alderman Sinclair, of Waterdale, said that on Friday week he saw deceased in the Red Lion Hotel, Robin's-lane, and spcke to him. Deceased slid he was going to Church- road, and came along the road with him. D-ceased was rerfectly sober and sensible.—Sergesnt Jackson spoke to finding the body in the water on Fri- day. The reservoir, was enclosed on all sides by a high wall. A footpath was carried over the Ceate3 of the reservoir, but it wee boarded up by high boards on each side. Deceased's watch had stopped at two minutes past eleven; and there was us 10J. in coin in his pockets. ' —John Bay, head postman at the S. Helens office gave , deceased a splendid character, and said he: was always of a very chi erful disposition. He was in comfortable circumstances, having had some money left him A week or two ago deceased, after resuming work,was taken ill in Peasley Cross, and complained that some- thing was the matter with his leg. Dr. Chaloner saw him,and bandaged the leg.—Sergeant Jackson,in answer to the Foreman of the jury, said it was possible for de- ceased to have been put over the wall into the reservoir, but he did not thiuk it probable.—The ;Coroner said it was certainly very mysterious how deceased got into the reservoir. The evidence was that deceased was ef a cheerful temperament,but they could not always judge by tnat. Dr. Chaloner had told luspector Steel that when he examined Robinson's leg he c iuld find nothing the matter with it, and he put the bandage on simply to satisfy the man. Roth u.zht at the time that Robinson was sufferins, from 80a13 delusion.—The jury retoro2d I.;n open verdict.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON R-URAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

At a meeting of the above on Wednesday at the Bewsey-street Chambers with Mr. J. Ball (in the Crt air) the following were present Messrs. Henry Thornton, J. W. Knowles, A. Bro3ks, Thomas Hal. ton, It, Forshaw, with F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances) William Owen (surveyor), J. C. Sutton (clerk) and Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health)

===== 0002601_18980624_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
BURTONWOOE SEWERAGE.

- The Suavayba reported that all openings of any hind by which sewage could get to Brook-lane had been fill3d in and that the new pumps were fixed and in working order. 13v actual experiment he had ascertained what amount of sewage was running from the village. At five o'clock p.m.,en Wednesday the 5:6 May the sewage was turned into an empty tank.lt ran until 8-25 p.m.on Sunday the 29th May before filling the tank,which holds 17.325 gallons. The sewage had therefore run at the rate of 173 gallons per hour and as there are 163 houses in cornrction with the sewers the amount from each house was 251 gallons per day of 24 hours.

FINANCIAL. Tho CLERIC reported that there was a balance of £4ll 5d.. in favour of the general account, and £1,046 in favour of tho Burtonwood loan account.

RE•APPODFIXENT OF D. SMITON. The CIARX read a letter received from the Lanai Government 11(.ard, sanctioning the re-appointmmt Dr. Sephton as medical officer of heilth from June 25th 1893 to June 24th, 1899.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr. SF:F.III'ON reported that there bad been 32 births and 10 deaths daring the month. The excess Of births over deaths was 22. Tqe death rate from all causes was equal to 11 5 per 1,000 against 131 the average of the last three months and against 111 the corresponding immth of last year. Toe death rate from zymotic diseases was equal to 143 per 1,000 again3!'. nil the average of the last three months, and against nil the corrsspooding month of last year. During the month no infectious diseases had been notified. Since the last meetinq an epidemic of measles occurred at P.idilate- Over 20 cases had been attacked in a few days. Ete therefore thought it better to dose the school; for a fort- night and the result had been satisfactory. The report was adopted.

INSPECTOR'S REPORT. The report of the Inspector of Nuisances was res d and adopted. Mr. KNOW LES : The smell along the Winwick-road is most offensive and there is no reason why one Passing along it should be subjected to it. On the left close by the bridge the smell is sornothing horrible. I think Mr. Ball will bear me out. The next place one comes to is the Corporation Works. If it had been us there would have been a row. My proposal is that the Inspsctor pay frequent visits there. He should keep a diary, and at I the end of a couple of months if it is still a nuisance, we should communicate with the County Council. and the isvluma Board and see what they will do. I Dr. SEPRTON : The only thing to do is to see if they turn any solid matter in the sewage and a they do then we have our remedy against them. The CLERK : Where does the sewage go to ?

Dr. SRPIITON Sankey Brook. The CLERK: There is now, I think, a bill before Parliament to extend powers in these matters and if this bill becomes law you will have the power to prevent it. Dr. EPIITON : MI that we can do is to stop them from sendina solid matter in ti, o sewage. Mr. KNOWLES : The inspector bad better take notice about twice a week. Mr. THORNT : But why he take notice when we have his expressed opinion that the smell is offensive and a nuisance and soil youraelf endorse it ? Mr. KNOWLES : We shall have his report each day of all visits and it will he there where we want it. You will be aßt•onisherl Mr. Thornton what a difference the inspector's visits will make. The smell will disappear. The discussion then dropped and the Council rose.

William Fenwick, the driver of the engine which was drawing the train conveying her Majesty from Balmoral, was killed on Tuesday ever.iny, through Etrikina a bridge at Coves near A hordeen. This deceased had mounted the tender to release the communication cord,which had be- come twisted, and his scalp was completely torn Mi. 'rho event as kept secret till tne train had left Perth,where it had stopped for about ten minutes.

WARRINGTON CORN MARKRT. There was a fair quantity offerpig at this market on Wednpaday. New wheat (white) fetched 43 9d to 53 (701 b. te the bushel); red wheat 4s 8d to 4s. lla ; new oats 23 9,1 to 33 Od. Flour best seconds. per 2401 b., 2636 d to 274 61 Bran, 9d per 201 b.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

Owiag to tho weather tno Warrington first team fit- hire were abandoned, in allitim t) many of the local junior clot, eagagerneutii.

I note with deep regret, the death of George Ulyett, which occurred at his residence at Sneffield, on Satur- day, after hiving attended the Kent match earlier in the week. He contracted a chill and pneumonia supervened, which proved fatal. " Happy Jack "as be was styled was a great favourite all over the world where cricket is played. His lose will be felt by many as he was a genial. j )lly tellow.

Mare found Stockton Heath in good form on Satur- day. The hoinesters went in first. England after bat- ting neatly for 10 was b..iwled by Forster. F. Heesom batted in splendid style,but succumbed to a catch after compiling 39 runs. Four m ire wickets fell for eleven and Sc,,ckton Heath closed tivir innings. Eagland and Shaw were put on ro bowl againet the via:tors. Their trundl- ing was so effective that nine wickets were taken tor 27 runs. Time interposing between the visi,ors and &teat as tire was hut one wicket to fall with 43 runs to make to win.

At Wash-lane the Latchford Baptists easily defeeed the Enamanuelites. Wilkinson and Hallam accounted for tne whole of the visicors team for 33 runs. Ltteh- ford eloged tneir inning when gaven wickets had fallen for 49. Hunt batted well for 12 tUU9 (not out).%

The Cheshire Lines 0.0. 2nd team. were entertained on Siturday by thl boys from ail Cat School. There was a n4vel cricket matO ia addition to football and racing. Refreshments were also provided, aud the bind played selections during the afternoon. rue com- mittee are trying to arrange with the committee of the p.,igate fisau‘trial :School to allow tik;im to entertain the boys on July 23rd.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

CycHats are apt to run from one extreme to the other in matters of luorication ; they overdo it and swill the bea-ings with oil wrier) the fit is on, and aZ other time 3 forget all about it and let them ran dry. The latest im- provement should prevent this. It is a lubrication indi- cator which show:, at once when the bearing requires oil. It consists of a small metallic cylinder fixed to the hub in the same way as an ordinary lubricator, but provided with a small hole covered with glass or some such trans- parent material through which the oil is visible,enabling one to ascertain in a moment the amount of lubricant in the cylinder, and So arranged that should the oil riot reach the ball race, it will no; be visible in the indi- cator.

=Tiane are timls when it i 4 —very necessary that the handle-bar should be able to stand a fair amount of twist- in.: strain without the pillar turning in its socket. It may happen chat you inadvertently get your wheels in a ,rut, and a sudden twist of the steering is imperative to lift it out, unless you want to try conclusions with the wagon coining M the opposite direction; or you may be travelling at a fair rate downhill when your front wheel catches astonc., and in the effort to pu:l it straig'at the pillar lzvists in tbe sockets, and over you COMB.

Ai amusing case was heard at the Southwark County Court. the other day. Plaintiff an.l defendant were snop• mates. A few wePks ago the plaintiff announced to de- fenifant his intention of looking, out for a " bike " as he was a " bit queer in health " inci thought a little riding would recruit it. Defendant said he had a " beauty " for sale and eventually plaintiff saw it wad agreed to purchase it for £5.

Plaintiff explained to defealtut Lhat he was "quite a stranger among machines" and that he did not know any more about them than the "man in the moon." He also expressed a hops that defendant, being a shopmate, OUidiflOt "do him one "over the transaction. Dofen- dant replied that he could not think of such a thing, but would rather " do" a stranger—and the machine was in " thorough good working order, and would, with care last two years." Plaintiff said the defendant had promised to teach him to ride but with the exception of two occa- sions, he was always cut when he went for his lessons.

After riding two or three tires the tyres " busted." A bicycle repairer on hearing what he paid for it laughed at him and told him it was not worth a sovereign. Re further said he would be unable to repair it. After a lot of "humming and hawing "defendants son mended it. Two days after it went wrong, but defendant refused to have anything more to do with the thing.

The defendant in the course of a long statement volunteered that the plaintiff had been running the machine without any " hair " in the tyres, and conse- quently the rim had cut them He (defendant) promised to show him how to pump them, and also bow to use the spanner (this with emphasis) "if necessary." That was more than anysne else would have done when selling a second-hand machine. Judgment was given for defend- ant. His Honour- said he could not help peopls who made improvithnt bargains with their eyes wide open.

A very nasty accident happened on Sunday on the Manchester-road near Timorlay to two well-known Liverpool riders, named flarry Hudson, of the Cam. bridge C.C., and Alfred Macferson, of the Gafford C.C., well-known racing cyclists. Whilst riding a tandem, which, by lir, way, was of French make, ttae forks gave way, both riders being thrown very b@avily to the ground, sustaining a suers shaking and being badly bruised,

--- Whilst cmagielin;,, in a scratcn cycle race at Northwich on Saturday, Herbert B. Monck, the well-known and popular member of ths Liverpool Police Athletic Society, met with an accident which necessitated his detention in the Northwich Infirmary. NI mck eatered the straight for the finish with a lig h t lead,but hard pressed by tsvo competitors, and while making the turn he staggered and fell heavily, receiving serious isjuries about the head.

At the Parc dss Princes, Pali., on Sunday, M. Cur- dang, (Holland) succeeded in beating Champion (France) in a mated of fifty kilometf es by nearly hell a mile.

Tom Linton. the Welsh cycliat, on Saturday evening defeated Edouard Taylor, the Frenchman, by SO yards in a thirty mile paced rue at Manhattan, Reach.

RUNNING. At the Bury Police Athletic Festival, held on Saturday, P.O. Robinson, who is employed as a special constable at Messrs. Crosfield and Sons' works, Bank Quay, was successful in gainine a double event. In the first race, over a distance of 220 yards, the competition was res- tricted to members of police forces. Robiason starting from scratch won cleverly, by a yard, in 25 4-ssees, Its the 300 yards open handicap, with an allowance of 17 yards, Robinon gained premier honours by half a yard, in 33 3-5 iecs.—At Huddersfield sports on Saturday the 440 yards was eecured by W. A. Wood. stated to be of Lymm F.C., whose nearest rivals were A. Walsh, Bowl- ing Old-lane ; J, Entwistle. Crossley, and G. H. Dd. Craddock, Cartleford. The young man from Lymrn won by five yards and was promptly objected tj. An inquiry will be made.

ORDER OF DRUIDS FRIENDLY SOCIETY, ARLESTOWN DlSraicT. LODGE FOR BURIONWOOD. A public meeting of the above was held at Mr. George Anders' clubroom. Bridge fun, Burtonwoad, on MendaY evening, in view of opening a new lodge connected with the Order of Druids. P. D.G.M. S. Deababbin, of War- rington, took the chair, and said he hoped the meeting might bring more in the Order with which he had been connected for 50 years. Bro. Croskill, D.D.C.S., Said that much good was accomplished by Friendly societies. The organising agent would explain the methods connected with the Order. They had now raised the Accident Compensa- tion from £5O up to £lOO. He could speak of art instance in Warrington when one of their members re- ceived from the Board £4O grant with which he bought an organ. The accident was caused by blindness. Bro. I). Houghton, D.C.S. of Warrington, organising agent, said ha thenked them for the way he had been received, and hoped his efforts wsuld be successful in this district. Their Order was not the largest, but they claimed to do as much good, and they only differed in methods as regarded other societies. The Order of Druids bad been the pioneer of graduation. The tables of contributions the sociey presented before them that night were not put betere them to catch members, but were presented for guidancs• The Order had adopted equalisation. They all knew the benefits de- rived by he adoption. The bensfite of the Accident Compensation were not so well known throughout the Order as they should be. They now made grants to members who might through loss of sight, lirnb,or other serious accident be permanently disabled from £5O to £lOO according to the nature of the accident. They were also not debarred from sick and funerel benefit when due. These grants would enable any member to start in some business. Where was there an Insurance cempany which week! offer £lOO for 41 per year ? Nothing succeeded like succeis. What was required to bring about a succasiul result in the lodges was more ineividual eliere The work of lodges was in most cases left to a few to perform, the majority sending their con- trihutions. That was not what it should be. Every member had a duty to psrform and had a right to take part in the work of the Lodge. Bro. J. F. 'Webers moved a vets of thanks for the address. which was seconded and carried unanimously. It was deci•.'ed to open the lodge this (Friday) evenine at the Bridge Inn, wlh-n it was expected that about 20 raembeza would he initiated.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCENE AT WEST-ON.

CHARGE OF ASSAULT AGAINST THE

POLICE.

A VIOLENT PRISONER.

On Monday, at the Police Court, Runcorn, before Messrs. E. Sakman and A. B. Norman, county magis- trat,s. Harry Chailes Melyneux, was charged on bail with using obscene and profane language at Weston on the 16th t f June,and further with assaulting P.C. Morris at the same time and place, whilst in the execution of his duty.—There was ake a counter-summons for assault taken out against P.C. Morris.—Both defendants pleaded not guilty. Mr. Joseph Burton, solicitor, Runcorn, appeared for Molyneux. and Mr. Briggs, Sc.ockport, appeared for the police.—The deputy -chief constable of the county was also present. Mr. Briggs opened the cases, and said he would ask their worohips indulgence as he intended laying before them the whole facts of the case. It app.ated that cn the 16th June—(last Thursday )—about 6.30 the defen- dant Molyneux ss his wife playing with a neighbour. For some reason known best to himself—

Mr. Burton : I objnt ; it has nothing to do with the cap.

Mr. Briggs : lam not going to say what this man did.

Mr. Burton : It is prejudicial to the case. The Magistrates' Clerk (Mr. Ashton) said tie took it that both cases were to be takeu as one, and that Mr. Beiges was relevant as his statement bore upon the question of obscene language. Mr. Briggs,continuing, said afolyneux for some reason best known to himself jumped the wall, and used filthy language [ewer& his wife, which was heard by Mrs, Barron. Now it was not an offence against the officer, but against the public, and it did not matter whether the officer beard that language or not. The bye.law said nothing about the officer be- ing obliged to hear it. Having finished with Mrs. Harrup he went away again. Information of the row was con- veyed to the officer ; and he naturally went off in its direction; and meeting Molyneux asked what was the matter. Whereupon the defendant used most profane language and became very violent. Morris asked him to go quietly but he would not. The constable then put his hand upon the defendant, who in turn struck him several times upon the chest, after which the constable closed with him. The defendant then promised to go quietly, but before they had gone far the defendant msde a second attempt and tried to get possession of the (:ere stick. They closed again and whilst on the floor Molyneux put his hand into the officer's pocket and tried to take out his staff. Thee, and not till then, did the constable strike the de- fendant; and then he struck him upon the arm so as to make him loose the truncheon. Then again when about 300 yards from the Quarry Hotel, Molyneux once more tried to get loon; the constable was pushed against the wall,which was a low one, and both officer and prisoner fell over into the field on the other side, Molyneux be. ing on top. Just then another officer appeared (P.C. Wylie) and with his assistance the defendant was hand- cuffed, and eventually brought to Runcorn. The first witness he would call was Mrs. Bertha Harrop, Quarry Bank, Wesson. She de- po,ed to seeing th 3 beginning of the affair. She was standing in the yard with defendant's wife and a little child. Molyneux jumped the wall and struck his wife and called both ili3 wife and her foul names. Be was shouting it our; after that he went into the front and used bad language ag tin for about half an hour or so. There was a lot of people corning from the fête and they must hive heard the language. By Mr. Burton : Defendant's wife had not been long in the house, acd only called to tell her she was going to Runcorn. Is was not true that the defendant's wife had bsem drinking in the house, and Molyneux did not COme to fetch his wife for that reaeen.

By Mr. Briggs : She was only playing with the little girl. The defendant Caine back to the yard a second tin l and took his coat of.

_ Mr. James Collier, QuArry Bank, Weston, testified to seeing the defendant in Mr. ,Harrop's front garden ; he pulled his coat off and seenieti very excited. He was cur- sing Harrop, and his wife. Hews about 29 yards away Mr, heard him.

By Mr.-B-uTt.o.n : With regard to the house of Mn. Hamm, he could not speak of Lis knowledge as to its reputation, but he had heard that the house bore no good one. By Mr. Briggs : He was speaking of what he did not know ; he had only heard the house was a bad one. Police Constable Morris, stationed at Weston, said on the 16:h June he was on duty in the vicinity of the fer,i3 and fair when he was brought word of a row. He went and met Molyneux an asked him what the matter was. Molyneux was in company with John Lightfoot, and he replied" What the b---- h-- has it to do with you." He also cursed his wife and Mrs. Herron. Witness ad- vised him to go home quietly but he would not. Morris then put his hand upon his shoulder, and defendant struck him several times with his clenched fist, in the chest. They closed. Afterwards they struggled for possession of witness's stick, and in the melee defendant put his hand into witness's pocket and caught at his staff drawing it out and ripping the pocket in doing so. Witness then struck him with his stick and made him release the staff but left the strap which broke off in his hand. He ( witness) thought that the defendant tried to get possesion of his staff so as to strike him with it. Prisoner thee said he would cotao quietly if he did not handcuff him. He proceeded quietiy until nearly 200 yards from the round house. Ttil defendant's mother- in-law appeared and asked witnes; to let him go. He would not, so she" egged him on" and called for assist- amee. They struggled again and he was pushed over a low w ill with Molyneux on top of him. P.C. Wylie tbea appeared on Us. scene, and the prisoner was even- tually secured. P.C. Wylie handcuffed him. Cross-examined by Mr. Burton: Witness did not strike Molyneux at all except when he did so to get possession of his staff, which the defendant had drawn from his pocket. He had struck Molyneux on a previous occa- sion an Good Friday. He remembered seeing a man neaindeid n d Nootrktnicuk prisoner but did not hear him say anything; b in the stomach. He got hold of the man's collar but did not pull his scarf until he was black in the face. There was no blood spilt on either side, save a few scratches upon witness's hands got by struggling for the stick. Be did not thiak he had been at all handy with his stick, and did not use it on Goad Friday last ; on that occasion he struck defendant with his fists. He considered that Molyneux was just re- covering from a drunken spree for be smelled strongly of liquor, and acted the same as a madman. Maria Dumbabin, landlady of the Quarry Hotel, said she saw the constable come up to Molyneux,when with- out any apparent cause the latter struck the constable in the chest. They closed and had a scuffle. She then saw them come up the toad, and another ecuffie took place and Molyneux pushed the constable over the wall, and both fell into the field the other side, and lay-there until another officer came up and pulled Molyneux off. 18he would swear that prisoner commenced the bother. --Cross-examined : She was at the door and the affair commented down the road about 200 yards from the house. She had not spoken to the officer. Police-Constable Wylie, deposed to coming upon the scene and assisting Morris. He dragged Molyneux off the officer and had to pin him to the wall because he was so violent. They handcuffed him. The crowd was hooting, and generally inclined to favour the man. Molyneux decidedly smelled of This concluded the case for the police, and for the de- fence and in support of the counter-summons, Mr. Bar- ton, called Harry Charles Molyneux, Cheshire-lane, Weston, denied the foregoing in toto. When he mot the officer, Morris asked him "what was the matter" and he replied "nothing that I know, of" whereupon the officer at once began to probe him in the stomach with his stick. He did say that his wife had caused a bother and if he saw the b—he would give her some mere," The officer struck him and he! only grappled for the stick and ifis los ttreraosourf ftner to last hart asui pest ncolt struck hokbedne yet neverf Morris.ntehnoecr e pb. struckue at dt hliwwi esiatt dshhhi eadn his niifidt so stnetthriae:hbki lei u,sr ttsaphttnohedeetk i tome staffffit re. ec haeo Fteruerth badttoaoemdddf to kick his stomach out. Those were the wards the officer used.

-- Cross-examined by Mr. Briggs : He wentover the wall to Mrs. Harrop's yard, and caught his wife by the hair and pulled her about, .and he would admit calling his wife and Mrs. Harrop foul names. He was not a violent man' but had been convicted twice before for being drunk and disorderly. It was not P.C. Morris that had the case against him on the last occasion. John Lightfoot, Cheshire-lane, corroborated and added that tie was with the last witness when the officer came up to thsm. Molyneux was carrying two bundles of cloth eg under his arms. In cross•examination he said he could give no reason why the constable si.ould hit Molyneux upon the head and probe him in the stomach as he did do unless it was spite. A crowd was soon attracted there and he would think there was about 100 people round about. Moly- neux,neither kicked.struck,or did anything to the officer he only tried to prevent the cfficer hurting him. Guy Pierce, Heath-road, Weston, said he was in his house and heard a noise and en going out saw both the ' men struggling for Morris's stick. Morris had hold of defendant by the throat,and his stick was in the other hand. They strugg,ed for some time and fell. Morris then struck Molyneux with his fist in the ribs. Witness saw Morris try to kick Mc-Apneas. It was a solid blow over the head on to the shoulder that Morris afterwards administered with the stick. D4endant (Molynoux) said " let me go and I will go quiet," but the officer woull not let him go. Cross-examined • He was in the house in the front room upsr airs and did not see the struggle commence. It oce.nrred to him that Molyneux was trying to prevent the officer from striking him, and not that the man was trying to get away from the officer. He could not say what made him think so. Molyneux never struck back• at all.. He had not spoken to Molyneux since.

William Norton said he saw the officer kick the prisoner twice. The officer was on his feet at the time. The first time he missed him, and the second time he kicked bim in the stomach. Witness said" You are

wrong to abuse the man " and advised Molyneux to go quietly. Molyneux replied "He woe't let me." He believed that the prisoner would have gone quietly if he had been lett to do so, Mlyneux never struck the policeman at all, and behaved qdite quietly. He saw the officer with the strap of ths staff in his hand, but did not know how it got there. lie saw all that took pla:e but never saw the prisoner with the staff at all.

Cross-examined by M. Brigs : Tha men were in the entry when he saw them, and there was big crowd of people there. He had been Hi years in Weston and knew Molyneux very well, but had never been in the man's company at all save meeting him occasionally in the streets. Molyneux nevet attempted to kick back or retaliate in any way. Prisoior did put his band into the officer's pockets and take hold of the s.aff, but never drew it.

By Mr. Burton: The officer had hold of the staff and pulled it out of his pocket himself, but Molyneux also had hold of it.

Mr. Burton said that was his case. True it was that the police had to be protected whilst in the execution of their duty, but they are not to allow themselves to so far lose their temper as to assault people. If the officer had never met the man he would have gone home and there would have been no bother. From the evidence of the witnesses it was evident that from first to last he had never struck the officer at all; and he took it that the offence was committed by the officer himself. With regard to the using uf obscene language, they could see that the prisoner had not made use of anything beyond what he admitted. Everyone of the witnesses were in. dependent and agreed in their evidence, whilst the officer called no one. lie would therefore ask the tench to decide that his client did not commit the offence alleged. Mr. Briggs characterised the whole evidence as un- sound and trumpery, and pointed out several discrep- ancies in the evidence adduced. There was a man who ,en his own evidence had cursed his wife, and caught I her by the hair, and pulled her about; ten leaving her undoubtedly in a passion he went out and assaulted the policeman so it was not so difficult to credit the police- man's story. Then again, with regard to the disagree• ment of the witnesses, one swore that the police officer hit the defendant with a stick and the other than it was with his fists that the offence was committed. Finally he said that it was absurd to conceive that the policeman would probe and kick a man who could give no reason for his doing so, whilst at the same time it was lett to : one of his witnesses to suggest a reasen,and that reason was nothing but" be did it for spite." To the young officer a charge of this kind meant something very serious indeed,if it was proved it meant his professional ruin, so he felt confident that the magistrates would weigh the evidence,and not be induced to put too much credence in the evidence of a number of witnesses who had evidently combined together. They (the magistrates) would know from experience how inuch weight to attach to the oaths of people that were interested parties and he felt certain that the young officer would be cleared. The Bench after a short retirement returned into court, and the chairman said "Harry Charles Molyneux, we fiud you guilty of using obscene lauguage,and impose a fine of 51 and Bi. 61. Costs, or seven days for that offence. —Yoe will also be fined £1 and costs (£2 3s 61) for the assault upon Police-caastable Morris, or one months' imprisonment in default. The sentences run consecutively.-0a the application of dlr. Brigg's advo- cates fee was alto wed.— Die charge against M wris was dismissed.

SWIMMING. WATER POLO. Sr. nELENS V. ED6L-LANE.

This match, which took place at the Lodge-lane Baths Liverpool, on Moody night, resulted in a win for St.' Helens isy 4 goals to 1.

LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.-THIRD

ROUND.

Sr. HELENS THIRD V. WODLTONT FIRST.—This match was decided on Tuesday night at the St. Fleleas Baths. Final result :—St. Helens 3rd, 8 goals ; Wooicon Ist, 1 goal. LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT COMBINATION. _

Sr. HELENS 2ND V. WIGAN i.S-IT.I:TWI:Wl;;;;;jit'lg of these teams took place at the St. Helens Corporation Baths on Tuesday night. ',mat result :—Wigan Ist, 6 goals ; St. Helens 2ad, 3 goals.

WARRINGTON v. MANCHESTER OSBORNE.

. These teams played a friendly match on Tuesday evening at the Corporation Baths, Warrington, before a good number of spectators. Manchester Osborne were the champions of England for 1894-5-6-7. The following were the teams,Warrington: A Robertson goal;S Beaman and Boscow, backs; Furness, half back; W Ashton, A. Ashton, and Hughes, forwards. Manchester Osborne : G Hamblett, goal; E Robinson and J W Shaw, backs ; Prince half back; J U Derbyshire, J Robinson and Sutton, forwards. Prince and Sutton played as substitutes for Osborne. The homesters also were short of two or three of the first team men. War- rington took the shallow end and were first to secure the ball. W. Ashton scored the first goal. Good passing resulted in Derbyshire scoring for the visitors. After some lively work Hughes essayed a shot for goal but was unfortunate. Pressing, tho 03borne team took the ball up to the Warrington end and Derbyshire shot for goal bat the Warrington custodian proved himself equal to the occasion. A little before half time A. Ashton,who was covering Derbyshire placed another goal to the credit of Warrington. On resumption of play, the locals taking the deep end, a slight alteration was made in the disposition of the Warrington team. W. Ashton was placed to cover D,srbyshiro in plue of A. Ashton. Securing the ball by splendid passing, the visitors tock ' it well up, and J. Robinson shot a goal. Derbyshire, backed up by the splendid passing combination of Osborne, now began to make Chinas lively for the War- rington custodian, giving tits ilsaty to do. ' Warrington played well out were forced to play on the defensive. Two of tho visitors forwards rushed the ball to the Warrington posts but failed to score through Illbertson'a smartness. Taking advantage of every opportunity to shoot,though his attempts were repeatedly baulked, Derbyshire again scored. Sutton shortly followed this up by a long shot for goal which scored for Osborne. The Warrington team both individually and collectively played very well but as expected Osborne showed themselves much su- perior by their passing and generally finished style. Re- sult :—Manchester Osborne, 4 goals ; Warrington, 2 goals. 100 YARDS CAMS HANDICAP.—The following is the re- sult of the beats in this handicap which were swum off : Ist heat : Lowe, let ; Farness, 2nd. Second heat : Davies, first; A. Ashton'and Jones tied for 2nd place. 3rd heat : Wright, first ; Graham, second. All these will swim in the final which comes off at a later date.

===== 0002601_18980624_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAII.

INQUEST.—On Wednesday morning an inquest was held at Frodsham on the body of a labourer named Thomas Ashbrook, aged 63,residing at the Quay. From the evidence it appeared that the deceased hung himself either on Monday morning or early on the Sunday night, as when the body was discovered it appeared as if death had occurred some time previously. lie was last seen alive on the Sunday morning. For some time past he had been drinking heayily,and probably committed his rash act whilst suffering from mental derangement. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evid- ence.

PRESENTATI .—Mr. J. Lockett, senior clerk in the goods department at Frodsham Railway station,has been presented with a testimonial on the occasion of his mar- riage, he having been clerk at the station for the past 22 years. The presentation took place in the commercial- room of the Bear's Paw Hotel, and was made by Mr. Lambert, stationmaster, who spoke of the sterling merit of Mr. Lockett in his official capacity, and in handing over the various articles, consisting of a dinner and tea set, sabscribed for by the Railway employee ; and a silver mounted biscuit barrel from Messrs. Joseph Ash- worth and Sons, Frodsham Bridge ; and a purse of gold from the traders using the station ; said that it was the earnest wish of all the subscribers that Mr. Lockett would enjoy many years of happy married life.—Mr. T. Potts, late stationmaster of Frodsham, also endorsed all the previous speaker had said, as he could speak with emphasis, having had 7 years' experience of Mr. Lockett's worth. Mr. Downes Massie (of ttre firm of Messrs. Heywood and Massie. Weaver Cnemicsl Works Frodsham Bridge), and Mr. William Youd, also spoke in felicitous terms of Mr. Lockett, who responded with marked feelings of emotion. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

The usual monthly meeting of the Frodsham Parochial Committee was held last Friday at the Petty Sessional Court House. Mr. Charles E. Linaker, presiding. There, were also present :—Messrs. G. Rodgers, P. Booth, J. nudge, W. E. Shore, G. GI, ave, J. Barrow, J. Hulse, J. Roth well, J. J. Wilkinson, William Youd, with Mr. John Ashton (clerk to the Rural District Council) and Mr. J. Farrington (inspector).—The Inspector again reported upon the alleged nuisance in Church-street, and after discussion it was resolved that he be empowered to enter upon such premises to examine the drains, providing the Railway Company fail to attend to the matter.—An ap- plication from Mr. John L'oyd, of Taryin, for a license for slaughtering cattle on his premises in Church-street, was after some considerable discussion refused.—A tender for the improvement of the drains of houses in Townfield-lane, oYerton, belonging to Mr. Hulse, was accepted for an amount not exceeding £l5. The Chairman reported the result of the meeting of the Fire Appliances Committee. It had been decided that tenders be obtained for the following: 300 yards of 2iin. hose, two 2in single out- let stand pipes,one hydrant key, one ladder to carry 40 feet with the necesiary nozzles and couplings and a cart to carry the hose and ladder.—Mr. Kydd proposed that the report be adopted, but that the committee provide uniforms for the proposed fire bLigad'!.—Con the motion of Mr. W. Yond,however, seconded by Mr. Booth it was decided to adopt the report but do without uniforms.— On Tuesday at the meeting of the Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council at Dutton, the report of the Frodeham Parochial Committee was duly confirmed.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by John Watains & Co The Examiner General Printing Werke, Bewsey-street. and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victoria -road WIDNES; iligh-street, RIIII6OR 32, George.street, S: , HELENS ; and 33 Mar bet-street, liatu.asTol, N.—JUNE 2 18n.

===== 0002601_18980624_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
4 A 4. tions, by all Chemists. ' ' 4 Read FENNINGS' EVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." I e Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. FENNINGS WEST COWES, I.W. 1 I NO. -1002. ONE PENNY PIRIMPLIEs JUNE 24. ... _. . . . , "A , HIGHXST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. WARD OF THE KING." BREWARD AND P GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. CHINA MEW - SHOP AN This is the tido of our New Story which is T. DAINTITH, 45, P to commence publication in Our GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. Columns on WALKING DAY C! ALITI CENTAURSE S I ANTI 1 GUNSBLs. Goo(' FRIDAY, JULY IST. ROVER. SPE____ ANADNDOTHCYECRLMESAKICS WALKING DAY OF CYCLES. 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. WA Milli(' "A WARD OF Tlllt SING" New Business Address,— _ 'BM been written spe2ially for Serial Publication I y KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, unUrFURES. --FOR CURE OF RU q PTURES. LiPECI ' 1-lid T. HOGINGTON'S Improved Effectual MUSS for Cure Author of " Patty," "At the Red Glove," of Rupture; registered I consulting hours 10 till IS. Trust " Maisie Derrick," "A Wilful Lover," slid Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester. "Wild as a Hawk," kfAL. etc. --- ELRCTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING --- IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW, Mrs. KATHARINE MACQUOID is singularly gifted novelist. She has a rare faculty ct arousing the at lowest cost. Catalogues free. -cottons and interesting the most indifferent. Ail may enjoy her stories, and feel benefited by their JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIM" Perusal. 127, STRANGEWAYS, MAW,- -------- (Opposite the Assize 4-4 A SPECIAL TERMS ---- -- 11. WARD OF THE KING" SIMPLY WEAR THE ) Is a Story cf Love and Adventure, and will IMMOVABI'" SCALPV". commence publication in our columns on T. S _ FRIDAY. JULY lsT. •-____ -- tEUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY P' „.. RUNCORN, 99th ANNIVERSARY SEW' V,!ached in St. Paul's Wesleyan Chu,- " ORR alth, 1198. MORNING 10.30. Tr'" by the President at ' REV. W. L ' 4)pro • ts,l„., prate hymns t' 9Ochool Bohol' t,..*Drevent dip. iin!ends ,' iSrlit p VLAD P se d

tlons, by all Chemists. Read FENNINGS' EVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. FENNINGS FVEsT COWES, I.W. 1

"A WARD OF THE KING." This is the title of our New Story which is to commence publication in our columns on FRIDAY, JULY IST. "AWARD OF THE KING" 'Hu been written spe2ially for Serial Publication ly KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of " Patty," At the Red Glove," " Maisie Derrick," " A Wilful Lover," Wild as a Hawk.," kto.. etc. Mrs. KATHARINE MACQUOID Is singularly gifted as a novelist. She has a rare faculty ai arousing the emotions and interesting the most indifferent. Ail may enjoy her stories, and feel benefited by their Perusal. "A WARD OF THE KING" Is a Story of Love and Adventure, and will commence publication in our columns on FRIDAY. JULY IsT.

HIGHXST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. T. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES. ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAXXB OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BRE WARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS, SHOP AND RF.SIDENCE 45, H ORSE MA RK ET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

EUSTANCE AND CO.'S. GREAT SALE OF WATCHES, CLOCKS, PLATE, and JEWELLERY Ii co3tinuel for a FEW WEEKS DURING ALTERATIONS. 43 SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

WALKING DAY WALKING DAY WALKING DAY. SPECIAL SALE FOR WALKING DAY AT L 011 D BROS., PREVIOUS TO ALTERATION OF PREMISES. COMIENCES WEDNESDAY NEXT, JUNE 15TH LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE STF IMT, 'WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSENBSS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN BEI/GOOCH at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, Ao., where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. NB —A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitaty Appli- ances • also a Choice Selection of wall papers and deaora'tions will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

pupTußEs. -- FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. XI, T. HCH/INGTON'S Improved Ilfreotnal TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered I oonsniting hours 10 till IS. Truss tud Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9. farosvenor-street Lore. don-road. Winchester. . _ _ _

ELECTRO-PILATING, GIL DI NG & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW. at lowest !oat. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGRAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANGE S. MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Assize Courts.) SPECIAL TERMS TO THE TRADE.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FINST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. An Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERHARBET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

stm y BEAUTIFUL. WEAR THE) From NATURAL immoveoLs 21. CURLED Prom SCALPETTES FRINGES. 10/6 T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? j. A. C01.3E11013011, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (C..t. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. Wit-DDING AND BIRTB.DAY PRESENTS. ALBO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BISTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRICIAI-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENYINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS. WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63—RENSHA.W-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for prolsate.

TANI 01 CHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE . AND WALTON, CO, LTD. LwonLER,fvOAtHRALLBOBAEDR LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated 4. Lookfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depbts and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND tiAUNDERSON. District Manager. Establlshed.;lBs9.

OPENING or NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. FALSHAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAZIERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAME MAKERS. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROAL, ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, Ac. Also a Selection of PICTURE. PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERN, MO UNTINU BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cut in small else, for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bad Frames. Ire., from lid. per loot. All work practically done and promptly attended to.

tRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL RUNCORN, 9lth ANNIVHRSARY SRI:010ns will be F„eached in St. Paul s Wesleyan Church, on SUNDAY. 'AR 26th, 1198. MORNING 10.30. WINNING 6-0. by the President ef the Conference, REV. W. L. WATKINSON, tst4Ppropriate hymns &c., will be sung by the Choir and Pchool Scholars. th • Prevent disappointment. it is desirable that as mmy of latrfdends as pusslole should avail themselves of the 05 Service. 'ONDAY, JUNE 27 (in St. Paurs).Rev. 11. HOWARD and a,.,11.1 d-llver his Popular Lecture. ' GLASS HOUSES Cho "'XING GLASSIIS." r tO betaken at 7 p.m. by ji?;HRS HANDLFY, Esq.. •• C .unch. •-•. Collection at each Service in Aid of the School

AM.E S ' B. AIA I.A , MAMA-lASI:EH EMT 11 ----- --INQ TRADES AND DECORATIVR ARTS' EXHIBITION, June 20th to July 9th. en ru yal Artillery Band (Woolwich). ndnetor. Cavallere L. Zavertal, 13. A. June 20 to nh. edmi. i Illuminated Fairy Fountain. 10 s on; a.m tolo p.m., is.; After 6 p.m. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays, 6d. ; Season Tickets, 68. ; ...-- Children 6d. A. P. BAKER, Manager.

COUND THE RIGHT PLACE ro BUT FISHING TACHLB.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss. 5(1; Hooks to Gut, 6rl and Bcl per dozen; Trout Flies, Is to Is 6cl per dozen; Gut Casts, three yards,2o,4d, 6d, and 9d each ; Gut Bottoms With one hook attached, one yard 2d. two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for Id ;porcupines, Id each; gentles in stock at 3(1,6(1, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25. MAI:MIT-PLACE. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shorpc).

WT. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR 140T1ON. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK NAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2e. 6d. /PEE BOTTLE. RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. CROUCH'S "ORIGINAL" WONDERLAND.- VICTORIA HALL, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL, (Near Central Station). ef&ND EXHIBITION AND MUSICAL PROMENADE. Awsows FAMOUS MINSTREL TROUPE, .30 in number. _The BOWEN FAMILY ; The JUVENILE MUSICAL rONDERS, LENO, the Champion Bird Whistler and Imitator. PROFESSOR BENNETT,the Leading Ventrilo- WFUgi,ds varietY Comedian; EDISON'S LIVING moramic V'Magnificent collection of Wax ;Groups. Cos- WS.le Glass Blowing Exhibition from Crystal Ad.„frrnisSion to view all 3d.. 6d., and is, E forranc 3.7, 8 ana 9 o'clock. ASTBAM, THE RICHMOND OF TB.E MERSEY. THE PLACE TO SPEND & HAPPY DAY. Magnificent Gardens, k Fountains. Grand Dancing Floor. tour Cosy Arbours. Extensive Woods, -,,DINED SWITCHBACK AND WATER RAILWAY. Grand Variety Entertainment at 4 and 6 Daily. Special 'Engagement for the Holiday Season of DAINEZ'S WORLD-RENOWED CIRCUS and the DUNEDIN TROUPE, and a number of other Attractions. B le eYel" will be carried free except on Bank Holidays. -nu Steams from South-end Liverpool Landing Stage at frequent intervals. Fare 4d. SCHOOLS and PICNIC PARTIES catered for. Special Week-end Hotel Tariff.

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.—LOOO sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Glasses.--EDWARDS AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES. CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toi'et Services. Old Silver. Bleztro Plate, Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, bideboards, -Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, &c.. ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions ay this Establishment is unsurpassed for E Lyle and Assortment INSPECTION INVITED.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pare Guinea Gold 22- carat wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SRVEN .6---enEtIISTANCR given to each A.ND 00. SHILLINGS AND SIXPRNOS to Fib TY SHILLINGS. All .iteo and shapes, including the round end Half-round handsomecards post t r ep present a pur- chaser.ye i singer ize stock. A - the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

To all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROCERS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobsceonists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted ; a splen- did selectionto choose from; inspection invited ; estimstes free.—Rnwsicns AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

'IOZARGAIN.—.£4OO worth Confectioner LI GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAßDS, 108, Wblte-cbapel, Liverpool.

RICHARDSON AND Co., PAPER-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, AND 11, THOMAS-STRERT, SHUDEHILL. GIANCHNSTIIR.

A VICTORIA POWDER (Registered).is the Safest. Quickest. and Most Certain CURB FOR HHADACHR, 100THACLIE, TIC, OR NEURALGIA. Refuse Imitations. 10 in a Packet, Thri Sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Dealers. Post Pre. THE NORTH END DRUCI CrIEMISTS. 97, WRSTIEINSTER-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

R. . CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF • TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (00w Hike) tßrout 16s. LAMES' Dram BASKETS From 246. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL ..rProm Ss. 6a, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

tOOTS CASH CaICHISTS (Western) Ltd., Chem- hit hits, Druggists. 'Stationers &c., Island-street. Notting- 'the Transfer Books will be closed from the 27th, to the June, inclusive, for the purpose of preparing warrauts 41,2 t quarterly dividend at the rate of Six per cent per guru on tke•Preference shares. 111,13NCORN SCHOOL BOARD —WANTED,CLERK to the above Board, salary £lOO per annum. A Mule of the duties may be inspected at the office of the rd between the hours of 3 and 5. Preference will be ,t4ti to candidates with a thorough knowledge of Accounts A, of the working end management of Elementary Schools. t:klUeatjons to be addressed to the Chairman of the Board t Compantc I with three references without testimonials q,;„'• tG be sent in on or before noon, FRIDAY next, the first "/ °t July. G. E. MOSS, Clerk. 22nd , 182.

NEW HO WE CYCLES. 5. BERRY-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Ahead of all others for Speed. Lightness, and Comfort. Prices to suit all. W. J. RODGERS, District Manager.

ISLE PRESS MAIL STEAMERS OF MA.—EX— ,-(Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS, Daily to June 30th. Saturdays and Mondays, Saturdays and Mondays 1030amafld4dOPHi 9 a m and 4 p m Other Week days 11-30 a m Other Week days 9a m Saturday 25 12-30 night Mondas s l2-3) a m ORE DAY EXCURSIONS, Saturdays and Mondays. 13 From Liverpool...lo 30 a m From Douglas 4p m Douglas arrive shoot 2p m Liverpool arr. about 7-45 pm LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY direct.—Every Saturday. 12-30 noon, via DOUGLAS, every Tuesday and Thursday, 1 -30 a m. Sailing'', AC., forwarded on receipt of stamped address by Cook and Son, Dean and Dawson, Swan and Leach Ltd., Manchester ; or the ISLE OF MAN STEAMPACKET COMPANY (LIMITED), DOUGLAS.

pßil.rriN CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. sQ ZEGIS MRS OF VOTERS.—Persons de- LINDINBITIB._ of TENDERING for the PRINTING and TAR (-7An__4 of the REGISTERS of PARLIAMEN- COunT' and PAROCHIAL ELECTORS for the of. Chester,may obtain particulars, specification?, CoonS at the Office of the Clerk to the Council, ortbgate-hthtiStreet, Chester. eh REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Council. ester 13th tune, 1898.

--- - WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M&DAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSIIIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. TRESS MILE TWICE DAILY, SEIM MILK FROM 11 a.M. FRESH BUTT E R, MADE ON THE PREMISES PROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FDESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY

COUNTY OF CHESTER TO WIT. XOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next the ~ GENERALQUAS TER SESSIONS of the Peace for CA „‘,CILINTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the /4'31',711 OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on the 2lth day of JUNE NEXT, at halt-past o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury Thtleempannelltd. h tt 1„..° cam?. of all, appeals arising within the Hundreds thtroxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, fortaing kixitheater District, and the trials of all prisonez cora- + ed from such Hundreds, will take place at such &s- -ots The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester Die- th,"' taust be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at I..ening of the Court on MONDAY, the 27th day of le,onext,at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. tith:',.,E Court will be Adj.mrned to the Court House, ‘..tti.'ford, on WEDICESDAY,tbe 29th day of June next, Sfl o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand gthlY will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals ks,il,4 within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, t,i'laorthwich, forming the Knutsforci District, and the 644„6,,0f all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Ip,"greds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. kit4i'fand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District the "la attendance at the Court House,Knutsford,at Ll j"„lstting of the Court on WEDNESDAY.the 29th day s'Oe next, at eleven eclock in the Forenoon. REG fNALD POTTS, ch. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. 6th June, 1896.

LIV gRPO Of. AND GLASGOW, calling at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting •• 4w", - OWL AND BEAR Or other Steamers are intended ti sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). JUNB. PROM LIVERPOOL FROM fiLLSGONV Clarence Dock and by train from Glasgow South-West Side. (Central S tati on) to Greenock at 5.58 p in. Monday 20th, 2 pm Wedneed.v 22nd, 12 noon Friday 24th. 2pm Monday 27th. 3 p in Wednesday 29042 p in ORDINARY FARES.—CabIn (single), 10s. ; return (available for two months), 15s. ; steerage. (siagle) ss. ; SPECIAL FARES :—Cabin return (available for ten days), 12s. 6d. ; Steerage retuin (available tcr ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington. Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited. C. MACIVICR & CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

THROUGH LAXE-LAND T 9 THE ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 830 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 9.56 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon .- 235. 6d. Trains run 1 hird Class and Saloon 15s. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Cabln.lis Od. J stammers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets availitle for going via Barrow and returning vre Liverpool or Fleet- or vice versa, can How be obtained at following nes First-class and Saloon . Third-class and Saloon -..131. 61. Third-class and Fore Cab1e......_. 91. 65. The journey may be broken at Grange, Iffiverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUCHESs OF DEVONSHIRE "will be on the service durtng July. August and September. There will be EXTRA sailings every SATURDAY, July 9th to SEPTENLBER &S.—JAMES LITTLE & CO- Barrow.

_ - • IttirripZ 'WELCH'S FILLS FOR FEMALB COMPLAINTS MITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow 4 Zzt,_ te'ek. continues to preoare this celebrated Medicine 2,),;41 j4,,°IILY original and genuine Family Recipe. thialt lebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained .44, tad aruit extensive and Increasing demand Purchasers ef4i erefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be 4tilthe that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs, 4.,l4iizzgts• who 4 d REmPt. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, Ii the only person in possession of the iitteetr„,ed on the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the 12, 44' the !Sole Wholesale Agents." W. EDWARDS SC EON, peen Victoala-street." formerly oz, at. Paul's, are engraved on the Governnsen Stamp. Nold in Za • 9d. each, by most Chemists.

LONGWORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES :- ParchmentewEntter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 IND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOE PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED ui n 1 Al! HOUR FROM 3s. 613. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

REGULAR SUNDAY SAILINGS. LI VERPOO L AND NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer' SNOWDON" will Sall (weather and circum.tances permitting) on SUNDAY Neat) and every Sunday duriug the se :son, for Llandodno, Beaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, leaving Liverpool at 10-45 a.m., and arriving back about 7.45 pan, For Particulars apply to W .11. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 1,585.

DAILY SAILINGB, NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BUST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Best and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winefride's Well, Pautasaph, Presiatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYING FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other eirearnstanoes permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage I hour sad 45 minutes, giving passengers two to ttree hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL. From MOsTvf. Monday, June 27 l2-0 noon Monday,June 27 ...n-30 p m Tuesday „28 -0 pm Tuesday „ 6-0 pin Wednesday „29 2-30 pus Wednes. „ 29_6-30 pin Thursday „30 Single Fare, is 6d ; Return Fare. 25 ; Bridge extra. ickets not transferable, and available for day of issue only. Refreshments on board at Moderate Charges. Offices 27. WATER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334.

DUTTON AND COLYER, 'LAT -mr-rny AND CO. IRONIONGRRS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on MEW.

TO I.IOUSEHOLDERS. JOINERS, CARPENTERS. And Others. TOOLS FOR SALE —Choice from the largest and most varied assortment of Forfeited Pledged NC ECHANICS' TOOLS. Also CUTLERY, BEDDING, CLOTHINCF, BOOTS. SHOES, ic., in the World, at HUGHES BROTHERS , EIWNEROKERS. JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL FACTORS. Jl6, 118, and 129, BROWNLOW HILL, Telephone. 5.171

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION DEALER, LEGH-STREET, EARL ESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST NIILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A stioßT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOE. le now being offered by T. CIARKE, EXAMINEE" OFFICE. EARLRSTOWN. PUBLISHED E WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Diseount of 20 per cent or 4e. in the Pound.

I n AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest, Patterns I Leading Styles I Popular Prices I THE M.D.C. MIDI'S SUITS, 1816 TO 50/- MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear t Well Made Latest Cut 1 t ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Tear's Selections. TROUSERS TO MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE ' 28/6 ~60/- in High-Class Scotch and(ri sh TWEEDS, Blue I SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &a. VALUS UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENTS. TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITb. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND WI HoRSRAARRET STREET, WARRINGTON.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND Would takitheLOWEST RATES at JOHN 'WALKER AND Co., "EXAMINER" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. ERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK *Lid PHILADELPHIA every WED NES• DAY.

KEATINGS' POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles Hills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles TH° UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER, Klns Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, (Harmless to everything but Insects). Bold only in tins, 3d., 6d.. andls, Only be sure you do get •• Keitlng's. FLEAS, BEETLES, morns, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. BA. PARISIAN. for Quebec and Mostreal...June 30th s.S. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Moutrtal...July 7th 8.8. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... July 14th N UNLIDIAN,f or Quebec and Montreal July 21st 8.8, PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... July 28th S a. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Aug. 4th ' Saloon Fares from £lO 10s. 2nd Cabin £7 be. Sti...rage £5 se, Through Tickets to all points at special rates. KLONDIKR.-11andbook, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application GO ALLAN BROTHER 9 & CO., 19, James- st., Liverpool; or oJ, S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

THE SYSTEM OF SELLING EVERYTHING at a SMALL PROFIT and only of GOOD QUALITY is an 1 absolute rule at the shops. of it) I.IOOTS UASII CHEMISTS. PHYSICIANS' PRESCRIPTIONS are PREPARED with the utmost care with PURE DRUGS of the best quality at all their establishments, and only chemists qualified by examination of Pharmaceutical Society are employed for diepensing. BOOTS VASE{ 1 THE LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST RETAIL CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. Boon, eon onnasTs (WESTERN). LTD., PROPRZEPCRS. HEAD opprom—NOTT/NOHLK. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director, Loud Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, La,

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 301-, WOOL BEDS, 10/9, PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES. 149 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT Is. 6D. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET. CLEAN, AND FIT FOR INKED/ATE USE. STRONG 111 DSTEADS. 13s. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS. 9s. 91). BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, • 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OB GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Pitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

"A_sos. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVER ENG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID ISMER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR YU .L'Y SHILLINGS." This wat chic timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from I EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent rost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUP&CTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &a., &c. -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, de., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TEETH.—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Rsq M.P., says in his testimon al "They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable. and sue a credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSRY-STRRET, WEDNRsDAYS AND FRI DAYS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM wlis WICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AMER ALE. WARD, R'S HOREHOUND BEER

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the neceeeity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great Baying of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS, NAVY SERGES FOR SEASIDE WEAR. C, and W. Ltd., strongly recommend their Nary Serges for Seaside Wear, Sea Water, Air, and Rain have no effect upon them. They will also stand boiling In soda and water. Coating Serge, Is, Is 30. Is 6ld, Is li.l. 2s 6d per yd. The Famous "Polar" Serge, Is, is 40, is 93, 2s, 2s 65, Is 110, per yard. .EiNORMOUS PURCHASE OF RIBBONS Purchased by us, I A MANUFACTURER'S STOCK (VALUE £720.) PURE SILK RIBBONS £720. EIREONS OF EXCEPTIONAL VALUE and RICHNESS OF DESIGN. The above Rilabms are all this Season's Patterns and Makes, and are sold by us at one quarter of their !Original Value. 26,937 YARDS OF RIBBONS, Special Parches() of Children's MACINTOSHES, All Colors to be cleared at 3s. Ild. each. AND WAIT FOR JULY 2ND, JULY 2ND. JULY 2ND. AT k)110SBY AND WALKER, LIMITED, AS OUR GREAT SUMMER SALE COMMENCES ON THE ABOVE DATE, WE CLOSE ON WEDNESDAYS AT ONE O'CLOCK. FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. CROSBY & WALK ET', LIMITED, 82, 84, 865 AND 881 ()LW:IMA STREET, MANCHESTER.

SENSATIONAL CURES !! ! OYES' GREAT REMEDY FOR GOUT, EHRHMATISM, AND LUMBAGO. Mr. J. T. BROWN. the famous Yorkshire County Cricketer says I have tried a bottle of your Mixture for Rheuma- tism and have reeeivrd great benrfit from it. I shall recom- mend it to all illy friends. Yours sincerely, J. T., BROWN. P.B. I was almost instantly relieved." Post Free Is., from the Proprietor, The LAI 0 RATORY, HALIFAX. Bole Agents for Manchestor, LBWIS'S. Wholesale Agents Messrs. GOODHALL, BAcKHOUSB and CO., LEEDS.

THE BEANCO CYCLES MANUFACTURED SY BAXENDALE & CO. MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL

- • ' , . •.. • 044 41%) . Att. 4%,`" , '' ' , . . , HOME, HOLIDAY of., ;..i.,..., et, HALF•GUIN EA COSITITIWES sent by Parcel Post direet from the Largea Firm of. Cos- 4. turnlers in the 'World ( Originators of Half - Guinea tz. ATy, ainoloulriviNse;?llll,,)4dgtßter,iiitooNbi,cy.TßE •:' , ‘ , ~,, ~,,,.. ~,,,. , ~,,,, t, ~,,,:oltil_JdaoidnH:lsihee.Ntihkllll:_ciel:C:Htt::,l,:g%°.-10°I9liti.S_JdEuRoraGibi:•NI:: • , ~.'s•'''.A.''' : „ NOBLE COSTUME COATING, smooth ~,,A,4z.-.4 -011.. , ,- - ',44: ..• -2. •,, surfaced, SID dof lighter weight. -:''' ' • ''. ki;'). -• ,4, .0, ~.. ~.. PATTERNS SENT POST FREE, 4 4 ~.,,,,,,,......,...,.. together a 4htlie new 84ppiliu strated Fashion ' .'1..a.31..'.:•\ I '4,'i,..-:••••• - ',.:?. . ' Book foi• Lathe. and Children, and need not ' '.:.',•e _ 4`.... J ,ti, eiatt,ivr7g; Please mention this newspaper ‘.. t. isf,.cdt, \ J' ~..,,,''''':';',..:' .'.'...'''',.. • AYU i'.l. &LESS LENGTH of either/1g ..,-,*—,--•••• •WV ;\ i•tt.s,:: : ' Pf,' - -cloth (8 yards 52 inches wide) for 7.6. I/ 1J -...40-;`'' -„C;;;,27,W ••:: Carriase bd. ',O'f'• ',-- '•,,•' -4. * "kk'''',,,,'• ' ~; 'o• Electric, Brown, Ruby. biyrtle, Yawn: Grey,..--:%X.%;-,.- ..;', 0 '-• ''''''' • it.? ~ Dee, Rare Green, •nd Purple. 4 .-_- -.. . . z, ~ / 4 / ' °ilk \ \ :•‘.. \ \, , '. ': ;' . MTHE 1 NELF.E SIZES IN STOCK are 3436 a n '' s"- „1:: ,/ , ,z. \ ',.c.:,iery ~...,,r) i•,s / inn round bust (under arms). skirt. bein ,-; dg -,;", ' '''. f', lA, ' 31,..,e41Lannbile.4peell inucuylomang al: tofromnet...Arnzvo6tho..er 1.1,;', It ,',/,.....i,"..,iiv....1 ; N\ f -,, ~, :.'.4 : :;: 1, //, •:,;•4 . 1-• _." •:,=.-- ki \ \ \' - .•,': ',, :‘: p vo. _.,. ""2-14, A \ \:;,.,,,' ' ' ''.';'•.- '. ~r I ii;;IY" .• lit'lr lite. ,:: , . .. i , ;,,,, 1t.\...„ el.r f'. ...• e'!': ..) it ')., ... ~ ;'ss',' •' ir I.** 4.1 I. .;;;., 1/•.„../ , , , , :li / fr. .. '.. . . I MOW, :: AIGISzIEW / \, \ k ?• ,-, v • th., . Costume. "CI.IitRACH " KNOCK ABOUT r 1 , ~,••" Tilit'El6llJOlLE''rilLE The Ilew MODEL 900.—Smart tailor flnis'aed spe ittioni.t. sit --t, •rnAst Iro3lin; Coat and full-wide Skirt. Price complete z ~f ''' , Made In iFtroonng6Bl:rtsm. if,"e'vrA!'„'l7-10/6 L ‘r)': 41, braid. costume, 10/6. Car-1 0/6 nage ed. extra. ii. , Skirt alone for 531 Carriage ed. ;,"-.' ' with riddle - top, fulli kiwi „z,z, kz t. 'price ~m,leto Supplied also in good stout Drill orPigue 4,i'... .• • •ji, i leeves and pocket.. costome WS. Carriage tki. c kirt at the same price (Blue, Fawn or White) ..",t.' 0 ' 21 24 27 3033 36 3942017. kin, ,-,,g, c„,,,,,,, zw. or in Covert coating for 13!6; or in Mix- ture suiting for 16/-. SIU-DEL 644. Tailor made• 4'2." ''''':' ."--%-•-• . ltd.:Lc:it I,Fda re:forteamVdtgos.lpioa, Bankers t ''l ONDON AND skirt in front Carriage' bitor..tso- BANK, LTN. GIRL'S REEFER COAT andfull 11011 r . wide Skirt. Letigths(ln frontlan Price': '''''• r;),,z. i ~...L Kt dm• eigA., ,N,V;r,l:l Kindle ~,,.. thi. rew.L.E., 30 33 36 39 42 inches. Carriage 641. sketchili-. All shades.' when er,tering from-- 6/6 7/6 8/6 9/6 10/6 each. extra. JOHNeNOBLE, LTD., BRg-SE., MANCHESTER. _

ILFRACOMB nk H.—Castle Eoardi House and Commercial Hotel. Private etPARTMENTS ; home comforts. Terms 30a. per week.—E. WEBBER, Proprietress.

LANDIIDNO.—MANSELV9 Boarding Establishment. 1.2 Abbey-road, lovely situation,near sea and hills; superior accommodation ; every Comfort; moderate terms.

BLACRPOOL —LORD'S REFRESHMENT BOOMS. 6, Adelaide-street.- BREAKFASTS and TEAS at any hour. Beet SHILLING. DINNERS In town; from 11 o'clock till 2.—.1. LORD, Proprietor.

B_ LACKPOOL.-HOLIDAY and CONVALESCENT HOME STATION-ROAD. SOUTH SHORE (formerly Arnold House). WOMEN. 12s. 6d.. MEN, 143. per week, Board in- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by letter only) to be addressed to the Hon. Director, 32. Church- street, Manchester. (Miss) S. G. MAXWELL, Secretary.

T LANDUDNO,—The CLIFTON BOAUDING NSTAB- -14 LISNItIENT and RESTAUHANT close to station and Promenade, good accommodation for cyclists. parties catered for, liberal table ; terms modorate.—Apply K. Joss., Pro- prietress.

LONDOn. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, BUSTWS SQUAHS. Homs COMYORTS. CLIWILINERS .I.3TD QUIET. CZLITRAL /OR BUSINFAS OR PLEABURE. Leaden Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

tQODTHPORT.—SUNHYSIDR :HYDRO, Physician Or, KJ BAHRAIN). Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; floe Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 64 per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. .7. 730000 CK, Proprietor.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD, FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring ci.EW CARPfird, FURNITURE, RICUPROLtiIIERING, or REMAKING of OLD ERODING. &c. Designs and Patterna Bent on Application. Note Addre55,—CRARLNd SOUl:ltOrtil et CO., LTD.. 38, 40, and 42, BASNIITT-STREAT, LIVEUFOOL. Telephone, N. 6367.

G. -H. AND H. M. JACKEON, 611 CHURCH STREET, GREA SALE. WARRING T 0 N. GREAT SALE REGARDLESS OF COST. MUST BE CLEARED. Payments taken MEN'S COATS PEON 2s. 3D. .. TROUSERS PEON IS. 6D. 9 „ VBSTSP N D.

Payments taken YOUTHS CO S FROM 2s. OD. „ TROUSERS FROM D. 9D. VESTS FROM f•

A LARGE VARIETY OF BOYS' CLOTHING ALWAYS ON SALE. Payments taken WOMEN'S DRESSES FROM 2s. OD. ,s SKIRTS FROM ls. OD. .. BOOTS PAIR IS. (JD A Great Stock.of Wool Shawls, Blankets. Quilts, Sheets, at Cost Price. Payments tal en , Don't forget the Address, 61, CHUR(.III STREET, WARRINGTON.

FD. W. ..DWARDR. SHOP. OFFICF. AND HOTEL FIT CETI, JOINER. AND SHOP FRONT BUILDER. 83, VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM £lO T 3 £5OO NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIXTURES AND FITTINGS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES FREE IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

/rILNER'S SAFE. Biirglar.pr,-of Holdfast Bands. list 3 AL two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £45 ; my price £2l. Two smaller £6 63 —EDWARDS, 83, Victoria street Liverpool.

JSLH OP MAN.--To be Let. Furnishes, or Apartinents, small Cottage, beautifully situated, and comfortably furnished. Terms low.—Apply num BREW, Baldboon-road, Larrey„

VIRGLAR and fire-proof SAFR. by HI plans; Chubbs double locks; holdfast bands; 48 x2B x 26; £l5. Also two smaller ones. 45s each.—Bdwards, 83,Victorla-;t., L'pool. -DRACS of IRISH !HITTERS FOR SAL% dog and 1-.) II months cheap.—T.S., 83, Boston-street, Hulme, Manchester.

Mus. WILKINSON. 29, 13 ilminal-road, S.S., Blackpool. Ne .tr S. Shore St ati an. trams and pier, rood sea view, public and private APA ttTll A... 1 IS with or without board. Piano, bath.

---- APARTISINNTS, or part. well-furnithed ROTJS.To LET. with or without atten^anee ; good centre for cyclists. rolles roads. Late dinner, doney carriage.—tiOGEES, With- ington House, near Hereford.

DOGGLAS.—Mrs BASTHAPL. Pemberton House, 5, Empress-drive, Castle ?dona,sea views ; private sitting. rooms at moderate terms ; tea, bed, and breakfast from 3s. Sit , trams pass drive.

D'u"LAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Comfortable APART- MENTS with or without board, Mrs. Vietc.Manchestmr liouse. 5. Castle Mona Avenue. Broadwav ; within a few yards of shore and bathing ground. Terms, bad Es, or tea bed and breakfast 3s 6i.

STATIONDRY AND FANCY BUSISIES3 at havant. ritock.inxtores and goodwill £180; bargaln.—ttoosas. ilmsvrorth. DADGAIN.—COCOA and DINING-ROOMS, situated at 1.) North end, opposite Dock Elates. Apply, 27, WAPP/30. Liverpool. •

ruvivo VERY SIMPLE CURBS for soft Corns and Chronic CenstlPatlotl.—Send 25., and stamped addressed enve- lope to' GBANDMOTHER," 14, Quebec-street, Waksfield• ON SALE, LANCASHIRE MANURE WORKS at Widnes with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. lloercirrot 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

2nS. to 3Os a week can be earned on the "Or1g1nal" FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER; knits stockings, socks, dc.—Write JAMES FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston. 11_)S YOUR OWN MASTER and earn £3 or ,more weekly. Particwlars and samples 7 stamps.—G. BERTRAM. 71. Llllie-road. west Kensington, London. Genuine opportunity.

VARMENWARB and China.—Seconds £2 crate : Bests £3 ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6(1.. ; write for ists.—Brunn AND Co., dtaffordshire Potteries, Longton.

Air IMAGERY. UNDERCLOTHING ; immediate die- posal ; (cause, ill-health) ; old established ; excellent eonuntion. 1311 EAT GEORGE-street, Bold-street, Liverpool. TO BE SOLD, as a going concern. Gold HERB BEER DUSINIicS ; Horse, Cart, Gallon Bottles, tsc, at "hit/- Mon ;no goodwill good opnortimlty for energetic man.- 61, LINIolf-STREET, Arawick, Manchester. WEarIiSTITECISGEO HOUSE FURNidHINOr NSW P 1110113143 (teasel) Id) ill first-class position. TO BE SOLD at W gau stock about £7OO rare oppartunity: tontine to be made in few years by energetic man : good opening for small syndicate or limited company : This afar can only remain open for a short time, also 8 Horse Gas Engine, 51,Gosr, ROBSoff, SHIPLEY, nearly new, Price £75, --4(),MILEZZT-STRb:LT. Wixom.

ECZEIIIA. CURED, by using Dr. BRADLEY'S ECZEMA OILS; instantly stop irritation. Yost Free 10.31. and 2s. 9d. PiENYONA MlNurscrustura Co., Stanger-rosd. S. NoßwooD.Londou, S.B.

G°°D HOUSHWIVES.-14asselFs DOMOStIC OH Fuel re- - quires no wood or coal to make a fire Instantly ; par- ticulars free ; sample to last six months ; 6 strops.-18'. CLICRICEIIINTELL-RIAD, Loudon. x ----

\V"I NOP WRITE to-lay for Basy SBLF MEASURE- Mil NT FORMS, and get your Clothing at first cot? SUITS from 225. Ed„ TROUSERS, 6s. 9d. Only a postcard, all free.—PATSTON Baos , Atlad Works, Jacksoa-streat, Derby.

AIELODEON, bell. grand organ tone, double bronze reeds. J. metal corners, extra long bellows, plated fittings, charming bell, organ and celesli‘l accompaniments ; usual price 16i. 6d. ; my price, with box and tutor 73. 23. ; pOstage d.; returnable if unsatisfactory.—Watits, 210. Manor-04" Walworth, London.

"ITOW ENSCItIi 1114ALTH."—On the Laws Uovern- -IL log Life, and the Causes, Symptoms And ;treatment of all Diseases depending on Nervous Debi , Mental and Physical Depresti n. Pa'pit Awn of the eart, Noises in the Head and Rm.. Sent post free two stamps on nAming tlll3 paper.—MESSRS. BARNES AND C0.,43, Lone&le-square, lhoril- -11111.-ioad, London, N.

66 UARDICN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and dressed, rnesh made to keep sinailest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 13... by 1 yard wide, 3s. 2 yards wl.e. 6s. ; 3 yards with, 9s. Carriage paid ordersover ss. in value. Auy length and width sip- plied; use in the Uoyl g irdens. YOTTEII, Wolverhamp

GREAT FURNITURE SALE, STILL. PROGRESSING. ABSOLUTE BARGAINS.

HESKETH AND DUTTON, 70, SANKEY STREET.

RENT SAVHD. Purchase your own house by easy paY- ments withaut o.pital. System In successful operation for over twenty years. Address li.P. " EXAMINER " Oftioe Warrington.

DROTECT YOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIRDS. --TANNIM NETTING. 35 Square yards for is. Will ,not rot if left out in all weathers ; send any width; carriage paid on all orders over Se. As supplied to the Royal Gar- dens. Sent on approval, hundreds of testimonials. Common netting. 50 square yards for Is.—Yrom My. J. HASSON, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st„Eloomsbury, IX% W.C. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andlloomn Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, ac. Whoteal° Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Begllding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pul.- lished, 107 pa gee containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RABB, Itlt, London."

CYCLA AOUNT-1, Iromnonyers, Imnor;ant Prices for popular ROYALTY" CYCLE novr reduced ; 1.400 Machines ready ter delivery ; naar.,e lona b•rgahas• Agen" wasted everywhere: —ROYILIY CYCLE WORKS, Alcester- road, Moseley, Birmingham.

QAPHIY BICYCLII for FOUR SHILLINGS a WAGUE• k_7 Send stamp at once for Illustrtterl Catalozue and full par- ticulars Co-Covent' v Cycle Vi°rks ticulars to the PARKS 8 Guinea LUCY ' ,R.rtding.x CUES. with bell. lamp and tools ; 1,1 genuine goods. Approval or photo sent ; warranted 12 months.—liLOßE CYCLiC WORICI, Norwich I --

ECORDE CYCLE COMPANY, 107, BOLD ST., LivaNPOoL. Now Machines, Detachable tyres, gusranteed twelve monti.s. £7 10s. Our £l2 121. Machine to first 10) customers from this Depot £9 10s., fitted with inch pitch roller chain. becoud-hand Pneumatic in stock from £4 ; Cushion tyre m ichines £6 new. Iie.CORDS CYCLE CO.. BIRMINtiIIAM & LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6519• Liverpool. _ — . IA MIMIC CYCLES are absolutely without rival as I regards quality, are and price. GRIST'S from £lO 10s. LADY'., from £ll. Large stock of Best Swedish Weldless Cycle Tubes and Fittings of all sizes. Plaiting, Enamelling, Turning, Brazing. and Wheel Building for the Trade. MOoNLIGHT MANUFACTURING COMPANY, WONlCS—fidgevale, Smithdown-lane, Liverpool, Branch,-49, Tuunel-road, Liverpool.

Olarbitierp, T IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY I fore, Telephone" Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Subas- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATER-LANE.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON, B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSWE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. Send for FREII ORDER FORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU. LIT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod /.7 Grierson. and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS lathe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all hinds of eingineering Work promptly. Catelogueof wheel and pullry patterns on appll- cation.—Telephone 229.

ii-ATENT OFFICA MANCHESTER, EBTIBLISEED IN 1835. hlesera . GEORGE DAVIRis & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years personal experience in connection with this listabll ah • merit, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. asoKas DAVIES, CAL, & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for Immediate delivery SEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all thelatest improvements. Full particulars on application

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done Lc', send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that it is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can beaten any time. 10r..m Mrs. Chetham : "Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted , splendidly. I enclose Ac."—Mrs. Binme writes : " Hlfldly sorward by return of et a bottle of your Female Mixture;, It nut me all right last ohne. and I t-ust it will do so again. —From Mrs. Fletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I toot the doses as statea ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very m,,,b."—.2lirs. S. writes from Sheffield : lam please ito tell you your medicine did all . hat was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dose OR Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday afternoon. Everything had been as well as it was possible. Had I written t iyou at first. I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writs: "Madam, I am glad to be able to report that the last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall r commend your remedy to all my married friends. I think it is excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself, should at once apply to you." —From dirs. Garside " I have much pl.asure in sending you news of having reiiet the first morning, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always feel grateful for your Mixture, and iii need anything again, will send Leo you." Address: Ms. DAMERAU. TAPton Cottage. Forest Hill. London

OUR CIIAINLE:•?S SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BR BEATEN, botls for Quality and Finish.. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by baying rubbish. but purch4se a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers or the Highest Reputation. L:BERAL CASU DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Telephcne No. 55. e ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, efts to announce that he has removed his Offices to the more convenient premises NO. 1 BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Sale Booms. _

Biontp. £150,000 ItvIr`OBIP 100 CITNTA to be in SUMS to suit BORROW BEB in any part or the couNTar.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY rim CHARGED. UONEY LENT PAIVATELY TO FARDIRRS, mt. TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Othe s, in sums of .RlO up to £SJO. ON BORRO WERE OWN PROMISSORY ROTH at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arming -d to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Establi*hed 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BAN-II 10, COILPORATION-STEEET, MANCHEJTEN. ADVANCES made to nil responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ens sum at a fladd period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reyersions,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees charged.—Apply to MR. .RICHAED WOOD, Manager.

Oputatiol- WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL—POULTON-LS-FYLDH, 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident linglish and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal—Ana ILOGIEB.SIOX. Goveruese- Pupil wanted.

rtTY coLLEGB, HARROGATE. Head Master—Mr. J. P. HUUttilb. Assisted by Nine Resident and Visiting Masters. Thorough training for professional and mercantile pursuits. 22 passed out of 26 in the last Cambridge Locals, Neat term begins May 3rd.

£100..• H.,/ I make £lOO yearly certaln from 25 liens kept in absolute confinement." Anyone can do It. Pamphlet show.n.4 method, is. Id.ROGEB, 6, George-street, Oxford.

LOGS' —Grand Pens, (Prize Strains). ROCKS, ORPING- TONS, LIGHT BIAUMA, SILVDD WYANDOTTEe, Houdans, Minoreas, Duff and White Leghorns, Ayles- bury Ducks, 35. per dozen ; Buff Coclains and buff Orning- tons, 35. 6d ; Itammouth Turkeys, 8d each; Incubators, 7u cgs,s 305. ; Hilt Smashers, 35.—J. U. POWNALL, hiasmiths Yarn], Sankey, Warrington.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. I U. B 'Ft?! JOHN a. irt o,"J'' IN °°rl t I lir IS r D it oe r make a . r AO: itigN• MC d 14113 1 1 ana all respectable Hcotehoillere, on their own sesurity. , A UN= TO INORBASE YOUR STOCK. ZONBY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSB. MONBY TO PAY lIRNT OR /MISTS. Without Veildsmen, without delay, without public emspairy, in your simple written premise to puy back.—Apply irk VII, TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Coutral Station), ifflrYNriße and In WARRINGTON at my Resislence, 134, Orford-lane any avening. Applications from RUNCORN and Dist-riot aenerally receive precisely the same attention._ LINI°N °lt; DI T 13A3%, LIMITED, BstablisheciilB3B. Registered Capirial £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-81'MM f, LIVIIRPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon persona! security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. ac.. at the foilowing scale ol charges : £lO repayable bs. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 93. £5O ~ 209, „ £4 Ss. 6d. „ £lOO „ 40s. ES 16s. Od, „ Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special lerms of repaymrrnt arranged it desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 21. to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

ii.OOIS i t ITTING.—In returning Thanks to my J patrons tor ,Aseir ccmlidPnce placed in me last season, I may say that iron, ports that have come to ma my eggs gave general satisfartn_ and I shall do my best again this st-won. I have Black Minocras, Blue Andalusians, Hon 'ens, lied Caps. White Leghorns. Brown Leghorns, Indian Game, Buff Ccchins, White Bralima3. Langshans, Black Orping- toils, Light Brahmas, Plymouth Rocks, and three pens of crosses- Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Huff Cochin hens; White Leghorn cock, with Light Br lima hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. Also Duess—Nottens, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Garne) Is. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their owe eggs ; 36 packed put en rail : Indian game 4s. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is five minutes walk from Lowton St. Mary's Htetion (M. S. &L. It ).—Address HENRY DRAPER. Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane, Lawton. Newton-le-Willows. Is o us no is dote on Sondays.

DITTS'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE. Il_ LONDON-ROAD (Cmtinuation of Piccadilly), MANCHESTER Just past Station, through South Junction Railway Arch -DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE HAS CO V( MUNCH 0. .1_ This important arinouncoment will doubtless send a thrill of pleinure through the shrewd public who always make a point of patronising Pitts's Sales, knowing full well that at such tmes a saving of irom 25 to 50 per cent may often be effected. Pitts's are renowned far and wide, in fact guild pre-eminent for always giving UTAIOST POSSIBLE VALUE. but at their Stocktaking Sales Pitta's give MORE THAN VALOR as in many instances ardcles are marked CONSIDERABLY BELOW COST, in order to clear them out to facilitate Stocktaking. pITTS'S believe that if they sacrifice several hundred pounds during this great Sale, giving their customers the benefit, such sacrifice will pay them in the long run as an advertisement by still further strengthening their well- known reputation as the BEST and CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS auywhere. It is utterly impossib!e for any- one, not having favoured Pitts's with a visit, to conceive the astounding variety and magnitude of Pitts's UNRIVALLED STOCK of new and second-hand FURNITURE, BEL- STEADS, PIANOS, CYCLES. BAsSINETTES. etc., etc., in fact every household and office requisite,. much of which Pitts's. have secured at about a third of their origintl cost. from numerous large residences, the names of 'which hive already been advertised. Th a being Pitts's first Summer sale in their new colossal premises in London-road, they Intend it to be a veritable "Record Breaker," in the annals of the furnishing trade. DITTS'S will not Issue a catalogue, as long before It could be out of the printer's bands many of the cholest lota will have been purchased by wideawake buyers who do not wait to " think about " buying, but buy while the chanca is there, but P,tts's will be pleased to send full particulars, to- : gether with testimonials and press opinions, on application. I Everyone's invited to inspect whether requiring or not. Courtesy and attention extended to all. bloods purchased : and not required immediately will be stored any reasonable time, and insured against fire free of 4 Charge: Cash prices only quoted, but deferred payment may be arranged. As such an opportunity as this of economical furnishing occurs but seldom It is the BOUNDEN DUTY of everyone desirous- of laying our their hard earned money tothe Misr ADVAN- TAGE to call at PITTS'S WITHOUT DELAY,or they may be too late. -I)I)ITTS'S HOUSE OF FURNITURE at 15i, 221,128381, 1 50, 75, KO, up to l.. 00) guineas need no praise, one might as well paint the Illy or gild refined gold. During the sale Pitta's will not alter the prices, but instead augment the quantity and quality of the art Merl. so you may take It for granted that each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLE THE PRICE ASKED. Inspection will verify this statement. IDITTWS STOCKTAKING CARPET BARGAINS. Largest and best selected Stock of Brussels, Tapestry, iiidimlnater, Wilton, Velvet Pile, etc., etc. Linoleum, Floor- cloths, etc. All English manufacture, at ezeeptionany low prict s to clear, Fitted free or charge by competent men. OITTS'S STOCKTAKING CYCLES, PIANOS, BASSIN- -I. RITES. LAMPS. CHINA, EARTHENWARE, PIC- TURES, ENGRAVINGS, CUTLERY, and OTHER BARI:MINS too numerous to mention. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING OFFICE AND LIBRARY BARGAINS—For Half a Century the word" Pitts's" and Good Office Furniture have been synonymous. Pitts's have either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or abetter article at the same price. Desks, Tables, Chairs, Stools, Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses, Safest, stands at pric Al that entirely obliterate competition, SAMUBL PITTS. Established 1345. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANoRESTUR. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longslght, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

L'IJ G'S LIMITED—. I. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Establishs d over 50 years. LOANS TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties end STRICTLY PRIVAT)J, Also LOANS granted on ordinßry Life Astriknon F6Ncies, Reversions, Freehold Dud Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ Egd „ 10/. £lO 5/- „ 2,26 „ 12/6 ~ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO OAEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent or FIELDING'S LIMITED, IEI, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—absolutely w!thout Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees, from one month to live years. H E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, I_ COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CRCSS.STIIEET, Established 1872. MANCHEBTEIL Clap;rtal. £200,300. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible , persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge r reliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Orfice routine is entirely divensed with. Apply in strictest conticence to Mr. ROBERT JAM Resident Manager. NOTE—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAt'II.S. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY PEES.

MONET LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the !Rine to all respectable and responsible Persons in any part of England or Wales, In sums of not less than £lO to £lOOO on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. Without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if desired, a vrritten undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or in one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience, Cr. if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the interest Is paid. For full particulars (tree of charge), apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to. MR. We TE WART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER'

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. DIANCHESIER CASH DRAPERS. GREAT SUMMER SALE COMMENCES JULY 2ND,. C AND WATCH FOR THIS SALE OF SALES. C. AND W. 'S• GREAT SUMMER SALE. WE CLOSE ON WEDNESDAYS AT ONE, O'CLOCK. CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. 82, 84, 86, AND 88, OLDHAM STREET, MANCHESTER.

ANTIQUE FURNITURE. G-. AND J. WEAVER, are Exhibiting SPBCIMB OD NS OF FINE L FURNITUEg. AT SS, BRIDGE-STREET. See Windows.

CORPORATION' OF THE CITY OF MAN CHBSTBH. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Sze., Delivered in bags. carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at a per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given • earAy An the season to prevent die ppointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Deportment, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrinoham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby. Liverpool. Mr. J. 8. GALLAND. Brookflelds, Baddiley, neat Nantwich. 10X11.1BITION GRASS SEED.I, Is. per it) u.

MOW NOW. DWARF, EVERORERN. SOW NOW - ROBERT P. RER AND SONS, I 11, BASNETT-STREBT, LIVRRYOOL.

NOVELTIES IN COSTU\N;bI ES, COATS AN D SKI CAPES, &c. I ORD' BRO3'. 128, BRIDGE S UV?, ET, 17IT / ARRINGTON.

THE, BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their forrntr patrons ac:d the Pub- J../ lie generally that they are thawing in their NEW BRANCH WAZEIIOBSE ' 76. BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, BIIF,ETINGS.PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLAF.S,& CUFFS AND LADIES' ATM GHILDItENS. EtiIEcLoTHING of their own manufacture all' of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PR.WF.O ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one impAuned b'BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LID 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELVAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRIIMGHAM. HARRYTILLY FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

EADE's PILL , EAMES PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediaterr EADWS PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S plus. been ree.e:ved from, all sorts and Conditions of men testifying to EADIFS pILLs. the wonderful power these pills ' bare in giving relief in the vest EADWS plus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe 10 their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RtfEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD. FACE,. AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation Ivet given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT .• 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. I) HE UM A TI S M "Dear Sir,—lt is with unisounded t pleasure I send you a few lines In OUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had R lIEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed sv3h it. Of Course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me dow-n almoct to a skeleton. RBE CHAT ISM The neat spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEU MA TISM my being laid up again. Ever since, whtn I have nal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 Pills and I have beebt all agalO RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT GOUT TEEM IF THEY, COST OM. POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you 110 of this, and I OUT shall be pleased T. answer anY • poor sufferer who cares to write RHEU MA T ISM me (enclosing stamped address). hlng you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTALY." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. itki. and 25. ad. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor. GEORGE RADII; 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. ILO. Ask for and be sure you. obtain IIADE'S GOUT AND :MEV- MATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. Unequalled for PURITY, FRAGRANCE

DR. SCOTT'S pus Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. scums pus Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression DR. scorn pus Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. scums pus Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. scorrs pus The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Puri tier. DR. scorrs pus Can be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold ' DR. SCOTT'S pus Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SBYMOUR PLACD, London, W. Do not be psreu%ded by anyone to buy 4'17 other medicine instead, but insist on having the rignt thing, which is wrapped in a square green package.

Llj " Oyamtner " OrrttO Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE TP4rrington and HU-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. dayTHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Gd 27 Os. 9. ... is. 104. ... 31. Od. 38 ls. Oa. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. 45 le. 3. ... 3s. ld. ... ss. 04. 54 ls. 64. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. Tile above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise went inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on. THE EX AMIN ER • JUNE 24th, 1898.

"A WARD OF THE KING." This is the title of our New Story which is to commence publication in our columns on FRIDAY, JULY IST. "A WARD OF THE KING" Has been written sped shy far Serial Publication by KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of PitV,y," At the Red Glove." " Maisie Derrick," " A Wilful Lover," "Wild as a Hawk," etc., etc. Mrs. KATHARINE MACQUOID is singularly gifted as a novelist. She has a rare faculty of arousing the emotions and interesting the most indifferent. All may enjoy her stories, and feel benefited by their perusal. "A WARD OF THE KING" Is a Story of Love and Adventure, and will Commence publication in our columns on FRIDAY, JULY IST.

M NYO N CURES. REMARKABLE TESTIMONY FROM WELL-KNOWN PEOPLE. Any Chemist will tell you that Hundreds of his Customers have been Cured of Catarrh, Rheumatism, Dyspepsia, Kidney Trouble, . Blood Affections and Nervous Complaints by Munyon's Improved HOMO 3 opathic Remedies. TESTIMONIALS. A PROMINENT MANCHESTER LADY'S ANOTHER PROMINENT RESIDENT OF MANCHae TESTIMONY. TER RECOMMENDS MUNYON'S DYSPEPSIA Mrs. Eliza Jane Riley, a prominent lady, residing at CURE. 12, Lime-street, Cheetbam, Manchester. says :—"I have suffered with severe pains in my back and chest for a Mr. Samuel S. Fox, a prominent resident of Manches. ter, for many years residing at No. 4, Furnace-road, Fallowfield, Manchester, says :—" I have suffered from long time. I heart of Munyon's Dyspepsia cure and determined to give it a trial. I had great relief after tak- ing a few doses, and after taking only a shilling Vial of indigestion for some time, but could get no relief. the little pellets I feel entirely well." read of Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure and determined to give it a trial. After purchasing a bottle and taking The Munyon Remedy Company do not claim that they only a few doses of the wonderful little pills lam pleased have one remedy that will cure all coin plaints, but that to say they gave me very great relief. I willingly re. they have a specific cure for nearly every disease. It is commend them to all sufferers." not claimed that Munyon's Rheumatism Cure will cure Munyon's Vitalizer, price 4a., is the greatest tonic ever consumption, dyspepsie,or any other complaint but that discovered for men. It is a positive cure for rheumatism. Munyon's Dys- Ask your chemist for free copy of Muuyon's Guide te Health, and treat yourself at borne with harmless rem& pepsia Cure is prepared expressly to cure dyspepsia ; Munyon's Cough Cure t, cure coughs ; Muayon all chemists, mostly one shilling a bottle. ts dies that contain positive cures for all diseases. Sold by Catarrh Remedies to cure catarrh; Munyon's Kidney Cure to cure kidney trouble. The same may be said of If you are in doubt as to what remedies you need all of Munyon's 47 different remedies. write to Professor Munyen, 121, Shafteebury-avenae. London, for free medical advice.

MISS ISOBEL RIGBY, 84, BRIDGR•STRIIRT, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEMs, &c. osoori

SCOTT'S PILLS The 113 bti Effectual.Dsafe:. Medicine. scorrs piLLs Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. scorn PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. scorn plus Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR' scorrs PILLS The best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. DR. ScoTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR. PLACE. London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having therigh bing, whial Is wrapped ia a square green package. COMFORT, CLEANLINESS AR CURE FOLLOW 'MR US; OF 6k Dr, PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT.. Glace was at este and effectually remove/ Cracks. Fiacures and Ukadatwas. la & 2/8 each. Post free 1/2a 2/11 paN &iwi ea, =CURIA'S WO WA, LONDON, LH

601.1111.Y01iT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET. Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT In the Town. CROAT DEMAND FOR CYCLES! PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCB

T. BIRTLES, PIIOTo4RAPHER, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST SITLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARE TAKEN INSTANTANSOUSLE.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER,- ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The RICHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-098 horses, cows. &c. rengived any distanch up to 15 miles 00 the shortest, notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. keT.LBLIBRED 1870.

RENOWNED Nos TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCIMS, Comma...nos. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, Sluarce. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE AC. IEI _A. OWLE'S CHLORODESE 130. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE 61Axorr8rEn.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARR OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINBITHS HARROP'S FOR DASSINEVES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES EARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSIRRTTBS HARROP'S FOR BABSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTEIS CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE ARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOI..

Never Cross the Bridge before you come to it.' Many people do. Their lives are full of forebod- lig fears, depresred spirits, meeting troubles More than belt-way, teeing life through black- varnished spectacles, morbid, gloomy, cadaverous. Send your fears and dreads to the moles and bats by taking Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, the finest remedy in the World for the cure of Indigestion, Wind on the Stomach, Biliousness, Liver Com- plaints, hc. Every hard-driven business man, every.tired, weary house-wife, every working-man and woman Often prevented by their workina conditions from taking sufficient exercise, should take Page Wood- cock's Wind Pills. Bev. I. P. Dickerson writes from 58, Weimer - road, Plumstead, 8 E.:—"After hiving thoroughly tested your invaluable Wind Pills, I am fully pre- Pared to affirm that there are none to equal them, In my extensive travels I have tried all sorts of Pills. I give all preference to your Wind Pills. I atn glad to tell you they have quite cured me. Use nay name as you please." Page Woodcock's Wind Pals being purely Yoga- table, Tasteless,and Mild and Tonic in their action, may be taken with perfect safety by the most deli- cate of either sea. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicina Vendors az le. I. and 2s. 9d ; post free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

NO MORE FITS DR. FANYMPS FAMOUS FRENCH TREATMENT Never fails to obtain Radical Cures. .PITS, STOP IN 2 WEEKS. PULL PARTICULARS AND PAMPHLET SENT FREE BY o.ieit ao, Great Russell St., W.C., London. WARNER'S -.42‘ 3E5 31EI ICT 3Er• HAS DIO EQUAL FOR 'LIVER TROUBLES, STONES, INDIGESTION. J. Vir Z. SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH lIANTS. —" For over ten years I suffered from ex• • treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousne,s, caUsing indigestion and loss of appetite. Failing to get permanent relief fiorn the 'arious medicines and treatments tried. I Persuaded to try Warner's Safe Core look it for about five months, and a, wre.sult fully recovered my former good health. 1161 I have enjoyed ever since. It is no,.v ve Years since my recovery, and I have soI fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —(Nirs.) MARY ANN lIART. A Clergyman. RUEBY, STRETTON UNDER. FossE._ " Nothing suits rue so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL. Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/6 per bottle, of Chemists & Dealers.

..- 4 .• q' i... • 41' ' ,4t.,' 4'lr '4. Y.'-'"i• . , c. .: . .i- . •1.: t', ," • ..• -' , .;, --:' e. ' • PD ISPENSIBLE TO LADIES I Par Cu! those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-Injurious tensed, for all obstructions and irregularities, a medl- tine wbich cures (usually in a few hours) cases which Lave baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady iseed despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Yew! Immutable remedy took Immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopelessness.' A properly certified parantee is encWsed with testimonials and medicine. re Package at 410 is usually sufficient for any ease. tadles send at once fully directed envelope for pardon- acit % and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- t cnials are not genuine.* Thousands of unsolicited artiraonials have been received. Do not be misled by -400.°1 advertisements and other so-called reinedics 'lda are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Norica,—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have rilS largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and "111 harmless medicine of its kind for ladies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Female ferneclies put together in twelve months. This can °e Proved by our Testimonials. If You require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid t ook (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, 60 pages and 40, illustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established overt 200 Years. -- -,-- Do not delay, but write at once privately to MADAMEIFRAIN, 44041 Institute, Hackney Road, London," Lg. (OPPO'"e Shoreditch Church.) ...._

A CERTAIN CURE FOB CONSTIPATION. BILIOUSNESS. DYSPEPSIA, RETCHING, WIND, SICK HEADACHE, "u ALL COMPLAINTS OF TEE LIVER AND KIDNEYS )71-:"..V.451P*'" ;4t:o;.,tper „ ra 14, 0444 44.• • 't 1 a VA. 1", Ar A4ll'l k.).;•1,1 N •`1:. )4 n Infallible Remedy for Bright's Disease. Don't be without them. eetka to is. lid. Box. Order at once of your Chemist. or L T PILL COMPANY, Fenehureh-buildings, London, B.C.

T . 'I3WLE,sEL "y-tapii & STE LS rOF? FENIALC.I.:. 1117101Imir mayor am illagoirasanzeiszarovig au.• 'BBTarcrrrotis, awl relieve the distressing symptoms so r.reecifest with theses. Boxes, 1/4 & 2/9 (eontsins three miss the quantity), oc all Chemists. Bent Anywhere receipt of 16 or 84 stamps t_by E. T. TOWLE a Ca..,aluniseturara. . • a St" Nottingham- i • ..1.......• • w.r .., . •

These tiny Capsules relieve Riduey and madder trouble IA TA• promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, 4•J k • aud cure in forty-eight hours. ;4 the same diseascs without' inconvenience. lq:-Ich Capsule I I) Is' bears the name Vilely.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 36 ;.7." from WILCOX a CO., 83,Mortimer St.,London,W.

POSTAL D FORMATION. •I'OST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. _- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted , with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton. Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Prodahatn, Hetaby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lynam, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatiey Heath, Croft. Pad gate, Stockton Heath. Stretton, Warburton. and Wools• ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, Mataileaffeld, Stock. port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, sJurham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales. and FOrelgn. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southnort, sad the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North 'Nate!' and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Rune trn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, Smith Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, i Nor, humberland, end Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Fa tern iliand and Southern Counties, Crewo, Mid-Liheshire, Central Wales, and Foleign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexhtrn. LI %alibi inn, Shrewabury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, southport, Ormskirk, B ith. Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester. Plymouth. Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancsatiire. West Conch rland, W.gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool, Southport, Birkenlieul, Northwhich Nantwich and Sanobach 2-45 p.m. —Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. Ilelsby, Whines, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and fiewehurcis, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3•15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Heaney 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manobeater 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chest or 5.45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborcei Eat, Linlo,nshire. mon, Preston, N.-E. Latwashire, and Vest Oumber- land , 5_45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Q tecnstown and the P.S.America 6-15 p,.—Towle Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, .itcl ocrtlau 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despalch. All Parts —lO-40, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign .r.etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.tn • 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m except on 'Mined tys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EA.ELESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD Orrice ... High-st., Newton PoSTAL&STER Xtr.Jaines Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m, $ The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m, and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. lilfßncenyLOrrdoesrLa—ndpaSraceviln, Savings Batik a9ta imo..lstoa6.mp. m 2. PARCEL -15 •, , 7-15 pan„ and 8 p.m. LarrxBa DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and mitts an extra half-penny stamp.

RECEIVING RoUSE, RUG-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS:—

Bracing! Refreshing Invigorating! ADD A LITTLE COndY9S Fluid rier TO YOUR BATH. The effect is magical, Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying "CONDY'S FLUID."

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG w I Til surrounded wu"i w thhatingaismchmaarfieonoarmlAsiwreori—ernse. that whenrperhaps YOU press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im. Dression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till deabtehinrgel ue ee rs a tyeodu ; Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals 'rod had medical advice, and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am. putation ; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Bend at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINODON-STREET Losmott, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the curs of Bad Legs •lou s maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pots> iel fan Bunions. (Registered Copyright.)

IMPORTANT TO YOU. When a man has suffered for years with a weakness that blights Ws life and robs him of all his pleasures ; when, after years of doctoring with all sorts of patent medicines. he finds at lest the right treatment, which brings back to him the power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that man should have every reason to be thankful. A MEDICAL TREATISE (99 Pages) on this seientific and most successfal method for the rapid and permanent cure of Nervous Debility and the kindred physical and ervous ailments, also on Diseases of the Skin, Bladder, Blood, and Urinary System may be obtained by post, in nvelope, on receipt of 4 Stamps, by writing to day to liametis. WILKINSON AND CO.. 3 AND 4, FLIZALAN-SQUARB. SHEFFIELD. Every married and single men should avail himself of the opportunity to secure a cony of this valuable book, which thoroughly explains the different ailments arising from business worry and their rapid and permanent cure. Br POST, SEALED. ADDRESS_ Messrs. WILKINSON 8c Co Fitza,lan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (63 YEARS.)

, v 0 0 '• it 0 W " .ap, 'V Mas\\\ EXTRACT 4 OF HERBS iiitt,-. FOR MAKING NON-INTOXICATING BEER. ..",.. /14PP,,,-;,.„.„.• Imitated but not equalled. One Tadeopoonfol of hiaaon'a Extract of Fb.rba makes One Gall nof enlendid Beer. A Gli. BOTTLE •IMP. GALLAS PRIME BEER makes V The most palatable, thlret-quenehlou, refreshinr, =meting tonic drink produceable. For every OPEN-AIR WORKER and all emplOPal in kihope,Mills Manufactories and Mines. Agents WIRIta. 6119411 settle Free 9 Stamps, 2 for 15 Stamps. Of all ollemirte end storm or of NEWBALL I_MASON, NO

CLARK'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in either all acquired or constitutional Discharges ftom the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the bat k. Free from Mercury. IteMblisbed upwards of 3) ,ears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Clienatas and Patent Medicine Vendors through out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lincoln and Midi...rid Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt

TOBACCONISTi Commencing.—See Guid 259 pages) 31. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co. 186, 'Ruston-road London Hairdressers Med.—Manager it MYERS.— dvt.

the Royal lAundressea ay Critch.ev a" STARCH GIASR is nnem.alled or imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen. ac., either cold or boiling water starch. Corn- wal, Biwa : My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-ealled Starch Glazes end Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3,1., and M., hv most starch sPllers. If not in stock will procure it. T, CaitcßLoc Blackburn. Proprietor.— dvt.

Many People Wonder why Scott's Emulsion is so effec- tual when other remedies and other forms of cod-liver oil are of no avail. The reason is really i„,„ simple enough. Scott's Emulsion excels especially in the purity of its ingre- dients and in their manipulation. SCIAtt9S Isi

is not an ordinary preparation by any means. It combines cod-liver oil, hypophosphites and glycerine in such perfect proportions, and is such a perfect and permanent emulsion, that it has won its way into the favour of the medical profession of the whole world. Delicate people who could not take plain oil find Scott's Emulsion not only agreeable to the taste but acceptable to the stomach as well. When you want real strength and flesh to resist disease or chronic ailments TASTE SCOTT'S EMULSION AND YOU WILL TAKE NO OTHER. SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E.C. - ALL CHEIIISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6.

ezizai>= b vt.o, . . dt, CURES when all other Remedies fail , IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND MORINO ANC SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions, It Soft er ii ind Removes all hard callosities on the as of the let. If you suffer, try a box, you will ver regret it. Boxes, 1/j. of all Chemists. N. BEEMAN & SON, ChemIsts,HELTENHIM

0, Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their o rich and delicious flavour. Sold in r.aiall and large bottles by ( Grocers in every town. 41,7i/104/WtAl\"k",l),Wavitotk,sl-1

FLORIDINE !—FO THE TEETH AND BREATH.— Th010111:111 elVarlAts the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, harden the gums, prevents tartlr, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Zs. ed. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilint " Powder." of all Clemiste and Perfumers.- 1 dvt'

LATEST NEWS. THE WAR. THE AMERICAN TROOPS LANDED IN CUBA. MOLE Sr. NICHOLAS, THIIRSDAY. Advices have been received here from Playadelestes• near Santiago, that 5,000 of General Shifter's trocpi were safely landed thereat two o'clock yesterday. Ther actually disembarked at Messrs. Carnegie's wharf,which before the war was used for the shipment of the iron-ore' which Messrs. Caraegie i:nported from mines some miles inland. By midnight ad the troops were landed. TH.E CAPTURE OF CA.VITE. BARCELOMA, THURSDAY. The journal" Guerra" publishes a detailed acoount of ' events in Manila. According to the correspondent, the British Consul has been displaying great partiality tO* , wards Americans. When the Spaniards abandoned Cavite it is added the Americans allowed the populace to pillage the town, and the natives looteil the place SO thoroughly that they even took the clothes from the ; backs of the Spanish residents. ATTACK ON AN ENGLISH CONSULATE. The Cadiz correspondent of the " New York Herald telegraphs that a mob of ieactionaries made a violent' attack en the English Consulate there, but were dile' persed by the police. THE EAST HERTFORDSHIRE ELECTION, RESULT OF THE POLLING. The result of the polling in East Herts was declared - at Hertford on Thursday morning as follows : Mr. Evelyn Cecil (C) 4,118 Mr. R. Spencer (L)... 3,850 --- Majority The palling at the rccsnt elections in the constituency was as follows :- 1885. 1892. Smith (C) Cowper (f.,) Majority ............ 1,236 Majori,y 1886. 1895. Smith (0) unopposed. Smith (C) unopposed. DEFEAT, OF THE CAPE GOVERNMENT, VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE CARRIED. Cepa Tows, TIIVIISDAY. Mr. Schreiner's resolution expressing want of confid- ence in the Ministry of Sir Gordon Sorigg has bees carried in the House of Assembly by 41 votes to 36. Oa the announcement of tho figures the Assembly adjourned. THE RUMOURED ROYAL ENGAGE lIENT. A Birmingham correspondent states that th; gossiP current yesterday at the Royal Agricultural show, now being held in that city, pointed to Lord Revelstoke, the head of the Baring family, as the Pen concerned in the rumoured engagement of Princess Victoria of Wales. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-west of England (includ- ing Manchester, Liverpool, and Holyhead) was issued at the Matereological Office at three o'clock yesterday afternoon : Southerly and south-westerly winds ; I gale ; squally ; rainy ; unsettled.

PERSONAL PURITY, as a preservative of health and 3 preventive of disease, has been a subject of absorbing public interest for years. To get the body invigorated I the nerves braced, and the system generally toned up • in short to enjoy all the strengthening and exhilarating effects of a sea bath in the house, you simply have to keep a bottle of Condy's Fluid at hand and put a little in tke Bath; the magical effect of Condy's Fluid in purify- ing the skin from all fetid and unhealthy ernanationS has secured for it the attribute of " The Perfume of Purity."

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Enamellette,and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. AGENTS McLEAN AND CO., 13, BRIM-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Enamellette,and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. AGENTS: McLEAN AND CO., 13, Num-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

lIXORLSIOR and SIM 110 Wl3 CYCLl{3,—CianLairD Ironmonger, Warrington. Nw RAPID CYC LES. —GARLAND, 51, Bridge.street. Warrington. CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS.—Ion GALIN, Stationer, dm., 3, Brido-street, Warrington

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE 1) E NTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may ba arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost fo work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An!ELD., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extoriftegin ass haelerth. by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,060 gallons weekly. DIM. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST lITZDZLIN.) MANCHESTER, 46, IIOSLEY-STREET, (Na.T. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TU ESDAYS, at Mrs. Masa WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Stszianr-gi RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BMIDGB-BT. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEXARENT-ST.

DEATHS. RUNCORN. BARROW—On ths 19th inst., at Helton, Albert George, son et Mr. Henry Barrow. aged 6 years. BURERILL—On the 22nd inst., at 21, Cavendish street, Run- corn, Jahn Daniel, son of Mr. John Barkhill. aged 14 months. OIRTER—On the 17th inst., at 17, Collier-street, Frederick son of Hr. William Carter, aged 21 months. DEACON—On the 18th inst., at Halton, James Edward, eon of Mr. James Edward Deacon, aged 2 days. FOWLER—On the 21st inst., at 25, Taylor-street, Mr. Thomas Eaton Fowler, aged 54 years. 11•813 y—On the 19th inst:, at Preseot Terrace, Runcorn. Sarah, wife of Mr. Samuel liasby. aged 75 years. HILDIGE—On the 17th inst. at 26. Wiven Place, Sarah Howard, wife of Mr. David Howard Hildige, aged 64 years. WHITBY—On the 20th inst., at Birch Cottage, Weston, Sarah. widow of the late Mr. Thomas Whitby, aged 66 years. IN MEMORIAM. DAVIES —ln loving memory of Elizabeth, the beloved wife of L. Davies, 67, Priestley-street, Warrington, who died June 20th, 1597. " Gone, but not Forgotten."

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpley Station), S. T. WARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces. Monuments:l'omb Se Tablets. Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble. and Stone. Designs and Eatimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
