===== 0002601_18980930_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980930_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
L

FREE TO MEN. Wh tsre„„_!n Von are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious orlygotions and compounds, which do you no good, but your digestive organs write to me end I will send 'or ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure Nu._ at strength. wasting weakness, &c., from whatever Thiliptsing. NO STONEACEI MEDICINE, NO BMW- Sent in envelope on receipt ot two stamps for 4•1. z%Z-23 a-reat Russell-str t, London, W.O

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to Nirff .C,X. YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPkIIA every WED NE DAY. JOHN WALKER AN 0 CO., VtiI!!IAVW " EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR

ADELAIDE, -I-VI-ELBOULNE and SYDNEY ti STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND alould taks Minot, b theLOWEST RATES at JOHN W ALUM AND CO.,

MATS MATS.—Por GARDENERS and FURNITURE REMOVERS.—G. M. JoNas,9. Elaokfriars-street,Man- cheater.

HURDLES.—Wood Hurdles, Gates, etc.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-street (late Victoria Bridge).

rPO SKIP and BASKET MAK-ERS.—Oa Sale,Cane,Willow 1 Hazels, etc.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-street,l Blan- chester.

WINUS and SPIRITS ; finest quality.—Send for price Vet to G. M. iONEES, 9, Blackfriars-street, Manchester.

YEAST ! YEAST! !--"Eagle," •lialfmoon," "D. 0,1 1. 'Kangaroo" Brands.-4. M. Joan, 9, Blaokfriara- 'street, Manchester.

T. BIRTLE PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARE TAKEN INSTANTANdOUSLY.

-- F R ANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTIOIi OF WALL PAPERS

Alwayß in Stock. 30, SANKnY-STRABET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
I

, . . I ott f T,r3:3 Tl:irrti:fk '3 i,( i 1111 !Xi Y. 114 iY. 3 ci Ilt' ' ~,.:- .•!.,..''"'-= )1,10.1A :,. .i.'' c.:.:,1.Y.W2V4.41244%X.1111V1.41141141-4=gfriroiyar THE . 1.. p , BEANCO CYCLES s , 11. v . MANUFACTURED ET ' 44,--ditiFratt MANCHES. HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURQ,II. ( . • . , - ' .. _,, •-.., __ PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL: ! , . . . 'T -CLASS PRIV ATIS I'ISTRY. . 'lnecessary: but -anged. 'lons free. •oreband i. lderate ..

===== 0002601_18980930_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
HOOPING COUGH neecjf—tte—g. Ofall Chemists prie HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sol Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. Bowsaw & Sox. 157 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION!

===== 0002601_18980930_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
eQaratton.

I HOUSE, WOOSE, Newcastle, Staffs.—BOARDING- -1 SCHOOL for girls. Head Mistress Miss Richardson. Terms moderate. Next term begins, Monday September 9th.

- - RHE URA:VISA directly. I WOULD NOT Bb WITHOUT CPUr THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUM ATI S You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOU T shall be pleased t. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every miens, Yours truly, ALBERT MOMiTAIN." RADII'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. Ifd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain ADL'S ()OUT AND 411EO- MATIC PILLS. EADE s PILL'S

===== 0002601_18980930_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
(ThrtvrxeT sr El: MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET •

(NAT. TEX. NO. 166 o), LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET . EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Afri„, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS 3, SANiH RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BansGß-81.**- NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, ApprmEARKET4IT

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN 5T0.....,UT. PASS'S MILD -urn BITTER ALE& ALLSOPP'S MILD awn BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be bad in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! mimics ROAD, WARRINGTON. AlBO Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles, Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

TEETH.—A COMPLETE SET, 218. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq., M,P., says in his testimon al :--; "They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and are credit to you? H.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

I THE LEADING CLOTHIERS

8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Cl OPECIAL CIPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns I Leading Styles I I Popular Prices THE M.D.C. MUN' suns, 18/6 TO 50/ MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made I I Latest Out I! I

ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS TO MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT To MEASURE 28/6 ~ 60/- in Iligh-Class Scotch audit. shi TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &C., ttC. VALID] UNEQUALLED.

TFIE M.O.D. YOUTHS' AND 3UV aNILE D RPARTMENTS. TO MRRT THR 4RO WIND TADIi The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed.

A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. Tan M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND 1 CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, H ORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGT,ON.

TOPICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. lIMORELL,I7 and 18.4reat St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbnry W.C. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomn Moulding. Veneered awl Fancy Wood Mouldings, &c. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Speeds.) attention to oountry, orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pa ges containing all the newest designs for six Penny stamps, Glass Lists Frea monthly. Telegram RA BET I RY, London."

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED.

lIANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

AUTUMN SHOW OF FURS, SEAL CAPFS, AND COATS,

MANTLES, CAPES,

COSTUMES, AND COSTUME ,SKIRTS,

===== 0002601_18980930_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PATTERNS FREE BY POST OF nw

DRESS FABRICS &c.

FUNERALS FURNISHED ICOISIPLETRLY.

We Close on Wednesdays at 1 o'clock.

kiIIOSEY AND WALKER LIMITED.

82, 84, 86 AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET,

MANCHESTER.

WOMEN'S AILMENTs. I RREGULAEITIES. em.— Lad> , having tried in rain every advertised rem.euy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, widen will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-file sufferers can get it FREE of CHARG by enclosing star ped envelope. Don't experiment E with Worthless Pills, Mixtures Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and COMPD. DENO] to Mrs. O. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buiklings chancery-lase, Lo d u.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
V ''.. ~ f,.• .±-1!Lil 7 •

===== 0002601_18980930_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
1 LADIES' LETTER

1 MT DaAa Nximix, iToques are extremely wide in front, and decors, -tad with twists and folds of contrasting velvets, a favourite combination being blue and orange. i;Poppy-red is the early autumn colour for millinery, t land is seen in chiffon for bows on hat and neck, ! in currants, cherries, and even tiny tomatoes, these i latter usually on wide•brimmed Leghorns. Entire ! amines of red velvet are so covered with block 1 'feathers and choux of chiffon that they are not too brilliant of hue.

A charming hat is of black velvet, turned up in front with a huge rosette of rose miroir velvet, centred with a paste and silver ornament, and lbehind this sweeping to the side are two tine lack plumes. r Short coats of red cloth are trimmed with black dar and adorned with military braiding, and these Viave already been worn, but principally with black skirts, and with black hats showing many plumes. For coats and capes, the leading colours 'appear to be blue in several dull shades of the gendarme order, mulberry, dark red, and a deep lawn, almost verging on beaT

A particularly handsome coat and skirt is of Venetian cloth. The skirt is plain, and the coat perfect fitting, with a prettily scalloped basques, edged with Persian lamb. The large revers are laced with some beautiful fur, or even with paltry, which will be as fashionable during the coming season as it has been for several winters past. Very narrow borderings of fur will appear on winter garments, and the frilled capes slope down In shawl fashion at the back, and the frills are Leaded by the narrow fur. Even fur capes have frills and flounces of fur, and fur ties with tails or balls have large bows of fur, which are neither graceful nor pretty, but will probably be worn as a change from the too common crossed boa.

For winter wear for a young girl coats and skirts should be made in cloth and braided with black, or gold mixed braid. A hat to wear with this should be of the Lady Blanche shape of pale grey and trimmed with fancy parrot mounts.

Chic little coats fitted to the figure, and totally distinct and in contrast to the skirt, will he a leading feature in autumn fashions. Some of the trimmings used on the3e coats are exceedingly showy, but the great consideration is to fit the figure very closely, the basque shrunk and curved until it sets without a wrinicle. A costume made with one of these coats can be made in a dark grey cloth, relieved with hip pockets, cuffs, and rever of .palest silvery grey cloth, and trimmed with a narrow band of chinchilla fur. The buttons are of cut steel and pearl, the belt of pale grey leather, and the skirt is of light grey Venetian cloth. _

, The blouse is still with us-, but dressmakers speak of it as out of date, or suggest the separate bodice as impossible. Deapil e this fact, the blouse is still .in request, and is met at smart resorts, at decidedly fashionable restaurant dinners, and is beloved of the woman who is paying a round of country house visits. True, the glaring contrast of a black skirt and distinctly separate blouse is no longer approved, but it is so easy to select a blouse in accordance with some particular skirt, and not only one, but two or three blouses, which so eclipse the ekirt that it is barely noticed. Blouses for autumn wear are in soft woollens, trimmed ruchings of ribbon, grouped lines of satin or velvet, square yokes outlined by applique motile, or insertions of lace or gimp, or are without trimmings, and elaborated by tucks and cordings. For morning wear, plaid flannel or combinations of plain and tartan veiling are useful, and all glace silks are lined with nun's veiling. Broche velvet, printed and spotted velveteen, and cashmere with printed lace designs are also employed for the übiquitous blouse. New tea gowns and tea jackets of the daintiest description are now being shown. A charming tea gown is of turquoise•blue silk, trimmed in an original way with frills of creamy lace. This gown .fs made in an entirely new style with folds of white crepe de chine in the front of the bodice and down the centre of the sleeves. The belt is of white satin finished off with rosettes of the same, and from beneath it falls a frill of lace, form. ing a short basque, which extends into waterfall frills down the skirt on either side of the front gahta kind of fichu over over the tops of the thwiedtahh.oulTdehres lanacde halaenogfaornin sleeves, which are laced over thi. crepe de chine with satin ribbons and trimmed with rosettes. Your loving Jur/3.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

-UTIFUL TEETH or ell who nes daily ort the tooth brush a fesv grow ot SOZODONT, the plealanteet dent:tea in the world.

Torpid Liver, Bile. Banda, Complexion, and Sick Henda,ches promptly: and cure them so as to 5t....y 9ared. Chit, is. 1'4.4'

Cleanses the;;th and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. • /Aak fr SOZODONT. 2&d

2 McDOTTGALL'S PATH= SELF-RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGESTION.

• ‘ ; tr.::: 'sm.,' Ail. i s* 1-1.14.11,1kii -...:1,111 7 - .5-..'-`,.... ) st. -Y.' „ k „ dh,? .., ' fret: --- ,e•<;0, is-", ' • • 7 ,".•?'• , i . " :... ) „.... ; -J.:• . ‘7,.. c;•://, -44 --.;:" 'I • V:,.:,...:','.."*. ;` 9 • 4, .r. 7 ! f:d.e;•.::r,',2:0::.: ).•;:y ‘ , .e,:::,. 7.,4i,:•,,,, - ' ...1,.....:z4. ... k .4s‘.:*•"/'' '' , 4:...t. . j&`,;:i,t/ , '• ',- ' ......../ ''''...- '',...."' z- ^ • rt .. - . ' N Cr . <.:.'... :' I •-• -lb p <

bver. r -,-;-•-c-'" ' - ...- • A 4: 4 % . S. fl, i ;•:;.,-, IP , , , , ... lA,. . ‘ckk . ,i , ' • ..'1 /17/il .• . 7 • .k 0 4.14 . ', • ' ,f.b., ~,„_ •.__:, . 6,,,,.:,,,,, ft,„,..., I • IA( .•‘,.,%, 41k. i 1311% 1.1 ..,,k,:. 1/.4 i,:•••:. 1 ..'lt ..,. ''',' , 1.......: • .% . V...........: . 1:1‘1 • ..1 ,

ao----''< c... 1 t i t 9 0 \ \I j t , • \ \ \\ ''''i '' \1 \. ~,- '\ • , ' ‘',.., A •

ilifits HEAIr ---

Smai! Z..aIP. Dose. Aft gm. 4 Price, -'4• ITT Forty la IVE R vial. ?Drat 0 Ve - Care

===== 0002601_18980930_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The marriage of Princess Fedora of Meiningen,which took place at Breslan the other day,was of some interest to our Royal Family, the young bride being a grand- daughter of the Empress Frederick, and a great grand- daughter of the Queen. Her Majesty sent her youthful descendant a magnificent silver tea set, and an Indian ehawl,and was represented at the wedding by Sir Frank Lascelles.

The Emperor and Empress of Germany sent their neice a handsome dinner service, but, their Majesties did not attend the ceremony. This fact has been melon commented upon in Berlin. That no urgent business kept the Kaiser and Kaiserin away is evident, as from Selten they went, via Berlin, to the shooting castle of Rominten in East Prussia.

The younger daughter of the Empress Dowager of Rnssia, the Grand Duchess Olga, is, it is said, likely to be betrothed very shortly to her cousin, Prince Allred of Coburg. The young Grand Duchess is a splendid horse- woman,and an excellent linguist, and is a great favorite with all the members of her family. Slri is much with her brother and sister-in-law. the Czar and Czarina, and is simply adored in the Imperial nursery. There is some talk of the Grand Duchess paying a brief visit to the Queen at Windsor, during the corning winter. Apart from its adornment, a Royal bridal gown is not usually, more than ordinarily costly. It is the lace upoia it which brims the builder's account to such enormous dimensions. This in many instances has reached £2.000 for the entire dress, while in others the sum total has been larger still. When the Princess of Wales was mar- ried sho wore lace to the value of £lo,ooo—a present frcm the King of the Belgians.

Nowadays, the most that is spent by Royal brides on, boots and shoes is £5O to £lOO. The Duchess of F.fe on her marriage gave an order for three dozen pairs. For- merly it was no unusual thing for a fashionable boat- maker to receive an order for a gross of boots and shoes, and his litt'e bill usually totalled up to £250. As a matter of fact,our own princes and prince3.sea were each provided with twelve dozen pairs. The traditional idea that marriages are made,or rather consummated in the spring-time of the year,is all wrong, as statistics clearly show. It ia in the autumn,rather at the. fall of tLe leaf than at its b'rth, that the world does its marrying and giving in marriage. The season is not S 3 symbolically pretty,t he trees *recasting off their sum- mer glory, the flown have faded, and the sun has ceased to be constant, but despite all drawbacks of this description, the last three months of the year are the most favoured by those who are about to marry. In poetry it is in the spring that young men's fancies turn to thoughts of love and marriage. In fact it is the late autumn.

The ritual of the Greek 'church ordains that solemn betrothal precedes the actual marriage, in which are wed a gold :and silver wedding ring, blessed by the priest, the gold ring being given to the man, the silver ring to the woman. The form of the espousal is then repeated, and the rings are placed on the right hands, and then exchanged, that no inferiority may be be- tokened by the woman wearing the silver ring, and also to indicate a common ownership of tiroperty. The Duchess of Bedford who has just been plunged into mourning by the death of her mother, is one of our three literary Duchesses. Like the Duchess of Cleveland (the mother of Lord Rosebery) and Sutherland, she has contribute 3 many articles to various magszines. She married in 11388, and tier eldest son, Lord Tavistock, is now in his tenth year. The Duchess is an excellent shot and devoted to country puratai.

Woburn Abbey, the seat of the Duke of Bedfor3, is surrounded by a magnificent park, in which all kinds of deer, white antelopes, yaks, llamas, and even zebras are to be seen roving about, while on the lakes and ponds, any numb.r of quaint birds ab)und. The pine woods near, are exceeding picturesque, and the whole property is admirably managed under the personal supervision of the Duke. The Abbey was built in 1744 by John, Duke of Bedford, on the site of the ancient abbey. The man- sion contains a most valuable art collection, chef d'eeuvre being the ce:ehrated Bedford vase. The Bed- ford diamonds are superb,and the Duchess boasts among hrr cullection a crown of there stones, nearly two inches in height.

Castle Boro, Enniecorthy. where Lord and Lady Carew have been entertaining a large house party, is a stately home, and the gardens are josty famed for their beauty, the six terraces and three lakes being a marked feature of the pleasure grounds. These terrace l were made in order to give work to any starving labourers who came to Castle Boro, during the famine of 1798. The library with its unique collection of volumes, is an interest.ng room, for, with the quaint humor of a bygone age, the entrance to the staircase leading to the gallery has been so deftly concealei, that only those who know the secret can slide aside the panel and enter. . .

Lads' Carew, whose philanthropic work is so well known, is the possessor of the most magnificent uncut ruby in the world. The stone which weighs 130 carats, is about the size of a large walnut, and like many other rubies, is pierced from end to end, along its greatest diameter. A magnificent diamond blazes on the clasp which holds it to its chain.

Whit-e-g-jWne-ha-;e-P-;;;ed so universally becoming that even with the fear of chill October before their ' eyes, up-to date women have refuted to give them up. Muslin and prenadines have been exchanard for cloth, cashmere and serge, and instead of lace, and ribbons, narrow borderines of fur—salsle or mink tail for choice —adorn these particular frocks. White felt hats trimmed with white mirror velvet, and either white wings or ostrich feathers, are built to accompany the gowns. ' It is whispered that bonnets are coming in again arranged with strings ! This may be so, but it is not likely to be yet. The very name bonnet sounds dowdy, and suggests age. No one grows old nowadays. If we do rot wear hats we wear toques, which are infinitely more youthful in appearance and name. Modistes will have to wait until the craze for taking a quarter of a century off our age has diminished somewhat, ere they try to persuade us to don bonnets. Sacque coats are well to the fore this autumn. In many of the newest, the sleeve is carried up is a point to the neck, thus doing away with shoulder pleats alto- gether. The mode is just a little trying to all but perfect figures, still this ts not likely to prevent the novelty lover from indulging in the idea. The woman question is apparently coming to the front in Germany. At last women have wearied of their restricted lives,and are revolting against being brought up to depend entirely on the chance of marriage. They evidently intend to procure further opportunities in the way of education,and that their sphere shall be widened. Switzerland may be said to be a pioneer among Euro- pean countries, in respect of the higher education of our sex. In some of the English and Scotch medical col- leges, female students are admitted,and there are besides several university colleges for women. In Denmark,the University of Copenbagen,now more than 400 yoars old, admits women on squat terms with men, to all tranches, except theology. Women have already distinguished themselves in me- dicine, philosophy, stc., and now one of our sex, Mn.

-- To MOTHIERS. —Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been for over fifty years bv millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer Immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet Sleep, by relieving the child from pain stnd the little cherub awakes as bright as a bution."o fal ~!. chemists Is. lid. per bottle.—Arirt.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,— II your hair is turning grey Or White or falling off Use the MEXICAN H AIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. In every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes tbehair charmln gip beautiful, as well as promotingithej growth. Price 33. 6d. er 139tt1e.—Adst.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
James ?airman, has come right to the front with her law work in the United States. Her daughter, Miss E. H. ?airman, has also taken up law, with the object of I writing and teaching others the same pursuit. The success wkich Mrs. ?airman and her daugeter have at- tained, will be encouraging to those of our sex who pro- pose taking up tke study of law, acquaintance with which will be of vast benefit to many,as business worsen or owners of property. A capital way in which to wash quilts of eider down is as follows :—Make suds of lukewarm water, and the best laundry soap. Put in the quilt and wash it thoroughly, being careful not to rub soap on it. Such a procedure causes it to shrink in spots,and is undesirable in every way. Toe best eiderdown will not impoverish and will bear hard and frequent washings. It must be well and repeatedly shaken after it is washed, the more, and oftener the better, and hung in the sun, or near a good fire, but not too near. Apple Jam.—To every six pounds of fruit allow Bye pounds of sugar, three cloves, the juice of three lemons, and a dash of cinnamon. Tare, core, and slice the aPPles and place them in the preservi g pan with the other in- gredients, and just sufficient water to keep them from burning. Boil for about an h our, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. " MADGE." A TARPORLEY GROOIE IN TROUBLE.

To hunting people all over the kingdom, Tarporley in Cheshire, with its ancient and cdebrated hunt, is well known. The town is situated amid the prettiest pastoral scenery in tho county, almost under the shadow of the historic Beeston Castle, with Peckforton Castle, the seat of Lord Tollemsche, in close proximity. A Chester journalist, fond of rambling in the vicinity, In the course of his peregrinations, became acquainted with an affair that excited his curiosity, and forthwith made it a matter of further enquiry. The rumours all concerned a Mr. Adair, and at the White Hall, Tarporlev, the reporter found Mr. Thomas Adair, a groom in the service of ths owner of the property. He stated what bad come to his ears, and ths facts were not denied by Adair.

Asked if he would furnish further details: "Man," Adair answered, "I was just eaten up with rheumatism throughout my body. I WA.S first attacked with neur- algia at the back ot my head, and the muscles of my neck; the pain was so great that I could get no sle.p at night. That was three years ago,and since then, my joisti—knees, ankles, and elbows—have swollen to double their natural size. lam 34 years of age,married, with my wife and family in Scotland, and I was advised to go back there, but I have been in my present service twelve years, and I didn't want to abandon it."

"But you have not to!cl me yet what cured you," ex- claimed the prspsman. . " Cured me !" he exclaimed in astonishment, as if I must have known all about it. " Why.it was Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read about these pills in a book issued by the proprietors, and made up my mind at once to try them. I did so and by the time I had taken the contents of one box f found myself very much bettor."

" Well, and what then ?" " What then," he laughingly retorted. " Why I went on, of course, with another box, and by the time I had taken three boxes I found myself perfectly cured. That was a few months ago, and lam now feeling myself batter than ever I was in my life. lam certain that it was Dr. Williams' Pink Pills that cured major I took no other remedy. You may publish," be added, " what I have told you : it is all true, and thankful I am that I was led to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I may tell you that my anster,when he learnt how I became cured,ex- pressed his astonishment and pleasure." Mr. William Dagnall, the coachman in the same ser- vice, st ited that he had known Mr. Adair over twelve years, who, until his recent illness, always had good health. Then he was afflicted with rheumatism all over him, but since taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills he is a different man altogether. There have been more cases of rheumatism cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills than any other disorder,except, perhaps, anremia : both arise from the blood. These Pills (which are genuine only with full name, Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2s. Sd. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.) act directly on the blood,nerves, and spine. and thus it is-that they are so famous for the cure of paralysis, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, neuralgia, con- sumption, rickets, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous head- ache.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE EXAMINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30 1898

(All rigida reserved.) THE

Linn With several Counimnpiace ouservations, Lie added playfully: "You and I sail under false colours. We are outcasts in a land that gate neither of us birth."

Mark involuntarily winced at this thrust, for the innuendo was a cord that twisted upon my friend's heart. I was embarrassed, for I fully realised our precarious position. The rich colour left Mark's clear skin, and he flashed a searching glance at Mum.

"I want compensation for the loss of two hundred and seventy head of cattle." "The Mexican law-courts are open to those who desire litigation," Muro significantly replied, "but the process is a costly one. If you start legal proceedings with a shirt on, you may be minus one in the end. Law is an expensive luxury, and often unsatisfactory even to the successful client, when he sees his bill of costs. Ah ! a happy thought! Get the beautiful Lucia Diaz to be your Portia." Mark gave a gesture of indignation, for the measured insult stung him. "Take my advice," sneered Muro, "play the chicken and shelter yourself under the American wing. There are hawks about, and fledglings are not safe alone. Thank your lucky stars that I gave my word of honour for your safe escort; but it did not include your impudent, red-haired little Scotch- man. Californian sentiment is against foreigners. and you both share the odium. Go!" "Foreigners!" reiterated Mark, fearlessly folding his arms upon his broad chest, and scornfully eyeing the freebooter. "The lawless appear to be first favourites!"

Muro laughed ironically. My heart seemed to stop with dread as a slight scuffle in the inner room and a gentle shaking of the curtains across the open door warned me of danger. Muro's hand was upon the hilt of his knife. I watched him with the eyes of a falcon, and a feint even had roused the worst part of my nature. I would he shot the rascal without the least compunction had he attacked Mark Pepys. I touched my friend's arm, and the wrathful intent on his face relaxed immediately. He wheeled round and winked at me, which meant waiting his time for retaliation.

"Foes lurk behind the curtain" I whispered. Mark defiantly looked over his shoulder, and Muro bowed with the dignified grace of a medieval courtier. Then arm-in-arm we strolled out, dis- gusted with the buffoonery of Mexican justice. As we passed through the camp Mark's lip were com- pressed and his cheeks flushed. His high reputa- tion and courage alone saved him from the soldiers' insults and gibes. Our Indian retainer, Pecos the hunchback, awaited us as though we were recovered from the jaws of ,10th. "Senorita Lucia Diaz," said he, plaintively, "hath sent to warn thee of danger. Sh• says the eagle is preparing to worry the lion." "We shall not be kicked out like dogs with the mange," replied Mark defiantly. "Muro has thrown down the glove. I accept the challenge." A "pard " handed him a printed paper, and as he read it he laughed in his sunny-hearted way. "A Mexican proclamation, calling on all honest citizens to exterminate us. This is sooner said than done. Sandy, whip the lads together; scour the country for volunteers. We will fight to extremity, refuse quarter, and leave the British- speaking races to avenge our deaths!" The clash of arms and the clarion note of battle were to stir the settlers against Mexican perfidy. Muro, quick-witted and fiery, endeavoured to take time by the forelock; but within a week we had gathered a motley band of men, who were, perhaps, better pioneers than colonists, of roving dis- position, plucky at close quarters, smart as sharp- shooters, and experienced at "brushes" with Indians. But Muro's unmitigated ruffians knew the trails, and were comparatively safe among the rugged mountain!, of a sparsely-populated country. One terribly dark night our bivouac was in a dense wood. A hurricane of rain put out our tires. I went the rounds at midnight, drenched to the skin, and aching in every limb. Mark's turn was at cock-crow. On relieving guard a Cali- fornian volunteered to remain until three a. m., as lie felt quite wideawake and able to bear the strain. Praising his self-sacrifice, I returned to my tent. We were all dead beat, and sleep came tP our relief. Our patrols were exhausted, and their endurance severely tested ; for sleepless nights and hazardous days will try the most faith- ful. Some slept at their posts ; but the volunteer watchman kept his vigil with uncommon pluck. So well did the treacherous ally fulfil his promise that he betrayed us into the hands of Mum. Mark and I were overpowered as we slept, and the whole camp surprised with such subtlety that the faintest resistance was a mad bid for death —an ignominious hanging by the neck, without even the merciful drop and dislocation. All the lads were disarmed, and, having received a caution that if they opposed Moro again they would be summarily dealt with, were dismissed. Mark and I were marched prisoners into the enemy's camp, amid the triumphant shouts of a rapacious horde, half savages, and notoriously cruel. We were to be sport for these merciless raiders, and we reckoned that nothing short of a miracle could save us from a lingering death.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SECRET OF MARK PEPYS.

Br FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean

Marlou," 'q:Or. Dobbs," to.

CHAPTER I. STRIKINO THE EXTICOTIL

My long residence as a mountaineer In the wilder districts of California, where the interest of this narrative is centred, is a guarantee that I wish to draw upon my memory rather than my imagina- tion. My story concerns the exploits of say comrade and employer, Mark Pepys, a giant among us Britishers, generous, good-tempered, fearless, and brave as a young lion. Whence he came, why, how he obtained his money, and his upbringing, were questions of speculation until a pretty woman, named Lucia Din; began to win his love and entice his confidence.

There was a charm of romance about the desire of Lucia to effect a conquest of Mark's heart. The couple had met at dances prior to the estrangement between the Mexicans and Saxons—brought about by the evident plan of the American troops to annex California. The frankness of Mark's character, his robust health, his dark laughing eyes, his fine physique and firmly-chiselled features, and, above all, the ardent nature of his wooing, enthralled the lovely Senorita—the daughter of a deceased Castilian grandee, proud of her lineage, and fond of the environment of Western pastoral life, with its gaiety, chivalry and adventure.

At first their meetings were casual and accidental, but the observant soon noticed the increasing regularity of their courting, and that they enjoyed each other's society and basked in the glamour of love's glowing sunshine. The warmth of Lucia's impulse strengthened her desire to win the man whose gallantry inspired her passion with poetic enchantment. It was the old, old story remodelled. The finest Saxon of those parts had been attracted by the loveliness, the naivete, the culture, of a graceful Spaniard. Her melting, languorous eyes shone with all the intensity of young love. He had never kissed such lips, he had never smoothed such glossy hair, whose seducing folds fell in artistic plaits and ringlets upon the graceful curves of her snowy bosom. He was to be forgiven if haunted by her merry ripple of laughter, her sweet, musical voice, and a coquetry as magnetic as it was race-given, to win the brave and subdue the strong. To him her cheeks were as soft as velvet, inspired by the colour of a delicate rose leaf, clear and more beautiful in the shade of her lace mantilla. The long llshes of her full eyelids gave a becoming tone to her dark eyes; her intelligence and ladylike demeanour filled him with an irre- sistible desire to call her his adored one, his own true love.

Her bide feet in pretty slippers, and her slender ankles, chimed in, so to speak, with the exquisite symmetry of her graceful waist and small tapering fingers. Supple movements when riding or walking, queenly courtesy at receptions, winsome smiles and fascinating conversation, seemed to bewitch Mark Pepys. Her singing was a revelation; but—but Lucia had a temper, and, moreover, she was of a fearfully jealous disposition. At least, this was my estimate of her, when I thought the tenderness of her passion might ruin my chief ; for though his patrician courtesy won the praise of some wealthy girls, and several mothers angled dexterously on behalf of their daughters, yet his general bearing to the fair sex seemed hitherto to indicate his aversion to marriage. In this latter decision I heartily acquiesced, for I was myself not by any means a marrying man. So that when others welcomed the apparent weaving of these two young hearts I chortled, with an unmistakable sneer upon my lips. When gossips said that Manuel Muro was also enraptured of Lucia's divine beauty my melancholy fears tickled Mark's fancy, and, with his face exultant, he quickly replied: "Sandy Dees, mind your own affairs." The fear of him dropping from the sublime dreamland of love to the ridiculous position of a lover jilted and humiliated must be my excuse for interfering. Yet, If Manuel Muro also admired Lucia's loveliness, things might be a trifle warm in our quarter. At any rate, I can honestly say that my solicitude was solely on Mark's behalf, for, if Lucia had not been spoilt by fulsome flattery lavishly bestowed by many, then she was a jewel of a girl! Now, about the time when this young lady set herself cleverly to influence the, character and shape the welfare of my friend, a trivial incident occurred which whetted my curiosity and aroused my suspicion about the mystery of Mark Pepys's earlier years. The starting point was simply this. At the cattle-branding Mark's sleeves were tucked up, and I saw a singular device tattooed on his brawny left arm. Of course, tattooed skin was nothing strange, for in the days before the gold- seekers swarmed the hills like myriads of busy ants and changed the whole aspect of nature most of us were tattooed, to assist identification in case of unnatural death. But the design on Mark's arm was classical. The top third of a shield was dotted, to represent gold or yellow in heraldry, with a bird on either side of a rose. The remaining apace represented black or sable, with a white or argent cross, decorated with a small lion rampant and four feline heads.

This design gave Mark an idea. Finding that an ordinary brand was little protection against cattle- sifting, he had this device forged in rough outline for a branding-iron, and prior to using it he took me aside and flourished the new iron with a good deal of pride. "Sandy," said he frankly, and with determina- tion, "I'll set this brand red-hot upon Manuel Muro's scowling brow the first time I catch him stealing my cattle. I'll cloud the fire in his dark, resentful eyes! " "A new brand!" I exclaimed, wagging my head, and then fixing my puzzled gaze upon his firmly modelled face. "A family crest or college cost-of-

He laughed at me most heartily, and answered: "It brings back the memory of romps I had in the hay-field, and the pleasure of winning prizes for wrestling, boxing, and single-sticks." "At what public school did ye fag?" I asked, far too eagerly. His frown added importance to the expressive tone of his reply: "You have an inquisitive mind, Sandy, and a nose prone to poke itself into other people's business. Don't ferret in my copse, and we shall be friends. This is my adopted country; here I shall form new ties and forget the past." "I see ye're a'ready head o'er ears i' love wi' Lucia Diaz."

"The prettiest girl," he interposed with warm admiration, "that ever put dainty foot in slipper— s girl who has brought the first rays of sunshine into my life for many a long day—a gentlewoman whose refinement and intelligence have won her great popularity among the Mexican forces—a charming singer, always merry. What do you think of ray choice? " "To look at the match free a selfish standpoint," I replied consolingly, "it is somewhat a guarantee •fer our safety against Muro's intrigues." He shrugged his broad shoulders, and with a half-savage gesture slung a tuft of grass at a mustang that madly careered about us. 'then over his clean-shaven face stole an anxious look, as he thoughtfully added: "Come with me to Muro. Father Otando saw one of his men at Vespers, dis- guised as a beggar. Our lads discovered the coon sneaking off under cover of the Presidio alcoves, and kicked him off the premises. The same night my cattle were stolen." "Juist what I expeelnliv" said I, with a full- flavoured twang. "Thank gniektess I've naught, so the de'il canna draw my .Ug. llarkye, it's dangerous to enter Muro's gimp." "Bahl his rapscallions are of the lowest type, nicknamed troops. They possess neither a service- able jacket nor a sound pantaloon among them. Look you, Sandy, if Muro throws sandwiches at my head I shall reply with brickbats. His half- castes are rigged out in squalid shreds; their blankets have not seen soap for an age. Troops, ha! hal my shoeblacks await them." Mark ran his fingers through his curly brown hair, leisurely lit a cigar, and walked away with an air of easy dignity. After some irksome formalities we rode over to Muro's camp, and were ushered into the commander's presence. He was reclining in an easy-chair, smoking a cigarette. He pointed to a couch, but we elected to stand. He raised his eyebrows with an expression of impatience, and Mark haughtily detailed the circumstances of the lifting of his cattle. Muro smiled, and said: "If my men go raiding and fall into a hornet's nest they must not grumble if they are stung," and, after burking the ques-

===== 0002601_18980930_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 11.

THE ROYAL CROSS.

Now, we soon discovered that many of Muro's men were emaciated by a disease resembling leprosy. Two friars and a nun from the nearest mission were alleviating suffering to the best of their ability. Lucia Diaz nursed Muro, whose sickness was the reason why we were not shot forthwith. The ravages of the plague increased daily, and a special horse and cart was placed at the friars' dis- posal for the removal of the dead by night. It transpired that the missioners were on confi- dential terms with Lucia Diaz, who espoused our cause, and contrived the setting us at liberty. "When Muro grows stronger," Lucia argued, "his compassionate mood may vanish. Of the two friars one is short and stout. Sandy Dees must make up to resemble him; while you, Mark Pepys, must assume the role of the taller one. I will supply the necessary things. and accompany you, dressed as a nun. We will bury a dummy body, the impromptu hearse being driven by a confidential teamster. As everyone loathes the disease, not even a patrol will approach the red lights we shall carry. This scheme is the safest I can devise." And then I saw that the Senorita's admiration for Mark Pepys had ripened into a passionate and avowed love, for she elected to flee into Yerba Buena—Mark's coast quarters, near the now cele- brated "Golden Gate." Accordingly, a dark night was selected for this hazardous feat, and the amateur burial party connived at imitation so thoroughly that the little procession struck terror into the hearts of the curious. The risk was too great for comedy; and yet I smiled when Mark whispered: "Sandy, you look a veritable Father Pelican—podgy of trunk, though lean of visage." As the rough hearse and sham priests passed Out of the camp, Lucia was haunted with the fear of discovery; but she played her part with consummate skill. The whole trick was carried out with such cautious bribery and simplicity of action that we wended our way to the consecrated ground with- out molestation or suspicion. Then we sought and found our tethered steeds, put the lights out, mounted speedily, and sped away north-west into the pitch darkness of a dense forest, trusting to the sagacity of our trained horses and the piloting of our teamster guide. "When the earliest birds herald the break of day," observed Lucia, "Muro's anger will be as a consuming fire."

For my own credit's sake, and in view of thrill- ing continkencies, I am bound to state that I never guessed the extent of Lucia's sacrifice, nor the depth of her love. As for the brigand, when he heard of our escape with Lucia's connivance, he laughed merrily ; and sent a special carrier with ,ifts for the Befiorita, a snip of cassia bark for repys, and a bit of clean slate for his "henchman" —meaning your humble servant, Sandy Dees. "Muro bids for peace," observed Mark; "Lucia Diaz advises it, so I have agreed to a truce."

"Gang alang wi' ye! I'm no' yet bereft o' my senses. He'll pluck oot as thou hairs o' yer heid as it thkes bees to mak' a honeycomb." Nevertheless, "Mercury " was feasted and sent back to Mum, Lucia Diaz giving the message, and guaranteeing us freedom and immunity from attack. Mark had implicit faith in her assurances, though how she could answer for our safety was a mystery, especially to an incredulous man like myself. "When Muro cries fer peace," said I cynically, "he sharpens his sword in secret. When that sword is drawn t' stab in the dark, we'll hae (Air wark cut oot t' blunt it."

I was not surprised, therefore, when at Easter- tide the cunning freebooter sailed up the Pacific coast, and anchored MT Yerba Buena, flying Mexican colours. Mark was puzzled, and Lucia agitated, for Muro came ashore in quite a free and easy style, and without escort. Our attitude was one of armed neutrality. One afternoon Pecos rowed me and our dog Jip at a safe distance. round the suspicious schooner,

/rex log prim Terenb ail angst pun oti peAteqs ratpund inigunact du , peqltroZ z n.nis u! 'spa o!psera eqi gnompn -Lsta oanyi„ tpoub „'uomualsax„ .eauot sp.j pnuasoo/ tp!tot jo injwai utnpui 0111 9A.132 T .. lou TTdQ.: natio T 110[1111121 2.St Pepys came upon them unaware, shielding the Senorita from the Spaniard's whip."

My manner indicated mingled wonder and anxiety as I observed: "What! dost thou say the villain attempted to lay on the thong—to strike Lucia Diaz, whose beauty curbs the rascals and keeps the fools in leading-strings ? " "Nay; the elk threatened in his fury, but the lion seized him by the throat. The Senorita staggered with fright, and fell in a swoon. There- upon the White Chief sprang to her side, and tenderly lifted her, the while her teeth chattered like castanets. My lord shook his fist at the gitano, who sprang upon his mustang and galloped off—his face wicked, his eyes wild with a desire for revenge. I told Harry Puke, who laughed, Baying: ' Two fine dogs snarling over a piece of meat. AM Mark Pepys is not safe in America, and he dare not go home.' "

I pointed the stem of my pipe at Pecos and shook my head, for I could not credit the jolly Boniface of Puke's Delight with such injudicious words. Pecos took an Indian charm from his breast, and pressed it to his brow—a sign of truth- fulness peculiar to his tribe. "In a swift, rapid stream," he said, "no sane Indian swims out his depth." "Thy heart wills further, Pecos, but thy lips close. Jip is dumb!" The Indian drew out a golden cross set with precious stones, which be addressed half-sorrow- fully : "Thou bast seared my brain as thou dost burn my fingers. Take the accursed thing, Sandy. I found it where the Senorita fell. None of lower estate than Queen Kane dare wear such a cross." I examined it carefully, noting the goldsmith's skill, and judged its worth to be great. I said I would restore it to Lucia at a convenient time, and told Pecos that prudence dictated the strictest secrecy. "Sandy, my lips are sealed as the mouth of Kana's Royal sepulchre, so that none, save the Princess Olive, know the hidden secrets." lie put the nails of his two thumbs upon his closed lips, and bowed reverentially. I was puzzled, for Muro's threatening attitude might be a subterfuge to embroil Mark. "Pull for the shore, Pecos. Thou art a good fellow." Judicious praise cheers the heart, and the Indian pulled with a will. As we approached I saw Lucia Diaz standing on the beach, and towards her walked Mark Pepys, of whom the jolly tavern- keeper had uttered words laden ..with ominous meaning—words which proved the significance of Mnro's innuendo.

Now Pecos forgot to feather an oar, and catching "crab," fell over the seat, much to Lucia's amusement. However, almost immediately the boat grounded, and Pecos was soon ashore hauling at the painter. Jip bounded out, frisking about Mark with delight. I jauntily followed, and doffed my hat to the lady. "Sandy," said my chief in an undertone, "I am taking the Senorita to the dance." My jaw fell, and he whispered: "The store-room is locked and barred, and the treasure is perfectly safe. Good- bye for the present." With that they left, and I lingered along the shore for half an hour or so. My mind WAS racked with ugly forebodings, and as I wended my way in gloomy silence Pecos came within talking range before his stealthy movements broke upon my reverie. I started at the sound of his voice, clenched my fists and closed my teeth. "Sandy," said he, "I crave thine ear." Not his words but his manner impressed me. "Fool!" I cried in Indian, half snarling. "For the moment I thought it was some wild animal stealing upon me! ' And I loosely beat the air with my fingers. "The bravest quail if suddenly alarmed," he answered, with quite a philosophical air, as he noticed my blanched face. "I warn thee, Sandy, some plot thickens. The Senorita hath slipped from the sward, and talks with Muro in yonder bridle path." "Spying is no sin when danger threatens. Take Jip to the tavern and there abide." And, seeing that I was in a serious mood, Pecos went with characteristic obedience, Jip joining him at my bidding, his waving tail and bright eyes expressive of pleasure. I was dubious, and tried in vain to gauge Lucia's policy. I plunged into a bed of "sweet herb "—from which Yerba Buena received its name—and then stood and argued whether it would be best to beat round by the bleak sand-hills, or to dodge among the adobe blocks and tents. The aroma from the shrubs was refreshing; the waters of the glorious bay sparkled before me, and the pleasant-looking hills of Alameda gave the scene a picturesque aspect. But the small cove with the shelving beach was deserted, and not even a fisherman moved among the rocks or lounged upon the Punta Bonita smoking. If Muro and Lucia plotted they had a fair field. If they harboured sinister designs it was my bounden duty to upset them. I peeped into the modest church which glistened in the bright sunlight, but not a soul prayed. To avoid detection I slipped among the irregularly- grouped houses, and soon came upon the earliest Presbyterian tent. The place was closed. I now hesitated in my task, but unpleasant reflections urged me forward. ‘Ah I yon tent set doon haphazard amang that heavy chapparal is the hame o Lucia Diaz. She an' Muro may hae made fer this tent." A tiny Mexican flag flew at the top of a slender pine-pole at the gate. Approaching the door, : wondered if some plot were hatching within, and I gently called. No reply came, and I was mean enough to peep in. It was furnished with Eastern magnificence, the things arranged in the very acme of good taste. All was silent, and so, should I desist No, my mind was bent on ferreting out the couple, and yet I felt the blood rise to my neck and face with shame; for if Lucia discovered me she would report me as a scheming huckster, a trickish fellow who had stooped to play the spy. But the thin, incisive voice of :Pecos rang in my ears: "The plot thickens," and I gave a shivering sigh. I, therefore, started again on my quest in a rather unpleasant frame of mind, and traced the Iregular path through the bush and sand-hills, past ' the shanty where Pecos lived. I certainly glanced at this wooden shell, but having no peculiar interest excited by the appearance of the place, I jumped the gully, avoided the dangerous parts, shored with logs cut from the surrounding hills, and mentally thanked Pecos for strewing brush- wood over the quagmires. And as I pressed onward my blood warmed to the work, quelling my doubts. I jumped over coffee-boxes, tea-chests, battered tins, and all the paraphernalia of this refuse heap of primitive Yerba Buena; for this was before the rush for gold gave a fillip to trade and caused San Francisco to spring up with astonish- ing rapidity. Anon I stood to listen. Once I climbed a small pine tree and peered about, to observe the plot thickening and the culprits secretly planning their nefarious schemes. I even wondered if there was a conspiracy on foot to carry off Mark Pepys to the Sierra Madre and demand a ransom for his release. I grew more excited, and imagined all sorts of ridiculous things, exaggerating as a school- boy does when his imagination turns on brigands. The fact was, I hated myself for spying on Lucia—it seemed so mean and detestable. And yet I was spurred on to the work by some queer notion of danger threatening my friend, a danger I was con- strained to avert. So I fought through thorns and tangled shrubs, stumbling over rotten logs, splash- ing myself in gullies, bruising my arms and knock- ing my kneecap in my unwarranted haste. And for what? Only to stumble headlong into a path where Muro and Lucia were in close conversation! He laughed at my discomfiture, and made some ribald jest. Lucia joined in the merriment, saying: "What a pickle for a spy!" "The little Scotchman looks like some drunken clown thrown out of an inn," sneered the braggart, coming forward. "To dub him a snake would be an insult to the reptile world. A contemptible spy is beneath kicking!" As Lucia pushed the infuriated Castilian back he spat upon the ground in sheer disgust. I writhed under such insults, for I had sprained my ankle and cricked my back. She whispered to my tormentor as he was about to come at me, and he instantly swaggered down the path. But 1 savi by the contortions of his body how ill-satisfied ha was, and was not surprised when he wheeled round. His glimmering white face and threatening attitude were not reassuring. It was too late for me to repent. I must brave it out. So I fought with pain, stifled a groan, and faced him, saying: This is a conspiracy." "Let me cut a twig to thrash the toad," he sniggered malieinesly. Lucia seized his wrist, restraining me by a gesture. "Let him be," she jeered; "he is ashamed of himself." _ _

... - .....,... - . .........., .. . 1 ty heart sank, but I replied defiantly: "I'm no

Sanitas Embrocation Bd., 1/-1 216

"S „ Fiee anitasTRAGEMAP Best&Most Popular. Disinfectant. all Cases of Fever& for Purtlytns.Use Fl uids,Powders,&SoaPs Send {or Pamphlet ItreSanihs 091.°Bethri31 Green LondonE

===== 0002601_18980930_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

[4ll Communications must be addressed to the Draughts Editor, " Warrington Examiner," Bewsey-street, and must reach the office not later than Tuesday

_ inorningl , In consideration of the immense interest evinced locally in the game of draughts during last winter, We this week, as announced in our issue of Septem- bor 17th, commence a Draughts Column, by means 5 which we hope to interest and edify our u'raughts-playing readers. There was—as moot of 9iir readers are aware—a Draughts League formed the town last winter. It is our intention to ve. from week to week, an account of how the League stands, together with the results of the Matches as they are played. We shall also give /arious positions and games which have actually occurred in the matches under the rules of the Draughts League. , Further, as the game of Draughts may practically oe said to be in its infancy in Warrington, we pro- Pose to give, from week to week, various traps which, although they may be found in most of the ?ooks published on the game of Draughts, will, we cave no doubt, prove very interesting to most of our readers. The trap we give this week is one known as the Old Farmer, or The Goose-walk, This trap, although well-known by a great many draught Players, requires to be mentioned on account of its oc., carting so very frequently—even in matches. Lost winter, in connection with the League,we had Pio —certainly not pleasure,—of witnesAng at least half-a-dozen games lost through players fall- .g into this trap. The trap is brought up from the Corner game; the play leading up to it is as follows _ .

11::15 25-18 4 8 24-20 22-18 8-11 25-22 10-15 15-22 29-25 12-16 (a)27-24 (a) Losing' move 21-19 draws. THE GOOSE-WALK. [watrEi.

Black to play and win.

16-19 16-12 18-27 4 8 23-16 8-11 31-24 31-27 15-19 28-24 14-18 24-20 24-15 25-29 18-11 27-23 9-14 30-25 7-16 8-1.1 18— 9 29-22 20-11 23-18 11 —25 26-17 18-23 11— 8 12-27 11-15 11— 8 18-15 6-14 20-16 23-27 Black Wins 27-23 15-18 8— 4 6-10 24-23 27-31

PROBLEM No 1. By MR. S. TANLIN, WARRINGTON [BLACK

White to play and win.

• The following game was played recently between bWo prominent members of the Warrington raughts League, and is iwerted to show the cor- teet method of play to avoid the Goose-walk:—

_ . GAME No. 1. . SINGLE CORNER. 11-15 8-12 1— 5 28-32 22_18 . 17-13 16— 9 8— 3 15-72 9-14 5-14 7-11 28-18 18— 9 26 —22 23-18 8-11 5-14 17-26 32-27 29-25 24-19 31-22 14— 9 4 8 15-24 14-17 6-10 25-22 28-19 22-18 9 6 12-16 14-17 17—.22 2 9 24-20 32-27 19-15 13— 6 IJ-15 10-14 16-19 10-15 21-17 27-24 15— 8 a— 2 7-10 3 7 19-28 22-25 27—a4 22-18 18-14 30-21 Drawn.

1,......

' cD •'4l AlcDr ,-crA-c4/1c) •r 4 4IULU z Al , /J0r407 _ Jim/A , [BLACK.]

ULr4, rAOUI vie reAl e r JEI'Ael/17/.,IcDY Al° ,k;dr,‘Dizi‘Dr, _ Jar %lel% ./4

===== 0002601_18980930_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
000 D HEALTH WITHOUT DRUGS.

1.- HOW TO RESIST DISEASE.

U 172 Rill tell you. As people become more intelligent, ste'Y see that they should try and prevent disease. It em.,4123 strange, when one comes to consider it, that the 1:11,-N of Medical science are directed to curing, when zin`l'enting would seem to be a more rational proceeding. at-w it is dawning on the public to try and prevent, or 1111)°,r,i9t to arrest disease. It is in prevention that Dr. Vi-Cocca plays an important part, acting solely % , first-class n.nrishing food. aaJt strengthens the system, to resist, oppose, and over- I tile the attaces of disease. You'll hear someone say: ainBo-and-so has a strong constitution ;" follow that up t.FI you'll find that So-and-so follows the golden rule of I "Irig temperate in all things, and pays attention to diet I it:tl/1 exercise. Does be or she keep up this strong consti- ;t2 by taking medicines or swallowing pills ? No, in• ed,l They have discovered that prevention is better that' cure. _Dr Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa places s means in the hands of sVe7one to build up and maintain a sound constitution, !Which enables its possessor to travel his life's journey iithout the aches and pains which are in many eases pre, _a eatable. Thus we come round again to sound corn- sense based on experience. . Tibbles' Vi-Conoa is pleasant and palatable, and 01Ving, as it does,the numerous principles contained karit, Bops, Bola and Cocoa, it imparts nourishment "Tab. elide up strength. As aFood-beverage it is invalu-

M..4.ut the ezpense ? You can try it free of expense. ,Qlt alone is what is claimed for Dr. Tibbles' Yi-Cocoa, ban.„the Proprietors are prepared to send any reader who he Warrington " Examiner," a dainty sample ~ Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa free and post-paid. There f "° Magic in all this. It is a plain, honest, straight- ,;tv.arif , offer. It is cloak, to introduce the merits of sfelocoa into every home. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is not th IS' or insipid, like the ordinary cocoa extracts ; on It : contrary, it has a pleasant and distinct flavour all ig,„"vng and which is much liked. It has all the refresh- tizegroperties of fine well-made tea, but with a hundred nourishment. r.. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, 6d., 93.. and 1.. 63. It can be eo.4ined from all Grocers, Cherni-ts, and Stores, or from eland 62, Bunhill Row, London, E.C. •

QUOITS. 131..Acic BEAR INN. LATCRPORD, V. STOCKTON Th HEATH. lik_,ese clubs met on the ground of the former on Saturday, Bear proving the victors by 43 points. Reault It r ELACE BEAR. STOCKTON FIXATE. A ::';oker ........................... 11 T Berry Iv Vietcher ll J ClaytOn lO it TNoon ll .7 BalleY 0 arn 11 61:: . W Hough 3 1 I e11a°,4,1-.Lark" ...................... 121 A Brimelow 2 well ....... —. .............. 11 IP BerrV ,p CY.............................. 9 G Miller lor ........................... 11 R Marsh 2 T Ni''' (eaPtain) ll Gt- Bally 9 ' rot: ......... 11 W Speed 3 69 Total -."--......... a

FEMALE AILMENTS Itrenlaritlea and Obstructions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few ;ones, after all elfie fails, this remedy acts as magic. 1111 Particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope. 1'444111 UARTYR, 20. Bishopsgate Witnout, London. Established 30 Years.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
I

qkpITAT.," CHAT.

The new Lord Curzon is the second of that name of which the country can at recent boast, but the title of the older Lord Curzon is a mere courtesy title worn by the eldest son of the Earl of Howe, who is member for one of the divisions of Bucics. That Mr. Curzon, in accepting the title, should have retained his family name, has caused some surmise when, as most people say, be might as well have been called Baron Kedleston as Baron Curzon. Being an Irish peerage, it does not carry with it a seat in the House of Lords unless its owner should I be elected one of the Irish representative peers, net does the title deprive its owner of his right to sit in the Houseof Commons. Both the Lord Curzons are the eldest eons of peers, and in the course of nature may be expected to find themselves called to the Upper Chamber. Whoever has been ingenious enough to think of making Mr. Curzon's peerage an Irish one has conserved his opportunity of a career in the House of Commons, if so great a being as an Indian Viceroy can condescend to sit in the Lower House. At the same time. no Irish peerage has been created for the last 30 years.

I learn that the Admiralty authorities are greatly gratified with a:return which has just been prepared in connection with the shooting tests of the Jest six months. In the view of the experts it estab- lished the fact that our sailor a are the best naval marksmen in Europe. It may be remembered that both our sailors and marines are in the habit of shooting at a target 10ft. by sft, at ranges varying from eighteen hundred to three thousand yards, ships stearr ing the while at the rate of ten to twelve knots an hour. It is stated that the results which accomplished are remarkable, and place supremacy of ths British navy beyond haveathlledobuebetn. shooting

--- The advances in the technique of photography have made the science of so much value in the study 07 medicine that the time may come when the medical student will tind that another burden has upon him and that he is called upon to iners this special subject. At present h otographY sbaeteinsrlyaied xfun is merely pursued as a "hobby,o and those who take it up for the most part do so for pleasure. Meanwhile, in view of its great understand, in medical science, some- thing value, e, os might be advantageously done to stimulate its pursuit among those intending to follow a medical career. The College of Preceptors, for ex- ample, could readily include it among the optional bjc in connection with their examination for the registration of medical students. This would really be an arrangement which could not fail to service and would entail no hardship upon y students. The optional subjects at Present prove suggested, such as natural philosophy, optics, and similar subjects, are not those which are usually studied for their own sake, nor can they be said to have much educational value for those about to em- bark upon the study of medicine. With photography, however, the matter is quite different. Equipped with a serviceable knowledge of the latter, a stud- ent soon begins to find a valuable field for the exer- cise of his skill while prosecuting his medical studies, and I am assured that in the present day a student who proves himself a good photographer has frequent opportunities of proving himself of use to his teachers.

-- News 4f Sir Arthur Ford's death will be re- ceived with regret by all politicians without dis- tinction of party. As Secretary to the Admiralty 1 he was a painstaking and well-meaning member of Lord Salisbury's second Administration although: his classification scheme was certainly not popular among the dockyard men. He will be,f should say, ' best remembered by his association with workmen's , coupensation legislation, for he introduced a 'measure which was the forerunner of last year's Act, and was indeed wider in its application, be- cause the definition workman included every rail- way servant, every person employed in or alma a public conveyance by land or in or about a vessel engaged in inland navigation, every person serving on board a British ship, either in the capacity of master, officer, engineer,purser,or chief steward,and every person employed as a domestic or menial servant. This measure was backed by Mr. Matthews (now Lord Llandaff), Mr. Chamberlain, Sir E. Hill, Mr. (now Sir Elliott) Lees. and Mr. Tomlinson, but, though it was laid before Parliament, no opportu- nity for discussing it could be found. Last session Sir Arthur brought in a Bill to abolish the defence of common employment in cases of injuries to workmen arising in occupations not within the Compensation Act of last year,and very nearly sac- ceeded in getting it through committee.

I am moved to revert to the vaccination question because of the proceedings before the Cheltenham bench, in which the magistrates demanded, and ell but one of the applicants refused to pay, a fee of is. 63. for a conscientious objection certificate. I cannot see the slightest justification for this de- mand. When in Grand Committee on the Vaccina- tion Bill Sir Walter Poster proposed his amendment providing for the issue of a certificate of exemption, on the making of a statutory declaration, there was mention of a fee to be paid if the person registering required a certificate. But when the clause was submitted to the House by Sir Walter Poster in the amended form in which we know it, there was no I mention of a fee at all ; nor is there in Mr. Chap- lin's clause. On another point the bench is reported to have decided that every application shall be made personally by the father of the child, or, where the father is dead, by the guardian, &c.Now, 'here is what took place in the House on July 25. 'After Mr. Chaplain's clause had been added to the I Bill, Mr. Labouehere asked, inter ails, whether the obligation to satisfy two magistrates meant that the objection must be undertaken by the father, or that it might be fulfilled either by father or mother; and whether, if by the father alone, a child whose father was absent from lime during the period allowed for this formality could be contracted out of the obligation to be vaccinated by the mother appearing before two magistrates and stating her conscientious objection. Mr. Chaplain replied that the obligation should be undertaken by the person in custody of the child, whether father or mother. If the father was prevented by absence or other unavoidable cause, then the duty would naturally fall on the mother.

It is somewhat singular that under the new rules of procedure, no matter which party may happen to be in office, the average length of the daily sittings of the House of Commons Moms very little variation. According to an analysis of the figures relating to the past session, just prepared by Mr. W. 14. Ley, the Clerk of the Journals, the total number of hours during which the House this year at was 996, and the average length of sitting daily eight hours 2247 minutes.. In 1897 the average was eight hours 8 44-IS7 minutes, whilst—to take the two full sessions of the last. Liberal Administra- tion —it was eight hours 27 175-226 minutes in 1893-4. and eight hours 25 3-113 minutes in 1894. In thiQ connection the following entry from the diary of Lord Colchester is well worth recalling : " 1808 —Monday, July 4. Prorogation. The most laborious session for hours of sitting ever known 1 within living memory of the oldest members or officers of the T-Tonse. There were 115 sitting days. amounting to 829 hours, averaging 7; hours a day."

I hear that the Anarchist leaders at present in London have been deeply impressed by the tend- ency of public opinion. As the result of an ex- change of views, they have resolved to ad andon for a while all agitation, and will relapse into mere ordinary citizens, renouncing even the machinery of the Anarchist movement. So resolute are they 1 in this determination that they have even, so I am informed, resolved to abandon the steps decided on for recalling into active existence the branch organisations in the provinces. This policy is not so much the result of internal weakness and dis- putes as it is due to the desire to provide no excuse for the suggestion that they have abused the hos- pitality of this country. The matter has been ade- quately discussed, and that the wisest plan for the naoment is to remain absolutely quiet.

Joseph and Anne Sherwood. husband and wife. and Alfred Murray. were on Tuesd .3, committed by the Liverpool stipendiary for trial at the sessions on a charge of using the house. 75, Brisbane-street. for the purpose of betting. Alice Marsden was also committed, as occupier of the house, on a charge of permitting it to be so used.

At Wednesbury on Tuesday the Darlaston Galvanising Hollow Ware Company were fined £4 for neglecting to report °nee of lead poirooing to the Home Office.

We Guarantee Satisfaction !

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles. Pains in the Back Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder, Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism. and Gout will find a Positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price. Is lid., of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps. from EIOLDROYD'S. Medical Hall, Checkheaton. Yorks. Sold at 35. Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't be Put off. If you can- not get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt

===== 0002601_18980930_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The Queen has conferred a peerage of the United Kingdom on Sir Herbert Kitchener. .

_ The remains of Sir George Grey were interred on Monday In St. Paul's Cathedral. The net value of the estate of the late Mr. Thomas Owen. brother of Mr. Owen Owen, of Liverpool, is stated at £195,034. Sir Arthur Forwood, Bart., M.P. for the Ormskirk Divi- sion of Lancashire, died at a quarter-past three on Tuesday morning. I scald. a town of Asia Minor, fifty-three miles east-south- east of Constantinople, was on Saturday in great part des- troyed by fire. Probate has been granted of the will of the late Mr. James Berkeley Smith. the gross value of the whole estate being valued at £97,517. The British steamer Rheubina, from Huelva for England. Is reported to have been sunk off Ferrol, fifteea of her crew being drowned and the captain alone saved. Twenty miners were killed on Wednesday at the Blumen- thal Coalmine, in Germany, owing to the breaking of a rope by which they were being lowered in the shaft. Fire broke out early on Saturday morning in the stables at Clough Hill. a large pleasure resort near the Staffordshire Potteries, doing damage estimated at £2,000 It was officially reported in Paris on Monday that the French troops on the Ivory Coast had gained a victory over Samory and taken a large number of prisoners. Mary Sharp. thirty-four years of age, was remanded at Brighton on Tuesday charged with attempting to murder her three year old daughter by cutting her throat. The Chief Constable of Newcastle, as the result of com- plaints by the police bre., at the recent inspection, has been asked by a special committee of the Corporation to resign. I A young man named Dogherty has been arrested at Belfast for causing the death of a married sister by throwing a I lighted paraffin lamp, which explcded and set her on fire.

A telegram from Sir C. A. Moloney, Governor of the Wind- ward Islands. giving a distressing account of the devastation caused by the recent hurricane, has been received at the Colonial Office.

At Dublin on Wednesday,Thomas Drum.formerly manager to a firm of building contractors, WAS committed for trial on a charge of attempting to extort money from Dr. Lefroy, Dean of Norwich. It is stated that several leading players of Rugby football are contemplating Mae establishment of a professional union to protect their interests in regard to the alleged unfairness I of the transfer law. I John Wynne, aged six, whose parents reside in Abbey-sto Leicester was knocked down by a carrier's cart in Belgrave- -1 gate on Saturday morning, and died in the arms ofla police- man while being conveyed to the infirmary. 1 A man named Charles auff.of Kingston, committed suicide 1 by throwing himself under the new ).Ladner train on Satur- day. ills head was cut off and carried several yards, and both arms were likewise severed from the body. An Army pensioner named John Pedley. of Darleston, Wednesbary, committed suicide in Lime-street Station in Liverpool on Monday by cutting his throat, death ensuing before he could be removed to the Northern Hospital. It is reported from Vienna that Father Koehl, a former Court obaplin and officer of the late Empress of Austria, committed suicide on Friday by throwing himself from the window of the second storey of the Royal Palace at Prague. On Friday morning William Horsford,a farmer. of Feinton near Honiton, was found in his sitting-room with his head blown to pieces, the result of a gunshot. An inquest was held on Friday evening, when an open verdict was returned. By a railway collision on Wednesday near Crosson, about thirty miles from Frankfort, terrible loss of life was causaa. At the time of telegraphing eight persons had b (Quad dead or fatally injured, and many others Were seriously hurt. 1 On Saturday afternoon. Percy Cottam, aged six Years, living with his parents at 37. Greaves-street, Great Harwood, was playing in the street, when he was knocked down by a coal Larry. the wheels passing over his body and killing him. The Liverpool stipendiary on Tuesday further remanded William Pearson, Ben., and William Pearson, jun.. till next Tuesday, on charges connected with what is known as the Yachting Association swindle. Both prisoners reserved their defence. bargeman named Henry Crampin was charged at Stratford on Saturday with the wilful murder of James Neal; a youth of eighteen, on Friday. Prisoner admitted stabbing Neal with a long knife, but Bald he did it in self-defence. lie WAS remanded. A Leeds 'bus conductor, named Bdward Reed, over- balanced himself while decending from his vehicle on Friday, and sustained such injuries from the fall that he died shortly afterwards. At the inquest on Saturday, a verdict of Accidental death " was returned. Shoes were blackened so early as the tenth century. The substance used seems to have been lampblack mixed with rancid oil ; for in an old romance a man is ejected from a company of polite persons because he had just blacked his shoes and they could not stand the smell. - .

- On SaturdaY a serious mill fir-e-00-e-u-Wecl at the Waterloo cotton mills of Messrs. Porter Bros., Blackburn, The fire broke out in the taping department, and the alarm being given the 300 workpeople escaped without injury. The damage will amount to several thousands.

On Saturday morning,when one of the Barrow Corporctlon steam-rollers was at work on Walney Island, the driver, a man named Austin Hallwell, after reversing the engine, leaned over the side and overbalanced himself. He fell under the Taller, and his head and part of the body were crushed to a pelp. . -

iire—laroke out on Saturday afternoon at Bisham Abbey, an historic building on the banks of the Thames between Marlow and Hurls. The flames originated in the roof, part of which was, together with several old disk beams, removed. Thanks to the prompt action of the local brigade, the damage was not ext naive.

Shortly after one o'clock on Saturday a large stack of corn belonging to Mr. Strettle, of Ivy Farm, Warrington-road, Bainhill, was discovered to be on fire. Mr. Strattle and his helpers at once took steps to deal with the outbreak, but the flames had such a firm hold that the stack was practically , destroyed. ' Miss Diana Young of Bellevue-eresesat. Clifton. on Ties- day celebrated her 101 at birthday. having been born at Abnondsbury. Gloucestershire, on September 27 1797. Des- pite her great age. Miss Young is hale and hearty, and gener- ally rises at eight a.m. Bread and cheese and ale form her favourite fare. Thomas William Potter, a coal merchant and cab proprietor at Derby, was riding a bicycle down Bold-lane, in that town on Friday evening, when he collided with a fishmonger's cart. Ile was badly injured, and several broken ribs were driven into his lungs, causing such severe internal hariumorr- bage that be died on Saturday.

I A faction fight among the farming alas: has taken place at oragßaknock. West Clare. The encounter was of a desperate nature, Michael ,kl.bdamara dying as the result of the fearful Injuries received. Another man, named Corry. was also badly beaten. A man named Even, who is alleged to 00 the ring• leader of the affray. was arrested.

There are, according to an eminent archwologist. no less than from 120 to 130 absolutely distinct languages in North and South Americ I. As the growth of language is very slow. the fact of the existence ot so great a variety of speech on the Western Continents proves that the native red men have inhabited them for many thousands of years. During Saturday afternoon the large blook of 01E088, 28 and 30, the Niinoriea, London. caught tire. and over a score of engines were required to save the buildings. Part of the basement was occupied by cork stores, which had appar- ently been burning for some time, and it took many tons of water to subdue the smouldering material thoroughly. As the result of an inquest held at Guy's Hospital on Wed- nesday on the body of Remy William arNab Davenport, a first cousin of the Bari of Albemarle, who had been run over by a cab, a verdict of Accideatal death: was returned. It was stated that deceased had ruined himself through drink, and latterly bad earned his living as a billiard marker. An Inquest was held at Limley-Stake,near Bath,on Friday. on the body of Suroon-Major idacdermott who committed suicide at the hydropithic establishment at that place. He had suffered from hallucinations, and had said he was tired of life. He drank the contents of a bottle of prussic acid. A verdict of " Suicide while temporarily insane "was re- turned.

At Petworth on Monday, a boy of nine named GleorgS Ayling was sentenced to a day's imprisonment and to receive SIX strokes with a birehrod for attempting to wreck au express train on the London. Brighton, and South Coast Railway at Palborough on the 20th inst. The evidence showed that the boy had placed stones on the line, and replaced them after they had been removed. Jane Byers. the two year old daughter of David Byers,dver, was burned to death under shocking circumstances, at her parent's house at Paisley on Wednesday. The mother had gone out, taking her baby with her, but leaving her little daughter Jane alone lathe uouse. On returning hirs. Evers found the child lying on the floor unconscious, her clothing burnt to cinders, and the little body charred by the llamas from the burning clothes.

The great job masters and omnibus establishment of Messrs Tilling, at Peckham, was damaged by fire etrly on Saturday. The first efforts on the fire being discovered were to get out the large number of horses from the stable. This was done systematically and successfully. _ale building invelved was burnt out by the time the fire was subdued. It required a force of eleven steamers and over 100 men to quell the fire and save the neighbouring buildings.

Between two and three o'clock on Saturday afternoon a serious waggonette accident occurred at Worslev. A horse which was attached to a waggonette containing eight Pendleton women took fright in Worsley-road. Two of the occupants. named Martha Johnson and Ann Rowley, both married, living in Mellor-street, Pendieton.were thrown out. Johnson was cut and bruised about the head and arms,whilst Rowley fractured her left arm and sustained severe cuts on the face.

On Tuesday afternoon a young heifer, when nearing Pais- ley railway station, became excited and took possession of the central platforms, quickly clearing them of passengers and officials by its ruslps. For half an hour it defied all attempts to capture it. four men being injured by its charges. DurinZ this time the passenger trains from Glasgow had to be stopped outside the station and the platforms barricaded until the passengers got out. The beast was eventually secured after four bullets had been shot into it.

A tow paper hanging machine originating in the United States is provided with a rod on which the roll of paper is placed. There is also a paste receptacle at the back, which applies the paste automatically as the paper is unrolled. After the end ol the paper is once set at the bottom of the wall, and the machine started on the rise, an elastic roller follows on the outside, pressit“ the automatically pasted paper firmly to the wall. When the wall papa. hat retched the top, the workman pulls a 3ord, and the paper is neatly clipped off at the level at which it stops.

Soma German arclueologists have made a disc.-wary of the highest interest at Priene. in Asia Miner. A whole city Is being unearthed, in almost as good preservation as Pompeii. Up to the present no similar discovery has been made that gives precise indications of the general arrangement of a Greek clty, of its public monuments, or its individual dwel- lings. Tim city thus exhumed is assuredly of the period of greatest Greek beauty ; the streets cross at right angles and are laid out with the greatest regularity, and we can identify colonnades, theatres, market places, shops, and houses with their decorations and interior arrangements. On Saturday morning a mechanic named Walter Taaft, o Norman-street, Winton-green. Birmingham. was found in en unconscious condition with his arms badly cut. He was courting a young woman who did not like the idea of his being out of work for such a long time, and she broke off the engagement until he found a job. This so upset him that he wrote i—" Please tell Nellie to come upstairs and see me be- fore I die, and I have not many minutes to live. Do not tell anyone else.—Your broken-hearted Walter. Goi forgive me for what I have done." He ten proceeded to hick at his arms with a razor, and tie a handkerchief round his throat. He was nearly dead when discoverel, but .was restored to consciousness and placei under arrest.

MESSRS. BARNUM AND BAILEY'S COMING VISIT.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT TO SEE AT "THE GREATEST

SHOW ON EARTH."

On Saturday next, Messrs. Barnum and Bailey will visit Warrington with their "greatest show on earth." The show will b 3 established oa one of the large fields d Wilderspool Cause way, and immediately be- ahiajoindthineg newly erected "Boathouse Inn." By the courtesy of Messrs. Barnum and Bailey's manager, we have been able to provide our readers with the following account of what to see at this wonderful, and world- famed exhibition of all that can interest, amuse, and in- struct the multitude. THE MENLGERIE.

It is customary to enter the show as soon as the doors are open, and spend an hour before the performances begin in the menagerie teat. And a crowded hour it is, for everything is full of interest, and much is novel. A great proportion of the time laity be spent in looking at the wild animals, which are kept iu 30 or 40 cages. Let no one stay away from any feeling that, as this is a Itravelling menagerie, it must necessarily be an un- pleasant evil-smelling Plass- It is not so. Among all the various animals' there is not one whose calmer would repel spectators ; in fact, the way in which everything is 'kept clean is one of the surprises of the show. Arranged lin a semi-circle at one end of the tent, which is elliptical in shape, are the elephante, ranging in size from huge bulls ten feet high to " babies " ten years old, willing to take any amount of food from the spectators, in addition to their regular supply of hay, which runs to about two tons a day. Leaving the elephants for a walk round the cages, one comes to the seals and see lions, and soon latter them to the hippopotamus and rhinoceri:ie, two huge ungainly creatuaes, the first with a mouth about as !big as an oven, and the second with a hide that success- fully resists bullets. There are two cages of lions, one containing two handsome males, and the other a female, and her three cubs, which were barn in London in IJanuary last. The tigers, particularly the two males, are among the finest animals in the show, their great proportions and beautiful markings making them objects of strength and beauty. The leopards are in an adjoining wagon and are fine specimens ot their species. The giant tapir of Malay demands more than a cursory glance. Those who have visited some of the better menageries may be familier with the South American tapir, but he is only about helf as big as his Malayan brother, an animal of great length, made censpicioua by his short legs and overhanging snouttliks a trunk in miniature. There are not many tapirs like this in captivity. The zoo, as our guide informed us, nee never sucseeded in keeping one more than six months, but Barnuin's have had theirs more than three years. The poor thing caught cold at Olympia, but he looks healthy enough for all that. There are several Russian wolves, meek, innecont looking things, who have somehow obtained a bad reputation among the Russians. The hyenas are amusing beasts, they laugh a good deal. The behaviour ef the pumas be- hind the bars give one the impression that if met in their American hunting grounds they would prove some- what intractable. Their roaring concerts, which happen pretty frequently, are quite as satisfactory a demonstra- tion of their tempers as ordinary visitors to tee show desire. A much pleasanter sound is the chattering of the monkeys There is a cage full of them, and their antics never fail to amuse. But we cannot mention all the animals in all the cages. Thera are polar bans and brown bears, a fine selection of antelepes, kangaroos, deer, gnus, and many others. Down the centre of the tent stand the camels, the drnme laries, and zebras, and near them are the llamas from the Andes, the yak from Central Asia, the water buffalo from South Africa, the Burrneee sacred cattle, the ox with three horns, and the horse with the rubber skin and no hair. Ira a cage to themselves are Johanna and the mandrill. Johanna is the intellectual gorilla, the queen of the menagerie. She eats, drinks, and smokes like a man, combs her hair, cleans her teeth, washes her cage, and use% ponder brush and other dainty articles of the toilet just like any human belog—in fact, she does almost everything but talk. The brilliantly coloured mandrill, with a face whose prevailing colours are bright blue and red, does none of these things. In intellectual development he is far inferior to Johanna ; he stands at the opposite simian pole. THE FREAKS.

The human freaks are also exhibited in this tent, occupying a platform in the oentre. A. very pleasant, smiling family of healthy-looking oddities they are,and as the showman introduces them in turn to the audi- ence, they look as good-humourel as the most pleased spectat6r. There is nothing revolting abont them, all fears of " creepiness" are removed at sight of them. ye.in, whose face, like his father's, is covered with a thick growth of long silky hair,and whe,whea his body is hidden behind a blanket, closely resembles a skye terrier, is an interesting personage. lie chats with the other freaks, speaking English as well as his native Russian. Hermann, the Hungarian youth, can ex- pand his chest lin inches, and break a steel chain by the force of the expansion. James Morris has a skin of wonderful elasticity, which he can draw away from his I arms and cheeks and chest to a great exter‘t ; he can almost burr his head in the skin of his ch-st. Twol hairy wonders are Miss Annie Jones, the bearded lady, and Mille. Ivy, whose hair clusters round her head like moss. Lallo3 and Lalla are one person, and Leila is the I name of Lalloala second body. Lalloo is a young man of 23, and his smoadb!dy is that of a female which has no . separate head,but joined to him just below the sterinn. Lalloo'a case is undoubtedly one of" arreste I twins," the union of the two bodies being carried t 3 a much, I greater degree than in the case of the Siamese twins. A great contrast is that between Queen Mats, a smiling little woman standing 22i inches hip, and Leah May, a I winsome giantess woose height is about Vt. 4in. Charles Tripp, the armless wonder, site near the numb tatted HowardS, the skeleton dude, who stands 51t 9in. high and weighs 4 stones 4lbs., is close by, and not far away is Dalva Fritz. who regularly swallows swords, and now and then putS down his throat a 22inch bayonet, and on top .of that a musket, waich he fires off. There is Saida Galla, the Egyptian enchantress, to see, and as one strolls around he hears the howling of the dervishes, as they pe.rforna . their svhirling dances, and the sweet music which Savo produces frain his glasses. THE CIRCUS PERFORMANCE. And so, after a full hour has been very enjayably spent in the contemplation of these wonders brought I from all parts of the earth, the spectator turns into the I circus teat, where a two houra' performance is soars in lull swing. As an instance of the ease taken for the Ibenefit of the public in every part of the show, we may mention that ths weight-carrying capacity of the whole of the :seating is strongly tested before a performance is given in any new town. The programme informs us that there are to be 15 dis- plays, followed by the hippodrome and chariot races with 14 events. Display No. lis a processional entry of some of the anim‘ls and their riders, the steeds—borses, camels, and elephants—all gaily caparisoned, and the performArs bswigged and bedecked in gorgelus fashion. The hinder phrtion of the procession is supposed to rep- resent the Roy al ovation tendered by Ferdinand and Isabella to Columbus on his return from the discovery of the Western world ; and this is why we have 15th cen tiny costumes and trappings for the horses. The pro- cession has no sooner disappeared than the elvphants are again seen advancing along the track. Wait are celled baby elephants file into the centre ring, and there exhibit their tricks and evolutions ; and we learn that they are only" babies "by comparison, the youngest being at least ten years old. The grown-ups in the other rings are 30 years of age or older. The babies before us are 'cute enough ; they trot round the ring like so many circus horses:they stand on their hind legs; me of them usurps the functions of the ring-master,

DIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted. also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deals in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store BOEOII, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and Egg Collectors.—B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw - street, Liverpool Established 24 years.

and squatting on his haunches,rings a bell with his pro- boscis, and thereby directs the performance of his col- leagues. But an occasional glance at what is going on in the other rings show that the babies have not yet completed their education, for they fail in some of their attempts. They obtain ready grace, however, from the delighted spectators, and leave the ring amid cordial applause. Everything goes like clockwork. The only evi- dence of directon is the periodical ringing of the big bell at whose sound every display promptly ends, sometimes before a particular trick or feat is completed. Follow- ing the elephants come some tumblers, but these are triflers compared with the extraordinary acrobats who appear later on. They yield place to the first equestrian exhibition. In this we have "the new woman supreme In the arena," ring-master,clowne,and riders all being of weaker sex ; and the clowning we have to admit is a little "off," for the ladies do not shine at the noisier I rough-and-tumble humour. But there is no doubt about their cleverness on horeeback. Miss Rose Wentworth is the principal, and she performs a somersault on the bareback horse, a feet which no other eques- trienne can equal. The ethers however, have many daring tricks, and the ease and con- fidence of :their every moment strike one at the first glance. After them comes a " pot-pound "of startling expert performances; and the programme tells us there are ten different sets of performers at work, but one's recollections limit themselves to Orford, the juggler, and a dapper little Jap, gracefully poising on his hands. Display No. Bis a children's number, coa- -1 Meting of feats by troupes of cleverly trained animals— educated pigs, trained seals, dancing dogs and monkeys, and oddities by goats and a baby elephant. One of the dogs executes amid roars of laughter, a very good imitation of the music-hall skirt dance to music, while another pair dons the gloves, and has a harmless little set-to in boxing fashion. In the next display there is another maze of wonders, but it is Monsieur La Rnche,the ascension sphere artiste, who attracts most attention. He hag a bright metal globe, 28 inches in diameter, opening into halves. This just contains him, and when fastened inside he com- mences the ascent of a spiral incline, reaching about 20 feet high. The ball gradually rolls up the incline, rests a moment at the summit, while the performer fires a pistol through a hole in the sphere, and pokes out a bit of bunting, and then it as gradually descends, looking every moment as if it would roll sideways off the track and go crashing down to the platform below. Hew the man moves himself and the sphere remains a mystery even when explained. Inside the sphere is as smooth and as highly polished as outside, and there is no pro- jection to give the least hotel. We are told that the man makes ths ball roll round ;dim. and that he himself never changes his crouching paeition ; but this only serves to make his feat the more marvellous. Meanwhile, among a dozen other performers, a Japanese is remarkable for the deftness with which he ascends a rope at an angle of 45 degrees,balancing himself with a parasol and a fan His ascent completed,he slides down again like a streak of lightning; and one wonders whether the skin is off his toes. A crowd of performers, mostly acrobats and athletes, fill ths other platforms and rings, and from the cadre seats one hears every now and then a beret of applause from the people who have ths end-rings to I themselves.

Display No. 10 draws all eyes, however, to the centre ring, which alone is occupied. The crescendo of as- tonishment which preceding displays afforded, reaches a climax as seventy beautiful horses enter the ring and range theraselves on tiers into an equine pyramid which the shout of the ringmaster sets into swift and ever swifter motion. A prettier sight the show does not pro- vide; and the perfect obedience and the evident sagacity of this mass of beautiful animals are qualities which one's vocabulary fails of words t 3 praise with adequacy. From equestrianism we retain to the acrobats, whose achievements are on an ascending scale of daring and cleverness • then more bare-back riding, in which egPeni ally Miss A.ppolonia Orford, a young lady of only 16, ex- hibits powers whose complete development, we are told, will some day carry her to the very summit of her profession. With similar alternations of riding and athletics we reach Display No. • 14. A double tandem exploit by Miss Nellie Reid comes next prevents us, however, from being dnoccupied, andwhen she and her companions have gone we prepare for the concluding display. To the left the "Five Unparalled Silbons. "in the centre the "Four Unapproachable Dun- hame,"to the left the 'Electrifying Hanlons," exhibit an once the art of acrobatics in its highest development, and the fertility and resource of the compiler of the programme in describing it. The Silbons especially as- tonish us. One of them springs in mid-air across a space of 17ft after he has left his hold of the trapeze, and, contrary to the usual experience, he is not met by his companion with a corresponding spring ; he clears , the whole space himself, and drops a dead weight into the arms of his colleague, who hangs motionless to I await him. The leader winds up the performance with a triple somersault, and most dangerous of all acrobatic feats. A few seasons ago two performees in close succession broke their neck; in attempting it. Anything short of the full three turns would be fatal, we are told for the performer must drop on his back into the net, and only on his back, if he wants to rise again alive. We have little space left for the hippodrome races, which are exciting like all horse races,and more exciting , than most. They are real races, too, for the riders get a small premium if they run home first ; and there is he advantage obtainable by them from knowing their movements. The fact is, they don't know them ; they draw lota before each race as to which horse they shall ride. The force and fury of the running is only limited by the nature of the track. A coursing contest between three English whippet% is an especial favourite, where sporting instincts are so well developed ; and the chil- dren and their elders, too, laugh heartily at the spec- tacle of a pony race with menkeys up. The hurdle rac- ing and jumping are better than anything at an agricul- tural show, and the chariot racing, which is quite equal to the lithographs on the walls and in the shop windows, fittingly puts the crown to a lick-creation performance.

- - Messn. Barnum and Bailey's great street pageant and procession will take plac3 between 9 and 10 o'cl,-;ek ett Saturday morning. The big street free parade will b 3 a wonderful and stupendous speztacle of men, women, children, hews, elephants, wild beasts, chariots, cars and floats. Christopher Columbus, as well as scores of other characters famous in his time, are all truthfully represented, costumed in the same rich manner then in vogue in royal robes of state, on horseback surrounded with their escorts, in costly uniforms, singly.in groups, in picturesque and cherming style, and all historically correct,just as they appeared in Barcelona in 1492,when they returned from their first voyage of discovery. Lead- ing the pageant is ens of the most magnificient Sights imaginable, that of a wondsrous team of 40 fine bay horses driven by 030 man. Preceding the Columbus portion of the procession are rare displays of open dens of wi,d beasts and carved golden chariots,containing the splendid zoological collection, followed by 20 e/ephants, and allegorical chariots, illustrating nursery rhymes and children's fairy stories. The whole affair is grand and inspiring.

NATIONAL AmdLGAMA.TBD SOCIETY OF OPERATIVE HOUSE AND SIIIP PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.—

WARRINGTON BRANCH. The above branch held their :first annual dinner at the Old House at Home,Friars'-green,when about 40 members were present,the catering of Mr. and Mrs. Mullin giving every satisfaction. Brother Grounds (president of the branch) presided,and the following toasts were submitted and responded to : "The Queen," "The N.A.S. of House and Ship Pain- ters and Decorators (Warrington Branch) ;" "The rest of the Building Trades." Brother G. M. Sur,ley J.P., general secretary, from Manchester,gave an in- teresting account of the progress of the society from its formation. A presentation was made to Brother Howard of a beautifully framed emblem subscribed for by the members, for his service as secretary. Brother F. B. Mellor commenced the musical portion of the evening with a selection on the piano, followed by songs rendered in a first-class manner by Brothers E. Unsworth, Gleeson, Lelland' Jennings, Glaze, Jackson, Mr. Mullin, and Mr. Pot- ter. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chair- man for presiding, and to the host and hostess. An enjoyable evening was brought to a close by the company singing "Auld Lang Syne.'

FORTHCOMING ART EXEIBITION AT

===== 0002601_18980930_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

THE JUBILEE OF MUSEUM AND ART GALLERY. Arrangements are now in progress for holding an art exhibition in the Gymnasium and Parr Hall during October in celebration of the Jubilee year of the Museum and Art Gallery at Warrington. The Museum, Library and Arts Committee have ap- pointed an Art Exhibition Committee, of which Councillor Alfred Woods is chairmen, to negotiate for the loan of pictures and make the necessary Ilpreparations. The Warrington Museum and Art Gallery was opened in 1848 and the committee de- sire to celebrate its 50th anniversary by getting to- gether a collection of really first-class works of art. The committee have already received promises of support from some of the most celebrated artists, land also from the owners of important pictures. All the hanging arrangements have been placed in the hands of Messrs. Thomas Agnew and Sons Man- chester, and there seems every probability that this Jubilee celebration of art in Warrington will be a I success. _

It is intended to hold promenade concerts daily in the Parr Hall which will be hyphened with the IGymnasium—where the exhibition of pictures will take place—by a covered way 90 feet long and 10 feet wide. Both buildings will be lighted by electricity supplied by the Warrington and district Electric Light and Power Company, Limited, of which Mr. C. L. Clarke is manager. The Probyn Ladies' Orchestra has been engaged for the promen- ade concerts during the opening week, and will give two performances daily. The contributions of pictures to the exhibition have been most encouraging and as an indication of their value it may be stated that the estimated Iworth of those already offered has been put at £lOO,OOO. Mr. VV 11. Lever, of Thornton Manor, ICheshire, has promised to lend several of the best examples of the late Sir John Millais' work,and the committee have also promises of work by the late Lord Leighton. The Manchester Corporation have magnanimously promised the loan of ." The Venetians "by Luke IFildes, R.A.. and "One Hundred Years Ago" by George Sheffield, This litter picture is considered to be certainly one of the best of Mr. Sheffield's pro- ductions.

Mr. Holbrook Gaskell, of Woelton Wood, near Liverpool, will contribute a magnificent collection of black and white drawings which have never been exhibited before, of nearly thirty pictures by Luke Fildes, called the Lord Brackenbury collec- tion. In addition Mr. Gaskell's collection will include two of the finest examples of the work of David Cox, as well as" The Return of the Peni- tent" by Luke Fildes; the first Academy picture of Mrs. Fildes "On the Grand Canal " ; one of Mr. 'Alma Tadema's productions; Mr. Henry Woods, R.A.'s "014 Master " ; Mr. Van Haanen'a "The Cobbler's Shop, Venice" ; Mrs. E. M. Ward's " Challerton," as well as two celebrated pictures by Turner; Birket Foster's " Teaching Dolly to Dance," and two fine examples of the work of Wm Hunt.

The Corporations of Oldham and Liverpool have promised a loan of pictures from their Art Galleries and these will be selected by the committee, Colonel William H. Walker is sending to the ex- hibition fine samples of the work of J. D. Watson, Basil Bradley and Adrian Jones. Mr. W. H. Bleckley will send Lierkomer's pictures "By the mar,zin of the willow-veiled" "Stackpole' and "In the Doldrums" together with others. Councillor John Crosileld, J.P., who is acting with Couneillor Wools as collector of the pictures has promised to lend his picture " The Spanish war of Independency" by F. Goodall. B,A.,"The Forum;" by Ansdell, R.A. and a picture by Copley Fielding. -Alderman Henry Roberts will lend "The Monk'" by Dendy Sadler and his Mrs. Allingham picture. Mr. Robert Garnett, J.P. is sending samples of the work of Mr. Clarence Whaite.

Mr. W. A. Toplis, promises his" Fairy Grotto " ' and" Nature's Architecture," both of which have appeared in the Royal Academy. , Mr. R. H. Edmondson will contribute the well- known picture by George Sheffield "The Fishing Boat in the North sea " and " The Lancashire Pit Brow Lass" by Arthur Wasse. Mrs. Beamont has offered a collection of pictures including one by David Cox and another by Van- dycke. Mr. William Long, J.P., will contribute a very fine collection consisting of E. M. Ward's "Fire of London," and" Hurley Lock on the Thames" to- gether with works by Copley Fielding and Whimple. Messrs. Agnew and Sons of Manchester will show a collection of the finest work of Edwin Long R.A., George Leslie, R.A., Val Prinsep, A.R.A„ Robert Alacbeth, A.R.A. In addition Mrs. Thomas Agnew will lend the exhibition the Rae picture in her possession by W. P. Frith, R.A., entitled "Ilogarth arrested as a Spy and brought before the Tribunal at Calais."

Promises of other picture are expeeted,but from the list already given, it will be seen that the exhi- bition will include a fine collection of art.

COOL DISEIES FOR: HOT WEATHER.

In summer the lady of the house is ever on the look- out for suitable desert dishes fer the family, especially where there are children. She will find that one of the cnolest and most agreeable dishes, and one ever welcome to the children, and to their elders. is a blanc-mange made with Brown and Poison's Corn Flour. This may be accompanied with preserved fruit or stewed fruit of an kinds in season. A delicious jelly can be made by preparing Corn Flour with the clear juice of stewed rhubarb, or any other juicy fruit, instead of with milk. To produce these dainty dishes really goad Coro Flour is essential. Brown and Poison's" Patent " Corn Flour has long been recognized as the standard article fcr these dishes. Though sometimes a trifle dearer than ordinary makes, it goes much further than others, and the dishes made from it are always much finer in flavour. Ask for Brown and Poison's " Patent " Corn Flour, best quality and be sure that you get it.—Advt

THE REVOLT IN CRErE.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING LETTER_FROM A BRITISH

OFFICER.

Mr. K. 3/19iibbin, industrial trainer at the Pad- gate Industrial Schools, has received the following interesting letter from his brother,First Class Petty Officer T. 31`Kibbin, new serving on board H.M.S. Camperdown off the Island of Crete. (coPY) : H.M.S. Camoerdown, Crete, Mediterranean, Sep- tember llth,lB9B.—Dear Bob, I think you are sure to see about this turn out in Crete and I want you to send me the accounts in the English papers. I atn sure, as everyone of the fleet here is, English, French, Russian and Italian, that the people of Europe have no idea, cannot in fact believe the sights that take place here with Mussulmans and Christians. Our men have been shot down like flies ; about a 100 Turks to one of us. We had the officer and 11 men killed belonging to the Highland Light Infantry, and H M. S. Hazzard and cad to take them to sea to bury them as we could not bury them ashore. We have on board our ship at present 7 wounded with stabs and bullet wounds one of them in four places. The refugees who come off are in a shocking state, principally the women and children who are st,ibbed and shot in all man- ner of places. One poor young woman had her breast ripped open in 3 places and had to fly to the boats all but naked. We have on board 300 re- fugees, the other foreign men-of-war members in proportion. As this part of the Island is under our protection the most cases come off to us. There were over 700 Christians killed on the 6th and 7th inst., babies cut in two; heads chopped off, won en outraged and their houses looted and burned to the ground. When we arrived there on Tuesday night, the town (Candia) seemed ablaze and so it was in the part, where the Christian population lived. The town of Candi& has a wall right round it, and our troops are somehow hemmed in. There are only about 500 of them here and they estimate the Turks at about 40,000 to 50,000 strong. We have not found out whether the Turkish Troops are in league with the Civil population, but if it turns out to be so, we are going to bombard the place as soon as the reinforcements arrive from Malta. Well Bob. I hope you are all quite well at home, and also by the time you receive this letter that the place will be blown down over their heads, as we are getting tired of waiting. Our guns are all ready. Our big 67 ton guns at one minute's notice.--From your loving brother TOM. P.S.—I hope this is not the last.

APPOINTMENT OF THE ginv WARRINGTON PCST-

MASTER.

Mr. J. L. Viney, postmaster of Douglas, has been appo.nted postmaster of Warrington,in place of Mr. West, who has gone to Sunderland. It is not yet known when Mr. Viney will enter upon his duties at Warrington, but it may be interesting to note that he has previously held the following appoint- ments :-1880, Postmaster of Sitingbourne ; 1892, Ramsgate ; 1895, Douglas.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
BURNING A WARRINGTON 2IUN'B

EFFIGY.

SEQUEL TO • POLICE CASE. RIOTOUS SCENES.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday before thr Mayor (in the chair) and other magistrates Annie Dew' r son, 11, Jolley-street, and Margaret McCabe, Maria Jenks and Julia Jenks, of West-street, were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Kerfoot-street on the 16th inst.—Defendants pleading not guilty. The Chief Constable said this ease a 1036 out of an tut- fortunate cage which was heard at the court on Friday week. A man named Atherton appeared on a charge of deserting his wife, and in consequence of certain allege. tines made against the wife the eerie was dismissed. Al a sort of comment upon the decision of the magistrates a large crowd of people, amongst whom were the four defendants, went to the man's house the same night, burned his effigy in front of the door, broke windows with stones, and altogether behaved like savages and barbarians. That conduct went on for about an hour. Sergeant Smith said he was on duty in Winwiek- road on the night of Friday, the 16th September,and he beard of a disturbance which was proceeding in Ken oat- street. lie went there and received certain information, upon which he made a report. The street in front of Atherton's house was covered with sods, and two panes of glass were broken in a back window. Later the same night he went to the houses of the defendants. Mrs. Da191012 Atherton's daughter, admitted that she was there and threw one sod. Mrs. McCabe and the younger Jenks also admitted being there, and Mrs. Jenks denied that she was. A witness named Houlding,a master file eutter,carrying on business in Kerfootatreet, said he was reading in the house about half-past nine when he heard a terrific noise in the street. He ran to the front door, and saw a crowd of what seemed to be four or five hundred people round Atherton's house. They seemed to have collected from all the slums in Warrington. They burnt some sort of an effigy and someone kicked it against the deer. Witness sent for the police,and Sergeant Smith Came along. The disturbance seemed to have been a set plan. The crowd of people at the top of the street watched the °Meer pass on his beat, and they then knew they would have an hour. When the Sergeant came the people for the most part had dispersed. Tale was not the first time such a thing had taken place, and he thought the law- abiding portion of the people in the neighbourhood should he protected. Thomas Atherton, 24, Kerfootestreet, said a certain charge against him was dismissed by the magistrates on Friday week. The same night a number of people came to his home. He was standing outside 'smoking his pipe when the crowd came down the street. They commenced to make a fire. Be saw his daughter, Mrs. Dawson,there. His daughter deliberately took a brand from the fire and threw it towards the window. She and several of the crowd then commenced to throw sods. When the fire was made they commenced to throw stones and a window was broken at the back. The disturbance lasted about an hour. Thomas Atherton, jun., son of the last witness, said It large crowd of people came to his father's house on the Friday night. They shouted and hooted and burned an effigy. Witness saw the four defendants. They threw stones and sods. Mrs. McCabe said she would pull wit- ness out of the house and hit him. John James Rutter, 34, Kerfoot-strest, said he was talking to Atherton at twenty minutes past nine, when the crowd collected. Mrs. Dawson set fire to the effigy. The crowd shouted and made all sorts of noises. There were about 50 or 60 people there and they threw some sods. He saw Mrs. Jenks there, but she took no part fa the disturbance. Mrs. Dawson threw a stone and broke a window. Margaret Atherton gave corroborative evidence. She said, however, that she did not see Mrs. Jenks there. Defendant Dawson said that when she went down to the house there was a fire. She told her father to turn that woman out and not to disgrace himself. Defendant here burst into tears and had to be assisted to a seat. Mr. McCabe and the younger Jenks denied that they took part in the disturbance, while Mrs. Jenks said she was not there. A Mrs. Wilkinson said Mrs. Jenks was at her own house in West-street all the evening. The case aeainst her and the younger Jenks was dismissed, and the other defendants were bound over in the sum of £5 each to keep the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the costs.—The Mayor remarked that he sympatisel with the children of Antherton to a certain extent,as the ease before referred to was the most disgraceful that hid ever come before the Court.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Easy Home Dyeing

It is now possible for person to dye cotti wool, silk, feathe dcc., a black that v not fade, smudge, wash out if you

Diamon Dyes

With a six. penny packag( of any one o, the three fast black dyes—for wool, for cotton, and silk and feathers—the first triai Jgs success, and the directions on the package are so simple that even a child can get the best results. There are more than 40 colours of Diamond Dyes, and their superiority is unquestioned. Sold everywhere, 3d. and 6d. packets. A dainty book, "Successful Hone Dyeing," and 15 sampleS of dyed cloth, sent free. Address, DIAMOND DIMS, SI & 22 Snow 11111, London, NA.

brin,

WEEKLY REPORT -ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week Ending 17th, September 1893. During the week the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 49 27 The excess of births over deaths was 22. 49 The Birth Rate was 40.6 per 1,000 of population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 22.3 per 1,000, against 25-6 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 15.9 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zmotic diseases was equal to 91 per I,ooo,against 12•2 the average rate of the previoui 4 weeks, and against 2.5 the corresponding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 11 3 1 10 2 27 The deaths included-11 from diarrhcea, 3 fro= phthisis, 2 lung disease, 1 from heart disease, 1 from injuries, 9 from all other causes. The following eases of infectious disease have beau reported during the week:—Sca-let fever, 2 Wes. Total number of patients in hospital for week ending September 17th, 13. METEOROLOGY—The mean temperature was 63 Fab.s and therefore 3.1 deg. lower than the prgeeding week. The maximum temperature 81F., was recorded on the 17. h inst., and the minimum temperature 49F.5 on the 13th inst. The rainfall measured .20 inch. The general direction S.W. the reading of the anemometer denoting 3135 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

MT, CLEANLINESS AND CURE

roLuxw THE USE OF

Dr. PAUL'S WHITE _PILE OINTMENT

Gives ease at once and effectually rein-ov—aa nes. Cracks. Fissures and Utcarations In boxes 1/. & 2/0 each: Post tree 1/2a 2/9 PENN &CO SIL BLACKFRIARD ROAM -1 LONDON. $.Ek

* „lii 2,000 000 mit . 5 Yes. twO-million people drink 1— * BROOKE, BOND'S TEA 30i *n ; , every day. * fur the last four months, Brooke, *---Bond's have sold more tea than they ever sold before in any other four months * Igor throughout all their previous nine-and- twenty years of trading. These two great * facts are the dhest possible proofs that Brooke, Bon a Tea is Britain's best. gar, SOLD BY AGHNTS BVBRYWHERE, kr * 10d, 16 1/4,1/8 & 2/. a lb. Air lik Co.,OOKE, BONDy v&e , * ----VA, LIMITED, lir Tea Merchants by appointment to The 'IP— People. 3*

lir

COMFO 4

an inexperienced re!, -', ill, 4•4'. ..e.-. tc,-. '4% ,or ...1' ' ' . % f use .c1(7,-,---5) ~,,,. R-,;,t •r• . _.... ~- .... -,,..; .- :-....-) i Ce my_401,4 i f f'... If -WiartlP-' \-).! ) ~ ......c,,i ri \,...,....., --------4-------;:. c.,

===== 0002601_18980930_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
4 I to' 1 , 1 r 4 1 10, '

===== 0002601_18980930_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
-, 1,1 t • .1

•

e I

11

===== 0002601_18980930_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
41

I

I

t "

:or

I

•

===== 0002601_18980930_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Wrni*'3"k

===== 0002601_18980930_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Or "eramtner" Otrlt6

OP IJICILEHIE IND CEENEIBE COVIrrIr NTWBPTPXRI3: COMprisee

riNHE Warrington and Mid-CheshireExaminer, pub- lished every Saturday morning. rrHE Earle:town and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TE Bt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. •

------- rrHE Buncorn Examiner, published every Friday JL morning,

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning! PRBPAID ADVBItTISHMENTES.

SITTJATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE.LET, 8/THATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, spEariczeanciam FORLSALE BY PRITATS CONTRACT MISCELLANEoITS WANTS.

BOUM AND OTIMB PILENISBEI TO BE LET OR 1101. r. One Three 81x ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 118 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18980930_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
nonuatt OtrbantO, &r.

-WANTED, good young MINERAL. Small family.--Mr• ; I‘ T MURBY, Albert-road, Wigan.

WANTED Servant GIRL, about 17 years of age.—Apply 59, ALL EXANDRA-BOA.D, W H. Morecambe.

WANTED. strong GENERAL, age 26; good reference, no washing.—Apply 5 to 9, 19, GREKN-STBEET, Ardwie k, Manchester.

wx

a respectable GIRL, about 18; good . character required.—Apply 456. ROCHDALE-BOLD, Dianc.bester.

WANTED, two respectable SERVANTS. Small family; '‘ T no children; witching put out. —Mrs. SIMON, United College, Bradford.

WANTED, 000K-GENBRAL immcdiately housemaid kept: fare paid.—Apply Mrs. Isszawoon, Thornciale, Virmston, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL and NURSE, small family, wages EIS and £l4, reference required.—BßlDGE, "elgrave-place, Bury.

ANTED, good GllNEltiaL SERVANT.—AppIy by letter giving references 73, SUSSEX-STREET, Lower Ilronghton, Blanchester.

"WANTED, STRONG GBNBRAL Servant; able to wash T and bake; references required. Apply ALB ion Boum Red Lion-street, Burnley.

SHAFORTII SAND3.—Respectable GIRL fort housework and little washing; wages 35.—RUDHON, 203, Crosby - road South, Seaforth. Liverpool.

WANTED. respectable General SERVANT for farmhouse; must be able to milk.—Apply, JAMES Tarrke, Bare Tree Farm, Burnley-lane, Oldham.

][1.01:1911MAID and Housemaid-Waitress.—Wanted. H 01188• maid ; also tiousemaid-Waitress.—Apply, MRs . Aramsort, Miriou House. Crewe.

QiIITANTS WANTING good SITUATIONS and good 110 wages, private and public, write at onae. STAIPDLIV'EI REG-Lana, Alma-street, Blackburn.

IVABTED, young WOMAN for Farmhouse. must be good milker; good wages.—Mrs. FAIRCLOUGH, Spring field Farm, Adlington. Chorley, Lancashire.

-WITTED, good GENBRAL, age 28 ; wages £lB.—Com- fortable home; part washing ; good plain cook.— Eaferences, EXIIILSON, Glenwood, Stockport.

GOVBRNBSSBS. Companions, Housekeepers. Nurses and all classes of domestic servants.—Apply for Prospectus, TIM NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT BVIEELIT, Bradford.

WANTED good General SERVANT one that can do plain Cooking, Washing going out, Diuree kept, 5 Family. —Apply 67, IVAVRRTREE ROAD, lidgehill, Liverpool.

VANTED, TWO EiHNBRALS for small Hotel, must be clean, able to wash, age about 20, wages £l2 each. apply EDWARDS, Orwell Hotel, Orwell-road. Liverpool.

IV-ANTED. strong GIRL, about 17. where senior servant is kept ; good character absolutely indispens- able ; state wages.—H., 109, CLYDE-BOAD, Dldsbury, Man- hasten

WANTBD, experienced COOK GHNHEAL and House- maid-Waitress for Southport. Family, four. Be- ginning of October.--Rep y MRS. BENNETT, Tyn-y-Celyn, Bahl°, N. Wa'es.

WANTED, two strong respectable young GIRLS (orphans preferred) as Nurse and Genera' ; fond of children; comfo:table country home - characters required.— DELVEL Long Preston, Yorkstdra.

WANTED experienced HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS at once ; for gentleman's family ; temporary or perma- nent; state height. age, wages, refs., when at liberty.— Mrs. S., 12, Lord-st., West, Southport.

I ALB and FRMALB NURSES InoTITUTION, 70, Hope- jV Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage apply or telegmph.--• • Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

WANTED at once for Earlestown a good COOK- GENERAL, age not under 23, wages £18; no washing; also wanted at once good Housemaids. Cook-Generals for publics.—Apply to Mrs. MARSDEN, 38 Queen-street, Eeries- t:mu.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Ott:IMO, Zusintsses, ett.

OLD-BSTABLIOHED FISH and CHIPS to - SALE; latest improvements ; tour fires, bath, W.C. ; eheap,-23,Ord- e-q-lane, Saltord.

TOBACCO AND CONFECLIONBRY BUSINESS for Sale good position. Good reason for disposal.—Apply to 115 ECG-STREET, Bgremont. Cheshire.

CRIED FLSHand CHIPS.MABBOTTS CHAMPION Range A 2 and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels for outdoors 24 page hit free. 51, Lever-et. Manchester.

OWRBR RRTIRING.—WeII-ksown, Old-established FUR NITURN BUSINESS TO BE DISFOSED OF: would snit auctioneers or others large shop, showroom, large kitchen. scullery, four bedrooms, bath w. c., and two cellars. low rent : good proof, books kept : ingoing £l2O : stock at valuation : pony and cart if required.—Apply W. Owe, 157, Rochdale-road, Manch ester.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARR-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous ..a.,CUS- TOMERS and the Publics generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HREGOOCE at Ring- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gaslitter, Bm., where he hopes, by being more cectrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the publia patronage.

N.B.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Selection or wall papers and decorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decoratin

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT.

BITITERMARKET-STRR T AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD„ and The " UNBREAKABLE " P :LLEY and HILL GUARINO CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes Anvils, Vices, Bellows. Nails. Screws. Bolts and Chains all descriptions, Spad-s and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Ran Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Palate, and Colours, Gal vanised Corrugated Sheets. Roofing Felt, lce., Forgiugs an d • Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM TUB BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. 'SERVANTS LIVERIES 41;1, STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. • 'LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. -Solo Agents for massns. ALLEN HAIGH ALND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLISEEN'S MACINTOSHES. -35 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

Telephcne No. 55. e: ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, az' to announce that he has removed his Offices tc :the mo eonvenient premises No. 1 BANK STREET,

The Grosuscl 'Floor of the Central eale Rooms.

1/ottki, 3hpbroO, 35oarbing Olgtab.

Apartnunto, tr eurniecbtb ;oucStei.

A BERYSTWYTH.—PrIyste APARTMENTS,cIose to castle, beacb.—M.rs. ANDREW DAVIES, 4, Castle Terrace,Soutb- road.

141 LACKPOOL.—Boarding terms weekly 258.; for two or more 21s. each.—Mrs. KNIGHT, 6 Carshalton-road. Sea view.

SCARBOBOUGH.—APARTMENTS, Ashton House, 3 Marlborough Terrace sea view: terms moderate.—B. HODGSON.

BIIIGHTON.—Gordon House, Cannon-place. Home to borne. Bear West Fier and Amusements. Address Mrs. BRODER.

MORECAMBE.—MES. GROVES, 4. Parliament-street ; Comfortable APARTMENTS; near Sea and Pier, W.E. ; piano.

1 LABDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD, Bnglefield, Queen's-ro ad .1.1 Cralg-y-Don. Public and Private Rooms; board if desired sea view.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable Apartments, with or without board, near North Pler.—Mrs, HOENE, lg, Clifton-street. Established 1875. LANDI7DNO.—Private and Boarding APARTEEIITB 1...4 mountain and sea views,winter terms.-11wav BOT Albany View, Lloyd-street.

I\TORTiI WALES.—Apartments, with board or vithout ; II beautiful situation; low rate for tieptember.—Mus. JoNES, rem Hill, Trefriw. ---

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BEXSTEEW 38. Templeton-terrace. North Shore. Good BEDS and Cooking; two minutes from sea ; near Hydro; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—CIean and e,omfortable APARTMHNTS. at 1/ Mansfield Lodge, 50 Tyldesley-road ; home from home ; terms moderate ; public or private. _

QOUTHPORT.—MRS. BIBBY (late of Hindley Green). 13. 1..) Tulketh-street, APARTMENTS. Near station, pier and pronaenade. Comfortable home. Terms moderate.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ilEitutteD.

A GENT WANTED, to sell !CHECK-METERS for saving 1-1 Gas Billa—MasioN. 110, Strand, London.

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1843. or earlier 189 2 or later; also last Arctic; £2 each givert—Maj or TOMBS Droitwich.

"DINER WANTED, good man,Ernust be steady and P 3 reliable; good wages given.—F. WiLMSLET, Builder, Whitby, Northwieh.

DI IRMINGRAII GOODS.—Everything for dealers, fur- l) nishers, clubs, ac. ;Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write limsaY MAT, Factor, Birmingham.

WANTBD, to ADOPT a BOY or GIRL as comranlon for my child, small premlum.—Mrs. PENTECOST, 3, Kant thbull-place, New-street. Ashford, Kent.

MILK. MILK, MILK. WANTED, large or small quan- tities of well-tooled milk, payments weekly.—Apply to M. SMITH, 47, Great Prescot-street, London. B.C.

WANTED for cash Postage Stamps (present issue English excepted) colleccions or loose ; unused stamps cashed. ..—PLDMRLDGE AND Co., 63-6, Chancery-lane. London. x

WANTBD a MAN accustomed to Subliming Sal-ammoniac. Permanent situation to a competent man.—Address F. W. Houck:mum., Parkton Grove, Rock Ferry, Cheshire. QT. SIBION AND ST. JUDE'S. Southport.—ASSISTANT 1,7 (Art 50) for St. ; good disciplinarian ; geography. drawing, Churchwoman; salary 245.—Address MISTRESS.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
EUSTANCE AND CO.'S

GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALE

IS STILL CONTINUED DURING ALTRI' TIONS.

DISCOUNT 10 TO 25 PER CENT.

43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

gialtsi bp prthate Ertatp.

Large Stock of Bedsteads from Payments taken 15s. 6d, Flock Bed. Bolster, and two Pillows from 10s. 6d. Cheap.

GOOD acclimatised Talking Amazon PARROTS ON SALE at C. BEM:Th(O2lff,, 96, Raper-street, Oldham.

WANTED. to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S, CISUBBS', or CHAT WOOD'S SAFES.—RDwARDs AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool:

"VON BAIR KNITTING MACHINBS, nearly new, £I3 .12 Machines for £6.—Particulars. EktiIIICROGER BROS., Todmorden. x

-DUBBERINE, closes all small punctures in tyres AutO- ii quite harmless. R. RAMSBOTTONS, 81, Market-street, Manchester,

VU C 411 DUKE A COMFORTABLE INCOME on the 1. Turf. Stamped addressed envelope to H. SAUNDERS, Hornsey, London. for his grand system.

GOLF BALLS, best gutta (cheap) Afton Swallows, Afton ornets, Afton Meteors, sizes 281 n, 27iin.—Addres5 " GoLFEB," zfazleburst, Freshwater, I.W.

SPARR Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either sea) sequired everywhere ;no risk, no outIay.—TARGET CYCLE DEPOT, 48, Finsbury elms, London. a

rrO FARMBII6.—Corn Bran 475 6d per ton (sacks included) 1 free on rails; Liverpool ;1 cash.-308EPEI M. CONNF Corn Merchant, A South John-street, Liverpool.

LAZIRRS' DIAMONDS.—Reliable tools at moderate 1.. T prices. Diamonds re-set 2s. 6d.; write for list. Slum, SS, Rahcre-street, Goswell-road. London, 1r

CMS. to 30s a week can be earned on the "Original" I POS. TBR PATENT KNIT.CER ; knits stockings, socks, &e.—Write ja.mrs FOSTER, Maker, Priargate, Preston.

VRIED FISH and caups.—Menßorr'm Champion 1: Ranges and Potato Peelers, a'eo shop on wheels for outdoor ;24 page Ilst free.--bl. LEVEII-11T., Manchester. x

" EXAMINER' )FFICE' PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

THE "EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS, BEWSEY-STRERT. WARR I NGTON

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch. SPECIALITY:.

Auctioneers' Sale Pals7,--eaTZWes., Conditions of Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls. Etc. Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cr:cket Club Ruiss,Time Sl.eets and Books,Note Head ings.Memorandurn s,Work Notes I Heads, Business, Visiting and Mourning Cinss, Handbills, Am Solicitors, Merchints, Manufacture a, Trsdesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are ,requested to give a trial.

JOHN WAGER AND CO PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES IOR wETES, &c.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

iflacbirxi2, etc.

rEo be let.

rpo LET, COTTAGES ofT LOVELY-LANE, rents 43. Apply _1 ASHTON and WOODS, solicitors. Horsemarket-at., War- rington.

mo LEIT.—LAIMIII ROOM, Orford-street; rent £2O Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horeemarket-st., Warrington.

910 LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, In Orfori-et., 1. rent El3.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solleitore,Horee- market-street, Warrington.

rr 0 BB LET, good Shop, Workshops and Dwelling-house, 1 No. 17, street and King-streat.—Apply to WILLIAM WINSTARLEY, plumber, Park-place.

DWELLIN4-HOUSB.—To be Let, an excellent Dwelling- house In arappenhall-road, Latchford. No. 5, Wood- blne-terrace.—Apply at No. 6, to J. HARBISON.

TO BB LET, 7, Museum-street, WarAngton,—Apply to ROBERT BYEHLEY, 4, Severß-road, Westboume,Sheffield, or Wakefield. Snook, and Jackson, Chester.

rpo LST,—WAREHL USE STABLII with rooms over. and _L large yard attached; rent £2.s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st,eet, Warrington.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

lamp.

publfrattoncs,

EN V EIeOPES 2. P Y,ll 1,000. "EX k d IIN EX ' kIFFICE,

at up Zurtion.

BY MR. ROBERT LOWE.

pITTS'S PIANOS, by best makers, now being cleared out totally irrespective of profit. Unprecedented oppor- tunity. Quaranteed great:saving. Cashew Easy Payments.

FITTS'S BASSINBTTES, Lamps. China, Wass, Earthen- ware. Magnificent display in Show-windows. Pleasure to see it. ,

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE, FoUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1897 EXCEEDS £425,000,000.

For all particulars apply to the f ollowing Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. ickmere k Son, Bridge-at. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers. 55,11orsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthlngton,2lKing-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank Street.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ti E EX &MINER.

HE LIMBER 30th, 1898.

THE annual report of the Educational Committee of Council on Edu- cation whick has been issued this week, is more than a month later than usual. The delay may be due to the fact that the recent legislation establishing Associations lof Voluntary Schools, and increasing the " aid " grants, has thrown more work on the DepArtrnent. A month later though it is, the elementary school statistics are only brought down to August 31s1,1897,which further illustrates the slow movements of the official mind when it has t) do with the compila- tion and tabulation of facts and figurei. The re- port, generally speaking, is fairly satisfactory as a record of progress. But even Liberal educa- tionists will be ready Lo acknowledge that the Dims of DEVONSIIIRE and Sir JoHN Gone; who are responsible for it, have not spared the defects of the present system. The increase in the number of children receiving ele- mentary education has not been so great during the past year as in the previous year, but a re- duction of the rate of increase must be expected as the whole population comes under the opera- tion of the Education Acts. Expre3sed in per- centages, the number of scholars on the register increased in 1897 1.54 per cent., as compared with 2.33 per cent, in the previous year. The increase in average attendance %Minot quite so good-1•48 per cent., as compared with 2.26. The report complains much of "leakages." Compulsion in the country districts appears to be la z and ineffective, especially in the case of children over twelve. Among the agricultural population the old idea still prevails that " elementary education pro- duces a disinclination among many of the more promisini children to enter upon a life of agricul- tural labour." It is pointed out also that "rural educational authorities, who are the sole authori- ties for enforcing school attendance, and for pre- venting the employment of children before they have fulfilled certain educational requirements, are sometimes themselves among those who are anxious to obtain cheap child labour at certain times of the year." They are, therefore, "apt to refuse to fix a reasonably high standard " in their by-laws, and sometimes refrain altogether from enforcing those; by-laws. Thus self-interest still operates to prevent our educational system from becoming truly national. It is to be feared, how- ever, that it is not only in agricultural districts this is the case. The Voluntary Schools, and the efforts of their promoters, still tend, more or less, to divert to sectarianism what was meant for education, both in the form of funds and administrative energy. Touching the

vi t

employment of children of school ago, the Depart- I ment is preparing a special return, which should prove useful to educational reformers who desire to raise the age of exemption from manual labour for young children. At the same time it must be . admitted that this question is one attended with considerable difficulty. The report points out that the employment of school children in such light work as that of caddies on golf links may benefit • Ithem by keeping them in the open air. Who half-timers are abolished, and the age of employ- ment raised, it will, perhaps be unwise to draw line,too tightly around "casual employmf It is, on the whole, satisfactory to find that, pite certain drawbacks which some of our t tinental nations have not to contend against, are making progress educationally, and our Schi Boards are gradually raising the national of enlightenment. - in It

ths

tents:

des,

WHEN things do move The Chinese China they move rapidly. Transformation. _ t mIY

hat

is only a few days ago tJ we heard of the palace revolt, and now, not oi is the young EPtIPEROR deposed and almost f( gotten, and the EMPRESS-DOWAGER reigning in stead, but all his reform decrees have been al gated, and his principal advisers are in prisc among them being CHANG YIN ROAN, Li He Caeleu's great rival. Li HUNG CHANG himself,wl was but the other day dismissed from the penal service, is "topside " again. He is tically all-powerful now. It is even said that lEntea ma wants to marry him, but that may be icanard. Apparently the late EMPEROR was going I too fast, with his new Western ideas of reform. He was a young man in a hurry. The EMPRESS' DOWAGER warned him that he was let. ting his zeal run away with his discretion but when it came to a decree against the sacred pigtail, the EMPRESS, being a strong minded lady, could stand it no longer, and immediately asserted the superiority o f her sex, turned her hopeful nephew out of the palace, and put in prison as many of his friends as she could lay hands on. Now the old order is restored in China, and the Mandarins are no longer in fear of their purses or their pigtails. It is something to China's credit that this revolution has been carried out bloodlessly. But, perhaps, that is only another proof of the phlegmatic dispo- sition of the Celestials. How stand British inter - ests, the open door, and the railway concessior4 under the new rig fine? As yet we are in the dark on this question. Some of the reports from China have been ominous and disquieting. The British fleet has been moved about with consider- able celerity ; but apparently the net result h. ' been that a few war ships steamed from Wei-lue'. Wei up to Taku and then steamed back again, without accomplishing more than was achieved by the DUKE of YORK and his twenty thousand men on a memorable occasion. The Russian influenc has had something to do with tho coup d'etat is' more than probable. Li Hubro's family are said, tobe under the protection of the Russians Oe PORT ARTHUR, and Li Iliallo himself, who is back in the Imperial confidence, iS known to be patronised, if not paid,. by Russia. Then it is stated from Pekin that lisu-Yineo-Yi, who was removed from the Tsung-li-Yamen at the instance of Sir NICHOLAS O'CONOR, for breach of faith, has been rc appointed a member of diat body. All news in- dicates that British influence is no longer in the ascendant. Although M. PAN-Lore has gene Sir CLAUDE MACDONALD has :not succeeded him as dictator-in-chief to the Court of Pekin. The re- flection must occur to many, who have intelli- gently followed events in both the Far and th near East, that, had Sir CLiUDE MACDONALD Only acted with the decision and firmness that Admire? Noy. had recently shewn in Crete, Great Britain' influence would be stronger than it is in China to- day. Perhaps, however, any weakness in this direction must be charged to the Foreign Office home, not to our Minister at Pekin. It is certain that the wrangles between the English Arabes' seder and the Russian • Charge d AffaireB have tended to lower the prestige of both Powers in the eyes of the Celestials. Our differences with Russia ought to have been settled in London or St. Petersburg. We could then have spoken in tones more likely to be heeded at Pekin. Just iiner the Powers might do worse than take the advice given by a German paper, and "instead Of wrangling about concessions decide upon conarnen action "in the interests of all civilised Powers. Coming from the quarter it does, this advice is not' disinterested, but it is to the purpose.

for-

hir

ibre

riso:

,sist ,ho :m-

prac.

the

I

At a meeting of Congregationalists of the Liver- pool district, of which Warrington forms a part, e resolution was carried protesting in strong rerrae against the sacerdotal doctrines and practices ilr troduced into the Church of England, which theY consider a national danger and call for the iol- mediate interference of Parliament. Protests of 8 similar nature have been frequent of late, not onl', from without the Church "as by law Established/ but from within. There was a remarkable scene at the Church Congress itself on Wednesday wheo Mr. Kensit who has been conspicuous in his agitv tion against Ritualism met with a very war' not to say boisterous—reception. The usuallY suave gentlemen who constituted his heare.re shouted at him ; they called him a liar, and twlce the Bishop had to ask them to show fair plaY. This pretty quarrel amongst members of tlr National Church is not edifying but it 15 very interesting to outsiders and serves to show the vast amount of perturbation which the Romish practices have caused. It has been arguedl,. by some of the leaders of the Church that Noir conformists have no voice in what is going 05 within the Established Church, and that it is for , Churchmen to decide what doctrines shall ,be taught, or what Ritualistic practices shall be troduced. This is rather a narrow-minded yieW te take of such an important question. When , eci , church which claims to be national teaches 0„0 practices doctrines which are likely to undo t" work of the Reformation, Nonconformists have 55 right as citizens and as Evangelical Protestaut„ to interfere. And that they are determined f)'' do so is exemplified by the resolution passed at t : meeting of Congregationalists at Liverpool 0' Tuesday --- _

--- It has been said that the Spaniards are sorrY Columbus ever discovered America, but recer' events brand this statement as a libel on tt.llB Spanish character. If they were wroth with tr long dead traveller on account of his great d!5- covery it is hardly likely that they would dealr°r to do more honour to his remains now, than ove they did the man himself when alive. What there is of him not returned to the dust from which II!' sprang,has to be brought to Spain with the WlT- tions of war which have escaped seizure by toc' Americans. It is a wonder that the latter hale not impounded the remains of Columbus. Arserie: has a stronger claim to them than Spain, for de.° she not owe her very existence to the Spanish dire coverer ? We must suppose, however, that, t:„ Americans in the magnaminity engenderea re- victory in the breasts of the conqueror halloo • frained from claiming the bones of the no•e'c.erer after all, was a Spaniard first and a disc°. afterwards. All that remains mortal of another grel!'t is likewise refused an undistur bed rest, bdt

we I

1

F

===== 0002601_18980930_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
standard(

two cases of disinterment are not quite on all 4ours.Some madman with more scientific zeal than respect for the dead has taken possession of the Niandi'R head, and has avowed his intention of Presenting it to the Royal College of Surgeon's. No doubt the head of a man who caused this country ao ranch trouble and bloodshed in interesting but such a mutilation of the dead is a dis- Face to civilization. If this sort of thing is going tube condoned by the English as a nation, we 111.ay reasonably expect that the fleeing Khalifa till ultimately be secured, and deprived of his br,ead for the delectation of the morbidly curious. might go a little further and presume that it soon be regretted that the head of Napoleon trts not chopped oft and presented to the British Ilaseum as a curio. The benediction " Requiscat /n. Pace" is more in keeping with our vaunted ...olvilisation than the sacriligeous defilement of the '"hdre remains perpetrated in the name of '3olence. We hope sincerely that such an honour- able institution as the Royal College of Surgeons I'4ll not sanction the breach of good taste and pro- 12riety committed on its behalf, but refuse r have anything whatever to do with t'oo Mandi's head, however interesting a curio and object of scientific research it may be.

Of the many suggestions made last year for celebrating the Diamond Jubilee of Her Majesty ..,the Queen in Warrington a prominent place was %wen to that of an Art Exhibition. The proposal *lst with general acceptance, but after being talked about, and then postponed, it was even- tually.„ struck off the programme altogether. When nis decision was arrived at it was thought that the last had been beard for some time to come of !In art exhibition in Warrington. But it is now being revived again in a somewhat modified and raore practical form. This time it is to celebrate .4 jubilee of an entirely different kind. The 4fluseum and Art Gallery it appears were duly °Paned in 1848, and the committee are desirous of celebrating the institution's 50th anniversary by getting together a collection of really first- class works of art. And what is more tO the point there is every probability of the corn- taittee succeeding in doing so. Last year, it will be remembered there was a noticeable apathy about an art exhibition in quarters where there should have been most enthusiasm. But all this is now changed. The Art Exhibition Corn- ittee is busily engaged in the work of making the necessary arrangements, and already pictures to the value of £lOO,OOO 'nave been promised for the exhibition. Such a collection as that which is Promised for inspection next month has never been acen in the town during its long history, and it Should prove an unique and commendable cele- bration of art in a town which has had within its borders many men who have made their mark in '4e world of art.

M. de Rougement has escaped from the dis- etanforts and sufferings attendant upon life among ,44vages, but the environments of civilisation at vrtesent afford him very little rest. His remark-. 131 e story has aroused a host of critics, whose `Tinabers and activity seem to increase rather than l'ecrease, "The Daily Chronicle" still continues 40 be the offensive medium, but the letters which 2PPear therein so far have disproved nothing. They "ve thrown doubt on a number of the traveller's itlatements which would do with a little explana- . on, but he still presents a calm and undaunted !Tont to the F;;•,ptics. The principal point before "le public just now, is de Rougemont's birth and ancestry. Notwithstanding the closest re- 13bLarchea in Paris no clue can be obtained as to antecedents In fact there seems a grave ,‘!eubt as to whether he ever was born—perhaps growed " like Topsy in Uncle Tom's cabin. 4,11 t de Rougemont asserts that he was born in II:* ordinary manner of mortals. Enquiries are Vll proceeding, and if there is any chronicle of w 4,8 advent into the world of Louis de Rougemont it ill prcbably be discovered. When it is,it will clear Ii much that seems dubious with regard to this Rentleman's bona fides. It is quite refreshing to zll4' arid will be a source of pleasure to de Rouge- -„on°,11, t) to find in yesterday's "Chronicle "a letter jr,ffellY in defence of the traveller. " Anglo- bisunralian supports his contbntion that the )3._.l4cks of North West Australia are fine, well- 'kilt fellows and also corroborates some of Rougeniont's descriptions of native practices, prowess with the boomerang. To our mind here is no more reason for disbelieving the re- karkable story now than there was at the cora- tnencement. It cannot be expected that every- 'ling de Rougemont saw and did in his terrible 'rile will accord with the much more superficial ,I!uowledge of the writers who criticise him so •

===== 0002601_18980930_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
J

krTEMPTED SUICIDE AT LATCHFORD.

POLICE PROCEEDINGS.

the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday -'orning before the Mayor (in the chair) and other kis • glstratee, James Rostock, 3, Lower Wash-lane, Latch- was charged with attempting to commit suicide, hanging himself at five o'clock on Sunday morning. Zue Chief Constable said defendant and his wife had 7.Zt been living happily together for some time. 447 Went to bed at ten o'clock on Saturday night, 4:out midnight the wife was awakened by hearing fendant say" You are nasty with me ; why don't LIA answer me ?" She replied " I didn't hear you tr7lE," Defendant then got up and went down- s grumbling. They quarrelled for a little lie. and then the wife went to sleep. She hai* akened about two hmrs later, ana heard walking about. She again fell asleep, b"u waking at five o'clock she called out. There was answer, and dae and her little daughter, aged nine, tuefit downstairs and were horrified to find defendant Triagi'3,g from a cord fastened to a hook in the ceiling. fa wire immediately got a knife and cut the cord. De- %e •t fell to the ground saying "Oh Lord, keep me." tfle said te him "What have you done this for?" and he Pled "Well, I only did it to 'fear' you." She then 5,,413t for Constable Corcoran. He (the Chief Constable) geested to the m.eistrates to remand defendant for a toe*, during which time he would have an opportunity !collet into a right frame of mind and fully realize the he had committed. Nslderman Harrison : Has he been seen by a medical ? Chief Constable : N. He did not hurt himself Much. *43,-)eferidant : lam as right in my mind now as ever I hava been cast down, having had 42 weeks of vp4oless in three years. It has left me very weak.- kilt I get a drop of her it takes effect upon me. I Tksigh the pledge if you will let me go. ate.ge Chairman said that in the interest of the defend- ' it seemed the best thiog to remand him for a week.

GREA.T SANKEY SCFIOOL BOARD. eth,s—e naonthly meeting was held on Tuesday at the aia 008, Mr. T. Halton in the chair. There were 1, 0 Aresent —Messrs. Joseph Wright, John Kilshaw, l'erks, George Clarke (bead master), and B. th:ftrar (school attendance and inquiry officer). In It; absence of the clerk (Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun.), Th Clarke read the minutes, correspondence, &c. Ileadmaster's monthly report was as follows : %9,BqPtetuber 3, on books 329, present 314, average fees. 11s. Bd. : September 10, on books 328, 17'Bent 310, average 287.7, fees, Ils. 4d. ' • September If" books, 326, present 309, average 277.2, fees, 4. in 4Pet ud• ; September 24, on books 326, present 308, aRe 283.2, fees. 19s. 2d. ; total fees, £2 148._ likiaClarke reported that there was a balance In /leath2rl favour of the Board of £164 9s. 4d.—The tf thZa,ster explained that the lower attendances din;!ast month had been owing chiefly to cases 'ger, —‘llcea, of which there bad been a large num-

===== 0002601_18980930_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
I

RIINCJRN AND virLDNE6.

NEW CURATE FOR RUNCORN.

At Chester Cathedral, on Suuday,Charles Pigott Bash- forth, 8.A.. of Pembroke College, Cambridge, and, St. Aidan's College. Birkenhead, was ordained deacon, and licensed to All Stints', Runcorn. SUCCESS OF RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE DAY

===== 0002601_18980930_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ScHooLs.

The success of this enterprise far the first year has ex- ceeded the most sanguine expectations. Forty-eight pupils were eligible for examination, and the grant earned was £231 163. 7d., equal to £4 16e. 7d.,per head. Mr. Marshall's estima,e for the first year was £l9O. The result, therefore, must be very gratifying to all concerned in the welfare of the schools. A MAN ATTACKED BY A HORSE AT PRESTON Bnoox. On Monday evening John Littlemare, boatman, in the employment of the Auderton Company, was driving bis horse near Preston Brook tunnel on the Bridgewater Canal, when the animal suddenly attacked him and knocked him down. The horse then trampled upon him. His hand was so mutilated that three fingers bad to be amputated, and he was otherwise seriously injured. ACCIDENT ON THE SNIP CANAL AT RUNCORN. On Monday an accident betel a steamer bound for Manchester a t the Swing Bridge, Runcarn. Owing to some defect in the machinery the bridge would not open properly, and the steamer collided with it while at an angle, and was driven aground, after sustaining con- siderable damage to her top sail, kc. She was eventu- ally got off by some tugs, and proceeded on her journey.

ACCIDENT TO A BEICESETTEE AT WIDNES. On MondaY morning Frederick Taylor, aged 25, 22, New-street, Siam; Cross, was admitted to the accident hospital with bis bead b trily cut and both arms and right hip bruised. It appears that he was engaged vsof the house occupied re- pointingbytirs.Toanyeloorf,t4hBe,bmacerksecyh-irmoande . From some unknown cause he overbalanced himself and fell on to the wash- house roof underneath, and then rolled to the ground. Upon his arrival at the infirmary he was attended to by Dr, Hutchinson. THE VICTORIA-ROAD SCHOOL CONTINUATION CL&SSES. The continuation classes under the auspices of the Runcorn School Board will be re-opened on Monday next, and no young people should neglect to ntake use of the golden oppertunity of keeping in touch with such an ezcollent institution. A glance at the syllabus will best illustrate the extant and scope of the classes. Mr. W. Ballance, (one of Her Majesty Inspectors bf schools) will also attend on Monday night, to distribute the prizes won in connection with the Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes ; and all interested in educational matters generally are cordially invited to the meeting. See advertisement for further particulars.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
'RUNCORN NOTES. --- [By A CORRESPONDEN]]

The decision of the Board of Guardians in refus- ing an applicant—because she kept a publichouse —who applied for sanction to adopt a young girl, an inmate of 14 years of age, was dictated by pru- dence. There could be no personal objection to the applicant, who was apparently influenced by the most commendable and kindly feeling, and who would probably have taken every care of her charge. But all common sense people, whether teetotallers are not, will realize at once the great danger there would be in allowing an impression- able girl to be installed in a public-house, even as the adopted daughttor of the landlady. Temptation would beset her at every turn, with possible conse- quences to a moral character which has not had the strict training of respectable home life, that are not difficult to foresee. The Guardians acted wisely in not making a precedent which might be followed by serious consequences. OF course it is purely a matter of principle, and rather hard on the well- meaning applicant, but the Guardians are right in setting that principle on a high pedestal. They hold a grave responsibility in their control over the lives of the young inmates of the workhouse.

I notice that a rumour as to there being serious difficulties in the way of the electric lighting of Runcorn is being circulated, but how much there is in it remains to be seen. I have beard such reports so often, that personally I put little credence in them.

FOOTBA LL. The result of the match between Runcorn and Oldham, is a matter to deplore, at it is by no means representative of the game. Of course, Old- ham were the best fifteen, and a" good bit" the best, yet still that " bit "would never be represen- ted by 24 points, Then how did it come about?

--- It was due in some measure to the slowness of the referee, that the "bottle-greens" were "bottled- "to the tune of 27 points to 3. The conte3t wag a good one, being fast and open; and had Oldham been satisfied with playing the strict game, there would have been nothing to mar an other-wise capi- tal display of the Northern Union code.

As it happened Oldham were allowedlto indulge in some exceedingly sharp, and reprehensible prac- tices. They "knocked-on," "passed forward," slipped in "offside," and last bilt not least impeded their opponents when on the point of tackling the catcher or scorer. Still they played a superior game and would have won independently of these blem- ishes. But if they had not indulged in them they would hardly have beaten Runcorn by such a large margin.

As an illustration that "The champions" did not have all their own way, it is interesting to note that Charlie Butterworth (probably the youngest three-quarter back in the First Division) scored a try against them. And further, Runcorn only had 14 men out in the second half, Jolley being badly hurt. Thus Runcorn were playing against Oldham, shady practices, and bad luck—quite enough to overwhelm any team.

A. word in praise of the Runcorn forwards! They were the best of the two packs, and on Saturday's form will prove a thorn in the flesh of a good many teams before the close of the competition. They dribbled superbly,tand some of their runs made the Oldham crowd quite envious. S. Walker, J.Hughes, and Gayter,to say nothing of Lightfoot,got through some excellent work.

The Runcorn A team were also beaten on Satur- day, and Oldham A romped home with 14 points to nil. The game was a spirited, but one sided one. This result is little to be wondered at, when it is considered that the Oldham "A "is practically com- posed of reserves—(and some of them " stars" at that), to the Oldham first; and that the Oldham club could put two teams on the fiald very nearly equal to each other.

On Saturday Leigh, who are in about the same boat as Runcorn,pay a visit here. What makes the game of a little interest—is the doubt as to which team is the worst, as both fifteens got beaten heavily on Saturday.—Leigh at Broughton by 29 points to 2 points, and Runcorn at Oldham by 27 points to 3 points. The Runcorn team has been selected but there is still some doubt as to its final composition.

Runcorn Athletic Association team, are a number of young enthusiasts, who are trying hard to estab- lish some kind of an association team in Runcorn. But so far their attempts have resulted in big de- feats. They are a persevering lot, however, and mean to make a stir. On Saturday they play Wid- nes Vies., at home (Canal-street ground). The team is selected as follows :—Goal, Stanway ; backs, Worthington, and McLeod ; halves, Gleave.Burrows, and Bell; forwards, Lunt, Hilton, Hulse, Hopwood, and Williams, with Caruthers, Dumbell, and Law- ton as reserves.

CYCLISTS USN PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Enamellette.and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. AGENTS: McLEAN AND CO., 13, SEEL-STREET, LIVERPO

MOURNING : W. T. WILLIAMS makes a speciality of the Mourning Department. Latest novelties in Blank Dress Goods and Millinery, always in Stock. Stylish Dressmaking.-74, BANKEY-STREIST, WARRINQTON.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1898

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held at Dutton, on Tuesday, there being present :—Messrs. Joseph Knowles. J.P. (chairman), 11. Taloot, J.P., C. E. Linaker, E. Clarke, C. W. Davenport, T. Baxter, C.C., J. Spruce, H. Maudeley, P. Gleave, Lewis,P. Leather, J. M. Williams, T. Wright. T. Darlington, J. Whitlow,S. Woodward, J. Mclntyre, E. Brethercon, J. Tudor, J.B. Chadwick with Mr. John Ashton (c'erk), Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk), Mr. J. Farrington (inspector), Mr. W. Diggle and Mr. J. Swinton (surveyors).

G Steel (Broughton Rutgers), G Whitehead (Broughton Rangers), J Evans (Swinton), F HAmpion (Widnes), W Briers (St [ideal), J WilliaLfl (Salford), J Fester (Old- ham), and J Taylor (Warrington), forwards.

Fossil)les.—R Thomas (o,dham), back; R Duck (Broughton Rangers), 0 Badger (Swinton), 1) Traynor (St. Helens), and J Altham (Morecambe), three- quarsers ; G Messenger (Brougnt)n itan4ers) and J Lawton (Oldham), half backs ; 0 Heslop (Widnes), J Worthington (Tylciesley), T Worthington (Swinton), P Taylor (Leigh), W Lazenby (Broughton Rangers). J , Brown (Wigan), J Johnson (Swinton), and J Rhapps (Saltord), forwards. Reserves-1' Foulkes (St. Helens), back ; A. Barrett (Broughton Rangers), W Rispan (Widnes), and J Hoskins (Salford), three-quarters ; W Pearson (Swinton) and B Griffitns (Salford), nalf backs ; T G Moffatt and J Lees (Olduam), T Clementson (Broughton Bulger), J Naylor (Warrington), and T Simpson (St: Helens), forwards.

I understand that there i 3 every probability of Barber turning out to Warrington, against Al irecamos next Sa.turday. lis knee is now nearly ai strong as ever,and every football entausiast in Warrington will wish Wet the injured limb shill sac)w ui sigu of treachery in the future. Nothing could be more welcome than Barber's re-appearance in the team.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEST OF FOLLY BaooK SYPHON._

Mr. W. Henry Hunter engineer to tne Manchester Ship Canal Company wrote as follows with reference to the Fully Brook Syphon :—I have yours of yesterday's date with copy of communication from the surveyor enclosed therein. ks a matter of fact ever since the alterations referred to by Mr. Diggle were carried out, masses of sand with which they were not previously troubled have been carried down into the syphon. I think it would be well in order to arrive at some agree- menc as to the facts if your Surveyor were to meet Mr. Congreve the resident engineer of the ground. I will be obliged if you will instruct Mr. Diggle to do this com- municating with him direct as to the time of sueh meet- ing. Mr. Diggle stated that since he had had an interview with Mr. Congreue last Tuesday and they had agreed that there must be some mistake, and that the stud got in evidently from somewhere else, so teat the matter was at an end so far as the Council were concerned.

MOORE SEWERAGE MATTERS. The Committee who bad had under consideration the question of the sewage disposal from houses belonging to Miss Miller and others in the township of Moore went over the ground and visited the existing sewer oa the 23rd inst. They decided "that such sewer,if cleaned out from time to time as may be necessary, is sufficient for present requirements, but if Mr. Gandy would like to fill up the existing ditch-sewer and divert the sewage across the adjoining field the committee see no objection to his being allowed to do SO, provided he makes the neceasary arrangements with the Manchestee Ship Canal Ceinpany and puts in a pipe sewer sufficiently large to take the water and sewage whirh is now pro- vided for by the ditch-sewer, and takes upon himself all responsibility for the diversion. The committee'e report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Darlington, seconded by Mr. Gleave. THE PEOPOSED ISOLATION HOSPITAL. Mr. J. Mosley Williams repert ed on benalf of the Court, who had had under consideration the question of the provision of an Isolation Hospital in the Fro dsham District, and said they found a hospital with 10 beds could be erected for £3,500. Before going any further I in the negotiations they considere I it necessary for them ' to come to some conclusion, as to whether they would be juatified in spending that atneuet of money. For that sum the committee felt that the nospital could be built. They would furnish the details at a subsequent meeting, but in the meantime they would have to decide as to wnether they were prepared to go to that ex- pense. Mr. C. E. Linaker said it appeared to him that the 4 site suggested, although favourable, in some respect WAS open to objection in others. Tne Local Government Board had intimated on a previous occasion that such hospitals should be built about a mile away from any dwelling-house. He believed a site was offered in Frod- sham, which was considered to be, by many people, a suitable one. Dr. Adams told them on Saturday that he did not think that the Local Government Board would sanction that site, as it WAS within about 500 yards of a dwelling-house. If that building would be so objection- able, he theught it would be unfair to plant down an infectious hospital amid some of the best building land IR Frodsham if a road was opened out. Personally he was not so sweet upon the hospital question, especially if it was to cost sore e £3,500. The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE. Mr. T. Wright submitted the report of the Finance Committee, which was unanhnously adspted.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Dutton W nkhouse, on Tuesday, Mr. J. Mosley Williams presiding. There were also present—Messrs. A. R. Norman, S. Taylor, T. Lea, Dr. Gastaldi ; the members of the District Contrail, with Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk.)

===== 0002601_18980930_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOLISE.

The Master's Jenrnal snowed that the number of per- sons in the House last Board day yeas 160 ; admitted since, 7; discharged, 3 ; deaths, 1 ; number remaining, 163. The number of vagrants relieved during the fort- night was 27. • - • --

===== 0002601_18980930_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
VISIT TO PANTLSAPH.

Mr. T. Wright submitted the report of the ClamMee which visited Pantaiaph Orphanage. They were pleased with their visit. They found the children who were from Runcorn, quite happy and they did not wish to come baek. There was a very nice farm there, and thy had a number of cows which provided them with all their milk. They also grew all tneir vegetables. He found the lady superior was the nicest lady he had ever , seen (laughter.) There were about 40 s;sters who all ' came t 3 assist in the work, which they did for nothing. And some of the young ladies were the prettiest he had ever seen. (laereaved daughter.) On the whole they were pleased with Chair viait, which he assured them would be quite a treat to those who had not been there, when it came to their turn. Satisfaction at the report was expressed by Mr. Dar. lingten and Mr. Woodward. FINANCE.

Mr. Woodward reported that the balance in hand was £1,844 69 51 ; cheques required that day £478 63 51 ; leaving a balance of £1,338. —The treasurer's balance was £1,847 83 11d.—Mr. Woodward further reported that the parishes of Aston Grange, Clifton, Grappen hell, Frodsham, Halton, and Kingsley had not paid their call.—After some discussien it was decided that the clerk write to the defaulting parishes requesting payment forthwith.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTRACTS FOR THE ENSUING HALF YEAR.

The following contracts for the supply of the Dutton Workhouse with provisions, etc., were acc.pted for the forthcoming half-year :—Butcher's meat, Georgs Bow- cock, Warrington ; groceries, E. Gregory, Runcorn : coal, R. Evans and Co., Wigan ; coke, Prodsham Gas Ca.. clothing, Percy Wright, Halton ; drapery, T. Jackson Lee, Warrington ; drugs, J. H. Weston, Runcorn ; straw, Daniel Basnett, Preston Brook ; boots arid boot mending. Joseph Bazley; coffins, Jahn Barrow; Halton ; carting for the Workhouse, W. Grounds, Dutton; conveyances, T Booth and Son,Runcorn.

TELE NEW VACCINATION ACT.

A letter was read from the Local Government Board stating that in consequence of the new Vaccination Act the Use of stations at which public vaccination has hitherto been performed will be discontinue I at the end of this year except in tho3e cases,where under Section 7 of the Act the Board deem it expedient " by reason of serious risk of outbreak of small-pax or of other excep- tional circumstances "to require the Guardians to pro- vide vaccination stations. A table of pauperism in the Counties of Cheshire and Lancashire compiled from official returns was presented by Mr. H. Jenner-Fast. gener..l inspector. There was a considerable increase shown.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
'NO PUBLICAN NEED APPLY."

Some discussion was indulged in over the application for a young girl, aged 11 years, to go to a lady appli- cant—who expressed a wish to adopt the girl. The ap- plicant appeared before the c ommittee prior to the Board meeting. During the discussion, however, it transpired that the lady was the proprietress of a public-house.and as several of the Guardians expressed themselves of the opinion that no girl should be allowed t ) go to public- hous4s, the applicantion was refused.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RIINCOIVSr A.DJOURNED A.NNUAL

LICENSING SESSIONS.

LAPSE OF A BEER LICENSE.

The aejourned annual Licensing Sessions for Runcorn were resumed at the Runcorn Police Court, on Mond iy, the magistrates present being :—Messrs. James Elandley (presiding), P. Speakman, A. R. Norman, Samuel Taylor, W. Timmins, and John Ocklesto3. —The only business before the Bench was the further hearing of the question of the renewal of a beer-house license, held by Mr. Robert Waring, for premises in High-street, which was opposed at the last hearing by Mr. Harry Bak3r, Moughland-lane.—The circum- stances of the case were brought before the memory of the Bench by Superintendent O'kell.—As there was no applicant, however, the Bench adjudicated that the license lapsed—Mr. Roberts, so!icitor, Warrington,and Mr. Baker appeared to oppose the license bat were not called upon to produce any evid:nce.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

CENTRAL WARD VACANCY. UNOPPOSED RETURN OF MR. REYNOLDS.

Although three candidates entered the field for the honour of representing Central Ward on the Board of Guardians at Dutton, as was expected, one of them secured a seat without opposition. At first it was gener- ally considered that the vicar (the Rev. Canon W ood) would sit, but it is evident that he felt justified in retir- ing, as the duties of Guardian, if diseharged with his usual conscientiousness, would only mean increased tax- ation upon fully taxed time. Mr. W. Handley, who is the other retiring candidate, leaving the field open to Mr. T. Reynolds, Norman-road, does so with his usual consideration for the ratepayers, and thus eaves the ward from the expense of an election:—of Mr. Thomas Reynolds, who is now the Guardian for the ward, it may be said that as an owner of property he has an ex- tensive interest as a ratepayer of Runcorn, and will un- doubtedly, look after the Interests of his fellow-rate- payers ; because they will to an extent, be identical with his own. This will be his first essay at public office, and judging from his personal abilities, he is likely to prove a trustworthy and painstaking public servant. —The last day for receiving withdrawals was Monday noon, but the retiring officer was acquainted with the candidates' intentions a little bore the final hour.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GA.NIES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Defeat has attended Warrington's first excursion to foreign soil, and defeat of the decisive nature of 9 points to nothing. Out of fuur matches W ,rriegtan have ben twice " oiled," and on each occasion their opponents have registered a trio of tries. The coincidence may ba curious out it is no: pleasing. La all probability a simi- lar result will follow the encounter with Salfard at New ' Barns, today. Warrington have bean for some time shocking performers beyond the limits of their own enclosure—and perhaps I might say within as well—but they do occasionally win at home, where ie away vict sry returns with them but twice or thrice a year. Widnes was one of the teanas t) be defeated away by War- rington last season, and no 029 was tilln surprised than the winners. Oa Saturday they avenged the insult and gave Warrington a fairly severe drubbing.

Widnes and. Morecambe are Gaya of the pleasantest places the Warringt en team visits during the season's • football—the air of each is so invigorating and restful. Of the two, I think Widnes can claim the laurelewreath for the restfulness of its air. It has been re aorde I that in Widnes, all tie " Tired Titns " have to do for a rest is to carve out a cube of the bes,l atmosphere handy and sit upon it. Pneumatic cushions are pleasant luxuries, bat nothing in comparison with the Widnes air cushions. We learn too that the footballers of the chemical town have been carefully taught the advantages to be de• rived from the thick atmosphere. Wilma feeling " jiggered " they jus; reline r eitfully against the surrounding air and banefil therefrom to a surprising extent. °flier teams have tried the same trick oil, but not being versed in the mystriee of it,they have come a a cropper.

In the vicinity of Lowerhouse Lane there was just suffizient breel3 to disperse the chemical vapours, and "Old Sol" was visible up above. In the t span be was still visiole, but his identity was doubtf sl. From th s heights of the station he looked very muco like a de- crepit Chinese lantern in a fig. Bus Widnes peaple dsn't notice these things, they are so used to them ! Tours were about 4,000 Widoesians on the ground, and anex- tra 1000, or thereabouts, of Warrington folk, all hopeful but destined to be disappointed.

The game itself was not a vary eiifyin; exhibition of football. There wae too mash kick, end rush, and scramble about it. Widnes Were the best teem certainly, and looked like winners all througn. Bu: i,:. was only in the forwards, ani at full back,tnat they triamphecl over Warrington. To Widnes front rank is a grand °flexed though the Warrington eight are not by any meani a poor lot, they were both over-waigat Id and oat-paced by their opponents.

Up to half-time there was little to choose between tie teams. Play was of a very stubborn character, and the ball was kept on the move from oao end ot the field t) the other. It was oftener in the VVarringeen half, and when there it was no easy thing for the visit ire to stem the tide rushing against them Half-tirne had nearly arrived before.anv score was registered, and the a P a.- cock,taking advantage of MormS being nceneetarily out of his place, skippe i over. The second half was a little mere sensational. Only two or thre3 movements had followed the kick-off, b'fore the ball was charged down, kicked past Boscow, and rushed over by Heslop. This reverse effectually put the damper on Warrington's hopes of equalising,and their attempts at aggression were only half hearted. Misfortune for Warrington had not ceded ne by Travis. N 3 Wide forwards however, and pear Boacem was again at fault. After securing the oval near his. line, he somehow let it escape s panoucincetd upwooon t, r three y thirteen-stone n-gstalned goals were kicked from aray.of the tries, and when h os- tidties had concluded, Warrington were in a minor' ty of 9 points.

judge 1, and nearly alwavS One of the features of the game vras the contrast bs- twsen the nlay of the two full backs. B ttey Waved a splendid game for the winners. is ktekinT was ex- zr form. bI enaet;ne r. gcaenaleindglaYloptoowfergfruoluanndd, wwowehvaliellsmeinf,,onvrtsefi.ryealdai:gwhthme,baillid, erduti-, anything like is never ning, and tackling, he could not bps. tsßiisichl7inimlltsehldoeweselivnnetrrhaailsryenl'asy catches, it will be seen that like the steadin-ss be was of Hale servics to his team. Two of the tries were gifts to Widnes, and would not have bcen gained uhasudaßilovs enough, but still he can be relied upon quite fast , ,as a rule, in a tight corner. On Saturday ha could not,and this waak- OEM at full back contributed largely to Warrington's rather severs defeat.

dim; the ball. The The two best men on the Warrington s'il) wore Isher- prominent as astual; Ashurst made a wood and Duckworth. E tch played a safe defensive - gwaamsen,oatngdupituet isno a num.ber of smart runs. ~ Smack kveicrky forwards were all about on a par, and did their best. sgdowodelil, m apt:. de s swi o 3ng osnmtahret i rni thi ca ns ..R e worked bard. Atter Hatey, the men who rsndered the best service among the Widnes backs wer s Rispan, P.Acock and Douglas. Hampson, Hesloo, and Aspey were ever to the fore in the ranks of the forwards, whp shlwe i every bit as much vigour as last seism. Footb3.ll—soieotifto t football—was at a discount through)ut the match.

In the other niatcheg olsyea 13,5 .Baturrlayi Oldham easily accounted for Runcorn, winning' by no less tian 27 points to 3. Salford ware performing at Tyldeiley where they proved to.o clever for the" Bongsmen," and returned home victorious by 11 points to nil. At Brough- toe the Rangers, who appearto have a very powerful team, simply swamped Leigh, as a scori of 1 goal, 9 trim, (29 points) plainly shows. Rochdale Hornets extrac- tod two points from Stockport on the Edzely Park ground, and S. Helens M managed to defeat the oreambe men at the seaside. Wigan and Swinton foullat out a hard game at Wigan. The " Blues" just managed to win by a goal and a try to a goal.

On Monday evening Brougqton Rangers and stlmkport met on the latter's ground. The Rangers were irresistible and consigne.d unfortunate Stockport to the bottom of the table by a score of 28 points to nil.

The following table shows the plsition of the clubs in the Lancashire League, and the results of matches up to date : ROT. against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P P, widnes Broughton Rang 4... 4... 0... 0...11 21— 86 1 1_ 8... 8 Oldhsel Salford Swinton ...••• 4... 3... 0... 1... 3 11... 39 ~ 2 1— 7... 7 Rochdale Hornets 2... 2... 0... 0... 4 2 14... 0 1— 3... 4 Warrington Leigh 4. 1... 3... 0... 6 8— 36... 4 14-- 51... 2 St. Helens Tydlealey Runcorn Wigan - 2 1— 7... 8 6 34... 0 Morecambe Stockport 8... 0... 5... 0.- 1 2 8...13 18— 80... 0

On Saturday for the first tune this season the War- rington football public had a convonient opport mity of criticising the" A " team rspresentatives, the previous games ;lasing been away. The match in question was with the second team of Widees. Ma home team created a favour able impression. The passing generally speak- ing was good ; on one or two occasions tho b all passed frona man to man the length of the line,though the com• bination was not always fin,shed in good stye. Pendia- bury who played on the wing as a reservo, was rather a I surprise to many. His dishing style of play, very con• sidertably affected the result. Pendlebary's first sprint with the ball along the touch ling only result° lin his being marked by the Visitors. His second attempt—a splendid run—wee successful, and his play should in futuro receive more attention. Hallam played a sound, safe g,anao. The local team had the hest of the game throughout, and the Widnes fifteen were undeniably beaten on their merits.

Warrington St. Mary's thoroughly deserved their vic- tory over Latchford Ringer; on Saturday. Altho igh the margin was only f 3ur points to nil, th" S. Mary's team was by far the better or the two. This may be accounted for by the fact that the Rangers played a number of new men and have not yet been able to get into their true form. Toe honours of the match must le awarded to Burton who was responsib'e for the four points scored. By dropping ,two magnificent goals he demonstrated beyond doubt tut- he has not lost the art of being able to place the ball between the uprights when occasion demands. His play as a centre three- quarter was a treat to witness and there was no lack of dash and go in his running. He was the" marked " man of the afternoon, and but for the strict vigilance and determined tackling of the Rangers, he would have augmented the score. He 13 ceriainlp showing a thAtinct return to his old form, and those who saw him three seasons ago will know what that means. If he main- tains it he cannot be allowed to remain within the shades of junior football. .The question now is when will Batten be seen again In the Warrington cilour; ? I have a good re is -in for stating that the time is net fir distant. Burton really stands on the Wigan register, hut there is no reason for anticipating any difficulty on that score " Charlie " can rely on a warm welcome from the Warrington crowd when he turns out again. If he and Birber cluld only mike their re-appearance simultaneously, the occasion would be a bright one in the hlst cry uf the club.

The Warrington Committee have bean awarded for their enterprise in ground improvements at last. On Wednesday the trial match, Probabl3s v. Possibles, for the selection of the county team will ba played at War- rington. The teams were chosen on Tae3day evening, and are as follows.

PROBABLES.—R Batey (Widnes), back; H Chapman (Rroug,hton Rangers), S Leea (Oldham), J Valentine (Swinton), and T Martin (Oldham), three-quarters ; J T Bate (Warrington) and A Lees (Oldham), half backs;

===== 0002601_18980930_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF A NEW CEHETERY AT WIDNES.

The now cemetery provided by the Corporation of Widnes for that borough was formally opened on Tuesday afternoon by the M vor (Alderman J. W. Wareing), in the presence of the members of the Corporation, the public officials, and a large number of the public. The Mayor was accompanied 1)7 the Mayoress and the Misses Wareing. Among those present were Aldermen S. Sadler, J.P., Williamson, W. W. Gossage. J.P., and S. Quinn ; Councillors T. Sbuttleworth, W. Norrie, J. Mid- wood, S. Owens, J. Carroll, T. Carney, and T. Smith ; Messrs. J. S. Sinclair (borough surveyor and architect of the cemetery), T. °calk (deputy town clerk), &c..— Alderman Williamson, chairman or the Cemetery Com- mittee, on behalf cf the committee and the Council,asked the Mayor to open the gate oF the cemetery, and also presented his Worship with a handsome gold key. As rain had commenced te fall he did not offer any further reraarka ; and the Mayor was equally brief, simply ex- pressing the extrame gratification it afforded nun to perform that intevasting cerernoriy.—A tour of inspec- tion was then made of the cometery,wpich is situated at Moss Brook,Parnworth. . _

The necei'sit? of providing a public cemetery for the borough was first bfought under public notice in 1893, whea a committee V 734 appointed to report to the coun- cil on the subject. Tne committee ascertained that the Widnes Parish and the Mom an Catholic graveyards were almost full, and the council endorsed the finding of the committee by deciding that a public cemetery was accessary. It was resolved to purchase the MOS3Brook estate, consisting of 49 acre3,at a cost of £s,ooo,and the b irough surveyor (Mr. J. S. S nclair) was insirucite i to prepare the necessary plans for laying Oct 15 acres of the estate, and the constriction of three chapels. The cemetery has been divided into three rentions of almost equal proportion3.—Church of England, Nonconformists, and Roman Catholic. Ime three chapels are in the 13th century Gothic styie,constructed to suit modern require- ments. The Roman Catholic chapel stands by itself,and the Church of England and Nmconformists chapels are , combined, being joine I together by a handsome belfry spire. Etch cnapel has accommodatian for 60 persons, I and the arrangements are admirable in every respect. Entrance Co the cemetery is gained through an imposing Gothic arch, at the junction of Derby and Hirchfield roads. The erection of the chapels, registrar's lodge, an 1 th 3 entrance gate was carried out by Mr. Thomas Sadler, Widnes, and the whole of the work was designed by the borough surveyor. The cost of the ' buildings was £5,480 the lan.] £5,000, and altogether the cemet CiS5 about 213.030.—After the inspection the party returned to the 'Pawn Hall, where luncheon I was partaken of. Toe question of consecrating the Church of England potion of the cemetery his not yet been settled. The Free Church Culei!, on behalf of the N meonf has strongly opposed consecreation ; and the Uaited Church Councils of Widnes, Farnworth, arid Sli.Ambros parishes have decided to petition the council in favour of consacration.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FORTHCONIING ART EXHIBITION

AT WARRINGTON.

FURTHER PARTICULARS.

In Page 3 we referred to the arrangements which were in progress for holding an art exhibition in the Gymnasium and Pa^r Hall, commencing coo 0 etober 10th, in celehr ition of the Jubilee year of the Museum and Art Gallery at Warrington. 'Men- tion was made of a number of first-class pictures which had been promised to the Art Exhibition Committee, of which Councillor Woods is chairman. Further promises of pictures have since been re- ceived. and the following must be added to the list already published. The Oldiatm Cornoration and the Walk ut Art Gallery Committee of the Ctty of Liyetpool have each promised tw pictures from their collections. , Messrs. Agnew and Sons, ar-, dt-a!ers, of Manche;ter ' will supply a magnificent collection of pictures by the foremost att'sts of the day includinz " A Fin F arm " by R. W. Macbeth. AR. A., "Jamaica "by Eliq Long, " The Student by Val PAnsep, R.A., Tae Letter" by George D, Leslie, R.A. Mr. W. H. Lever, of Sunlight Soap famo, in addition Ito those he has already Premised will also contribute two pictures by Henry Woods, R.A. Mr. R. A. Naylor will send samples from hie valuable collection, including works by the f Alowing well-known artists of the pest :—Sir Thomas Lawrence (oast pre dent of the Royal Academy),Rephael, Gerard de Laresse, Paul Brit, John Martin, John Haynes Williams, R aphael- mengS, and the well-known picture of Tim Bobbin, the Lancashire poet,painted by Tim Bobbin, himself. Mr. W. D. Houghton, of Warringt)n,noiv residinr at Colwyn Bay, who is a noted collector of plilletingi will lend to the exhibition "A. scene in the Isle of Arnie by McWhirtor, R.A. ; " The Bouquet" by Eugene De Blaas ; " The Day's Work Ended" by Falkenberg ; "The Fruit Seller " by Eugene Do Blass ; " A Visit to Jack " by Hamilton McCollum. The President of th 3 Royal Cambrian Association (M-. H. Clarence Whets) intmde sending his latest picture " A Cambrian Shepherd Boy "(water colour). Mr. H. E J. Brownl of Kensington, promises his pic- ture" A Song of Lava." Mr. Jest° Haworth, of Bowdon will contribute to the exhibition Briton Rivierie's wall-known picture " His only Friend." _ _ _

Mr. Joseph Jones, of Stroud, a name familiar to many Warrineetonians as being a relative of the late Mr. Thomas Jenee, is sending " A Suff LAndglape "by Constable ; The Morning Gun at Margate "by Sir Augustine Celeett ; and halfda-dozen pictures by Jew; Smetharn entitled " Fria- Tuck," 18 Naboth's Vineyard.' " A Dream," " The Chickweed Man," " Othello " and Corydon and Phylli.e." Mr. Jones also intends sending his collection of genuine wit nt colours by Copley Field- ing, De Wynt,William Hunt, George Fripp, John Varier Doieson, Whittaker, and Soaper. Mr. R daten J. Cherle9.. of Warringten, is lending a Series of pictures of .celhee, setters, foxhounds, and mare and foal by Basil Bradley. Mr. Itleer Falls, of . St. Martins. Guernsey, a well- known artist, has proini.sed a new gallery picture to- gether with one of his pictures exhibited last year at Whitworth Park, and else one exhibited at the Diamond Jubilee Art Exhibition at Cheltenham. Councillor Weeds will exhibit " The Lion Wallis " (born on tht Old Faireroond, Wa,r nron), painted by William Hoging, and also the seascape " Prlcart Bay, Guernsey"' by Roger Falls, exhibited in the new gallery, Colonel Wham 11. Walker, will lend Adrian Jones' picture of the Colonel'a race-horse " The Soarer," the winner of the Grand National. Mr. Talbot Hughes, of Glouceeter Mansions, London, i 3 send•, will contribute an oil naintine " Memory." Mr. Chv lea Reynelda. elf Overton, Frodshaml ine a fi tA example of Deuglas Adatn's work called " Grouse Moor," and also " Adam and Eve's corner at Venice "by Logsdail, which hai been exhibited in the New Gallery. Mr. William Arthur Teplie, who ie.a net r el slroca, painter, has premised to send his " Fairy Grotto " and "Nature's Architect," both of which have been exhibited in the R iyal Academy. The eehibition will be supplemented by a aeries of promenade concerts which will be held each day from 3 to 5 and from 730 to 10 p.m. in the Parr Hall. First- cies; artiste; have been engaged including "The Probyn Ladies Orchsstra." The intervening space between Parr Hall and the Gemnesium will be covered be a 12 feet wide corridor. and will be lighted by electricity. The prices of admission have been determined upon,and they are most reasonable. Season tickets for the exhibition and cencerts,which will be open three weeks are 2.3. 61. each and are not transferable. These tickets can be ob- tained from to-Jay (Saturday) at the Rate 011ie's, Bank House. The special season tickets for School of Art stuiente will be issued at the same time and the charge will be Is. 61. For single admission the price will be : first week, from 2to 6 p.m., is., 6 to 10 p.m., 61.; second week. 6d. in the afternoOn and 31. at night. Speclal arrangements are under consideration for school children. For the second week's concerts, Mr. W. H. Payton, MM. Bee., has been cornmieeioned to provide the enter- tainments both afternoon and evening, and as far as possible local talent will be requisitioned. Tee Art Exhibition Committee are in communication with three or four eminent gentlemen to perform the opening ceremony. The Committee desired to have Mr. Filly; but unfortunately he is away in the North of Scotland and will not be back until the end of October. The Mayor and Corporation will be present at the opening function, and invitations have beeen sent to those who are loaning their pictures tei the exhibition.

HARVEST FESTIVALS.

RUNCORN PARISH CHFRCEI.

On Thursday evening this sacred edifice Was thronged with a largo congregation, ths occasion being the open- ing service of ail harvest festival. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev. H. C. A. Back, M.A., (vicar of Rostherne). The church had been profusely decorated, and the musical portion of the service was accounted for with the choir's accustomeJ ability. MILL BROW, RUNCORN. _ - - -

At the Harvest Home Services held a.'; this place of worship on Sunday evening, the sermon was preached by Mr. Jarnee Wilding. The building was fittingly decorated, and special music was given by the choir. PRIMITIVE METHODISM RUNCORN.

The Asbridge-street Primitive Methodist, celebrated their annual harvest home services on Sunday last.when the pulpit was occupied afternoon and evening by Mr. Cox, St. Helens, who delivered capital disaourses. The choir contributed with credit special harvest hymns and pisles, which were muca appreriatsd by the large con- gregations that were attracted there. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, WESTON. - - •

Harvest thanksgivieg services Were held in the above Church, on Thursday, and continued on Sunday last, when the Rev. W, H. Stables preached in the morning, and the Rev. C. McKee in the eveaing to crowded con- gregations. Spec:al music was rendered by the choir ; and the church was be tutifully decorated for the occa- sion, with wheat, flowers, leaves etc. The chancel was especially pretty. ST. AMBROSE CHURCH, WIDNES.

In codne3thri who the S. Ambrose Church: harvest thanksgiving services were held on Sunday. In the morning the Rev. Gibson Elmvning, of Liverpool, occupied the pulpit, and in the evening the preacher was the Rev. E. E. Chamberlain, of Elicit:rill. The congregations at hot,' services wer 3 good. Special harvest anthems were rendered in a creditable manner by the choir.

HAVE YOE TRIED ... MARVELLOUS TOBACCOS.

" SENSATION FLAKE,"

4d. pit Ounce, in tins only. " FORRMOST FLAKE,"

3d. per Ounce, in tine only. "BRITISH PRIDB NAVY CUT," 4d. per Ounce, in tine only.

Do not be put off with " Something as good." Insist OA having what you ask for. If any difloulty in procuring these Tobaccos. kindly a post-card to THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHI TOBACCO MANUFACTURING CO.. LIMITED.

PIINTRIDGB MILLS, BURNLBY.

PIGTAIL AND IRISH ROLL A SPECIALITY.

LATEST NEWS. DEATH OF THE QUEEN OF DENMARK..

COPENHAGEN. THUESDLY.

The Queen of Denmark died at half past five this morning. Her Majesty passed away peacetu'ly. At her bedside were the King, the Dowager-Empress of Russia, the King and Queen of Greece, the Princess of Wales,the Duke and Duchess ef Cumberland, the Crown Prince and Princess of Denmark, Prince and Princess Waidemar of Denmark, the Crown Prince and Princess of Greece, Prince and Princess Charles of Denmark and several of the younger members of the Royal Family. Early this morning Her Majesty's decease was known in Copenhagen. The papers brought out extra (editions, all,even the most Radical publishing highly sympathetic articles. Everywhere flags ale at half mast. The Queen died not from any special illness, but of increasing decrepitude.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CEIURCEL WIDNE3.

: On Sunday services were held, in connection with St. Paul's Church to celebrate the harvest festival. Tne various parts of the building were mo3t tastefully adorned with flowers and fru t. In the morning the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. C. R. Killick, M.A., of Runcorn. In the afternoon a children's service was conducted by the Rev. J. Adams. At the evening service the church was picked, fully 1,200 being present. The service was very finels, rendered. The Rev. W. Hodgson read the prayers, and Mr. Newberry the lessons. Upon this occasion

The Rev. W. Hodgson, Vicar of Widnes, preached his farewell sermon. He remarked that however much he might value it, he must not seek their praise or blame. He knew he had been guilty of sins of omission and com- mission. Be would say this, he had tried to do his duty day by day, and from morning to night. A steward must be fai:hful—he had tried to be—but in many ways he had failed. The Vicar of Widnes has an appaling task. He is supeosed to shepherd a parish of 19,000 people, and carry on the district work of two parishes. Either S. Mary's or St. Paul's would of itself tax the energies of an ordinary man. Every year the work gets heavie ,as the town gets poorer. From the first thing in the morning to the last thing at night, he had given himself to his work, but he had never been able to do it as he himself would have liked, let alone as his Master expected. Special harvest anthems and music were sung by the choir, the whole service being of a most im- lpre.ssive character. The offertory was greater than had ever been taken at an evening service. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, PRESTON BROOK.

A bary.st thanksgiving was observed at this place of worship on Sunday, when the specill preacher was the 11,1 v. W. Fidori, of Runcorn. The music by the choir and the decor tion of the chapel spoke much for the abilitV an i good taste of all concerned. The collections realisei £5.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
CAIRO•STREET CFIAPEL. WARRINGTON. _ .

On Sunday, at this place of worship the annual ser- vices of thankegiving for the safe ingathering of the harkest were lrld. The pulpit, morning and evening, I was oecupied by thy Rev. W. H. Drummond, B.A. The ;acred e lifice hid been tastefully decorated and reflected considerable credit upon the willing workers. The flowers and cereals were tastefully arranged, and the I texts on the window lodges, in c tton wool on a red background, had a pleasing effect. There was a large congregation in the evening, when suitable hymns were sung. T,e choir gave an admirable interpretation of the anthem. "Sing unto the Lord and praise His name." Mr. Mair presided at the organ. The preacher took for his text the words " What shall I renter unto the Lord for all His benefits towards me ?" After a rererence to the circumstanc 's under which the text WAS written, the, pr3schsr obsArvod that some people never seemed to be contented and thankful, but wens full of the spirit of complaint. Thy never asked the question "What shall I r slider unto the Len 1?" The contrast was given, and the prearh alluded to thosa who did appreciate the go daP9S of God. Many a man was willing enough to give SITIall things to the ser vice of Gad. He would give his manes", and lavish some portion of his fortune upon g sod octs. He would, perhaps, give his time and a limited amount of his thought ; hut he always drew hack whon God asked for the full gift of himself. g,ft that WAS offer •cl to God was worthy of His accoptance unl ies it had in it the gift of themselves,and that meant that in all their giving of outward things. in all their service, whether in public or private, there ITUISt be the spirt of unselfishness. BOLD STREE C WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The Tlarvesu thankseiving rvices were held in the ablve place of worship on Sanday. The church was decorate] w'th much t aste and special music was ren- dered at both twrvices The congregations were very large ; the collections hen g in aid of the Church circuit fund. Tie orlache,. was the Rev. 11. G. Rublrts M.A., at both serviees. In the morning before the 92nd Psalm was read for the Ist lesson, the preacher said they were zathered there to express very grateful recognition of the divine g)odness shown in the fruitful and well con- ditioned harvest which had been so freely and graciously favour sei to them this year. It was a very right and proper thing that they should do that, as they were So pa/adept upon mystic forces, and causes so vartoll4 Seni remote, as to be beyond the pro- found erudition of their greatest teachers. The psalmist in the lesson save" it If a thing to give thus unto the Lor I." It was a grand thing 7hen man had that beautiful delicacy, or tendee 'delicacy e Ong, that enabled him to apnreciate the blessing and to recOg:!!'e its sources. Thanksgiving quickened the spiritual per- ceptions and enlarged the spiritual capacity. The psalmist, pressed behind the hard and bare facts of human life, and pierced by faith the mat.rial curtain of

the --mystic universe, ad despite the Misteries and anearent contradictions in the moral government of (3od, he digeemed and realizod God. The preacher's sermons for the day were based upon the paraduces of nature and revelation. Tel the morning taking for his text 11. C)r., 4 chap. 6v., " Light out of darkness," he he said the lat est findings of science were c ilateal secueities for truth that there is a world of snitit, Go VA brightest and greatest revelatloe streamed forth and nut of the darkness of its awtut mystery there shone into this world a lig.ht in- , cenceivsblv brighter than any other. In the °genin. taking for his test "Life through death " John 12. 24 verse, !he preacher showed that this was an exact state- ment of the deepest law of life ; the fundamental law Of self-sacrifice. He pressed home this truth showing that t.ere cou'd he no harvest, without death ; death being the con helen o' our spiri'm life in the nresent and the future. He made touching reference to the death of the Rev. James Lewis, of Solthnort, whose voice had many times been heard on the platform of Methodism and in that church. He pa.s,d away under circumstances awful in their suddeeness ; tragic ; strangely dramatic they might almost say. It seemed that they no sooner began to learn sorne'lhing, than their hands were paralo ire); their brein refused to welt and man was taken to his reward. The preacher closed with an appeal to the young, men to remember the principle of the funda- mental law of life and of self-sacrifice: asking and be- seeching them not to grow up to be careless, readingless , bankrupt in character, but possessors of God's grace. SHARP-STREET MISSION (PRIMITIVE METHODIST) WARRINGTON. The harvest thanksgiving services in connection with this institution were held last Sunday, and in every sense proved an unqualified success. 'Under the direc- tion of Mr. E. Wildman the Mission Hall had been taste- fully decorated and presented a very attractive appearance. The preacher was Mr. John Ellis of Mes- cal!, who delivered two powerful and effective discourses from the tJxts (morning) Psalm 1-3 " He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth fruit in his season," and (evenin.) Hosea 14-5. " I will be as the dew unto Israel, he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Labanon." In the afternoon an augmented choir, conducted by Mr. M. Butter- , field, rendered a service of song entitled " The Mission of the Roses" in a very commendable manner and the connective narrative- was eloquently read be Councillor W. Farness. During the evening service the choir sang the harvest anthem "The Prom'sed Land " (Fawcett). On Monday evening a fruit banquet was held when Messrs. W. H. Payton Mug. Bac. (aolo piano), A. Spruce (baritone), W. Critch- ley (tenor), Miss Bridge (soprano), and Messrs. Morton and Butterfie,d (reciters) were responsible for a most enjoyable entertainment. In the unavoidable absence of Councillor F. R. Roberts M.A. the chair was occupied by Mr. IV. Morton. All the meetings were largely attended, and the proceeds far in advance or those of previous years.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODS if

FRODSHAM F.C. V. CHESTER GARRISON.—PIayed at Prodsham, on the new ground, before a fair attendance of spectators. An interesting game resulted in a win for the Garrison by 4 goals to 2 gcals,although Frodsham had a good lead at liatf-titne.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
pir DfSASTER, IN GERNIANY.

TWENTY MEN KILLED. A terrible accident occurred on Wednesday at the Blumenthal coal mine, near Herne.

Whilst a gang of miners were being lowered down the shaft the rope sustaining, tUe cage brok!, and the men were precipitatA to tile bitLom of the shaft. Twenty were killed.

TWO COLLIERS KILLED IN WALES. An Exchange Company's Merthyr Tydvil telegram states that a cage accident occurred on Wednesday night at Llanbradach Colliery, Rhymney Valley. Two men were precipitatrd to the bottom of the shaft and killed. One man miraculously escaped by clinging to the frame, and twelve others escaped with a shaking. SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT OSWESTRY.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER curs HER CHILDREN'S THROATS.

Esrly yesterday morning Mrs. Scott, wife of Samuel Scott, labourer, Knocken, Oswestry, cut the throats of her four children. The woman was seen early in the morning by her sister, and shortly afterwards ran out shouting " I've done it, I've done for them." Two children are seriously injured. The womm and husband lived happily together,and there is nothing to account for the set, except that she has been depressed lately. THE NEW LORD MAYOR OF LONDON. At a meeting of the Liverymen and Aldermen of the City of London yesterday Sir John Voce Moore was ' unanimously elected ;Lord Mayor for the ensuing year. THE DISTRESS IN THE WEST INDIES. The Lord Mayor's Fund for the relief of the distress lu tie West Indies amountPd yesterday morning to £17,400,

-SERIOUS RAILWAY ACCIDENT NEAR BARNSLEY.

Early Fester lay morning a serious accident occurred on the Midland main line near Houghton Main, iarfield, causing groat dimaite and s riOus delay to passenger traffic. The accident was caused by bullocks straying on the line frltn an adjoinihg field. A goods train from Sheffield to Normanton caught abe ist, which threw many trucks off the line, fouling the up-line. A goods train coming in the opposite direction dashed into the obstruction, the engine being overturned. No one was soriously injured. WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION AT BOLTON, HEAVY DAMAGES.

At Bolton on We inesday, his Honour Judge Jones awarded, under the Workmen's Compensation Act, £250 damages t 3 a joiner named Edwin Belly, aged thirty-two who had hem diFahled whilst working on a scaffold for Messrs. Marsden, of Bolton St Saw Mills,who admit- ted liability. Plaintiff alleged that he complained that the scaffold on which he was working was unsafe, but his warning was not heeded. His Honour said that irk such a case he was bound to award heavy damages. THE CHINESE CRISIS. CRITICAL CONDITION OF THE EMPEROR.

It is reported from Canton that the British Consul there has been instructed to protect the family of the Chinese ref orm leader, Kang-lru-Wei, now en route to long Bong from shanghai. The Pekin correspondent of the " Times" says :—An Imperial edict regrets the increasing ill-health of the Emperor, and commands the Governors of all provinces to send the best physicians to Pekin, thus preparing the people in case his Majesty's illaess should be aggravated. The death of the Emperor would now affect the situa- tion, the succession being already provided for.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIRDAR AND RETIR,ENIENT.

The war correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" in Cairo says :—lt is stited on good authority that the Sirdar has resigned or intends retiring at once from the Egyptian Army. He regards his work as accomplished, and will return to England. It is believed that Major- General Hunter will succeed him as Sirdar. It is re- ported that Captain Marohand objected to the raising of the English and Egyptian flags at Fashoda, bet his pro- test was disregarded, although the Sirdar treated the French party courteously. Captain Marchand salt that opposition was hopeless. A small Egyptian garrison was subsequently left south at Sobat.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WOOLSTON MtSSION.—The members of the choir of Woolston Mission accompanied by the Rev. W. R. Hart- wright, Mr. and Mrs. Ryder, Mr. Charles Fairhurst and abobt 30 friends, had their annual trip on Monday last. The places selected this year were Liverpool and New Brighton. A most enjoyable day was spent, the party arri,;:ing safely in Woolston about 10. m. LartiXrtli L:CTURL—The other evening at Padgate scbools,Mr.George Rigby',Padgate-lane by the aid of his lantern exhibited views f" 30,9tiful places in Great Britain" and "A journey from Londoll to Yarmouth on the Great Eastern Railway." The deseriative pirtion was ably taken by Mr. Blackwell. The proceeds were devoted towards expenses incurred in connection with the evening continuation school. EVENING CONTINUATION CLASSES,—These classes which meet on Mondays and Tuesdays, resumed work this week for the winter months. The teachers engaged are Mr. and Mrs. Blackwell and Miss Turner. Among the subjects taken are arithmetic, drawing, history, shorthand, and domestic economy. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES : —Sunday being the 60th anniversary of the church's consecration, special ser- vices were held morning and evening. The preacher at the morning service was the Vicar (Rev. .1. J. Langham) who gave a resume of parochial and church work 111 his parish during the last 60 years. In the evening the sermon was preached by th 3 Rev. Canon Willis, Rector of Warrington. The off N.:ooes which amounted to nearly £lO were given to the Vicar for the pecuniary loss he sustained on the abolition of pew ;outs last year. DEATH OF AN OLD INHABITANT.—OLI Sunday after- noon after a brief illness, death removed a well known and respected figure from this Parish in the person of Mr. Henry Antrobus (of Padgate-lane) at the advanced age of 87 years. His remains were interred .in Padgate Churchyard, on Wednesday. The officiating clergyman, was the Rev. W. R. Hartwright.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SPIRITIIA.LISM.

On Sunday and Monday the meetings of the Spiritualist Society were addressed by Mr. E. Mark- le w. On Sunday afternoon the address was based upon the words "Condemn not," and in the evening he took for his subject" Nature's divine revelations.' The Monday evening's meeting was held in the Druids' Hall, and after replying to a question from the audience, Mr. Marklew gave several clairvoyant delineations. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPE.

An entertainment was given in the schoolroom on Monday evening in connection with the above, the chair being occupied by Councillor Bennett who delivered an address to the parents and children. The Rev. W. Potts also addressed the meeting. The programme was well selected. Miss Maud Davey gave a pianoforte solo in a manner which showed very careful training. A solo, " The Children's Home " by Miss Hettie Perkins was splendidly rendered ; also a solo, " The Gay Tomtit," by Miss E. Taylor, received an encore. Recitations were given by Miss E. Cross, Minnie Whitmore, and Mr. George Whitfield. The one by Mr. Whitfield, "The Factory Chimney," was delivered with pathos and power. Two mandoline solos by Miss Leek,of Fara- worth, Bolton, were highly appreciated. The chief item was a dialogue, entitled" The Flower Queen's Court,"the piece being taken by twelve girls dressed in white and weiriing. flowers to represent their parts. The Queen, Miss Maud Davey, was dressed in white and Wore a crown of beautiful white flowers, her train being carried by two little girls. Her representation of the Queen was perfection in every sense. All deserve equal praise for the man- ner in which they sustained their parts. The solos of the piece were sung by the Misses Emily Taylor, Gertrude Pucill,and Ada Smith. Mrs. F. Pendlebury again kiLdly acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ii I

===== 0002601_18980930_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of fitience is such art will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, white they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, Injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to re- move one class of disease, or suit some constitutioes, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is soma scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the preva- lent diseases of this country, which will be certain to de good when fairly tried,which will be equally adapted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the pro- fessional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand,the miner, and the roadside labourer.lt should be, too, such a preparation as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the *stronger constitu- ted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of !Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved,it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried,has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicice has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently benefi- cial, when other preparations at best only gave tempor- ary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache,Pains in the Side, Giddiness,Lose of Appetite,also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an Illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms, or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakemed by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease.lf you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excel- lent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles at 25.9 d. and 45.6 d. eacie,but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing, see the name, " Gwilym Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole proprietors; Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MA-GISTRA FES

ALLEM) THEFT OF a GINGEH-BEE/1 Box. At the Borough Police Court, on Friday morning, be- fore the Mayor and other magistrates, Aloysius Hughes, 25, Pinners-brow, was charged with stealing a ginger. beer box, the property of Ellen Hinds on the 17th September. Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Mr.A.Browne who appeared for the prosecutrix said the pastes lived together for about seven years at one time, and when defendant was ill for about six months, the prosecutrix nursed him through it, and he afterwards turned her out. Dr. Fox who owned the property in Mersey-street, then turned Hughes out and let prosecutrix have the shop. On the day in question his client sent two boys out for a dozen of ginger-beer,and passing Hughes' shop, he sailed them in and took the box from thorn saying it was his. The box was his client's. He had a witness who would prove making the box for her. There was no name on it and defendant had his name stamped on all his.—Ellen Hinds, 35, Mersey- street, bore out her salicitor's opening statement. Some three or four months ago she ordered some boxes to be made, and the box in question was the sample one. When she saw it she said she would not have the other twenty made.—Joseph Leigh, cooper, 45, Mersey-street, proved making a box as a sample.—Mrs. Wright said she was in Mrs. Hinds' shop on Saturday last when the boys were sent for the ginger teer.—Henry Carrington. 49, Wilderspool-road. said he with another boy named John Forster carried the box.—Mr. Hughes called them in kis shop as they passed and took the box off them and told them to tell Mrs. Hinds that if she bad any more of his boxes she would get into trouble. John Forster, cor- roborated and said the box Mr. Hughes took off them had no name on.—Hughes now said to the bench that he had several boxes stolen on Friday night during the firs. —John Atherton,witness for the defence, said defendant same into his shop with a box and told him to put it out of the way.—The Chairman said they thought the defendant had no intention of committing a felony but at the same time he did wrong to take the box. They would fine him in the costs, liimply 103.

ASSAULT IN ARPLET FIELDS. At the Warrmeton Borough Police Court on Saturday before Mr. T. Birch&ll, chairman, and Mr. R. T. Fair. dough. William bawraneon, Old-road, Latchford. was charged on a warrant with assaulting William Dean. Bank-street on Thursday afternoon. 22nd September.— Mr. A. Browne appeared for the prosecution and Mr. F. R. Roberts for the defence.—Mr. Browne in opening leis came said Dean was in the employ of Mr. William Owee, of Bank-street, who had some fields in Arpley. There was no other way to get to Mr. Owen'a field than to go along the river bank from the New-road and round the Twelve Arches. Mr. Owen had continually gone that way to the field. Dean and a man named Smith were going alone the oath on the day in question, when de- fendant said to them "where are you going." Dean replied "to our work." Defendant said " You will not go," but Dean said to Smith " come on." Defendant then jumped on hirn,and pinned him to the grounl and pommelled his head. Before Smith could get at them, another man came up and prevented him from interfer- ing. Dean had suffered terribly from the injuries since. —William Owen said there was no other road to the field than the one prosecutor was going. He owned the field and his predecessors always went that way.—By Mr. Roberta: He admitted having encroached on Mr. Lawrenson's land. They had not been told not ta cross the land.— Mr. Pairclough said he knew that portion of the land. It was a hauling path and there was a right to go into tbe next land.—Mr. Roberts stated there was a pro- vision under the Act of Parliament which said that magistrates had no jurisdiction in the case of a land question. He would show them that prosecutors crossed the lane.—Mr. Owen said he saw the prosecutor's head after the assault, and it was in a very bad state. The defendant came to him and said he would take his life if he Came out of the field.—William Dean said he was going to work at about 3 o'clock on trio day in question, with a man named Smith, when they were stopped by defendant wile, wanted to turn them back. Witnees would not go back and defendant sprang on him and knocked him to the ground where he butted his head and said" I will kill you ; I will choke you." He had suffered considerably from the injuries. Defendant did not tell them to go back because they were trespassing. John Smith gave corroborative evidence.—Mr. Roberts said they did not deny that an assault was committed. His client was subject to serious epileptic fits, and he semetimes had no control over himself. —Joseph Law- rence spoke as to his brother haying serious fits, and not being responsible f or his actions at times.—James Rourke, Matilda Lee, and Mary Hughes gave evidence in favour of the defendant but the magistrates con- sidered that a serious assault had taken place and fined desendant 10s. and costs. ALLEGED Timer AT WARRINGTON.—SDART CAPTURE IT WARRINGTON DETECTIVES. At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday before Mr. S. Chandlev (in the cheir)and Mr. Thomas Birchall,Thornas Lambert, Friars Green, was charged with stealing from the coach house in the Queens'Hotel yard on Monday,two carriage lamps the property of Mr. Edward Connor,value 20s.—Prisoner pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable s sjl in this case he would ask for a remand so teat inquile3 might be made into prieoner's charaelier, and in order that they might get to know the owner of some other property which had been traced to prisoners possessica. —Detective Superintendent Monaghan said he was on duty incompany with Detective Forster in Sankey-street on the day in question, and when opposite Mr. Young's, chemist's shop, saw the prisoner. He was carrying two carriage lamps, one in each hand. Prisoner noticed them watching him, and went up King-street. They followed him. He went into a shop, and put the lamps down in a dark corner. Witness asked him what he had done with the lampae' He said" I am taking them to Sam Bell's." Witness said " 1 have seen Samuel Bell, and he has his lamps.—Prisoner then said Sam Bell did not send him for them, and aided " You might give me * chance." They took him down to the polies station and Charged him. He then said "I took them and will etand the consequences." The prisoner was a hanger-on about stabe3 yards. Witness wished to find the owner for a livery coat prisoner had sold on Saturday—The prisoner t;ild the bench he was drunk and did not know what he was doing. _fie was remanded for a week. Tux THEFT OF A SOVEREIGN AT APPLETON. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday. before Mr. Long and other MU istrates. John Hughes, farm labourer of Appleton, was char eed on remand with ostealingJohn —e cobmepwlaeinnatntt o sbaeici d that and sovereign on the 19th Ssptembsr, the m Leigh, labourer of AppletoreTb an the 19th September after supper. prisoner, who lodged with him came in his room with a light and called him narnee. Witneee told him to go out of the room, but ho went to bed again and in about half an hour he came into the room again and Said "Are yau asleep ?" Witness did not answer, sni he saw prisoner at his pockets. Be afterwards got up and found a Sovereign was gone.—ln answer to prisoner, he admitted having been refused drink on the day in question.— James Wright iitated that prisoner had worked for him five or six weeks. Friday in Be got 15s per week, and on the question he paid him 103 in gold and the rest in silver.—P.C. Leonard, of the Warrington Borough Police, "nil that at 10-15 en the 20th September he arrested prisoner at Warrington Bridge and took him to the Police Statioa.g When charged with the theft he

OLDBURY'S COCO& is absolutely pure, beinz en?,iroly free from kola. malt, boos, alkali, or any foreign admixture Oustlon I The publle should Insist on hayncß CADERTRY'B —sold only In Packets and Pins—as other Cowls are of tea substituted for the sake of extra proftt.—Adut. (I).

===== 0002601_18980930_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
said he was innocent. The county police were com- municated with, and in the meantime prisoner tried to hide the sovereign behind 601R9 h3ating pipes in the Parade Room.—Prisener denied having stolen the sovereign. He said the prosecutor was of intemperate habits and charged his last lodger with stealing some- thing from the house.—The Chairman said they would take a lenient view of th 3 case, and bind prisoner over to come up for judgment when required. TIUNT BY WARRINGTON MeN.—A. RESOURCICFLIL CAR

===== 0002601_18980930_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPRIZTOS.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Wednes- day before Mr. R. T. Fairclough (in the chair) and other magistrates, James Barrow, Thomas Barrier, and Wil- liam Smith, (all young men) were charged with srealiog from a field in Winwick-road the previous day about 3 o'clock, three geese the property of George Browis,value 15s.—Defendants all pleaded not guilty.—The Chief Constable said Mrs. Brown was the wife of George Brown of 303 Wiawick-road. The two arisoners Barrow were brothers and lodged with a Mrs. Dunn at 111 Winwick-road. Mrs. Brown saw her geese safe about 230 and missed them shortly after 3 o'clock. Mrs. Dunn saw her two lodgers come home accompanied by the prisoner Smith. They had been drinking and neglecting their work for the day and she left Ithem all in the house. Shortly after throe o'clock she returned and Mrs. Brown in formed her of her loss. She went into her own house- and noticed a quantity of dirt and feathers. She said to Thomas Barrow" have those geese been in here." He said "no I have not seen them." Mrs. Brown and Bar- row then went upstairs where the other two men were. She saw more feathers and a quantity of blood." She said to the men, " you have killed those geese." They protested they knew nothing about them, and then went out of the house. She met Mr. Johnson Wilson with a cab and told him what had occurred. He followed the men as far as Bewsey Bridge, and then hurried into the town and meeting Sergeant Dean and P.C. Whittaker , west back and the men were arrested. rhe two officers then went back to the house where the men lodged. They found the three missing geese, one with its head off Thomas Barrow said " I killed them, the other two did ' not kill them." He need not point out that the whole three were responsible for the actions of the one. Mrs. Brown and Mrs •Dunn igave evidence which bore out the Chief Constable's statement.—Johnson Wilson, nab proprietor, Warrington, said he was in Bewsey-road about 4 o'clock when Mrs. Dunn called him to the pri- soners and made a communication to him. He followed them and they were subsequently arrested.—Sergeant Dean said the prisoner Thomas Barrow said to him "I killed th 3 geese and the others had nothing to do with it." Thomas Brown said " We are all three as bad as one another." At the police station Thomas Barrow said to James" You keep your mouth shut it is no use us all three being implicated in it."—P.C. Whittaker proved finding the geese. Thomas Barrow's hands were covered with dirt and blood.—The Chief Constable said he must point out that there was no consistency in their repeated denials of any knowledge of the theft, but might he suggest that as they were young men of previ- ous good character, a fine be inflicted. Ho looked upon it as a drunken freak.—The Chairman said they con- sidered the prisoners were alrguilty of the charge, but as they thought it a drunken freak they would fine them a guinea including costs or a month with hard labour. The Chairman then said they were very much obliged to Mr. Johnson Wilson for the way in which he had con- ducted himself in regard to the prisoners. It reflected great credit upon him—The Chief Constable added his thanks on behalf of the police, to those of the bench.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FElDAY,—betore the Mayer (in the chair) Councillor Smet-

'hunt, Dr. Gornial. and Mr. James Hepherd. A VIOLENT PEDLAR.—Peter Murphy. of no settled abode. was charged with being drunk and disorderly In Butter- market-street on Thursday afternoon, and with assaulting Annie Anderten, of ths Cross Keys Hotel at the same time sad place. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the first offence but not guilty to tha second —Mrs. Anderton. lindledy of the Cross Keys Hotel said defendant asked her to buy a mat. He was drunk and when she refused he made use of filthy language. Witness said if he did net go out she would have hint put out. Prisoner said he would go out neither for her nor a policeman, and struck her In the face.—lsaac Unsworth, engine driver, slid be was in the house at the time. He saw prisoner strike Mrs. Anderton and knock the glasses off her face —P.O. Turner gave evidence as to arresting the prisoner. on the foothpath ontside the Cross Keys Hotel. He had no license to hawk.—Prisoner said he was (trunk but he did not strike her wilfully. He had seen a lot of service abroad and was a bit wiong In his head,—He was lined 105 and costs or 14 days. HER 22m APPEAR/NM—Annie Smith. was charged with soliciting in Mersey-street on Thursday night. —P.C's Turner and Muskat proved the case.—The Chief Constable said it was her 22nd appearance. he was committed to prison for one month.

HMO THREtTs.—Marla Ward, 12, Morrie Court. was summoned by Cornelius Ward for using threats on the 15th illeptember.—Cornelius Ward said defendant was his wife mid on the day in question she came to his house and told someone to turn him out. He went down the yard. and she followed him. and put her Angers in his face and said she would " put his eyes out."—Mrs. Rowen, for the defence, said she only heard defendant ask for some money for the children, she did not use any threats. The bench dismissed the case. CoMmiTriNo flardanu.—Patrick Gibbons. Arnolds' Yard, was summoned by Mary Finan. for committing wilful damage to her door, 5, Haydock-street, on tne 18th September. Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Mary Finan said on Sunday night he came to her house drunk knocked a child down, and burst her door open. He had not damaged it.—Mrry Woodall corroborated saying he burst the doer open but did not damage IL—The Chairman said they would deal leniently with him and dismiss the case, but they must warn him not to carry on in that manner. A WILFUL WOMAN —Margaret Potter. 38. Glazebrook- street, was summoned for using th•eats on the 20th Septem- ber to Hannah Ayres, 20. Glazebrook-street. Defendant who was rather deaf pleaded not guilty. The complainant, a very old woman, gave evidence as to the threats being used. The defendant had made use of bad language also.—A. Miss Hall corroborated. She heard Mrs. Potter say she would do for her.—Sergeant Lewis and a Mrs. Houghton gave evi- dence as to ill feeling between the two. The defendant said she had brought no witnesses. She theught as she was not guilty she could conduct her own case.—The Chairman: We shall bind you over to keep the peace for six months and pay the costs.—Defendant • What is the default for it. —The Chairman: Seven days. A woman then stepped out of the body of the court to speak to defendant evidently with proposition to pay but defendant called out '• no you won't, I'll do the seven days." MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman _ _

burst. and Court illors Shaw Green and Smethurst. A TROUBLESOME NEIGHBOURECOOD.—EIIen Terry, 44. Warburton-street, was summoned for committing a breach of the peace by being nisorderivi In Jokey-street on the 17th September.—P.C. Fish said defendant used very bad language and caused a large crowd to assemble.—The Chief Constable said that for a few days the neighbourhood, in which was caused more trouble than in any other in the town, was in a state of disorder, and several cases arose out of It.—Defendant was bound over to keep the place and ordered to pay costs. A WARRINGTON FOOTBALLER FlNED.—Patriok Carey, a well-known Warrington footballer, living at 42, Dallam-lane, was summoned for using obscene language in Colborne- Square on the 17th of September.—P.t.. Johnson said he was In Market-street when a gentleman came to him and said there WAS a quarrel In Colborne-square. He proceaded there, and found defendant, who was making use of bad language. Defendant denied that he used any bad language. He called a witness named Houghton, who said they were showing some St. Helens footballers the way to the station when a policeman earns up and shoved Carey. Carey told the officer at the time that he had done nothing wrong. The officer then let him go. but two more constables came up and Johnson again shoved Carey and thumped him. A gentleman who was passing on a 'bus said "Shame."—The Chairman said the magistrates believed the evidence of the officers. The use of bad language In the streets was getting too common. It was really disgraceful. Defendant would be dealt with somewhat lentenely, as it was his first offence, and fined Ss. BREACH OF THE PEACE —Jessie Chapman, 17, Prince•st was summoned for committing a breach of the peace by bet”g disorderly In Prince-street on September 17.—P.0. Cooper proved the case.—She was bound over to keep the peace, and was ordered to pay the costs, its. UNMUzZLED DoGS —William Connor. fish hawker. Friars'- green, and Thomas Caldwell, 1. Allen-street, were fined ss, for allowlne their dog' to be at large unmuzzled Daum AND DtioRDERLT Mary Fallon. 56, Old-road, Latchford was fined 5s and a sts for this offence In Old-road on the 30th September. PC. Turner proved the case: TUESDAT.—BefOre Mr. 9. Chansley Oa the chair), and Mr

Thomas Birchall. A SICLET CINSTABLE. —Thomas Fagan, last from Liver- pool. was charged with being a deserter from the King's Liverpool Regiment, stationed a Warrington.—Prisoner pleaded guiltv.--P C.Smith said he was in Mash-house lane. on Monday night when he saw pri•on.r coming from the, barracks. Witness knew him, having seen him before, and stopped him. Prisoner said he had bcen to enlist. Witness said it was a nice time to enlist. He then admitted he was a deserter and belonged to the King's Liverpool Regiment.— I Prisoner (to the magistrates), sail he had been to the barracks to give hims.lf up, but they would not take any notice of him.—The Chief Constable : They nearly all lay something like that. The reason is belinse they do not want the officer to be paid the reward as It comes out of their pay. I ask for the usual reward for the offi .er.—The Bench granted the reward, and remanded the prisoner to await an escort. SortooL CA5E2.—The following were dealt with for not sending their childrm regularly to school O'Cannor, labourer. 7 Shepherds Row, fined Is; Henry Rob- , son Mot:me:tux. labourer, 56. Old-road. order for two children to attend school and pay costs 2s ; Will:am Boyle, labourer, 15. James' Street. fined 2s 6di ; George Dunbaboin, labourer. 16, Jackson's Opening, fined Is ; Patrick Glover, tanner, It, Crossley-street. fined 2. 64 : John Weaver, labourer. 5, ',canard street, fined 2s 61 : Charles Campbell. labourer, 7, Bakehouse-yard. order and fined is : Richard Howarth. labourer. 6, Phillip-sreet, order arid fined Is ; George Cartwright. labourer, 19. Edward-street. fined Is 63 : Richard Britton. 23, Leonard street. order to attend school ; Mary Ellen Baxter, 36, Wilson-street, order to attend school. THE CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR.—John Yates Johnson, grocer's assistant, mtde application for exemption from the Vaccination Order, on the grounds that he had conscientious objcctions to ytccioallon.—ln answer to the Bench he said his child was 13 weeks old, was lil, and the doctor had been attending it. He considered vaccination would be prejudicial to the health of the ehild.—The magistrates' clerk : (To the bench) 'You can take what steps von like if you are not satisfied with his statement alone.—Mr. Birchen : You are sure this statement you have made about the child'a health is correct P—Applicant : Oh, yes.—ln answer to inquiries

===== 0002601_18980930_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA.MINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1898.

he further stated That the child had been away to notlasrhs and it was seven weeks since the doctor had seen it.—The Chief Constable : Are you opposed to vaccination on principle I.—Applicsnt : Yes. I am. The magistrates granted the applicst ion on payment of 2s for the certificate WICONEMLY.—Before Mr. R. T. Fairclough (in the chair), _ _ .

and Messrs. Geddes and Simian.

ASSAULT ON • Wtrz.—John Taylor. baker. 43, Mersey Hill. Knutsford-road, was charged with assaulting his wife Annie Taylor. on the 26th S.:pte mber.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—Annie Taylor said on Monday night her husband came home about 5 o'clock drunk and lay on the floor. She earns down to the Police Station to make a complaint about his ill-usage on Saturday. and when she came bask the house was In darkness. Defendant came downstairs, looked the doors, got her against the door and " hammered " her, the results of which they could see ou her face. She had not spoken to him. The defendant said ho had done it because she had been drinking. When asked, the complainant said she had not brought any witnesses to support her evidence.— The behch bound defendant over to keep the peace and pay the costs or in default 14 days. Complainant : I shall go into the Workhouse with my children, before I will stay I with hips another hour,

DARESBURY PECEY SE3SION3. TOESD&Y.—Before I.lr. William Long (chairman), Mr. Nield. Mr. Talbot, Mr. C. H. Broadbent. and Captain Rodger. Junr Ltsrs.—Tise assistant overseers for the several town- ships in the Petty 6essional division presented lists of per- sons ginned to serve on juries. There were no objestions, and the lists wore approved.

BTXENSION or Taii.—Charles William Phillips, Bing o' Bells. Daresbury, applied for and was granted an extension of one hour on Tuesdsy. the 11th October, on the OCCitiOR of the annual dinner to the tenantry of the Walton eatate. FIGHTING AT STOCKTON Ft XT SWING BRIDGE.—BLISEIRCe Bennett, &joiner' of Stockton Heath. wrs charged with corn.• minting s breach of the pesos by fighting on the 27th August. —P.O.Tarte stated that on the date named he saw the defen• dant get hold of a young man named Isherwood near the swing bridge and strike him. They closed and struggled together on the ground.—Defendant stated that Isherwood was the aggressor.—Superintendent O'kell said from the information he received the defendant was the ringleader.—P.O. Tarts stated that the defendant was very often fightlng.—The magistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace for three months and ordered to pay Costs. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—For these offences the follow• lug were fined :—Dsmlnic Knoskton, farm labourer, Stockton Heath, on the 6th September at Stockton Heath, 5s and costs ; Alfred Taylor and Ssrah Ann Taylor, Bostock- street, Stockton 'Teeth, on the 18th September at Stockton Heath, 5s and costs and 2s 6d and costs respectively.—P.C. Tarts and Sergeant Dosling proved the eases.-51rs. Taylor denied strongly that she was drunk, and the male defendant said that he was not quarrelling with her but with a man named Hamblett.

OBSTRUCTING THE FOOTWAY--Flve young men named Thomas Arnold, James Mona. John Wray, Walter Jones, and William New, all of Stockton Heath, were charged with hay- ing on the 18th September, unlawfully and wilfully obstruc• ted the free passage of the footway by standing thereon.— New and Jones did not answer to the summons and the case against them was adjourned.—The other three defendants pleaded guilty. —P.C. Tarte stated that he saw the defendants .tandiug ore the footpath on the Sunday afternoon in quest:on. He lered repeatedly warned them.— Sergeant Gosling stated that it was a constant practice of young men to obstruct the footpath in this district.— Arnold was lined 10e including costs and Monk and Wray 2a 6.1 Including eosts.—The Chairman severely repreneanded the defendants and said the magistrates were determined to put a stop to the practice. UNLIGHTED VEHICLEIL—The following persons were dealt with for being in charge of vehicles without having lights : —Hdward O'Toole, cabrnan, Warrington, oa the 3rd Septem- ber at Grappenhall ; John Wrench. Ashton-street, Warring• ton on the 15th September at Stratton ; George Scalth.Folly- lane, Warrington, on the 18th September at Stockton Heath.

A Scskpir DetvErs.—Fred Soden, 77, Warrington-road. Northwich was fined 2s. 6d. including costs for having been asleep whilst in charge of a horse and lorry on the 15 Sep- tember at Bartington. AN UNLICENSRD Do,—Henry Ball. Daisy Back, Antrebus was charged with having on the 13th August at Antrobus kept a dog without a license.—He was fined Ts. gd, and costs.

the bottom and the other two on top. Mr.lDiggle than came up, and witness and his son went away remarking that they had no time to bother with the man.— By the Bench : You have heard these witnesses with regard to the bringing up of the van to the pavement P It is very conflicting.—Witness then swore that he was obliged to move the sets to get the cart into the position he did.—Harry Gilbert Watson, son of the previous witness, after giving evidence of a corroborative nature, added that Sutton threatened to hit his father "cinder the jaw." To whieh be (witness) replied" If you hit anyone, hit me; and not an old man." Sutton then struck him in the mouth and bursted his tip and loosened two teeth. He then had a scuffle with Button and ciropped,him.Sutton struck first.and hit his father on the nose.—George Iledley,allad employed by Watson, also gave evidence. He saw the assault and saw Sutton hit Watson the elder on the nose, and the younger one in the mouth. Thomas Ainsworth, testified that Watson's cart was only able to get into the position it occupied by the moving of 1 the sets.—John Austin, said he lived next door to Watson. He saw the van came up and saw Watson move the atone sets out of the way, so as to make room for the van. In his opinion if Sutton had not taken the action he did there would have been no bother at all.—The Bench considered that the evidence was very conflicting, but it went to show that Sutton had struck the first blow, therefore they would dis- miss the eases against Watson. and Sutton would be fined 108. and 12s. 61 .costs for assaulting Richard Watson. The other case was dismissed.

PROFANITY Ix THE STREETS. —Jamei Yarwood. and Peter Worrell. both of Newtown, Frodsharn, pleaded guilty to a charge of usink obscene language in the streets on the 3rd of September.—P.C. Price proved the ease, and fines of 5s in- clusive of costs, were imposed and paid. No LIGHT.—A. BE CYCLIST FINED.—For riding a bicycle without a light on the 6th September in the township of ' Ilrodshana. Alexander Grine. of Sutton Weaver' was fined 5s Including costs.—Tres case was proved by P.C. Bebbington.— In answer to the bench larice said that owing to the gas light be did not notice that his light had gone out. THEFT or Moorxr.—Thomas Tonal, Main-street, Frodsham, an assistant in the employ of Mr. W. Collier, Runcorn. Was brought up on remand charged with the larceny of 2s 61 the nannies of his employer.—Prisoner pleaded guilty, and elected to be summarily dealt with.---Harry Burton, manager of the branch at Frodsham, stated that the lad dropped the half- crown out of his pocket on the 16th of September, and know- ing that defendant had not that sum on him of his own, he accused him of stealing it. This Jones denied, but in a few minutes afterwards he brought the half-crown to him and admitted its theft.—Mr. W. Collier said he did not wish to press the case, but thought, inasmu3h as he had to caution Jones on a previous occasion, that he ought to bring it before the Bench.—The Chairman considered that it was a mistake to ignore those sort- of cases, and he hoped it would be a lesson to Jones. His father, if agreeable, would be bound over in £5 to bring him up for judgment within six months if called noon, which was the equivalent to letting him off. TRESPASS IN PURSUIT OF GANCE.—Henry Faulkner, labourer, in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. was brought up charged with trespassing in pursuit of game on the property of Mr. James Andrews, farmer, Frodsham.—Faulkner pleaded not guilty, but said he was trespassing—James Andrews said that he saw the man Shoot a rabbit and pick it up and walk away He followed him, and upon accosting him defendant said tnat he bed shot a pigeon and not a rabbit Witness found the rabbit upon him however—ln his defence, Faulkner said he had shots couple of wild pigeons.—He was fined 10s and I2s 6d costs, or 14 days in default, —A further charge against Faulkner, of being drunk and disordetly in Main-street on the 3rd of September was then gone into.—Defendant pleaded guilty, and the facts were stated by P.C. Bebbington. —A fine of 5s and costs was impose-1.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PE I'TY SESSIONS.

MONDLY.— Before Messrs. James Handley (pres iding), P Speakman, W. Tirr mins, J. Wide:Atom, A. H. Norman, S Taylor. and F. J. Norman. 2 . _

Tim JURY LlT.—The lists of persons entitled to serve as jurors were submitted and verified for the following parishes : Aston-by-Sutton, Aston Grange, Clifton, Halton. Norton, Stockholm, Runcorn and Weston.

I A SAD FAMLLY AFFLICTION.—EIiza Hinna—n, Runcorn. summoned her daughter Eliza Minoan. for assaulting her on the 17th of September.—ln answer to the charge defendant who appeared somewhat dazed, said " she did not like to do it."—Complainent said that defendant was her step daughter; and was not fit to be in the house with her.— The Chairman : Why Is she not fit to be in the house ? Complainant: She struck me with the shovel and brush. and it is not the first time.—The magistrates clerk (who had been trying to get defendant to understand her situation, tailing in his object), turned to the complainant and said : " She does not seem sharp P"—Witneas : She is sharp enough in the house sir.—Continuing her evidence, com- plainant stated that she had been married to the girl's father 14 months, and daring that time they had had a deal of trouble with her.—The father of the girl, called, said she was so violent that she did not know what she did, and was not fit to be left in the house. If he negle ited to fasten her up in a room before he went to work, there was no living for anyone else in the home. He considered, however, that she was not responsible for her actions, and sortubhlng ought to be done, He had been to Dutton before the Board, and also to the relieving officer, but got nothing, and was told to go to see Dr McDougall. The girl thought nothing of taking a knife and running at her brother, a lad of 17 with it.—The 13ench suggested that the father should go and see Mr. Cooke (the relieving officer)about the girl.and tell him that they(the magistrates) had sent him, when doubtless something would be done.

TEIREg MEN IN A FLOAL—Williant Dutton, William Worrall, and Robert Buckley. all of Lower Whitley. were brought up in custody charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and float; drunk and disorderly and assaulting the police ; and drunk and disorderly respectively, on the previ- ous night (Sunday) —P.C. Juett stated tint he was on duty at Halton. on iunday night, when about 9 o'clock he observed the float being driven furiously along the road, be- ing in charge of William Dutton, whom he obrerved Was drunk. With the assistance of some Liverpool cyclists he was able to stop the ho-se anti cart. He then found that the defendant Duttoi was " beastly drunk.—Defendant said he had had some drink—P.C. tiregury stated that he was on duty at the Police Station when the defendant was brought in. The man was very drunk trideed.—Fluel 5s and 7s 41 costs. The other two cases weretaken together. From the evidence of P.C. Juett, it would appear that, these two men were also in the float, and upon it being stopped Worrall used mod abusive language to the officer, and also hit him. The other man (Buckley) was very quiet but also very drunk. The oM:sr was in lull unlform.—Worrall said he never put his hand near the officer.—p.c. Juett added that the Liverp-ol cyclists had left their names behind and would came as witnesses If required.—P,c. Gregory testified to the drunken state of the men when locked up. and added that the man Worrall was also very abusive, and offered to strike him several times whilst being conducted to the cells. —The Bench considered that such behaviour, and especially on a sunday. was very disgraceful. Buckley would be fined 5s and 7s 4d costs or seven days for being drunk and disorderly ; whilst Worrall would be fined a like amount for that offence, with a fine of 5s and 5s Costs or seven days for his assault upon the officer. —As 22 17s bid was found upon the men, the fines were paid.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES PObICE COURT.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor. Alderman Wareing. Box AnvErruitche.—George &liaison, aged 13; Arthur Sproson. aged 12; Alfred Stoves, aged 12; were summoned for stealing a boat on September 21. between the hoists of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.. the property or George Dunbavin, value £5. —Prosecutor stated that he was A fisherman, living at Speke, and that he left his boat safe on Wednesday morning, but in the afternoon he found that it Was gone. The next day he searched for it again and found it an lace, about four miles down.—Thomas Joynson, lighthouse keeper at Hale Head. Said thtt on Wednesday h:s attenLion was called to a small boat with three boy a in it, going towards Weston Point. The defendant Stokes Came ashore and asked him for a match for his father. Afterwards he heard about this boat being taken away, and went along the Ship Canal w. tit P.C. Clarice and met the three boye.—p.O.Clarke gave corroborative evidence. —Defendants were remanded until Monday neat, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSEIANI PECTY SESSIONS,

WEDNESDAY —Before Messrs. Chxrles Reynolds (chairman).

and John Ockleston.

..... A. MlsrktottP CASE WITH • RESSILRIELBLR Richard Watson. and Harry Gilbert Watson. father and son, were summoned for assaulting Ralph Sutton lab turer, who was employed in laying the channelling in Church-street. Frodshirn, on the 16th of Seotember.—Cross-aummonses were taken out by the Watsons against :Sutton. -air. Burton. solicitor, Runcorn, appeared for the Watson§ ; and Sutton conducted his own case.—Ralph Sutton said he was working upon the channelling for the Distriet Council in Church-st. ,Hlchard Watson came up driving a van, while Mr. Clarke (foreman) was away. He got out and came and kicked the sets about. When Mr. C.arke returned he told him about Watson, and Clarke went into the shop. When Clarke came out of the shop. Watson followed, and witness heard him say he" would upset the sets ag dn." This annoyed witness and he said 'lll was foreman. I would upset you. Then Wat- son came across the footpath and struck him and Young Watson also came out and assisted his father. The elder Watson also said that he would " settle the matter with me some time up the road ; but that WAS afterwards when I went into the shop to ask Watson to apologise." He (witness) made no answer to Watson. —Cross.examined : Richard Watson kicked the sets over. as they lay in order to be fixed. lie never struck at Watson at al!, and only struck out in self-defence. Watson had no reason to shift the sets : and if he wanted them moved they would have moved them.—Thomas B;oth, Church-street. said on the day in question he was dressing the shop window of his father's shop, and saw both the Viratsons strike Sutton. He saw Mr. Watson come down with his vats, and he kicked the sets that were in the ohannelling about. Then Clarke came rip and went into Watson's shop, but what transpired in the shop he could not say. Clarke came out looking anything but satisfied, and the elder Watson followed him, and lie distinctly beard him say "ho would upset them again." Sutton then remarked "That if he was foreman, he would upset Watson." Watson then went out and crossed the ehannel and struck Sutton, after which the younger Watson came out of the shoo and went to his father's assistance. They both went into :Sutton and got him on to the floor, end the younger Watson who was kneeling upon his chest, struak him whilst hews!' down.— }terry Clark. Frodsham Lordship, gave evidence of a corroborative character —ln answer to the Bench witness added that there was plenty of room for carts to pass, as the road was 21 feet 10 incises, and they only occupied 5 feet, and what the van stool on —John Lightfoot. Kingsley, also corroborated —ffr. Burton for the defence, submitted a statement that was a direct contradiction of that made by the complainant Sutton, anal. in support thereof called Riehattl Watson, butcher, Chureh-street, who said that when he came up with his van be had to move the sets, (which Ic , did with his foot) spas to get his van near to the shop. If he had not done so, he would have been bk.:king uo the road, Sutton said that he (witness) wanted" shifting as well as the sets," Then' Sutton struck him on the nose. Whereupon his son Came out of the shop and said '' If you want anyone to strike P—Strike me I Sutton then struck Isis son, and they all three fell to the floor, him at

===== 0002601_18980930_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
JEWELS IN VELVET USES.

IN a case lined with silk or velvet, there is where the lady who has diamonds is apt to keep them. Not be- cause they are likely to suffer from exposure. Oh, no, a diamond can eta nd anything in the line of weather, and any amount of rough usage. But it is small and Costly; easy to loss and hard to find ; and much desired by those gentlemen who, like Mr. Niternmick, are fond of portable property. In the body, which is the most delicate and beauti- ful of velvet cases, nature keeps those jewels, the vital organs. Unlike diamonds these precious things do not well endure exposure and careless treatment. Especi- ally are they injured by co!d. Therefore, en far as. Possible, they are surrounded by warm fiesta and pro- tented from chance shocks or Wows from without. For- tunately for their owner no thief covets them, as, once taken from the case, they have no value. What we may call the Koh-i-noor among these living gems is the liver. It occupies the warmest and cosiest nook of the body, well sheltered from cold. Yet it is not thereby made secure from evil. Its gravest dangerc come from the other jewels in the case, and from the Owner who has power over them all. Now 1-t us see what these facts have to do with the cases of Mr. Robert Lee and others—you and me perhaps among them. "In November, 1895," writes Mr. Les, " I began to get weak and low. My appetite was poor and the little food I ate gave roe a deal of pain about tha chest. I was unable to sleep well at night,and in the morning felt exhausted and tired."

Mr. Lee's statement ;that he was " tirel " after ling on his bed all night is physiologically correct. Fatigue is lois of strength whether from labour or any other cause. You will note, however, that while fatigue arising from healthy exertion i 9 overaome by food and sleep, this kind cannot be overcome save by curing the disease which produces it. " My feet," continues Mr. Lee, " were swollen and painful, and a tendency to gout manifested itself. I felt low-spirited and thought I was breaking up. Presently I became so weak 1 cOuld scarcely move about. Month after month I remained in this condition. Having heard so much about the efficacy of Mother Seigel's Syrup in complaints of this kind,l began using it,and soon found benefit. I could eat well, and food agreed with ma. I continued to take it arid improved from week to week. It was not long before the gouty sympto me entirely disappeared, arid I was in my usual good health. Should you desire to publish this letter you may feel free to do so."—(Signed) Robert Lee, Postmaster, Tealby,Market Rasea, Lincolnshire, Feb. 22nd, 1898. Whether Mr. Lee is or not subject to gout, and has, therefore, had experience of it, he does not tell us. In any case he will please take notice that the immediate cause of gout is what is technically called reversion of the liver, allowing the formation in the blood of uric acid, a poison which, settling in the joints, creates the inflammation and the pain; while the partial inaction of the kidneys causes the bloating. Be ant others who have suffered in the same way will be wise to .look sharply aft3r those " goety symptoms." For gout is not an ailment all by itself ; it is a member of a very dangerous combination, which may include affections of the heart, skin, nerves, brain, bladder and kidneys._ -

. . The whole troub!e begins, as so many troubles do, in the stomach. Digestion, to a greater or leis degree, fails ; fermentation of food in the digestive organs follows ; the bowels become c estive ; the rotting sub- ,tances r Amain in the stomach and intestines ; the blood is filled with impurities ; the over-worked liver re- fusel its duty ; the change from food to body-tisaue is not completed ; the deadly uric acid is formed in dan- gerous qasotities, and several diseases, af chiOh gout is one, ve set golov. To correct this state of things is always diffilult and o'ten impossible. _

Ths prop ir treatment is, by the aid of Mothar osigel's Syrup, to puree the blood, and indesd the whole sysi,sm of the fearful corruption engendsred within it, and to tone Vie domicil, liver, skin, bowels and ki inns to act powerfully and naturilly. The Syrup may be relied on to do this even when other remedies hive Sally fallen short. And for us all the Mason is this:—Cure indigestion in it; earli staves by taking the Syrup when the first sign; of it appear.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CriERFITRE couNry ASSOCIATION. SwnW,lllliiii,GTON V. STRETFORD.-Th3 first semi-final in the senior county competition vii,. played on Saturday over fb afillated gre9 itt Harpurhey. the r Ppresentattvl tetrnsh.ing Stretford and South Warrinzton. Play opened in favour of the latttr which tauc had comoleted five Personal' succe•aes by half-time. and finished with 34 points In hand. Mr. L. Tnwens. referee:—

ROUTE( WARRINGTON. STRETFaRD. J Shaw ST Hall n A Twin 6 11 19 Alison —2l TI Fags, 2l J Poynton l7 C Llttlawoodl VI Shaw 2l T Lothgne 6 21 1) Wigislesworth 2n TI F.cirbrother 2l It D Lowe ............ ......... 18 T L'elter - 2l H Broady • 19 V Barry 2l F Chambers l5 W Wilton... ....... ' 2l R Thinkwater ......... ...... 20 T Moie 3 J Gleave 1 Scranton

===== 0002601_18980930_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
23-0 195 MAIN AT THE WARRINGTONNONSERVATIVB CLUB.

The annnal closing main In connection with the above was omlololed on Sataraley, ten prizes being offerei for com- petition. 31r. Thomas Cooper proposed, and Mr. W. Wilson seeon,ied, a vote of thanks to the Bowling Green Committee for their services dnriag ~:k3 past season. to which Mr. W. W. Westwell suitably responded. Mr. Watkins, the manager. Corl!ratulAted on the condition of the gre.n. sn,Lwas awarded a vote of thanks, to which he responded. After a few remarks by Captain Hutchinson,Councillor John Roberts presented the wise; to the successful competitors :-1, marble timepiece. William Hill ; 2, marble timepiece, Thomas Cooper ; 3, barometer, John Harrison ; 4, carvers (in case). Georie Watkins ; 5. silver-plated cruet. W. Will- em* ;8. wrier kettle, John Taylor; 7, elcztro-plated jam dish, Robert Bell ; 8, Pierre plated tsast rack, H. P. Turner; 9. oin,, end case, W. &nettle ; 10. cigarette case, W. Wile m,

===== 0002601_18980930_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

11' one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of implements for Sport, that Arm is GEO. 4. BOSSES Is Co., who are leading the way again with their latest improved " Demon Driver" Hockey Club. bearing their well known trade mark A-4E4HE. Ask the local Sports Dealer for C. Cr. B. & Co's Special Hockey List. If not procurable apply to 36 & 38. Queen Victoria-street. London. Factorles—Peokham. London ; and Blmswell, Suffolk. Advt. (2).

===== 0002601_18980930_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. WA.RRINGTON y. WIDNES.

THE " CHEMICALS " STILL UNBEATEN.

Warrington undertook one of the stiffest tasks they have to face this season, when they journeyed to Widnes on Saturday. The " Chemicals" have come on wonder- fully this last two seasons, and are one of the most for- midable combinations in the League at present, whereas their neighbours at Warrington have been slowly but surely deteriorating. Though Warrington succeeded in beating the Widnesians on their own soil at the close of last season, there were few who thought them capable of spading the homesters' unbeaten record on Saturday. Warrington had a lot in their favour, for Widnes had to find substitutes for Brennan and Alec Martin, in the three-quarter line, whereas Warringten were only short of R. Bate, for whom Ashurat made an excellent substi- tute. The weather was bright and cool, being favour- able to spectators and players alike. Of the former there were about 5,000, something like 1,000 coming from Warrington. Mr. J. Priestley (of Broughton) was referee, and the players lined out as follows : Widnes : Batey, full back; Peters, Rispan, Taylor, and Peacock, threequarters; Drummond and Douglas, half backs; Heslop, Rampson, Hunt, Handley,Johnson, Travis, &spay, and Donnelly forwards. Warrington: BOiC3W, full back; Holcroft,Duckwerth, I-herwood, and Moores. threequarters ; J T Bate and Ashurst, half-backs ; Taylor, Deakin, Naylor, Barratt, Boardman, Eden, Fairhurst, and Sudlovr, forwards. Taylor started for Warrington with a slight breeze in his favour, and no return being made, the first scrim- mage occurred in Widoes territory. The homesters got possession and Douglas kicked, but the ball was lost in touch. Isherwood made a fine mark from a clever punt by Peters, and play ruled even. Bate and Moores en- deavoured to make the running, but Peacock floored the latter with great promptness. A lofty and well-judged kick by Douglas gave the borne front rank a fine chance, and the famous forwards looked like rushing over when a knock-on caused the intervention of the referee's whistle. A lough punt by Batey forced 503C0W over the line, where be mulled, but in the nick of tune sent the ball dead. Bate and Ashurst relieved, Boardman spoiling what looked like a chance by an unlucky kick which sent the ball in touch well within the Widnes quarter. Moores was prominent with some tricky play and Widnes had to defend. The home front rank however, soon removed the danger to the other end, and Taylor effected a daring gave for Warrington. Bats made a couple of useful marks from long punts by Bate'', who was playing a great game. Warrington were hard pressed, and " Smack " endeavoured to kick the ball to Moores, but seat it backwards and Boscow had all his work cutout in the corner. Here Widnes made a great effort and se- curing the ball Drummond gave Peacock a quick pass and the latter rushed over. The place-kick was a little too difficult for Batey,who made a good attempt. War- rington made little headway after this,and Bosoow being tackled in possessiea of the ball, Widnes attacliel strongly. Duckworth did several smart things for War- rington. Aspey,of Willies, was caught in the act of taking a kick at Bate and the referee warned him and took his name. Just before the interval Warrington had another good opening, but Fairhurst just did what Boardman had done before, and the chance was lost. Half-time came with the score, Widnes one try, War- rington nil. _

Heslop recommenced hostilities, and a grand run by Isherwood into the home half was the first item of nate. A trout of exchange kicking left the game waging at centre, but before five minutes hid elapsed, Duckworth I had his kick charged down, Boscow was too slow to get to the ball, and ['estop dribbled over with an easy try. Batee failed again at the place kick. Play proceeded in the Warrington half until Ashurst relieved by the aid of a free-kick. From a mark by Taylor, (Widnes), Batey tried a shot from centre which fell short, the ball being well returned by Isherwood. A forward rush by Widnes troubled Boscovr, who was downed by Hampson, and WarrMgton had an anxious time. A short kick in front of the posts sent the ball to Bascow who secured it, but immediately lost possession and presented Travis with a I very soft try. Though the place was not difficult, Heslop was unsuccessful at goal. Warrington now lost heart, ;.though they defended stubbornly. Bate made one or two desperate efforts, but was always brought down in short order. Warrington made occasional excursions to the home line, Bate. Ashurst. and Isherwood passing well en one ocoasion. Then Moores looked a likely scorer,but Widnes defended grandly. Holcroft had a penalty in good position bet made a poor attempt. Widnes rushed the game to the other ond,Moores saving in fine style. Rispan had hard luck with a drop at goal, and shortly after the whistle sounded finally, :leaving Widnes winners by 3 'tries (9 points) to Warrington, nil. OLDPIAM v. RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE CHAMPIONS BEAT THEIR_OPPONENN.

- - - [BY OUR OWN REPORTER.] The champions on Saturday were visited by Runcorn, who took the best possible team they could (though still abort ot Jimmy Butterworth, at three-quarter ; and Faulkner at half)—and as Oldham have a wholesome re- sell for the quality of the Runcornians in general—they put their best team in the field. It was a beautiful day; the ground was in good condition, and everything fa- voured a caoital game—but there was a hitch. The re- feree, Mr. Dillon (of Warrington) failed to put in an appearance and after the teams had been waiting for some time, which the crowd, numbering about 12,000.induleed in some good humoured remarks about " fining him a bob' a minute." it was mutually agreed that Mr. A. G. Paul (of Lancashire cricket fame) should act as referee. The teams then took up position in the following order, Runcorn facing the sun : Oldham : Back, R Thomas; three-quarters. IP Taylor, T Davies, S Lees, Williams ; halves, Rees. and Lawton ; forwards, Edwards. J Lees, Browne, Moffatt, Frater, T W Davies, Bongo'', Merrill. Runcorn : Back. S Houghton ; three-quarters, T Warder, S Woods, T Wilkinson, C Butterworth ; halves. J Jolley, J Nickson ; Forwards, S Walker, A Taylor, W Lightfoot, T Gayter, Jameson, 0 Hughes, J Tomlinson, and Reee.

Taylor kicked off for Runcorn, and at once the in- terest was centred upon the Runcorn pack, who, fol- lowed up in good style by their backs, made an inroad int) the Oldham 25. Oldham cleared off with a rush, and Williams tried a race for it. Houghton. however, secured and returned with a huge punt. Davies was next to get going ; but useful work en the part of _Tolley nullified his attempt. 0. Hughes (Runcorn), got away and bath forwards and backs managed a fine run between themselves ; getting quite on the home line. From this point, hawever, Oldham, with excellent pass- ing came away with a swing, sending the ball along from man to man the whole width of the field. Williams tried to get past Houghton, but " Sammy " sent him quietly into the touch. Little Charlie Butterworth was next prominent in a smart tackle. Ike Taylor protected by his other three-quarters made a capital catch, and brake away feeding Davies with a palpable forward pass. Davies and Williams, however, kept going and after same capital solo work. Davies made straight for Housdaton,whonfhe hampered as he passed the ball on to Williams; the latter scoring a be* tiful try—bar the sharp practice which should have been penalised-by placing right between the sticks. S. Lees converted, and the crowd shouted for more. Open play followed in which Ike Taylor got slightly hurt, but returned almost immediately. Oldham who, were now taking advantage of everything. proceed. Then Nicksoa was r.sponsible for a capital save. Old- ham came again, but the referee ignored a plea for off- side, and it fell once more to Houghton to save. W 0055 and Butterworth got 'possession and made good head- way, but Thomas came on the scene just in time and stopped their progress. by licking into touch. Jolley followed the punt in.and secured the ball about 15 yards off the Oldham sticks ; instead of trying to get Over, hawevar, he tried to drop which only failed by a few inches. Both teams now had a lively time of it on the Runcorn right just within the Oldham half ; relief came in the form of a penalty against Oldham for a knock-on. Nickson again increased the advantage for his own side, but it was now quite evident that the visitors threa. quarters were not speedy enough to Cope with the op- posing backs. Jolley kicked over the line, as a result of a desperate attempt,but the ball was touched dead betore be Could fellow it up. From the scrimmage Oldham got away beautifully, and this time faultessly. S. Lees sailing over the line with yards to spare. Frater converted. Runcorn peek now took up the ranning, and principally through Walker dribbled the whole length. The rush was stopped by Thorns' ; Walker not to be baulked, went for the ball, and for a moment or two, within about six inches of the Oldham line, there was a perfect maze of " bottle green "and " red and white" to say nothing of legs and arms. Just as Walker was getting c'ear, however, the whistle sounded. Jolley got the next shie at the Oldham goal, but it was a poor attempt. Some goad passing by Oldham was the next feature. Ike Taylor was tackled, Davies relieved, but at ince transferred to Williams,who went for the line at topmost speed, and scored as Houghton was on to him with a pounce. Too tate however, for the try was registered. Frater failed to improve. Oldham with ease got the length of the field, but Wilkinson saved, and Walker getting under the ball came in for well merited praise with another fine dribble In which be was ably aasisted by his fellow forwards, but just as he was getting dangerous the whistle sounded. Half-time: Oldharn,2 goals,3 tries (13 points); Runeorn, nil.

Meflat'kieked off for the re-start, and skied the ball, giving his men plenty of time to aet under. After a mix up of both teams, Williams received the ball clean into

F".—SKIN RUGS Dressed Cleaned, and Line Fur alterations of every description. B. Coos Manufacturing Furrier, 21Renshaw-atreet, rp0,31. Es' tabliabed 24 years

===== 0002601_18980930_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
his hands from out the pack, and to race over vial the work of an instant. Frater again failed to improve. It was now noticed that Jolley had not turned out for Run- corn, as he got somewhat hurt towards the close of the first ball. Oldham attacked and Butterworth and Houghton saved. From the scrimmage both team? had a turn, Runcorn then pressed. Houghton seeing a chance tried a drop at goal, Davies rushed it down, and accomplished one of the finest runs of the match, show" jug a clean pair of heels to everyone of his opponents,and placing the ball fairly between the sticks. Lees took the kick, which had the arpearance of being sent ever ; but as the point was not credited, it became evident that he had failed. Oldham now shone at their best, and good passing was witnessed time after time. Houghton was obliged to kick dead. Davies made away in fine style, passed to Ike Taylor,who rashed over just at the corner. Houghton brought him down; but the try was awarded to Taylor, although, when he touched down, his legs were well over the touch-line. Frater's kick, from a most difficult position was a good one and only just missed. Shortly afterwards,Runcorn got away by means of a free kick. Lees picked up and cleared,having no ene to beat but Houghton. Then Sammy astonished both Oldham and the few Runcorn spectators with a phenomenal display of speed—(wherebe got it from was surprising), but he got there—and hauled in Les by the scruff of the neck with one hand. It was good, and saved an otherwise certain try. The next tiature of interest was the good humoured way in which the crowd applauded the referee for catching one of the Oldham forwards, at a piece of sharp practice. Runcorn once more indulged in a little foot work and carried the play into the Oldham quartets; Tomlinson almost got in, but Thomas averted danger. Then followed another splen- did piece of work on the part of the Runcorn pack, who were now far superior to that of Oldham. Slashing into each other hammer and tow; the game developed a little roughly. Houghton tried to get a try, and dragged three of the Oldham men with him before he gave up. Beeping up the pressure, Butter% orth collared a wide pass, and bolted for the home line. He got over, and scored a brilliant try. Houghton made a miserable attempt at goal. This reverse put Oldham fairly on their metal, and for a time Houghton was busy clear- ing his charge at all hazards, being compelled to kick into touch more than once. Oldham got a lucky try, through Lees, who was making for the visitors line without any chance of getting there, dropping the I ball and kicking over the Runcorn goal line, at the same time on-siding Davies who was well ahead of him, thus leaving Davies nothing to do but put his hand on the ball. I Lees converted this with a fine kick. The game came a little nearer the Oldham quarter, and several attempts were made by the Runcorn team, who played with splendid tenacity to get a further advantage but to no purpose. Davies got a further try, but the kicker failed It, place it. Runcorn prses-d and with memo further footwork proved very dangerous. Thomas cleared with a huge kick. Time was called with Runcorn nreseing : Final result : Oldham : 3 goals, 7 tries, 27 points ; Runcorn: 1 try, 3 points.

MORECAMBE v. ST. HELENS. P:ayed at Morecambe on Saturday. Morecanabe los- ing the toss, had to lice the sun. Directly alter the start Morecsralos missed a good opening through pass- ing forward. After even play Morecambe got well into the vislors' quarter, but were ruled hack. St. Helens retaliated, a dead ball resulting. Wi'son was then res- nonsible for an invasion of the visitors' territory. Briers ' lost possession near the line, but Traynor directly after- wards scored at the corner, but failed to convert. Had- wen and Jackson gained a foctine in the visitor's quarter, but from a serious of scrummages in front of the posts the Saints gradually worked the ball out of danger, transferring it to the opposite end, and Altham was forced over the line. One of the visitors backs dropped at goal, but failed to score. Foulkes soon afterwards was lucky to save. Half-time score :—St. Helens, three points ; Morecamb3 oil. The opening stages of the second half were of an exciting characetr. The Seasiders got possession repeatedly, and their three- quarters showed creditable passing, but they they were unable to score. Altham and Airton at length carried play from one end of the field to the other by means of a good run, when the latter was thrown into touch. Simpson was afterwards held on the line, but after a short run dodged over and scored the second try for St. Helens. Traynor improved. With eight points against them, the Seasiders struggled gamely, Altharn and Hadwen being to the fore with good runs. The referee ordered Blacow, one of the heme half backs, off the field for obstruction. The visitors pressed up ts the call of time, Briers effecting a splendid run, but no addition was made to the score. Result :—St. Helens, eight points ; Morecambe. nil.

- . WARRINGTON v. WIDNES. •• A " fRAMS. On Saturday last these " A " teams met on the Wit- ' derspool ground before a good attendance of spectators. The teams lined up as follows : Warrington, full back, Hallam ; three-quarter backs, Pendlebury, Cross,HeEson, and Ratcliffe; half-backs,Allen, and Houghton; forwards Swift, Hatton, Jolley, Hill, Andrews, Robey, Wilcox, and Cunningham. Widnes : full back, Kinselly ; three- quarters, Hughes. Alford, Jones and Cullen ; half-back, O'Brien, and Hickey; forwarda,Grace, Leyshon,Murray, Hamlin, Thomas, Forshaw, Goulding, and Emery. The homeaters kicked off and took the ball up well, the visitors checking the pressure by good punting. With some clever passing Andrews got the ball and secured a try, which was not converted. Warrington again had matters their own way and Pendlebury getting posses- sion made a good run but was atopped by the Widnes backs not far off the line. Toe WidneAans pressed and took the game into the other half. The home team played well together and a fine punt recovered the lost ground. Pendlebury intercepted a pass from a Wicincs man close to half way and having a fairly clear field, sprinted with the ball. One man tiied to stop his career but was handed off without mon difficulty, and a try secured aftrr a splendid run. The try was not con- verted and at half-time the soon was 6 points in favour of Warrington. Widnes for a short time threatened the Warrington quarters, but Hallam who had throughout played a safe game punted out of danger. The game at this stage was contested by both sides most doggedly ; every yard of the ground b3ing fought for. Play was slightly in favour of Warringt in,when Cross msrked,and a Widnes forward coolly grassed him. Play was stopped and amidst the hooting of the swctatore, the referee or- dered the man off the field. Whets resumed play devel- oped into a series of punts until a Widnegian tried to mark but did not succeed, and Warrington pressing forced the game and another score looked likely when the whistle blew leaving Warrington victorious by two tries to nil.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASEIIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON S. MARY'S V. LATCIII7O-12-D-RANGERS. Much interest was centred in this impott int local match, and a good number of spectators lined the enclo- sure at Liverpool-road on Saturday. The engagement was in connection with the Lancashire Junior League and both sides put their best available team on the field. Burton being included in the St. Mary's fifteen. Latch- ford kicked off with a bright sun in their faces. The opening stages went in favour of the St. Mary's men, Burton putting in several capital runs. Patrick was prominent in helping the visitors ont of difficulties, and a rush down the field by the visiting forwards almost ended in something tangible being scorod,over-eagerness militating against their efforts. The St. Mary's men

again returned to tbe attack an Lawless was pushed ill touch at the corror flag. A moment later Burton CUT prised spectators and players alike by dropping a mar nificent goal, For the remainder of the first half plat was of an even nature, and when the teams change ends. St. Mary's were leading by two points to nil. Restarting, the game was hotly contested, each end being visited in turn. Potts, Patrick, and Elliott put its some good play for the vishors, but the home forwards succeeded in heeling out at almost every scrimmage. and the St. Mary's backs were given line opportunities to score, several of which went a begging. Deakio broke away from a scrimmage' but the advantage was lost through lack of support. Shortly afterwards Burtoris who played a fins game,on receiving a pass from Ramat!, distinguished himself by dropping a second goal. Towards the close of the game be made a dash for the line, but he was grassed when almost over. A close,' contested game ended in a win for St. Mary's by two dropped goals (four points) to Latchford Rangers nil. FLETCHER RUSSELL. AND CO. 9. RUNCORN HORNETS.

I

This match was played at Runcorn on Saturday, 01 Engineers placing atnther creditable win to their recent; successes, defeating the Hornets by eight points to nil, During the first half the visitors thawed superior corn.' bination,and Warburton opened the scoring by a fine gush This was supplemented by Radford adding a clever US' after a smart dodgy run. In the seaond half the Ware rington team had again the best of matters, and Foders was requonsible far the only score during this half, the visitors winning as stated above.

ASSOCIA.TION FOOTBALL. WARRINGTON OLYMPICS RESERVE V. THELWALIo—Thig engagement took place at Mill-lane on Saturday after' noon. The home team played a superior game' througlil out and won easily by six goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
OBSERVE YOULSELF.

A condition of perfect health is indicated when tbt pulse is strong and steady, when the eyes are bright an the mind clear, when the heart-beats are strong sec' regular, when the step is firm and dastic—when,in fact* each and every organ of the body is performing it! proper functions in a proper manner. If these condition,' are not present, something is wrong. Nature needs belP At such times Warner's Safe Cure will be found of groat; benefit. It will assist Nature to repair the waste svhichl has taken place. It will repel disease while this building' up process is going on. Tnis is the dangerous tirne,the time when the germs of disease find lodgment in till° weakened tissue. Warder's Safe Cure prevents this. Lit is the greatest known antiphlogistic—removiog inflal2l" mation and congestion—expelling uric acid and other waste matter, and enriches the blood and stimulates the circulation. Any derangements of the liver, kidney& and stomach, which form the laboratory of the hums" organism, are promptly removed by Warner's Safe cv

No disesse can exist, sibere the above organs are act properly.

32

===== 0002601_18980930_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
DIRESBURY ADJOURNED LICENSINO

SESSIONS.

A RETAIL WINE AND SPIRIT LICENSE FOR STOCKTON EIEATH. The adjourned annual licensing meeting at Daresburi was held at the Coutt House on Tuesday. Mr. Wittig* Long presided on the beech and the other magistre:a° present were Captain Rodger, Mr. C. H. Broadbent, Mr' Talbot, and Mr.Nield. THE MULBERRY TREE INN. Mr. Peers Brimelow applied for the transfer of the cense of the Mulberry Tree Inn to himgelf.—The Chair- man : Is this a free house ?—Mr. Brimelow : No it is 16 leased house to Messrs. Greene!! Whitley and Compac' —The Chairman: Are you going there as their servant? —Mr. Brimelow : No I am a tenant.--The applicatiori was granted. A STOCKTON HEATH GROCER GETS A WINE ANV

SPIRIT LICENSE. Mr. Arthur Browne raid he was instructed to applt on behalf of John Henry Erricks, for a retail spiel' license and a license to sell wine to ba consumed off th 6 premises at a shop situated at the corner of Old Loudon' road and Fairfield-road, close to the Stockton Heel' Swing Bridge. If he (Mr. Browne) complied with eel': fain requirements the Bench were compelled to gran; the license. It was a grocer's shop in the occupation LA; Messrs. Russell, Helsel! and Company. Limited, 0, Liverpool, and they proposed to supply their customer' with bottles of wine and spirits in the quantities stip& lated by the Act. John Henry Errieks was then called and said he Wat!, manager of the grocera shop situated at the corner Old London-road, Stockton Heath. He was applyiog for a retail wine and spirit license. The rent of OA shop was £4O, and its assessable value £27. Miss Sarah Whitlow and Mr. Sullen gave evidence a 9 to giving the necessary notices. Mr. Long (to Mr. Browne) : I noticed that you SO the proprietors of the shop were a limited liability 00 pany. Do we grant this license to them ? Mr. Browne: No; you cannot. It has been held that you can only grant it to the manager of the shop. Y' cannot give a license to a limited company. Mr. Long : We have to gr tnt the license to the vent. Is it the usual habit of the firm ?

Mr. Browne: I cannot say. The managers of shops of Messrs Lipton, Limited, take out these licenSeb Captain Rodger: How is that if is servant is the pa: son entitled to the license, the shop must be Of so muCP value ? Mr. Browne: It is done in the case of hotels where th 6 manager takes out the license although he does not ovi: the hotel. And then a lirn tel liability company coul not hold the license becsuse the licensing acts could WI be supervised if they did. It must be taken out in th°, name of some individual who is responsible for carrylali•

out of the licensing acts. Superintendent O'ked said he had no objection to the application. All the requirements bad been satisfactora fulfilled. The application was granted.

RARE FRENCH IS ENGLISH WORKS

Curios, Facetice, Illustrations, &c. VERY VALUABLE PRIVAI N. COLLECTION. CATALOGLIR 2/.. POSTAGE H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's/ X PARIS.

JOHN WALKER & Has an established reputation for givinl cafe° and prompt at•antfon to the wants of all Custottl and its facilities rot the production of Good WOl- - of every kind tt —from the sm.llest typlgraphio to the biggest mural" Mammoth " are available the public, at prices which are strictly modern,d Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing ill bane of business men. They find it doesn't 0,7 have it even the lowest tender"

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS. &el PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIAN 3,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES

I

A

s itiheulee nP eeegb:j ss: Ora: . of so mueD .otels where the 1 he does not osigs ,ty company could _rising acts could WI st be taken out in reeponsible for carryioN, no had no objection to the .nents bad been satisfactorili ,ranted. (RENON ENGLISH WORKS drios, Facetice, Illustrations, &c. ~RY VALUABLE PK IVAI H. COLLECTION. CATALOGUE 2/.. POSTAGE BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's, X PARIS. 'ts triO ta xte, *id •

===== 0002601_18980930_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lift

===== 0002601_18980930_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ine;ii.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
W&RRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX rURES.

POINTS. POE AGIIT •Sept. --dvelnton, h 3 3 10—Oldham, h 0 ...... 9 17—St. Helene, h 3 ...... 0 24—Widnes, a . oot. 1_ Salford, a B—Morecambe, h

15—Barrow, h 22—Rochdale H.. a 29—Tyldeely h IWO?. _s—Millom, a

12—Broughton R., h 19—Oldham. a 26—Morecambe a atc. 3—Barrow, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, h 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 31—Swinton, a lin. 2- 7—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. h 21 —Tyldesley, a 23—Stockport, a Veb. 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford. h 18—St. Helens, a 25—Broughton it., a Ear. 4—Rochdale H., h 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie 31—Milioxt, h aPt. I—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn, a B—Hull K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W., a

===== 0002601_18980930_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES.

POINTS. PON AGST

3 Sept. 3—Wigan. a 4 10- 17—Salford, la 24-01dham, a wgZ. I—Leigh. h

a

15—Cheshire v Lancashire

29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, Roy. 6—Morecambe, h 12—Salford, a 19—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton R., h Dec. 3

10—Swinton, h 17—Rochdale H., Ii 24—Broughton 8., a 26—Warrington. a 31—Ty1dee1ey, h 'JaL 2—St. Helens, a 7—Swinton, a 14—wigan.h Stockport, 11 46—Leigh. a Fels. 4—St. Helens, h 11—Morecambe, a 15—Widnes. h 25—Rochdale H.. a Rat. 4—Oldham, h 11—Stockp0rt, a &Pr. 3—Warrington, h

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

2 6 3 27

PO/NTH. TOR 4.GEIT

liellt. 3—St. Helens, b 10 2 s.o—Wigan, a 8 0 17—Morecambe, 4. 24—Warri n g to la , h Ott: I—Tyldesley, a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cbeshire,

B—Runcorn, _ _ . _

22—Leigb, h 29-lochdale H.. a ••• ain't s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, 12—Swinton, a

_l3—tlalford, h 4.!",—St. Ilelens, a Des,o--„ Laneathlre v Cumberland, "—Oldham, a 17—Mo r ecambe, h 24—Reeladele IL, h 26—.

31—Leigh, a am. z

- 7—Stockport, a 14—Stockport, h 21—Salford, a 1, 28—Broughton R., a "b. 4—Tvldesley, h 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 25—Oldham. h liar. 4—Broughton R.. h 11—Warringt0n, a aPt• 3—Swinton, h

ST, HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

POINTS. FOR ACM'

Dept. I—Salford (friendly), a - M. 3—Widnes, a 10—Broughton R., 11 17—Warrington, a 24—Morecambe, a Ott. I—Oldham, h B—Rochdale H., h 15—Lancaster, a 22—Swinton, a

29—Wigan, a soy. s—LeTab, h --

. _ 12—Wigan, h 19—Leigh, a 26—Widnes, h 1360. 3—Birkenhead W., h 10—Broughton R., a 17.—.

24—Salford, a 26—Tyldeiley. h 31— h% 2—Runcorn. h 7—Salford. h 14—Swinton, I. 21—Birkenhead W., a

, ii—oldharn, a ' 76% 4—Runcorn. a 11—Ty1des1ey, a 18—Warrington, h

liar. 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale H., a 31--Stockport. h 3—Lancaster, h B—Morecambe, h

i" °lloWing matches will be played on ;Saturday. October m.. ".6 Lancashire Senior Competition, the game being v. on the ground of the first-named club:— ford v Warrington t7ldesley v Widnes t, Helens v Oldham iricOrn v Leigh kWillton v Rochdale Hornets zsZorecarnbe v Wigan

tik.,l4,Resj°(:), NISTS Commeneing.—See Illustrated Gnoiad Aou Li °I. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co.,lB6,Buston-rd alk‘ressera fltted.—Ntralger R MYEaB.—Acirt.

245 p.m

===== 0002601_18980930_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ordinary Postage.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-0 Ron.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 .•

11-10 -.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROUSE— *Rarlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Eiwß-OincEs— *Ashton Collins Green *Goiborne Lowton Stubslaaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m, 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane,Newton, Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Ratios). (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Gelborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel _

5, 10 a.m„ 12 noon, 2&

_ . 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m Ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I Nil. 110-15 a.in

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Bark town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, ll,irkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Widivta & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, Bt. Helens, and

Chester

Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, Chester Loudon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, gastem Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

ITo Callers.

7 • a.m. 10-30 10-45 .. 111-30 „ 111-45

1 12-0

42-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 13-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
By Postmen. 7-O a.m.

11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980930_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MAILS. Extra id. Stamp. Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, , inixton, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and South Wales ... 2-28 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 3-10 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. 8-10 SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1898

RAILWAYiNIME TABLE.

OCTOBER

FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge-4 10, 730 8 12, 10 20, 15, 2 55, 620.50, 720 Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altcar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31, 1 14. a 3 19. a 40 a 90. 47 . Sun lays 936, 25,93. a Stops if reguiren. Birmingham (L lc N.-W.) a 3 0. 63 23, 710.7 35, 950. 10 40, 120, 1 50. 2 35,320, 520. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0.10 15,4 5 1135, aMondays excepted. b Mondays only, Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 58, 1255, 3 20, 50 6 55.11 52. Sundays 11 45. 425, 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29.5 45, 835, 955, 11 41, 1 15, 2 40,6 48, 850 Sundays 843,60. Blackpool-5 29, 545, 835, 956, 11 0,12 25,1 15,2 40,3 50 4 61, 6 48, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 6 0. Bolton-5 45,8 25.10 20, 1214.1 3.5,3 30,3 35,4 26, 6 53,7 17 920, Sundays 843 a.m., 5 15. 8 28, p.m. Carlisle-2 35 am, 7 47,9 65.11 40.12 25,2 15, 348 6 48. Sun- days 2 37. 335. Chester-7 37.8 17,9 5,10 23,11 47,12 25, 1 18. 1 40,2 10,3 13 4 22,5 11,6 4. 7 42. 1014, 1132. Sundays 1036,7 45,11 32. Collins Green'-75. 810. 925.1010. 12 7, 1 15,3 35. 520, I 658,7 8, 925. 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 68, 6323, 7 10, 950. 950, 10 20. 11 35.12 0, 15, 150, 5 3, 520. 622.7 20.7 56,11 35. Sundays 253.10 16, 4 6,11 35. aMondays excepted. bblondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 30. 2 10.3 15, 511.64. 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 con• Derby (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 411, 50, 6 55, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Barlestoart-7 5,8 35,9 25,10 10, 12 7, 12 25, 1 15. 3 35,5 10, 6 58, 7 8,9 25.10 30.Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.rn. 4 56,6 0.9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 15, 9 45. 11 53. 1 55, 3 20. 5 20, 6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 8 48. 2 40. 7 60. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5. 1023, 1230. 2 10, 3 15. 4 22„ 5 11, 6 4 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 757. 831. 95. 120 18. 2 15. 40. 70, 80. b 9 40. 210 20. 11 39 Sundays 90, 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. naturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 629. 956, 11 41, 1225. 2 40, 6 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 925. 1225, 1 15, 3 50, 520, 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hon& Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95. a 9 30, 120. 18, 215. 40. 60, 70. 80, 69 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 1125, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 82,7 0, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,90, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 22. 3 38.4 11.5 18, 6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 75. 8 10, 835 11 0, 12 7, 1225. 115, 520.78. 1030. Sundays 35, 510 630, 835, 843. 328. 466, 60, 9 54. From High Level Plat form. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815, 10 9 1153, 155. 3 20,5 20, 6 17,8 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95. 10 24, 120,13,18.215,40. 6 18. 70, 8 0, 69 4U 10 25 1046. 11 39 Sundays 9 1,9 55.11 25,2 39.7 10, 9 18.10 18,10 33, csaturdays only. a Except bldonday except Saturdays. London L. &N. W.)-2 580, a 323, 7 10, 9 50, 10 20, 11 35 120.1 50, 5 3,5 2J,622,11 34. c und4ys 2 58,10 15, 45, 11 35, aMondays excepted. bblondays only. London (Midland)-6 1, 8 46, 955, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52. Sundays 9 67 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm-6 20. 7 22, 80. 90, 9 58, 7049, 1 14, a 2 22 3 38, 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78. 47 45. 927. Sundays 850. 38 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) a 2 50, 63 10, 64 45.5 45. 7 5, 8 10 826. 835. 919, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15,2 20. 3 32, 4 20, 5 20, 615 60,7 17,8 5 9 20.10 30. Sundays 3 10.5 15,7 40,8 43 a.m..5 0 7 47, 828. FrOni High Level Platform. ablendays only Mondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55. 10 46. 1 11, 3 35. 49, 610. 7 6, 9 10. 1140. Sundays 846. 3 5, 8 10, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 65, 92, 9 55, 10 65, 11 23,11 65, 12 55,, 155, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 6 55, 6 55, 70. 755, 8 12, 855, 9 15. 955, Sundays 937, 35. 315 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 25, 9 35. 10 0. Middlewich-7 30, 1020. 2 256, 5355.7 20.69aturdays only, Moore-7 30,10 20,1 54,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 1.0 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45.750, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14,12 25.1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20, 6 53 7 17,9 20, 9 50,10 30. Sundays 3 10,7 40.8 43, a,m.. 3 35, 50, 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cMondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 65,8 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44,2 40. 355.528,70. 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 856, 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 35, I Preston-2 37. 529, 5 45, 835. 955, 110, 11 12, 12 25, ' Z 40, 3 48, 444, 6 48, 7 17, 847, 9 40,a9 50. Sundays,2 37, 18 43, 3 35, 6 0 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.8 15. 9 45, 1163, 156, 320. 5 20, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 756, 9 5, 105. 11 5, 120, 1 6, 15, 258, 40, 5 29. 60, 70.80. a 9 .30, 610 20. 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 2 39, 9 3,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cblondays only. (0.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 1055, 1256, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, St.Heleus-5 32, 75,8 10,8 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115,3 35, 5 20, 620,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 835. 8 43, 6 0,9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 11, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 1 14, 319, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 936, 2 5, 93, aSatur- days only. Thelwall-6 20, 722.8 0. 9 0,9 68,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613.7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850, 3 8, 812. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756. 95 105, 11 0, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 9 40, ab 40, 610 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39. 9 18, aSaturday exebpted. bSaturdays tdy. Widnes (L. and N.-W-)-7 38, 8 15, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 540,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 750. Wigan-2 37, 529. 5 45, 7 10,8 35, 956, 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 615 2 40, 3 48, 4 44, 5 20. 6 40, 7 17,8 47,9 40,9 55. Sunday, 237, 843. 3 35, 60.9 54.

TO WAILUIBUTON FILOM

Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 35, 8 52, 11 43, 3 28, 4 45, 20, 820 iundays 7 b 3, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8, 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays

9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 9 5, 11 35, 2 5 340, 550,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 40 6 45. MO 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. 5/Cx- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48.12 25.1 55,3 47, 5 27,6 35, 750, Sun dayd,B 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 9, is 3,8 45, 9 55, 1035. 11 40, 12 35 2 23,3 15,3 37, 4 5,5 15,7 0, 8 35,10 o.Sundays 7 25,1 35, 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central) -65, 725, 755, 825. 8 55, 10 20 11 25,1 5,2 10,2 55,4 10,6 15, 815,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 5 0 840. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40.10 35,11 15,12 15,2 20, 415,5 10, 5 55, 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 615, 925 p.m. aSatur - days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 840, 10, 25, 422, 5 15, 730. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41. 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a. 'I LP, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 228. 3 0,3 56.4 55.5 5,6 35.7 35, 8 5, 8 35. Sundays 232, 435, 6 30, 8 4) a,m 6 55, 7 47, 8 0,. p.m. aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39,7 16,8 42,109, 11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 5 35,4 6,5 38. 623,7 47, 916. 1046. Sundays 8 10. a.m., 715. rewe-2 1. 4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 25, 2 45, 415. 65. 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 7 10, 245. 40 920. Daresbury-8 16, 1017, 11 43. 2 47, 5 48, 8 47. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 737 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 935, 107, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, al2 35,3 53,3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 655. o 35. aßxcept

londays. Harlestown-6 51. 846, 9 32, 11 3. 12 51, 5 52. 5 38, 5 30, 7 33, 8 3 9 15, 11 52, al2 0, Sundays 834, 952.95. 724. aSaturdays only. Fiddler's Ferry & I'enketh-7 12, 95,9 45, 1224, 2 9, 3 27, 57, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 822, 257, 52. Frodham-7 55, 90, 102, 11 27, 232,47, 6 27, 6 58, 832. Sundays 9.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 48 120, 12 56. 211, 32, 420. 4 56. 69, 556, 657, 724 93. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 12.4 42, 6 51. 854. Glasgow-a 9 5, 105, 20, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, Mondays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 12 28.2 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 9 40, 75. Ilough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103. 1055, 19, 150, 222 316, 5 23, 67, 7 11, 7 38, 9 18. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 26, 3 45,4 45,9 4 9 10. Irlam sad Cadishead (Central)-7 39, 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 1059, 653, 8 43. 10 0. Latchford-7 52. 840. 934, 102, 11 17, 120. al 45. 213 30, 4 22, 5541, 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 .55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 16. 1 30, 3 20, 4 25. 4 50. t. .55.7 5,8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40 'Mondays only. Via Widnes 6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 60, 12 30, 1 25,2 40, 3 35, 420 520.65. 830, 1045. Sundays 7.35. 2 10, 715. 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 30. 630. 7 10 7 40. 833. 938, 10 20, 10 33, 11 60, 12 35. 1 55, 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 635 a, 75, 80, 840, alo 45, 5110. Sundays 80. 90. 2 30. 2 50, 4 20. 6 30, 8 33, aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15, 10 25, 11 30, 12 15, 230, 4 15, 5 30,10 Oa, 12 0,. Sundays 12 0. aSatutday night only. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5,12 10, 20, 40, 5 a 9 15. 120, Sun -aye 120, 315. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-7 5, 832' 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 50, 4 14, 55 33, 5 t 9, 641, 7 41, 9 33, 1119. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & e, 7 45. 85. 95. 9 40, 11 5, 1123. 12 40,1 5, 2 35, 3 0, 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 5 15.7 10,9 20, 10 4u. 11 CaSuudays, 80,8 30 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 10 40. From Exchange. aSaturdays only. I Manchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50. 9 25. 10 35, 12 35, 16, 20, 3 40, 555. 520,65, 75, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 730 6 30. 1 40,b5aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. I Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 35, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30. 12 45, 1 3), 230,330,430,448.63, 30, 833. 955, a 1035, 110. Sundays. 830, 9 10, 9 30, 10 40, 1 40. 20.2 5, 635, 830. aSaturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96. 11 57, 3 40, 50. 783. Sundays, 819, 458 Newton 6 55, 726, 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 112, 11 30, 12 48. 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 85, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 3,2, 37, 47, 458. ,5 10, 5 35. Sundays 8 30, 9 49, 10 0. 3 40. 7 20 , 11 5. Padgate 7 51, 8 26, 90.10 6a 1 9a. 210. 3 12a, 5 181 7 3a. 9 25a. A Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Sundays 63. 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 4 5, 5 50, 6 25, 8 15. 9 5 9 26. 10 10, 11 28, 1215. 30, 3 55, 4 35, 6 40, 6 45, 7 37, 80, 8 30, 945. 110. Sundays 2 9, 45, 835. 30, 6 10, 10 47. 236. Runcorn 8 25, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 125.32, 440 ,5 44, 623, 830. Sankey-6 53, 756, 8 31, 925. 1020. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36,2 0, 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,934. Sundays, 8 49, 108, 340, 57. 928. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 52, 55, 70.85. Sundays, 810,65. St Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 20. 125, 2 46, 430, 550, 820, Sundays, 745.25. 725. Southport-8 5, 10 20, 11 15,12 50, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55. 70. 810 95, 9 40. Sundays, 90,20, 8 0. Thelwall-7 48, 8 36. 730. 958. 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 55, 4 1 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45, 937, 1123. Sundays, 8 19, 229, 71 Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 915. 1010. 11. 12, 12 25, 2,1 30, 3 25. 4 25, 5 29, 6 12. 7 16, 7 56, 9 25, 11 42, a Sun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 9 20, a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. & N. W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33, 10 30, 12 16, 12 59, 2, 3 20. 3 58, 50, 555, 646, 96. 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 54, 11 6, Wigan-239, 35, 6 33, 8 15, 9 31, 10 0, 11 23, 1 31, 230 0, 5 0, 5 20, 6 5, 7 36, 9 0, 10 35. Sundays, 239,930 325. 55, 11 13.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . .. .. , . . . . . . . . , . .• so , . .. . .. •,, •,........ ~...,...•.„. .. •. .. , n .. •• . I • . . . . ..., . .„ . .. . . .. ' , ... ... ..... •. ...... .: • . , . . .

RINGS; BROOCHES, BRACELETS, PINS, PENDANTS, NECKLACES; HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LINKS,

SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS.

At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval. • Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cutlery, post free.

FLORILINE I—Pele 17IZ TEEM AND BREATII.—ThoroaRbI I fI_TORIAL % from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prem.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the oleabses the teet 111 teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance I I'd The Pictorial tutor to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for I being published at Nett sem the /gorillas "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— I Price, it cannot be obtained of to ")". Adv • anybook or musicseller unders/- 20, -

'Magazi

Ludgal

Steam Factory: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C.; 25, OLD BOND ST., Yi., 2.3, ROYAL EXCHANGE, LC., LONDON.

NOFORT E TOR NET 250 PAGES (Pull Music Size.) • Descriptive Prospectus The most re- POST contain. 70 illustrations Postyree on application markable & cheap- and over ase Songs szine of Music" Office, est book ever published. Dances, Carols , Anthems, tte Hill, London, B.C. She Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

t.Y ..AA:' ....,,...."-.44 0 I,t. 0 .tor 'a . i ' -1 ;',,' .. 'llk • 4 '. sly ~,, _ f 4. -. ,:;:.' 6., ,q. .90 -f;', , . ~.: . 4., it Y. --- 40,... ~,, , , -..-6: . st, 0..., ie, A,- ._.,...„7. ... ~ /, ~7.,z,,,. g tz.A..:74:-/ , .--..4.- .0..- ~. .., ..1, ..., ~, '- ....=% / ..-1. ,•••• • '

===== 0002601_18980930_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ICP3MIILNKIIVr'S

Fig az Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
OETRIEAsm's

- _,

FOR ALL . BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ~ISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEr.cnAm. St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 1!;c1., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980930_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARNER'S

5.A..w300 tOtrztE

HAS SO EQUAL FOR

LIVER TROUBLES,

G-AL.I. S'I`ONES,

INDIGESTION. A Wife.

SYRESHAM, BRACKLRY, NORTH HANTS. —" For over ten years I suffered from ex- treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. Failing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried, I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. I took it for about five months, and as a result fully recovered my former good health, which I have enjoyed ever since. It is now five years since my recovery, and I have suf- fered no relapse of the unpleasantsymptoms." —(Mrs.) MARY ANN HART. Clergyman. 4

RUGBY, STRETTON - UNDER - FOSSE.— " Nothing suits me so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL.

Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/6 pee battie, of Chemists & Dealers.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
P AINSTAKIN G PRINTERS are now- days sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastetully arranged PROB-RAMMRS. BOOKS OF WORDS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR ALL,

JOHN WALKER AND CO., ‘4 EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

===== 0002601_18980930_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

PRINTING! PRINTING! THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER," TJNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIET lES, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN WHO ARE WEAK.

MEN who are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS and MYSTERIOUS Preparations to no GOOD PURPOSE oink to write in confidence when the Physician will send you tut particulars FREE as to how all eases of NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES, can be SUCCESSFULLY and PER" NENTLY CURED,

Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to THE COLLINS REMEDY Co., GOTHIC HOUSE, 9,ERSKINS STREET. LIVERPOOL. Please name this paper

===== 0002601_18980930_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18980930_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
1•

, 41: .! !,!41

I

' Ij ' . „.

T„ Hl:5 '7C

.

I '

.leX 1 441,14.,; , t

, • I.`r.-.. '

,

, , '

===== 0002601_18980930_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

,d 4 F

===== 0002601_18980930_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980930_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
1 I , :

I

,t • - •

===== 0002601_18980930_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t.;

===== 0002601_18980930_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- . . - -tt

I

I

===== 0002601_18980930_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PRELIMINARY NOTICE. T" WARRINGTON CRICKET AND BOWLING CLUB'S SECOND ANNUAL BALL will take place at the PARR HALL on FRIDAY, the 2.`-th NOVEMBER NEXT. CHARLES H. UNS WORTH. Hon. See.

PATTISOIi AND PERKINS, 171 SANKEY Sr.. WARRINGTON.

. , OPEN TO-DAY,

SAIIIRDAY,BSEPTEMBER 10Trr,

WITH A NEW STOOK OF

MANTLES, JACKETS,

GENERAL DRAPERY.

DON'T -WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily .large .packets of Seeds

when a smaller quantity will suffice.

BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONB PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities,

===== 0002601_18980930_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESS OPINIONS.

" We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propoundel."—" Peter- borough Standard." • "" "

- - - "A; experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained In larger and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times."

===== 0002601_18980930_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF VEGETABLS. AND FLOWER SEEDS

'SENT GRATIS ALSO POST FREE.

Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Mardy Plants, U., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a eomplete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BELFAST HOUSE.

JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l.) lic generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

HAND WOVEN DAMASK•TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS,IPILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRESS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at

BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES

ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWN/SATRE 11017 SE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BiaRaNGRAm. HARRYVILLE FAcToRT, BALLTMERE.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAg CHHSTBR. CONCENTRATED .; MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Eloaete, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags. carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disippointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, Indoor and4Estatee Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hail, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd.. Altrincharn, Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. J. S. °ALLARD. Brookfield', Baddiley, near Nantwich.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSMEN, BASNETT.STREET, AND AMBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL.

TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. AC. Pure Evergreen Dwat f Lawn Grass Seeds. 15. PER Lb. 845. PER CWT. CARRIAGE PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN GRASS SEEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups of Evergreens. Trees, and Shrubs, for which we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886, Ana which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration of all visitors. We supplied last season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. HIGHEST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA.

T. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SFECIA.LITIBS IN GUNS AND CYCLES,

ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLES.

New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGR-STRIIRT, WARRINGTON.

CAUTION.—BEIVARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLie BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " ONLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant Fnzsatan, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. London From Dr. B. J. BOLLTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct,Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at tothethe effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, Lsee Lancet, Ist December. 1864. ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- rillcballi:

===== 0002601_18980930_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
JAMES TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STR BET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, coves. Am removed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Xarine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. bLAUGHTER YAbD, LONGFORD. PeTABLISILED 1870.

7Lettrrs to the Otlitnr.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SA.NKEY PARISH COUNCIL.

This Council met in the Board Shoalg, Great Sa-drey, on Monday evening. Mr. Jo3eph Wr ght pre.idscl, acd there were also present :—Xlesers. G. fhlmpso a Thomas IDlshaw. William Taylor. T. Halton, Thomas Cook, with Mr. J. Smith (clerk).

THANICIDTG THE LATE PO3TMASTER. The Clerk stated that in acc)rdince with the instruc- tions of the Council he wrote to Mr. West the late W4f- rington postmaster, thankinz him for the improved p)s- tal facilities at Great Sankey.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY COUNCIL AND -GRHAT SANKEY FOOTPATHS.

- Mr. Campbell H. Sadler, deputy clerk of the County Council, wrote on the 17th inst. as f Mow!. "I brought your latter of the sth inst before the Main Read and Bridges Committee at titer meeting on the 14th inst., when I was directed to inform you that tla,y cannot re- commend the County Council to flag the footpath !e td- log from Sankey Bridges to the Bird Sthools on the Liverpool and Manchest,r man road. and that a foot. path cannot be constructed oppssite Tower View and South View, owing to the garden walls of thess proper- ties having boers erected in such a pesition as to make it impossible to construct a footpath without taking in a portion of the macadarezed r iadway." The Clerk pointed out that be male no mention of "flagging "in his letter. He was of opinim that the County Surveyor had inspected the place ani had recommended the use of flirts, which the committee had not seen its way to adopt. Th 3 Clerk also ref me Ito the singular fact that toere was no mention in the com• munication of the Bridges question which the County Council had been requested to consider. After some discussion in which the opinion' Wig pressed that the footpaths needed immediate attention, it was decided on the motion of Mr. Ilaltenospcmded by Mr. Thompson, that the Clerk write to the C sway Council calling their attention to the fat that, the bridges question was still unattended to thit in the event of Use County Surveyor visiting the district a deputation of the Council wou'd be pie tsed tl meet him.

THE MORTUARY QUESTION -LETTER FROM THE LOCAL - GOVERNMENT BOARD. . .

Mr. A. D. Adrian, assistant;;;;;Cary to the Local Government floar, wrote " I am directed by the Lonal Government B 9ard to advert to yceir letter of ths 26th of April last, and in reply to your enquiry as regal* is the power of the overseers or of the Parish Cannel to provide a place for the rec-ption of dead badies fund in the parish, I am to state that in view of the powers which the R Ira% District Council possess for this pur- pose the Board consider thst it is disiirihla that the matter should be brcug,ht before the District Council. In reply to your enquiry with returnee to the newer; of the overseers as regards the bur at of dead hcdios Umni in the Sankey Canal, lam to state that the Board are not prepare I to express an opinion whether these case; come within the provision of Section 1 of the Buriil of Drowned Pe,song Act, 1808, as extended by the Amend- ing Act of 1888. but they may observe that they consider that the expression ' navigable waters in the latter act may be coos trtPd as meaning waters an which the public have a right of passage. I am to express the Board's regret at, the delay which has occurred in ' replying to your letter." The Clairman : We are in the Fame position as before.

_ Mr. Halton said it had ben br aught b fore the Drs. trict Couuell,and it was agreed that the inspector should approach the landl,rd of the Chapel House Inn and offer a nominal sum of Si. per body for every inquest thAt was hkl. Mr. Unsworth thought the amount was swat!, bur he was satislird fo7 the present. They were getting off cheaply when they remembered that for 53. they could do without erecting a rnortuary,which wouil cost £lOO or £l2O. There was another matt,r he would like to mention and that was with reference to the burial of parsons. The Relieving Officer seemed to think

!that the Assistant Overseer should bury the bodies and Ithen recover the money. He (Hr. Haltnn) was nnt in favour of such a courve being adopted as they would be unable to get the work done as cheaply as the Guardians who had a contract price._ .. ....

_ Mr. Thompson remarked that the arrangement of the Rural District Council was sitisfactory,aud the question of burial ought to be !€ ft ea usual to the Board of Guar- din's. It seemel to him thit it was imoos.ible for them to bury anyone as cheaply as the Gulrdirns could. They should leave the mat`er as it was. (Rear, hear.) The Clerk was instrw:ted to take no further action in the matter at present.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THU MUZZLING OF DOGS.

Mr. Thompson, in accordarse-e' wi'Cisotiea of motion, istrodw,d the question of the Muzzling Orier, and said he cons'&ted it a great hardship that it should be in Imes i Lancmhire when other counties were exempt. The order mtpt be a great inconvenience to owners of &me, mere especially to farmers. IF the order was kept in force in Lancashire rats wou'd blcome a pest. He thought the had a grievance which should be ven- tilated. He nroprised that the Clerk be instructed to write to the Connty Council, wking them to take some action with regard to the matter.

Mr. TArlorr7bferved that the Muzzling Order was a great nuisance. The Chairman preferred the Muzzling Order obe kept in force so long as hydrophobia was known to exist. It was only about 35 months since they had a case of rab'es at Ponketh. Rethought the Muzzling order was a safeguard and Mi. Loneshould be allowed to continue it as long as he thought it was necessary. Mr. Flilton saii the tii4e,t3l ought to be stamped out, altholicth it was hard to b 3 brought before the magis- trates onl flued 55. for allowing one's dog to b 3 at large unmuzzied.

Mr. Taylor seconded Mr. Thompson's mos,ion, and it was carried. THR LIMITING OF TEM MAIN' ROAD. Mr. Thomp,on said the queltion of gas lighting had been ty -Ts the Cluncil for a long time. TtsPre Was great need for the erect;en ef further lamps from Sanksy Brid!ies to Grist Sank 7. Eight lamps were provided by private iedividua s to a great extent, from the War- rinv,ton fiore,u,h Boundary to Iliflgsrs. Houghton's works, and an ecinal rynn`rr should be provided by the 0111,1' nil. On dark nights. soecially near Peaketh-lane end, mar' liyht was sadly ne.dod. Mr. Halton saia a foav lamps were needed bettveerl saekev itridgoa and the C lapel 111119 P. bat it would be ridicoleni to p.st them 400 or 500 va,ds spar:. He sag'. gested the formation of a c.immit'en to inspect the roxd to s,n wh.t number of !smog was required. Mr. C-ok proposed as an amendment t'alt tie (pies- tic>, be nrt entertainei. By the pte,ent gw,gmition the re,. of the township woild be left in the dark. Mr. Thompson : But it is a main r yid from Sankey. Mr. Cook : Is it not a main road beyond the Chapel Heals/

M. Tilornrs'm : Bit no one live; there. Mr. C.lolc : There are Flomn ratepayer at that en, ^f the to wnshi o. The ratepayers at the laqt election decided thlt n amp iooll he provide.] at their expense. Mr. Tivlor seeendel to° a-nendment, and Mr. Halton geconded the mr.tion stf•mitted by Mr. Thompaon. E-irn'u illy fur voted for the amendment and two actairs; it.

THE MEETINGS OF THE COUNCIL. Mr. Balton proposed that tho mnetinzs of tho Coen:tit be held once every two moaths instead of quarterly as at nrepeit.

The rhairman seconded. Mr. Tlyunpson sAid if the business of the township nec,siitated any further meetinrs than those already he'd, a speeill meeting cmld v be called. He would propose an amendment that the Council adhere to their preaen.. quarterly meetinys Mr. Co Ar aeclnded and tho amendment was carried by four votcs to two.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

SERMON TO YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN.

At Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening, the Rcv. John Yooge, pastor, preached a special sermon to young me, and young women. He has.d hi g dig. course on toe we/. is "lam a companion of all them that fear the. and of them that keep thy precepts," PAPIm 119, oPr,e 63. In the coursa of his sermon the nrocher ga,,e some valua biro advice on eh-nosing friends, adviin hi 4 h,arers t 0,14tP with those to whom the text woni be applicable. Thcr3 was a large emgrega•

WARRINGTON CORN MARKET.

At thiq rentlret on Weanesday new whet (white) fethel 33 7cl. to 33, 81. (701 b. to the hu3hel) ; red Wheat, 34. 61. to 33. 7d.; new oats, Is. 11d to 2s. Id. Flour, haF3t seconds, per 2101 b., 21s. to 225. Bran, 911. per 201 b.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TITPmEXAMINER. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30 lB9B.

A ST. HELENS MAN'S PRICARIOLTS CONDITION. William Cunliffe, a middle-aged man, of 71, Bolton. street, St. He'ens, an employee at Messrs. Quirk,Barton, and Co.'s leadworks, was admitted to the Providence Hospital on Sunday in a serious condition, suffering from broken ribs, injured lungs, and other injuries. Cunliffe's condition was also aggravated by an attack of bronchitis. It is stated that Cunliffe's ribs were broken by a fall, but considerable mystery sur- rounds the acedent, which happened on Saturday. Cunliffe is in a dangerous condition. REMARKABLE DESERTION CASH AT ST. HELENS, At St. Helens on Monday. Mrs. Charlotte Pennington summoned her husband for desertion. Mrs. Pennington sail that six years ago her husband deserted her, and went to work as a collier at Burnley. In answer to Mr. E. W. Swift, who appeared for the husband, Mrs. Pen- rington admitted that during the time her husband had b-en away she had had a child by a lodger. She only wanted some contribution towards the maintenance of Pennington's three children. The bench said they could not make an order after the woman's admission, but Mr. Swift undertook that the man would contribste to be support of the children. A DETERMINED ST. HELENS BUTCHER. James Fairolouzh, butcher, of 28, Kirkland-street was charged at St. Helens on Monday with wilfully damaging the ironwork of the tramway line in Westfield-street From the evidence of John Sheridan, a Corporation watchman, and other witnesses, it appears that between eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of Wednesday last Fairclough drove up to the top of Westfield-street. The whole of the road surface had been taken up, and Sheridan told him that there was no possibility of getting down the street. Fairclough said he would find a road or make it. He drove through the barrier and down the tram lines, which were quite exposed, no pavement being between thorn. In driving down the road Fair- clone' damaged the tie-rods between the rails and generally upiet the work, doing three guineas worth of damage.—Fairclough admitted that he drove down the street.—He was fined £1 and costs.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

POLICE CASES.

At the Town Hall-, Newton, on morning before Mr. T. J. Gillespie, Michael Barrett, was charged with being drunk in Earlestown and was fined 28. 6d. and coes.—At the Earlestown .Poice Station on Wednesday morning before Mr. C.B.F. Borron,Andrew Duffey of Warrington, was charged with being drunk and in default of paying a fine of 28. 6d. and coste was sent to gaol for seven days.

BURTONWOOD PARISHCOUNCIL. The monthly meeting of the Parish Council was held iD the Board School, on Monday evening. There were present :—Mr. William Fairclougb, (chairman), Mr. William Sephton (vice-chairman). Messrs. Forshaw, Gavaborpe, Fairclough, Forster, and J. Forster (clerk), anu Mr. Bennett (of Messrs. Owen and Son, surveyors, Warrington).—The Clerk was instructed to acknowledge tie receipt of a letter from the Local Government Board, and also to write to the London and North Western Railway Company calling their attention to the bad state of the road from the highway to the Collins Green Station.

ACCIDENT TO POLICE INSPECTOR MORGAN. Inspector Morgan is at present confined to his house as the result of an accident which he met I with on Monday night. He was making his way 'home about midnight across the Market ground, , when he caught his foot in an open drain pipe and I fell. He was unable to rise, and had to remain on ithe ground until P.C. Aspden came by and went to the station house for assistance. He was then carried home, and Dr. Patterson was summoned. He fownd on examination that Mr. Morgan had very severell sprained his ankle, and states it will be at least three weeks before he will ba able ta get about again. THE SUDDEN DEATH AT NEWTON. The namo of the man who was found dead in Aehton-road, Newton on Thursday last week, was found to be Hugh Spencer, a day wage man of 281 Church-road, New Boston, Haydock. He had been suffering for the past four years from heart disease, in fact ever since he left the Army, and had been attended by Dr. Hayward. During the summer he had been an inmate of the Miners' Hospital where he had been treated for the complaint. He had practically only just left the hospital, and the doctor had certified him as fit for work. On the day he died he had been to the surgery of Dr. Watkins, Newton, for medicine for one of his chil- dren, and was returning home, when death over- took him.

Ti REVISION OF VOTERS' LI-TS Mr. James T. Foard, revising Barrister, held a court in the Town Hall, Newton on Sion 'ay morn- ing and evening for the purpose of revising the voters' lists for the townships of Earlestown, New- ton, Winwick-with-lialme, B urtonwood,Houghton- with-Arbury, Middleton and Croft. Mr. H. B.Shores of Widnes, representei the Liberal party, and Mr. W. Holland Owen, with Mr. W. Mawdsley, the Con- servatives. The Conservatives had made several Objections chiefly to new claims, but the Liberal party had not sent out any objection notices. The business was purely routine, and beyond some slight skirmishing between the agents, nothing of any importance transpired. THE CRIMEAN VETERANS' DINNER AT

MANCHESTER. Two local veterans, Mr. C. Owen, and Mr. John Hazledin, of Earlesto wn, attended the eat ertainmeut which was given to old Crimean soldiers at Belle Vue, Manchester, on Thursday, under the presi- dency of Lord Roberts. Mr. John Hazledin saw 'plenty of service in the Crimea, being present at Ithe battle of Alma, and at the siege and fall of ISebastopol. He was a private in ths 95th Darby- shire Regiment of foot, and spent three months in the trenches before Sebastopol, and was wounded in the leg. After the fall of Sebastopol he spent three months in the place, forming a member of the garrison. Mr. Owen was with the Baltic fleet before Sebastopol, and was landed with the naval rigade during the storming of the place. SUDDEN DEATH OF MRS. DUN, EARLESTOWN. Mrs. Mary Ann Dunn, greengrocer, Market-st., Earlestown died after a day's illness, on Saturday morning, at the age of 42 years. lip to Thursday 'last week she was evident'y in her usual health,but on that day she became ill, and Dr. Valentine was sent for. She took to her bad where she remained all day on eriday and despite every attentiin ohe died on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, from an in- ternal malady. Mrs. Dunn had always enjoyed the best of health and her sudden death came as a great shock to her friends and relatives. She was interred in the burial ground of St. Mary's B.C. Church, on :Monday, the burial service being per- formed by the Rev. Father O'Reilly. Mrs.. Dunn had carried on the business of a greengrocer in Market- street for upwards of 20 years, her husband having , predeceased her only 4 months ago. NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL AND ELECTRIC

===== 0002601_18980930_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGIITING.

A special meeting of this -Council was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday afternoon, to consider the advisability or otherwise of apply- ing to the Board of Trade for a Provisional Order empowering the Council to supply electricity for lighting and other purposes within the district, under the Electric Lighting Acts, and to pass such resolutions in connection therewith as the Council may then and there determine.—Mr. C.l) B. F. Borron, J.P„ presided, and there were present : Council:ors Stone, Emmett, Ormaad Evans, Gil- mour, Thompson, Patterson. Wood, Mcnah-m, Simpson, Beatty and Forster.—The Chairman stated that the question of Electric Lighting had been carefully considered by the Committee and an esti- mate of the cost had been submitted and con- siderei, he thereupon moved, and it was seconded by Mr. Thompson and unanimously resolved—That, having considered the advisability of applying to the Board of Trade for a Provisional Order empowering the Council to supply electricity for lighting and other purposes within the district, under the Elec- tric Lighting Acts, the whole question be deterred.

ALLEGED STABBING AT GOLBORNE. At the Warrington Olcasbnal Court on Monday morning, before Mr. S. R. Armitage, Ilary Anti Ssrs- field, John-street, Golborne, was charged with inflic- ting grevioug bodily harm upon Philip, Duffey, John-street, Golborae, on the 24th September. Duffey was unable to be present owing to the in- juries received---John Towey, John-street, Golborne said he was in John-street at ten p.m., on the 24th September, when he heard a row going on in prisoner's house. He stood in front of the house and saw prisoner's husband strike Duffey, who re- taliated. He saw the orisoner come from the back kitchen and strike Duffey on the bead three or four times. He could not tell what she had in her hand. Duffey came out of the house and said" She has stabbed me." He leaned against him, and witness saw blood flowing from his face. Duffey then fell to the gr)und, and he was carried into his own buse by three men. Prisoner's husband had hold of Duffey at the tins, be was struck. There was no one else standing near the door but himself.—P.C. Wild, stationed at Golborne, said that from informa- tion received, he went to Duffey's house and found him sitting on a chair suffering from a cut in the nose. There was a qnantity of blood on the floor, and also in front of prisoner's house on the flags. From what Duffey told him he took prisoner into custwly. He found a broken blade of a knife on the floor where the struggle took place. He after- wards found the other portion of the blade on the sideboard in prisoner's house. He charged prisoner with the offence, and she replied " I don't like to saY you are telling a story but you are."—The case was remanded bra week, to enable the prosecutor to attend.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS,

ACCIDENTAL POISONING AT ST. HELENS. James Summers, 28 years of ace, a labourer, of 112, City-road, Sr. Helens, died in the St. Helens Hospital,on Tuesday under very peculiar circumstances. Summers was alaheurer at the plate-c!lass works of Messrs. Pil- kiLgtr'n Rms., and on the 15th of Au?list last he drank some llnid from a bottle whiel he thou.lht contained lime juice. It turned out that the contents wer, 3 caus'ic soda, and he was bably burnt about the mouth and throat. Sev:ral me`ics were afterwards given to him and he was removed to the hospital, where he 6u:- cumber!.

_ - UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES AT ST. HELENS. The first rf a nurse of six lectures on tt The Puritan Revolution," arranged by the S. Helens Corporation Technical Education Committee in connection with the Oxford University Extension Lectures scherne,was given in the St. Helens Town Hall, on Tuesday night, by Mr. G. C. Henderson, 8.A., of Bal:i'd College, Oxford. Not- withstanding the incl.ment weather there was a good attenclance,and the M yor (Aid. R.Pilkington) presided 'rhe lecturer dealt interestingly with the events and con- troversies which lei up to the expulsion of Puritan clergy from the church in 1605', and the subsequent struggles which hod been called the Puritan Revolution. He intimated that in future lectures he would deal with the life of Oliver Cromwell, as a politician and as a despot,and conclude the series with the beneficial effects of the revolution, which bad streinthened and lifted the tone of national life.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WA-k- AT EARLESTOW.N.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] The District Council have had a special meeting this weak, and have decided to defer the applica- tion for a Provisional Order for the electric lighting of the township. his means, I suppose, that the question is " shelved " for good, and that the private gentleman, who has practically introduced the sub- ject can proceed with his application without fear of interference from the Council. Of course, I don't know whathas prompted the Council to drop th 3 electric lighting, unless it is upon the question of expense. I thought we were getting aristocratic too rapidly.

One hears little or nothing about the water ques- tion now, though if you take a walk as far as Low- ton, you will see the boring apparatus at work, but that is all. 'Tis precious little water you will see, and you will not be able to gat to know with any degree of accuracy, what the expectations are in the direction of ultimate succesi. It is about time we knew something. Either the apparatus is not of the best, or the ground is not of the softest to enable the boring to proceed with any approach to speed. However, as in all undertakings of this kind, I suppose we must be patient. "Everything comes to him who waits."

The fire which broke out on Mr. Bridge's farm a fortnight ago could not satisfactorily be accountel for,but various reasons w-re put forth,any of which might be feasible. It might have arisen from spon- taneous combustioa, which is the mot likely, and it might have been caused by other means. Give a lad a box of matches and there is no telling what might happen. At Collins Green this week some lads were playing near a stack of hay, and one of them produced a box of Bengal lights, which he procEeied to ignite. They give out a strong coloured light,and to heighten the effect, his companions as- sisted in throwing the lights in the air. Unfortu- nately one of the lighted matches fell on the stack, and immediately there was a blaze. The owner hap- pened to be on the spot and he promptly extin- guished the fire, but what would have happened if he had not been there? The lads, when they saw the mischief, would have cleared off and left the stack to its fate. This is one way of causing a con- flagration.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The Newon lads li-a-v-e-m—e-u-d-ed their ways, and on Saturday in their match with Bromborough Pool, they tried to get goals, and succeeded in do- ing so. They piled on 7 goals whilst their oppon- ents were vainly endeavouring to get the ball be- 4ween the posts. This is as it should, and will be, if the forwards will keep what I said in view.

Earlesto wn were also on the winning side on Saturday and manazed to put on two ralre points in the Lancashire Alliance. They careered over the Whiston ground, and beat the Whiston custodian 4 times as against 3 goals by Whiston.

There was jubilation in fgarlestown when it was known that Parr had beaten St. Helens Rees on the St. Helens ground. Haydock and Esrlestown in their encounter played a draw, and Haydock beat Parr 5 goals to 1. It looks unhealthy for the Recs. on paper.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON ADJOURNED LICENSING SESSIONS.

The sessions were held at the Court House Newllon-12- Willowg on Thursday. Colonel Wood presided.

A WINE LICENSE GRANTED.

Mr. E. A. White. said he appeared on behalf of Joseph Michael Rogers to anply for a wine license for the Sir Charles Napier Hotel, Gslborne. His application was a molest one ; and in addition there was no opposition. Tnere was reasonable requirement for toe license and the street in which the Hotel was situated was the principal street of the town. It was High-street. There were four rooms ddwnstairs and six upstairs. Adjoining the premises there was stabling for ten horses. The house belonged to the Bedford Beer and Maltin Company. The applicant had held the license for eighteen months,during which time no complaint had been made against him. The police reported his charac- ter to be good and that was the best evidence their Worships could have. The house was used very much as a ref reshment houge,and a wine license was regarded generally as very useful with refreshment horses. If the wine licence was granted a husband and wife would be more likely to go into tbe houie together, which in his opinion would los a move towards temperance. There was a large body of men otherwise teetotal who drank wine. They wrre not teetotal in the strict sense of the word ; but hs would submit they were entitled Co con- sideration as well as any other class. _

Joseph Michael lbgers, licensee of the Sir Charles Napi-r Hotel, High-street,Golborne, said High-street was the principal street in Colborne. He believed if the license was granted he woul Ibe able to extend the r 3 treatment business.

No colwr evidence was called and the beach granted the applicati Al without retiring.

===== 0002601_18980930_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FALL AT BA.NIC QUAY STATION.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

On Saturday evening an accident occurred to Job Wardle, 31 years of age, briclrsetten labourer, 50. Sharp- street, Warrington, which ended fatally. The &ceased had seen his sister off by t'ee 5 10 p.m. train from War- rington to Daresbury, and when leaving the station by the stone steps fell, and his head struck one of the bot- tem steps, tie was unconscirms from the fall and was conveyed to the Infirmary, but died without regaining consciousnees.

The inquest was held at the Police Parade Room on Monday morning, before Mr. S. Brighouse. coroner.— Ann Wardle, widow, said deceased went out of the house about 3 o'clock with his brother's wife. He was going to the station. She did not see him alive again. Decvased was sober when he went out.—James Plinston, ticket collector, Bank Quay Station, said he saw de ceased passing the barrier to go to the piatforin at 4.b5. He might have had a little drink but not much IHe was accompanied by a lady. He next saw I him about 5.15. He heard a fall and saw some porters ,Igathered at the bottom of the steps. There was a crowd at the time, awl when he got there deceased was lying, in an unconscious condition. Ho was tak mto the In- firmary. There was a hand-rail down the steps at each side. The steps were in good condition, and no similar accident had occurred for 16 years.—Thomas Walsh, a post office employ, said he went to the station at five minutes to five to meet the 5 3 train. When the train drew up alongside the platform he saw deceased and a woman. The latter got in the train. Deceased then welt down the steps. He held the rail with both hands as he went down. When he got to the middle lanling, be left bold as if he thought be was at the bottom of the steps. He seemed to stagger then turned half round and fell backwards.—Nellie Isherwood, nurse at the Infir- mary, said de-Tased was admitted at a quarter past five. He died at 7.30 from a fracture of the base of the skull. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

PIMPLES, BLOTCHES, BLACKHEADS, red, rough, and oily skin prevented by CIITICITRA SOAP, the greatest cf skin purifying and beautifying soaps, as well as the purest and sweet^st for toilet, bath, and nursery. It produces the whitest, clearost skin, the softest hands, and most luxuriant hair. Absolutely pure, delicately Mf dictated, exquisitely perfumed, surprisingly enctive, its sale is greater than the combined sales of all othe skin and complexion soaps. Sold throughout the world

===== 0002601_18980930_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON,

WARRINGTON CHESS AND DRAUGHTS CLUB. The Warrington Chess and Draughts Club will commence the season on Monday next at 7 o'clock. The club room is at Mr. G. H. T3ft's Restaurant, 5, Buttermarket-street. Club nights Monday and Friday. The committee would urge each member to nominate at least one new member in order to increase the prospects of the club.

MDBIC IN TEA PARK. The last band performance of the season in the Park was Riven on Sunday, when there was again a large attendance. The music was supplied by the League of the Cross Band. The audiences this season have been larger than in previous years,and the performances have been greatly appreciated. There will be no pertormance by the massed bands this year. NRW RAPID MMES.—GARLAND, 51, Briclze-stree Warrington. BITCKLISP-STRENT CHAPEL.

Two sermons were preached in the above chapel on Sunday by Mr. John Wright,of Glazebury. suit- able hymns and anthems were sung by the choir under the able leadership of Mr. J. if. Cooke. The solos were ably rendered by Miss Howard and Miss Millington, Mr. Albert Trow, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Scott. Mr. David Hickman ably presided at the organ. In the afternoon a sacred concert took ' place. Mr. Hannan sang "The Day of Redemp- tion," with great taste. Mr. Albert Trow and Mr. Bates gave a selection on pianoforte and violin and both excelled themselves. The Sisters Eves from Padgate also played selections on pianoforte and violin. Mr. Albert Trow was the accompanist on the pianoforte, and Mr. Charles Simpson occupied the chair. Mr. Wright, of Glazibury, delivered abort address to the young men and women, and scholars connected with the school. Afterwards the President of the P.S.A. (Mr. J. J. Fairhurst), presented the prizes to the members. CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS.--Jons S. GREEN, Stationer, Fce., 34. Bridge-street. Warrington NATIONAL INDEPENDENT ORDER OP ODDFELLOWS. WARRINGTON DISTRICT. In response to an invitation about twenty-five members, including the District Secretary, T. Dick- inson, and District Deputy-Grandmaster, John Bur- gess, visited the Manchester district on Saturday afternoon. On arrival at the city they were met by Bro. James Dwane, gran lmaster ; Bro. James Myers, district treasurer: and Bro. John H. Efewert- lson, district secretary,who conducted them to their headquarters, the Cheshire Cheese Hotel,Bridge-st., Deansaate, where they received a hearty welcome by other Manchester brethren. They were after- wards conveyed by 'bus to Cheadle and back to the Cheshire Cheese, where a capital tea had been pro- vided. After tea short speeches were delivered by Bros. Myers, Hewertson, Dwane, Platford, and Hodge (Manchester), Bros. Dickinson, Burgess, Nevins, and Bramhall (Warrington), interspersed with songs and recitations by various members of the districts. After passing votes of thanks the social gathering was brought to a close to allow the visitors to catch the 10.50 train home. PREMIHR CYCLES,"speelal terms.—GABLaTID, Agent Warrington* ACCIDENTS TO CYCLISTS. On Saturday two Manchester cyclists, riding down the Penny Hill, Lyman, which is marked to ride with caution, were both unable to control their Imachines, and see;ng the further dip past the church to the Dam Head turned their machines into the walls of the Masonic Hall rather than face the unknown further slope. Art eye-witness says they both came a terrific smash against the build- ing, and he thought they would be killed. They were picked up bleeding and stunned and their machines were damaged to a great extent. Mr. Hooley, of the Fleece Hotel, put them in a room by themselves, and gave them every attention until they were able to be assisted to the train. Near the High Legh C. T. C. Farm on Sunday night a Crewe cyclist, who had been to Liverpool, came a cropper owing to his machine collapsing, and broke his collar bone. His friends took him to Dr. Lead- better, at Latchford, who set the bone, and the party then went home by train from Warrington. A lady coming from Liverpool on Sunday night collided with another cyclist near Bold, and was upset, but fortunately got off with slight bruises. DROWNED /N THE SANKEY CANAL—INQUEST.

At the Chapel House Inn, Great Sankey, On Mon- day morning, an inquest was conducted by Mr. S. Brighouse touching the death of an unknown Per- son whose body was found floating in the Sankey and St. Helens Canal near the Eight Arches. on Friday morning.—John Sankey, anima Loch, Win- wick, stated that on the 23rd September he saw a body floating in the canal at Sankey. With assis- tance he got it to the bank, and found it was that of a woman,whom he thought had been in the water for about a week.—P.C.Dugdale,stationed at Sankey said that from information received he went to the Sankey and S. Helens Canal, where he found deceased lying on the towing-path, as described by the last witness. She appeared to be a woman of about 40 years of age. She had not been identified. He found 2s. 5d., in money in her picket, and a pip., a small piece of tobacco, and a piece of soap. She appeared to he a tramp. Thera was also a pawnticket upon her, which had been taken out on the 6th September. at Michael Fitzsimmon'e shop, 30, Scotland-road,LiyerpooLin the name of A. Read. I—P.S. Devlin said that inquiries had been made at the pawnshop, but nothing could be ascertained respecting her. He thought the woman had been a tramp, and that he had seen her before in the dis- trict.—A verdict of "Found drowned.' was returned. - EXCELSIOR and NEW ROWE CYCLES—GARLAND Iron,;onger. Warrington. - Sr. JAMES' SALE OF WORE _ _

A sale of work in connection "Witt; St. James Church, Latchford, was opened in the schoolroom on Tuesday afternoon by Mrs. Pickmere. The at- tendance at the opening ceremony included Mrs. Pickmere. who was accompanied by Miss Hunt, the Rev. P. A. Slater (vicar). the Rector and Mrs. Willis, the Rev. Morley Stevenson, the Rev. A. Mac- donald, Mr. C. S. Burgess (vicar's warden), Dr. and Miss White, Mrs. Beamont, Mrs. John White, Mrs. Carter, Mrs and Miss B Burgess, Mrs. Litton, and Mr. 11. N. Houghton. The stalls and eallholders were as follows :—Fancy work stall, Mrs. Slater, Mrs. H. N. Houghton, Mrs. George Venn, Mrs. Her- bert Woods, and Miss Bolton; plain work stall, I Miss Parry. Miss Taylor, and the Misses Gibson ; I glass and china stall, Miss Slater and Miss Majorie ISlater ; fruit and flower stall, Miss Massey and the Misses Broadbent; refreshment shall, Mrs Pierpoint, Mrs. Chester, Mrs. J. H. Warburton, Mrs. Carruthers Miss Duncan, and Miss L. Taylor —The Vicar said the money they wanted that day was not for de- fraying their debt on the alteration. That debt still remained, but they wanted the money so that the churchwardens could pay their way and have a balance if possible, on the right side at Raster. They only wanted a small sum of money on the present occasion. The churchwardens would be happy if they got £5O. As there was going to be a very important bazaar in November in connection with the Parish Church. he thought the kindest thing they could do would be to buy articles at the sale of work and transfer them to the Rector for his bazaar. (Hear.hear, and applause). AsK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL

WATERS.—Advt. THE TEMPERANCE ELECTORAL PATRIOTIC UNION.

At the weekly meeting of Warrington i;;;;;;i; of the above union, held in the Temperance Hall, Howley, on Friday evening last week, the first an- niversary of its institution in Warrininon was commemorated. Bro. G. IL W. Steel, C.P. presided, and there were also present Bro. J. C. Morton,S.C.P., Bro. Ti. G. Brandreth, V.C.P. (who occupied the vice-chair), and Bro. Vickrag,e, P.T. After the routine business, the Chairman said they all felt extremely proud of having attained the anniversary of their institution. They had at their commencement 50 members ; they had now 105. They had much to congratulate themselves upon. They had a good hall to meet in, they had the inter- est and support of such ardent temperance workers as Bro. John Naylor, He.?., and Bra. J. C. Morton, S.C.P. To them they owed a great deal of their. present success. Bro. Morton was to them a guide counsellor, and friend, and were it not for the time, trouble, and ability he constantly bestowed upon them they would not hold the proud position they did that day. They had much to be thankful for, and he trusted it would spur them on to further and renewed efforts, and that the year they had just entered upon would be far more successful than the one they had ended, and that the fort would make its influence for good greatly felt in the district. Bro. J. C. Morton, S.C.P., spoke at length upon the good work which was being carried on by the fort in the Howley district, and hoped that the members would give the fort their support. Whatever he (the speaker) had done for the tem- perance cause had been out of a desire to benefit his fellow men. He hoped that before the next twelve months they would have another branch of the Union in Warrington. After the speeches an enjoyable entertainment was provided by Sister Morris and Brother Morton,Brothers Steel and Mor- rn, and Sister Breyshaw. Sister Brayshaw pre- sided at the piano.

IbbertionnentO not elaogiffi

By MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL.

Warrington.—Printei and published by John %VAL" The Examiner General Printing Works. Bawse) and Published also at The Examiner Office. 190t01 WIDNNS ; Hifzh-street. RUNCDRN 42, George-stre HELENS and 3 Market-street, 11/11LESTOWN.—SEP: 30 1893.

===== 0002601_18980930_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WOOD ENGRAVING OF MACHINERY, FIRE ORATES, SHOP-FRONTS, ETC. CATALOGUES OF ALL RINDS ILLUSTRATED. ELECTROTYPES SUPPLIED. Estimates Post Free on Application. MILNER & MORTON, WOOD-ENGRAVERS & PHOTOGRAPHERS. 55, MARKET ST., MANCHESTER.

NEW TALE. (PAGE 2). " THE SECRET OF MARK PEPYS," BY FRED J. PROCTOR. 1 ' rual, , NEST INSTALMENT OF A WEEKLY • DRAUGHTS COLUMN. - , (FAQB 3). (..T 4lei

tAPTIST CHAPEL, LATCHFORD THE AUTUMNAL SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED ON SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9th, 1896, BY THE REV. CHARLES COLE, of Bolton. SERVICES: AFT BRECON, 2-30; BYENING. 6 30. Collections at each Service in aid of the Church Funds. Your presence and Ail are earnestly solicited.

UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTUR ES. A COURSE OF SIX LECTURES on the HISTORY OF THE ENGLISH PEOPLE, 1514 to 1689, will be delivered In the Co operative Hall, Cairo-street Warrington by W. a. de BURGH, Big., MA. Oxford. at 7.45 p.m., on alternate Wednesdays, commencing October sth, Course tickets, one shilling ; front seats (subscribers) Is. 6d. may he had from the Museum or from members of the Lecture Committee. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

FREE DISTRIBUTION OF HYACINTH BULBS. IN ACCORDANCE WITH INSTRUCTIONS RECEIVED FROM COUNCILLOR JOHN cROSFIELD, OF WALTON LEA. THERE WILL RE A FREE DISTRIBUTION OF HYACINTH BULBS To WORKINGMEN AND WORKINGWOMEN RESIDING WITHIN THE BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON, ON FRIDAY NEXT, THE 7Ta OCTOBER, 1898. For further particulars see Window Bills. JAMES RYAN. ktt W ARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB. ON TUESDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 4TH. 1898, GRAND SWIMMING GALA at the BATHS, LEGIT STREET, Under the patronage of the Mayor and Mayoress. ITIMBEHS RACE. COMIC TOURNAMENT. CHURCH LADS BRIGADE SQUADRON RICE, SCHOOLBOY CHAMPIONSHIP OF WARRINGTON For the Thornton Challenge Bowl. 411ATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP or WARRINGTON For the Licensed Victuallers' Challenge Trophy. LIFE-SAVING DISPLAY. GRAND WATER POLO MATCH: WARRINGTON v. OSBORNE. --- ADMISSION, 6d. and is. Reserved seats Is. Ticketholders admitted 6-45. Commence 7-3 g. PLan of reserved seats at Mr. H. Toft's, Sankey street, 11. GARSIDE. Hon. See,

T.ZOROUGH OF WARRINGTON GAS DEPART- MENT.— The GAS COMMITTEE of the above Cor- Potation INVITE TENDBRS for the supply of 80,000 COM- MON BRICK. Tenders to be sent In not later than the 7th Proximo. 141/1 Particulars can be obtained on application to Mr. W. S, Maddock, Engineer to the Department. FRED. TAYLOR,Secretary, Gas Offices. Warrington. September 29th, 1893. WARRINGTON UNION, NURSE WANTED. , THE GUARDIANS of this UNION. invite applies: bons for the appointment of Nurse at the Workhouse. The person appointed must be a trained Nurse with not less than 12 "youths practical experience in Infirmary Nurs- nfl• Salary £5 for the Rut year, rising to £27 10s. after the first year. with Board, Lod ing and Washing. Porms of application will be sent on receipt of stamped ad- t:"sed foolscap envelope and must be retureed to me _Rather with not more than three copies of Testimonials of "meat date not later than Thursday. October 13th. 1898. J. C. SUTTON, Clerk. Union Offices, Bewsey Chambers, Warrißgton.

°TICE is Hereby Given, that the neat GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the ~UN, Ty OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT OUSE, KNUESFORD,in and for the said County, on elqq.y, the 17th day of October next, at half-past en o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury be empannelled. he hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the )4`.Altsford District, and the trials of all prisoners COM. tipltt„ed from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sea- The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford Bttict must be in attendance at the Court Rouse,l tsford, at the opening of the Court on MONMY, the jelb day of October, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the ot_ e 414 E COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of t.ester, on TEMRSD&Y, the 20th day of October nest, at 'en o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand ,17.11' will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals vl6lng within the Hundreds of Broaton, Eddisbury, ;',_antwich, and Witral, forming the Chester Distriet,and trials of all prisoners committed from the last-men- ened Hundre,ls, will take place at such Adjourned a_ssions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester ilstrict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, St _ the openisg of the Court on THURSDAY, the 20% day vf October neat, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. Clerk of the peace floar9l; REGINALD POTTS, Chester, 26th September, be County of Chester.

OUR CLIAINLESS SAFET.I: Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. °MII. 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO RE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but I.,rchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers Use Highest Reputation. • LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow 14';okl. Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rt, 9,1 e only original and genuine Family Recipe. lusteelebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained sho,;', 5 Most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be Nig' that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Ciatsuers. who is the only person in possess'on of the 4tici ,1111-47. RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, Rued on the Ouf side label by Mrs. Smithers, and the 157 `,..° of the sole Wholesale Agents, "W. EnavaßDs & Soy. tor;,o6Men Victoria-street," formerly o 67, St. Paul's, tox,7n. are engraved on the Governmen Stamp, Bold in ...?.B,_TLeb by most Chemists.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M ODAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILE TWICE DAILY, KIM MILK PROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold In WARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

THOMAS MORRIS CHARITY. The TRUSTEES of this CHARITY PROPOSE to DISTRIBUTE BLANKETS or OTHER WARM CLOTHING at the Office of the undersigned on the 9th of November, neat. OLD WOISBN who de not receive Parish" Relief, residents of the Borough of Warrington, desiring to participate in this Charity should apply before the 13th inst., for an application form at the orsze of ARTHUR BROWNE. Solicitor, 61, Sankey-street.

- FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. R. T. ISGGINGTOWS Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A . Grosvenor-street Lon. de ltd. ro.sendaester .

S"II NO MORE LADIES. wHAR THE From NATURAL } From IMMOVABLE } 21,_ I CURLED GOALFHTTBS ' FRINGES. 10/6 ¶1.5. BROWN. 3, LEHOE-STREBT, LIVERPOOL.

--__=-------- il * i... 7 BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. -_ AN EXHIBITION OF PAINTINGS BY THE LEADING- ARTISTS OF THE CENTURY. WILL BE HELD IN THE GYMNASIUM AND PARR HILL, WARRINGTON IN COMMEMORATION OF THE JUBILEE OF THE WARRINGTON MUSEUM AND ART SCHOOL[ FOR THREE WEEKS COMMENCING lOTa OCTOBER, 1893. PROMENADE CONCERTS DAILY FROM 3-0 to 5-0 and 7-33 to 10. SEASON TICKETS may be had on and after TO-DAY (Saturday) at the RATE OFFICES, BANE llousx. ADMISSION: SEASON TICKETS, 2s. 6d. SEASON TICKETS (ART SUDENTS) is. 6d. AFTERNOON: 2-0 to 6-0, Is. EVENING: 6-0 to 10-0, 6d. ALFRED WOODS, Chairman of the Art Exhibition Committee.

TO all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.-0110CRICS' FITTINQR and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings. Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit. Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a Splen- did selection te choose from; inspection invited ; estimates free.—BDPIARDS AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

BAR GAIN. £4OO worth Confectioner's GLASSES, latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—BDWAßDS, 108, White-chapel, Liverpool.

SHOOTING ASON. AMMUNITION and every REQUISITE UP TO DATE T. STENSBY, GIJNMAKER, 20, HANGING DITCH MANCHESTER. Eatablished 1810.

LONGWORTH, PAPER MERCHANT, CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap rapers, Set Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS•STREBT, MANCHESTER.

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STAMM. RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 0.8. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Oct. 6tla s.s. NUMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Oct. 13th 88. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Oct. 20th B.S. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...oot. 27th a.s. CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal—Nov. 3rd Saloon Fares from £l2, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, 'maps, rates, and if nil particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- Bt., Liverpool; OT to J.S. GREEN, 34, Brldge-st., Warrington

..1-IIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling at GREENOCK. weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR Or Other Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). SBPTBMBBR. FROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Clarence Dock and by train from St. South-West Side. BROWS, Glasgow to Greenock at 5.58 p m. Saturday 10th, 6 p m Tuesday 13th, 2 p m Thursday 15th, 9 pin Saturday 17th. 2 p m Tuesday 20th, 1 p m Thursday 22nd, 2 pm Saturday 24th ,4 p m Tuesday 27th, 2 p m Thursday 29th, 9 p in ORDINARY FARES.—Cabin (single), 10s. return (available for two months). 15s. ; steerage. (single) ss. ; SPECIAL FARES :—Cabln retorn (available for ten days), 12s. 6d. ; Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- turn tiekets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVER 86 CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW I'o RIC via Queenstown. GERMANIC Wed., Oct. 5. I .THUTUNIC Wed., Oct. 12 Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marked thus Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to lencly, DAME, and Co., Liverpool and ES. Leadenhall street, London BM..

W EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. AISO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63—RENSHAW-STRE ST, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

16, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. HIGHLY INTERESTING AND IMPORTANT SHOWS OF MILLINERY, MANTLES AND DRESSES, ARE NOW BEING HELD ON THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. .• J. AND W. DUTTON.

9 C 4 TAM 1-\ kl CHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are' undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. • SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND tiAUNDEIRSON. District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington: MR. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

FOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLB.-100 Worms in Bag and !does, sd; Hooks to Gut, 6d and 8d per dozen; Trout Flies, is to la 6d per dozen; Gut Cmts, three yards,4cl,4d, 6d, and 91 each ; Gut Bottoms with oae hook attached, one yard 2d two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for id ;porcupines, ld each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25. MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle fihoppe).

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WRY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM TUB MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTE CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOk..

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP :ON ,OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/ WOOL BEDS, 10/91 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR , MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES, 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT Is. 6D. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS. 13e. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 91. SD. BASSIBETTES AND MAILCARTS PROM 255. Note the Address :- LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. . FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, lEWELLERT, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER HARK ET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

_ DUTTON AND COLyER, LATE DUTTON AND t CO. IRONLONGIIRS and AGRICULTURAL INPLIIMBIT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the Latest and Host Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARIt LACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

GEDDE.SI DANDELIO,N COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 8d„ 10d., and Is. Bd. each.' Wholesale by GEDDES TAND 80N. WARRINGTON I-ITABLISHED 1833

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLB WITH BROBEhT CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDBR Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is S^shes from their Frames when broken cords have to be therebyreplaced avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effeeted. ADDRESS : T. COOKE, YORK.

MT, B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure PrFcmtative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. Si. 1812 BOTTLB. 5, RANBLAGH-STICRET, LIVBRPOOL (Opposite Oentral Station).

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice GIasses.—EDWA.RDS AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS Z! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE [FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN uLLy AN HOUR FROM 38. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

S•P•Q•R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY II FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION. NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS ' SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE !REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price I.s, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMIEITS, 1 (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 9. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD., PROPRIETORS, HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGRAIf aESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTBE, BIRMINGHAM, &C.

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GICNTSJ NIACHINEs. a 15s, TO £lO 10s. NEW HOWE GEM* CYCLES £l2 10s NEW nowt LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. Exanswit °EN* cram £l3 Os EXCELSIOR LADIEs' CYCLES £l4 Os. PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £1.4 Os PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES £l4 O. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10S. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES ~tl7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY • 'JO• SA GARLAN D, CYCLE FACTOR, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGES STREET, WAR TON FOE GOOD BOOTS.

a

"A 50H. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVER EN G LIS II PATENT LEVER WATZIH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEM; SOLID SIVLER .1-FALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket, "FOR TIP !IC SR i.uLINGS." This v. 11,31118 timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- 11e Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watc-t. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BMA NOR AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-...reet, Warrington. N.B. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO WORKINGMEN. EOM 2g. EACH. 3,000 OVERCOATS. Must be cleared at once. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. HUGHES BROTHERS, Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Ch.thiers, and Tool Factors, 116 to 120, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5,171.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. R•tabliahed 65 Years.

I 1 WILLIAM. LINDOP, _ Miniature Manufacturer of. BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered Poi FABLOISII, Quoits, aud Repaired. Cram, Puff and Darts, at PUELICS. Skittles, Ac. Estimates given. 385 SHUDEBILL, MAN CIESTER. -- ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LAROE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOP3 is now being offered by T. CLARKE, "EXAMINER' OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND _BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 201 per cent or 4s. in the Pound.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGFRS Al.l SSURANCE ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,85),000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS, Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate mr.W.H. 111013BY.Ne8ec1iffe. Votoria-rd.,Latehford St, Helens Mr. L.B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stroet Knutsf ord Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Sandbaeh Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND !PROVISION DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

KEATINGS' POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths,' Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles(Harm, Sold only In tionevayathl but Insects), Only be sure you do gee" Resting',. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS,

ALL LADIES will be glad to bear that Mrs. M. Hamemu, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irreguNrities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. Scl. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long -t lading obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource and you will not be deceived. You will find that it is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can be seen any time. From Mrs. Chethans "Madam will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted " Kindly splendidly. I enclose &c."—Mrs. Binnze writes : jorward by return of st a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put me all right last oime, and I trust t will do so again." —From Mrs. „Fletcher t " Madame, I r, eived the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as eta ed ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—Mrs. S. Writes " I am pleased to tell you your medicine from Sheffield : did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had the last dose thirty hours before any change tc3k place. I had the last dose on Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday afternoon. Ever/thing had been as well as It was possible. Had I written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writes: "Madam, am glad to be able to report that the last two doses have ad theklesired effect. I shall recommend your remedy to 11 my married friends. I think it is excellent, and should be in difficulty again myself, should at once apply to you." —From Mrs. Garside : "I have much pleasure in sending you news of having relief the first morring, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always feel grateful for your Mixture, and if I need anything again, will send to you." Address: ram DAMERAIL Milton Cottage, Forest Hill, London

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectuat TTOOPING COUGH cure without internal

RAIN! RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD CRAVENETTE CLOAKS GO To LORD BROS' 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest ..,ock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EIISTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established INC

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE YANUFACTURER. Sacking, Cantu, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sbeeta, Ac., TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS. .to., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKER, 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

BRE WA RD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS, SHOP AND RESIDENCE 45, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 030 d Assorted Orates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

THE WARRINGTON SLATh C0.,L8 DINORWIE AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY A CO., LD., BICRERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFIGIC: ATley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel.Acle-eaa, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDB, 3 miles from Blackpo3l. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large det--ihed house. Happy home. Resident Er:dish and Foreign certificated governerses. Visiting masters. Reim:pal—AlM ROGERSON. eaverness- Pupil wanted.

'ARCHBISHOP HOLGATR'S SCHOOL, YORK.—Splent did accommodation for boarders ; refurnished ; perfect Sanitation. Increase of numbers 212 per cent. in 21- years. Illustrated Prospectus and lists of the Head Master.—Next Term Sept. 14.—Rev. W. JOHNSON, B.A.

MR. THOMAS LANE, Organist and Choir-master of Waltan Church, member of the Incorporated Society of Musicians, receives and visits pupils for PIANO, VIOLIN and SINNING; also for Theory of Music. Harmony,Counter- point, do.-4E, Elle:mere.road, Stockton Heath, Warrington

WARBRECk COLLEGE, Aintree.—A High Claes Day and Boarding SCHOOL for Boys. Healthy neigh- bourhool and comfortable home; Sound educatiun, large field for sports. Bprcially adapted for weekly boarders. Principal T. T. SIIARPE, F. 8.1.5. Quarter commences Octo- ber 4th.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 48. PER TERM. The TERM BEGAN TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13th. ProBp, noses, Forms M Application, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boardiny.-honsein connection with the School is situated in Higher Broaghton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

122, MARKRT STREW, BARLESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. pRIZE Winner and Senior Honours for Pianoforte and Singing, ffie., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certifintes of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline, Singing, Harmony, Theory, to. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations, TFIMS MODERATE.

MERCHANT TAYLORS GIRLS' SCHOOL GREAT CROSBY. HEAD MISTRESS: MISS ISABEL BOLTON. Clough Scholar. Newnham College, Cambridge. The NEW TERM BEGAN on WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14TH. FEES ES AND £lO PER ANNUM. Harrison Scholarships, entitling ths holders to flee educa- tion in the school for two years, are granted annually. A. " Great Crosby" Scholarship, value £4O a year, for three years, tenable at the Universities, is awarded by o:nape:Rion amongst pupils educated in the school for three years previously. Boarders (weekly or otherwise) are received on moderate terms.

EADE'S PVLLS. ILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EEA ADD pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. H:s Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE's pu,s. been reee:ved from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EArars pus. the wonderf ..31 power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADirs pus. worst cases. There Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate In their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE LAUD, FACE, AND LIMES, And have the large3t reoommenElation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-cresoent Dewsbury- road. Leedc May 2nd. 1894. UM ATISM "TPar Sir,—lt is with unkounded 11.. pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is eta years since I first had RHEUMATIS,M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed w,th it. Of course 1 OUT I bad the doctor, and he sweated NY- me down almmt to a skeleton. H HUM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a (O LX friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have takan 2 more Pills and I have been all right again

HALF. ..., ~‘,l Three , :, • ljls:.:leA-2-„,,, Gold GUINEA COSTUMES ~ 4i Awarded 1 re Tour .iii CANNOT BE BOUBHT IN A SHOP, N.. -... ‘?.. .r, t i%\„,e.. • ... ...A.M. • a 17.". Money rilY \-,.., , , but are promptly sent BY PARCEL ,A ... ~,,,„- POST, safely packed, DIRECT FROM saved • -... MN...,,. ''',. THE LARGEST FIRM of COS- Z4 CI a TUMIERS la the WORLD. - by'•• • - IT IPEA KS YOLIIT forth, exoellenee . s 3 of the rook Street fth s productions, that -1.; ~,,A\ si g• ordering -..', , _ although during the past ..., 7...7. & quarter century many arm. w ' have tried to imitate them.none Eik from have succeeded in producing s •.'s .11.Ss-...5.... r en tat about the same price "'", '''', witite" -4, . irhimch was at all worthy to rank .\\. c 7 ~,. .73 . ' 2.k..."...-1 . JOHN NOBLY MALY - GUINEA , Cosrnms." ,s \ \ NOBLE ,•,-.-': Supplied in the following two good durable Cloths .-I,- on • -.obi, NOIILE CHEVIOT SERGE, ...hi ... • .....,, ~,,,, ..,,.iiigg:. andweatber resisting. II . ' - '''''t„‘",-..- 41 '' 'O, NOBLE COSTUME COA , s' -•,: \\\\,, , ~,,- ',. ~,„•:• 1,1 ,i, ~.d. amooth-surfacea and of lighter : \ \ a',','"••:-.., -':"'‘.. / 11 '';l.2. weight. ../.,,,,.,: „, 97( i PATTERNS SENT FOST f IKE, ,'s \ • , ~, , ...,•,:.:' , figit together wan a new 154 pp.ilius- ,‘ \ ' -••.-,..•,' • /.., trated Dress and Drapery List - •" for Ladies and Children. t\ \ , • t `,„ ~ 5.-: == . 'O, either Cloth (6 yds., 52 in. /0 -- -.-• • • •• • de) for 1/6. Carriage lid. MODEL 571.-A new design with well .cut Bomee,trimmed fancy braid and a a_ Tailor design 10/6"irt, lull wide .llr .. 'lid and in the latest mode. Price a ' tit.•:‘,S2', ~i...„,... 31";.• ip el! .4 complete Costume 10/6. Carriage 6d. The Skirt alone for 5/6. Carriage sd. - - MOOR 1114.--an exceedingly well made and i ~t... A COLONES OF ALL ONETIME; aro Black, havy, Brown, nuby, atyrtle, enaartly finished Chesterfield Coat and a hall '' 4. 1 ICON Grey,Moso,Fawn,Furple,and Electric. width Skirt in the info latest style. Price ,' 1 ,fgr complete Costume 11.1( %I 10/6. Carriage 6d. 1 .(' l' la The Skirt alone for 5/6. Carriage 50. ' , II TO . iIS! lit tsr..N.E.,T.HAKE STOCK SIZES are 34, 36, bust(under arms); Skirts and 4Linus. be MADE in front. To NIQUININO MEI: executed and despatched An being rTa:). within 11 hours LAIMES OWN DESIGNS MADE i .. MOTHERS. MEASURE, I/6 ExTEA. UP by skilled Dre3smakers in any kind of ,I ,1 fabric at moderate cost. 'IIIIOIILED. THK, JOHN NopLE KNOCIAILOUT ENDO'S. An Meal School nr Holiday '3IEIE2- garment for Girls.2lin.l/6,24113.2/-,2lin. 42/261;33°.g.,e3ja-A33. Cuilii!ef. ea6xilin 'Eli:C[lll.746 A BOX OF loop PATTERNS of. all kinds of 'I2N _ fArtuiTnntiasnedut,,,,,,,a7rFlnhiiss Good lent to select WOOL CAPPripplied in au sbades at I/- each. Lathes' Tam o'Shanter Caps, well knitted at the same price 1/, Bankers: " LONDON & MIDLAND" BANK, LTD. Kindly name this newspaper when writing to JOHN NOBLE, LTD., 1311°)EKT MANCHESTER. MILLS,

THE CURSE OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands LlYar Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 144 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepenee per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury. London. Mention this paper. (ee ey too ttr. Ar.

- , • rE4414*4141 _ ccir CIENUINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES. oynote &fakers at greatly reduced Prices. Enormous STOCK leo BANJOS, GUITARS. VIOLINS, &C. Aci ARCHER AND SONS. 45-49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established Ib4B Telephcne 615

At the Westminster Pollee Court, on Tuesday. Luke James Alderson Peak, who had for twelve years beea political secretary to the Devonshire Club, was committed for trial on a charge of attempting to obtain 25 by means of worthless cheques. Great damage to property and some loss of life has been caused by a cyclone in part of the Niagara Peninsula. The release bus been ordered of Timothy Feattiorstone,a Star Bthnund O'Brien Kennedy. who was sentenced to penal servitude for life at the Liverpool Assizes in 1883 for treason felony at Liverpool. The American whaling fleet fishing in the waters of Beh- ring Straits is reported to have been crushed in the ice. The cmws are believed to have been taken off be other ship.. A liciadrld telegram states that the remains of Columbus will be conveyed from Havana te Spain by the steamer 310a- terele.

rac iur a surly uastitian's teeth,- and i snapped my fingers at him, for I was more disconcerted by Lucia's piercing eyes than by Muro's brag. "The despised bantam might as well try to peck the stars from the sky, or attempt to blow back a hurricane," he exclaimed, grinning villainously. "as think to annoy me." Lucia smiled and tossed her head. "The de'il tak' ye," I bluntly retorted, dropping the Spanish in ray wrath, "an' a' who aid an abet ye." 'Muro's fingers nervously twitched about the haft of his knife, and my hand went involuntarily to my derringer. Lucia stood between us, for she knew I was a good shot. The big foreigner bowed with ironical politeness, saying, with the air of a fine gentleman: "I measure the master, not the pup. This stung me, and I limped forward with - desperate resolve to make the Senorita move aside. ' But she tenaciously stuck to her post, extended her hands towards me, and cried in a harsh and imperious tone: "Enough! Sett ie this quarrel another day, when gin not present." "Then let this magnificent boaster," said I cynically, "withdraw his imputations." "This little bantam is game," he hoarsely ; sneered, grinding his even set of teeth, "but I'll cut his comb by-and-bye. Remember, Sandy Dees, a Castilian never forgets an insult." I scowled as a poacher •:caught trespassing, and quick-witted Lucia took advantage of my dilemma. She gasped a few words in my antagonist's ear. He shrugged his rshoulders, veered round, and swaggered away, whistling a Spanish melody. It is sometimes wise to pocket a rebuff, and so I bit my lip. To curb any mutinous spirit in me, which might rise to avenge my wounded pride, Lucia advanced, toying with her fan and smiling her sweetest. She eyed me from foot to crown, and said playfully: "I compliment you on your chivalry." I was so furious over this cutting sneer that my throat contracted and my reply was choked in its conception. "You are not loyal to Mark Pepys," I stam- mered at length. My facial expression and general condition of impotent rage were mirrored in Lucia's glistening eyes. I could see she was bravely striving te conquer her agitation. Are you paid to watch me ? " she asked haughtily, a blush suffusing her beautiful face and a tantalising smile playing about her pretty lips. "Mark Pepys is absolutely ignorant of my move - merits. 1 have simply a watch-dog's roving Commission." A sigh of relief escaped her, and looking stead- fastly, I saw tears welling to her eyelashes. "I am glad you confess this, she just managed to articulate; but immediately her sparkle and vivacity returned, and she added: 'I see your self-imposed task has sent you sprawling in the mud." This biting sarcasm disconcerted me for moment; but I think I looked terribly malicious, for the colour left the Senorita's cheeks. "No gentleman would play the spy upon a lady," she Plaintively added. "You fawn and flatter your lover, and sell him , —a worthy rile for an honourable lady!" MI ironical thrust wounded her, for she winced; and after a moment's awkward silence she cast a scorn- ful look at me and turned to go. But I barred the way, bearing the pain of my sprained ankle. The demon in her was roused. "You lie!" she hissed, excitedly beating the palm of her hand with her closed fan. 'Let me pass, or I will expose you as an unprincipled rogue!" She dashed past me, as I stood dumbfounded; and half - turning, her lips drawn, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes flashing anger, she added: "My ancestors broke spies upon the wheel. Beware! If you interfere with me again, your comb shall be cut and your wings clipped." This second edition of Muro's threat reminded me of a trump card. I steadied myself for retalia- tion, and pulling the gold cross from my breast, in a frenzy I jumped forward and held it before her face. She sprang back like a startled fawn, and pressed her throbbing bosom. "You have said bitter things," I madly exclaimed. "It is my turn now, Senorita! This cross is yours —you recognise it? Ah! your white and anxious face tells me so. You call me a spy; I say re are a cheat! You helped us to escape that Moro might strike deeper!" A thousand times afterwards I despised myself for uttering those words. Fear was unmistakably written on her brow, her lips twitched, she pressed her heart as if to ease a cutting pain. "Yes, the cross is mine, she gasped as I thought—and staggered back a pace or two. Then she brushed away her tears, and with wonder- ful self-control said calmly : "It is merely a keep- sake." —unguardedly, How apt are impetuous men to make fools of , themselves! Like a proud Pharisee I smote my breast, saying: "I'm no puppet dancing to your tune, nor a marionette for you to pull the strings!" Her face now flushed with scorn, she trembled with anger; so I added composedly, and with an air of injured innocence: "You misunderstand my motive in watching you and Muro." "Most generous knight - errant! " this with superabundant scorn. "This cross has left a trail of human blood.' I shot at a venture. "I guess I know the treacherous hand." She stood as though rOoted to the spot, wonder- ing what evidence I could adduce. I broke the silence. "It is a further proof of the double part you play." She shuddered, placed her fingers upon het temples, and breathed convulsively. Then with n long-drawn sigh she said pathetically: "This is more painful to me than you imagine, and for reasons that I cannot give. In your desire W serve Mark Pepys, you place him in peril." "Bah! A subterfuge." I retorted rebelliously. She shook her head, smilingly delicately, for I j affected a worse humour than I felt. "Through lack of judgment," she continued. ; somewhat sadly, "you may bring great sorrow upon him. As for me, I am convinced you have not the heart to persecute a woman. I implore you to desist. Because you fail to admire Mark's choice, you have no right to suspect her. There are man/ things we have to bury in our own bosoms, and none so good that we should condemn on mere outward appearance." "Senorita, I never mince matters. I'm loyal to the man who befriended me. If danger threatens him, I tell you candidly, I shall strive with all my heart and soul to avert it." My frankness pleased Lucia, for she smiled, and holding out her hand said winningly: "May I hare my own ? " "Since Queen liana's people are so exclusive, am curious to learn how you obtained this cross." I waited anxiously for a reply, but Lucia simplY shrugged her shoulders and shook her head in ,( disinterested fashion. Then came the manceuvring of a sharp woman, young and full of nerve. "A bargain!" she imperiously ejaculated, yet with • an amount of winning grace. 'Restore the crows, and hereafter—silence. Muro shall leave Yerbe Buena at once." I stood perfectly rigid for a moment, studying her face. There was neither the shadow of doom visible nor the brilliance of triumph —Lucia's extremes under the influence of highly - strung nerves. I handed the cross to her as a soldier • might surrender his sword to a conqueror. She secreted the gift in her bosom, and gave a sigh of relief. "The rascal! " I muttered, shaking my fiat St Muro's retreating form. The comicality of ral bold demeanour, seeing I limped, set Lucia Diet' in a good humour. Gall and wormwood!--the impudent minx burst into a merry ripple of , laughter, and tripped off to join the festive gather' •' in g, whither I dared not follow. Muro would retaliate, that was certain. Plis! he failed to accomplish by open means he would endeavour to carry out by cunning. If Lucia Thal , aided him, she would ipso facto cease to be worth/ of Mark's love. My plain duty was to thwart the plotters, remembering that Burns says truly: "The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft agley." (To be continued.) On Saturday, an ammunition-laden vessel lying harbour 0! of Taranto,South Italv,b,ew up with a tetras Mon. Ten of the crew are killed or missing.

TO THE DEAF. WE BEG TO INFORM OUR READERS THAT A SPECIMEN COPY OF THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF WHICH IS NOW ENLARGED TO EIGHT PAGES. AND ILLUSTRATED, IS FORWARDED FREE TO EVERY ONE WHO APPLIES FOR IT. This important medical publication deals with complaints of the Ear, Larynx, Throat, and Nose, and fully explains the rational and scientific mode of treatment employed by the Drouet Institute for the cure of such complaints. It also gives particulars of a large number of remarkable cures which have been effected in long•standing cases of a serious nature. The persual of THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF will prove of the greatest interest to those suffering from Deafness and affections of the larynx, throat, and nose, and it will also be consolatory to sufferers who have hitherto despaired of that relief which the Drouet system of treatment now offers. ADDRESS THE MANAGER. THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF 72, REGENT'S PARK ROAD, LONDON, N.W.

LONDON. WILD'S TICHPERANCS HOTIEL , 34 TO 40 LIIDGATB HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUABS. HONE COM:PORTS, Mammas AND QUIET. Carrair. ?OR Itrsurzss OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A lEPT SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

, -- QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB ,HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARRADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the hands° nest buildings in Southpm... centrally situated, replete vith every comfort ; tine Bel View. near Parks, Pier, and Tldro.3. Te.ms from 7s 6d pr day, including Turkish, 6 Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. 1 J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUrHORN & CO., LTD. Vot When requiring 1413 W CARPHTS, RHIIPIIOLSTSItING, or REMAKING of OLD BHDDING, Desigrs and Patterns Seat on Application, Note Addrels,—CHA.RLl*3 SOUTHORN A CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BABNBTI2-BTRB HT, LIVBRPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

PEW SPECIAL LOTS. Splendid Parlour SUITS consist- Payments taken fig of two large Easy Chairs and four small Chairs upholstered in Crimean Plush. Well made only £6 n. OD. Worth double 1.

Splendid SIDHBOARD, very Payments t: 'len massive, three large bevelled Plate- Glasses at back ; well made and £7 10S. OD. cheap at

We have a Large Stook of Kitchen Payments I—.ken Chairs, Pictures. Oil Cloth, Hearth Rugs, Tables, /sc. Very cheap.

We have a capital lot of All Wool Payments taken Blankets 10s 6d; Quilts 3s lid ; Sheets 3s 11 to be seen in the Win- dow, 59, 011U2t011-STRBST,

Cheap Lot of CARPETS from Payment taken 19s 6d ; capital Length a Stair Carpet at la sid per yard. good.

Massive Pair of Bronze Payment taken Double HORSES, equal to new; very fine workmanship and ve.y highly finished. Great bargain, the 255. Pair

Note the Address 59, AND 61, CHURCH-STREET.

10LACKPOOL.—Dirs. H. as:rim, Alexandra House, 98, _LI Albert-road, near Certral Station and Sea. Public and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board. Pianos.

IpARIZENWARE and China.—Seconds £2 crate: Bests E,l RS ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. ed• write for ists.—WEßß AND CO., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton,

-- 0100—" How I make £lOO yearly certain from 25 Hens kept in absolute confinement." Pamphlet, giving informa- tion and secret, is. Id. post free.-130cuEit3,69. George-street, Oxfora.

91HE CANADIAN RUBBER SPECIALIST will forward on receipt cf two stamps a price list of rubber appliances of every description. Best quality.—Apply 117, NEWPORT STR, ET, BOUM

KL OBNroDa dI Ks jio,ve the. "HowN E NEW EgLoD Oat! rwta—t P atom pdhol ewt h ebyri there," price Cid post free.-70SEPH LONG, 12, Stile Yae-road, CEnderfard, tr los. BIOW/LBS.—For SALE, Diamond Framed Cushion Tyred BICYCLES, from 255.; solid tyred Machines, 155.; Pnen,aatics, from 4011,—Cuar. FFE, 5, Lea-street, off Miry-lan Wigan. ().BRIAN;S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered..--4, O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

frOBACCONISTS Commencing.— See Hid. Guide (259 1. pages) ad. Tobsceioniste Outfitting Co..lB6,Euston-rd* London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates frea.—Mgr. HALTERS WANTED, active young MAN about 20; for farm house; good milker and willing to make himself useful. Good references.—Aoly JACKSON, Fenny Gate Farm, indley, Wigan.

VINH to 15 per cent can be obtained with safety by invest- ing in SHARBS of well-proved inoustrial companies. Explanatory pamphlet free. address, Kr, WILLIAM CHU- TON, 62, high-street, Croydon.

- - A SSISTANT MISTRESS (Art 50) requires RII-ENGAGE- -11. RENT In Warrington or District; Nonconformist, Over 7 years experience. Infants or Standard I. Disen- gaged October 315 L. Also second year P.T. Net bound.— Apply P., 74, TOWER-STREET, Heywood.

4-3 HAY CHOPPING HACHINIIS by Richmond; Smart Al Honest Cob 13 hands 5 years, £9. Also 6 Sets of New Harness frem 50s, per set.-1. LIIIEBANB-STREET, Ashton Old-road, Ardwiek, Manchester.

WANTED FOR LEIGH NATIONAL SCHOOL, LAN- CASHIRE, an ASSISTANT MASTER. certificated or Ex-1%T.. also an Assistant Mistress for Boys' De- partment, and Assistant Mistress for Inf.nts' Department ; good salary to efficient teachers.—Apply HEADMASTER.

T QTAGG, Florist, Smithfield Market, Manchester. V. fel . Funeral Wreaths and Crosses from 3s. ed. ; Anchors and Harps from 4s. 6d.; Bridal Shower Bouquets trom 3s. 6d. Cash with order.

CIVILSERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINIMENTS OPEN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 ; YOUNG LADIES, 15-20, Pull details in ' THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE ' post free from SKERRY'S COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. SEE iTs NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE aIOoT BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE;COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GOOD WELSH COB ON SALE, aged 5 years, steel grey. suit lady or gentleman. Very quiet, works in all harness. Price £25.—J. It. Haw, Correction Farm, Middle- wood, High-lane, near Stockport.

THOUSAND PAROHLS.-12 Yards Beautiful Lace, _L and Silk Lace Fall, 1 Silk and Lace Collarette with 2 Silk Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one is Novel ; carriage paid Is 6d.—W. Corrox, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

910 LADIES.—Dn.FHYB'S Coated Female PILLS (Govern- 1_ mint stamped). never fail. being noted for their strength, a few doses usually being sufficient. Large box sent under cover for 35 7,I.—DEFavE, 2, Burns-road, flatlet, den, London, NW.

910 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

IMPORTANT TO LADIES. PROFESSOR TRAINER'S FEMALE CORRECTIVE. CORRECTS ALL IRRUGULAILITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and ;Dever falls to bring about the desired result, as testified by thousands. Price 2s. 9d. and 48. 6d. Extra strong us. Care fully packed and sent free from observation. ADDRESS :-MANAGERESS, MEDICAL:INSTITUTE, 14, PRICE-STILEETZ(NEAR ,SArtoa'ellHossE), LIVERPOOL.

r 1,1114 LONDON AND PROVINCIAL MATRIMONIAL AGHNOY. September circular 6 stamps ; advertise- ments laserted tree; clients quickly stilted. 'those who value honest endeavours to meet their requirements write us.— STANLEY AND CLEMENTS, 11 Queen Victoria-street, London. Quite private.

ssfry TO ENSURE HEALTH."—On the Laws Govern- ing Life, and the Causes, Symptom., and Treatment of all Diseases depending on Nervous Debility. Mental and Physical Oepressiai, Palpitation of the Heart, Noises in the Head and Ear. Sent post tree two stamps.—MESSR.S. BARNES A.NDC0.,48, Lonsdale-square, 7hornhill-road, London, N. X

DRAWING INSTRUMENTS, Boards, T and Set Squares, Scales. Tapes, Pencils, Colours &c., de. English Make. The very latest, best and cheapest dust published new Edition of Illustrated Catalogue, post free. A. G. THORNTON. PRACTICAL MANUFACTURER. 66, St. Mary's-street, Manchester. a •

2 GALLONS FOR 40. Many People suffer from extreme thirst during the summer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWER L.:MONA VE have supplied a want that has so long been felt. EIFFEL TowicE LEMONADE Is made from the finest lemons, and the great advantage is that It is partly manufactured in Italy, in the midst of the lemon orcpards. The lemons are taken direct from the es to the factory to commence their transform., tion into the Et/TEL TOWEB LEMONADE, You (314. get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for eneenaopenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample will sent free for six stamps. G. FOSTER CLARK & CO, No 594. EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY Maidstone.

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is taoattively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obsti.late cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed In every case however long standing. THoUSANDS OF GENNUINE TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST. 113, Gray's Inn Road, London,W C

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, IMITED (late Ormerod Li Grierson, and Co. Limited), Iluime. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL, and PULLEY PAT- TERNS lathe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Wore promptly. Catalozueof wheel and pulley Datterns on appli- cation.—Telephene 229.

PATENT OPP lON MANCHESTER,' ESTABLISHED IN 1835. ..essr MICROS DAVIEIi a SOH have had more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the-cotton, woollen, andiron mannfaotaree. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. aIiORGE DAVIES, 0.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A.. _ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PENKETll.—Cottages 4s. 9d., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAM-LANlL—Large WORKSHOP, gronnd,floor, rent 210. BUTTERMARKET-STREET.— Good front WA REHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-STREET,—Several Suites offices. NEAR MARKET GATE.— Stable is. 6d, a week. 43, ROSE and CROWN STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week, 39, ROSE and CROWN STREET. rent 4s, 3d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Hank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55.

- - £150,000 At from 311 PER CENT to be ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in BUMS to suit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO PRELIMINARY ruES CHARGED. lt/rONEY LENT PRIVATELY TO FARMERS, L 7.1. TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, In sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PI; OMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than .usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Establ•shed 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK, 10, CORPORATION-STREET, ISIANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ene sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminary fees charged.—Apply to ' _ MR. RICHARD WOOD. Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ORB B. GOODWIN conthanes to make ADVANCES tit FEIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply at VICTONIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Centr Station), WIDNES. WARRINOTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive tdreciselv the same attention. Lorna in sums of £5, £7, £l3, £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-S f RBEr, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon pert() :al security, Deeds, Policies, Shares. Als.. at the following scale of charges :- 210 repayable N. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. ~ ES Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s: Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.D.—Deposit accounts opened. Inter( t allowed from 24 to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIKE to ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuiue way of doing BUSINESS. MR. WI. STEWART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from £lO to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonablp interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Reversions. This Is BUSINESS! STRICT ! ! PRIVATE! I ! GENUINE III! Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS. FURS MONDAY NEXT, October 3rd and four following days, at the Mart, 37, Corporation-street, Manchester, at .11 each thy. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL by AUCTION a valuable Stock of WINTER FURS. Catalogues in preparation.

CENTRAL SALE ROOMS. No. 1, BANK-STREET, WA RRINGTO IMPORTANT SALE OF CYCLES ETC. owing to the closing of two Branch Dapate at Didabury and Heaton Mersey, and the giving up entirely of the retail and hiring trade. ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY NEXT, 6th AND 6th OCTOBER, IVIR. ROBERT LOWE is INSTRUCTED by a leading Manufacturer to BELL BY AUCTION a con- signment of High and Medium Class Lady's and Gent's ISAFETY BICYCLES and Sundries ; also a number of second band Lady's and Gent's BICYCLES in splendid condition. Sales at 2-30 and 7-30 p.m. each day. I On view during day preceding bale and during the morning of Sale, when private purchases may be made. Bescriptive Catalogues on application.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER. AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BA.NR-STRRRT. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. t 5. Cash advanced on Goods D eposited for Sale. New au Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Bm., warehoused.

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT p ITTS'S FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT LONDON ROAD (close to station), MANCHESTER. STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS.MASTOUNDING BARGAINS. °PROFIT ENTIRELY OBLITERATEDI

PITTS'S are aware that considerable interest has beets aroused as to the extent of the success attending the transfer of Pitts's Colossal General Furnishing Business to London-road. There was not wanting some few pessimistc prophets who judging by their own slight advancement fore- told inevitable failure, whilst the majority held that an old established firm of sound reputation like PITTS'S offering BEST SELECTION AND UTMOST VALUE, was bound to succeed as the shrewd British public would always patronise such,

PITTS'S have pleasure in settingithis matter at rest by stating that the first year's , working at London road has far exceeded either PITTS'S friends or the firm's own most sanguine anticipations, resulting in a turnover of more than £B,noo in excess of that of the previous twelve months, and each week shows still further increase.

PITTS'S feel extremely gratified at this unmistakable mark of pubic confidence, and as one good thin damn, another x'ITTS'S invite the Public to participate in their prosperity, and ercct a caving of 25 to 50 per cent, by secur- ing the astounding bargains at PITTS'S (MEAT ANNIVER- SARY SALE to co nmemorate their advent in London-road, which is now taking place.

PITTSTI have marked down their Enormous Stoek absurdly low with the object of clearing it out TOTALLY IREEL- PECTIVE OF PROFIT, and arranged it in their vast pre miles so that every rrticie can be thoror Ihly and conveni- ently 'suspected, and the magnificent d'splay in the splendid show-windows over 250 feet ion o: every conceiv- able article 'or complete •d artit.,ic furnishing is a sigh , never before seen. Tin, as •••, o' pouods worth of choicest bargains arranged in unpara‘teled profus`on. Inspection quite a pleasare to all possessing taste andidiscernment Every up-to-date convenience, including passenger lifts to al floors, electric light throughout, courtesy to all whether buying or not.

PITTS'S ara already acknowledged as the Largest, Best, and Cheapest General Furnishers, and they intend this GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE to still further enhsnce their very enviable reputation. Never before in the annals of the furnishing trade was there such an opportunity of economieql furnishing, and rich cad poor alike will do well t avail themselves of the marvellous advantages now offered 'PITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 154 1- 224, 284, 384, 50, 75. 100, up to 1,500 guineas will during the Great Sale be amended and improved by the inclusion of more articles of much better quality. On inspeetion these will be found to surpass and excel in point of artistic effect, comfort, and durability anything now or ever offered by woubt-be competitors. It is, therefore, the BOUNDEN DUTY of every judicious person to obtain full particulars, which are sent free on application.

DITTSE FOR CABPATS and FLOOR COVERINGS. AU British made. Fitted free. Largest, best and cheapeSt stock. Astounding value. Grand display. Worth Inspection.

FIEL DIN G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 60 years. LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assnraane Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. ES ~ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO „ 6/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 Letters with a stamp win receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, SatuM 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON_ NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees, from one month to five years. rpit E NAT ONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, 1 COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital, £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of ter 3orary asestance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTiCE.—This Bank does not charge reliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely dispensed with. Apply in strictest confidnee to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager. NOTE.—SPKIALLY EADVANTAGEOUS TEEMS for LOANS on LIFE INsUGANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOTE.—NO PEEIIMINAEY FEES.

DITTS'S FOR OFFIOH AND LIBRARY FUIINITURE. .1. Every description of Bookcases, Scaretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

- 66 HOW TO ENSURE REALTH."—A medical work giv lug Prescripcions and Instructions for the cure of- all kinds of Debility ; post freo two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, Lon- don, N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and oiganic arrangements may be successfully treated Without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. Address— B. nonolz. 69, et 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O. Itstaolished 30 Yearn.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF RAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 246. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SAMITEL PITTS. ESTABLISHED 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANI:MR.3MR. Ardwiek, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

AUTUMN AND WINTER FASHIONS. WT. 110DCIYINsON, LIMITED, WILL HAKE THEIR S PECIAL SHOW OF MILLINERY MANTLES DRESSES, Stc. ON TUESDAY WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY NEXT. 46 AND 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT SAVING IN INCANDESCENT MANTLES. LIGHT 1 LIGHT! LIGHT !! ! All those who use Incandescent Mantles can now avoid the frequent Breaking, Splitting, and Deely of the Mantle Welsbach. The Brilliancy is increased and Flexibility and Strength given to these Mantles, so that they can be handled freely. THE MOST MARVELLOUS DISCOVERY OF THE AGE IN CHEMICALS AND COSIS ONE SHILLING PER BOTTLE. SUFFICIENT FOR A LARGE QUANTITY OF MANTLES. Agents in all the principal towns of Great Britain and Ireland. LIST OF SOLE AGENTS MAILED FREE. There is no necessity to remove Burner, Chimney, or Mantle when applying the chemicals. Sole Agent for Warrington and District: MR. JOSEPH S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, 1317 TOGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PLUMBERS, GLAZIERS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, &C. WHOLESALE DEPOT for the Uni' :c1 Kingdom: A. F. GARDNER, Manchester Chambers, Market-street, Manshester. None genuine without the Patent Number 29,114.

COOPER AND Co. .3 BAKERY SPECIALITIES FOR THE TEA AND BRE/111FAST TABLE. SPLENDBD QUALITIES AT REMARKABLY LOW PRICES. Blum APPLE CAKES ................4i. CUSTARDS MADEIRA ...... SPONGE ,LOAVES... 511). & IOLD. SWISS ROLLS ...... 8 _ _ 1) OTHER VARIETIES AT EQUALLY Low PRICES. Central Warehouses GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LobIDON, Local Branch :- 41 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be prOCtued DR. sccars PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. scon's pus Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appet,te. DR. SCOTTS PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. scoTrs PILLS The Best Family] Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR. SCOTS PILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR. scorrs PILLS Ate prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SHYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist oa having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

Ebr " eramintr " ginrfes OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEwSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Hi I-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lisbed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- JL day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks-. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. lel. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... 6s. Od. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment insekted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

NEW TALE. I(PAGE 2)1 "THE SECRET OF MARK PEPYS," BY FRED J. PROCTOR. FIRST INSTALIIENT OF A WEEKLY DRAUGHTS COLUMN. (PAGE 3).

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. VICTORIA ROAD SCHOOL. EVENING CONTINUTION CLASSES WILL RE-OPEN ON MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 3BD, at 7 p.m. THE SAME ETENING THE PRIZES WILL BE PRESENTED TO THE STUDENTS BY W. BALLANCE. ESQ.. One of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools. The Certificates in connection with the Examination under the auspices of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes will also be distributed. Parents and friends interested in Educational Matters in the town are cordially invited to attend. J. W. LIGHTBURN, Clerk to the Board.

muNyoN ENDORSED By THE MOTHERS. REMARKABLE TESTIMONY FROM GRATEFUL WOMEN. Mrs. Sale says :—My daughter and I have found much relief. Mrs. Jane Todd, a 20 years sufferer, cured. Many other testimonials from grateful women who have been eureds. ; Read the Evidence. 47 Cures for 47 Ailments. Shilling Vials at all Chemists. TESTIMONIALS. CANNOT THANK MUNYON TOO MUCH FOR THE THE EFFECT WAS MARVELLOUS. BLADDER CURE. Mrs. H. Hyde, residing at 48. Hobson Street, Oldham,: Mrs. Saver.of 99, Southbridge-road, Croydon, London sayi : "I have suffered with terrible pains in my hack writes: "I feel I canaut thank you too ranch for your and hips, and hearing of Muoyon's wonderful Kidney" Bladder Cure. My little girl, nine years of age, has Cure, I Procured a battle, and only taking a few of the been a source of trouble to us, wetting the bed every little pellets the effect was marvellous. My daughter haS night. She has only taken 'he pellets for two days, also used your Rheumatism Cure, with wonderful re when it stopped. That is a fortnight ago, and she has suits. I shall always recommend them to all !oaf never been any trouble since. You are at liberty to friends." make any use you like of this, as it may be a blessing to A TWENTY YEARS' SUFFERER CURED. a good many more mothers." Mrs. Jane E. Todd, of 95, Dunkerley Street, Oldham, A MOTHER'S GRATITUDE, says : "I have suffered from sciatic rheumatism for f 4 Mrs. Sale, of 4, Stanton-street,Cornmercial-road. Peck- nearly twenty years. I tried everything I could hear ham, London, writes : " I have been taking veer pel- and have been under the care of several doctors, bug ets for dyspepsia as has also one of my daughters. We never could get any relief. Hearing of Munyon's Rhea- have found much relief, and they have made us feel matism Cure I determined to give it a trial. After take bright; cheerful and active. As I have a large family to log only two bottles of the marvellous little pills I feel work for, I am indeed grateful for the benefit I have entirely cured, and will ever praise and recommend received." them to all sufferers." discoveredMunYl The Munyon Remedy Company do not claim thatlth that sfoVrit men.aliser, price 45., is the greatest tonic ever have one remedy that will cure all complaints, but I a: they have a specific cure for nearly every disease. t l not claimed that Munyon's Rheumati.m Cure will cure Ask your chemist for free copy of Munvon's Guide tO consumption, dyspepsia, or any other compl butnt, Health, and treat yourself at home with harmless that it is a poeitive cure for rneumatism. MunYol2.B remedies that contain positive cures for all diseasea. Dyspepsia Cure is prepared expressly to cure clVsPePsli Sold by all chemists, mostly one shilling a bottle. Munyon's Cough Cure to cure coughs ; MunY°l"l Catarrh Remedies to cure catarrh ; Munyon's Kid.ge Yf you are in doubt as to what remedies you need. Cure to cure kidney trouble. The same may be sal 0 write to Professor Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury AVOW,' all of Munyon's 47 different remedies. London, for free medical advice.

RECEIVING Holm, BUD-OFFICE% AND WILL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

C -...zz.......... fr- -- DIFFICULT DUTIES. " I performed my duties as - lay reader with the greatest . . difficulty for 12 years on ac- count of throat affection, and was very deaf until I used Aerial Medication, which re- ', stored my hearing within three days, and in two months t, jt , ./ p -'-',//' ,\ ~..,‘ greatest ease. For two years lii,', " Ips. '// %) the cure has remained per. / lill \' i I'l Little Lane, Retford, Notts. !,1 / FREE. Atet ./ i 44 To prove beyond doubt that edic 4lk ( . a ion is a positive cure for deafness. catarrh, tlqte,l".it diseases, I will, for a short time, send medi ci nes for 7N:3,214115' treatment, free. For symptom form and 16 g1.,....'8. address—J. H. AI oouE, M. D. (U. S. A.), Dept. ...,......:-.ll:ksbury, London, W. C.

"IrzlitTiminocou TI4E4LIIO 6 CLARK.ES l‘l • SORINIAAna IBLOOD IVIIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. It vir b ave seen hosts tht of letters from people who have liiinoreat benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture. t tilt_ be toohighly estimated, for it cleanses and clears Nte -"I from all impurities." This is a good testimonial th th r,a • at e fib mity Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is in'tte„elt Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to -014—.11,1 we can with the utmost confidence recommend it cribers and the public generally." kl/4tPthatited to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from 440 "LP elluse arising. For Scrofula, ScurVy. Eczema, n zet:%l e n Pimples. oaln_d Sores of all kinds, its effect It y real specific for Gout oann t'itifikkatio Pains, for it removes the cause frototaletsh;shl;ezd an eu,P.rusands of Testmzelals. _ .p. Ototau: LINCOLN Chemists. Sent TOI 01111. 132 StEIMPS by Pro ktp, LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

SORE THROAT. "You cannot do better than gargle with Condy.' " SIR MORELL MACKENZIE, M.D., Physician to the late Emperor of Germany. Pr. GARGLE WITH 1c0N0y,,,. Lim All substitutes are Inferior. Insist on buying " CONDY'S."

tr.*. all fl 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithe ,teclaired or constitutional Discharges from th vriz6nB, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Z 17.4. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d tbwoVt Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through d'041.4"Q, Or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, Tne— .:ut auel tlidiand Counties Drug company, Lincoln.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an: Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.E.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath. Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton. Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, aad the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales. South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London, 13.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-2.5 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester. Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 /3. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m.—PreSton Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sanabach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore. Runcorn. and Newchuroh, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 o:p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3.15 p.m.....Lymni, Tbelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens Chester Ig7P4s.mPpll7—iviltplearrnue°chhleistuteir. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—satrirdaYs only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, I Orskirk. Isle of Man, end Scotlanel , 10-30 P.m _Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny n, yultoam P 11.15 p Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign sJetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3.45 p,in„ and 645 p,m, except on Thursdays when the I 3-45 p.m, deliver3' is suspended., EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ••• ••• High-at., Newton POSTMASTER ..• ••• Mr.Jaraes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST.—Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LarrEa DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

***************** * * 4fr* Buy the * w * Best. -,,,,:, ~ * ~ 41 i',; c". * We presume that you take ' * * an Emulsion of cod-liver oil ,`,l; * * because you are not in the best rill: * * of health and want to get well. i( * * Why not always buy the best 1 - * *Emulsivn ? There is only one standard, * * which is * * Scott's Emulsion. * * The rest are all judged by the Scott * standard. But they are not Scott's and never * * 4,& will be Scott's. The manipulation of Scott's * igEmulsion is the most wonderful thing about * it. It is perfect. * A very simple test is enough. * * TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO 4ttc. * OTHER. W * SCOTT & MINE, LTD., LONDON, EX. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. *C.A._ * W I*****************

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG surrounded with Otherwise, h perhaps You press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remeoles you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be die - coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have ettended various hospitals and had medical advice, an I seen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN coax YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed Is no reason fortpot now being cured. Rend at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d7 to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDoIf-STRICET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs .301 9 maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols 3101 an Bunions. (Registered Copytight.)

, eetiriad 0-01401 r. CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVIPC ALL PAIN:AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/li. of all Chemists. M, BEETHAM & SON, Chembsts,RELTEHHAM.

. rie AIM( 111DISPEE$ABLE TO LADIES! liftioseentr z I desire aquick, safe and reliable and non-lajarioull remedy for all obstructions and irregularitlea, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your Invaluable remedy took immediate effect; In leen than 12 hours I 1.49.11 all el,ght, after 18 weeks of Illillery and hopelessness.' A properly certified guarantee is wick:led with testimonials and medicine. One package at 4/8 Is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- monials are not genuine. Thousands of an:solicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies 'which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. I,loTiee,--This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only hart-Mewl medicine of its kind for ladies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can beProved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return of vost, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid 13.>0k (34 Pages) and Guide cloth covers, to pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies App Lunee,), and u particulars of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established oven soo years. Do not delay, but write at Ones privately to er: MADAME FRAIN giediosl Institute. Hackney Road, London NAL (Opern.,e Shoreditch Church.)

VARICO CELE. ITS EFFECTUAL and PAINLESS CURE by the latest and most Improved method of treatment for this disease with its attendant troubles. Illustrated leaflet, entering fully into the subject, sent in a plain sealed envelope on receipt cf two stamps. TlirS MARSTON COMPANY, 59 Arm 60, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON, W.C. Established 30 years.

-Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by, Grocers in every town.

ow T LE's?l-.NNSYTipEYLALpiLLS FOR PCM ALE s. ons three, 'Sulam •OottnEOP ALL reltuarmsarrrtn, =won Az.r. • 'OBSTIMICTIONS, and relieve the die fresh :miaow 80 _ prevalent with the tee. Boxes,l/li& 2/9(g Ontai - times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE ct C0.,1 -Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. • t • Beware of Ini icias andigat I/viral-Zs.

These tiny Capsules relievel Kidney and Bladder trouble Ci TA Z prontptly. They are superior to ii Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections, and cure In fortreight hours the same diseases without M inconvenience. Rach Capsule DI bears the name •NI dy.• Sold by all Chemists, or post free 316, from WILCOX & CO.. 83,1Wortimer St.,Lonelon,W.

HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Colds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, &o. tz IS /NVALHABLE IN THE TREATMENT OP Stiff Joints,. Sprains, 13u.rims, Scalds, and EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Alannfeetured Only at 78. New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

The Royal Laundresses ray Critch.ey s •• STARCH GLoss unequalledtor imparting a beautifisi finish to starched nen , so., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn wall. s apt wife will not finish our linen without y our "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford ,—Dear sir,— I am, pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch. Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at ld., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T °ALTRI:MET Blackburn. Proprietor.—. 4 dot. -

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sence. Makes a cup in a moment.

IWO 05*4140,00 04)0011411•04>0•0•49 Satisfactory alike to guest : and host is coffee made with : Symington's Edinburgh Coffee : : Essence. Sold in small and large t bottles by Grocers everywh,..re. 000440G0G000e5egt0rt.,4440.0.41

te TOOTHACHE AND ) NEURALCIA CUR • . 1p IS' In bottles. Is. lid., of all Chemists or Post Free from Manufacturer. Mr. A. B. ROBINSON, L.D.S., R.C.S. London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

WARRINGTON, One day only, Saturday, OCTOBER Bth. Ground on Wilderspool Causeway, _ WORM LARGEST GRANDEST BESTAMUSEIAENT INSTITUTIO -- i . ~. . 70 CARS, 4 TRAINS.. CORO= 011SOURD PROIDPIES , . . . 'eAPfTAL INVESTED, cOICUsz. DAILY , 800.000. ,s cd' 2 STAGES . I 3 03 EXPENSES AIII Et .. --!. . ,"..1 V- --7,0L-_,.. ,e .e.,6-11 iial 0 .., .... t IIA OPP ,10-11 v , MAr , l'i,.; ~ ' TR— ISS ft - - ';', , ....I i f• -4 IF`t(4.‘ ' . e-A 11 ' • Nfs • , Cr . „„vis A ....,.. I REAL Sa' ALL "t / z " _ 0 BESTAMUSEMENT IDEAS 4tt r .n: ai A , 1g ' TES , 1000 WONDERS c 2. wou„4l3°Lioßosa ...; i ....‘i. 100 CAGES ---- _ tn :RlDGEpow—e.r.Qco—N-N.Ras,..4feArA6t.,_ AND CHARIOTS., -r Arnow Noma QuARIINs.STOKE 04- TR,EICr• 1,200 PEA PIE EM PLOYt O. i $ MAW N ES.9 .0 FYI ELS. .. ----ADNDOW- PARIS - New YORK- 12 TENTS arrEgl NG 12„*C14L3. The most Colossal Show ever devised. The same Wonderful Exhibition that Amazed and Astounded all London. NOW TOURING THE PROVINCES. At a daily expense of £1,500. Under 12 Mammoth Canvas Pavilions seating nearly 15,000 people. On its own 70 Specially Constructed Railway Cars, each Car nearly 60 feet long. Arranged in Four Monstre Trains, each over 1,003 fact in length. Trained Animal Exhibition, Living Human Cul io-ities and Freaks, Strange Freak Animals, Wild Beasts, Three Herds of Performing Elephants. JOHANNA, The Famous Giantess Gorilla. 70 Trained Horses Performing in one Ring. 23 Elephants Performing in three Rings. Acrobats performing on two Stages. Aerialists in the Enclave. 12 Champion Male and Female Equestrians, Jockeys and Riders. LADY CLOWNS, LADY RING MASTERS, LADY OBJECT HOLDERS. Nearly 100 Startling Acts and Displays. Funny Clowns. Animal Clowns. Cages of Wild Beasts and Birds. 400 Finest Horses. 40 Ponies. Zebras, etc. 0- ri,. - .9 , ,-.,,, ' ~.-----77w is, I , -... r _,„..—.0...---i- ..;.T l'" '.--.- s_ -c z-.' -.• -----' f „ eirclA ' • ~ -- .-------. -1•1L-neill. de t ' I,_: , . It -A?l'ir' :411 ojetaL k , ,° ..: 4 . ‘'; ar ' ;'-!-:-. --). '-0 •Vk .'. . 1.11.1\‘',,,,,' '•0"7:7*,.::, l':‘ :iitt. til ‘ " kinli ~'• v 4., ~ ,),%9 .t,.._, i , ‘;-• , / ',4\--/ 7,, „.,..„4"....4r- Irk' - --.-...., 44,51„,--ark.A -' • iri&l 7 .. .4111...,\ #ll • -,,,, `, , lir ~, = - =ln - .102, , i, Vim '-4 IV ii•Illi r 9 .= , -.. " ''' F'''''- 's , j , •,,, ....... . a h_.ss ' - ' ' \IIIT-114' ‘ll4, :/,' 14011111 801,m0r,-,f___3.,VAlT4 lik. ,01 . ; riii IN'T/1141,k ~.,• lA.. 110 A .044,1 p. 4 7 ifissp,dosyw ,A„ . y,-.... 4 ... •,, ... ~;,,,. , ~,, cC.I7, -47/7: 1,.. -- ‘ ....--,,, ' ,--, • , ~,,........„----- , a ~..04, 1,-;w,, „ , .•• , , .0.... .... . 114 -- .6 , ::-.• - -477 - ~.., --- . ', 1,21.! t 1' f, 1 .k• t SN ' • ‘ -- . , , _ k; ” ASTOIUNDING FEATS.' STRENGDWDEXTERITY '‘ - 'l,:e OYEL AND SENSATIONAL PERFORMANCES AN. ,-- - —C.-1,-- I. ~4;:" Z. ATM LE"nc ACTS OF AMAZING PERFECTION The Whole Exhibited and Arranged in 3 RINGS, 2 STAGES, A RACE TRACK, Fc GREAT AERIAL ENCLAVE. A Stupenosmsly Large, Elegant. Popular, Moral Amusement Institution, Endorsed by the Clergy. Praised by the Press. Patronized by the Wise and Good Everywhere A PERFECT WORLD'S FAIR OF WONDERS. ONE TICKET ADMITS TO ALL THE ADVERTISED ATTRACTIONS. Prices : 1 3,3 '42 Seats at 1/-; 3,172 Scats at 2/-• 2,560 seats at 3/-; 2,560 Seats at 4/-; Private Box Seats, 7/6 each. All Seats are numbered ezcept Is. and 2s. Seats, and they have Coupons indicating exact location. N.) Seats under is. sold in advance. Children under 'len Years of Age half-price to all but is. and 21. Seats. 4s. and 7s. 61 Tickets on Sale at R. H. Pear,on's Piano Store, Bold-street, on October 8. And all Tickets on Sale on Grounds at hours of opening. TWO GRAND EXHIBITIONS EVERY WEEK-DAY. Doors open at 1 and 7 p.m. Performances begin at 2 and 8 p.m., giving an hour in whith to visit the Menageries, Freaks, and Curiosities. Mighty and Magnificent Free Street Parade Will be given between 9 and 10 o'clock on the morning the Show arrives, weather permitting. Containing the SPLENDID 40-HORSE TEAM. £lO,OOO REWARD! By the Barnum and Bailey Greatest Sh roc on Earth for the artist aid conviction of all the parties who are Dow and have been maliciously circulating the false report that this Show is divided. The Institution is not diviclPds I never was divided, and NEVER WILL BE. and will be exhibited entire in every City, large or small, whether fin ' one day, tv o days, three days, one week, two weeks, or where the Show stays loner, IN ALL ITS UNDIVIDED GREATNESS AND MAGNITUDE. And will tour Great Britsin cvs 70 railwav cars. Furthermore: Every Every Ticket admits the holder to all the Advertised atcractlons. including a seat, whether the ticket Is is.. 25.. 3s„ 45., or 7e. Bd. There are no extra charges after entering. The whole Show Is seen for one price. We wish to make it plain to all, that ONE ticket commands a view to ALL the Advertised attractions. ALSO a seat, whether the ticket is Is., 25.. 35., 45., or 7s. 6d.. and that there is nothing more to pay. The difference in the various prices only means a better seat in a better location, according to the price paid, including the wonders and attractions in the menageries, the collection of freaks, the three circuses,the races, performances on the stages, in the air, and on the ground.

WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB. Sir,—The Finance Committee are certainly adopting a very " penny wise pound foolish " policy as reyards the stands on the reserved side,and I venture to say that when the takings at the end of the season are compared with previous rscordi they will show a nig decrease. One maim the Club issued stand tiaets, the following ' year, half price was charge-I. and as it would not do to have two seas )ns s year mmab ,rs are asked to play the full figure 6d,which means if a member wishes to use the stand for all matches he will have to pas, 17s 6d (17 first team at 6, 15 A t-arn at 4d, an subscription) which is far in excess tJ what honorary members pay, as they are allowed. frce use of stands for 101 61. The Committee apparently overlook the fan', that it is better to have 40 on the sta,sciduitayt ah .a an n Ottaiti there is no policy or 6tl" bel hoped o fpael that this will met the eyes of someone who will alter matters at 00C3. "MEMBER."

By MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL SALH OF VALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPER' IN BANK-STREET, WARRING-TON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, pursuant to instrua of 11. M. Office of Works, by 1/11 TITOAAS TUNSTALL on WEDNES ill the sth DAY of OCTOBER, 1898, at 4 for ! prompt, at the BLUE HELL INN, HORSEMAI STREET, WARRINGTON; subject to tha conditions to be then produced ALL that FREEHOLD BUILDING known as ti County Court situate in Upper Bank-street, Warringto The site contains 374; square yards or thereabouts c There are rights of light on the Westerly side of this pi over the adjoining property known as the "Borough belonging to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley 8c Co. Ltd. The property is near the centre of the town and make an excellent Chapel, Mission Room, Sale R Workshop. For further particulars apply ta T. & J. L. TUNSTAI Co., Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, or to E. G. RIVERS, Esq, Surveyor, H. If. Office of Works, Storeys Gate, London, S.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY ME R. THOMAS TUNSTALL at the BLUE INN, HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRIN on WEDNESDAY the sth DAY of OCTOBER, 1898, 5 o'clock in the evening. THE ASESSUAGE BS NUMBER 81) 43. 45, 47, and 4S southerly side of LOWER BANK STREET, WARRIN new divided into and let as eight distinct tense weekly rents amounting to £6l 6s 21., per annum. T I with the unoccupied land called" Hollow Yard " iron Lower Bank Street, and on the Bast side of the housei property has a frontage of 31 yards or thereabouts to Bank Street, and a total area of 713 square thereabouts. The tenure is freehold of inheritance subject to a pE chief rent of 22 19s sd. per annum. The property is close to the line of the projected um from Bridge Street to Academy Street. For further particulars apply to Mr. Joseph Shaw Estate Agent, 18. King Street, Warrington, T. TUNSTALL & Co., Bewsey Chambers. Warrington, o MESSRS. BARTLETT & SON, Salicitm SO. North John Street, Liveroool.

ORFORD LANE FLINT GLASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT NOTICE. The LAND and BUILDINGS of [these W, being llove ON SALE, the Proprietors have deei to Dispose of their present STOCK of HIGH. CLASS CUT AND MOULDED TABLE GLA to the General Public Privately, on their prem S 8 above, at VERY GREATLY REDUCED PRICE The goods can be purchased daily between 9 a and 5 p.m. On Saturdays until 1 p.m. August. 1898.

riNTS.—Cost the Government over £6 each. Made White Waterproof Linen, scarcely used, 401 t cir ence, 101 t high, with poles, pegs, runners, lines, mall bag, Ac. Including the very latest improvements toil climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, bathing, fishing, camping-out lawns, boating parties, complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each. carriagi these are all picked tents and are as good as new ; quotations for three or more ; can be sent on approvi supplied Buckingham Palace ; catalogues of marque( also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GB RUBBSR BUBB IS, 61t by 3ft ; indispensable when o, out, 4s each ; can be used with the tents.—A. POTTBI Manufacturer, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton, Al the Queen and Prince of Wales.

MILNER'S SAFE. Burglarproof Lloldfast Banda two drawers; powder-proof locks ; dost new BC price £2l No smaller £6 65.—EDW ARDS, 83, Victorll Liverpool.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE D ENTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient Informed beforehand the work required TEETH. Gold and other Oiling' at MC'Cleri Charges. TEETH. AO Stn., also Lady Attendant TEETH. Painless Bator l'ertnro7ail hitherto by tl TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,060 guilt weekly. Exore. of the late J. H. PARKINSOD (DIOITIST aylExim.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREEI (NAT. TEL. No. 1660),, LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sams RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-8 NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, IS, APPLEXAM

AIARRIAG . HELLD—BosTocrc —September 17, at the Parish Chum rington by the Am,. A. F. White, William Henry H Ellen Rostock. WOOD —THomesox—Sepfember 18, at the Parish I Warrington. by the Rev. Canon Willis, Philip W Elizabeth Ellen Thom a. on. RUNCORN. SALE—McLEon-25th inst (by licence), at St. John terian Church, Victoria-road, Runeons, by the Rim Morris, Thomas Edwin Sale, of Atherton, to Flora h of Runcorn. LIGHTFOOT —ROGERS-26th Inst., at Bethesda Chaps corn, Samuel Lightfoot, to Annie Rogers, 1 Runcorn. PLATT—FORSTER —27th inst.,(bs, license) at St.Paursi Runcorn, by the Rev. C. W. L. Christlen, John Platt. L.R.C.P .etc • of Greenfield House. Audley to Edith Annie Forster. Norman-road, Runcorn. HANDLEY—MULLANEY-29th lust. at St. Edwards ( Church. by the Rev. Father Gore. Edward Hand Middlewood-street. Widnes, to Catherine Veronica aney, 30, Perry-street. Runcorn. THORN TON —CORTENS —29th inst., at St. Edwards C Church, by the Rev. Father Gore, Frederick Thornton. 45, Percival-lane, Runcorn to Catherine C 18, Thomas-street, Runcorn, DEATHS. BoTTOMLEY—September 16. at Naylor-street, War , Kate Bottomley. aged 43 years. I WlLLlAMS—September 17. at Hoyle-street, Wan 1 Joseph Williams, agecl 50 years. KETTLE—Septembor 17. at Laira-street, Warringtc Kettle. aged 62 years. Firm:GAN—September 18. at Dolman's-lane. Wan Bridget Finnegan, aged 60 years. CAuraoN—September 19, at Pierpoint-street, Wan Elizabeth Ann Craton, aged 37 years. Aroma.— September 18, at Forster-street. Wan Elizabeth Ann Ashton, aged 23 years. HOARE—September 21. at Winwick-road, Warringto Hoare, aged 62 years. RUNCORN. LAWTON 22nd inst, at 10, Taylor's-row, George Lawtx 50 years. FARMER-23rd inst, at Bridge-street, Henry. Man Henry Farmer of the Wheat-Sheaf, aged 22 months. ROBINSON —2sth inst. at 20. Taylor's-row, Jane, wife el Robinson. aged 74 years. WOOOIER-25t1s inst., at Halton, Ellen, relict of the la Woodier. aged 76 years. LOWE-25th inst., at 18, Brlckley-street, Rdwiu (electric engineer), aged 25 years. FORD-26th inst.. at 7, Salisbury-street, Harry, infan John Ford, aged 7 weeks.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON • (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments.' Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in matte, Idaro Stone. Designs and E.stimates Free. G LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING 'EXIST] MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
