===== 0002601_18981209_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1.. • ; . , ' I ' r t o -i 1 1 1 ,:. I , r r , r i .t. , '1 1 , , .. ' i n . ' r ..,. , I r .1 r r ) i, , ' : , , 1 s 1 1 r , , , 1 4 '( r •,, , , ~ I A

===== 0002601_18981209_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
DAN'S, Pawnbroker, 99. Strangeways. Manch.rater. has forfeited splendid Pearl and Diamond BROOCH; 47s 6d; cost £5.

DAVIS has now Silver Keyless Centre-seconds CHRONO- GRAPH, by Thomas Russell, Liverpool; all latest im- provements ; £5 7s 6d ; warranted. _

DAVIS has very handsome SEALSKIN JACKET, f- length, high sleeves and storm collar ; equal to new ; £6 10s.

IAVIS has beautiful solid Silver Afternoon TEA SET, _ILJ weighing nearly 20 ounces ;£5 175 6d ; a bargain.

DAVIS has solid Gold Dog-link DOUBLE ALBERT, every link stamped; 47s 6d ; any of above sent on approval.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
A MERICAN LINE-SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA every WEDNES DAY. JOHN WALKER ANt Co., NA.A. "EXAMINER" OFFICE, - WARRI YOTON.

I,'

===== 0002601_18981209_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
MATS! MATS.—For GARDENERS and FURNITURE REMOVERS.—G. M. JoNEa,9, Blackf riars-etreet, SI an- chester.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIIRDLES.—Wood Hurdles, Gates, etc.—O. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-atreet (late Victoria Bridge).

===== 0002601_18981209_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
910 SKIP and BASKET MAKERS.—On Sale,Oane,Willowa L Hazels, ete.-4. M. JONES, 9, Blackfrlars-street, Man- chester.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
'%T INS and SPIRITS ; finest quality.—Send for price list to O. M. JONES, 9, Mackfrfars-street, Manchester.

And:l/AST I YEAST 1 I—"Bagle," ' Halfmoon," "D.C,L." ' ngaroo" Erands.-4, M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars- street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE OF REMOVAL, FINLAYSON, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER, &a., Let, of 34, Winwick-street, Begs to announce that he HAS OPENED THE PREMISES 42, HORSEMARKET-STRRET, With a large and Choice Selection of all the Latest NOVELTIES in MAD and SILVER, JEWELLERY, WATCHES, CLOCKS, BRONZES, OPTICAL GOODS, Ao, Inspection Invited. PRESENTATION GOODS, ATHLRTIO AND SPORTS PRIZES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. EVERY DESCRIPTION of REPAIRS EXECUTED on the PREMISES. Note the Address

421 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES mouLD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HIPPY, PROSPEROUS AND FREE FROM CARES. INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FRR on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMNEENDED BY A PRUMINRNT PROFESSOR. WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO., SORouL-LANE, LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TO IMPROVE YOUR 'XMAS TURKEY

WIDOW WRLCR'S rum FOR FRIIAIR CO NIPLAINT MRS. SAIITIIRRS, Grand-daughter to the Widow 1 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. its just Celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smaller', who is the only person In possess on of the ORIGINAL RECIPE, The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paula', London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold ill oxes at 2s. 9d. each by most;Chemist.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
POVE Y AND DLTCHWORTH I've built their BUSINESS on quality which lithe

best test of cheapness. 221 BEITE P ARK ET SI RF ET,

WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIV ATA DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may 1,4 arranged, TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless ExtraocftiirtroausshhieLto by the all. , TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.0000110ns weekly. 210 re, fZ..-so Ltd J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY BEAM.) MANCHESTER 46, MOSLEY-STREE T (Telephone 1650).

LIVERPOOL. 5, BOLD-STREET. (Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS . ....... ----GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 pm. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN ..... BRIDGE-SrßEgp

TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

BRIDGE-STREET.

THEIRS DAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH....-.-18, A PPLEMAEK ET-STREET:

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 2.

I)

PALEY.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
J -

AMES

ESTATE AND COMMISSION AGENT,

RENT AND DEBTS COLLECTED. PROPERTY BOUGHT AND SOLD

BY PRIVATE TREATY. ADDRESS : - 9, ST. AUSTIN'S-LANE, WARRINGTON.

OYSTERS, OYSTER.S, OYSTERS. FEATION, OYSTER MERCHANT. • MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON

BEGS to REMIND his CUSTOMERS and the I ablia generally that he has a FRESH SUPPLY DAILY of the best quality of OYSTERS, which will be found • I be free from any injurious matter.

BEST IRISH BEST DUTCH .... .. _ ... 2s. 61 ~SPLENDID BLUE POINTS Is. ~ SADDLE ROCKS OTHER AMERICANS

ALL ORDERS SAFELY PACKED 'sr PAC.

TOWN AND COUTtIY ORDRES PROITPTLI

ATTENDED TO.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. Sum ixsunau IN 1897 EXCEEDS R425,000,G00.

Torahl partlea'ars apply to the f ollowlnr Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pick meee & Son, Bridge-et: Mr. Edward W. WOOtI4. Commercial Chambers. 55, Lim mmarket- street Messrs. Volsey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Be 2% Street.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thorocighlv reliable all H AND-M/4.013 SILVER ENG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap pcujewelled and Stt?d with TROBG CHAIN on FUSER. HEAVY SOLID 51% LEE HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and eyearially adapted to fit flat in t...e pocke. "FOR PIFEZ SHILLING." This wat ci 3 tirredto a ir'nnte, and will STAND ANT AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUT3LY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- Me Written Gust's tee for Fifteen Ye—rs given .cith each statola. This watch r-n be bad in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at arum trice, to be obt ',fled only front EUSTP NOE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.E. Sent ro.. free to all parts of the United Kingdomi; in receipt of P. 0.0.

• H. WARING & SONS'

FIRST ANNEAL SALE

===== 0002601_18981209_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
OF HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND

I 4 17RNITURE,

Affordiug Buyers a rare opportunity for securing Goods 4 LESS THAN COST.

NU, HARDMAN-STREET, Below the Philharmonic-hell.

LIVERPOOL.

All Goods purchased during Sale stored free.

ILLIAM LIN:

Manufacturer tf BILLIARD BALLS, and dealer in all BILLIARD ACCRSsORIES.

BOWLING GREEN BOWLS:, and all kinds of GAMIN FOB PARLOUR. CLUBS, at PUBLICS.

Tables Recovered and Repaired.

Estimates given.

IDEHILL,

MAN'

CHESTER.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
iIIED NEARLY

ESTABLISI

FIFTY

YEARS.

W OMEN 'S AILMENTS. I RREGULARITIES, &c.— Leo) , having tried in vaiit every advertised remeay, has at last disoovered Simple Cure, widen will act in a few hours, no matter how tubborn the case. Bona-fide enterers can get it FREE of sHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment Cith Worthless Pills, Mixtures Cones, and other injurious wostrums. Write at once with full HONE and CONFI• DENCE to Mrs. 0 ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Building' Chancery-lace. Lowiou. )ON'T COUGH—USE

DON'T COUGII-US:-.'

DONT COUGH-USE

There Is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One lozenge alone gives relief ; can be taken by the most delicate,„ KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

If you cannot sleep for coughing, anew Keating' Lozenge will set you HOW& Any Doctor will tell you they ere UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. sold everywhere in tine 1314. eacb, or free on receipt At from THOMAS KHATINO, Chemist, London.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Miniature BILLIARD

BAGATELLE

--- - - BOARDS. Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chess, Draughts, Quoits, Puff and Darts, Skittles, &c.

38, S:

===== 0002601_18981209_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • _

•

===== 0002601_18981209_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

The resuscitation of De Rougemont is interesting and cutions, and the provincial public are now to be treated to a lec'uricg tour by him. Liverpool is one of the places to ba favoured with a visit, and your readers will then have an opportunity of bear- ing the man's own story from his own lips. He has just taken a " nolsmn aril sincere declerai ion," un- der the Statutory Declarations Act, that his story is " absolute!y true." We P hall thus have a revival of the Rougemont romance for some little time. A euri3ns little incident of the Queen's visit to Net.ley on Saturday was the in.truction given by her

Majesty to exciude the newspaper correspondents. This was the tir,rt occasion in connection with the frequent visits to the great military hospital on which the Queen had r nought fit to issue such an order, and natur,illy enough it gave rise to some speculation. Tho.e who saw her Majeety assisted from her carriage to the wheeled chair, in which she made her tour or the warde, .ay Om, bhe was leaking very froi!, and that she had to lean heavily on the extenceil arms of her Highland and Indian attendants. 1 b.lteva, however, that. apart from the natural infirmities of age, her Majesty's health is excellent, and that her desire for privacy was not in an: way dictated,as 1 have heard slid it was, by a fear least her appearapc;) should excite com- ment. The Queen was anxious simply not to have her conversation. xvih tee patients overheard and reported. When she last went down to Netley the newspapers gave prominence to her gracious little speecnes to the heroes of tie charge at Dargai. One of those warriors afrerwarcl. tna,.e capital out of his heroism and her Majesty's recognition of it. The queen was annoyed, and it wits in consequence of her experienco on that occasion that she took steps to ensure a greater degtec of privacy on Saturday.

Consi,ierable pteparations have been made for the olx.ercance of Peac4 Sanday, which ti i year tails upon December IS. In All. some 37,000 invi- tations to observe the (Jay have been issued by the Peace Society to the ministers of various denomina- tions, the letters being accompanied by at least 200,00 enclosnres, the latter being mostly literature for the personal use of th 6, ministers themselves and printed matter intended for congregational .distribution. There is every probability therefore, that a far larger number of peace fe mons will be preached this year than an any precious occasion since tte institution of the day in 1883. The Tsar's Rescript has naturally had the effect of giving a great impetus to this year's pr- potations, and it is expected that the mesf•age of his Majesty to the Powers will form th text upon which nearly the whole of the sermons will be based. In London the obssrvance of the day in th.4churcheA of the E4tab- liAhruent will be likely_to gain in interest from the

lac% that the B hopofLondolhs lent his advo- cacy to the Pociaty's cause, and litts authorised the Society to make the following addition to the cir- cular letter which it has addressed to the cltrgy of his dioceie :—" be present time Feemm to he one in which the Christian mettsage cf ‘• peace on earth " needs to be enforced on the cowciences of ccen,This may be done without expressing epinirns on cur- - rent politics, but by urging a peaceable I.emper." Sir W. Richmond set en foot lately a movement against the smoke nuisance in London, and it gathers volume as it proceeds. His campaign fleniust the et rice is,in fact, two and a halt years old, and Its obj.ct is to constrain them to put. in force the powers given to them for the Kipreiwir n of the nutsance, and, failing such action, to bring The powers of the County Council into action. He has had a very.upitill end ei,icournßing battle with the vestries, toockh tlitire is no doubt about the duty imposed upon them by Parliamen% Be and hi friends are accordingly now changing their tactics, and are proceeding to collect evidence to be laid before the vestries. which would leave them no excuse for not uctirtg. He is fortified with the written opinion of Sir John Brunner that the black smoke emitted by factories could be effectually and piontabty stopped, simply by burning .re Coal „eie,,tifi...filiv. The evil is growing with great rapidity in London, but sir John kas behind him a 'tody of very powerful, influential. and aristocratic oPiltion. and the eoldety which he has this week ' au. e.ded in forming will have on its working com- e su.l names at the Duke of Westminster, Lord Kelvin, Ler! Meath. sir W. Priestley, and Sir H. Thompson. November may thus be, by-and-by, robbed of ite traditional characteristics.

F 1: KI IV BUGS :Dressed Cleaned, and Lined ' • ' For alteritione of every descriution. 13. CooNE, Pormr.cti,..lo; Forrier, 21 Henebale-efreet, Llverzylei, 23 jc.:s

===== 0002601_18981209_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IT

===== 0002601_18981209_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_18981209_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981209_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981209_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Senor Ganive Garcia. Spanilh Cona,l at laza, hAs corn. retitled auichle by throwing Lirwelf into the Lana.. . . . "

Jane Cakebread. against —whom there was an official record of 2el convictions for drunkenness in London, died on r, atur• day in Claburn Lunatic Asylum. Joseph Cross, a foreman at the London and North-Western Patiway Works, Crewe, was caught between the buffers of I two railway waggons on Saturday and crushed to death. A Scalia telegram reports that seven persons were burned to death in a fire which occurred on Satarday night at a farmhouse in the hamlet of Eschentbal, near tfonneberg A bridge on the Del .goa Bay Railway at Hector Sprult Collapsed on Saturday morning, precipitating a train in.o the river The engine-driver and stoker were killed, and three passengers injured. Moorish savagery ties again Weal displayed in a battle on the Algerian frontier A tribe taken ty surprise, was prac- tically exterminated by another body of Moors noted even In that part of the world for their ferocity. By an exl..losiort which on istrirday destaoved a small fireworks factory at Aruino de Puglia. in the Italian province of Avellino, a risen and his wife and four children were killed, and three other children striouilv injaved. ,Magdalene Ohurch.:Belfast an extensive building, situated In a densely populated district, was entirely dastrove t by fire on oatitruay evening. The fire brigade was quickly on the scene. but, despite their aftirts, the church was burnei to the ground. A lunatic usm.d Dennett escaped ea•lv on Satard ay moroing from Shaftesbury House Asylum, Formby, and broke into the house of ad-. John Manning, Cross green, also Into a refrealioreit cabin at Formby Point. IL! WAS reZ3P- tured in the course of i he morning. Great damage ha' been caused by a fire which on Friday night broke out in the Spanish Government's dockyard at Ferrol. The utroentering and painting workshops and Cale repairing store of the eonstrnAlon school were gutted. The fire WAS nor, got tinier c introl till Saturday. According to" Mercantim Gas itte," the number of failures in England And Wale. gasetied during the week ending Dec,inber 3rd. was 99. The number In the corresnonding week • f last year was 89, showing an increase of 10, being a net increase in 1898, to date, of 193:

_ . According to the account of the survivors of the Clan Drummond the Hoer, while crossing the Bay of Biscay. WAS struck by a huge sea, which carried away tip, trldge. The ship sank immediately afterwards. The survivors took to the boats, and after kreat exertions, succeeded in reaching the coast of Vizcaya. whence they ward brou,t,ht oft by the Holbeln. The steamer 'King Arthur. inward from Demerara. arrived at Liverpool on datur iev, and reported sighting the Furness- ldrilsort•Leyland liner Lonlonian on her beam ends, in a sinking condition. 600 miles west of the Fastnet, on Nevem- be: 29th. The Londonlan was on a voyage from Boston for London, with cattle and Hr general cargo, but no passengers. Nothimr was seen of her crew, numb-ring eighty all told. 4 A3a ;owls train was coming out of, the •tows goods yard near Crewe btation on Saturday nigh!, to get on to tits line for Manchester, it was run into by a light engine. which struck It obdquelv, cutting it in two. An etusine and •everal waggons werethrown off the line ana the goods trsffis wss blocked for several haws. Happily no ons was injured. The collision we% stated lobe due to a signalman's mis, eke. A telegram from Vilna to a Berlin paper says that a Are bruit- out irt a hosiery factory at that town and caused a terrible dise,ter. The women ant girls at work in the catch- lishinent had to jump for their lives from the windows of the second storey. Fifteen were killed by the fail, and flay grievouslr injured. A destructive fire took place on Sunday night in New York In three Flours over a million doLars' worth of property VMS destroyed. A. remarkable accident —nnfortunately atten led with the loss of two lives—occurred on Saturday morning in a Man- chester tewer. A. gang of men went to a manhole at the junction of Oity-nad and Weloomb street, and notwithstand- ing a strong smell of foul gases. whion was perceptible even in the street, four persons ventured to go down. Two of them-- John M'Gregor and William Hodgson—were almost imusedi..Lely ..vercome, and the other two had narrow escapes. cle Wag lIWYJUSCIOUS when he was drawn to the sarface. Galle it attempts were matte to rescue the two who bad fallen in v.'s sewer but without success. M'Gregoes body wayozovered later, but Hodgson's was not found for sometime. - . .

At Liverpool Assizes on Saturday. In the Case of Robert Ke.wley, woo was convicted of robbery with yinl-nce, Mr. Justice Phitimore said the prisoner in the evidence he had given on his own behalf under the New Act had coidently comrottted'petjary. He bad thcantht of orciericg a trial for perjury, but had de.chied to inflict cite punishment for the two crimes The prisoner wonted have to go to hard labour for 12 mouns. In the Nisi i-v.us Court, in the case of Price v. George Newdes. Limited., the defendants withdrew and apologised tor the libel m on Mr. Price which they had pu',- lished in the •• Wide World hiltgAZltlP." The allemtion, it will be remembered, WAS thAt the plaintiff had wilfully sent a ship to sea In an malt c.)rdition, to the peril of those on , board Mr. Juatiw Bigharn w•.s asked. to AER6IS the .4amages, I and his Lordship mitered judgment for the plaintiff for £5OO, wilh 100 guineas to cover the costs as between solicitor and client. In another C4Se. Mr. Aworth. of Liverpool sued Gaze and Sons, Lifulterl. his late employers. and three direc- tor* of the Company for alleged malicious prosecution. The jury found that he was not m liciously prosecuted. but that he was wrongfully Imprisoned. Judgment was entered for lie defendants.

ARVELLOIii POLYPITON MUSICAL BY THESt.SELVES like ordicary musical boxes, but, much su- perior tone. IJtJNDRIiDs of TUNES can be played. You can choose your own tunes. GBISI3A AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Paces from 121. 61 to £25. ARCFIER dr SONS, 43 To 49, LORD-STD:EI,

rflg M-- noxas PLAY ,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
White to play and win.

SOLVERS' LIST. Previous Problem MIA Total score. No. 9. Solu- Pts. tlon. W Taylor, Warrington, "J R." Pacigate, ........... 6 2 2 10 S Tavlin, Warrington 6 2 2 10 A Albinson, Lower Walton 6 2 2 10 Albinson, Sockton Heatb 6 2 2 10 E Donaghy, Padgate, 6 2 2 10 W igb. Padgate, ........ 6 2 8 " J A W," Warrington, F Wright, Warrington 6 2 8 D Plinston, IVarrington 6 2 8 J Green, Warrington 6 2 , 8 T Barnes, Sankey Bridges, J Dufficy. St. Belens, _ 6 2 8 " C P," Warrington 6 2 8 "E J P," Warrington.. ..... 6 2 8 J W Plinston, Warrington, A W Lawson, Warrington,— 6 2 8 J R Grieve, Warrington, 2 2 R Mercer, Padgate . 2 2 J Ross, Penketh 2 2

Several of our solvers having'aucceeded in finding a dual aolution to Problem No. 10, we have awarded th;se solvers two extra points according to rules. The Dual solution ia as follows. 27-32 15-10 5 9 18-14 26-33 7-16 14 - 7 4- 8 11-15 23-27 20-27 32-27 9-14 22-26 30-26 31-24 4el-14 8-11 (b)l5-19 27-32 6 9 27-18 14-17 17-22 23-23 _ _ . _ _

13— 6 (1)30 -23 (1)25-21 9-23 Black wins. Variation (1) : 4 8 9-13 16-20 22-26 20-24 5 9 11-16 15-19 25-2: 26-30 8-11 18-15 30-25 19-15 Black wino. (a) If 11-15 Black wins by first position. (3) If 15-18 Black wins by first position. THE WINNER OF No. 1 cUMPETITION. We have to announce that Life winner of our No. I Competition is Mr. W. Taylor, 8, Gordon Terrace. Marsb Rouse-lane, Warrington, to whom a postal order for 58 has been sent. 'the winner of our Problem Composing Competi- tion will be announced next week.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GAME No. 13. OLD FOURTEENTEL

The f3llowing game was played in the match, Cairo-straet 4. tit. Barnabse, between Mr. W. Tom- kinson and Mr. C. Powell, od Monday the 28th alt. Black, Mr. Tomkinson ; white. Mr. Powell. 11-15 6-22 15-18 26-30 22-26 23-19 15— 6 10— 6 27-23 29 26 8-11 2 9 18-28 22-26 26-31 . 22-17 24-20 6 2 31-22 25-22 4-8 1-6 2326 30-26 31-26 25-23 30-25 2 6 23-18 32--is 9-13 6-10 ' 26-30 26-17 26-22 27-23 25-18 6-13 18-13 19-15 5-9 10-15 8-11 17-22 12-16 23-18 19-10 32-21 14— 9 15— 8 9—is 7-3 3)-26 22-17 3-12 14— 9 21-17 10-14 9 6 20-11 15-18 9-13 23-30 17-14 22 8 23-15 17-14 28-24 10-17 Etre* wins. 9-22 11-15 30-25 13-23 26-17 14-10 14-10 24-19

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. No. 11. The trap given below is one which occurred in a game played between W. Rigby and J. Robens at Padgate, in the match Niigata v Warrington. The trap was Irougbt up from a single corner game as follows :

Black -Mr. Rigby, whin Mr. Roberts. 11-16 12-16 10-17 8 —ll 20-2 22-18 13-14 21-14 24-19 23-16 15-22 9-18 16-20 4 8 8-12 25-19 23-14 29-25 27-23 (a)32-27 (a). Losing more, tonsil:l,s ionsition on dlagrAin. [BLACK ]

LWRITEJ Black t) pl and win. 11-15 6 —29 '7 —ll et'. (a)l9-10 23-19 bltrik will. \lf 27-23. t 5-29 blams wins. The email diagra.st Li L..wp, 4 will enable our readers 5 l° Understand the mita- ••_^, ?ion by which the rnovre of tie game are recorded. Black occupies the squares numbered 1 to 12 and white those num- beret 21 t 5!.• The figures thus (.145) mdi- cote that a move is made from acid to th, squares so numbered.. Black has the opening 'neve and the pair 3 of figures apply alternstely to Bkok aud Whl a to the close.

INSTANTANEOUS RELIEF oF

Bag eeo afforde I many sufferers in Warrington. If thn'e was doubt in the mind nf 47:V suffeters from Asthma ori this town as to the truth ot t u asirns mi e for " Dr. dchifflnan's Asthma Cure," that doubt no longer remains, aroviding he Was among ttose who called at Dill and Co., The Cash Drug Storrs ia.y week and obtained a freesani)43 packsge.A great number who hive aln ad,' tried toe same declare its positive terms that relief yeas immediate ; that the wretched ',spasms were ch, cited ;tt at free expectoration vay induced ; thaa a r,clining noairion was readily as-mmed and grate- fully maintain. d ; that the sle-p which followed was vstful and uobrnken, and that the morning brought is 'clear heid and a feeltag of delighted thankfulness which no words aro too strong to describe. Almbdatt voluntary testi moniali pr Ate that " Dr. Schiff mann's Asthma Cure" nct only gives instant rtli.f in the w rit cases, but has positively cured thousands who were cotsidtred incurab:e. The remedy is now sold by all Chemists in pitka.,:es at 2s 6.1 and 4s 61,tbus bringing it within reach of all. Should any reader be unable to obtain it of his Chemist, it will be sent, post i tta Dr tt. Setiffataan'a D 6t. Z 2, 01.1,L.t..,Ec.

ery , , rA / IPiJa 0 ,

/4,1 9 A' 10 12 lasl 14 ."7 15 F#4 '9 ,/v 21 a 23 7,7 TA 24 r 44: 2 6 28 EZVEISXI 31 32 O.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9 1898

(Ail rights reserved.) THE

SECRET OF MARK PEPS.

BY FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean Marlon," "Dr. Dobbs," eitcs. CHAPTER =I. IN ARREST.

Even a hair throws a shadow, but Mark had not the suspicion of treachery nor a hint of tangible danger. An Indian always prefers subtle attack to apen fighting, and Goya waited his chance with a patience worthy of a better object. When Mark was unencumbered by the ties of matrimony, when he could buckle on his weapons and unswervingly face the enemy like a valiant knight, when he mixed more with the masses and was in daily touch with their aspirations and troubles, his enemies within the gates kept in the background; but so soon as the obligations of an exalted position made demands on his time and kept him almost exclu- sively within the Royal circle, with locked face and black heart Goya began to plot in downright earnest. It is hard to knock over a lie, because it has short legs, broad shoulders and good wind. Go'ya told many lies which, often repeated, were accepted by some as Gospel truth. The result supervened. There were no newspapers in Golden Vale in which those of high estate could read what was said of them, and nip a libel in the bud. For the chatter of irresponsible persons Mark had supreme contempt. Those who called us aliens were busy casting innuendoes, and so much did this exclusive tribe in their hearts dislike pale faces, that none gave us warning. In fact there must have been sly conspirators among the Royal guard, for by the most subtle stratagem plans were laid and carried out so skilfully that we were non- plussed in a trice. We had trodden on a nest of serpents, and the reptiles rose hissing with fury. k One evening I was spending a pleasant hour with my chief and his wife, when a detachment of soldiers surrounded the house, and Pecos ai3pounced that a high military officer had been admitted into the hall and desired an immediate audience. His commands were of a peremptory nature. Olive flew to her husband, and putting her ' aria about his neck, kissed him, and whispered in alarm: "If they have discovered the desecration of the Royal sepulchre we are lost!" Mark hushed her to silence, rose fearlessly, and strode out to demand an explanation and -an apology for this intrusion. Notwithstanding Olive's unpleasant reflections the vanity of the bride asserted itself, for she seized a silver mirror and set her hair in trim before it, then, beckoning me to follow, she tripped out. I stepped into the hall Just as the commander waved his hand and his men formed a cordon about us. Olive threw herself upon her husband's breast, her face betraying signs of dismay. Mark faced the officer and haughtily demanded the nature of his business and the pur- port of the parchment scroll be displayed. "Learn thou, Mark Pepys, consort of the Princess Olive, that Queen Kane hath issued this warrant for thine arrest. The lords military require thy presence three hours after sunrise on the morrow. The indictment sets forth three grave charges, to wit, that thou didst treacherously design to selze some of the Royal treasures; that a secreted plan of the city defences, drawn by thee, bath been found among thy papers; and that thou bast come as a spy and a traitor to seize Queen Kane and keep her for a ransom." Mark looked at the commander fixedly, his face drawn as though be smarted with a sense of great injury. Olive clasped her hands, stared at the document, and then threw her arms around her husband's neck. "By whom am I accused ? " asked Mark, a slight tremour in his voice. The commander lifted his eyebrows with surprise, and shook his head gravely. "The tribunal insists Upon thy safe custody, r, ho politely answered, bowing deferentially. 'An escort neither accuses nor 'defends; their duty is to the tribunal, thine to obey the Royal mandate." He tapped the scroll with his finger tips, which set Olive vageely wondering, as she gazed at the officer with a h elf-awed expression. "Who bath signed the order? " she asked, gripping the parchment with both hands and gazing wildly at the seal and signature. Mark folded his arms, his eyes glistening with defiance. Feces stood in the background yearning to help us in our dilemma, but kept at bay by the soldiers. Olive placed her left hand upon hex throbbing heart and her aiglat upon her burning forehead. "It ie. the Queen's seal and writing!' she exclaimed in a lialf-frightened whisper, looking importunately into the officer's stolid face, and again nestling close to her husband. "Xvil ones ever seek to do good men mischief. Either the Queen bath lost her reason, or this document is a forgery ! " "Princess," replied the commander in a harsh and imperative tone, "I warn thee that all th 3 words and actions . may be repeated in evidence against thy husband. Silence may spare thee much sorrow. Let us go hence." Olive relaxed her hold of Mark, and, facing the officer with much of her mother's dignity, she retorted, "If my husband's accusers were honest, they would not swear falsely against him." The officer bowed and smiled good-temperedly. My heart thumped with excitement, my flesh crept.. I set my teeth and clenched my fingers as I saw s cloud of scorn gather upon my chief s brow. "Mark," I said, in British idiom, "every cool has a richt t' crow upon his own dunghill resistance may land us in the dirt-tub. Folll plaits her am tawse, an' a wuman lays it on thick. Sing snia', an' kick at length." A cold, derisive smile was upon Mark's lips; hit eyes flashed, his whole bearing was one of supreme contempt for my e. I felt angry, and the thought flashed through my mind that the veil which had hidden the secret of his past was being rent. Hie steadfast ge.zi at me telegraphed that lie understood the sombre scrutiny of my eyes. Oh, the torture of that moment! For the hideous aspect of hit threatened degradation and deith was the keenest mental agony. Lucia Diaz was a prophetess! , In a voice, low :lad tremulous, Olive pathlsti- callv begged the soldiers to let her appeal to her mother for mercy, but she was repulsed with looks of disdain. Mark drew her close to himself, and kissed her forehead tenderly. "Have patience, my love," he said softly, "there is always hope while -the heart beats." When brave men shew tenderness, cowards strike. The commander stamped his foot impatiently, and knitted his brow. The soldiers menaced Mark with their weapons, crying : "To the tribunal, or death!" "He mocks our patience!" "Down with the traitor!" as though they were picked men for this purpose. "Oh, pitiless Heaven!" cried Olive, "why for- sake us in our trouble!" The guard closed in with a shew of force. "0 God, wither their arms! Let their eyes be blind and their brains chaided! Stand aside, teamsters! At your peril lay hands on the Princess Royal. Know yo that lam Queen liana's daughter!" "Hush! Olive, their duty is to obey," said Mark, "ours to render their task light.. lam the victim of a plot by disloyal and treacherous men, who strike at the throne through me!" "But there is no truth in tse charges'?" asked Olive excitedly. Every tinge of colour fled froth Mark's face and. lips, for he dare . not give them the lie direct. I sighed audibly, for his life was at stake. Olive's wild loveliness and despair made my heart ache for her. She shielded her husband, caressed him and • tried i ' n vain to persuade the soldiers that -they were deceived. Every minute increased our peril, for others, more threatening, slipped in and barred the doors. We were without 'means of defence, they were armed to the teeth; so all Mark could do was to protest and reluctantly comply. "Sandy," he said, "things look black for ice. I confide my dear wife to your dare. If the worst conies, beg the Queen to give you my pocket-book. . . . Have you a cigar?" he added, with astonishing sang-froid. The officer eyed me suspiciously as I drew out my case and offered it. hfark struck a lucifer and lit the cigar with the utmost coolness, and as the night air was chilly, he pointed to his fur-trimmed cap and overcoat. The officer comprehended, and ordered a man to take everything from the pockets. This act fired Olive with indignation. She stamped her foot, and would have darted forward to stop the search had not a soldier placed the haft of a spear before her and respectfully warned her not to interfere.

When Olive found she was to remain a prisoner in her own house, my admiration for her undaunted spirit was, only eclipsed by the depth of her love for my colleague. With a tierce gesture, her eyes blazing with scorn, she raised her arms and cried, "Let the Heavens rain red-hot dust to blind the eonspintors! Let the earth open and switliow Ott% and ail who aid him!"

At the mention of t.To.)a tile bowlers seized the •incess and dragged her into the room, u.tinE, only such force as was necessary to that end. Mark had walked out with a firm step, and I soon followed close at his heels, for Olive had quietly advised me to ascertain his destination and render what help I could to save him. It was a clear, starlight night, and as the inhabitants were gone to rest we were marched without interruption to the gate of the Royal enclosure. There they stopped me, for I had made up up my mind to share imprisonment with my friend. He shook my hand warmly and said: "Sandy, I trust to your loyalty and courage. Good-night." Left alone outside, I stood to gather my wits, when someone gently tapped my shoulder. Turning round suddenly I saw Pecos making signs for me to silently follow him. I did so, and when we were out of earshot he said the Queen wished to see me. word having been brought to him by a courtier, who entrusted him to hand me the key of Eana's private entrance. This I took, and when Pecos had piloted me to the door, he ran back home to the Princess. As soon as I turned the key the door was opened gently from the inside by the Queen herself! Even 1V the subdued light I could see that uncommon events troubled her. In a low, confidential tone she asked: "How fares the Princess Olive?" "The lady is smitten with grief at her lord's arrest." "The issue of my warrant was his only safe- guard. My harshness appeased his accusers, and gave me the only chance to plan his escape. Come!" We went speedily to her room, where she covered herself with a hooded robe of silk interwoven with feathered devices. She opened a secret door in her room, and we passed to the top of a flight of stone steps. Descending in the dim' light we came to a long subterranean corridor, through which we passed speedily, then ascended a flight of steps and, by a secretly-contrived door, gained access to the citadel where Mark was a prisoner. Evidently %Etna knew her son-in-law's "location," for she made straight for his room—otie set apart for high- class offenders awaiting trial. I noticed' the absence of guards, which distinctly proved that ' certain officers had connived at setting Mark free. The Queen knocked on the door gently with her finger nail. . "Who's there?" Mark asked in the Indian tongue, and without the slightest tremour in his voice. "The Queen," I replied softly in English. "Open quickly: it is I, Sandy." "When the Queen commands," he answered in Indian, "a loyal prisoner should obey"; this ironically. The door was unbolted, and Kana's dumb motions allayed my chief's surprise. We entered quickly, closing the door after us. The room was sparsely furnished, a wax candle burnt upon the bare table, and the rays of a young moon shone upon the tiled floor. "Why does the Queen honour me with this visit," said Mark proudly, "when I suffer degradation at her hands? " He stood at full length, with folded armF, waiting for the answer. Rana eyed him indignantly, her lips compressed, her brow knit. "I risk In y throne for Olive's sake and thine," she replied, precisely in the same tone. . • • _ -

ss„ "I come as a friend—though I am not sure that men lie concerning thee. . . . I had hoped," she added with a touch of bitter sarcasm, "that a man of honour could not stoop so low." Mark's • eyes drooped, and he turned aside, ashamed of himself. -"I signed the warrant to prevent thine assassination, although I knew thou once sought to do me harm." . Mark was staggered by such magnanimity. "A mad resolve, prompted by evil tale-bearers," he said. "Let me know my fate; I am prepared to face it. God help Olive! ' "A plan of the city buildings and defences hath been found among certain papers in thine old quarters. It was no compliment to me that thou didst believe I would receive thy stolen treasure. Had I not enough wealth without coveting thine? But I forgave thee because of Olive's rescue; and for thy youth and bravery I treated thee and thine as honoured guests. But Goya hash worked thy ruin, and embittered the priests against thee." ."Then no living man or woman can save me!" he exclaimed. "This is a sad blow for Olive." A chilling sweat ran down my back as Mark relapsed into a chair, for he now fully recognised the rare and generous instincts of Kane, and the hideous risk he had run. As the Queen approached him, he fell upon a knee, and kissed her hand as a token of submission and repentance. "Mark. the Queen comes to set ye free," said "an' Princess Olive is a party to the scheme." "Trust me to cover thy retreat," said Kana. "I forgave thy foolhardiness, and now my love for Olive and admiration for thy good qualities prompt me to save thee. Evil men rage for thy life. Thou (lost not lack courage, but for Olive's sake thou must escape!" "I cannot forsake my wife!" he gasped. prefer death to separation." "Olive will be safer with me until the excitement wanes," urged Kana. "Your presence is a menace to her. Trust me, and she shall be restored to thee at San Leno, alive and well. Art thou agreeable to follow my advice ?" "Mark, hesitation means death." "I have no alternative," I e answered with a long-drawn sigh. "If it please thee, generous Kane, I yield." , "Then cheat thy foes! My plan for thine escape cannot fail! Follow me; tread lightly, and speak not. Let the candle burn, and close the door gently. I shall need to return, .for a purpose." We three traversed the underground passages, and by a tortuous path through the Royal groves Kana conducted us to the city boundary. At a spot remote from ot servation we passed out by the Queen's Gate, to discover four horses—one a beast of burden—and a trusty Indian guide. At the farewell Kann wept, nl as she disappeared we could hear her sobbing as if her t cart would break, though she stifled her anguish by drawing her hood close about her face. The Indian advised us to fnount speedily, saying that if danger threatened the Princess, she would follow and seek us at a renOesvous agreed upon, among the Sierra Madre. I had my work cut out to screw up Mark's com- pliance with the Queen's request, for when the dread and excitement began to wear off he almost persuaded himself to go back and bring Olive. I knew such a course would mean capture and per- haps death for all of us, so I prevailed upon him to continue our flight. We were provided with weapons and ammunition, besides costly 'knick- knacks for presents. We avoided the straggling cottages, and rode along unfrequented trails, bear- ing south-east to reach the rugged mountains before daybreak. All the night we moved blindly, having faith in Kane. When danger threatened we lay low, and hardly breathed for fear of discovery. Mossy ground underfoot, a crescent moon overhead, the horizon jagged of forest and rock we rode stealthily onward. No man spoke, no light shewed, no chat or smoke, but the grass-muffled tread of our horses, and the moon-veiled figures, forbade the fancy that our escape was all a dream. Torture and death behind us, freedom ahead! Suddenly the warning cry of a suspicious Indian riveted our attention, and as the bold fellow ill- measured, our strength and shewed himself, I slio•ildered my. rifle in deadly earnest and speedily fired. A Maze—a puff—and whizz went the bullet! Phuttl ' With a cry more of dismayed astonish- ment than of pain, the dusky spy leaped into the air and fell on his back with a thud. "A good shot! " exclaimed Mark in a half- whisper. "Let us make a dash for it!" Not a flaw in Kana's plan; not a check tikl. now; not hardly a jolt as we sped from the fanatical priests and cheated the superstitious Indians of their victims. Then the excitement rose red4hot into my head, and I think Mark and the guide caught the infection. Yet Mark thought of Olive, and every step we took was a whip of steel lashing his brain. It seemed cowardly to rush from danger, and vet he knew it was the only course open to save his life and spare his wife suffering. Kane would be equal to the emergency, and save Olive. Mark trusted Kane, for he had once known the depth of his own mother's love. As the first rays of sunrise glinted on the upper ridges we drew bridle, and took our bearings. Thank God, we were safe now; and so we rested awhile. After several days' hard journey we stopped where a waving pine forest was communing with floods of singing water. The merry little ouzel's sweet and tender song flowed from his round breast like a stream over a smooth dome, and then the notes came dashing and strong as if the bird was wild with glee. His music blended with the trills of rapids, the gurgles of a hundred esldies, and the swirl of the sun-bowed spray. Lovable and constant, he neither sought nor shunned our company. "Watch how it flies round and round I the pool to oirk a phy•irl spot. There it aligles! It II swimming about for an easy reach to the

bottom. Down it goes!" cried Mark enthusiasti- cally, as the bird gave a sharp stroke of its wings and disappeared. This was the first time Mark had roused himself from a painful melancholy, for he wondered how Olive fared, and i.,,,,1041 himself for having shirked his responsibility. At that moment our Indian pil brought an ouzel's nest, round and mossy, and ut seven inches in diameter. It had an arch' 2/3ening at the front and resembled an Africi hut. The fronded hypnum mosses were bea‘,lnlly inter- woven, and upon the felting of the hale house tiny mosses grew as though on virgin jtound. The Indian was just explaining the position of the rock- shelf from which he took the nest wnen we dis- tinctly felt the earth beneath us quiver. Our dusky guide had his ear to the ground in a moment, 'but after listening awhile he raised himself, shrugged his shoulders, and looked bewildered. "Within the bowels of the earth," said he, "the devil stirs his cauldron!"

Mark passed the ugly omen off with a laugh abodt some distant avalanche.

"You've na sugar," said I testily, "an' ye're trying to fancy yer tea is sweet." Mark winced, my retort not being palatable. The Indian had his ear to the earth again, the terrified expression of his face shewing that hor- rible fears passed through his mind. Some dread- ful anticipation flashed upon Mark, for he laid his ,nd on my shoulder and shuddered with dread. -liandy, what of Olive, if Muro has laid waste the _ad killed the people with fire and sword?" 'Don't fancy the ocean is black because a ''h-fish inks the sea near us."

that moment across the placid waters there came a noise like the rattle of 'musketry. The opposite cliffs were rent asunder, masses of rock and trees falling into the water, which suddenly rose some two inches, end, moreoyer, was warm. The ground (layered, and a smell cf sulphur was in the

The bark and dismal whine of a Cog. attracted Us, and looking .to our left we saw faithful Jip limping towards us. We ran forward, and the animal expressed its delight, so far as its sore and bleeding paws permitted. .Tip's spirits seemed crushed by ill-treatment or a kiliing journey. Mark's lips grew livid ; he pressed his temples, .and said in a distressed voice: "Our enemies are on our track. They have used the bloodhound to scent us!" But his fire and courage suddenly returned, and he observed spiritedly: "We must play the manly part, and die with our faces to the foe!"

--- - I noticed that upon the b'ackwt tan part of Jip's coat was a. triangle with a dot in the centre painted red, and asked its meaning. "It is a sign from Pecos that try wife 11U danger! Come, Sandy, let us go back! If anything serious has happened to Olive, ail my happiness is tone!" So we turned our faces retolutely towards the :.olden Vale.

CHAPTER XXII. • RIGIIT ABOUT FACE. While we travelled, stirring events were tran- spiring among Kana's people, the which it is necessary to briefly set down here, as they were subsequently told me. It appears that after our departure the Queen acted with astonishing skill and diplomacy. By subtle means she obtained possession of the plan drawn by Mark, and burnt the same, stamping the ashes beneath her feet. In this and other cunning ways she reduced Goya's evidence to hard swear- ing, and he„ fearing the consequences of failure, determined not to prefer' the charge of connivance on Princess Olive's part. Our escape WB5 so convincingly accounted for that the large majority of the accusers were amply satisfied when they found the city was rid of as for ever. To confirm, this Rana issued a pro- clamation to the effect that no white men should be permitted within the boundaries of her terri- tory. Olive was primed to say she preferred the love of her kinsfolk to that of any paleface ; but the, e words cost her much secret regret and heartburn- ing. However, her popularity and the Queen's tact prevailed; the guard was immediately with- drawn, and the Princess had liberty to roam as she piensed. But Cloya had a tromp card tip his sleeve, which he now played trlurnp/tantly. Certain grave -hispers among the gossips proved how ctpt may .:eep a secret, hut Itee never. The loss of Kana's royal dead .passed, in ,confldence from house to house, and as the signs of the Great'rpirit'S wrath gathered about the valley Kana grew suspicious, and, not knowing the cause, she summoned a great council. ,There Goya. the man of strength from whom Mark wrested the prize, made a hitter speech, 'saying that woe is the lot of Golden Vale upon the desecration of the bodies in the Rerl eaverns. The knave proposed that Rana, her chief Misistels and priests, should visit the sepulchre at once, and give hearsay the lie direct if the bodies were un- touched. The Lady Olive, hearing whispers of this through Pecos, now made excuses for remaining indoors, and then refused to visit the Royal palace not- withstanding Kana sent messages of welcome, repeated with earnestness, and then as commands. When, therefore, the ugly tongue of scandal *agitated the ruble mind, and a lady of the Court came with greeting, but in reality to learn the reason of Olive's strange conduct, the Princess trembled with fear. "Kana is sad at heart; Pecos averred; "but venom lurks in Kana's hem t."

"The Queen is superstitious," answered Olive; -and if her people wax wild with rage, my nr)ther !area not refuse a victim to appesse their wrath. fherefore, good Pecos, let us gatlur all the money we possess, and such • jewellery as we can con- veniently carry; and, without goorls, extra clothes, or beasts of burden, let us wander forth in broad daylight, to avoid creating susnicion." "Happy thought!" exclaMed Pecos, pleased to see a way out of the dilemma. "With Jip as guide?" "Even so ; for the bloodhound can be trusted, whereas, if we journey forth with servants, Kana's anger will increase. Better go into exile than be disgraced first, and afterwards banished ; for it is an unalterable law in Golden Vale that whosoever accepts • the trust of watching the dead shall be thus punished for lack of vigilance. Cruel though it be, yet even the Royal children share the same fate as the cominon watchers. To lessen tempta- tion, the Royal car erns had no precious stones, gold, or silver deposited therein." "How are the accused watchers disgraced?" "My mother once told me," answered Olive, "that she had seen a young man tied to a tree, flogged, 'and then drummed out of the tribe, while boys and girls jeered and threw dust at him. He I had drunk imlque, and lowered himself below the level of the beasts, on the very day appointed for him to vis:t the step o'ires. Another was cast to. the wild beasts, and hi.A bones burnt in the fire of ilAstruction without th, city." Mive knew it would to useless to throw herself upon the mercy of the Queen if the priests de- manded her punishmenr, and therefore she strolled ?orth with Pecos and dip, neither hastening her steps nor tarrying until nightfall. But Goya hated the Princess because of Mark Pepys's prowess, and he made indecent haste to iirove the truth of his story. So it came to pass that Kana was soon bewailing the loss of her Royal dead and lamenting Olive' apparent lack of diligence. Goya agitated so effectually that all the latent savagery of Indian blood soon shewed itself. "An insult is offered our tribe," argued the demagogue; '.;concocted by Mark Pepys, and winked at by his wife." Therefore a feverish excitement seized the people, fomented greatly by the aspect of their local volcano. If calamity threatened the inhabitants, tradition reasoned that it could only be averted by blood. So racial prejudice was as fusel oil in spirits, stimulating, because fiery, but withal a deadly poison. -So mightily grew the feeling against Olive that it only wanted fanning to work the people into a rebellion. And alas! Olive's error of judgment in not at once shielding herself behind a mother's love—in not pleading for the Queen's forgiveness—tended to alienate sympathy. The best of us make mistakes, and the Princeks was but human. The coming of Mark Pepys, hailed with so much 4* light, was now construed into a visitation of the kl. One. And a half-caste, even though a Prin- 'A, fell in for a larger share of suspicion; for if Indians hated the white races they also feared -4tCm, but they usually despised one of mixed ,iood. In this the women fervently joined, so that the Queen soon found herself and a few honest friends comparatively isolated. For a time her energies seemed paralysed, and not even a con- soling religious belief could eradicate the super- stition begot of ancestral worship. The gossips exaggerated Olive's sin, and a verbal "whip" was issued summoning a council, which the Queen found it expedient not to attend. Measures prompt and drastic were contemplated, and Kane 's motherly feelings got the better of her judgment. The world should pity her; mothers

in particular can unaerstann her replying: "Tell the Ministers and prie.ts that I refuse to sit in judgment on my own daughter. They iinny. depose me, and mete out what punishment they wish, but I will never listen to arguments for the disgrace of my only child." And for evil purposes many cast this answer in, her teeth, that the Queen might be humiliated. Thus, instead of guiding her counsellors, Kane peremptorily defied them, and so gave Olive's enemies their opportunity to sway the multitude, The leaders soon determined upon a policy—to wit, the immediate arrest of the Princess, pending her trial for treason. A band of warriors was sent out with strict instructions to bring Olive, alive or dead. And so it befel that Mark's wife was over- taken in her flight and surrounded. Resistance was useless, pleading also of no avail; threats of Mark's wrath were scoffed at; the anger of Pecos was laughed to scorn. "Mark, Mark!" she cried in great anguish. wringing her hands and wildly gazing eastward in the vain hope of her appeal reaching her husband's ears, "come thou to thy wife's aid, lest this people wreak their vengeance on the innocent. God is witness that the guilt of this desecration lieth neither on thy heart nor on mine." The foot-followers who gathered about the cavalcade yelled with derision, and the military commander, seeing Olive's life in danger, became surly and growled: "Enough of this hypocrisy, Princess! My duty is plain." "Do thy duty," answered Olive, "but without insult. Dian found guilty by the law, I claim the law's protection.' This spirited and dignified answer abashed the commander, though in truth he was severe only to save the Princess. "Thou must return with us, my lady," he spoke in a decisive tone; "we having sworn to guard thee from harm by the way. SO strangle not our patience with much solicitation." "0 Mark, my husband!" murmured Olive in utter despair, "death shall be my lot rather than d isgrace. ' Then suddenly a thought flashed across her mind, and springing towards Pecos she nervously Whispered: "Pecos, we must go back with them; but, if chance offers, send Jip to the east after my husband. No other messenger is safe. Wilt thou promise? " "Aye, lady; trust Pecos." And the retainer bowed deferentially. Then with a sigh of relief the Princess extended her arms towards the commander, saying: "At the Queen's command, I yield." Goya was to the forefront, clearing the way, his black eyes fierce, his rough face exultant. The officer looked with compassion on the Royal captive, but the populace yelled with more impatient ferocity: "Why tarry so long P Let the gods be appeased!" And so Olive was made to retrace her steps, every mile adding to her discomfiture, for her arrest got abroad, and a great multitude came out to witness her return. At their windows women who had bowed the knee before her now shouted epithets in their frenzy; even the children were seized with a wild delirium, and patriarchs of the tribe smote their breasts and cried aloud: "Away. with this sorceress!" "To the judgment hall!" "Let this half-caste be tried for treason!"

Young maidens who had strewn bridal flowers in her path now gnashed their teeth, and would have laid their hands upon her but for the protection of the soldiers. Indeed, those made of sterner stuff now pitied the Princess, and kept the more revenge-. , ful at bay, even striking them and threatening to shoot them if they offered violence "Princess," spoke the commander, "the people are mad; they know not what they are about. Thou art weary and footsore. We will halt, that some provision be made for thy relief." Olive's pale lips moved, but great mental agony arrested her words. Thereupon he set himself to provide her with a horse, for which she tried in vain to thank him, the anxiety of her precarious position having wearied her nigh unto fainting. As for Pecos, he led Jip, and restrained the blood- hound lest he should jeopard'se his mistress by attacking the foremost who threatened to break through the cordon, for some madcaps foamed at the mouth with rage, and spat at the Princess, reviling her unceasingly. She swerved with physi- cal pain, but fought eown the feeling. A dis- hevelled hag threw a rotten orange, which struck the captive's cheek amid the delirious laughter of the ruffians and their women. Some of the soldiers laughed, and the officer's frown was met with the mob's wild gestures and devilish howlings. Olive's.conrageous demeanour won a )me admira- tion, that found no voice for fear of the surging crowd. • Sometimes the Princess would cast her eyes to the skies, and her lips would move as if in prayer. Her dark eyes shone with a divine light, for even in her utmost extremity hope buoyed her' soul. Calm amid that stream of humanity, Olive ' looked down at Pecos and spoke words of good cheer. The deformed Man was so &spited that few took the trouble to throw missiles a', him, and those who pressed around were afraid to kick the faithful hunchback because of Jip's fierce looks; but they irritated the poor beast by throwing stones and tufts of grass at him, from some of which Pecos escaped not, nor from the brutal horse-play t of Goya. And so back to her own home the captive Princess ith was driven---a heroine among wolves who howled 'W for her body that they might tear it to pieces. Her calm courage irritated the swelling mob, who cried mockingly: "Hail, Princess, thou art iongue-tied " "Thy white lard bath forsaken thee!" "A curse on thfel" It transpired, however, that some of the military leaders only meant their show of force to appease the people's rage, so that in calmer moments Olive should secure a fair trial. Thus, when the escort arrived with ,their prisoner at the square in front of the judo-tier t hail, the high priest, who had performed Ilark's marriage ceremony, stood forth upon the stone steps, and, looking down upon such a sea of red faces as the world will never behold apin, he made signs for silence, the which obtained, he cried with a loud voice, the tones reaching even to the very outskirts of the seething mass:

"Ye people of Golden Vale, the Queen-mother sends greeting. Hear ye her messsge. She hath delivered the Princess unto her people to do with as it seemeth best, knowing full well that ye desire- for the Royal prisoner a like justice such as ye would wish for your own offspring. In such dire extremity the Princess cannot defend herself, -and it is the vote of those to whom ye look for counsel that on the morrow the trial shall take place, in this judgment-hall, at the hour of noon or such earlier hour as the heralds shall proclaim. Ye have hitherto won fame for fair dealing, and what time ye would give a. commoner to prepare her defence ye cannot refuse Kana's daughter.. The Queen even now- Roth sick, as though- her heart stoppeth, but the safety of the State comes before even the Royal grief. Nana asks for to mercy that cannot, with justice, be granted. Since, therefore, our Qileen acknowledges the people's right, ye would do well to look with favour on a trial by jury after the next sunrise. What say ye?" The answer was a great howl from Goya and his malignant followers, mingled with many expres- sions of acquiescence; and after much tumult, and when the excited women had screeched themselves hoarse, the more rational among the multitude, who admired Olive's sublime endurance, led off 'the cries for a trial by jury. Thereupon voices were raised : "Agreed! Agreed!" This was followed by a large body marking time with their feet, not, however, as our English soldiers do, but by raising their knees and dexterously slapping the ground with the soles of their feet until a scuffling noise, rhythmical and loud, fell with welcome upon Olive's ears. It was at least a respite, during which some attempt might be made to rescue her.

"God give me courage," she prayed, "in the hour of my trial."

(To be continued.)

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's „ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, „ sore Throat from Cold, „ Cod at the Chest, Elliman's „ from Cold, Eliiman's „ Chilblains before Broken. RUB IN ELL3MAN'S. RUB IN ELLIAIAN'S. „ Corns when Pahtfuh „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, &c. Bottles 8i Is. 25. 45. Preparedbyt.Himan, THE ELLI AN PAINTIMI BOOK. Nine Coli..:ared Hurt iotz Fcerjes. Nine Btack and 'White c:c.P)nr. Send Stamps value of: Shct. Write your Address Phi/. l'utAis%ed by lEE;r7.n, Co—•

•

j h A . A .I.''. I A A ' I A A ,A. i I 1 i.'l i k , , , , , , i , , ; r 1 i 8 ' e 0 d ;1 11 h 7a at a- I 0 rt. re at e, ye by de nd reel le, Off me me ish ind of and sat ght the 4 f ;b , ./ 11, : 1 , gh K. ar. 0., ~ • .. .... _ .--•-.-)

===== 0002601_18981209_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

"M Y DEAR NELLIE, I saw the other day a very pretty blouse of pale pink chiffon. It was mounted on pink silk and trimmed in a trellis design with fancy white satin ribbons. A flat band of black velvet was placed at the edge of the square-cut neck and from under- neath the ribbon appeared frills of pink chiffon, the lower one being edged with a tiny riching of the same, and the upper one with white satin ribbon. I need not add that this locks well in many other colours including black.

adopt now e quite a matter of personal taste but I saw one which I thought looked very well. It was a very simple and artistic coil at the back, which was arranged with a tail of hair. The top loop of this design was formed of the wearer's own hair and the three lower ones with the artificial tail. A few short curls might be added, if desired, and I was informed that they could be bought separately.

pardon _ diversion of mine from the s-übject of dress, I should like to tell you of a gauged blouse which a friend of mine was wearing. It was an exceptionally pretty model in maize- coloured glace silk veiled with corded jet black chiffon, into which were let insertions of jet em- broidery. This trimming formed a striped yoke at the back below which there was accordion-pleated black chiffon. The sleeves were corded from _ .

shoulder to waist whilst at the throat and wrists Were tiny ruchings of black chiffon which tended to for to a full jabat in front. The waist band was also of folded glace silk.

I am glad to be able to tell you that transforma- tions are quite a eneciality, and these now take the place of the old-fashioned wigs, which were heavy and cumbersome. This head-dress has only a narrow foundation round the head, and fastens at the back with a hook and eye, and adjusts itself automatically to the size of the head with inser- tions of elastic. I may say that the fringe can be arranged in any style, and long, wavy hair falling over the back of the head, can, if desired, be combed in with the wearer's own hair. As you Will see, this alteration will be invaluable to people With very thin hair or partial baldness. Trans- formations are also worn by many people who have ample tresses of their own, as the hair being naturally wavy, they save all trouble of dressing the hair which is growing on the head. Weigh- ing less than two ounces, they are not uncomfort- able.

A charming ball dress for a young lady to which I have had my attention called was made of ivory. White satin, trimmed with insertions of gold passe- trienterie, which is studded at intervals with turquoises. The short sleeves are formed of frills of creamy lace, and a tucker of lace appears at the edge of the bodice. The skirt is cut in the latest fashion. With this is worn an opera cloak of turquoise•blue Bilk, lined with cream satin and trimmed with soft fur. Either the dress or cloak can be made in any colour, and in various kinds of silk or other material suitable for evening wear, at extremely moderate prices. The gown also looks Well in black satin, with trimmings of jet or coloured sequin passementerie.

You will perhaps be surprised to hear that d'oyleys of fine netting seem to be coming into fashion again, and they certainly are both pretty and useful. Other fashionable sets are made of Very fine silk canvas ornamented with darning in coloured filoselle, the lines being arranged to form Squares or diamonds, and the doyley finished with a little silk fringe. D'oyleys of gauze or muslin, daintily decorated with flowers executed in a new sort of paint which is said to withstand cleaning, flake charming presents, while 'a much less expen- sive but quite up-to-date set could be made of fine Fhite linen edged with drawn-work or lace Insertion, and embroidered in the centre with a large inital or monogram worked in fine flax or 'washing silk.

Your loving JENNIE.

11

_ ~, ...- :e. •••:•a_. 0 - frli,. 11/70 , ,A, ~, .4•4.6- 7/";,/ / „ . /4111///K4 • / •,, ~.., } t PIMA ~'•• '" l''''•i '',- $ 1;46 ilf•.;;;;I, ./,,,//4,,4// fq/..14/1 liel4ia's\ \ 'id/ \ I,•fit iptifl/ ili'. „ del .1, i\.h.‘ : ,',///7 '4C•l\•• V/77/ 11 ‘;', - • 714/ l 1 ~ The style of coriffore which we are to is -

4; SI,J-ii, i #ft,,--_--,,,-,t,i,----,--;;;Ir 9, V / • „‘i-'- (YA‘ 41‘•"'',, ‘ . -/•'"g: 1 ''. I i f';'-%,-,1-,.." , , ~ f ,t.w7 ~,,.:1 . :i..1 //..,•;-•-• 44,0.. f. .•',.%/ i://-/-1 '''''t-k 04:1% 017 - • /.e.;;7 .-. '',_.......... s. •-•.: ..--...._ ---- . - -- 1 . ....,. , -7 rt --...'7'• --.- f; - - . . ..„. ~; --.1 ----'• •', ......---.- . ' '`.. • 0 !q.:,-•,' \ :...c.-i22.5 -. ~.., kfr,,j4k '%•:. - If you will , this " - . .

or.;-,%- ~,,,,,i.•47 - ;,?.... I:: / 'I./,/, 1:'.4:4'-' , ' ,'-• -:- ';- 1 / ) i

===== 0002601_18981209_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Liver Seeds; Cr money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 144 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion, Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. • Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. ' Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this paper.. (COPYRIGHT* C A ULINE --4.—Torintirexernenatrtiteers.nt Advt.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL

A LIVELY MEETING.

A meeting of this Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Wiight) presided, and there were also present :—ARlzrinen Fairc'ou),h (deputy Mayor), Harrison, Sutton,Roberti, Bllckhus:, Bolton ; CannelHers Sha w Green, Pierpoint,F. R. Roberts,Plump- ton,Smethurst, Ellison, Duncan, 13,-nnet Evans. Baird, James Evans, Wilkinson, Jolley, Flear,on, Lee, Tinnion, Crosfield, Longton,Burton,Pcacock, J. L Whittle (town clerk), J. Fairhurs. (borough treasurer),S.Wilson(deputy town clerk), J. Dean (water engineer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), J. Sutcliffe, (asiistant borough sur- veyor). HANDSOME GIFf TO THE TOWN.

£2,000 FROM SIR PE FER WALKER'S FAMILY. The MAYOR said it was no,: often that the Mayor had such a pleasant duty to per- form an he had that night. It was his pleasure to announce and their duty to acknowledge the munificence of the family of the late Sir Andrew Barclay Walker of the gift of £2,000 for public purposes the objects of which he would pr t Bendy read to them. They were no doubt an are that last year they closed an account which was started by a gift from the late Mr. Peter Walker in March 1869 of the sine of £l,OOO which with accrued interest amounted to £1,275. It was their special " memo " fund and good use was male of the money. On examining the account he found that in ad- dition to redeeming a chief rent on the Market Hall and giving the well-deserved gratuity to their lane Chief Constable for his long services, the Corporation altered and improved the Town Hell at a cost of £566 and spent £503 in extensions at the Museum. When the account was closed a statement showing the way in which the fund bad been usr d was sent by the Town Clerk to Messrs. Walker. Sir Peter Walker immediately res- ponded by offering to re-open the account with another £lOOO but for obvious reasons it was thought advisable not to disclose Sir Peter's handsome offer. Since then, however, he had the pleasure of meeting Mr, Henry Greenall who handed him a letter from Sir Peter Walker repeating the offer and expressing the wishes of his family that the Corporation would accept a turther sum of £lOOO in memory of his grandfather the late Mr. Peter Walker. The letter read as follows :—" Osmaston Manor, Derby, let December, 1898. Dear Mr. Mayor, It has been brought to my notice that the gift of my late grandfather Peter Walker, of £lOOO for the benefit own of Warrington, has now been exhausted, by the courtesy of yourse'f and the Town Caonfledtrhirhe t ,a had an an opportunity of peril ing the accounts re- lating thereto, I, and other members of our family, should for the sake of old and present associa- tiona be much gratified if the town of War- rington would do us the honour 6f accepting a secord gift of £l,OOO for the same general purposes. Will you kindly bring this matter before the Council, and also ask their ae,ceptance from the same source t.f a further sum of £l,OOO for a fountain to be erected in the space in front of the Town Hall l'or any other site to be approved by yourself and the Co incil in memory of n 25, grandfather the late Peter Walker.—l remain,Mr. Mayor, yours very truly, Peter Walker." The Mayor said personally he felt very gratef al to Sr Peter Walker and family for their great kindness and he was sure that they and the town generally would join with him in a grateful acknowledgement of the munificent gifts There would not,he hoped,he the remotest hesitation in carrying out the wishes of Sir Mar Walker as indicated in the letter. It occurred to trim that a small com- mittee should in the first plate be appointed to confer with Sir Peter Walker or his solicitor, Mr. Henry Greanall, as to the best way of carrying out those wishes He had much pleasure in proposing "that the Council desire to place upon record and convey to Sir Peter Walker and family their grateful acknowledge- ments for his munificent gifts which the Council most respectfully accept on behalf of the inhabitants of the Borough."

Alderman SUTTON' said he had much pleasure in seconding the re3olution. He felt certain the Council would appreciate the noble gift as it deserved to be ap- preciated. He well remembered the gift to which the Mayor had alluded, the gift of £l,OOO from the late Mr. Peter Walker, and he should never forget thl mans' diffi- culties it got them out if with regard to charitable and other purposes whore they could not use the money of the ratepayers. He hoped the generous gift now made by the grandson would be as useful as that of tho gift of the grandfather, and that such a manifestation of good feeing on his part would meet with a corresponding feel- ing of gratitude on their part. Notwithstanding the conscientious scruples which some of them might have with regard to the business with which the family were connected, he hop( cl that the good feeling which now existed might increase enc., strengthen. (Hear, bear.) The rosolution was put and carried.

The MAYOR thought it also nece:sary to propose that the anal of £l,OOO be handed te the Finance and Estate Committee to form a fund to be called the Walker's Gift Account •, and further that a small committee be appointed to obtain designs and report upon the most suitable site for the erection of a fountain in memory of the late Mr. Peter Walker.

Councillor BENNETT seconded the motion, and said he wished to add his little testimony to the munificent gift of which they had heard that evening. The whols of the people would be'gratified with the proof that Messrs. Walker had given that they were intere,ted in the wel- fare of the town, and that they desired to do what they could to promote its interests. Ha hoped that some other of their wealthy men would act in a similar spirit. An incident had occurred in the history of the b -Tough which had not been in any way commemorated, and which ought to be commemorated before the year closed. That year, amongst all the various events of interest to tbe town— The MAYOR: Has what you are saying any reference to this particular matter before the Council ? Councillor BENNETT : It may have. Continuing, he said that last year they celebrated the jubilee of the Corporation, and now they were about to celebrate the jubilee of the Museum. There was another event which ought to be celebrVed, namely, the centenary of the formation of the Warrington Volunteers— the original .1. to 'its—who were formed at a critical period in the history of this land. And the volunteer movement had strengthened, and the volunteers of Warrington had not performed an unworthy part in that movement. The centenary was an interestinz event, and out of the fund to which reference had been made, or by coins other means, they shsu'd do something to show that they appreciated the spirit which actuated the Bltv- backs in the year 1798. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR I don't want to stop you, but-- Councillor PIERPOINT : It is a more fitting subject for a sub-commi'tee to consider.

Councillor NNETT : But the event is One of great public interest, and it ought to be celebrated in a befit- ting manner. Alderman ROBERTS said be was afraid silence of one or two of them with conscientious scrupl.s " might be misunderstood. Ha miqht therefore say that bis scruples to a trade did not blind him t) an act of munificence en the part of the Walker family. On his own behalf, and to some extent on behalf of others who agreed with him he wished to Say tkat they recognised the handsome gift to the town, which would prove.to.be of great utility. . .

Councillor Straw GREEN said that be also heartilY re- ciprocated all that had been said about the gift. The proposition was that there should be a fountain, but he contended that that they had a far mere pressing need, namely, that of a Technical Institution. That was a matter that stood before them pre-eminently at the pres- ent moment. They would shortly have to close the Technical Schools, and a number of students would drift away from place to place. Ho hoped that some others of their wealthy men would emulate the example which had been set by Messrs. Walker, and assist them to raise the neaessary funds for Technical Schools. Ho suggested that the sum of £l,OOO he appropriated as the nucleus of a fund to he raised with that object in view. The MAYOR We shall have to respect the wishes of the donors. Councillor SMETHURST said that he also appreciated the noble gift which had been made to the town, and he hoped the Council would not depart from the suggestion which had teen made by the donor. But he rose more particularly to ask why another committee than the flown Hall, Park and Baths Committee should be depu- ted to undertake the work. If there was to be a fountain in the Park, why could not the Park Committee be allowed to take the matter in hand ? It should not be delegated to another committee. If there was not sufficient talent or judgment amongst the members of that committee=

-- The MAYOR : There is no intention of that sort, and we shall be very glad to take the committee into our confidence. But I don't think that it is necessary to have a committee composed of 12 or 14 men. Councillor SMETHURST said he did net Fee why the matter should be delegated to any other committee. If the members of the Town Ball Committee were not capable to discharge them, lot someone else lake up the duties. If there was a bit of an honour about any matter there was a desire to give that honour to some- one else than the proper parties. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR : There is no desire of the kind, I assure you. Councillor SMETHURST: I object, and I propose, as an amendment, that if a fountain is to be erected the Town Ball. Park, and Baths Committee have the matter in hand. The MAYOR The matter will have to be deferred. What about the general principle ? What is there to object to in that ? (Cries of " Vote, vote.") Alderman SUTTON We are waiting time in discuss- ing the matter now. Councillor SMETHURST inquired if the proposition had been seconded. The MAYOR replied that it had, and said he thought Councillor Sm-thurst was under a misapprehension.

NATIONAL TOAST.—" Here's to John Sandy in Grant's Morella Cherry Brandy I" Acknowledged by all to be delicious and comforting, and well calculated by its soothing properties to make all parties work together for the benefit or the nation. Sold everywhere.— Taos. GRANT AND Smsel Idaidstone.Uplakerspfof Cherry Whisky, Sloe Gin, ao. •

Councillor SMETHURST : lam sorry if I am. Alderman BOLTON, who came into the room late, was sorry he had not hard all that had been said, but he understood that £l,OOO had been given by someone. He thought the Town Hall, Park, and Battis Committea should be left to do their own work. The Mayon Q rito right. No one said they should not do so, It is ridiculous altogether. Alderman BOLTON : We have had too much of this sort of bu.iness with the Property Parchaiing Coramittes ; so muell so that lain quite tired of it. The MAYOR The question now is abint handing £l,OOO over to the Fin ince Committee to form a fund to k-13 called the Walker G.ft Account &c. Councilor SMETHURST : I was under the impression that both matters were to be put together. The resolution was carried. THE VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.—INVITATION TO THE COUNCIL. The MAYOR said he had another pleasing announce- ment to make, and that was from Colonel Ridgway and officers of the Warrington Volunteer Corps, inviting the Mayor and other members of the Corporation to a con- cert and prize distribution to take place on Monday, December 197 b, at 7.30 p.m., in Parr Hall. Those who wished to attend must give in their names to the Town Clerk, who would accept the invitation on their behalf. THE DUTIES OF TOE POLICE UNDER THE LICENSING ACTS.

The havort pripsed the adoption of the ininotes of the Watch Conanutteetwhish was seconded by Alderman Harrison.

Councillor SHAW GREEN asked for information as to the dasies of a sub-committee appointed to assist the Chief Censtable in carrying out the duties of the police under the Licensing Acts. Alderman BOLTON : To visit public-houses and mahe themselves a general nuisance. (Laughter.) The MAYOR : The duty of this sub-committee is to assist the Chief C instable in the insp ctim of various houses where they think an alteration should be made for their better supervision. Care was taken to appoint no magistrates on the sub-committee. . . . .

The"minutes of the Watch Committes were then adopted. The minutes of the Finance Committee were con- firmed on the motion of Councillor J. Shaw Green seconded by Alderman Fairclough.

PROPERTY PURCHASING IN WARRINGTON. TO WHOM SHALL IT BE ENTR.US LTD ? WARM DEBATE.

Alderman SUTTON proposed and Aldaman BIACKRURST seconded th 9 adoption of the,minutes of the Straw; Im- provement Cotnmittee. .

Alderman ROBERTS suggested that he should at that point propose the resolutions which stood to his name at the end of the agenda, and this having been agreed to after Same discussion, he moved "That the duties of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee, as defined ors page 16 of the printed proceedings of the Council,be amended and altered as follows:—(a), By the rescinding of paragraph 2of the said duties ; (b), The substitution of the following duty :—" To negctiate the purchase of any land or building far the above purpose, , other than lands or buildings scheduled or incldded in any Provisional Order or Act of Parliament." He said he had not given notice of that motion vithout a great dsal of serious consideration. He did not know whether every member of the Council vas aware of the fact that for the past 15 or 18 years the interpretation put uponthe duties of the Street Improvennt Committee in practice by that Council had limited the purchasing of properties by that committee to such properties as trespassed upon a general line of street and were required for the purpose ot malxinit that line uniform from one end to:another.Bat all properties required to be purchased by the Corpora- tion under Parliamentary powers or the pewers given by a provisional order for a general scheme of improvement had by the practice and custom of the Council been delegated to a special committee of the General Purposes Committee, known as the Property Purchasing Sub- Committee. That practice had been found to be on the whole very beneficial to the town. He claimed as a primary condition to the appointment of any man on a committee, whether the Street Improvement or General Purposes, that he should bays no intarest, directly or indirectly, either on his own account or as an agent for any other party, in the sale to the Corporation of any property. (Hear, hear.) Alderman BOLTON : Why didn't you put that in the resolution? •

The MAYOR : No interruption. Let us go on. Alderman ROBERTS (continuine) said he admitted at once that a strict interpretation of the duties of the Street Improvement Committee, had it not 10-ion for the practice and oust.= which had existed so long, would entitle the Street Improvement Committee to claim to have the right to purchase properties required to be pur- chased by the Corporation under Parliamentary power, or under a provisionalorder. The powers necessary had to he acquired by the sub-committee of the General Pur- poses Committee, and be contended that the purchasing of the property ought to be done by the same sub- Committee. Anotmr reason why this Property Pur- chasing Subcommittee ought to deal with the matter was that the Street Improvement Committee was neces- sarily more liable to change in its personnel than the General Purposes Committee, and seeing that some of the schemes of property purchasing extended over a period of years, it was desirable as far as possible that some men should have to do with the carrying out in its entirety of a scheme when it was once entered upon. There had been no objection raised, so far as be knew, to the constitution and power of the General Purposes Committee Sub-Committee until the present time, and he could not understand now, seeing that the committee had done as well as it had, why the objection should be raised, considoing the fact tnat for 18 years the Pro- perty Purchasing Sub-Committee had been carried out so successfully and to a great extent with satisfactim not only to the Council, but to the whole body of the ratepayers. He failed to uaderstand this reason of the objection. Flo did nat want—and he was not going to do unless he was driven—to take up the personal side of the question which he was particularly anxious to avoid.

Alderman Suwon' Impel Alderman Roberts wouldstate everythine he had in his mind at once, and not leave it till his reply, when no one else could say anything. Alderman ROBERTS (continuing) remarked that be WAS too old a hand at discussion tc give his case away in its entirety. It might be unnecesrary to say anything in the direction alluded to by Alderman Sutton. He hnped it would be so. He wished to leave unpleasant facts out of consideration. Assuming that the motion on the agenda in connection with the Street Improvement Com- mittee were passed, what a ould be the effect ? The effect would be to leave out of the Property Purchasing Committee the et-Mayor, the Chairman of the Finance Committee, and himself. As far as he was concerned it did not matter very rouch,but it was a curious coalmen- tery on the decision that a certain solicitor said to a friend of his within an hour of the resolution being car- ried by the General Purposes Committee" We have get rid of Fairclough and Roberts off the Property Purchas- ing Committee at last." No two men had worked harder or stood out more obstinately against what they be- lieved to be the exorbitant &aims for property in Bridge- street than the ex-Mayor and himself. He did not say they did not get the loyal support of other members on the committee,but they stood out more obstinately than anyone else. Why were solicitors glad that the ex-Mayor J and himself were off? Wby because to some extent the ratepayers would bit worse off and they batter offi

===== 0002601_18981209_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Ex A MINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1898.

chasing property. Yet they claimod the c-eJit for every- thing. Alderman ROBERTS : Ido not. Alderman BOLTON : I shall support the Street Im- provement Committee. Alderman ROBERTS : That is b.ecause you are nomin- ate 1 on the now sub•committee..

Alderman BOLTON : I shAll retire. A:derman ROBERTS : There are some lawyers in War- ringtoa who would not like you to retire. . _

-- Alderman BOLTON : There is not a lawyer in War- rincten I care 21. for. (Laughter.) Alderman SUTTON said he Utile] to sea any just or Ireasonable ground for making any alterations in the du- ties of the Street Improvement Committee, and he con- tended that such an alteration as proposed by Alderman Roberts was altogether unnecessary and uncalled for. It did not require any stretch of the imagination or elo- quence to coaviece them of that which their own com- mon sense would tell them was as plain as a pike staff. Alderman Roberts or some other euthusiastic member of the Council had furnished one of their local newspapers with information on the subject which was entir,ly in- accurate and calculated to mislead the pub- lic. He therefore felt bound to lay before them a few incontrovertible facts, which would prove the absurdity of Alderman Riberts's arguments. Clause 2in the list of duties prescribed for the Street ' Improvement Committee read as follows :—"To negoti- ate the purchase either by agreement or under any corn-1 pulsory powers vestal or to be vested in the Council of such land or buildings as may be necessary for the pur- pose of effecting such improvements." Clearly and un- mistakably that provided that all negotiatioas for the rurchase of properties for street improvements were to be made by that committee. Continuing, Alderman Sutton said : This rule has been in existence since the incorporation of the borough, and ie fulfilment of the duties so impo7ecl on them the Street Improvement Com- mitree have always, until just recetrly, entered into negotiations for the purchase of all properties required for street improvements, and were never known to for- feit the confidence of the Council by completing a pur- chase before the sanction of the Council has been ob- tained thereto. That was an important point and a very different procedure to what had been done by the Property Purchasing sub-committee. The duty of nego- tiating for and purchasing the various properties for the widening of Bridgc-street, from Bridge-foot to Friars'- gate, in the year 1884 and 1885, was carried out by the Street Improvement Committee alone, without the in- terference of any other comrnittee,and they successfully completed the whole business in less than half the time it has taken the General Purposes Sub-Committee to settle the still pending and unsatisfactory business con- nected with the widening of the second portion of the I street, and that, toe, without having to resort to arbi- tration. Mr. Alderman Roberts said that for the past 15 or 18 years the Street Improvement Committee has had nething to do with purchasing property. I Alderman RUBERTS I have told you nothing of the kind.

Alderman SurroN : If you did not say that Ido not understand what you did say. Alderman ROBERTS : What I said was that th 3 Pro- perty Parchaslng Sub-committes was appointed some 18 years ago.

Alderman SUTTON: That shows that you make state- ments from in+ormation you have had to obtain from the Town ulerk or 801119 other person._

Aldermon ROBERTS : I was not in Council 13 years AtuerMalS SUTTON ThellirOra you should not make statements that we can prove are not correct. There is no record appearing on the minutes of the Council pro- ceedings that the General Purroses Committee ever appointed a sub-committee to deal with the purchase of pmnerties for street improvements prior to August, 185, when a special committee was appointed to negotiate and report upon the purchase of property for the widening of Bridge-street." Again, in December, 1895, a General Purposes Sub-Committee of six was appointed, and the resolution was worded, " with full newer to put in force the powers and provisions of the Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirma- tion Act relating to the widening of Bridge-street, and reporting to the Committee from time t) time thereon." Complaints have been- constantly made that the last- named sub-committee never fully reported their pro- ceedings from time to time, as directed, and that neither the General Purposes Committee nor the Council could ever ge 63 know what was being done in regard to: Bridge-street. That they further took upon themselves Iduties properly belonging to the Street Improvement Committee in reference to the widening of the street, and so made themselves respon=ible for the serious blunder which has been made in not obtaining the proper width in one important part of the street, the full explanation of which does not appear to be yet known by every member of the Council. I refer to the purchase of Johnson's shop. I say they made a blunder and a mis- take such as the Street Improvement Committee would not have made. We were calmly ignored from bvinning to end, and that is not the state of things that ought to exist. In conclusion Alderman Sutton said be thought he had laid before them a statsment fall of incontrover- tible facts. He had been a member of the Council for over 20 years, and a member of the Street Improvement Committee during the whole of that rime, and he had taken part in the purchase of properties in Warrington from that time until now. He put it to any gentleman present whether he had ever false* advantage of his position in any respect. Whenever the Street Improve- ment Committee dealt with the parchase of property he always retired, and he had put himself off the Property Purchasing Committee. _

Aldermen ROBERTS : Was that worth anything what- I ever ? It was not worth much to the ratepayers. Alderman SUTTON : Air. Roberts cannot under any I circumstances refrain from being personal. Alderman ROBERTS : What are you now ? Alderman SUTTON: I am only talking about the Committee and the action of the committee, and not I about any individual. He pat it to them in all serious- ness whether they preferred to leave matters in the hands of the Street Improvement Committee, who never yet proved themselves incompetent, or leave them in the hands of a committee who had blundered and misman- aged its duties,and treated the Council with indifference and contempt. Councillor BENNETT said they had been kept in the i dark with regard to the proceeedings of the old com- mittee. He had been asked why the improvements in Bridge-street had been so long in being executed, and be had been as ignorant on the subject as the people who had asked him the qeestion. That feeling had been accentuated by the committee's action in respect td the I shop at the corner of Rylands-street. He heard of the , matter in a most accidental way, and was indignant i with the committee for taking the action they did with regard to the width. The explanation of Alderman Roberts on the whole matter had put a different light upon it, and his suggesriou was the happiest solution of the difficulty. The resolution which Alderman Roberts had proposed would manure on the committee the best men they could possibly get for that very important atd necessary besiness, and he was prepared to support it. Alderman SUTTON observed that the Street Improve- ment Committee would have no objection to allow ad- ditional names to be added to the committee. I Councillor HELTON said that as a member of the Pur- chasing Committee he wished to say that he was appoin- ted on that committee without being asked. , He had I served on the committee. and not one of the objectione that had been raised that night applied to him. He neither beloneed to a lawyer nor did he collect for any property, and he did not do anything but leee after hie own businese. His valuation of the Feathers Hotel was £4,500, and the arbitrator put it as worth £4,600. Alderman Sere-row : What is the value of the license now? Councillor Titeettow:: Nil. (Laughter). The Maven: You can do no good by going into that matter It is really a waste of time. now. Councillor BEATON : I have been asked my oninion. If the license was mine I should get all I could for it. (leauehter.) Councillor ..LetiE9 EAVNS said as a member of the Street Improvement Committee he took exception to the formation of the :sub-committee which had been ap- pointed to deal with the perches° of Property. It was unfair to form sack a committee where only members of the Street Improvement Committee would be reopen- sible for all property purchased. The general diecussioe had convinced him fully that the whole of the mischief, not only of the Street Improvement Committee, but of the Property Purchesing.Committee, had been brought about by the secrecy which had been observed by some sub-committees. He took it that the motion brought forward by Alderman Roberts was for the purpose of forming a special committee, and he would like to ask if the proceedings of that committee would appear on the agenda as Was the case with the other committees ? Alderman BOLTON: No they won't, Councillor JAMES Evews : lam not asking your epin ion Alderman Bolton, Alderman ROBERTS said the proceedings of the pro- posed committee would appear on the agenda of the Council meeting. That was his intention in moving the resolution. Alderman SUTTON (warmly) : Is the Street Improve- ment Committee competent to deal with its own work or not ? That is the question. (Hear, hear.). Councillor JAMES Evatis 411 will be the business of the committee to report to the Council ? The MAYOR : I take it that that will be so. _

Councillor lAIILES EVANS : And we shall have an oppor- tunity of criticism and discussion,as in the case of other committees.

The MAYOR I suppose that is so.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
401:.• S 9 S

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
GEIATEFUL-COM FORTING.

tor c OA

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER,;::

Alderman BOLTON said he was as good a man as Alder- man Roberts on the Pocenasin.; CJarnitea. _ .

Alderman ROBERTS wished his friend was capable of understanding what he vras saying. He had made no personal reflections. He did not wsnt to do. He had no reason to do. Alderman Bourox I will show my haul if you do. _ .

Alderman ROBERTS replied that he could show both hands if he liked. There had been property purchased in Warrington to the extent of £16,000 for which pur- chase Alderman Fairclough had borne the re:poesibility, and he was one of the men who was left off the com- mittee if the minutes were passed as they stood. Alderman SUTTON : That does not follow. We can add to our numbers. Alderman ROBERTS: Whom do you mean by" We ?" Alderman SUTTON I mean we. not I. Alderman ROBERTS said that in connection with the purchases during the past twelve months the following facts might tri of interest. They had a claim for one property of £8,240. They bought it for £5,335, thus saving the ratepayers £2,905. They had another claim for £15,200. They bought teat-- Alderman SUTTON: I think this is going a bit toe far. Is it necessary to talk about either what was asked or what was given ? We know everything that took place. We know now although you tried to keep it a secret at the time. The MAYOR held that Alderman Roberta was justified in continuing his remarks. msAtltd,err,mara SUTTON: It is unnecessary to go into this Councillor SMETHURST : We had all this before. We do not want it continually coming up. The MAYOR held that Alderman Roberts was quite within his right. He asked that there should be no interruption. Alderman ROBERTS said the facts were no doubt rather unpleasant, but they formed a part of his case, rind they had got te be put. They had another claim of £15,200. They bought the property tor £4,601, and saved the ratepayers £10,590. Alderman SUTTON: Oh ! very clever. Alderman ROBERTS said they had a third property from the trustees of Samuel Sutton amounting to £7,920. Alderman SUTTON: Quite right. Alderman ROBERTS : And added to that there was a claim from one of the tenants for £525, making the total £8,445. Alderman SUTTON: The trustees did not make that claim. Alderman ROBERTS said they settled that by the Cor- poration agreeing to give 400 yards of land at £6 per yard, or £2,400. They also gave £3,000 in cash, and £2OO for legal expenses, and £3OO to give to Mr. James Mottram. How much had Mr. Mottram got? He , wou.d !Wee Alderman Sutton to answer that.

Alderman SurroN said the statement with regard to the money paid to the trustees and for legal expenses was entirely inaccurate, and proved t it Alderman Roberts didn't know what he was talking about. T these details. t is neeessary to go into Alderman MeraliaTn: nSUTTlondothought itwas taking up the time of the Council. Alderman ROBERTS said the figures were supplied to him by the Town Clerk. Alderman SUTTON : I must look then for £2OO further that you agreed to pay. Alderman ROBERTS said the difference between the money claimed and paid was £2,545. There were other smaller properties on which money had been saved. He asked the Council to seriously consider whether there wad any good reason for a change. There was no desire on his part in dubrnittine, his resolution to infringe upon the duties of the Street Improvement Committee. The Towt.T CLERK : I think it only right to say that the information Alderman Roberts refers to was sup- plied by me at his request. Alderman ROBERTS said that was so. The information was not given voluntarily. Councillor PLUMPTON, as a member of the Street Im- provement Committee, said he had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. He thought that in the pur- chasing of property there was too much at stake for them to form the Property Purchasing Sub-committee out of the members of the Street Improvement Commit- tee. He did not see anything unfair about the resolution seeing that the Street Improvement Committee would have the power of appointing two members on the pro- posed special committee. Alderman BOLTON slid he thought Alderman Roberts might have informed the Council what were the duties of the Property Purchasing Committee in the first place. He had not done so.

_ Alderman ROBERTS : I have. I stated distinctly that the Property Purchasing Sub-committee should only pur- chase such property as scheduled or includedin any fro- visional Order or Act of Parliament.

_ Alderman BOLTON: You give no reason why the Street Improvement Committee should not have a Pro- perty Purchasing Committee of its own. If they had no sub-committee to form an Emlrgency Committ ie what Was the use of talking abut a Property Purchas- ing Committee. 'The Street Improvement Committee had as much right to be considered to have men upon it who could be relied upon as any other Committee of the Council. They had a right to appoint a sub-com- mittee for property purchasing. They wanted men on the Committee who could be trusted to make the best bargain possible for their town and the ratepayers. He referred to the purchase of Johnson's shop in Bridge. street and said a bigger blot was never placed on the Town Council. The whole thing was signed, sealed and delivered in secret, and it had only just come out. That was the matter that had caused all the squabbling. If they wanted things to be straightforwara they should trust the men who were acting. • Alderman FAIRCLOMIR : We could not have carried that purchase through if we hid divulged What we had done. Alderman ROBERTS: I was not on that committee,and you were. Alderman BOLTON : You osked me my opinioa and I gave it, but you would not tell me what was given. Alderman BUTTON : They are ashamed of tnemselveS. (Laughter.) Alderman BOLTON : They found that ia carrying out a big scheme like Bridge-street improvement every other member of the committee was an auctioneer, an agent, or an architect, and I said "if you have any claims to conscience it would be better for you to retire." But some of them were very thick-skinned. Ile should like to say that the Finance Committee did not shine in the matter of the new park, and there were members of the General Purposes Committee who did not shine in pur-

===== 0002601_18981209_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE " .LS.

Bile, Sidow Complexion, and Bich Headaches promptly: and care e' so as to stay %Fed. ',le. le',

AWN) BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who nae daily on the tooth brush a few strops ot Ass SOZODONT the pleasantest dentifrioe In the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, t•osy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. $" BOZQD9IiTi go. 5c1.,

LIVER PIL, y• Bme•!. 2111 b„, Retail Dose. A R &luta Price. ITTLE Forts in I. IV ER vial. ,'U ParayVege-I table. Cure TorpidLiyer,

them s, Chemixts,,.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
loo,v

Address (a postcard v 60, 61 &

[Please mention this paper.?

Councillor JAMES EVANS said if tiat was so he should vote for the motion.

Councillor SUM GREEN:observed that there must be a sub-committee for the purpose of assisting the Town Clerk and the Mayor in cases of emergency. Alderman SUTTON: Let the Street Improvement Com- mittee appoint it, Councillor Saw GREEN: There are times when prc- perty has to be bougist without an opportunity being afforded of consulting the committee. Alderman SUTTON : Property has been purchased be- fore and the corn nittee have not knewn about it. That is a mistake, and we will not have— Councillor &taw GREEN Tnere are times when pro- perty is Sold by auc:ion, and imidenly it is discovered that it or some portion may be absolutely necessary for the improvement of the streets or for some other matter in connection with the town. Alderman 131ACICHURST ; That is no secret. Councillor SHAW GREEN : To enable us to do this it is absolutely neceAary te have a sub-committee, and no objection to such a committee has ever been raised that I know of.

Several members at thcs point rose to speak, where- upon toe MAYOR remaiked " We shall he here all night." Cumcillor CROSFIRLD : Here all night ! Councillor Sivaw GREEN (centioning) aid he desired simply to state the truth. Aidlrrnan Roieerts'e resolu- tion did not intend to vary' or alter the existing state of things. What he suggested wal ttiet properties to be purchased under an Act of Pardtme.nt or Provisional Ordr should be leftNinitho hands ora scecial anittel

Alderman SUTTON : We have a sub-committce. Councillor SHAW GREEN: Yes, and you have actually appointed four members out of the seven composing the old sub-cornmittee.Continuing he remarked that nothing could be more reasonable than the resolutions as worded. So far as he kaew,they had not i.foorei the work of the Street Improvement Committee in the past. When he was appointed the deputy chairman of tile Finance Com- mittee he was asked if he would take part in thatspecial work, and he felt it necessary to do so on account of the physical health of the Chairman. Hundreds of inter- views with reference to property had been held botween the Town Clerk and the tenants and the members of ths committee, so that the negotiatioas might be carried out with as little disturbance to the tenants as possible. That was the chief reason for the delay, and if there was any cause for complaint he was prepared to take his fair share of it. He did not wish to give any special personal reason. He had only striven to do his best, and if there was any blame ho would take his full measure of it ; hut, on the ot ier hand, if there 'I was any credit, let him have his share of it. (Hear, hear.) They would act wisely if fir these sp cial pur- poses they permitted the sugzested alteration. Councillor SMETIZURST said he should support the minutes of the Street Improvement Committee, as thousands of pounds had been spent in purchasing pro- perty without the matter having been brought under the notice of the Council. They were as m-mbers of the Corporation obliged to the Deputy-Mayor for the open-handed manner in which he had supported so many purchases, but it was a fact that the Corporation had spent money before they had got it. He contended that they ought to earn their money before spending it. They spent £20,000 in the purchase of the Queen's Hotel and other property in that direction, but not a word was heard about the matter unt,l the money had to be found. They had now found oat who had been providing the money, namely, the Deputy-Mayor. The DEPUTY Mayon : It had Tootling t do with that particular property. It was bought before my time. Councillor &Law Gang: It was bought before any- one's time on this &de of the table. _

Councillor SMETHURST said they had had toe much of the small committees doing importaat work. Alderman Roberts had Rpoke abut the price for the Feathers Hotel ; he (Ceuncillor Smethurst) contended that the ratepeyers had not paid sufficient for that property. Councillor F. R. ROBERTI : Is this in order ? Councillor SMETHURST : Why did you not object when your brother was speaking for half an hour ? (Laugh- ter.) Continuing. Couccillor Smethurst said the Cor- p oration ruined a man whose property they were going to make a profit out of. An h.justice had been done to 020 who had been a ratepayer of Warrington: He had been squeezed down, and when everything had been settled up he had not a peony in the world. (Laughter.) Councillor CIIO3I,IELD thought the discussion had occu- pied more time than it need have done, and also a groat deal more heat and temper had been introduced than were necessary. He considered th it Alderman Sutton gave the thing away at once when be said that the Street Improvement Committee would be quite ready to take gentlemen from the Finance or General Purposes Com- mittee to be added to the Street Improvement Commit- tee. Was it conceit on the part of that committee that they thought they had all the ability of the Council? By , the motion, two members would be elected from the Street Improvement Committee, two from the Finance Committee, and two from the General Purposes Com- mittee. He could not see anything fairer than that. He had no feeling or interest in the matter, All he wanted was that they should have the b-ist committee they c uld get, because the work which had to be done was about the most important work of the Council. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Banrox regarded the purchase of land and property as extraordinary business, and before an offer was made for any , property the General Purposes Com- mittee should be consulted, so that the whole of the members of the Council might have an opportunity of disapproving. 1 Councillor F. R. ROBERTS said it was not a question of this or that committee loot a question of personnel. He thought there was sonarteing vicious in the resolution of the Street Improvement Committee. When that com- mittee was appointed a month ago it was appointed under the impression that the members were to dis- charge the same duties as hitherto. The Council now found that the committee intended to undertake duties which had previously been entrusted to the Property Purchasing Sub-Committee. That seemed to him to be the viciousness of the Street Improvement Committee and on that ground he was opposed to the recommenda- tien of the committee. Before the Council gave these additional duties to the Street Improvement Committee. they ought to consider the re-constitution of the com- mittee itself.

Alderman St7TTON : What are the additional duties ? Councillor F. R. ROBERTS : They are those duties which have been undertaken by the Property Purchasing Sub-committee. Coatinuinz he remarked that the Council should have the right to discuss once more the lomposition of the Street Improvement committee. Alderman ROBERTS then replied at some !erten to the points raised in the discusiion. He admitted that too much heat had been introduced. Perhaps he was res- ponsible to some extent himself but it was because he felt strongly that it was not in the best interests of the town that the Street Improvement Committee's recom- mendation should pass. Councillor Smethurst had said that the Property eurchasing Committee were respon- sible for the ruin of the man Wilson. He did not know on what ground he based, that remark, but it was an outrage even upon what was fair. They were unable to arrive at a mutual settlement, and the matter had to be referred to arbitration. Mr. Wilson's professional ad- visers made out the host case they could for hint,fand the arbitrator, who was sworn to be impartial, delivered a judgment, and that judgment was accepted by the Corporation. They, therefore, strongly objected to the insinuation that they had been guilty of unfairne9.s to Mr. Wilson.

Councillor SMETHURST : I say he is a ruined man. Alderman RORERTS : I don't say he is not a ruined man. lam very sorry if be 13, but the members of the Property Purchasing Committee have had nothing to do with his ruin. With rezard to the criticisms respecting Johnson's shop he (Alderman Robert() was perfectly prepared to take his share of the responsibility in the matter. Alderinan Roberts proceeded to point out that be was not responsible for the purchase as be was not then a member of the Property Purchasing Committee. Alderman Steen was a member up to the year 1894. Alderman SurroN : I resigned.

Alderman Romani : And for a very proper reason. No one had objected to the Property Purchasing Corn. mittee until recently. In conclusion, he said that the Committee he Proposed would be a special Committee, and it would be the bounden duty of the Committee to report from time to time on their proceedings. A vote was then taken with the following result. For Alderman Roberts's motion : Aidermen Robeits, Harri- ett, Coucciilors Plumpton, crosfield, Bennett, John Evans, Ellison, Duncan, Burton, James Evans, F. R. Peacock, and Wilkinron (14) ; against, the and Aldermen Sutton, Bolton, Blackhurst. Coun- mayor Roberts, cillors Cannel', Smethurst, Baird, Jolley, Longton Heaton, and Lee (11) . -

The MAYOR: The motion is carried. Alderman ROBINITS also enoved :—" That a special gommittee be appointed by the Council, to consist of

0,(0,4-;e0

Cao •••••••••••10 8 10

CAN BE TESTED FREE.

C

C

ill do): .

C

82, Bunhill Row

a

London, E.OO,

two members nominated by the General Purposes Cow. mittee, two member a by the Finance and Estate Corn. mittee, and two In-mhers by the S:raet Improvement and Lighting Committee. for the purpose of negotiating for and the purchasing of lads and buildings scheduled or included in any Provisional Order or Act of Parham meat."

Councillor PLMIPTON seconded, and the resolution was carried.

AnETrilatt ROBERTS stated that the Mayor would be an ex-offiio member of the committee. Alder,au SUTTON in proposing the adoption of the minutes of the Street Improvement Committer+ said that if the 7 deprived the committee of their tune:ions in re- gard to the p irchase of property they might just as well dispense with the committee alt agether. Ho could not see his way to so coiacide with the resolution as to take any active part in tho work cf the committee in the future.

Aldermin BOLTON seconded aud;the minutes were con. firmed.

PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. The MAYOR M0V3,1 the pas-iing of the minutes of the above committee, and Cmnaillor Heaton seconded. Alderman FAIRCLODGEI sail he wished the committee could see their way not to put rnaladam on the road more than 1 inches in di:me:cr. Toe London and North Western RAilway Company stipulated that the macadam thy used should no: te mare than 1 inches. The macadam on the Warrington roads was about 3 inches in size sometimes. Councillor PEACOCK expressed pleasure at the fact that the cemtuittsa was pushing on the work of street- making. There were several streets and backs in hie ward which badly want ,c 1 attention. Ile Wished the committee would pay the ward another visit and allow him to point out the worst places to them. Councillor HEA.TON said they were making, as much progress as possible. The minutes were passed. RIVERS CONDE FITE—PROPOSED RIVER INSPECTOR.

• Alderman ROBERTS, in moving the acioption of the minutes of the above committee alluded to the proposal to appoint a river inspztor. Ha wshed it to be uader- stood that this was in no sense intended tO interfere with the proper duties of the Borough Surveyor. They wanted to have a man, under the Borough Surveyor, to do a certain amount of work for them. He had in his possession a sheaf of extracts from letters toe com. mittee had received during the past 18 months, from ' users of the river pointing out innumerable pl. ces where the channel was not the req iired depth. They bad to verify theas complaints, en I had had to call upon the Borough Sarveryor irons time to time to make a survey of the river,and they felt that it was hardly fair to expect him to do it. They therefore desired the sanction of the Council to their obtaining this assistance, which might be required for more than 12 months,so that they would be in a position t compel the Manchester Ship Canal Company to d their duty. Alderman FAIRCLOUGEC seconded, and the MAYOR re- marked •hat he or4s ,glad the Committee was taking this step as the Borough Surveyothad quite as much to do as necvssary.—The minutes vr,re then pas ed. The minutes of the other committees, which we pub. lished last week, were adopted without corninsiat. The Council then rose.

R4+0.60+00006.9.010.3.04.044110 (i) Symington's Edinburgh Cora : Essences are made from a se- lection of the finest coffees grown. 3 Sold in small and large bottles co by all Grocers. C.1).0400S.0.003.10-0*0 Nit 441440.04

COMPOUND" (Trade Mark) gives Ex- pectoration witnout strain, 90., 13,1 d. Sold by °hamlets only.—Advt.

'I *1 , rt: dori,'' LEA) • ~, / r,4 . 1 - /. i NO 3-- i "Pi ) "7 2 1 t -4 (61,) 0

===== 0002601_18981209_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO CHOOSE A CHRISTMAS GIFT

Is agitating many a kindly mind, just now. The good- hearted giver wants to give ungrucigingly—whether the worth ot pence or pounds—all be or she is justified in affording. and, at the same time, what's most accept- able and really useful to the friend. The perfect art of present-giving depends on the happy choosing of the gift and not on what it costs. Aye, the ideal gift should ever evoke the spontaneoua and delighted exclamation from the plea.ed recipient : " It's just what I've been Wishing for ! "

Now our nine-and-twenty-years of trading have taught us what The People, have proved alao for them- selves, that there's no New Year's gift se good and no Christmas present so perfectly appreciated everywhere and by everybody as a pretty canister or dainty packet of

===== 0002601_18981209_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONDS' TEA.

OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE

sell, at PRICES TO SUIT ALL PURSES)!

the following favourite Christmas and New Year Gifts:

A 3-lb TIN OF ' 14.105 T ADMIRABLE' I/8 TEA, Si. .44 A 3-lb MST DESIRABLE 2/- 9, 6/- A 3-lb „ ' MOST SUMPTITOITS 2/4 99 7/- A 6-lb „ • Mosr ADMIRAB7.E T/8 A 6-lb „ ' MOST DESIRABLE' 2/- , 9. 12/' A 6-lb ~• MOST SUMPTUOUS 2/4 .9 14/. and Indeed, any of our Celebrated Teas, at 10d., 1/-, 1/4, 1/8 2/-. & 2/4 a 1b,,. packed by us in handsomely decorated Canisters, of novel and artistic designs. containing f -lb., i-it,,2lba., A 3-lbs.. and 6lbe. of tea, or in all-sized parcels and boxes (carriage paid on 3-Ibs. and upwards, by rail or post),.ll are most highly appreciated Christmas Presents. We also pack tea especially for parochial distribution, and for charities. Should you require any further particulars from us, we would gladly give immediate attention and a reply, by return of post, to any letter or post-card which you may favour us bv addressing to either of our City Ware- houses as below.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONO &

LIMITED. Te 3 Merchants by Appointment to the People.' THE LANCASHIRE TE WAREHOUSES: 17, PICCIDILLY,z AND 12 & 14, LONG l ILLGATE,, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD ANDk LONDON,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
MEE

411". V

• •, .41417 f • tfl.s -P

1 k

, . . ..... , '74',,-.":".:,,...'•i,.H. -::,!,',..4.:::,-*. '''' ...f-..i.'.::,:',,,:.'..-.-... -.:,.. -::-.1';.: ~-..,.......f.'

===== 0002601_18981209_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_18981209_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
eraminer" &ertes

ON LANC AMITE AND CIitEMITRIT COUNTY NEV79PyPERS: Comprises

TiraE Warrington and A&1-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning.. rrHE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday TIE St. HeZens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TEE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning,

afternoon.

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday .1 morning, PRIIPAID ADVEHTISIMENTts.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET,

SITUATIONS VACANT, PAItTNEILSHIPS WANTED, APARTMEN. TS WANTED MONET;WANTED,

SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PIRITATE CONTRACT Misc=effEors WANTS.

HOLMES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR Soz.r. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 ... .......

===== 0002601_18981209_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ißomrsstlr *trbairtss, &r.

WANTED, GIIRREAL SERVANT.—Address C. ROBERTS Cross Foxes, Coleham, Shrewsbury.

GEIIeRRALS, reliable; any number can have good places, at once.—Mrs. GRLY, Registry Office, 32. Cross-street, Bale. ANTSD, country GIRL; must be clean and honest]; age 15 or 16.-150, UPPER LLOYD-STREET, MOSS .Side, Manchester.

-- WANTED, young country GIRL. willing to train.— Write or apply 11 to 12 noon, 37 DoWNING-STREET, Ardwick, Manchester.

QBEVANTS with good references can have first-class places 0 by appl7 -to 87.LECT 11EGISTRT, 718, Stockport-road. Longsight, '-ter.

lying Manchesi

WANTED. a respectable girl as GENERAL SERVANT, or young girl to train country.-11wrox. VioodcOck Newburgh. near Southport.

-u-SSFUL HELP or good GENERAL SERVANT Wanted.at once, in a boarding school.—Apply, Mn. AUSTM Girl's Colles,e School, Whitchurch.

WANTED good General SERVANT. for farmhouse ; plain cooking ' • others kept ; no outside work; references. —Address. by letter. BR*OICLANIA FARM, Sale. WANTED. clean. respectable GIRL. as GRNERAL ; age 16 to 18 ; no children ; must have good references. —Apply 7, RAWLINS-STREET, Fairfield, Liverpool.

WANTED, GIRL for Housework; light wash; two in family; good home; wages 35.-9, CLEVELAND- viLLAS, Cleveland-road, Crumpsall, Manchester.

SERVA NT. Wanted at once respectable GIRL, 16 to 18. as General, able to wash, smell family. —Address Mrs. CLEwowrs, Hardy Mill House, Harwood, near Bolton.

WANTED, GENERAL Servant; 16 to 22 ; with a good, character, for small family early in December ; help given with the washing.-8, CIIAMBICPS-ROAD, Southport. __ ....

CHEVANTS' Registry Office, conducted by Mrs. GaasinE, 1..7 Post Office, Rhosymedre, North Wahl+ ; best medium ; reliable, and well connscted. Stamp for and terms. 'MALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegraph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670 _

reply

===== 0002601_18981209_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ffilarlyinerp, _etc,

• - QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L EITEL (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- nation.—Telephone 229.

A BARGAIN'. Magnificent Vertical Engine, tubular 11 boiler, glass gainie. whistle, double action slide value cylinder, bronzed stand, exhibition model, silver-plated, high speed. and perfect; worth 425, accept 12s 6d., free; photo- graph Id —NIA:JAGER, Marsh-gate Lhemical Works, Strat- /ord. London.

FATENT OPPICA: MANCHESTER, BSTLELISHED IN 1835. Heger GEORGE DAVIR ec SON have ha 4 more than 4C years personal experience in connection with this Establish• ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
hlttatwli.

EVERY MAN SU"ERINO from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should. send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent oure. Sent r Need, post tree. Address— NORTON, 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O tistaotished 30 Years.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured with Out STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY, .S'pecimens of letters received, and gulranterd genuine : " I cannot find words to expres. tow ttul I am. I used to think I never would get cured. I wish I nod seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.-4 P.M " " I have carried out your instructions, and am. now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great 'Russell Street London. W.C. Send at once anti cured. 12 Yeats' Continuous Success

WIDENING OF BRIDGE-STREET. IN CONSEQUENCE OF TEA ABOVE Miss ISOBEL RIGBY, FLORisT AND FRUITERER. HAS HEMOvED TO MORE CONCGODEOUS PREMISES 117, BRILGE-STREET, AND SOLICITS A CoNTINITATION OF YOUR ESTEEMED PATRONAGE. BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, Acc. Made on the Shortest Possible Notice. Ready-made wreaths kept in Stock.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE. MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Cain tIA, Stack-conaers, Netting Curied-laalr, Oil .`zheeta, Ac.

TENTS and MAIIQUHRS for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, to., fitted complete. 6, CHESTEWS-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS.

SMALL PROFITS.

SERVANT LIVERIES, AND STABLE SUITS AT Low PRICES. ,

LADIES' Arm GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. SANKEY STREET. 35, WARRINGTON,

T. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES,

ROYER, CENTAURS maßte, AND OTHER MAKES

OF CYCLES.

New Business Address g— ni, BRIDE-STRE&T, WARRINGTON.

OUR CIiAINLESS SAFETY TilE ARV EL OF TRH TR A DE,

BEND FOR. ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARB NOT TO B 3 BEATEN, both for Quality and Finlah. INSPICTI ON INVITED.

CYCLES at prices to suit all rockets. S Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but Purchase a RELIABLIaI MOUNT direct from the Makers ,f the Highest Reputation.

LIBERAL CASII DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., BOLD STREET,

LIVERPOO'L.

apartnunto, & gurnisbeb 31?0uQ5.

BLACKPOOL.—SEPERIOR APARTMENTS for Winter months ; with or without board; terms moderate.— liontxs.ox 19, Alexandra-road, South Shore.

(10MFORTABLE FURNISHED APARTMENTS. Beanti- V fully situated for winter months. Terms moderate.— HADDON. 15, Walker-road, Harrogate, Yorkshire.

EManteb.

ADY would adopt CHILD, good home; premium; refer enees.—Mrs. UPTON, 76, Windsor-road, Southport.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery 0115.- 11 Liberal Commission ; Box, 31,Post Office, Liverpool.

- -VACANT SITUATIONS for anyone. Lht 7 stamps.— , JAMES MORGAN, West Timperley, Altrincharn,Ohashire,

GOOD MASONS WANTED; two years' job.--Apply Moss AND SON, Borough Asylum Extension, Leicester.

WANIED an APPRENTICE. time for study given. El. M. ASTON. Chemist, 63, Sankey street, Warrington.

ST. PAUL'S HUNTLEY SCHOOLS, Bury.—WANTED, at once, ASSISTANT-MISTRESS; £so.—Apply Vicar.

ST. JOHN'S GIRLS'. BURY.— Wanted, ASSISTANT. £5O ; it certificated £7o.—Apply HEAD MISTRESS.

SUNLIGHT, Lifebuov Coupons Wanted, Li. dozen given, any quantity.—CHESHlßE, Oilman, Lugard-road, Peck- ham.

QTIBBS'S Honey Soap COUPONS 21. dozen given.— JOWETT. Growl*, Cleveland. street, Bradford. Cash by return.

TA7'ANTED, strong YOUTH for FARM ; must be a good milker.—Apply J. TURNER WOOD, Red Rock Farm, Haigh, near Wigan.

wAlt MEDALS WANTED dated 1843. or earlier 189 Z, or later; also last Arctic ; £2 each given—Major Tomh3 Droitsvlch.

20 PLASTERERS WANTED, 10d. per hour. Apply rOWBOTHAM. Contractor, New Infirmary, Cambridge- road, Bethnal Green, London, E.

AGENTS WANTED, something new; once used always used, sells welt ; post card free sample.-- Particulars THWAITEs, Stockton-on-Tees.

MOHARCONISTS Commencing.—See Md. Guide (259 1 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Euston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. H.Mricris.

AGENTS WANTED ; unprecedented terms ; attractive Christmas NovPlties. —LONDON GOLDWIRE WORK IN G COMP AN Y, 34, Jervis-road, London, S.W. Samples shilling.

QLO tlt ttL.

To ma, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE, rents 49. Apply /Lemma' and Woona, solicitors. Horeemarket-st., War- rington.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS. Solicitors, liOrleMilSket-St., virarrineton.

Telephcne No. 55. e ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the mo

convenient premises NO. 1 BANK STREET, The around ,Floor of the Central Sale Booms.

atales bpaktbatt Ertatp.

WANTED, to Purchase Second-hstid MILNER'S, CHUBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFES.- -EnwARDs AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool:

A ME,...CAN Gold Wire BROOOHIS, any name, LI made to order. Price Is. 6d. eaela.—lionsaia, Pier, Southport. rrwo Useful HORSES for Sale, cheap, suit any work.- 1. Apply JOSEPH SE/HoR, farmer, Barton Moss, near Patrleroft.

'URIC - Rolled '

11100.—HOW I make RICO ye any from 2 , Ilens kept i dS cmfiaement, pamphlet, is Id.—RCGERS, 69, George - street, Oxford.

BABY'S LONG CLOTHES. 51 articles, unused, 26s 6d, cost dcuble, approval.—Write Mrs. GORDON CEASE, 10, West-street. Brighton.

44/ IRA PRO NOBlS,"."Whisper and I shall Hear," and 12 1._./ other pieces and iongs,2s lot.—WlLLsAusost,,44l,Bilan- cheater-road, Bradford.

HAYDAL, marvellous firelighter, unsurpassed, selling by thousands ; Is packet post free.—C. ALLAIr, Waddon Marsh-lane, Croydon.

GOUT and Rheumatic kills, Certain Cure, absolutely; New Remedy. send is. for 20 doses.—blEvrenT, 37 Plantaganet street, Cardiff.

SPLENDID LlVlNG.—Special offer for short time. Four secrets with free gift. value 7s 6d, post free Is.— Toaticuis, Beekford House, Cowes.

t3n.—CLERGYMAN will tell you how to make it V before Christmas. No canvassing ; certain ; 7 starops.—Rtv., Tanerdy Cottage, Carmarthen.

DUES. Hundreds successfully cured by BALSBLIB, the -I- great physiciau's discovery. Wor.h £l. Post free Is. id. SPEDDING, Bone-letter, Batley, Yorks.

RHE UMATISM.—S HAWEED. specially prepared, guaran- teed to cure all oases. 23. 9d. carriage paid. None need deepair.—GEAßY, Specialist, Tetlow-at., Liverpool.

s• th A to 30s a week can be earned on e "Original" FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER; knits stockings. socks, &c.—Write JAMES FOSTER._ Maker, Friargate, Preston.

A LOVELY Set of Baby's Long Clothes, beautifully tl. embroidered; unused ; 50 articles ; 255. ; approval.— Mrs. WurRED Mix, The Chase, Nottingham.

FISH —On receipt of 23. 6,1. will forward Bass of finest selected FISH. carriage paid. Trade supplied. Plice list free.—Address BDWARD Lacy, Fish Docks.Grimsby.

O''3ryBRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TA SS and Patent Cushions are the best and cheap.. ...ables Re-Cushioned and Be-Covered.—J. O'BRIEN. 01.,.L4, BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOI ICE THIS. I HAVE a Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOOD 3, .1 passed out 01 Service for other patterns• a. a. Light Waterproof Sheets. 6ft by 3ft Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark (trey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats GovernmentiAll-leather Headstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap 1 6 Good All-wool Rugs, 41bs. weight. 3ft by 6ft Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 461 n by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 461 n by 421 n 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bogs, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 251 t long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean. White Linen led Sheets. lift by Mt 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real 5 kin, full size Surchagles with Rollers Tarpaulin Corers, made up to any size, is per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from. IL J. ClAssorr, Government Contractor, Bye.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, DEC EMBER 9, 1898.

5.4a1t6 bp pribatt Ereatp.

HAISIS, perfect little beauties 91 lrs 63. 6d. each ; half 3s. 6d., post paid. —COULTER'S, Sligo.

66 lOINTS IN WOODWORK," 44 pp end plate of 80 t/ joints, post free 11.—ADAMI, 60, Queen Viatotia- street, London, B.C.

DIOR btack silk DRESS LENGTH, 16 yards £3, worth five guineas, pat, ern seat,—Mrs. Gic.BF.Rr, Dunedin, Russell-road, Ipswich.

CYCLES —Must be cleared, Ladies £5 155., Gents £5 ss. fitted with Beeston tyres.—WESTWARD Ho. CYCLE wortzs, High-road, Chiswick.

tiOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS. certain cure; abso- lutely new remedy ; send is., for 23 doses.—STEWAET, 37. Plantagenet-street, Cardiff.

ILD Artifieial THEM. old gold and silver bought, best price riven by return, largest buyer—DOUGLAS, 76a High•road, Chiswick, London. L;ETRIDVHIt PUP, fiat coated prize breed, Airdale Pups 11. by KC!quick, 5 months old. Lila each or less for two NICKELS, Day House, titnewsbury.

FRETWORK Tools and Wool, mechanics or amateurs ; carpentry benches to fit on table from ss. ; list f tee.— BYER, Wilson-street. Finsbury, London.

WELL-CUT GLOVES real Reindeer. Will clean again and again. Grey, tan, black, white ; 6s. post free.— Mrs. HOWARD, Parade, Canterbury.

riAIiVING and POKERWORK.—For Price Lists of useful and suitable articles and all kinds of suitable wood.— Apply PALLIoN SAWMILLS, Sunderland.

PDENNY-IN-THE-SLOT Cigarette Supply MACHINES 10s. each, also cackling hens laying metallic Eggs, quarter cost.—W., 45 BROADWAY, Walhana Green.

OUSTACHE positively grown in a few days, guaran- -01 teed ; hundreds of testimonials ; sent securely packed, P.O. 18.—OLITER, Broad-street Corner, Birmingham.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEVVSEY STREET WARRINGTON PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, "EXAMINER ' OFFICE,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
I?ptels, 11t2broo, oarbing eE‘tabg.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
pubitt //ouses, ZetrOottots, &r.

,t; IA DEPOSIT, no GOODWILL—SPIRIT VAULTS, Xst..Pu in Great thoroughfare, with every convenience for a family. Warmwoax AND C0.,23.L0nd0n-road, Liverpool

WALLWORK & CO.. London-chlmbers, 23, London-road Liverpool, have to Let Two BEHRHOUSICS south end, and Two BIiHRHO CS KS north end ; £45 each.

OtoritO, Zitstntsso, M.

DHAPRRY and Sraallvrares. with Dressmaking ; stock and fixtures ; low rent ; good reasons ; must sell.-39, KING-STREET, Stretford, Manchester. PRSONS wanting BUSINESSES of any description TO LET or SELL write HOPKINSON, WHEEL, tt CO., 37, Cross-street, Manchester.

SHIP INN, Newcastle, Staffordshire, to be Let, close to market; £159 ingoing ; £3O extras ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply on the premises.

TTJOINERS.—To be Disposed of, a good JOI3BINGE BUSINESS ; twenty years' standing.—Apply 2, CLEAVES-ROAD, Eccles, Manchester.

-VRIED FISH and OHIPS.—MABBOTT'S Champion J. flanges and Potato Peelers, aso shop on wheels for outdoor ; 24 page list tree —5l LEVER-BT, Manchester.

gionep.

FIEL DIN G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. Loam ,t 3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assnrance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £6 „ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO „ , £25 ~ 12/8 „ Letters with a stamp will reeelve rrompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for PIELDING'S LIMITED, lal.„ MERSEY-STREET. WAERINGTOIIii

===== 0002601_18981209_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
batesT3pcatutton.

SECURE A COPT

COOPER AND CO's

SPEC lAL VERISTMAS LST

CAKES, SHORITREAD, BISCUITS IN FANCY TINS, CaOOOLATES, &c, kjOSAQUES (CRACKERS), • DRIED FRUITS &c., TEAS IN DECORATED TINS, CHRISTMAS HAMPERS AND OTHER SEASONABLE NOVELTIES.

Now ready. Free on application.

Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON.

Local Branch :- 41 BUTTERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

Tlin impatience of some A Policy of impatience. politicians is notorious. They want to be making new pro- grammes, revising old ones, changing leaders, and engaging in encounters with opponents, in dis- regard of facts, situations, and the counsels of common sense. An opposition, they say, adopting the Churchill philosophy, "should oppose." It should be always beating drums, waving flags marching about, skirmishing, and dashing its thin battalions against the enemy who is in possession by virtue of his superiority in numbers and dis- cipline. It is not in this way that great political changes come about. It was not in this way that the present DUKE of DEVONSHIRE led the Liberal party after Mr. GLADSTONE ceased to be leader ; following the reverse of 1874, and before he came back again to the fray. It was hardly in this way the historic parties have at any 1 time converted minorities into majorities, The undoing of the work of one General Elec.. tion is always a gradual Process. Sometimes the electors discover their mistake and repent. At other times a steady educational process has to be pursued. Just now what we really see is the former process. The hopes of 1895 were too big and buoyant ever to be realised. The great socia 1 programme which was to supersede an Irish pro- gramme remains very much in the air. Compen" sation is not simple, and it is not general. Old age pensions have not arrived. What we see i 0 that old men are being quietly dropped in maw/ establishments, and regulations are being made which will make getting new situations after fifty a very difficult work indeed. The relief of agricul tural distress has led to new grievances amongs rural ratepayers. Education has once more '

come a keen sectarian and controversial question. In foreign affairs the Government has not beeS scoring at a rapid rate. Lord &Lingual may • be said to have caused interss dia" appointment in the ranks of his supportera' Liberal finance is helping the Government tO meet its heavy and ever-grawing liabilities. Di cussions are educating the public mind. What better results can be obtained by a policy of coal- bat ? Two or three years are still be- tween us and the General Election and they should be utilised by educational work, if it be only of the pep tiva kind. Li country is very impatient of what it has had to suffer lately. Why should we divert its mind from current mat' ters by saying what is to be done in four years' time? A little patience will yield a good. crop. "Time is on our side," as Mr. GransroNE once said. We lose nothing by being even-tempered, patient, and in no hurry to crystalise our ideas into programmes and points. There will be another reaction, and when it comes it will bear its own programme with it. The programme will not make the swing; it is the swing that will bring the programme.

PRESIDENT MCKINLEY shows A merica'3 Future. keen appreciation of the &fa' unities of the situation. 11( does not want to be too rigid in circumscribing

limits within which the new acquisitions are to t, governed or protected. The new colonial polie9 is to be allowed to grow in accordance with the necessities and the opportunities of the case. Til° relations between Washington and the ex-Spanish islands are not set forth in his Message, as had been expected. Time is to be allowed for think' ing them out. Many things may occur to sugge4 changes. The vague nature of the origin of tbe war will colour its results for some time to

It cannot b e ascertained whether the experiment- which are being made will answer. The Philippll°6 may be quite incapable of governing themselVeSl and the Cubans may prefer to fight amongsV themselves rather than to make the best use of the) freedom they have obtained. Much must depoo4 upon circumstances, and they have yet to nle°

themselves. But some elements in the situat are distinct enough. The war-tax is tO continued. It has yielded well, it has 0" been an inconvenience, and it will have to be CO tinned. America must pay for the change which has taken place in her aims and relations. Slie must build up a Navy, and take rank with the other powers aspiring to have partial command a the sea. She has an immense seaboard to proteao and a good ninny islands have now been added t, the responsibilities of her position. The shir yards are busy. A British firm has undertake° to make guns for the American Navy, and 1134 purchased an establishment in Virginia to Lula"' take the work on the terms of the contract. Ole American Navy will, in two or three years' tinteo be equal to that of Germany or Italy in nucaber°' and superior to either in effective fighting power' The next thing to observe is that the aria must grow also. Instead of a paltry 2500 Xll°l3' President Moliticr,EY suggests a peace esta.blish: ment of 100,000 mien. What this means . penditure will soda be obvious. Barracksexerose ) grounds, ranges, arms, staff, and annual s for wages and food will entail heavy exPendlt:llll There is no prospect of any reduction of taatt

===== 0002601_18981209_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
in the United States for some time to come, and probably no charge will be made in the tariff. How these enlargements will affect American poli- tics we cannot say ; but they will not make it any lighter for the general taxpayer, who usually has to step in to pay for glory at a considerable rate. The conditions of life in the United States cannot change very materially in a few years ; but they are entering upon new conditions in that sturdy and enterprising Republic. The ring-fence politics will go, and the room for the play of Imperialistic feeling will be very considerable. Is the Repub- lican to be known in future as the Imperial party? Or will the Democrats prefer to declare for Colon- ialism? The two parties have not been readily distinguishable in the past ; but the Democrats have leant towards Free-trade. What isto be the fate of Free-trade now ? Answers to these ques- tions will come in time.

The eminent French Admiral who proposed that France should sanction privateering in her next naval war with England finds an unexpectedly large number of supporters, who are writing to the French papers, full of enthusiasm, about it. It is surprising that not one of these correspondents should understand or mention the loss of dignity and respect which France would suffer by a course of action which would be bound to be as useless now as it was when the slow-sailing merchantmen of the Napoleonic era out-sailed the very vessels designed to capture them. In having recourse to privateering France would fall behind even Spain. That such a proposal should be entertained by serious people shows how far France has fallen— not from her ideals, for she never reached them, but from the standard of civilisation laboriously attained in the inteivals of her internecine feuds and envies. The Dreyfus case has exposed appall- ing weaknesses in French character. No subter- fuge is too mean, no cruelty too cruel, so long as its use will save the situation. It has not saved the situation in the Dreyfus case, and still deeper depths of ignominy and dishonour appear to have been resorted to in order to accomplish that object. Baffled in war, it is evident that France would resort to tactics just as unscrupulous as her lead- ing soldiers use to-day in times of peace. Treaties would be weak as ropes of sand. It does not matter much to anyone outside France, perhaps, but the spectacle of a nation seeking safety in dis- honour is always a sad one, and teaches many painful lessons.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

--- RUGBY FOOTBALL. Neither of the teams representing the Warrington Football Club had a league fixture On Saturday. rho seniors went to Barrow to play the return friendly match with the club of that town, and succeeded in scoring a goal and four triAs to their opponents nothing. J. T. Bate, the Warrington captain, accompanied the team once more and his presence had much to do will the victory. He was the first to score, and his partner, Ashurst, credited himself with a couple more tries, while Harris notched the fourth. Barrow were not very strongly npresented so that the victory cannot be considered a performance of any im- portance. Warrington played very well, though the paving among the backs was not of the sort one ex- pects from a first division team. The weather was very wet, and this bad something to do with the poor hand- ling of the ball.

In the forward department, the " A "team youths effected an improvement, and all tlinur,h the game were more than a match for the heavier Barrovians. Bate and Ashurst were in grand form, the skipper seeming to have benefitted by his res.:. Harris and Hof- croft worked well together, and are in consequence chosen in the same positions this week. Cross was only good on the defence, and is dropped again, Isherwood returning to the centre with Fish on the wing. Hallam played a good game and EA2M3 to be getting off his habit of following up when there is no need.

The match to-day with Wigan is the first of four suc- cessive home matches that Warrington have in hand. They ought to win the lot. Wigan, Stockport, Birken- head Wanderers, and Rune rn are not playing in form which should give them much chance of defeating the Warringtonians at Wilderepool. The homeiters must not be satisfied with less than 6 points out of these three League engagements. Wigan always give War- rington a gocd game, and the contest to-day should be well worth seeing. Warrington will have to play their hardest to hold their own in the scrimmages.

The following are the pomitions of the Lancashire League Clubs, and the results of Matches, up to date :- Von Agalnst. . P. W. L. 1). G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Broughton 'Rang 12...11... 1... 0...24 40-168... 4 6- 26...22 Widnes....! -11- 9... 0... 2 ..14 18- 82.- 7 4-26.20 Salford 12...10... 2... 0...10 31-110...13 7- 47...20 Leigh 14... 9... 5... 0...23 20-106.- 8 19- 73...18 'Swinton 11. 8... 1... 2...16 28 -116 .. 5 4- 22...16 Oldham 11... 7... 4... 0... 9 36-126... 8 10- 46...14 St. Helens 12... 5... 6... 1...17 16- 82... 7 17- 65...11 Warrington 11... 5... 5... 1... 8 13- 55... 9 21- 81.-11 Runcorn - 40... 9 19- 75... 7 Wigan 12... 3... 9... 0...13 10- 55...22 15- 89... 6 Tydlesley 13... 2... 9... 2... 9 10-- 48.18 30-126... 6 Rochdale Hometall... 2... 8... 1...13 5- 41...21 29-129... 5 Stockport 10... 2... 8... 0... 9 8- 42...22 28-122- 4 Morecambe l3. 0. 13... 0... 3 3- 15...23 38-160... 0 *SWiviton have had two points deluded for broach of professional rules.

The " A" team sustained their first home defeat on Saturday, and at the hands of a junior organisation like Fletcher Russell's. I must say that the winners deserved their success. They came determined to lick the all- eonqurring " A" team, and by playing better football they suec,.eded. Moores was compelled to retire early on in the game, and this weakened the home forwards, but the backs got pe*session quire as often as F`etcher's men. They made very poor up+ of 1,; however. R. Bate and Allen were very poor at half back, while none of the three-quarter showed much ability. On the winners' sila Paden and Scott at half hack, and J. Law- less and W Evans at three-quarters played splendidly, the work of both pairs being very effective. Knight was the best of ths two full backs.

--- The Northern Union has shown teat it doe,. not intend to allow any trifling with toe employment rules,and this week in the cas?, of Fitzgerald, of Bat'ry, thy have in- flicted a p.nalty which will strike terror in the hearts of all shirkers. The ex-Welsh internationa.l has been sus- pend( d until May Ist, 1900, which practically amounts to clo•ing his career as a footballer, and his club has been muLtel in the sum of £6O. I feel rath r sorry for Fitzgerald and the Batley club—the penalty is Such a Crusher—but they appear to have done wrong with their eyes open and naust 1),,,ar the consequences.

The positions of the clubs and the results of the matches up to date in the Lancashire" A" team com- petition are as follows : For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P Salford 12...10... 2... 0... 19 43...1.67... 3 12... 42...20 WarringtOn Stockport Brougton kang 7... 5... 2... 0_ 4 23... 87... 5 9... 37...10 Wi,ines Oldham ...... - 3... 0... 10 25... 95... 5 6... 28... 8 Swinton 6. 3... 3... 0... 13 18... 83... 6 15... 57... 6 Runcorn 5... 1... 4... 0... 2 7... 25...10 24... 93... 2 Leigh Rochdale liornets3... 1... 7... 0... 3 4... 18...21 42...168... 2 "Tyldesley ......... 9... 0... 9.0... 4 7... 29...18 37-147 0

CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTORS AT NEWTON. -

At the Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday be- fore Captain Withington (in the chair) and Colonel Wcod and Robert Stone, a batch of conscien- tious objectors to vaccination made their. appear- ance. The first was Robert Baldwin, who said he had sever believed in it because the country at large did not believe in it-Ir. Oreenall : (the magictrates' clerk). It is not true. Applicant : When toe fever breaks out the Government banish the soldiers. The Chairman Soldiers are vaccin- ated pieriodically.—The applicant stilt asserted his objections and his application was granted on pay- ment of 2s. at which he objected, Fayin g in some ovvne there were no charges.—Richard Schofield applied for certificates for three children.He stated he would not like his children to go through any- thing he would not go through himself.—Mary Kingsley said she had seen much suffering through vaccination. She had been a servant at Haydock Lodge and had seen a great -number of people carrying their arms in a sling.— r. Robert Stone: That is no reason.—Mr. Green- all.: If you cut your finger you will suffer. Would YOU rather run the risk of your child dying than have it vaccinated ?—Applicant : I would rather tisk the sickness.- Sarah Ann Dillow said she had had one child vaccinated, and there had been much trouble..—Joseph Smith applied for one child born February 6th 1897.—Richard Bennett said it was Cruelty to the children. One child he had done had a hole almost through its arm,—All the applications rere granted on the psymont of 2s.

1

===== 0002601_18981209_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE PICKWICK CLUB. At the weekly meet 1n of this club, a paper was read by Mr. I. 0. Williams on "The Mutilation of Animals," An interesting evening was spent. A WELVIINOWN CHLRACTEE IN Tanurity. FredericlsChell, a well-known c .aracter, was brought up on several charges before Mr. F. J. Norman, on Wed- nesday, at the Runc3rn Court House. After hearing evidence on tare charges of larceny, Mr. Norman re- manded the prisoner to the nest Runcorn Sessions (Monday).

WESLEYAN BAZAAR, WIDNES. • On Friday the three days' btz tar held in Lacey-street schoolroom was brought to a successful conalusion. The amount realized-340 —equalled the most sanguine ex- pectations. This with tho £4OO promised at a meeting recently held or the same object makes the full total into a very handsome sum. WILFUL DAMAGE.

William MacDermott was charged at Widnes with creating a breath of peace in Watarloo-rood on Satyr lay and also with wilful damage to a plate glass window looging, to James Thompson, to the amount of £l. PrOSOCUtOr was landlord of the George Rotel, Waterloo- road. For the breach of peace prisoner was bound in his own recogniz lames of £5. and one surety of £5 to keep the peac a for three months, or in default, 14 days' hard labour. For the damage prisoner was fined 101 and costs and the amount of the damage, or a month's imprison- merit with hard labour. onaisraias TREE AND LANTERN LECTURE AT SHAVI-ST. Triers was a well attended Christmas tree and lantern lecture fk,r children, at the Newtown Schoolroom, Shaw- street, on Friday. The lantern was naanipulated by Mr. Buckley, whilst the explanatory discourse was prrereovided by the Rev. W. Scooles. rile entertainment was greatly enjoyed, and all the children present (about 350) were presented with toys. ANOTHER BODY DISCOVERED IN THE CANAL. Thomas Statitoo, a dock labourer, whilst in the vicinity of the Dc Offices, observed the body of a man floating in and Bridgewater Canal. It was brought ashore and information was given to Police-Constable Carrington. The body was conveyed to the Mortuary and subiequently was identified as the body of Charles Goose, of Brook Vale, Frodsoarn, who has been missin4 since Saturday. the 11th November. The body on being pulled out of the water was discovered to be in an advanced stage of decomposition. DYSON'S DIORAMAS AND GIPS! CHOIR AT THE PUBLIC

===== 0002601_18981209_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HALL.

The Pubic Ilan, Runcorn, will be occupied for a period of eight days, commencing with Sunday next, December nth, by Dyson's Dioramas' Gipsy Choir, and Band of 20 talontel artistes. Oa Sunday evening a sacred song service will be rendered and the programme submitted will contain. " Se k ye the Lord " (Roberts); " There is a Green Hill " (Gatinod) ; Coulton's " Reck of Ages" ; violin " Intermezze " (Mascagni) ; autoharp, mandoline, sleirh bell and 'cello and flute selections. duetts and solos by eminent composers. The quality of the piogramme should attract a large audience. During the weAr pictorial and musical entertainments of a varied character will be given, each night having an entire change of programme. The latest animated photo- graphs will also be exhibited at every performance. For other parti:ulars see advertisement. ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH ORGAN FOND. . . .

With the object of raising funds for the purpose of providing a new organ for St. Michael's Church, Run- corn, a bazaar was opened in the Snaw-street, Schools, on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a large attend. ante, including : Rey. Canon Wood, Mrs. Wood, Revs C. R. Eltick, E. S. Oliver. C. P. Ranhforth, Messrs. M. L. Davies, John Littler, J. 11. Weston, F. A. Lake, S. Jos neon, A. Lightburn' W. Mellor, and other ladies and gentlemen.—Mr. M. L.Daxiss introduced Mi s Wo )cl who declared the bazaar open.—Mr. J. 11. Weston proposed and Mr. F. A. Lake seconded a vote of thanks to M. Wood, which was heartily accorded, and responded to by the Rev. Canon Wood, on behalf of his wife.—The et illholders were :—Work stall, Mrs. Heap,Mrs. Weston, Mrs. C. Pownall, Miss Davies,and Miss Wiswall ; variety stall : Mrs. Joule, Miss Fathain, Miss Woodward, Miss hexon, and Miss Johnson (Smthport) ; toy stall and Christmas tree : Miss Connie Price, Miss Fanny Price, and Miss Jessie Hough ; refreshments : Mrs. Mellor, Mrs. Grey, Mrs. Hough, Miss Dalleway, Miss Joyoson, and Mi's C. Harrison; cloak.raom ; Mrs. Preece.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNGRATEFUL TRIBE%

-- On Saturday morning, at the Police Court Runcorn, before Messrs. F. J. Norman and W. Timmins, George Henry Yar wood, aged 23 years, of Northwich, was brought up charged with the larceny of a blue pilot jacket, valued at 4s, the property of Mr. James Hulse, hand of the Salt Union flat" King Oswald," whilst that vessel was lying at Weston Point.—lt appeared from the evidence of the prosecutor that he had taken com- passion upon the young fellow, and invited him aboard the flat and gave him something to eat. He having occasion to go to Westm Point left Yarwood in the cabin, and on returning found that he had disappeared with the jacket leaving his own behind.—P.C. G. Ban- croft, gave evidence of the apprehension of the prisoner whom be discovered, wearing the j tcket (produced), on board a flat that was about to set forth for Liverpool.— In answer to the charge he said " I do not know the day of the month, but it is right, I took it. —Prisoner who elected t 3 be summarily dealt witli,pleaded guilty. —The Chairman characsetosed the theft as a most un- grateful one.—Prisoner was sentenced to 14 days with ard labour.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY ACCIDENT AT FRODSHA.III

STATION.

NARROW ESCAPE OF A RAILWAY PORTER. About 4-30 on Wednesday afternoon an accident of a peculiar and alarming nature occurred at the frodsbam Railway Station which resulted in seri- ous damage being done to the signal box and the railway siding, butt happily was not attended with any loss of life. It appears that a goods train was standing in the siding preparatory to leaving for Chester, and had steam up, when the pointsman dropped the signal for the Manchester express to go through to Chester. The driver of the goods train evidently real the signal as for himself and started his engine, with the resu:t —as the points were not set to take him on ta the main line—that be ran his engine into the signal-box, which is only a little distance off the " stop-block " which terminates the siding. Considerable damage was done to the signalling levers and connecting rods,rendering them unserviceable. Luckily, how- ever, the telegraphic instruments remained capable of doing their work, and information of the acci- dent and a request for a breakdown gang was at once sent on to Chester, and shortly after the gang were busily at work, there being hardly any inter- ference with the traffic, The signal box was con- siderably damaged, the top part being lifted bodily out of position, and the lower brickwork, which also constitutes a storeroom for lamps, &c., suffered very materially. At the time of•the accident there was no one in the storeroom, but a few seconds be- fore the goods train ran into it one of the station porters had been busily engaged inside. The signal- men seeing that something was wrong left the signal box, and possibly saved his life by doing se. The traffic was carried on, as mentioned with scarcely any perceptible suspension, and until the " block" is repaired and the signals made workable the section will be worked with flagmen. Had the points been set for the main line and the express thundered up behind, before a collision could be avoided, a terrible disaster would have occurred.

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND—FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. nests in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, mass shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and Egg Collectors—B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrie:, 21. Renshaw - street, Lis erpoo Established 24 years.

•VIVIIULH LAISIP3.-170 omnPlY withi the new Borough Bye-Laws. Lowest p:ices.-7. S. GARLAND, Irolllllollgar, Bridge-street, Warrington. CHINA. TA SERVICHS, Dinner Services, Toilet and Trinket Sets. Cheapest honse,-.4, S. ARL A ND, Furnishing Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington. ARK for OUNNINGHLU'S liIGII•OLASS MURAL wATistte.---Adst.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIRAY, DFCEMBER 9, 198

RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORELESPONDENTI Has the last been heard of the School Board Elec- tion? Far from it ! and it is interesting to note that—though some people may think it smatters somewhat of " locking the stable door after the horse has gone "—the " progressives " are g3ing to profit by their experience, and from the present up to the next School Board Election will be employed in placing the question of education fairly and squarely before the electorate. Thera are to be no half measures. There are to be no more compromises. Steady and efficient work is to ba and I feel sure will be accomplif,ed,so that the triumph of the pro- gressives though long delayed will ultimately be the more glorious.

Yet, though this is the intention of the progres- sive party; it must n)t for one moment be supposed that they era going to act the part of "Tnorn-in-the flesh" and make the administration of the deno- minationalists mms difficult of execution. Lr,t me disabuse the minds of the people of that idea once for all. They will, as they always have done, serve the ratepayers consistently and worthily ; and in addition they will see that their opponents —if they do hold the majority for a little while— commit no indiscretions. In thl4 way four sound, strong repre:entatives can accomplish much.

The Chairmanship will of course be a question for the first meeting of the new Board, and the name of the Rev. Canon Wood has already fallen from the lips of one if not more of the " denomina- tionalists "as the member who should occupy the seat. Personally I differ from that opinion, and as I attribute a large amount of the sterling work which the Board has accomplished in the past to be due to the old, tried, and valued services of Mr. James Pritchard, a gentleman who has o3cupied the position of chairman of the Board with honour for so long a period, I venture to think his services command no small title to the post of honour.

Halton Cemetery called for a little consideration, and formed the subject of a lengthy discussioa at the Parish Council meeting held on Tuesday. The Council decided to have a look roun I, and it is very evident from the strength of the o,rinioas expreqsed by the Councillors present at t meeting that something will be done. Tnere wa3 au )her matter that troubled the" city fathers" of Llaii-on some- what—the St. Thotuas• Cnarity—and not feeling quite clear on the point the Council wisely decided to trouble the powers theft be at the Charity Com- missioners Oflice,with just a few questions. The result is being awaited with iraterest.

The Runcorn Shorthand Writers' Association fills a loag felt want in the town, and numbers of aspir- ants in the art of Paoaography are flocking roan 1, giving to the promoters most encour3.ging si.ip24rt. It is understood that the moath of December will be devoted to practice, and readings will be given at the Society's rooms. Savage's B-idge, at speeds varying from 30 to 120 wards per minute. This is not all the Society offers, as the literary benefits, in the shape of sound literature, to say nothing of a course ot ugeful lectures, are also consp:cuous on Ithe projected programme.

A BURTONWOOD FATEIER CIIIRG ED

WITH NEGLECT. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions. on Wednesday morning. before Ir. John Orosfield (chairman), Lieutenant- Colonel Ridgway, and Messrs F. A. Frost and Joshua Ball. Edward Smethurst, 75, Mercer-street, Burtonwooci. was sum- moned for neglecting two of his children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering--Mr. S. A. 12,ighouse appeared for defendant. and pleaded not guilty. Mr. Knowles appeared to prosecute on behalf of the N.S.P.O.C. Mr. Knowles said that on the 27th of October, In3peltor McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., in company with P.C. Garry, of Bur- tonwood, visite,' the defendant's house and found the two children. Sarah Ann, aged seven years. and Ada. four years, In a neglected state. Both of their heads were in a vermin- ous state, the eldest child's head being covered with sore and the hair matted together. Upstairs where the children slept, there was an old sack to cover them, a few rags. and a handful of straw. There wls no need for the children to have been in such a state. . .

- Inspector Mc ateer corroborated By Mr. Brighouse : When he (the Inspector) visited the house he sow a dead child. which weighed only 41b., and he formed the opinion that the child had died from neglect. He had ascertained thit Dr. Valentine, of Harlestown, hod certified the death from cliarrhcez and whooping cough. He was also told that the twin child had died nine days previous to his visit. The man had omitted to keep his children in a clean, respectable state. P.C. Garry corroborated Inspector McAteer's evidence as to the state of the children and the house. —By Mr. Brighouse : He passel Smethurst's house daily, and he had never seen delendant or his wife drunk. He hod only been in Buttonwood three weeks when the Inspector came to his house to go to defen lant's house. The twins. George and Bdward, had died, and he knew it was his duty to report it to the coroner If he suspected the deaths to be from other than natural causes. Defendant's wife told him that the last child had suffered from whooping cough. There was abed downstairs.which he had no fault to find with. By Mr. Knowles : The defendant's sister had looted after the children since his wife had been sent to prison. Jessie Plan, Mercer-street. said defendant WAS a teetotaller, and always did his best for the children when he was in the house.

Cstherino Chennery, Men:sr-street, said the defeadant was a hard working and respectable men. _-• This was all the evidence for the prosec,,tion. Mr. Brighouse (to the magistrates). —Nead I say anything after that evidence.

The Chairman said they conic' decide the matter without further evidence. They would dismiss the case. air. Brighouse, addressing the juitieni. said he had not come to the courtprimarily to defind Smethurst. but to 'av the full report of the case before thew. It was only fair to say that the two children had been suffering from diarrhosi, and had been attended by Dr. Fos and Dr. Valentine. He felt he had no right and he never criticized the decision of the justices. but if be had beed on the bench when defendant's wife was beiog tried, he ventured to say that she would not have been sent to prison for three months.

Ibeen done. (Hear, hear). But the evidence of Mr. Armstrong Bennett (the secretary) had told them that the Weet of England was literally honeycombed with reeer..oes interested in the trade, ald those men seprorted the church. The temperance question was not a small matter, it was a large order and it was re- quired that all Christian men and women should feel their responsibility in the matter. (Hear, hear ) The drink delegoe was the blackest and most abus,ve delu- sion :hat had ever blackened civilisation either in our country or in any other, and if the church in our coun- try had not clean hands how were they to deal with it? He hoped that these present who had not already signed the pledge would do so. True they were over seven million strong, and "ties British women are the most valuable helpers we hare in c onneetioa with the move- ment," and they must not despise the wcrk of that body. In conclusion he prayed that the mission would be through God's blessing one of the brightest parts in the history of Runcora's temperance work. (Applause.) During the evening recitations were given by Miss Davies and Mr. Littler. Oa Sunday, Mr. Themes Hardy continued his cam- paigns in the Cause of temperance, and preached two capital sermons at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-reacl,and delivered an eloquent address to the members of the Beth sda P.S. A. at the Bethesda School- room in the afternoon. On Monday, another meeting was held in the Brunt- wick-street Schoolroom, when the Rev. R. J. Clifton presided. Mr. Hardy, in a cemprehensive address, dwelt upon the wan', of enthusiasm ttere was in the Church with regard to the temperance questioe. they sho ild remember that the temperance cause was a child of the Church and it had its birth in the Church. How were they to get the kied of people who would benefit most by those mettines to attend them ? It could not b. done until the hearts et those who professed the cause of the Lord Jesus Christ were filled with eothusiaitic spirit. He was glad to see that the British Women's Temperance Association (in Rencorn) led the war in that propaganda. He also re- ferred to the exeellent work done in the past by the Independent Order of Rhecibites, and the Sons of Tem- perance, but deplored the fact that they wre new practically resting upon their oars. Meetings were also hold St. Jelan's, Victoria-road, Greenway-road United Methodists, and Weston Wes- leyan Schools on Tuesday,Wednesday and Thursday,and on the whole the mission accomplished useful work.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. A meeting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday. Mr. G. Pilling pre- sided, and there were also present : Mr. A. J. Jolley and De Pat ;erson (vice-chairm tn), Rev. W. H. Drutn- mmd, Rev- T. R. Matthews, Messrs. William Hickman, S. Dav'es, T. H. Isheroft, I. Billinee, T. B. Malkin, J. Clarke, E. L. Bent, H Hibbfrt, William Houghton, A. Brooks, A. Jolley, H. Forshaw, T. Halton, P. Cunliffe, EL Thornton, with Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. S. Sut- ton (assistant clerk), Mr. Ward (workhouse master),and Mr. Wright (superintendent Paelgate Schools). HOUSE COMMITTEE. This committee recommended that the Board delegate the appointment of superintendent nurse and nurse to the House Committee, and that the Beard cuasent to and pay all reesonable ex- penses of candidates. The Clerk explained that he had received applica' i nes from 65 persons for the position of suSe^inten lent nurse. He had smt the forms and 35 had already been sent back, arid he exp .c!ei that the others would follow. There had also been six applications for nurse, f our of whic'e had been returned. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said the number of applications received for the position of superinte ideal nurse was partly due te an omission in the original advertisement with regard to the duties of midwifery. He honed the Board would sanction the laying of the block floor in the women's day room. It would tea gre it comfort to the old women. The old &per was in a bad state. The cost would be £3O or £35. Mr. A. JoLLEY vconded the confirmetion of the minutes, which were approved. THE FEES OF VACCINATION OFFICERS. MS. Genial!, Sephton, and Watleme, the Board's Vaccination Officers, intervieved the Board respecting the fees agreed upon by the Officers' Committee to be paid to vaccination officers under the new Vaccination Act. The doctors asked for payment of a mileage fee in cases where for certain reasons they were unable to vaccinate after paying a vis.t. Toe matter Was considered its committee, and the Board decided to adhere to the decision of the Officers' Committee, not to pay mil-age fees in such cases, but agreed to re-consider the matterin a year's time. CHRISTMAS ARRANGEMENTS AT THE SCHOOLS. It has been decided that the children's Christmas dinner shell take place on the Tuesday following Christmas Day ; the officers Christmas party en Wed- nesday, and toe children's concert and prize distribution on January sth. A PAUPER'S COMPLAINT. Th°Ltcol Government Board for warded a copy of a letter they had received from Ernest William Holden, one of the inmates of the Workhouse. It ran as follows : —" Nit right that I must be locked up in the cells when I was going out to seek work ? The Guardians put me three pounds of oakum to p'ck. lam under the doctor and not fit for it. I atom starving with cold from the cells." The letter was referred to the House Committee. INCREASE OF SALARY FOR A NEWTON OFFICER. Dr. PATTERSON, in accordance with notice given, pro- posed that they increase the salary of Mr. Henry Houghton, the collecto't of poor rates at Newton, by £25 per annum. He pointed out that Mr. Houghton was an old servant of the Board ; the second oldest in office. Since Mr. Houghton commenced, his duties had more than double 1. In 1869, the rateable value of Mr.Hough- ton's district was £25,000, and i: was now £58,133. (Hear. hear.) That large increase had consequently added to the duties of Mr. Hou ' ehton and he (Dr. Pat• terson) thought it only right that the Beard should give him an increase of salary. Mr. HIBBERT seconded the preposition, and said he had known Mr. Houghton for over 20 years. Mr. E. L. BENT thought the Board was exceeding Mr. Heuehton's expectations. The Rev. T. R. MATTHEWS spoke in support of the pro- position, and said the man was worthy of the increase of salary. Mr. Houghton had been a very able and suc- cessful collector of rates. The proposition was unanimously agreed to. MOTION BY MR. FORSIIAW. A d'scussion took place with reference to a resolution moved by Mr. Fonsnew "That each Guardian shall be supplied half-yearly with a list of persons in receipt of relief in his or her districtesimilar to that supplied to the office s,"—Toe Clerk pointed out that if the revolution were agreed to it would mean that the lists would have to be printed, and it would be an expensive matter. At one time the Board printed the lists of persons receiving relief and also put them on church doors. But it was felt that the persons who deeerved relief would not be subjected to such exposure, and unworthy people would not mind what exposure was given, It was quite open for any member of the Board to take a copy from the officer's list for the district he represented.—Mr. Forshaw said his only objet was to be more in touch with what Wad being done.—The Rsv. W. H. Drummond thought there ought to be a classifi,.cl list prepared, showing the amount of out-relief gi Ye e in the several districts.—As no secolder was found for Mr. Forshaw's motion it fell to the ground.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Flail on Tuesday night. Mr. J. Pritc lard presided and there were present—the itev. Canon Maitland Wood. Rev. H. B. Gore, Mr. E. Imisoa, Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., and J. W. Lightburu (clerk). THE TEACHING STAFF. . .

The School Management Committee reported that applications ts be continued as assistant teachers had been received from Nellie McDonald, Edith M.2Lean, E. A. Carr and A. Dyer, and the Committee recommended that tney be engaged in the capacity named at LI.O per annum each. It was further recommended that appli- cation be made to the Eiucation Department for sauc- tioo t 3 borrow an adoitional sum o, £ll5 in connec:ion with the extensi.m of Victoria-road Sc.mol. The minutes wire approved on the motion of Mr. Norman, seconded by Mr. unison.

, SCHOOL BOARD 3 AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. The Clerk submitted the agenda of a for:hcoming meeting of the Association of School Boards, at which resolutions will be submiteed with regard to secondary education. The Rev. Canon Wood moved "That it is desirable,in the opinion of this Board, that in the constitution of authorities for secondary education, School Boards should be represented." As everyone was aware, re- marked Canon Wood, we were advancing with a time when secondary eiucation would be put upon a more regular and improved footing. What the Bill was which the Government were about to introduce was not known ; but the Association of Schcol Boards was very strongly of opinion that whatever be the constitution of the local authorities for secondary education, School B iards should be represented upon that authority. In secondary education it was clear that primary educa- tion was interested because the whole drif,, of modern legislation would be ootrely c intradicted if the scholars in elementary scaools were no promoted wnen they hai shown themselves capable,to secondary Echools. It coukl hardly be doubted tnerefore that it was necessary that the education given in secondary Pchaols should haee in some way a connection with that given in primary sohools, and it was most desirable that the authorities of both primary arid sec-ndary edu- cation should see that the whole course of education was of such a character that chi iren advanced from the elementary schools might nor, find themselves in an unfair position when they reached the secondary schools. The whole curriculum from primary schools to secondary schools should be on a plan, and that plan not dislocated in the middle. Those in chwge of primary education should be able to eicroress the:r opinions, aied those who ought to carry weight with those in charge of secondary education as to what that place ought to bo. It was for this reassn he moved the resceution. Father Gore secendpd the tnnti,nl wnica was carried.

COST Or ELECTION.

Thq Clerk vported that the cost of the r3cent was £67 23 9cl.

RUNCORN RURI.I, DLSTRICE COUNCIL.

Mr. Janes Knowles pc—shied over till fortnightly meeting, of this Bnard ht 94AhIj Outtnn Work- house on Taesh.F. rh sr proinnt *miry. T. Wright, J. Vhir, J. Nlcintyrm, J M. Williams, C. Lewis, W. Pickpring, J. Stokes, J. Sp7u, W. kntwks, G. Pilling, P. Gteav-, A Gr,l'lwiv, J Falr, P. Loather, E. Clark W. Bra lforJ, Dirlington, 11. T.a. toot, J.P., dini,al Jonls-Parry. J. Ashton (clerk) G. F. Ashton (d-rk), J. Farrintoa (llinitary insp?ccor), and Swinton (surveyor). HELSBY PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

Thia commiTtel recomm3nded that thCi-ender of Mr. tj E. I,rl of snwerage works at be accepted. Mr. Diggle re ported that he had arranged for wayhtvei with Aeivri. W. Guest, and E. Blythe. It waa resolvad to call Mr. b.AErwhlaerttic f 1 Fritid'e. cSrl.s."". Farrington's attention to several nuisa ml 4. The minutes were accm'ed On the prop .s'tion of Mr. Taylor seconded by Mr. Greenway. THELWALL FERIy.

Si rrohfeitwh:l-rh-Fierry sail ttie corn.any, were. c otos nlyi ng Canal Comp with section 100, sub-sec. 3, clause 2of their 1885 Act which raid ow:Mni writing u.wgWe with ohreferenceollpiarnlonant ah toge 6' The Company shall at all times hereafter provide the necessary labour to work and shall work the bald ferry whenever required in the same manner aid for the same toll as the said Thelwall Manor Ferry across the river Mersey iq now worked." The .Company contended they were fulfilling this statmtory liability as the ferry was being worked on the lines of th 7 old f .rry regulations as Per public notice boar l now in the Company's posses- sion. The Clerk sail he was of opinion that th 3 Company lead t work the Ferry at ci hours. The Chairman : Admiral Parry what shal we do with the &,ip Canal C-mpany ? Admiral Parry :It's a puzzle. Ile added that the Corn. le‘ray were working the ferry better than they used to do. One difficulty was finding the forrycnal when hie vic '8 were required, unless previous notice had been given. The Clerk was iustractei to seed a e,opy of the le'iter to nisi wall Parish Council.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
A F)OTPATIT DISPUTE.

1 Mr. Sydni E. S;okes., acting under the ins'ructions of Dutton Parish Conn:fi, asked what decision the Dis- trict C mncil had arrived at rasp ths footpath through Bird's Wood. Tho Clerk said he took the evidanco of two witnesses, and if their evidence was to los believld, there was a f ,otpath through the we d. Since then he had examined two other witnesses brought to him by Mr. Linaker, and if their evidence werA true there was no footpath. (Laughter.) He did not think this matter shou4 be left them to decide; it was for a jury or committee to call what evidence they could and decide. It was not a matter of law, but of which parties were to be be- lieved. Mr. Talbot approved of the appointment of a commit- tee. The estate would not allow for one moment that there was a footpath, and if the committee found there was a footpath then they would have some '‘ amuse- ment!' If there were a footpath there wouli be level crossing and the railway company would not have to allow their expreas trains 0 travel there at more than four miles an hour. He proposed that a committ ,e be appointed, consisting of Mes,rs. Mclntyre, Baxter, and the Chairman, In reply to the Chairman, Mr. Ta`bot said if Vie com- mittee decided there was a faJtpith, the estate would fight the matter. Mr. Mclntyre : What is the use of a committee if both parties will not abide by the decision. I decline to sit upon such a committee.

Mr. Wright : It is a perfect fir 3e. Mr. Tallo*t said as the chief rat epayer hi t p tri-11 whichever way it went he would have to pay the greater portion of the costs. Mter some desultory conv.ration had tskm place, Mr. Stokes seconded Mr. Taibes motion.

The Chairman said some gentlem4-t-hought that as Mr. Talbot was the landnwrilr it wood bs b:tter if the Council selected the Committee. Mr. T : lam q lite agreeabl.. to that. it the call of the Chairman the Connell voted. without dissent, in favour of oppointing a Cornmittee„ and the following, members were appointed to act :—Tne Chair- man, Messrs. Baxter, Mclntyre. Darlington and Ant wigs.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. Wright, chairrn ta ot the C mlmit.tee, presented accounts anryin'lnT t.-3 £238 O. scl. Th 3 balance iR the b3-k was £2,949 133. 11d., which would be reduced te -22,661 133: 61., 'Arun the eheque3 were paid. Tne accounts were passed. WALTON INFERIOR. _ . . . .

The Parish Council of Walton Inferior wrote with re- ference to the lighting of the township that they were under ths impression that the resolution posed by thn District Council was to the eff let that they were to have 14 lamps in the pares but only 7 bad been fixed. The Clerk said there were no cal mains at the places whore the other seven lamps had to be fixed. Whon the mains were laid the lamps cyanid be proYided. Wa Inferior Parish Cm:mil drew attention to the danger )U3 condition of the road be7ond the archqs and to the fact that the brook had net yet been piped over. —Mr.Swinton,surveyor in reply to this said he had piped the portion instructed. Sir Gilbert Gr)enall promised to pipe the remainder. The road beyond the arches was receiving attention. This was al ties bu,iness. TEMPERANCE CAMPAIGN Ar

===== 0002601_18981209_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

Mr. lhomaa Hardy (of the U.K.), cmarnenced a week's temperance caaspaign, i Rune 3ra, promoted by the Runcorn Branch of the British Wotnen's Temperance Association. The first meeting was held at the Bethesda Ifeceure Hall, Runcorn, when the chair was taken by the Rev. J. Osborne. BA . and he was sunported err the platform by the Rev. W. Flo, and Mr. Thomas Hardy. There was but a moderate attendance present. The Chairman in his address referred to the smallness of the audience present. They were not to take it that the Campaign was not necessary. Ha quoted from the report of Superintendent Ok9II submitted to the magis- trates at the last annual licensing SedSiOrlS,WiliCil showed that there were 101 licensed house; in the town or an average of one licensed house to 255 of the population. It was clear that the campaign was necessary. The question arose of how were they t 3 reach those who were not teetotalers ? Be thought the only answer to that was that they who were workers in the cause should go to the people. Having spoken of the great r necessity for the temperance work being ectou.hastically carried out, he called upna Mr. Hardy to address tbe meeting.

Mr. Thomas Hardy, who was well roc( ive3, delivered an excellent address in which he dwelt upon the history of intemperance. Be spoke of the prnrslence in years gone by of celebrating every event that could be made iota a plausible excuse for having drink. The remainder of his speech was full of incidents showing how neces- sary it was for them to be steadfast in the work of temperance reform. Great changes had taken place, and much good work had

===== 0002601_18981209_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD -OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Work- house OR Toesday. Mr. J. Moseley Williams presided And there were also prevent Messrs. A. R. Norman, T.F., T. Reynolds, and the members of the Rural Council with Messrs. J. Ashton (clerk) and G. F. Ashton (deputy clerk). _

THE MEDICAL OFFICERS AND THE VACCINATION FEES. At the twit meeting of the Bolrithe Guardians decided that the minimum Scale of fees under the Nevi Vaccina• tion Act be adopted. _ . . _

The Clerk reported that he had acqua.inted tie several Medical Officers of Health of the decision. Dr. W. H. Carruthers, Halton, renlied that he declined to accept these terms as he conFidered the fees quite inadequate for the extra trouble. Dr. T. J. Selby, Fr odsham, said he was unable to comply with the request and considsred the action and statement of the Board very extraordin- ary. Dr. H. E. Bower, S'lrettoo, replied that the duties being so much increased the minimum scale of fee; was quite incernmensurate. Dr. F. McDouaall, Runcorn, also replied he could not ses his way to give his adhesion to the propoml and considered the fees offend inade- quate. Mr. Mclntyre reported that the Parliamentary Com- mittee had had these letters before them that morning, but had adjourned consideration until next Board day. In the meantime the Clerk had been instruc'ell to invite the medical officers to rivet the committee with a view of arriving at an amicable settlement. The C,ommlt'es had however, met the vaccination offic,rs, who were their relieving officers and a satisfactory settlement had ' been arrived at in reference to their remuneration. Committee recommended that for the Frodsham and Budworth districts the rennin,,ratFn b 61 and is and I for Runcorn di itriet 61 and 91. The diff n'ence arose through Runcern being an urban disrrict, and mon r densely populated and there was consequontly not so much tlavelling. He moved the recommendatioa. Mr. Wright seconded the motion which was carried.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. Wright presented the report of th 3 Finance Coinmittee and moved its adoption The accounts presented for payment am tinted tt £147 173 11, includina the follf3winv out-relief: Runcorn £B5, Frodsham £25, Bud - worth £2O. The bal.nce in hand after the payments were made would be £2,511 17s 81. Mr. Weir seconded the motion and it was adopted. LADIES COMMITTEE. The Ladies Committee reported tint they had vicited the Women's Ward and found everythirpy. satisfactory. Miss Fleyes had retired from the committee and Mrs. Lyon Bennett was recommended to fill the vacancy. It was pointed out that the lady lived out of the die- trio.

The Chairman nye notic3 that he woull nominate a lady at the next msetina.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

COMPLAINT ABOUT THE STATE OF HALTON CEMETZET. —The Halton Parish Council met at the Parish Schools, Halton, on Tueci ay, there being pee ent : Messrs. R. Hughes (presiding), J. Mannering, J. Ackerley, J. Ast- bury, S. Barrow, G. Leathwaod, J. L,oker, W. Mores, A. Povey, and A. Woodier (clerk).—A. letter was read from Sir Richard Brooke calling attention to the untidy state of the Halton Cemetery, the walks and grass of which were sadly neglected.—The Chairman said the question had been a sore one ever since they took over the burial hoard'.4 duties.—A long discussion followed in which the Clerk exnlained that when the sexton's salary was raised from £5 to £7 it was mentioned that he should keep the cemetery in nice order. The sexton also received the whole of the fees.—Mr.Evans (agent to Sir Richard Brooke) made an offer of shrubs- fur the cemetery.—Ultimately it was decided that the Parish Council should inspect the cemetery and ascertain what was neceseary to put it into good order.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW INFIRUARy.

At a meeting of the Infirmary C-0-in—mittee on Friday, December 2al, resoluti ins were come to respecting the boundary waq, and it was also resolved that two paneis be inserted in the Walls of the entrance to the admiaii,- trative biock,oin. to contain the names of the members of the Infirmary Building Committee, together with the narnes of the clerk, the architect, and the builder, and the other to contain the naintia of the members of the Board of Guardians. Mr, Wthmast flonortros moycd the confirmation of the committee's minutes, and remarked that the pro- gress which wag being mtde with the buildings was entirely satisfactory at the present time. Mr. BILLINCE secmded. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said he disagreed with the minutes so far ai they related to the putting up of panel:: in the porch of the new buildings. He objected to it in com- mittee and he was still of the same Opinion. Fie dj rt it think it the wisest procedure, and he was of opinion that their successors would think they had been unwise in dec,nting the porah with the illustrious names of the metnbers. (Laughter.) fie proposed an cmenamtint that that ptrt of the minut es be belt out. The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND secondi7d the amendment and remarked thst he was not at all anxious for that hind of immortality, (Laughter). The amendment was caned on a division being

taken. THE LADIES COMMITTEE AND RECENT CRITICISM. At a meeting of the Ladies Comm tee on N iyember 30f h. a letter was real from the Clerk of the Guardians mu.isg to sanction the appointment of the three lidies submitted for their approval to be added to the Ladies Visiting Committt e The ladies reported that they were sorry to receive this decision, and trusted the Guardians might still see their way to make up their numbers to the origins) nine. The members also wished to place on recsrd their surprise at the statement whicn the papers reported as having be3n made concerning them at the Guar&ans meeting. They emphatically denied that there had been any friction at all between theta (or any of them) and the superintendent nurse Cr any other of the officials of the Union, except the one case and that was in connection with the Brabazon work. The Ladies Committee also wished it to be understiod that owing to the resignation of one and the illness of another of the ladies who superintended the Brabazon work, that work must staid in abeyance until Mrs. Edelsten's return as she was now the only member of the Ladies Committee who took part in it. There was no discusrion on the subject.

'• UNSHED COMPOUND "Trade Mark e Compound Essence of Liusead, for Coughs awl Colds.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS MAGAZINES, NEW BOOKS, ETC.

"HOLLY LEAVES."—The Christmas number of the" Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News " " Holly Leaves "—is one of the brightest and most seasonable of the Yuletide magazines. Its crimson and gold cover is alone sufficient to make it attractive to the purchaser, while its contents never belie their reputation for excellence. This year there are as many full-page pictures in the number as there are short stories, while minor illustrations abound. Among the contributions to the literary contents of the number are: " A Sensation Fare," by F. W. Robinson; " The Mystery of Groot Adrian's Poort," by H. A. Bryden ; " The Plunge of Janders,' by H. G. Harper ; " The Bally slop Murder," by Bertram H. Harrison ; and "A Skeleton Force," by Hope Eric. The stories are full of interest, and are of the style likely to be popular with readers of "The Spotting and Dramatic News." There are incidents bordering on the supernatural, humorous sketches, and sporting anecdotes in profusion. In accardance with ttedir usual custom the proprietors of "Holly Leaves" have given away a coloured supplement, the subject this year being a capitally executed reproduction of IV. H. Overend's famous picture " The Hero of Trafalgar," "THE WINDSOR MAGAZINE."—We had been led to expect much by the off-repeated announcements concerning the Christmas number of the" Windsor Magazine," and now that the double number of this popular montely is on the bookstalls we are ready to admit that it Comes up to expectations. First and foremost in the attractions of the issue is the gratis copy of " Phra the Phoenician," by Edwin Lester Arnold, than which a mere entrancing ro- mance could not have been selected. We must say that we were slightly disapoointed when we saw the title of the novel, ler in previous years the supple- ment to the ' Windsor " has been a story specially written,and therefore all the ieoreattractive.Still the fact that we had read Mr. Arnold's cleverly con- ceived work before will not make it less prized by those to whom it is new. A number of excellent illustrations from the pen of Li. M.Paget lend addi- tional charm to the pages of the romance. We have only one fault to And with the "Windsor Magazine" itself, in this issue, and that is with regard to the coloured inks used in printing about a quarter of the pages. In our eyes this is no enhancement, but rattier a detraction, for several of the pictures are rendered indistinct by the use of unsuitable tints. But the literary portion of the number com- pensates for any fault such as we have mentioned. Rudyard Kipling contributes a school-boy story, entitled " Stalky and Co," in his own peculiar and inimitable style, the perusal of which makes one feel glad that it is the first of a series from Mr. Kipling's pen. Carkran, Beetle, and Maack are three delightfully mischievous school boys, whose pranks are of a nature to entertain both young and old. Mr. S. R. Crockett is the author of a serial story "Joan of the Sword," which opens this month and gives promise of being exceptionally interesting. The scene is pitched in some imaginary kingdom equi-distant alike from Austria, Germany, and Denmark, while the times are those of the battle- axe, the sword, and the tournament. Joan of the Sword is a heroine et unusual spirit, a fitting suc- cessor to Joan of Arc. Mr. Frank Richards illus- trates the story in a fashion rather florid, but on that account quite in keeping with the tone of the narrative. 'Stories of the Gold Star Line" by those clever collaborateurs L.T. Meade and Robert Eustace, is a series of adventures related by George Conway, purser of the "Morning Star." The first is entitled "The Jewelled Cobra," an account of a very auda- cious and skilful theft being just as skilfully pre- vented. Marie Corelli, Conan Doyle, Bret Harte,and L. T. Meade are among the other contributors to the Christmas number of the " Windsor Magazine." THE "STRAND MAGAzINE."—The Christmas double number of "The Strand Magazine" is an amazing shillingworth, containing as it does 208 pages, aad 211 illustrations. Dr. Conae Doyle tells "'The Story of the Brezlian Cat" in thrilling lan- guage, bicluey Paget illustrating the more striking incidents of this exciting story with great skill and effectiveness. This is the first item in the contents of the number, which are too numerous for us to detail. After Dr. Doyle's blood-curdling narrative we turn with pleasure to " The Madness of Mr. Lister," by W. W. Jacobs, a story brim- full of comical conversation and possessing a most laughable denouement. Mr. Jacobs is already one of the most popular writers of the present day, and has won a high re- putation with his wittily-written sketches of life in the coasting trade. L. T. Meade and Robert Eustace write one of those enthralling tales based on some mysterious scientific theory for which they have gained wide popularity. Its title is "Where the Air Quivered." Other excellent items are " The Hour-Glues," by Rebert Barr; " The Adventure of the Cross-eyed Q C."by Grant Allen; "Second Class," by G. H. 'Robins; "The Larrikin of Diamond Creek" by E. W. Hornung; and" The Looting of the Con- voy," by Walter Wood. There are several special articles of wide interest, and an interview with the latest hero of cycling, Mr. John Foster Fraser. Taken altogether the current number of " The Strand" is one of the best budgets of fiction and fact Messrs. Newnes have ever turned out. " THE WIDE WoRLD MAGAzINE."—Louis de Rougemont's incredible, but none the less interest- ing adventures take up a large portion of the space in the Christmas is dte of the above monthly maga- zine, which is double its ordinary size, and contains double the quantity of"truth stranger than fiction," Numerically speaking there are 110 less than 11 articles, and 17 stories of adventure. The most not- able of the latter is "The voyages of the Mole Hill," by T. Webster Smith. The publishers in a note say they have in their possession the real name of the ship and all papers and documents bearing upon it. Apparently they are not the only people who have ' these particulars, for, since the publication of the story an action ler libel has been brought against Messrs. Newnes end Co., which has cost them a little over £6OO. It is rather curious that the plain- tiffs name was "Cost." In the light of tile action "The voyages of the Mole Bill "should be read with mare than ordinary interest. "WELDON'S LADIES' JOURNAL" CHRISTMAS NUM- BAR is a perfect treasure-house in the way of fem- inine adornment. To the anxious and harrassed ones seeking for a pretty idea for an evening toilette, its fashion pages afford infinite variety and lunbounded scope in the lovely combiaaticns and 'effective styles there represented. Some new ideas in winter millinery are shown and should prove very acceptable just BOW. The" crowning glory " is elso well looked after in the hairdressing lesson for this montb,as the style of coiffure is particularly becoming and easy of arrangement. To those in- terested in church decoration some valuable hints are given in the article on this subject. With the menu of a Cnristmas dinner, to which the cookery department seasonably devotes some space, the complete method of preparing each comestible is fully detailed. The Boudoir Supplement contains an extremely interesting ghost stery, and a paner pattern of a pretty costume, aaaptable for either day or evening wear, is presented, together ,vith a large coloured plate of fashions. This excellent budget is further supplemented by two chromo plates entitled "Divided Attention," by A. J. Elsley, and "Sporting Prospects," by Fannie Moody. TIM LkDY."—lt, is a matter productive of no little wonder that the proprietors of "Tire Lady " Can issue a Christmas number of such immense pro- portions for 61, and at the same time present to all purchasers a pretty picture of child-life, in colours, called " The Little Peacemaker? There is any quantity of pictures of the latest fashion models scattered through the number, all with des- criptive paragraphs handy, and no scarcity of light reading. The fair sex cannot help but be delighted with the multitudinous features of interest in the Cnristmes number of" The Lady." " CASSELL'S MAGAZINE" comes before the public with a Christmas number second to none in literary and pict irial value. The presentation plate is a large phot )gravure reproduction of Nlis klacgregor's famous picture, shown at this year's academy, "The boom with the Secret Door." it is reminiscent of the terrible days of the civil war, and produced in a size suitable fdr framing. Mr. Max Pemberton's new serial "The Garden of Swords " commences in the namber, and as far as we are able to judge from the opening chapters it cannot fail to fascinate the I vast body of admirers of the author of " The Im- pregnable City," "Kronstadt," and other remarkable works. His new story is one which deals with the great siege of Strasburg during the France-German war of 1670,and is replete with stirring and drama- tic scenes. Mr. Stanley L. Wood is entrusted with the illustration of the novel,and the work could not be in more capable hands. The catalogue of authors who have combined to make the pages of the mag- azine so obsorbingly interesting is an imposing one and includes such names as Ouida, Anthony Hope, Robert Barr. William le Queux, Guy Booth by,Halli- well Sutcliffe, and L. T. Meade. Mrs. Meade' story, written in collaborotion with Mr. Robert Eustace, is one cf weird interest, aud embodies ii mystery for

the solution of which ten prizes are offered. The special articles include " How her Majty and the Royal Family spend Christmas," " Madame Sarah Fernhardt," "The Guards of Europe,"" Heroes of all Nations," and many others which will appeal to al- most every glass of reader. MrscELLlNEous.—We have also received copies of " Wolf-ear, the Indian," a splendid story for boys, by E. S. Ellis (Cassell) ; " Cassell's Concise Cyclopredia," in penny weekly parts; " The Maga- zine ot Art ;" " The Quiver ;" " ChriAmas Arrows " ("The Quiver" Christmas number, containing four stories by favourite authors); "Little Folks" Christ- mas number ; " Alice's Adventures in Wonderland," by Lewis Carroll, with illuArations by John Ten- nell (Macmillan, 61.) ; " The Story of a Farm," some lessons on agricultural economy, by James Long (Rural World Publishing Company, Strand, London, ls.) ; " Itrcubators and chicken rear- log appliances and bow to make use of ' them," reprinted from " Work" (Cassell) ; " Cavour," by Countess Cesaresco, (Macmillan 2s 6d); and "Cornhill Magazine,"for December, con- taining Fights for the flag. XI E.--The Lady with the Lamp, by the Rev. W. IL Fitchett ; `Heroes,'by I the Bisnop of London ; The Etchingham Letters; A Study in Imposture, by W. E. ',Garrett Fisher; Lot 104, by Bernard Capes ; Lon- don's Store of Furs, by C. J. Cornish ; Joseph Robinson, by C. V. Stanford, Mu s Doc.; Bridge, by 'Cavendish'; The snow is coming, by Miss M. E. Coleridge ; Significant Acts of Parliament, by H. T. S. Forbes; Humours of speech and pen, by Ernest G. Idenham; Zike Mouldom, Part 11. (conclusion)by Orme Agnus.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUICIDE OF MR. P. PETERS.

On Friday evening the deputy-coroner of Wigan held an inquest relative to the death of Mr. Peter Peters, for- merly statimmaster at Wigan, who committed suicide on Wednesday evening. Mr. H. Milligan, in opening the inquiry, said the jury had a v:try painful duty be- fore them, the deceased gentleman being known person. ally to most of them. Ile felt sure he was expressing the feeling of everyone present when he said how much nest regretted the cause of this inquiry.—Sarah Peters stated that she was the wife of the deceased, who was forty-three years of age, and up to the time that he was paid off in September last he was stationmaster at Wigan, in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company. He had been very low-spirited lately. On Wcdneslay evening he came from his bed- room twice, and he told witness to lock up a eeeque which he took from his pocket. The second time that he came down the door of the kitchen closed so that witness could not follow him. Upon going out of the front door she put a boy over their wall, who unlocked the door. Witness found the deceased by the coal heap. Be was in a reclining position. Witness put her apron round him, and he walked into the kitchen.—By the Coroner : He did net say anything when going out. Witness did tact ace him take any- thing with him.—She did not notice that he was bleeiiug.—This was all the cvidecc 3 taken. —Mr. James Wilson, solicitor, who apotared on behalf of the family, said there was no doubt. that Mr. Peters' EC 7craCC9 of his connection with the railway company, t whom he had beau a faithful ssrvant for twenty-six years, had been most depressing, and on this day, when not quite master of himself, he had been led to this act. It was a matter of extreme sorrow to them when they found that their efforts fer his reinstate- ment in the cmmany's service were not successful. On behalf of the family he wished to express the,r thanks for the sympathy which had been extended by the Coroner and all concerned in the inquiry.—The Coroner again referred to the deep sympathy they felt for the family.—After a short deliberation, the jury returned a verd ct of" Suicide whilst temporarily insane."

ON FRIDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 16m, 4„ PRESENTATION OF t "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SBEET ALMANACK, for 1899, embellished with a picture representing THE NEW POLICE BUILDINGS FOR WARRINGTON. As per the accepted design by It. BURNS-DICK. Esq., Architect. Ne weastle-on-Tyne.

FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS Are published csntaining Full Information corrected to the latest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUA.RDIAN3 MINISTERS AND PLACES DISTRICTS COUNCILS of WORSHIP MAGISTRATES FAIRS, CARRIERS. Itc. POSI'AL AND INLAND REVENUE INFORMATION FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS :- Burtonwood Penketh Daresbury Prescot Earlestown Runcorn Frodsharn St. Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrington Newton Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston •

"THE EXAMINER," (8 PAGES, 50 CoLumNs)

AND 'AMIE SFIEET ALNIANACK ONE PENNY.

rrilE WARIZI] I_ ROYAL COURT.—The celebrated Frenck Actress Latienne in " Forget- me-Not," "The New Mag- da'en," and " Frou-Frou."

IGTON TELEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. The popular Actress Miss Ellen Cranston and Company, in the new interesting drama "A Daughter of the fitilion." :VANT. 18 to 25. Good wages. table home. PEEL, Draper.

WANTBD, GENSEAL SR Small family. Comfo: Greetland, Halifax.

SEFUL MARE TO BE SOLD at once, 15 hands, £l2 Apply 137, °ARM Eli-STREET, Ardwick, Manchester.

XMAS 1898.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES

OF PRESENTS, DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY.

ALL ARTICLES PR ICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND,

FURNISHING ILONNIONGER.

51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

FOR • YOUR WINTER BDOTS TRY

BOOTH AND SON, 29, BUTTEHHARK b:T-ST E ET, WARRINGroN,

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEAns.

EXPIRATION OF TENANCY. RELINQUISHINO- THE BUSINESS. (1 jLEARANCE SALE. JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSELLER, STATIONER, ETC., 34, BRIDGESTREET. WARRINGTON. In terminating hie tenancy is also relinquishing the above- mentioned BUSINESS, and has decided to off ..tr the whole of his

STOCK AT COST PRICES. BOOKS at COST PRICE ALBUMS at COS l PRICE PURSES at COST PRICE POCKET BOOKS a'. COST PRICE PHOTO FRAMES at COT PRICE BIBLES at COST PRICE pßkYlik Willi liv!jiN iisoze at cosr PRICE BIRTHDAY BOOKS at COST PRIOR TOY BOOKS ..... ................ at COST PRICE. PICTURE 130016 •••••••• at COST PRICE INKS at COST PRICE STATIONERY.... 81 COST PRICE EvEityrnisa- AT COSE PRICE t JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSELLER, STATIONER, &c. 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ay Critetney s "STARCH GLoSS fil,',ll:Bciruaoyllaeld imparting"drfournell.'l a beautiful finish to starched linen. to., either cold or boiling water stuch. Mr.—, Corn- wall. says,—My wife will not finish our a without your ,* Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.— Bradfurd :—Dear sir , I am, pleased to Inform you that I have tried naary so-caned Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stook will procure it. T, ORITCHLEY Blackburn, Proprietvr.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PZ.O

===== 0002601_18981209_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_18981209_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c

===== 0002601_18981209_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR. ATTENTION,

Every porson's future is to a certain extent in his eown hand. Many a future which might have been bril- liant has been darkened by lack of timely preparation to meet the exigencies and changes which occur in every day life. Many. a home which might have been glad- dened by We aulhealth, and coinfort,has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly preventable. There are, indeed, few that do not ftel the system needs recruiting after the trying feeling of lassitude, with others, "not quite up to the mark," "a sort of all over sinking feeling." " too weak to do any- thing about the house," "these recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These, and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some good tonic misture, a reliable me- dicine of established reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to be bad, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters; it has never been known to fail. It's always the same, there can be no mistake about it. The careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the most stringent rules, assures the certainty that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tanic, is always efficacious and genuinely successful in all eases of Indigestion,Weakness, Nervous- ness, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, Dyspepsia, Liver Com- plaints, Neuralgia, and Infiverza. We claim that Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters is a General Benefactor of Suf- fering Humanity. Hundrel3 of testimonials prove this, coming from all classes of the community. Pain is no respector of persons, be advised, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,a sovereign remedy for various ailments, for rich and poor alike. When you buy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, you get what you think you get, abso- lutely the Tonic of Natures own providing, comprised of the jbeneficient properties contained in Sarsaparilla, Saffron, G ,ntian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion in ad lition toQuinine. It is not so much what you pay for a thing, but what you get for what you pay. Don't listen to the "Just as good" argument, there is no Tonic " Just as good " as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it stands supreme. To prevent disappointment, above all things see that you gat the right article; with the name "Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine. Sold everywhere in bottles 23.91. and 43.61. each, but should any difficulty be ex- perienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufac- turing Comprny, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWI LIZ II EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYI EVANS' QUININE BETTERS_

young fellow. He is fairly steady when he has work to do.— The bench said he would have to pay the rent and the costs of the sum nons. and they would adjourn it for a month to give him an opportunity of paying s msething.

SATURDA.2.—Before Mr. Thomas Birch's!' (in the chair), and Messrs. R. T. Fairclongh, and J. W. Hayward. 131ENICCrists.-4ary JMIIIIB Woolsteneroft. last from Manchester, was a-nt to prison for 14 days for being drunk and disorderly in Brldgeatreet at ten minutes past three on Friday afternoon.—p.a. Smith proved the case.--811en Rabbit (70) who made her 21st appearance was fined 5s and costs or seven days for teing drunk and disorderly in Horsemarketatreet on Friday afternoon at ten minutes past Ave.—P.C. Corbett, who prase' the case, said the defendant was nearlyzun over.

Mean.s.v.—Before the Mayor (in the chair) Anil Mr. Thomas fireball, Councillor Smethurst, and Mr. J. W. Hayward. DRUNZ AND DLSOADERLY.— John Petrielc Harr was fined fined 5s including costs or seven daps for being drunk and dis- orderly in Scotland-road on Saturday night.—James Jordan who made his 33rd appearance was fined 5s and costs or seven days for the sante offence in Bank-street on Saturday night. TRYING TO AVOID A SUMMONS.—Mary Broderick was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Hallam-la:tie on November 27th.—Defendant pleated not guilty.--iergeant Evans said about 12.15 on Sunday morning the 27th of last month he saw the defendan: In Dallam-lane making use of bad laignage. She went Into the house to avoid them. He knocked at the door and she put her head out of the bed- room window aid shouted and cursed at the top of her voice. She upset the whole neighbourhood.—.G'3. Corbett and Newey corroberated.—Defendant denied she had ever been been out of the house. —Mrs. Whiitle a neighbour gave evi- dence —Thomas Broderick, son of de'endant said the p dice- men came to the door and kicked the bolt off the door. He got up and awakened his mother who had never been out of the house.—The Chief Constaale said defendant had been be- fore the court 12 times fir duff 'rent offences. It was the cus- tom in that neighbourhood for people to run into their houses after creating a disturbance, thinking they would avoid being summoned—Defendant was fined 55 including costs. OnecteNE Limirraun.—Ann Jones was charged with mak- ing use of obscene language in Chrimes yard on the 28th November.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—Evidenice was given and defendant fined 5s and costa or seven days.

TUESDAY —Before Mr John Pate (in the chair), Messra. T. Birchall and H. Garnett.

A WIFE BEATER HEAVILY FlNED.—Arthur Charles War- burton, residing in Pierpoint-street, was summoned for as- saulting and beating his wife. Sarah Ellen Warburton, on the 3rd Deeember. He pleaded guilty.—Compliinant stated that her husband on the day in question, picket up a shoe- maker's knife (produced), and would have cut her throat and , probably killed her If she had not had a stroug weapon in , her hand to protect herself. He nearly strangled one of her children on Sunday night. Witness stated that there was no cause whatever for his bad conduct. Defendant told bar Ito fetch his boots from upstairs, and because she refused he thrashed her. She went upstairs, and defendant said he would " stick "he- with the knife when she came down again. When she came down he " w -nt for her," but she h-id the presence of mind to trip him up for escape. Ile was , in a semi-drunken condition.—Mr. Garnett said that if he I had the law in his own hands he would give defendant the cat,'"—The Chairman said the magistrates considrred it a serious offence. Defendant's conduet had been very despic- able for a considerable time. He might have committed murder. Defendant; would be fined 20s and costs, or one months' imprisonment. ANOTHER SHOP' Doon Tarr.—Mary Malloy, who curie from Southpert, was charged with stealing a pair of boots, value 6s 11d, on Monday night, from the shop of Messrs. Brown and Co., boot and shoe manufacturers. Horsemarket- street.—The Chief Constable said a number of boots were hanging at Messrs. Brown's door between 5.39 p.m. and six p.m. It was the custom of the shoksman to frequently ex- amine the stock, and Mr. John Weeks, the manager, missed the boots produced. lie afterwards identified tiers boots, which were with the police. The prisoner went to Mr. I Houghton's pawnshop on Monday evenirg and offered them for is 6cl.—Several witnesses corroborated the statement of I the Chief Constable, and prisoner not being able to satis- factorily account for the possession of the boots was seat to, gaol for 14 days. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Esther Fitzpatrick, a Stock- port woman, was sent to gaol for 14 days for being drunk and disorderly in Wilson Patton-street. at 12.30 a.m. on Tuesday.—P.C.'a fleidlngton and Fish proved the case. Wrnennan.i.v.ii—Before Mr. Geddes (in the chair), Alderman Sutton and Mr. Thomas Btrchall. A WIFE DEiERTER.—MiChaeI M'CUO was summoned for running away froea the Borough of Warrington and leaving his wife and c slid chargeable to the common fund of the Warrington Union from June 20th up to the present time.— Mr. Shearer said defendant's wife and chili had osst t Union nearly £lO. Defendant surrendered at Manchester on Tuesday.—Defendant pleaded guilty, and was seat to goal for one month. , . .

DEsEaTtoo.—Peter Dutton pleaded guilty to desertiol from the 3rd Battalion North Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Preston, on the 30h November, and he was remanded to Manchester to await the arrival of an escorf,.— P.C. Bradley was erantel the usual reward for the ar:est. THEFT BY A YOUNG WOMAN —l3lizsbeth Taylor, of no settled abods. was charged with stealing a bed quilt, value 3s 6d. from Mrs. Garnett's, 35. Marsh House-Pne.on Tuesday afternoon, the propsry of Sarah Ann Fleetwood.—The Chief Constable stated the case and prisoner was sent to gaol for one month. A SUSPICIOUS CauiscrEn.—A youth named John Finni- gban, residing in Cockhedge-kone, was charg, d with being found wandering in Marsh House.lsne, m 1.10 sin. on Wedne:day, without any visible means.—P.O. Whittaker said he was witn P.C. awarda when they saw dceadant acting in a suspicious manner. He made seve•al rambling statements, and gave the name of Thomas Waring, Scotland- road. They brought him to the Police Station and found that ho was a convicted thlef.—Defendaut was sent to gaol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

A WARRINGTON ELECTRICIAN ANT) TIM APPRENTICE. At the Warrington Borough Po:ice Court on Fri,lay before the Mayor (in the chair) Mr. James Heph-rd,Dr. Gornall and Councillor Smethurst, George Platt, of Martinscroft, apprentice of Mr. Walter Morton, elec- trician, St. Jarnes'•strset was summoned for not obeying the magistrates' order to return to his work.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for toe complainant and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins for the defendant.—Mr. Browne explained that an order had been made by the magistrates for the defendant to return to his work and he had not done 50, ignoring their order to the inconvenience of his client, Mr. Morton.—Mr. Jenkins said be was glad to see the earns magistrates on the bench as on the 21st October, when an order was made for his elient to return to his work, and a reconamnadation that fresh Indentures be made. He was sorry to say that shortly after that, his client callod at his office and said it was not his intention to sign any fresh indentures. Be was quite determined not to go tack to work for Mr. Morton. Be reasoned with him bat to no purpose. His client seemed to have got in such a nervous state over it that it was cpite fu'ile to expect it. He said he would go to prison in preference to working fer Mr. Morton. lie sincerely trusted that some means could be devird to bring Platt and his master together. If Mr. Morton would make some advance.—Mr. Browne: That would be rather infra dig. for his master.—Mr. Jenkins : Well I sun, at then that the young man should approach his master.— Mr. Browne: Platt is very obstinate. Mr. Browne said Mr. Morton had had some very important work and had lost a Fret deal by Platt not corning back. He thought he would learn better sense if he was sent to gaol.—Mr. Jenkins said he would ask the Bench to take into con- sideration the young man's nervous development. I: was admitted that Mr. Morton sass Got by any means a pattern of a mater.—Mr. Browne stated that Platt had eighteen months to serve before he was 21. Eventually Platt decided to return with Mr. Mortoa to work. Mr. Browne stated that they would c arty out their promise made on the 21st October,to give him increased pay,and the Bench adjourned the case for 14 days for matters to be settled.

UNHAPPY MARITAL RELATIONS AT WARRINGTON.— RELIGIOUS DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HUSBAND AND WIFE. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday before the Mayor (in the chair) and other magistrates, Joseph Rigby Vernon was charged with committing an aggravated assault upon his wife El zabeth Vernon on the 28th November.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.— Mr. A. Browne appeared for the complainant and Mr. F. R. Roberts represented the defenclant.—Mr.Browne sail he appeared in the case very regretfully as he had known both parties all his life. They had tried to come te terms but could not do so, and it was their last resort to bring the matter before the court.—Mr. Robarts said a great deal of the trouble had been cau-ei by a religioua difficulty. When Mr. Vernon married his wife she was Converted to the Roman Catholic Church. But his client complained Mrs. Vernon had not carried out that arrange- ment properly as some of the children were not brought sip in the Roman Catholic religion. and according to the Roman Cathelic Church, it is an unforgiveable Sin to allow one's children to be brought up in an Win -re- ligion.—After further endeavouring to settle the disputed points, it was decided to let the magic- trates adjudicate.—Mr Browne in opening his 1 case said defendant and his wife had lived a most miserable life for some time. He drank, and on the morning in question she was having a cup of tea and he took it away from her. He pullai the table away from her and after some words he struck her, giving her a black eye. He called her most filthy names and thumped her about the head and said he would thump her where DO marks would be seen,and did so. It was not the first offence, they must consider it was an a2gravated one, and complainant had decided to apply also for a separa- tion order.—Elizabath Vernon bore out her solictot'a Statement. She had:been married 13 years and resided at School Brow. She had four ehildren, (three girls and one boy).—Mrs. Barkbouse, a neighbour, gave corrobora- tive evidence.—Mr. Rebuts said the matter was chiefly a religions difficulty.. The defendant had said strong things and so had lal3 wife. He thought one was as bad SA the other. The action was Simply a peg on which to hang an application for separation. But his client also desired a scparation.—Joseph Rigby Vernon denied the assault on his wife. He had never lifted his fist to her. She had struck him timei Without number, and held a carving knife to his throat. —Alice Vernon (16) daughter of defendant. also gave evidence.—The Beq,ch considered there had been an aggravated assault and fined defendant 103. and costs. The complainant than appiied for a separation order. Evidence was given and the Bmeh made an order on defendant for 10.4. a weak and the wife to take the custody of the children.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON 13011011,H1 POLICE COURT. FRlDaY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Mr. James lisp herd, Councillor Smethurst and Dr. (lonian. A Dessnrcn.—John Taylor was charged with being a deserter from H.M's 63rd Lancashire Regiment stationed at Hulme Hyracks, Mancheiter.—P.D Clough proved the case. —The Bench remanded tbe prisoner to Strangeways' gaol to await escort and recommended that tits usual reward be paid to the Constable. ALTERING • BERTH CERTIFICkTE.—Mary Ellen Leigh. 83 Fairelough's Avenue was charged with using a birth certifi- cate kinwing it to be altered. —Defendant pleaded not guilty. —Mr. I.T. Jones. school attendance officer said the defendant called at his office on the 21st mat, and produced a certifi- cate of her son's birth for the purpose of enabling the lad to leave school. He suspected the certificate had been tampered with and took it to Mr. Harrison.— Mr. W. H. Harrison. registrar of births and deaths said be registered the birth on the 29th December. 1886. and a certificate was issued to Mary Ellen Leigh, the mother, who signed the entry with a mark. When the certificate was brought to him he saw it had been altered, and not by him- self from 1886 to 1885.—The Chairman said that someone had been guilty of a very serious offence, and they could not help feeling that defendant knew something about it, If it could be proved beyond doubt, she was liable to a very serioas penalty. She would be fined rs and costs or one month. BREAvrvi Wranows.—Ann 'Whalley. 16, Oliver-street. was summoned for committing wilful damage to windows, the property of Matilda Devon on tho 22nd November.— Matilda Devon, 58. Oliver-street, said the defendant on the day in question broke two windows. The dames would be is 63.—The magistrates fined defendant the costs of the window and the court Costs. &AVOIDING DISTRESS.—WiIIiam Goulding was summoned or removing and so avoiding distress for rent on the 22nd October.—Stephen Dale,Manchester-rd—said the defendant on the 22nd October owed him for rent £1 25 P 4 d and he was aware they meant to distress for it aneremoyed. He refused to pay anything.—Defendant admitted he owed the rent bat he went into a cheaper house.—The Mayor I know this

===== 0002601_18981209_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS

- - NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledq.d to he the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS The-care cerium to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes. is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from P. BLANCH ARD, Forest Rd., Dalston,London.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981209_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PE TIT SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John CreA tld (In the chair), Lieutenant-Coloael Ridgway, and Messrs. F. A. Frost _ _ .

, and Joshua Ball. UtscEr.Laxgoue OFFENCES —The folowing were fined for unlighted vehicles :—Dantel Glynn, Paaketa, 25th Novem- ber, is ; William Connor. Sankey, :Oth November, 23 6d ; Henry Burton, Sahkey. 25th November, 23 6d. Richard Wilding was fined is for riding a bicycle at BurOnwood on November 25th without a light ; Thoauss Gavin woe fined os. Including costs for being asleep in charge at Flixton on Nov. 17th, and Reginald Corbett for not bavin4 proper control over his horse at Poul,on oaths 17th November ems fined Is MARGA.SINE OR BUTTER.—Mary Griffiths, Penketh was charged under the Food and Drugs AC: Wth selling butter adulterated more titan the Act allowed on the 24th Ostober. —Mr. Knowles appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Royal Lancashire Agricultural Society,and Mr. A. Browne appesred for the defmaant.—liir. Parkinson, inspector.s, .ted ha c died at the defendant's shop and bought some butter which was adu.trated.—Mr. Browne said the defendant was a most re- spectable woman. Au order had been sent for 121hs of mar- garine and the servant who served the order Inadvertently sent out butter having m trgarine in the shop and this was mistaken for butter. It was not a ease where it had beers wil- fully sold as butter.— Toe Bench fined defendant Li and Costs. ASSAULT ON •FoOTBILL FlELD.—Patrick Fox was charged with assaulting Charles Casin on the 3rd Decembel.—- plailaant said he was playing in. a foutball match when defend- ant struck him. Defendant said he was provoked with what had occurred early in the day.—The Bench bound them boi,h 1 over to keep the peace.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

Monbay.—Befere Messrs. G. L. Davies, and W. Tinamlns. LICENSIief. —Transfer of the following licenses were granted: " George Inn," Runcorn, to Mrs. Percival, wife of the former licensee; .• Quarry Hotel," Weston, to Mr. John Nelson.—NO objections were raised. ANTI-VACCINATION.—John Spruce. of Over Hill, Weston, ' applied for a certificate exempting his child from vaccina- tion. Applicant stated that the child was a male born on the 12th of September. He believed conscientiously that vaccination smilg be injurious to his lifs.—This application was granted. A ONE-ARMED MIN 817311101VED FOR Assaur.T.—George Bennett. watchman, Cross-street, was summoned by George Johnson, 31, W4lingtou-street for assaulting him in Devonshire-square on the previous Wednesday. —DJendant plesded uot gulity.—Cornplainaut stated that Bennett cause up to him whilst he was talking to " another gentleman" ...bout eleven o'clock on the We inesday morning and after calling him abusive names struck him.—ln cross-examination complainant admitted running into Bennet; with a barrow at an earlier hour in the morning.—linoch Hulse, testified to witnessing the assault.— Bennett denied the offen3e.— The Beu3h fined Bennett 5s and Its 61 cJsts.-13ennett said It was a great shame. OBSCENE LANGLIAGE.—Martirt Hulse, Pool-lane. nleided guilty to using obscene language in Pool-itreet. on the 30th Noverriber.—r.c. Fry proved the csse.—A file of 5, aad costa was imposed. SCHoOL CAW:S.—Joseph Senior, Weston, was summoned fcr non-compliance with the Jilducati m Cote, and on the evidence of the School Attendance Officer Brime!ow, WAS fined 61 and 4s 61 costs.

TAUT OT FERRETS IT DITTT)N.—The adjourned case In which Thomas Rhaney was remanded from ru,sday last on a charge of stealing two ferrets, the property of .dr. James Cooke, farm bailiff, at Dutton. was resumed, when the evi- dence given at the previous hearings was again submitted. —Mrs. Mary Gresty, wife of George Gresty. swore that 8113 remembered the mire comin: to her house about 8 o'clock on the 14th of November. He asked for her husband, but he was not in. Prisoner said that ha had brought two ferrets, and wanted to know whether ha could leave them there. She re- plied that he could put them in a boa. Her girl and herself got the boa ready and lined it with straw. She never heard anyttaing more of him only what her husband hid told her, Subsequently her husband got a customer for the ferrets and took them away, on the Saturday week.— George Great,', husband of th 3 last witness, said Rhaney asked him if he could find a customer. He replied that he would rather him get one himself. However, he sew no more of Rhaney and eventually sold the ferrets to Alfred Hy.le.—Rvidence Was also given by Alfred Hyde and P.O. Ridgeway,whe stated that when first he went to Great,', Mrs. Greet,' said she knew nothing about them,—Nhaney said he knew nothing about the ferrets.—Mary Rtuney (wife of the accused) sai'i that her husband was home early on the night they mentianed.—After consideration the Chairman said they were quite satisfied that Rhaney had the ferrets in his pos- session. He would be fined 106 and 21 costs or 14 days.— Time wee allowed in which to pay the tine. A WoRICHouSE INMATE SENT To PRISON. —Selina Oibbin, pauper inmate of the Runcorn Workhouse, Dutton, was summoned by Mr. James Colman (maite:) for refusing te work Irons the 29th November up to the 3rd Deceraber.—Mr. Conned] and Nurse Housley gave evidence.—Li:boin was sent to prison for 14 days.

George Henry Boakes was remanded at the Seven Oaks Police Court on Monday, on a charge of murdering Mune Elizabeth Lawrence at Riverhead, on the 12th ult.

• Over a million dollars' worth of property was destroyed by fire which oeeurrad on Sunday night at a block Of buildings at the corner of Broadway and Warren-street, New York. On Monday morning the four year old son of Joseph Wil- e m, a blidlancl Railway goods guard, living at Fairfield, near Buxton, came downstairs in its fi innellette nightdresi and began to play with the Are whilst no one was about. His dress caught fire, and the little fellow was ShOekingly In- jured, h,s back being chs7red, end all his hair burnt off. After suffering in awful agony he died bAween ewe* and elght o'clock.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
IT COSTS YOU NOTHING

To Have Your Case Thoroughly Investigated—Not a Penny to Pay for the Fullest Medical Examination and Advice by Post.

NO MATTER WHAT YOUR DISEASE. Honest, Capable Specialists Tell

===== 0002601_18981209_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
• _ You In PLAIN WORDS The Truth about Yourself Without a Fee.

Are you ailing? DJ you suffer from Rheumatism and have you been unable to be cured? Have you Dyspepsia or any IStomach Troubles? Are you troubled with any fdrm of Nervous Disease? Have you a Cough or Cold,or any Throat or Lung Trouble? Have you Kidney or Liver Disease, or any form of Blood or Skin Trouble? There is a Munyon Remedy that will cure you, if your disease is curable. If you are in doubt as to the nature of your disease, a letter to the Nlunyon Remedy Company, describ- ing your symptoms, will be answered in the strict- est confluence with full advice as to the bet course of treatment to be followed to obtain a prompt Cure. No effort will be spared to see that each case is thoroughly diagnosed and the proper remedies to effect a cure are prescribed. For thesd services no fee is expected. Address all letters to the Munyon Remedy Com- pany, 121, Shaftesbury-avenue, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY HOuKE' MATCH AT WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

The sixth encounter between these counties was played on the ground of the Seockton Rati Efeckey Club, at Arpley, Warringtoo, on Saturday, and ended in a draw—one goal each. Lancashire have won three, Yorkshire one, and two games were drawn. Fiveof tie t Lancashire team played last seasen. The home players donned red and white quartered jerseys, tle visitors selecting blue and white. On Saturday week Yorkshire gained a decisive victory over Durh ern by five vats te one. The ground was level and dry, being in perfect cendition, with the lin-os and inaks boldly visiole: A ' fair number of spectators lined the touch-lines, ladies, as usual at hockey matches, being present in large numbers —a strong contingent Loin the Appletea's Ladies' Hockey Club. The teams were as follows : Lanceshire.—ll F S Biult (West Derby), goal; H East- wood (South Manchester) and 11 F Busch (West Deroy), full backs S B Heyes (Warbreck) L S Cleavor (West Derby), and R E Knowles (Kersal), half-backs; J A Wolff (Northern), J M Marrian (South Manchestie), W R Harrison (West Darby.) F Rickett(Seuth Manchester), and Rev G W Dickinson (West Derby),forwards.Umpire W N Fletcher. Yorkshire.-0 E Daniels (Leeds), goal; A Butterworth and E Hiley (York), full backs; AGi Farrar avid H Stark-Jones (iislitax), and Rev E B Firth (York), half backs ; A R Goldfield (Sheffield), R F Dunnell and J Am- bler (York), A J Geinsford (Sheffield), and K W Teals (York), forwards. Umpire, E Cox (York). R. E. Knowles (Keret° as captain righ-ly guessed the spin on benalf of Lencashire,and W. N. Fletcher sounded the bally-off at 2-45, the homeeteri playing with the son at their backs. Yorkentros attacked, then Lencashire get within close range. Gainsford put over the line,and Heyes cleared danger. Wolff had a lengthy spliet,Herri- son from a free hit failed to improve, and Yorkshire raced into Lancashire territory, "mere, from a pass by Oldfield to Gainsford, this player shot into the net smartly past Bout: (goal). After Heyes had secured a fly-hit, Madsen brought Riley down, and Marietta al- most got through. Daniels (goal) put out a free hit from Knowles. Wolff misdirected the flight only by a ' yard of the post. Marrian missed an easy chance, aftsr which Yorkshire dribbled into their opponents' 25 Farrar being prominent. The game at this point was devoid of sensational episodes, half-time arriving with Yorkshire having the only point scored. From tee interval te the cooclueion the gams assumed an exciting character. Cleaver eent forward a magnificent shot, his clubmate Harrison only just miss- ing on two occasions. Yorkshire conceded a corner,and Dickinson narrowly missed by inches. Butterworth,the right full back for Yorkshire, wai frequently applauded for brilliant checking, whilst Daniels merited a meed of praise felt clever custodianship, althoulh the former on one occasion allowed the ball to pass him, but,rectevering hiniself quickly, sent well in front to his forward. Tara minutes from the restait Wolff made no mistake in se- curing the equalising goal of the snatch, and would have certainly had another but for Marrian interpos- ing. Stark-Jones put irate the net from out- slue the circle, and Butterworth hit from mid-field over the line. Knowles hit into touch over ermae ladies' heads. Teale could not pass Busch and Eastwood. neither cenlii Ambler. The Yorkshire forwards displayed vast improvement, and obtained three cornets in succession. Knowles conspelled D inlets to kick out, a ectimmage ensuing, Butterworth receiv- ing a sight knock, Riley averting danger. From now to the finish a fierce bombardment occurred in York- shire's 25, but the Lancashire for wards were most unfor- tunate in not finding an opening, strive as they might to gain the winning peiat, and, at the call of time, were peppering away towards Daniels and his charge. A rorkihire player hit a spectator on the chin with the bill, knocking his pipe over tee hoarding without injur- ing the gentleman. &mit thrgughont the whole game never touched the ball once, surely a record for county matches. With the exception of Marrian and Rickitt, the Lancaahire team justified their selection. The York- shire team played wall td a man.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BM SOLD LE tI7AN D 1316 LITTLE

MOTHER.

Knocking at the docr of a house in Acre-road, Kings- ton-on-Thames, a repres2ntative of the "Kingston and Sorb iton News" was welcomed by Mrs. Martin, a little aged lady, we 1-known and reapscted in the district. She readily and cneerfully replied to some quPstions he had called to ask, and stated that for four years she had been a aripple from rheumatic gout in all her joints. She could not cut a slice of bread, and walking was im- possible. " I was unabe," ebe said, " to even lift my toot to get on to the path." " Did you have aay doctor ?" " Oh, yes. I went to a capable and well-known physician. long atended a lailias' hospital in Lou- du. 'fury 'At M 3 to a home at tha seaside, but I only grew worse. Nothing did me any good until I started taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Very thanktul I am that I did."

" Was the reuei aff ,rdel bp them imraediate or gradual ? ' asked the " News " reprtasntative. " Gradual, and now I am quite well." " and do you attribute tee cure to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ?"

" Entirely. I can put it down to nothing else." During tie converaitioa the good lady's stia, Mr. Frederick Martin, entered the room. He too waxe en- thusiastic. And a very goad reason the young man The story of his owe restoratioa was still more surprising. Nearly three years ago he enlisted iota the inaron highlanders, and during manceavres at Alder- shot contracted complaints which developed when he was seat to India. He spat blood, and was so racked witn pains from head to foot that life became a naisery. At last, completely paralysed on one side, be Wail in- valided home and admitted to Nstley Hospital in Novem- ber, 1837, where he remained for two months, bat w,ta na prospect of getting better. "Toe doctors," he eaid, "told me I was suffering from heart disease and rheumatic fever,aul taey did net give any hope." "Yes, and so I wrote and asked them to send him home," chimed in his mother. "If there was nO hope, hie last days should be spent in his own home." "Well, when I got home," cantinuel the young man, "my mother persuaded me to take some of Dr. William's Pink Pills. 41 Foe first box relisvai me a lot, and in less than a month I was able to work. Ihsre is nothing the matter with me now." Here, Ulm, was a man ho is the previous month left Englands' great military hospital in a supposed hopeless condition, and discharged from the army after strict medical examination, as unfit for further service. A soldier is never granted his discharge without grave cause. To-day he is earning his living by hard manual toil. Ordinary medicine had clearly been of no avail ; but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are not like ordinary medi- cine. They have repeatedly cured cases pronounced hopeless by doctors, including paralysis, locomator ataxy, and even consumption. They have rapidly cured many everyday ills such as rheumatism. sciatica, impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, ansernia, general weakness, palpitations, neuralgia, early decay, all forms of fsmale weakness, and hysteria. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are Bold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.G., at 2s. 91. a box, or six for 13s. 93. Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are not Dr. Williams.' The genuine Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are tonic,me purgative. 1

===== 0002601_18981209_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

HOW TO GET A BILLI•tED TABLE FOR 18s. Ed.— GROgGli G. BUSY Es CO., of 35 add 33, Queen Victoria street. London, make an ingenio is set of arranze- meets whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. The fittings are etstly fixed, and do no damage to the table' The price includes everything required to play the game. Aalc the load Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet.—Advt. (4)

THE NORTHERN UNION. CUMBERLAND v. LANCASHIRE.

hi g county fixture was paced at Wrkingto 1, where the Cumbrians, playing in d.shing style, neat the Lan- castrians by two goals sod three tries to one g at and one try. Young, Lintan. and Nixon obtained the win- ners' points, Chapman being the scorer for Lancashire.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR, COAIPETITION.

WIGIN v. LEIGH.

Gle it interest was centred in this contest, at Wigan. DuobAvin and Molyneux both dropped goals for Leigh, ho ultimately won by two goals to nil.

STOCKPORT v. kORECAMBE.

These club; met at Stickpin, the home fifteen' triumphing to the extent of two goals and three tries to one try. Robinom and Smile contributed to the win- ners' points. SALFORD •. ROCHDALE HORNETS.

Heavy ecorin; claracterisel thin match at Salford. where Sbarpe, Year,on, and Grey obtained five tries and Griffiths a goal for the hcme club, whilit Every, Rigg, ant White scored for the Hornets. Remit :—Salford, one goal five tries ; and Rochdale Hornets, three goals one try. TYLDESLEY v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

Tyldtaley was the venue of this gams, the Rangers aarninv a well merited victory by three tries to one try. Jackson, Nelsou, and Messenger registered tbe winners tries, Franc,' scoring for Tyldesley.

YORKSEIIttE SENIOR CONIPETITION.

HOLIIECK Y. HUNSLET.

This was a very one-sidad game at H 3113 ick, the vis tors winnin; in the easiest manner by four goals and seven tries to uil. G-ildthorpe, Gillings, ani Hannah were to principal scorers. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH v. MANNINGHAM.

- - TiliS match was played at Leeds, and rcsultei in a win for the Cuurch team by two goals one try to on goal. Loughlin aril Flwee..t score,' for the winners, Bentley dropping a g 1 f )r Manningnam. LEEDS v. HULL. _ _

A close and exciting game was the result of this mates at Leeds, the home team winning by one goal one try—obtained hv Lumley—to nil. CASTLEFORD v. LIVERSEDGE.

Sslmoni, Ara;clT-F-)e-t-er,...13a-r-to.r7, and Townsend all obtained points for Castieford, who were playing at home. Tile final score was—Castle ford, one goba four tries ; ani Liverfedge, nil. BRANILEY v. HALIFAX.

This game at was closAy contested, the home team ju3t managin4 to obtain a try through Bray,tikw j,l-15 b3foro thus winuing by throe pAute to ail. HUDDERSFIELD v. BA.TLE7. _ _

A very even g Imo het ween these flfcems, at Hudders- field, ended in a draw of coo goal each. Waterfield for Eluiderstield and llawkland for BadAy were the scorers. HECKNIONDWIKE v. BRIGdOU3E RANGERS. Reckmondwiks ware def?ated on tneir own grouad by one gal and two tries to nil. NAhing was scored until after half-time.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY li A.TO LIES.

WARRINGION v. BARROW.

The return frienily between Warringtaa and Barrow was played at Cavendish Park on Saturday under very depressiaz conditions. Rain fell heavily all morning, and although .the weather cleared during the Rig half the ground was in a rain-Jadden state. Barrow could only muster a very weak team ; not one of the regular three-quarters turned out, and further than that they were short of Chapman at half-back and three forwards. The visitors, as could only be expected, were a long way the b3st team both forward and behind, and the scare of one goal, tour tries might have beefs considerably aug- mmted had it not been fora lot of fasaty passing amongst the Warrington backs. On other occaslons they exhibited pretty combination, and continually taxed the home team's defence. The evergreen "Smack" Bate was the first to score, his partner Ashurst, claimed two tries ; and a last sprint along touch by Harris was the means of scoring the fourth try. Barrow were seen to best advantage in defence Wade at full back having his hands quite lull in checking the speedy Warring- WOW:I9. In the other departments the home team were clearly outclassed, but this in a great measure was duo ' to their weakened side. RUNCORN AT BRADFORD._ .

For the firstii-ia.; this season Bradford had a Saturday friendly encounter, the game being with Runcorn. There was not a large attendance of spectat )rs, and those present were not treated to an exhibition calcula- ted to rouse tiepin to any intense pitch of excitement. For a short time after the kick off, the Bradford team had a slight advantage. The visiting forwards, however, soon transferred play to the other end of the field, and Bradford toad to defend, b it Patrick kicked judiciously which materially agiisted in put:ing his side again on the offensive. Dobson, jue., was given a pass which be accepted, and, after a good run, wce pulled down when near the line. No scoring occurred up to the interval, Dobsen, jun., on resuminz contributed another good run which put dradford oa th aggressiva, and Wright, who played a very fine game forward, charged down a kick when near the line, which enabled him to score a try. Runcorn, by means of good fsrward play, trancferred the scene of operations, and, after VVarJer had an unsuccessful drop at goal, Gayter made matters equal by registering a try under the posts. Farmer took the shot at goal, but Bradley ,charged down the kick. Before the finish Patrick dropped a vat for Bradford, Who thus ran out winners by one goal one try (5 points) to one try (3 point 4). The home club took this oppor- tunity of testing the abilities of Lai:flaw, a SJottish in- ternatiorial forward. Dobson, jun., brother to the ex- international, and Elolvey, three-quarters. The former played a very strong game, and quite justified tee opinion entertained of him. Dobson also created a good impression, his speed and the way in which he took passes being much admired. Holvey, however, did not makes a successful &hint, his display being feeble. WIDNEI DEFEAT LANCASTER.

The meeting of Widnes and Lancaster at the Chemi- cal town on Satu/day did not produce anything very startling. It was a bard, pleasantly contested game, and Widnes, as lama', came out at the linish victorious, whining by two goals, one try (7 paints) to nothing-- not a bad result, considering that Batey, Martin, Murphy, Ha.mpson, and Aspay were absent from the team. The first hail yielded no score, but about half- way through the second Brennan, who had not played before the season away owing to a serious illness, dropped a neat goal, and just on dun Drummond secured a smart try, from which [bailor) landed a goat. Perc,val, who took Batey's place at full-back, played a splendid game, and Hughes, another " A" team lad, was the bast of the thre-,quarters. Drummond was exceptionally good at half. Among the forwards Turner and Thompson took thi Lai. Lancaster played in a spirited fashion throughout. They were weakened by the absence of W. Hall, but to a man they gave a good account of themselves, Mdrtley and Hartholm being pecially prominent.

WaIgtINGTOS " A " v. FLETCEEE RUSSELL. This match which aroused a great deal of interest locally was played on Saturday at Wilderspool ground, before about 2,000 spectators. The teams wore made up as follows :—Warrington : Boscow, full back ; Moores Ratcliffe, fieesotn, P.ndlebury, thres-quarter backs ; Bate and Allen, half-backs ; Hill, Taylor, Wilcox, Dakin, Cunningham, Androws, Barrett, and Townend forwards Fletcher Russell : Knight, full back ; Evans, Lawless, Woods, Radford, three-quarter backs ; Scott and Peden, half-hicks ; Su:tiers, Burrows, T Antrobus. F Berry, J Berry. J Warburton, Looker, Hampson, forwards. The laomesters kicked off and at once attacked, and within a few trnint.tes Taylor placed a goal. A little later Moores got hurt and had to leave the field. The visitors in their turn attacked, and after some rather scrambling play Foden gut over under the posts, aud Antrobus improved. Radford secured from a lactic-1311mM and running along the line was knocked into touch. Fletcher's were now pressing with energy, though without combination. Pendlebury took a pass and raced up, but was stopped close to the line. Play was taken in front .of Fletcher' goal, and Ratcliffe dropped, the ball striking the crossbar. Pendlebury was conspicuous with a goo t run Over. Warrington forced the game on the re-start and play settled for a time on the 25 yards line in the visitors quarters. Taylor missed a tree kick in a favourable position. Ratcliffe with a well-judged kick from the ground sent the ball over the cross bar. Moores now carne on the scene to help Warrington who wero playing in a very loose way. Some good play by the visitors resulted in Lawless getting possession,and aftir a longthy run he transferrsd to Evans who ^roun- ded at the corner. The kick for goal failed. Exchange punting took place and then Warrington invaded the visitors territory, but Fletchers' resisted the assault and returned play to the half-way line. Later Heesom kicked what seemed a clear gcal but the referee disallowed it

amidst loud shouts of disapproval. Til9 game resulted in a win tor Fletcher Russells by 1 goil 2 tries (8 points) to Warrington 2 goais (.4 points).

ItEr' SCOta ":" V. RIJN' coag 11021,1ET3.

The gamo between them t ,tll`i at Rune um, on Satur- day aft:rnoon, attracted but litt!e interest. From beginning to finish th display was not of a very high standard'. Honours were divided very equally until close upon time, when Kenyon scored a try for the " A " tam. The Hornets responded with a capital effort to equalise, but to no put pees. Stringer cauaed some amusement by a run up toe field, which resulted in him putting down la!tween the sticks. The referee had Founded his whistle for an infringement in mid-field, which occurred previously, and shortly afterwards the game ended :—Runcorn " A," one try (3 points) ; Run- corn Hornets, nil.

LANCISHIRE (A) TEAMS CET AMPIONSEHP. BROUGHTON RANGERS (A) v. TYLDESLEY (A). At Brough:oa. The Rangers started against the sun, and soon began to press, Lewis scoring a try which Sanderson failed to improve. Naylor scored almost im- mediatdr, Mannolk failing at goal. Johnson then ran over aFter a splendid run down the fie'd,Leather kicking the goal, Mannock scoring an unimproved try. Half- time :—Rangers, 3 tries (9 points) ; Tyldesley, 1 goal 1 try (5 points). During the second half, Mannock, San- derson, Brown and Lewis (2) scored tries, Sanderson and Crews kicking a,goal each, Ind Crews kicked one also from a free kick. Final :—Rangers, 3 goals 8 tries (30 points) ; Tyldesley, 1 goal 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_18981209_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing v uabie inform ation to Ladies,how all Irregularities may b entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. " Never Fails." Thousands Of Testimonials.—Mr. W. R. BLANCHA.RD, Claremont House, Forest-road, Ralston, London.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
DIPORTANT NORTHERN UNION MEETING.

SEVERE PENALTIES.

A meeting of the Gets rd Committee of the Northern Union was held in Manchester on Tuesday evening, Mr. D. F. Burnley (Bitley) presiding. Owing to the impor- tant items oa the agenda more than ordinary interest was centred in the proceedings. The Swintoe club appealed against the deduction of two points by the Lancashire Senior Competition Committee, who in- flicted the penalty in accordance with the bona fide-om- ployment rule. After brief consideration trio committee I upheld the decision of tho Lancashire Executive.—The question of referees' fees was then discussed. It was suggested that in county matches and where referees officiated outside their own counties its games in which one or more senior competition clubs were engaged,or in cup ties, the fee should be one guinea. The suggestion was adopted.--Tee committee of the Lancashire Senior Competition asked for a ruling as to whether the fact of one club offering another . club a consideration for the transfer of an amateur affected the status of such player. The reply was in the negative. The point aiesas out of the registration of Fletcher, of Seaton,by Oldham Kingston Rovers appealed for a reductioa of the fine of £5O recently inflicted upon them, but the Co mmittee decided not to entertain the application.—Kendal Bornets,Gleeby Hornets(Oldham), Seaton, and Caraforth were a dmitt?ci to membership of the Union.—An important matter ar icing out of the sus- 'pension of Fitzgerald the Batley three-quarter, was next dealt with. It was alleged that the club had played Fitzgerald during a period when be was not in a bona- fide employment. The case had previously come before the special sub-committee autherised to dee, with sus- pected cases, and Fitzgerald was provisionally suspended on Friday last. The offending club had now legal assist ance and, in addition to the principal officials, Fitz- gerald and a number of witnesses were in attendance. After a long discussion the Secretary informed the press representatives that the Committee, after a careful con- sideration of the case,had decided to suspend Fitzgerald until May I. 1900. Further, the Committee were of opinion that the Batley officials ought to have satisfied themselves as to the bona:fides of Fitzgerald's employ- ment, and their failure to do eo was a breach of the same bye-law. The club would be fined £6o.—The re- a:seising business was not of public interest.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON CUP. REPLAYED TIE.-FIRST RDIIND.

WARRINGTON ST. ALanv's V. BARNTON ROVERS.—Theso teams met a few weeks ago at Barnton. in the first round of the above cup, and the result being a draw,the teams again met at Arpley on Saturday. A very stiff struggle ensued and at the close the score was Warring.. ton St. Mary's, nil ; Bareton Rovers, nil. LANCASHIRE AMATEUR CUP COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND.

_ WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION V. ALLERTON PARK.—The above match was played at Carsten on Saturday, Alter. ton won the toss, and E. Connor sot the ball in motion at 2-30. The visitors at once pressed,and R.Pierpoint had bard lines with a sting shot, which the home goalkeeper had great difficulty in getting rid of. Even play followed and thee Warrington's misfortunes commenced, E. Con- nor being disabled and rendered practically useless for the rest of the gable. From a run up by the home fol., wards Allerton scored, Brierley (Warrington) at this time having to b 3 carried off owing to ain injured knee. The home team continued to press, and scored no. 2 with a good shot. Broughall at this time came full back, Thorp being severely injured from a misunderstanding. Broughall gave the home team the third goal. The home team continued to press until half-time, when the score was—Allerton Park, three goals ; Warrington nil. On re- suming the Warrington team was reorganized, R. Fair. dough going centre forward in place of E. Connor. Allerton tried hard to score, but the safe play of Roberts and R. Connor prevented tee immediate downfall of the visitors goal. From some pretty combination by the Warriegton Captain and right wing the visitors nearly se ored, but were repulsed at the last moment by Harris, the home left back. Allerton continued to press, and scored No. 4. Meal score :—Allerton, four goals ; War- rington A.F.C., nil. For the visitors the backs played exceedingly well considering the amount Of work that had to be done, especially Roberts, Broughall putting la some of his huge kicks. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. 1./ VE EPOOL A NUM R3.—T hi 3 Important combination fixture was played on the Nur- eery Ground, Newton,en Saturday, before a fair eprink- Bag of spectators. The Amateurs turned their full strength out, but the homesters made two changes from the team which was defeated at Peasley Cross the Satur- day previous, March returning t 3 his position as goal- keeper and Morrisey going on vice Frankland who has sustained an iajury to his knee. Newton won the toss and elected to play against the sliglittincline,the visit ors setting the sphere in Motion promptly to tiene.Give and take play was the ord3r for SOM3 time. The visitors returned to the attack, and after an exciting tussle near the corner flag between Hughe3 and Leith- wait,the former player got possession and he banged the ball past Marsh with a splendid oblique shot, thus scor- ing the Amateurs' firer, goal after 35 minute; play. ROUSE'd by this roverse, the homesters took up the running and a spirited attack on the visitora' citadel ensued, but owing to the grand play of the visiting defence, they could not score. Half-tinse score : Liverpool Amateurs, 1 ; Newton, 0. Right from the restart the Newton forwards showed that they meant business, and the visiters'goal had some truly marvellous escapes. Try as they would the visitors could not force the Newton men back, and eventually Galloway headed through, thus making the scores equal. Newton were soon again peppering the visitors' goal, and Galloway eventually scored the winning goal half an hour aft e• the resumption. Score :.—Newton, 2 ; Liverpool " A," 1. The Newton forwards showed a vast improvement on the Peasley Cross match : aad if they continue to show the same form, the N owton team should figure well in the combination.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMPTION

The rncst eminent Lung specialists prescribo ANGIER's PETROLEUM EMULSION in the treat- ment of Consumption and all chronic Lung Affections. By its antiseptic power it prevents the formation and spread of germ diseases, while it also has a wonderfully soothing and healing effect upon the inflamed mucous membrane of throat and lungs. Unlike Cod-Liver Oil it is pleasant to take and agrees with the most delicate stomach. We confidently claim that

===== 0002601_18981209_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
•GI oa* 93 Patr•latEra 4" 3 rdi ULS •

will do more to prevent and cure Consumption than any other known remedy. Of Chemists, 2/9 and 4/6.

CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained from particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE

on receipt of 3d. for postage. Tha Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.G.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
4 COMFOI k. v.. .......„ , Gives .. Plies, In boza

===== 0002601_18981209_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
IRI, CLEANLINESS AND CURE

FOLLOW THE 1.15 E OF

Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT.

s ease at once and effectually removal • ties, Cracks, Fissures and Ulcerations. boxes* dr 2/8 each: Post Creel/2,12P & CO IO BLACRIARS Rom .3 LONDON, LEI

===== 0002601_18981209_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Bronchitis

5 eet

remedy for Ailments of Children.

There are two points 0 emphasize in the letter we are going to ask you to kindly read. One is about bronchitis, and the other is in relation to the teeth- ing period of bibles. But let us withhold our cora- ments:until alter you have read the letter. " 13, Chaplin Street, Forest Hill, S.E., "May 2nd, 1898.

" feel I cannot speak too highly of your valuable preparation, it has done my baby so much good. He had a bad attack of bronchitis lAst November, and I gave him Scott's Emulsion, and it did him so mueh good that I kept on with it all the winter. I feel sure be would have been bad all the winter but for that, as all my children as babies suffer from bronchitis. I should strongly rec3m- mend it to all mothers whose children are at all weak at the chest, as it is both a food and a medi- cine. I speak from exp^rience. My baby is a fine specimen of it, and I shall still continue to us 3 it while he is teething. I am, &c. "(Signed) M. LONG."

Now, what the foregoing letter says about the effect. of Scott's Emulsion in bronchitis, speaks for itself. As a specific for the

Evidencs was given.

Scott's Emulsion is a safe and sure

ailments of throat and lungs, so common in Great Britain, Scott's Emulsion is without an equal. The reference in the later to its being " both food and medicine " is quite true, as Scott's Emulsion com- bines all the curative and nourishing properties of codliver all, glycerine, and bypophoselaiteg. The hypophosphites aid digeation, fced the nerves, nourish the bones, and sustain the brain, while the glycerine facilitates the absorption of the oil. In this way all the ingredients work together to im- prove health. During the teething of babies, Scott's Emulsion relieves much of the distreEs attending this period and we find universally whenever it is used for this purpose that the baties are scarcely any trouble at all. We cannot make tbia use of Scott's Emulsion too emphatic.

You will find Scott's Emulsion sweet to the taste and free from any burden for digeeti.m. It fa the most rational and mcst effectual form ef cod-liver oil. For sale by all chemists.

You may obtain s sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover poatage to Scott and Bowne, Lt]., Manufacturing Chemists, 95, Great Saffron Bill, Londcn, E.C., and mentioning WS paper.

As the theft was cmnmitt,ed within 500 yards from tin borough boundary, the court had jurls.liztion iu the case.

The prisoner was further charged with stealing two geese, of tie vatun of 103 , tan wow.] ty of Mr. Robert Curran, architint, Grappenhall, . .

The Chief Constable stated that the geese were last seen in Mr. Curran's yird at two o'clock on the after- neon of the 15th November. The same a' tOtnoon they were missed. At a quarter to five a gardener named Thomas Bleese, of Latctiford, saw the prisoner in Hunt's-lane. Hill Top, coming from the direo'ion of Mr. Curran'S house. He had a hamper on his shoulders, and it was covered with a sack. It should be explained that a hamper had been missed, as well as the geese. Previous to the robbery the prisoner went to Mrs. Rebecca Looker in the market and told her that he had nine geese,for sale,and asked her if she would buy any. She replied that it all depended upon whether the geese wese suitable as to size. Th.) prisoner went away, but later on returned to Mrs. Looker, wao was a poultry dealer, /kn., carrying on business in the market, and offere I two geese for sale, and she bought them giving 4s. 11d. each. Although Mrs. Locker could not swear that tee prisoner was the man who sold the geese she could say that he was certainly the one who made the arrangement for the sale. However, there was a man I named William Longshaw, greengrocer, and nephew to Mrs. Locker, who could prove that the prisoner was the man who came to see Mrs. Looker, so that the identiti• cation was complete. The prisoner, who made no reply to the charge, was committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions. These will be held en the 1311 Dec,mber.

A ....-- - .. • , .. ------ .".14:,*;,/:t,r;:----,-.4•0, -',;,*','. ~,,,,,,..,),,ritv,..:.tokAv.,•:'k.v.:;\ / '4;l c, ../,,c.„0„,„),,,1:_:i,.,.,..„..,.. /..„.„,::::.„,.::::.•.::... .:, - ~:t1,,:..,:,.,,:i„_:,f----,...„.„..,_,1,A: ~. .....1.. /t...,:.::::,;:.,„:::::..: .. .. iill.T.::.:F'''''."------------..,..---Z......, ' . 'i., • . , ',,,,, ~;, ...,,,, ..... ; ',, . , !.....--,..,.,,,. ililn:.. .'':i :I'. ....... :.!i------"'-'-----..-,--.."-.,.------:::-.:•-•-,,." ' I I'. '' U'''''irit,r,t,'24..,;.-'::::..4c ;:... . ~::._ . .:''''''''.. '''''' '':------------::M: A.lr,: a ,l, ' . '-7,'';''2l/4::".,..V;et",'..',' 1;• , ~.-, - „,... ~. ''''''' . . '.;::....,..,..„„.._..r., '\.5.,,,,„ ,qi ,' ."'.!;.,,,,,,....f.;,,,,,...:•:.,::::•:-.,,,;:i;r:',"'"'-' . -- ._...:-_:,,„:1\,,4,., .• ..- -.7. ‘ -i.,--.. .0.i.-:::::,:,,,..:.,-,,,,;„,,,i:FE,..,-,.-flzir:-....-r7.,:,..7.-_____---z--t-,,,,_...... ------,:-:--_--,___',\- 4 -..,,-,-. 4 ' ':', -•''''• -' - - ,-",.. .:::•-• ........ • 1(M:••;*...,,..,,.•:',,,,,i,-;•.l.'ii ''..:1•\''.'i.r5.k.,:.,‘,Y,.11:1.4111C;C:::,'::T.tif.,.. '1 riViiiiit.g:,-1 rl-V,ii;y:_];;;-.7,---'7.57,437-----keLL;-I:4ttoVA :-...-'_ii:74::i ! ............... ! '... . .....;:,: -"'"--.,"'. -.,,,,,,,,,,vnv.,,,,Av..1-:,k ,W.1.?.":'.. ~ ...o.:' „ ',pi 1.,7 ,:; '''''T-- 1-!.-7, ...'*P4-v,..:4.:---,niLii,3-.==-_- _ - :;.1.,i':.,:•,!,: ..:: iiii lily 6..ifilli i 1 f fir - ..',. . .':'::',..,',...,.d‘'j::2:',..k,V;•Vt7 Sy% i: ;-- ~, ...:11,1 - 1 ' ;,,.! ) ' og!:;!,:f ...,..,...-:':..:±iii!qt;;:::::.iiii,=,_-_-="-_—_ ko:,, ;, '' ' ! !!11.f !ii 11d; 1a it Tr p.l ' '". \::'...•.\';'VgA's \ \ :A.**, : ,::: ; ",,,; ' . 7l: . .7-,„.,,1;:f:M1if. '..:•ii.---..--='-= , - , ~,,....:,,..:.:\,..:,1.' \ \ \\,i,g, \N\'.,;,,ti.:;,k..., --:i•J.i::iii.jf:jiiiitri/ii::!.. -::::f446.2.1'.4-7;„:,.-'..s;._______:::____":----i----7.,-_----..,_:_:-.,‘1,:,..f./...::.:./.,/,,''fi i i vii;,,,,...::.:,:,.., . .. :4;1.... \ W i:: ::''t.•..'.2:-..-:',.i'.iliiilti. .._._,1,---'..--_---------------.--------7-1.-_______________.-7----7-. --.'''....,,,.',4 //// billii:iiilik.,-11_ , ' \ \ \ \ \ ..:::::..:.:.4\ \ ;A:v',. \\ , , 4.1.4. git.. .._.f: • ~T, :.,,,.-:,..__-..- -=_;_7_..--77i--;"..--=' ^ ' ..,,,,te, ... •.,::::,:".'%'-rF ''' 44.77/./(?l,l4Sw_ kfaarlii .... ......................... :„',1",,,i;.‘,,-.,^',',., ::,Z‘,4('','......„':'!;; y.. 1 p \ga.0,4,:i,44,,, I: i., :4, ti...:PT?:-‘,4:''. \\r''''' \\ \flif",r:;.K..4";;-;7777a--'5.-„7....e")'11441414' ' 4,..,%'(..% ..1.*:://# ,),/'; >Pi, . '-- . ''' . f‘v.' • lj° g ''. .o".''''. ‘.:..''''''' I\X‘l4';'''' liiitifiAltig44'7l/*/"..' 4f:'.:::''' ','':.4•,;/,' ,'....gry. 7,7,.,,,::, ~,, ' - ''''''' -4 4.'1/4*.r" \ \,,, \ ,'-..,• ~t,'.• ).-- ,f-1, ;:i.., wiir,,....:::.,...,....•:-2:::<..,.....;:;:p4../vier ..,,..-;-,:d.,;,',...,:?; .\---. ,',:",!,i.„,'•.)...i1iii '1,L,',.:--.'..-,,.*‘\\\ A\. 1 i 'J, ; rig.,,,„:„:„,„:„..„...„:„..,,,.,,,,,,,,..;,,,„,„,,,,,„,..„„..,.,...:,,,,,_,,,„:4::,„„ ~••...,,„,,,.,,,,,,,,„,,,,,,„,.. „ \ \ \ ,• - , . . , 'if' "o,Yel, ' ..',4:::::::,i -: ': : ' ~, 'i,, 2; ''' ..i-' • .....::. \ 11‘111 ' ' I ;it ''li I h 4 Pliff /. i 14'''',..../.14.....::::::::.::::. -f,!_-_:::'..-_ ',-,--',-;,-,,,!---,,,'t::, ERNEST LONG.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATCHFORD ROBBERIES.

PRISONER COMMITTED TO QUARTER SESSIONS. At the Warrington Police Court on Thursday last week bel'ore Alderman Sutton (chairman), Alderman Fair clongh and Colonel Ridgway, Thomas Barb.ir, of no fixed abode, was charged with breaking and entering the booking office at Latchford Station, between 11.30 p.m. on November 16th and 6.30 a.m. on November 17ch, and stealing therefrom a man's brown tweed jacket and a youth's tweed suit of clothes, valued at 255. Mr. W. H. Lorraine, barrister, of Liverpool (instruc- ted by Mr. C. H. Mason, prosecuted on behalf of the London and North-Western Railway Company, and said that at 11.30 p.m. on ths 16th Novenner too booking office was locked up, and on the following morning at 6.15 was found t have been broken into. The till had been broken open, and the cash dish was found lying on the counter. A suit of clothes and a coat wore missing, and they wereafterwards found in pawnshops in Man. cheater. The prisoner was arrested on November 22nd ' on another charge, and on the 25th No vember he was charged with breaking and entering Latchford S ation ' anti stealing the goods,when he replied plead guilty." William George Bottom, 579, Enutsford-road, said he was a porter in tile employ of the London and North- Wes srn Railway at Latchicra station, and at 11-40 p.a. on the 16th Novemberho locked the booking office op and went home. The parcel produced with the brown tweed suit of clothes, was /eft in the office addressed to Mr. Eowden. Edward Bouwright, 40, Wash-lane, said he was a por- ter in the employ of the Landon and North-Western Railway Company. He went on duty at Latchford station at 6-15 a.m. He lit the gas, and and found the cash boa open on the ncunter. He looked round the office, and st.w that a pane of glass in the window bad been brck-n, large enoagn to admit a person. He found the label and brown paper produced, but the clothing wh:ch it contained tile previous night was missing. David 13uraside, 569, Kuutsford road, Latchford, an emploó of the London and North• Western Railway, said he lei.; duty on the Ifith November at 7.15 p.m. He left a tweed jacket in the booking office, and when he returned the following morning ho was informed that it had gone. He va'ued the coat at 5. John Howell, detective officer in the seivice of the London and North VVestrra Raiiw ay Cotnpany,mid that on Thursday morning, the 17th of November, he was called to Latchford station. He found that the booking office lond been broken into, a pane of glass having been brck,n. There was no other means by which a person could have got into the office. Walter Bailey, manager for James Thompson, pawn- broker, 135 Trafford.road, Salford, deposed that on the morning of the 19th Noeembsr prisoner pledged the tweed suit of clothes at his shop, in the name of Baker, Cliffo:d-otreet, Sal furd. He gave him 35. on the goods. . . . .

Elien Skellec, assistant to John Goodson, pawnbroker 87, Upper Mc:is-lane, Buhne, said prisoner pawned the coa; p.aauced at the shop for 2s. 61 Fie gave the name of BAer, Hall terrace, Igsnchestaz.. .

Superlltendan:. Monaghan,olid he went to Manchesl'er on the 23rd Novea,ber, and received the stolen articles fra.n the lest witnesses.

P.S. Lewis said that at 12.30 a.m.on the 22nd Novem- ber he arrested ptisoner at Latchford, on another charge. He chatged prisoner at the Police Station with breaking end entering Latchford Station and stealing the clothing thereftom, and he replied " Guilty." Prisoners who had nothing t 3 say, was also charged with steali,2; a mare,value £3O, the property of Richard Ireland, .hawker, Latchfoid, from a fieid at Thelwall. . . _

_ The Chief Constable said on thel3ch Novamb3r,lreland told his son to take the bay cart ma7e and plice it in Mr. Tnomas Bro,lrs's field at Mel well. The animal was p'aced in the field and aftei wards missed. The prisoner took the horse to Thomas Whitelegge, farmer, Warbur- ton, and introduced Posself as Gbirge Jones, carter of c)al and bricks, 32, John-street, WarrMgton. He said the animal was too light for his work, and he would like to exchange for an cider one with something to boot. It was agreed that an exchange should be made, and prisoner to have RS IGS. Mr. Whitelegge paid prisoner £2 lOs down, and promised to give him the rest of thb money the same evening at Warrington. It was ai ranged to meet at Warrington Bridge' and as prisoner did not turn up Mr. Whitelegge began to b 3 suspicious. Subse- quently Ireland accompanied P.S. Garner, of Lymm, to Mr. Whitelegge's firm, and he found his horse in a stable. Prisoner was subsequenuly apprehended by P.S. Levis and P.C. Stewart. P.S. Garner charged prisonor with stealivg the hrrse, and he replied lam guilty."

RARE FRENC9 & HMI; Curios, Facetice, Illustrations, &c. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTIOX. CATALOGUE It. POSTAGE 20,

H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's, pm Ns

===== 0002601_18981209_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
rowell'A Balsam

'a—VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE RAIR,—If turning grey or white or falling of/ use the ME. RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every k white hair to its original colour,llt makes the hair beautiful, as well as promoting the growl.h. per bottle.—Advt.

EiICAN

Ani;eed

ci,••• -- "[AIR Ot

---0,1-SAM Or- te r, fisi, 4 ~........_ „w ..#0,.....‘ , b': V %.1,, k•. 4 0 ~figli,„ o,,z—i , ..••••••17.11...7.4,111r.,_ , . lafirt pAARIt t r 0 - - -

-••••

===== 0002601_18981209_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
har— ,r oiltig 33, oy

casei. gr:'Y

===== 0002601_18981209_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18981209_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
i 1 , , , , , r 1, 0. , : II , t

===== 0002601_18981209_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
1

THE EY,IAM/NER, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9, 1898

fill- ‘`4i'cq::.;',?,,,,,,,_, ,:elsr,... 0‘ "ki,,MO, V 4 Ni, 4i.,0 Ni i ' rk ,A .. ".1 00,410051 r iv, at - .^k , .r., '. f 't4.+J 1,1,-,),.4 %./k.• la y. V ,err , A si,-- :9k4ii*N..Ftir " h,ww....,..,.

;,:td •tn0.,".1 .

I,k4' ' -24 ;.,1 1/401- ,

°'.1•4:44719 e-4,':"414 p - . . 0.,-. ...v .i,• • , . r : • er .., • 4,,,, , r.„ -8,-0 - = -0--P -Sl' ' !_qt'l*.•er-.:*t?,,,,,...4, 40$.t

===== 0002601_18981209_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
tt4l,,w, ; ~,,,,,,::,, 4-:! ito'r*•4 ~ ,:,,,. .....f.4:7:4-4'.* ," /)• ' A 1 -Ikt. : v;;:, ~,,, . ;,.4sp, .... ‘ j' o 44-0,4

RINGS; ERZ4X,IHES, BRACELETS, PENS; PENDANTS, NECKLACES; HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS; STUDS AND• SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent Selections Sent on Approval. Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Catlery, post frei'N

Steam Factory:

& 49LIWATik" I r 0 25, OLD BOND 5T.112.; 9 ROvlii E7r777,1 oTril 9 3 -1:Jitb.h1.7.,311 .-_,;;Q:) 'll.t.t.sr t •

ELOEILINE I—To • THE TEETH AND BREATlL—Thoicudily T RI A L AN OF E TO NET 250 PAGES cleanses the teeth from all parA sites or impu•l t les, harden the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the • (Full Music Size.) teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance The Pictorial tutor De.criptive Prospectus A. The most 5 POST Contains 70 Illustrations to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar or being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap, and over es. Songs the FlorillvE "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Music" Office, est book ever published, Dances, Carols, Antherast Adv • anybook or muslcseller unders/- 20, Ludgate Hill, London, E.C. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes,

A Su e and Certain CURE for PAINS in the 4:AChT &elraffing. 77114. 4" U • A NEW DISCOVERY. -

ONE PRIZE OF , TWO , ~ FIVE £5. 11 , TWENTY-FIVE 3, For the 33 nearest estimates of the number of Tins of NESTLE'S .llLlilsold through the Manchester Office during the year ending December 14:,h, 1898. Entries Close at 12 o'clock noon on December 14. INSTRUCTIONS.—Cut off that part of the label of a rib. Tin of NESTLE'S MILK across which the words "Prepared in Switzerland " are printed in red (this can be easily done by drawing a knife down the black lines enclosing the part.) On the back of this write your estimate in figures with your name and address. Nothing else, please, and write clearly. Post this in an enve- lope, penny postage, addressed— NESTLE COMPETITION, . 22, Banging Ditch, Marichest:ir. . N.B—The postal authorities will not carry this for a ha'penny. Employees of the firm not allowed to compete. In casewof ties the Prizes will be divided. : e This Competition is open to residents in Laricashire,Clieshire,and the•towns of Sheffield, Rotherham C Halifax, Huddersfield, and Bar:salty. Competitors may send in any number of estimates (one es y ond, each labelbbut only one prize awarded any one person. h to ar ifie l NumberTfinumber ec u oa iftins % vi t o 1 d duringi will the same period lit year was over Three Millions. be advertised in the local papers on December 15th, and the winners names:will appear on December 19th. Figures certified by Mr. G, IL RUSSELL, Chartered Accountant., 1, Fennel•street, Manchester who will in conjunction with Mr. ,T. 11. TfIORP, Solicitor, 18, Corporation-greet, Manchester, act as Arbitrators, and anyone entering this Competition must accept their deesiou in any dispute as final. actual

===== 0002601_18981209_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
, --t% irict , 51, .t 7 . o.viliil ~, t 5, ..,, 4, t • 7g‘L Ir st, 1 v ' 1 Li .* i

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the Plaster. ALL CHEMISTS. Wholesale : 104, GOLDEN LANE E.C.

WORTH A GLIIIMEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
13E3WiliM9S

BILIOUS

Sick

AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach. Imated Mgestion.

Disordered Liver and Fe,raatlo Oments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM. St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. ad. each, with full directions. Sold e7erywhere.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as •

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be. set down as the best. —Observer. ci

===== 0002601_18981209_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS al LS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.0-30 ~

===== 0002601_18981209_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CEIVLNG HOTJB7.-- Earlestown ,

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Sun-Orptcrs --• "Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwicic *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 0-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

6-30 p.m. _

9-25 a.m. --a-lia 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Ofices also

WALL BOXF.B— Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction... Church-st.,'borne. Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Buttonwood (Providence Place)(

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.tn„ 12 noon, 2 &

7 pan. 6-40 p.m. is 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 ain And 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.n., and 6 pan. Span.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p, time as letters.

England, Wales. Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Prodsliam, Weisby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire . Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, .7;outhport Pr,s,..ot. Wigan, Orms- 4:trit Wido r & Earlei+ own Li ndon, Foreiges, and the South Al!diand C,t,nties & south Wales Prcidon, Nora Lancashire, New- ton. le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester . . Manchester tulon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Mintand Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man-1 cheater, Bolton. & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Tlastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, 8; Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Wools( on, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ..

" a.m.

10-30 „ 10-45 .. 11.30 k. 11.45

1. 12-0

=FOR THF BLOOD

from the Receiving Office at Barb. ~m.; from all Sub-Offic;es at the Barn

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOW'S :-

NE. 10-15 a.m

To I BY I Callers. Postmen. 7-0

11-30 a.m

3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.2-1.5

===== 0002601_18981209_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ } 3-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ill' Tre3"47W 3,4; ot Qtf, .5 s 55faz-a:: r,,O.PLUKIMMA: 4.4.1

THE

===== 0002601_18981209_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 aMI. Nil. Nil. Nil. d-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18981209_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME,

WHO ARE

===== 0002601_18981209_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK

CLARKE'S B 41 PILL are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary OrgAi.s, Gravel and Pains in the ha k. re from Mercury. Established upwards of 33 care. In boxes 4s. 6,1 each. of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The i,,ncolu and M'dland Comities Drag Coml:any, Mum: n 4 du

===== 0002601_18981209_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TnI3P.CC(IIIIS7'B Comme nein Fr.—See Illiitrat Quid (2 9 1, ve. Toh.v,o Out Ott in. 4 Co., £6, ` u.rovi-rnn ki Is% v cis sii ie—.,(4erTirk. 54

===== 0002601_18981209_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
.2 5

..0 . 7. .7.7 7. er.,,, L /an Away 4t,4 i . .„.... ~. .4.715 to _ . ~..

In 10,000 Presents before Christmas, also

===== 0002601_18981209_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
,R, 10* iti FREE MONEY. PRIZES

AS FOLLOW.

Ist PRIZE £5O, 2nd PRIZE £25, 3rd PRIZE £l5, 4th PRIZE £lO NO ENTRANCE PEE WHATEVER. The above 10.000 presents (amounting at rPtqii value 1.9 £625) F.nd £lOO Free Cub prizes will h, given away as an advert6ement amongst the eomp,titars eel.° c*n make out the correct names of slx English EL,me fruits, which the followin4 mixed letters will spell viz

===== 0002601_18981209_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
RRHYEC, EEEGGGANR, CHEAP, LUMP, TAPIO CR, TARNICENE

Send in your solution immediately, and we will infirm Novi if correct, and give u full details of tho C unpetition, With conditions end oate of closing If you cannot solve them all do as many pos ible, as there are foor mottey prizes to compete for. as well as the 1000 presents. No solution can be received alter December 19th, 1898,—. Address :—FINE ART COAIANI, Oa, lidedon-road, Holloway, London.

V4O22OOONMIWIZOLCV.-4X4080 ; The 'finest Coffee Essence th-I."`P ..„? I money can buy is Syrnirigton's Edin tc - burgh Coffee Essence, Makes a cep $ in a moment Fi'olll Gro:ers throng-h..: out the world. R, tiZ,':',l-3C;C,%3C ":1-..': L.* .:•:', L.:..0 Z.: : : : :CZ. : : ::.)

qwvs,oswrg;ittaoro..sayXCOCtti " Never be with out 'a bottle of i? S yin ington's Edinburgh Coffee i 4 Essence in the house. All - Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a momerj;;24lA UTAKI;42TCa.74I.3O.?,:,\WIeVZ-P.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMPin

===== 0002601_18981209_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"«.‘"

===== 0002601_18981209_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
b

I

- - A, e.,,, ,

===== 0002601_18981209_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
tters to the 03.1itor.

AN APPEAL TO THE CHARITABLE

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me to make my annua anp=ml for cast-off clothing, my stcck being quite done Anythinz suitab'e for children a sp,cially useful Parcels will be sent for on receipt of post card. Thank- lng.you for past favours.—l remain. Yours f tlthfully, HENRY TAYLOR (Pace Court Missionary).

THF REPRESENTATION OF FAIRFIELD WARD. Sir,—l was extremely glad to see that Mr. Duncan had lo?.en returned again, and by such a good majority. As I don't think Fairfield Ward wi I be long without aooth3r election, might I ask both Llbsrala and Conser- vatives to sink politics, and bring out Mr. J .G. Craik, whom I am sure would please alt parties, and would be an excellent representative, but who declines to be the puppet of any party. I am a Conservattve, but I am not goinl to vote for a man who is thrust on us, because he happens to have money, neither am I going to vote for a man to represent us, who lives at Newton. I think in Fairfield Ward, we can find men amongst U 3, quite capable of lookinz after our interests, without import- ing one, either from Wmwick, or Newton.-I(aurs truly, A WORKINGMAN.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPO3ED NEW HOTEL IN ORFORD.

Sir,—As a resident in and off Orford-lane for 30 years I cannot conceive why myself and a many others who take a little ref reshment,should be compelled to go froml the bottom of Orford-lane to the nearest place,that is the ' Lord Rodney, to get a glass of Peter Walker and Sons'l spirits or ale, which we prefer to any other. I think your readers will agree with me that there is a house in that locality which belongs to the above firm that will make a splendid hotel with a bowling greeo,which would the very convenient for recreation and social amusement. Moreover we find Pater Walker and Son's public houses are being conducted, second to none, both in cleanliness and soberness and in addition to that there is n credit given, and no games of rings or dominoes allowed to en- 1 courage custom and drunkenness. Sir, the above pure I facts should speak volumes in favour of our having iltalker's refreshments nearer to our homes as we have as I moth right to have our beer and spirits as a teetetaller.l to have tea or coffee. And one firm has no more rig'at to monopolize than another.—Yours December Ist, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„

===== 0002601_18981209_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

6

===== 0002601_18981209_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
EQUAL JUSTICE.

THE GUARDIANS AND THE LA.DIES' VISITING

CO NI MITTE O.

Sir,—l read in your Saturday's isme the report of the meeting of the Board of Guardians on 23rd ult. I came to the conclusion that a more shameful proceeding I could scarcely believe any public buly being capable of transactini!. That the ex parte statement; a a re- cently appointed official, extorted in confidence, should be publicly discussed, and not in committee, and ac lowed to go forth to the public prev, casting aspersion on that most estimable body th 3 Ladies Visit- ing Committee ar.d on the efficient and kind hearted Matron, surpasses my understanding. In fact it is my oplnion that the Clerk would have been quite justified In ruling the discussion out of order. I would be the last man to stifle enquiry into any abuse of our pablic Institutions but in the nom' of Heaven let it be fair and not one-sided. "Audi alterant partent " hear the other aide, before exposing any one, particularly ladiea, to false impressions. Again, the Guardians allowing the names of the ladiea recommended to be added to the visiting committee, but declined by them, to go to the public press was a curse wanting in fine feelings and delicacy to those ladies. • . .

I must ex-press my admiration for the two gentlemen, viz., the Rev. W. El. Drummond anl Mr. A. J. Jolley, vrho protested aqainst these unjust proa?elings. I am, dear sir, yourstruly,

FAIRPLIY.

TH3 BAND OF HOPE_ METING.

Sir,—ln your report ef tnis meeting; in th 4 " Examiner" of the 26:h of November, Vlore are two points upon which, with your kind permission, I will make a few observations.

---- - The phenornonon of Mr. R. A. Naylor blessing the publicans is the first ens. The fact that Mr. Naylor is the Chairmen of an oreanisation which seeks to train up children and young persons to avoid the public-house, may fairly be taken as a proof that Mr. Naylor regard; the drink traffic as an evil thing. And yet he goes out of his way to give a good testimonial to the men and women who are engaged in it. I confess I cannot see the logic of this. If it be true that a man's character is more or less influenced by his occupation and surround- ings, then surely a trade which protluces drunkenness, crime, and destitution, cannot fail to have an evil effect upon all who live and grow rich by it. There ' is something so hard and Gruel in taking the money of Door people for drinks which only make them more wretched still that I feel constrained to think that there must be a lack of human kindness and sympathy in tee traders. Still I would not send them to " the bottom- less pit" to which Mr. Naytor referred, bat on the con- trary, my worst wish for them is that they may be brought to see that it is not rieht, even for the sake of wealth,to carry on a trade which in the words of a great brewer "is only another development of the war be- tween Heaven and Hell." My second point is the blessing of " the trade " itseq by no less an authority than a professional preacher,Mr. Gambit; Walker. Mr. Walker is reported to have said that " he behaved with the chairman that they had no right to attack brewers or publicans tor the simple reason that they were carrying on a perfectly legiti• mate business that was sanctioned by the Sale." Unfortunately, it is only too true that the Liquor traffic is a government institution. The imprimatur of Parlia- ment, however is far from being a true test that the measures it puts forth are sound and good, and bene- ficial to the people. Mr. Walker knows, or ought to know, that the Legislature which sanctions and encour- ages the sale of intoxicating liquors in England in the interests of the exchequer and the publicans, is the very earns that legalisee vice of a revolting charalt3r in India in the interest of the Army! The divine axiom, " The tree is known by its fruit," applies with peculitr force to rhe liquor tree in this country. A tree whose fruit is a terrible crop of drunkenness, crime and destitution, is hardly one to be blessed by a man who regards himself as a minister if Him who ttueht his distiples to pray, " Load us not into temptation." Then again, if the drink traffic is a legitimate and good ono why have recourse to Bands of Hope, good teal- plary and other teetotal devices to do battle against it ? I never heir of oreanisations got up against the ns ,nu- facturerS of doors and window frames,or against bikers, grocers, and tailors, for the very obvious reason that all these men are useful members of semi oty,and minister to the necessities and com!orts of hum In life. But it is far otherwise with the trade of the publican. am liquids simply no net vat wants, but create false appatites whose indulgence leads to shame, ill-health, poverty, and, in numberless c to de tth itself.—Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CLIUR.CTIES.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIE FY-OPEN MEETING.

T.her-e-was a large at'endance ia-Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon when ac open meeting in connection with the P.S. A. Society was held. The service was pre- sided over by Mr. G. Thompson, of Great Sankey, In the course of a brief speelh, Mr. Thompson alluded to the temptations which beset young men in the present day. He severely deprecated the gambling craze in con- nection with sports and recreations, acri advised young men to give no countenance to gambling. Addressing himself to the married men preelt he expree led the opinion that they were getting a little bit selfish. In taking their pleasures it was getting the custom of mee to leave their wives a; home. It was their duty to try to make life brighter for those who had to undertake the drudgery of the home during the week. The speaker then proceeded to refer to the formation of a sick club in cennection with the P.S.,C. Society, and hoped that it would be taken up by the members and prove a success- ful venture. In the absence of Mr. J. Walley, of Man- ebeser, through illness, the address was delivered by Mr. Alfred Carney, of Warrington. He lotrodueed his remarks by referring to the life of Pdiriam, the sister of Moses, and stated that it was woman who inspired man to noble actions. Men needed the help of woman to en- courage and to inspire. A woman's sphere in life was no, bounded by the four walls of her home. There were great social evils at the present day which would never be solved unless they were solved by the women. 911 history was with him when he sail that all social reforms had come from women. He illustrated hie meaning by raferring to the work of Harriet Beecher Stowe, Elizabeth FIT, Florence Nightingale, and Catherine Booth. Women had also a sphere amongst the nations of the earth. There was one great national cause at the pr2sant time which should be dear to the heart of every WOaltn. A woman knew the horrors ot war ; the carnage of the battlefield filled hr with loathing. She sent her busband and sons to be shot down like stuhle in the fieirl. The speaker referred ti the Czar's rescript, and urged the women to usetheir influence for a better understanding amongst the nations on the question of war and arma- ments. In conclusion Mr. Comes, referred to the influ- ence which women should have .in Christ's Church.— The soloist was Mr. W. H. Ireland who +lave an exlenent interpretatim of the solos : "The Star of Be.thiehem " and "The Light of the World." Mr. Payton presided at the orean with hie usual ability.—TOO serviee was also taken part in by the Rey. John Yong, Mr. T. Wal- lington, and Per. Healey. A collection was taken on be- half of the society's funds.

FOR BABY'S SKIN,SCALP,AND RAlR,nothing in the whole world is so clEanaing, se purifying, so blautifying as Cirricntta SOAP, the most effectiv3 sk:n and ow- plesiost soap, as well as the purest and sweetest for tellet, bath, and nursery. For distressing facial fir:lo- tions, irritationg of the scalp, with dry, thin, and falling hair, red, roue' hands with shapeless nails, and simple rashes and blemishes of infancy it is absolutely incorn- parable.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9 1898.

EA.RLESTOWN & NEWTON. FREE CHURCH DEMONSTRA- TION AT EARLESTOWN. P.S A. The usual meeting on Sunday afternoon was pre- On Tuesday evening a—gooT audience gethered in the sided over by Mr. T. Williamson. There was a large Town Hall, Earlestown, in connection with a Deiced attendance, mai a capital address was given by the Demonstration of the Free Caurehes of the distract Rev. J. Shirtcliffe. Recitations were given by .dr. under the auspices of the Newten-in-Makerfield Council Robinson, and Miss F. Holliday contributed .vocal of Free Churches. The Rev James Aliatt pr ssicilid, acid selections, whilst MrePeplow gave violin solos Miss he was supported by the Revs R Veitch, M.A., (Liver- Williamson presided at the piano. pool), E Becock, PR Passmore, FE Miller, Mr J Wor- thington, J.P., (Wigan), Mr J H Profit (secretary.) NEWTON CONGREGATIONAL LITERARY SOCIETY. The meeting was opened by the singing of the hymn At the usuil weekly meeting of this society, held "Onward Christian Soldiers," after which the Rev E on Monday evening in the Congregational School- Beeock, engaged in prayer. meta, Newton, the Rev. James Allatt presided. Mr Jfl Profit, (as secretary), was asked to read a re- The programme for the evening was " A night port is connectioe with the Council. At the outset he with the Poets "and selections from various poems expressed the pleasure it gave him to see Mr. Allistt in were given by eeveral of the members present, the the chair. He thought the Council was to be coleratu• gathering being interesting. latel heartily upon its happy seleetion of its first presi- dent. (Hear, hear.) He must tell them that most of the TENNIS CLUB BALL AT NEWTON. seccess which had attended the preparations for that In connection with the No wton-le-Willo We tennis meeting was due to the tact and businesslik3 character Club, a dance took place at the Town Hall, Newton, of his presidency. lie was also indebted to the execu- on Friday evening. The hail was very nicely live and officers of the various churches for their willing decorated, the work having been carried out by the and cotdial helpfulness. They were aware that any lady members of the club. There were about 35 report he must present of any preeeediags up to noiv, couples present, and dancing was carried on with must be very bare indeed, for they had only just come spirit to music supplied by Mr. Peplow's band. The into existence. The name of the Council had been were Messrs. G. Houghton and H. Law. The selected because they wanted to absorb all the Free catering Was carried out by Mrs. King. Churches in the district. They had already included all the Free Evangelical Churches in the township. They 1.0.G.T. HOPE Olv EARLESTOWN LODGE, had an abundance of Methodist fire, and a good supply On Friday night 35 members of the above of Baptist Water, with a dash of Celtic energy, and the journeyed to the Wesley Hall Ledge, Liverpool, Congregational engineering skill to direct the whole. where an excellent programme was well carried The council consisted of 26 members, and in the interval out. Bro. T. Cutler, C.T., presided. A short address which had elapsed since the first meeting, they had had was given by Bro. E. Newman. Thanks were ten- one or two executive meetings, and they had been dered to the visitors by Bro. Rev. J A Lea, seconded marked with the greatest harmony. Tney had a grand by Bro Rll Edwards, C.T. After refreshments had inheritance of liberties, and they wanted to use them. been served, the party made the return journey ("Phuge') home by the 11-15 train. The Chairman said he confessed he had looked forward to that meeting with many mingled feelings, bet now he MAGIC LANTERN ENTERTAINMENT. greatly rejoiced with them all that the wave of t at On Saturday night a magic lantern entertain- great movement had reached as far as unto them. It ment in connection with the P.S.A. was held in the was only some six years old, and already 700 Councils Co-operative Haleentitled "From Liverpool to New had been formed to emphasise the fact for the benefit of York by the White Star Line." There was a good all concerned that they were not divided. Fifty years audience present and they were treated to a very ago such a tneetiag as that would have been entirely im• interesting set of slides,Src., which had been kindly possible, but they had learnt to know and to love each lent by Mr. Stringer, the local agent of the " White ethereta e i n a meanwhile,e es ao hthat without thethe e y could ndanedr e did art td cC- Star Line." Mr. W. Lawson was in charge of the pof their tPge one individual or denominational preference. limelight and the reading was performed by Mr. B. Barker. The same entertainment was also given Perhaps a personal reference might be permitted to him, he could hardly ge on further withint making it. He in the Newton Town Hall on Monday night, owed his present position to the fact that he happened POLICE CASES, to be pastor of the tree c lurch first of all formed in that At the Earlestown Police Station on Saturday now pastorate w aysetroy extended popular place, and it so happened also that his over a greater number of ye ire morning before Mr. J. W. Emmett, Annie Taylor was committed to gaol for 7 days for being drunk than that of any of his brethren in the ministry. and disorderly at Earlestown. P.C. Benson supper- These were all accidents of their course, but it was thought well that some anon nt should be taken of them ted the charge.—At the Town Hall, Newton, on and having thanked their representatives very sincerely Monday before Mr. T. J. Gilespie, John Boyle of no for the honour they had done him, he now desired to fixed abode for being drunk and disorderly was sent thank them all for their endorsement of that election. to gaol for 7 days, on the information of P.C. Gas- He would draw attention to their name " The Evangeli- coyne. Daniel O'Connell of ne fixed abode was also cal Free Churches of Newton-in-Mtkerfield." That name committed to gaol for a like period for a similar was deliberately chosen and they meant to stand by it in offence, on the informatim of P.C. Brindle. James its entirety. (flear,heer.) They were all Nonconformists. Inglee of no fixed abode was charged with begging Some had adopted the word, others entirely repudiated it but in any ores it was only a negative term, and in Eeriest) wa and was discharged on promising to negative terms did not yield a very lifelike pattern leave the town. P.C. Wooff proved the case. Pat- rick Kelly of Newton was fined 2i 61 and costs for either of men or churches. 'filer were Nenconfermiste, but they were something vastly more than that, and in being drunk and disorderly. R.C.Robson supported what they were they found their strength, tieir peace, the case. their joy, their fellowship from whose polity they must differ. (Applause.) They al owe 1 one spirit, one faith, one baptism, one Gui, who was over all, through all, and in all. That was tie Gospel of which all of them preached and taught. Teir ideal of the Church of the living God, not only en- abled them, bet as they would bear him out, it com- pelled them to recognise as true soldiers of the Lord Jesus Christ, many of those from whose ecclesiastical polity they must decidedly dissent, and this they would centinue to do, whatever they might think and say about the Free (Jewell-5. They could bear it patiently, strong in the strength of their convictions and though the high church be ignorant of them and the low church • aeknowle lee them not. (Applause.) Tilers was much work to b done in the defence of the Gospel; how much more was there to be done in ehe furtherance of the Gospel in fields that lay widely apart. The Central Ha'l Mission inaugurated by their eirs'eean friends were the indications of an awakening life, and an increased. sense of persoial and denominatiocal responsibility. It seemed to him they were being welded together by the impressive facts about them. The meeting in the Cty Temple on the let December impressed Hugh Price Hugh's in such an assembly teat Europe had not seen for over 300 years. That assembly was representative of more than 800 free church members, members who were such be a personal avowal of their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, was representative of more than 3,000,000 Sunday school cnildren, more than half the co'nmuutti of Eleland and Wales, representative of more than 7,000,000 of the entire population a this country. (Applause.) ! Mr. T. Worthington J.P., Paid he felt just now his diffieultirs were increasing, lesciuse it wig an exceed- inely difficult matter to follow ORE 3 who had been so loyal and hod had such a rich experience of Free Churchism as their chairmen had. He was not there as a Noncon- formist, as that was a negative quantity. Nor did he come there as a Dissenter. That meant he might be fall- ing out with everybody and anybody who turned up. He was a high churchman. Not simply a churchman, but a high churchmen. His cemplei at against church- men was that they were too low, they stood net near enough to the New Testament ideal of churchminship. He did not want to go back to historical things, but to the New Testament. Churchman meant something. It meant that they must be associated with somebody. A man could he a Nonconformist, alai be associated with nobody. If they wanted to be free churchmen and free chirchwemen, they would have to associate with some- body. Their Council wee cialal, like all the othe-e, an Evangelical Free Church Council, in centradistincti en to some other churches which were neither evangelical nor free. He was glad of this movement. It was not dur- ing every lifetime that a movement was started, and this movement bad been born at a very important times Hitherto they had been making their voices hear I seper- ately, but now they were going to do it collectively, and they coull stand shoulder to sheulder,one mighty army. Now, instead of quarreling with one another, or dis• puting one with another, they had come together and !there was going to be a tremenileus and I unanimous quarrel with the devil. (erip(a.use.) This was a spiritual movement. They were going to, aim at converting men and women from the error of their ways. The best way to cure salerietalism was to get a mars converted. Ha should be very sorry for the free churches to run to the other extreme and become bigots. He found there were free churchmen who were smitten with sacerdotal Id al who would drive men oat of public lies because of the religi- ous opinions they held. Speaking ot the spread of the movement he said they had 800 Councils f errand all over the c euntry in 5 years embodying all the de iominations. There were more people provided for in their free churches than in the ehurches which called themselves natienal, ant iesteadof being in a large minority in this country they stood to-clay practically a maj erity in the country. (Applause.) Tee R 37. R. Veitch, of Livetplee said they were permadei that the meverneet was a movement which had come in lh s order of Providence to fulfil a great and divine mission in the history of this country. It was a most wonderful inevemeat if it were regarded simply from the standpoint of the rapidity with which it had laid hold of the heart of the country. This movement had made its mark as an evangelising mover-neat of great power. They had been d dog their part to reach the uareached part of the messee in the name of the Lord Plias Christ. :here Was a grand unity amongst them, a unity that did not exist amongst those who were ce rt n 'Ally pro iesieg ah out their one church and about their unif emitg of u i se. Tee free church unity was deeper and more spiritu a'. The Rey. P. R. Paaeinore meve.i " That tale meetine of free cherchmen rej ices le the forna33i in of tie Newtoe-in•Mikerfleld Couneil of Evangelical Free Churches and plescigee it hearty support to a free church movement the ebj sets of which are to facilitate fraternal ieterc curse aid co-operation among the evangelical free churches, H encourage the devotional fellowship and mutual coons .1 claceimine spiritual love and religiose ae'ivities of the ehurches,to advocate the new testament doctrine of the church, and to defend the rights O the asalciafel churches, to proinete the application of the law of Christ in eveer relation of human lif e." The Rev. F. E. Miller seconded aa 1 it was unani• reously adopted. Votes of teanks to the speakers and the Chairman c'oeed the prodedines.

PRESENTATION AT NEWTON.

On Saturday evening there was a good number of the members and friends of the Makerfield Harriers at the White Lion Hotel, Newton, on the occasion of a presentation to Mr. James Williamson, late secre- tary of the Harriers' club, and formerly police Con- stable at Newton, who has been transferred to Dean near Bolton. A substantial knife and fork tea was first partaken of and at the subsequent proceedings, Councillor John Simpson in making the presents-' tion referred t 3 Mr. Williamson's indefatigable exertions on behalf of the club, and added that their recognition of them that evening had been limited to the members of the club. He had great pleasure in asking their late Secretary's acceptance of a very handsome black marble timepiece, which be hoped would serve as a memento of the time he had spent amongst them. In reply. Mr, Wdliam• son said he had hoaestly done his best since the for- mation of the club to further its interests. He urged the members to continue to make the club a successful athletic organisation in the district. He was pleased to meet so many of his ol 1 friends in the club, as well as those outside the ranks of the harriers present. In conclusion he assured them that he would treasure the gift and would always coaple it in his thoughts with the time he had spent in connection with the harriers and in the Newton district. Various toasts, including the "President," " The Makerfield Harriers," " The Visitors," " The Press," " Host and Hostess," were proposed and duly honoured.

CADBURY'S COCOA hss a warld.svi.le reputation as a deli- cious, strengt%tening beversge, ad a valuable nutritive fold The "LanePt" says it represents " the standard of higher, purity.; Always insist on having CADBURY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—as other Cowls are often substituted for the sake of extra profit —Ada! (2. •

HILES YIUR PRET or by we-muyg Tne " BOOTS. 83, BrAdßeetreet. Warrington—Advt. SCALES AND SONS make a police uniform boot. It is perfection. 83, Brlige-street, Warrlngton.—A4Vt. GRAND SIIOW 01' LADIES' DRSI SAOES at SCALES AND SONS, 83. Bridge-street, Warringtoa.—AdYt. Boys' and Girl's SCHOOL/ 800 unegnalled at SCALES Atm BONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.— Advt. FAMOUS WINTER BOoTS at SOURS AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. DURING CHRISTMAS: Your money's worth at SOALBS AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warriugton.—Advt. Oil Stoves, Coke Stores, Brass Fenders. Largest .electlon.--d. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge. street. Warrington. ASIA or CUNNINGHAM'ILIIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATHRS.—oldtit FOR %VICAR. Late,t Novelties in Silks, Alpacas. Nun's Veiling, Fans, Gleves,and Feather Boas. W.T. JAMUL:Ks SAnkev-strnet.lP3H.l-strlet,W4rringAon.

.-.„ CA.THARTICUNI PILLS, dige;tive, co-rree-: tire, and agreeably aperient, Sid., nit —Of all Chemists. —Advt. _ _ _

1,-iii;.liii.e.o3POUND " for Coughs and Colds Asthma, and BronehLtis, Of Chemists only,—Advt.

thornjons could do nothing but drink beer. He did not thinethe proposed hotel would benefit him at all ; it was the neighbourhood he was thinking about. (Laugh. ter.) Mr. Segar : D) you like Bolton's beer ?—Witn ess ? No I don't. (Laughter.) Mr. Segar : 'fa ii I should think your opinion is not worth very much. (Renewmd laughter.) Have you come here on your own ac count ?—Witnese: ID does not m it- ter t M 9 WM) gets the license. Eimu id Curtis Cooper, Laugham-place, Manchester. road, said he was the owner of dwelling-house property and ground rents in Orford-lane, in close proximity to Orford Lodge. His opinion was if there was a licensed house there, especially with a bowling green.it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood. It would be popular with the people on account of the green. He consid ere I there was a requirement for the house.—By Mr. Elor- ridge : He was a retired pubic in, and was the owner of ground rents and property. He did not know whether there were plenty of beer-houees near to Orford Lodge. There was a beer-house just opposite. He was not in the habit of frequenting public-houses. —By Mr. Roberts : You have not made it quite clear what the great boon to the neighbourhood would hi?— Witness : I mean geaerally Roberts : I gather from your remarks that this hous3 should be opened simply on account of the No', that it will furnish a bowl- ing green and gardens P—Witness : Also for refresh- inents.—Don't you think the needs of the neighbourhood are amply supplied P—No.—You know that a similar application was made ab )ut 15 mouths ago ?—I might nave read of it.—Can you so ,ak with regard to the wants of the neighbourhood P—l believe it requires a good licensed house.—On what acc mot P—On account of the new property.—Don't you think the grant of several new licenses has made up for that ? Mr. Monks r nnarkod that tie was not aware any new license had been granted.

Mr. Flops No m chat neighbgurhold. I unier- stand a license was enlarges from a beerhouse to a full license.

Phillip Robinson, news-agent, 72, Orford-lane, said he was a teetot iller. H live I CIOS3 t ) Orford L)dge. He was (IF opinion Mat ths lic3neg would be an improve; meat ta the neighbodrhoxi. a 3 was a b)wier, and would have no objection to going to licensed premises to bowl.—By Mr. Harrid-ge : Tice place would cause less drinking. Toe men wo lid be oa-sii9 on the green, and would drink less. He did not toink the long buil would decrease drunkenness.

Thomas Lawton, file cotter, 103, Orford-lane, said he lived nearly opposite the 110153. The proposed premises would be of groat benefit to the neighbourimod. In his opinion, if tie license were granted it would not lead to additional drinking.—By Mr. Horrilge : 113 was a bowler, and at the present time bowlei a Paizate Stocks and Fe arnhead, two miles away. The int orme- diate greens wero s obscription greens, with the excep- tion of the Horse and Jockey, and that used to be. Ile had not played there since it had been made free. He generally took his glass of beer at home. Sometimes he went to the Golden Ball, and to get there had to pass the Hawthorn. the Woeat Sheaf, the Shakespeare, and the Soldier's Rotura.—By Mr. Seger : They di i not always drink afrer bowling. If he wanted a glass he had it.—By Mr. Roberts: The bowling season lasted seven months of the year. The attractions of the pro- posed house would only be for that period of the year. Asked if the needs of the neighbourhood would be am oly met during the other months, he said he went anywhere in the winter time. Toe people he had spoken to had favoured the idea of apicense there. He could not speak for the 1,300 electors in the ward. He had not asked any of the wives of workingmen what they thought about it. He was speaking on behalf of the few he had met. Mr. Hope said he had two petitions, signal by over 300 persons whose signatures had been witnessed,amoag whom were propbrty owners and tenaats, and he wished to know whether it was the custom of the Beach to receive such.

Alderman Robert 3 (tn the magi3trates' clerk) : What ha 3 bem the rule here ?

The Ma,;istrates' Clerk ; You don't as a rule admit them. Aldorman Roberts : Then stick to the rule. _ . _ .

The Magistrates' Clerk : You htve rsfussi petitions before.

Mr. Hope sail the practice did in v trious places, an he merely desire to know Vie custom there. Tie petitions wens not re;eived.

Mat-hew Georg; Tsylor, arbftct and surveyor,Liver• p0)1, submitt id the plan'. He described the accomino- datian, and said there would be specs for a billiard roem There were 1,314 square yards of land for the bawling green and gardens. The premises were fit and proper for a lie insed liou3B.—By teir. Harridge: The plans had net been altered since 1897, whoa the previaus applica- tion was male.

Tee Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) was then called upon to give evidence. In reply to a goestion he said the Corporation were under a contract tor the sale of this land (Feathers Hotel) to Messrs. Taft, and they wore bind to p ill down the present property ferth- with. When ttO property was taken down it removed the license.

Councillor P,ernoiat said he kaew nothing about the birgain. Could they tell him exactly what the C irpora- tion would get ? Ha did not know what it was. Alderman Sutton : You ought to know. Mr. Hope said the licence of the Feathers Hotel was to be given to Messrs. Walker in exchange for land in Quein-street and a strip of land in frn of the Lion Hotel in Bridge-street. Cluncillor Pierpoint : That is all they are giving ? Mr. Hope : Yes. Mr. Monks : 01 the last occ salon Messrs. Walker mode an application, they propls.d t 3 give up the land mentioned fiar street improvements and also the licences of the Goldin Grove, the Crown Inn, and two off- licerises.

Mr. Hirridge asked the Town Clerk to give him Vie figures of th s voting in the Ciuncil on the matt-r. The Town Clerk said he did not recollect the exact fi;ures. but the majority was one. Mr. Hope said with referesee to the offer of two licences when the applicatiin was last m ado, that sig• gestion WAS made by Mr. Browne, and under some mis- apprehension. Mr. Browne said Mr. Hope p!acel him in a rather awkward position. Mr. flordige (interrupting) said hi did nit think Mr. Browne should answer the observation of his friend. The offar was made in open curt, and it did not matter woe:her it was made tr:d sr a misapprehension or not. Mr. Minks : These was no misapprehension on the part of the Bench. Mr. Ssgar asked the Tiwn Clerk if the land was to be given whether the licons3 was granted or not. The Tiwn Clerk said that if the license was not granted the bargain fell through. Mr. Segar They are only to give the land if they pet the license? The Town Clerk : Yes.

ifier-rni-11-1-0-b;-rt; : -Might I a.* whether Messrs. Walker's propose to give up the beerhouse opposite the Fire Eogine Station ? Toe Town Clerk : It is no portion of the bargain. Alderman Roberts : Wa simply get two strips of land. Well, it is a I,7rAchPd offer. Mr. Monks : As I understand it there is no offer made to the Bench this morning beyond that of trans- ferring tho lic Ilse of the Feathers in Bridge-street to Orbrn.lod re, occupied by the late Mr. John Rylands,;:nd the offer of two strips of land ? Mr. Flo : Nothing beyond that. Mr. E England, who stood at the back of the court, was proce,ding to make some :observations when he was interrupted by the Magistrates' Clerk. Ald,rman RoO.:r7si Rae no: a ratepayer the right to addrms the court ? Th. 3 Magistrates' Clerk No, sir. _ . .

_ Aldermal Roberts: Why not ? The Mi-gistrates' Clerk : He is not a solicitor.

Alderman Robers : A rat la iyer 1113 a perfect right to address the court. Mr. Elorridqe : There i 3 no doabt about it,.

Tae M igis'a-:atn' Clerk : It hia ti discre.ioa of the Bench.

Alderman R Marts : Lb Ilan a right as a ratepayer. You triPd to suppress him. Mr. E 'gland cams forward, and said that the circum- stances of the applicatioa were extraordinary. Only one reason was given for the granting of the license,and that was the bawling grePa. Tie Bench woull know that the Corplration bad a re.:reatioli ground in the district. _

Tae M tyor Are you a ratepayer ia VVarringtol ? Mr. E igland : I am. lam a prverty ownar in the district,

The M tgistrates' Clerk suggested that he should make remarks after the legal gentlemen hal iinishd. AI lernaan Sutton : Dm% let U 3 have this irregular proceeding. Aldermgn R.-thefts : I simply stlod up for his rights.

The MLyor : E very man .in the Court might s?e

Alderman li)berts Cart tinly. • Ths M Lyor : When shall we finish then ? Alderman Fairclough : I think it is out of °ran'. Mn. Horridge supported the Clerk's suzgestion. Mr. S gar: He (Mr. EL,gland) is going to take all our good points. (Laughter.) Mr. Horridge (to Mr. England) : Perhaps you will allow me to speak.

- Mr. England said he was in the hands of the Bench, and was willing to retire. Mr. Horridge then addressed the court. He remarked at the outset that the application was not provided for in the section under which it was made. The section was to the effict that where a tenant had his livelihood taken away f corn him by having the license taken for public improvements the Bench might give him another place in which to carry on his business, provided the re- quirements of the neighbourhood neceisitated it. There had never been a greater straining of the section than on the present o-..casion. It was admitted that the man in whose name the applicAtion was made did not own the license. The Corporation were the owners of this license, and the Corporation came there that day and asked the Bench to URI their powers in order that thy might acquire land. He submitted it was most improper to grant a man a license in order that a firm of brewers (Messrs. Walker and Sons) should give land to the Cor- poration. If that license were not granted the land would not bo given to the Corporation. To use licenses

for that purpose was not a proper thing for the magis- trates to do. A difficulty existed in Warrington which existed in other towas. Toe centre of tine town was congested with licenses,aud the policy had been adopted of transferring tnern to outside districts. He would ask them therefore whether they were going to anticipate that state of things for tlieir successors. Were they going to crowd Orford-lane so that their successors would in their turn have to repeat the present policy there ? He asked thorn to say no. This application was before them in 1897. At th it time Messrs. Greenall also made an application and offered to surrender more houses than did Messrs Walker. The Bench sanctioned a license for the house whose license he now represented which was 120 yards away from the spot where it was proposed to have this new license. Messrs. Walker to- day ma le no offer out Ade their gift to the Corporation. Toe owner of the license did not come bef ire them. If he were an applicant, in f ict, and applied for the trans- fer, it would b; somewhat different. But it was the Corporation who came before them, and it was their matter upon which they had to adjudicate. It was not a case within the Act. It was an attempt to mike use of the Bench for a most improper thing, and was asking them to create fir their successors a difficulty they had been obliged to deal with in the past. Mr. Hor:idge proceeded to refer to the ' wittasses which had been called, and said the trates could not leave out of their minds the respon- sibility of planting the "Long pull " side by side with the other licensed houses. It was a house, if the applica- tion were granted, which would be tied for every single thing to M339/.3. Walker's. In conclusion he submittal that it was an application which the magistrates ought not to entertain.

Mr. Segar fully endorsed what had been said by Mr. Horridge with regard to the Act of Parliament. Such an application as that was nem contemplated by the Legislature. In fact at the time the Act wai passed there were not " tied houses as we understood it to- day, and it could not therefore have been intended to meet such an application as the present. Mr. Wi son, had he thought fit, could have put the section into force. The Act was intended as much for the benefit of the public as for the person who made the application. The magistrates had etactly the same discretion as in the case of a new application. He pointed out that in 1897 Messrs. Walker offered to give up a fully licensed hmse, two off-licences, and a beerhouse if their application was granted. To-day they came empty-handed. lie con- tended that the thcision of the Bench on the last occa- sion was a right one, and he hoped it would be repeated that day._

_ Mr. F. R. Roberts sail he had the pleasure of oppos- ing tha application of Messrs. Walker fifteen months ago, and the Licensing Committee then ratuold the ap- plication. What was there to differentiate the applica• don from that of 1897 ? Messrs. Walker were offering to the residents of the district—what ? A free break- f fist table, or a reduction in rents ? Nothing of the sort. They were offering a bowlinggreen. H 9 supposed bowl- ing was a healthy exercis3 and deserved to be enc our- aged. Messrs. Walker ha Lhowever,simply agreed te put a bowling-:treen there to make the house more attrac- tive, thereby increasing their enormous revenue, Tan Bench were asked to imperil the moral interests of the neighbourhoed for the sake of a bowling green ! There was no evidence before the Bench that in the district where it was proposed to plant this licease there was any burning enthusiasm on the q motion of bowfin g greens. The Corporation had been very much en evidence that morning. lie was a member of the C )r- -poration, and he was much interested and concerned in the honour of the Corporation. The Corporation had gat a piece et land within a few yards of this very site. They had secured that land for the purposes of a recreation ground. What was there to prevent the Corporation from converting that recreation ground int a b wling green for the inhabitants of ties district without any of the detractions which would be attached to these promises ? The Corporation could easily supply a bowling green without having any licenee attached. The sale of beer at the Feathers Hotel Was admittedly very small, and yet th 3 Bench were ask xi to transfer the license of this almost moribund hotel to a new neigh- bourhood where it would attract more business. The exchange was one which it was almost an impertinence to make in that court. Frequent mention had !Joel made that morning of three very powerful cerparations —Messrs. Walker and Sons. Messrs. Greenall, Wintley and Company, and the Corporation of Warrington. But the interests of these three powerful bodies ware not the only interests the magistrates had to take into, account. He had enjoyed himself enormously that morning in watching Messrs. Walkers and Ms ore. Greenalls tilting at each ocher as they had done. But he was interested on behalf of the people in the neiem• bon:hood, an 1 he would reiterate the argument o his learned friend that their successors might be called upon to undo the very knot which the Bench were about to tie it theygrantel the application. What evidence was there that the people of the neighbourhood wante I another license ? Was there one jot or one tittle of evidence that the residents re- quired it. Tie would ask the ma eistrates not , merely to take into consideration the interests of Pii:93l'S. Walker, but the interests of the wives, of the wid owe, of the children and of the orphans in that district. Were the magistrates preeired for so slight an offer Co cost , amongst these people smother apple of discord ? He ' confidently asked them to refuse the applic tam. Mr. England again stepped forward, and submitted that the t srms Messrs. Walker and Co. had off ared were anything but adequate. His idea was that there would he a loss to the town of Warrington of a sum of at least £3,000. Aid ITM in Fairclough : I isay this is out of or ler. The Magistrates Clerk : Any one can speak now: Alderman Fairclough ; Then let him give ovidenee, and.not_make a speech.

The Mlyor : de on, bit make your speeth as short as you can. 'Mr. England, continuing, remarked that the license had cost no less a sum tlian £5,000. £1,600 was pill for it, and there would be extra costs, so that he was within the mirk when he sail £5,000. The off sr Messrs. Walker hat made would not amount in value to £l,OOO. Therefore, on the .fac 3 of it, there was a clear loss of £4,000. The Corporation would not lose the license if the application were refused, lona Ise it would still, he took it, remain in their hands, and there was nothing to prevent them erecting a house near where the p"esent one was. It had already been decided that a license was necessary for the neighbourhood; otherwise it would not have been granted. A new licensed house was not at all I wante I in Orford-lane. He would, however, like to see a bowling green there. There was a large open space there, and if Messn. Walker and Son wis bed to pose as philanthropists there was no reason why they should not provide a bowling green. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) And the town would rejoice. It was quite within the province of the Corporation to provide a bewling green. Mr. Monks : We understand all this. The Mayor (to Mr. England) : You are not te!liag us what we don't know,

Mr. England : Ars a ratepayer I must protest. This brought the hearing of the application to a con- clusion,and the question arose whether the Court should be cleared or not while th 3 magistrates considered their decisioa. Ic was found that there was no place in the building sufficiently large to which the Beach could re- tire. Mr. Platt : There is no case. I think we can decide the matter without leaving the Bench. There is absolu- tely not a jot of a case. Alderman Suttoa : I think it bad taste to publicly state your opinion. _ _ _

Mr. Platt : I don't think so. I telieve in acting in the light of the day. The Mayor: Gentlemen, I must ask you to leave the Curt.

The Our was ten cleared,ani when the public were rs-admitted, in about ten in,nutes, Toe Mayor said : The decision of the majority of the Hein"' is that the transfer of the licence of the Feathers Hotel to the house known as Orford 1.,-)dge be refused.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A Sr. HELENS " ACTRESS" IN TROUBLE.

At Glasgow Sieriff Criminal Court, Ja3sie N Acing barn. a well-drersad young woman—who, it was stated, vire. a native of St. Helens, Lancashire—pleadA guilty to having, by representing to a woman residing in Crown- street, 0 asgow, that she was employed in the Royal Princeis Theatre as an actress, obtaNed board aril lodging to the amount of 304.; of sealing a watch- chain and opera glasses from the same house ; and also of obtaining boots and other articns by fraod from other shops in Crowa-strelt and Castle-itreet. It wis stated that if she got the b merit of teo First Off inder 3' Act, aczused would ba se,t to friends in BAtast, an I his loriship gave her the benefit of the Ac`...

===== 0002601_18981209_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VISIT OF Mlt. FIENRY BROID- HURST, ALP., TO WA ttitINTOTON.

As most of our readers are by this time aware, Mr. Henry Broadhurst, will address a meeting of Liberais in the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Wed- nesday evening next. Some considerable time has elapsed since Mr. Broadhurst last addressed a meet- ing in Warrington, but there are many peop,e who still remember with pleasure his last visit. At the meeting on Wednesday evening, the leading Llberals in the town and district wih he present. Councillor John Crosfi-13, J.P., will preside, and will take the chair at 7,45 p.m. The doors will be open at 7 o'clock. Mr. Breadherst is a thoroueh workingman's representative in Parliament, he having himself risen from the ranks. He is the son of a journeyman sonemason. and was born at , Littlemore, near Oxford, in 1840. Me received some little education at a village school there. He worked as a joerneyman stonemason up to the year 1872, when he became.secretary of the Labour Reprelentation Lsaus. In 1875 he was appointed Secretary of the' Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Dolan Congress. During the agitation on the Eastern question he took a leading part in the organization of meetings, &c, in support of Mr. 01 idstone's policy. He was elected member of Parliament for 'Stoke-on-Trent in 1880, and did some very useful work as a member of the Royal Commission, on the housing of the working-classes in 1881-5. At the general election of 1885 he we returned for the B ordestay division of Birmingham. In February, 1886, he was appointed Under- Secretary of State for the Home Department in Mr. Oladstone'e ministry. At the general election of 1886, h 3 successfully stood for West Nottingham, but was not re-elected in 1892. He took a leading pln in the passing of the Employers' Liability Act, 1830, and many other measures affecting the industrial classes. He is the author of the Laaeehald Enfranchisement Bill, and during the sessions of 1881-5 he had charge of the Deceased's Wife's Sister Bill. He has always been a prominent advocate or 011 Age Pansions,and will no doubt have somethine to say on that subject on Wednesday evening. After his defeat at West Not- tingham in 1892, Mr. Broadhurst did nat re-enter Parliament until 1891 when he was electel a mem- ber for Leicester on the double vacancy caused by the retirement of Sir T. Whitehead and Mr. T. A. Pickton. He has continued to be one of the mem- bers tor Leicester since that time.

PAILISH CHIJRCEI DAY zicaotms _GRANTS..

The following grants have lately been received for various Churn,' Day Schools in Warrington. Paro;-;hial Schools Cnurch-street, (Boys Depart- ment, ; Grant on average attendance of 570 boys, at 234 3d. per head, £634 24 6 I.; pupil teachers .210, total £641 23 61. Ellesmere-street, (Infants De- partment) : Grant on average attendance of 339 infants at 17s per head, £2BB 3s ; pupil teachers £4, total £289 3s. Fairfield Bchool3, (Higher Grade Girls' Department) : Grant on average attendance of 156 girls at 23s 33 per head £lBl 7s. Special subjects .£6 2s. Cooking .£l5 Bs. Pupil Teachers £4, total £206 17s. (Girls DepartmAnt) ; Grant on average attendance 01 335 girls at 21s 6cl per head £331 25., cookery .225 164, pupil teachers £6,1 total £362 18s. (Infants Department): Grant on average attendance of 209 infants at 17s per bead £177 13s, pupil teachers £2, total .£l7O 13s. Smith - street School; Grant on average attendance of 196 girls at 208 per bead, .£193. St. George's: Grant on average attendance of 206 infants, at 15s per bead, £154 10s. •

===== 0002601_18981209_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT LICENSING APPLICATION AT WARRINGTON. MESSRS. PErER WA.LKER AND SON AND THE FEATHERS HOTEL.

THE TRANSFZit TO ORFORD LODGF.; REFU3ED. At the special sessions for transferring alehouse and other licenses, bell at the Borough Police Court, Warrington, on Monday, an application was made in the name of Arthur Starkey by Messrs. Pater Walker arid Son, brewers, for the tran4er of the license of the Feathers Hotel, Bridge-street, to Orford Lo Ige. Toe Court-room wee crowded, and amongst the general public present were the Rees E. T. Reed, G. Harbottle, H. G. Roberts, Mr. Wil- liam Roberts, Mr. E. Eagland, Mr. Jam 3c, Mr. Clarke, Aldermen Bolton, and many persons inter- ested in the licensing basiness. The magistrates present were the Mayor, Alderman Wright (who presided), Alderman James Fairclough (deputy- mayor). Harrison, Sutton, Francomb, Roberts and Blackhurst, Councillor3 Smethurst, Pierpoint, and Shaw Green, Colonel Ridgway, Dr. Gornall an I Messrs. John Platt, F. Monks, John Geddes, T. Bir- chill, J. W. Hayward and S. Wright. Mr.Colling- wool Hope arid Mr. Thomas Swift, barristers (instructed by Messrs. Jenkins and Co.), appeared for the applicants Mr. Horridge, Q.O , instructed by Mr. Arthur Brown) appeared to object on behalf of the licensee of the Hawthorn Hotel, owned by , Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Co. ; and Mr. Seger (instructed by Mr. Longland) for Alderman B olton the owner of property in the neighbourhood, and a beerhouse ; and Mr. F. R. Roberts for a number of householders who objected to the application. Mr. Roberts did not on this occasion represent the Temperance Federation. Mr. Collingwood Elope sail he appeared with Mr. Swift in support of tine application of Arthur St irkey,in respect of premises which were c tiled Orford Lodge,and which belonged to Messrs. Peter Walker and Son. Starkey had been for some time h elder of the license of the Faather3 Hotel, and it was in respect to the appli- cation—what would be really a transfer of the license to tho premises in Orford-lane—that he was presses that day. It was in the knowledge of the Bence that certain negotiations had taken place between the Corporation on the one hand and Mesa's. Walker on the other hand, and that it had been part of the p Amy of the Corpora- tion for a considerabie tim3 to widen and improve the thorraghfares of the town • and, as the Bench knew much more fully than he did, powers had been obtained for that purpo.se. In pursuance of those powers negotia- tions bad been entered into between the Corporation and Messrs. Walker. As a result of the negotiations which had been completed, and which hid received the sanc- tion of che Council, terms had been arranged, subj,ct to the sanction of the Banc's, whereby the Corporation pro- posed to give the license of the Feathers Hotel to Messrs. Walker and S en, and in exchange to receive what would be an incalculable benefit to the C nporation—land in Q lem-ltrest opposite the Fire Staten and the houses upon it, and a strip of land ia front of the Lion Hotel in Bridge- itreet. Teat was the arrangement teat had been ma le subject to the sanction of ths Bench. Mr. MONKS : What is tll3 area pr vesed t be given up ? Mr. Hops: That you will hear later. C rationing, Mr. Hope said that there were one or two points which the Bi.nch would allow him to discuss. The Feathers Hotel was in a district which was, not to exaggerate, fully supplied with licensed bouees—eleven within close proximity of the Feathers—and if the Bench sanctioned the application the license would be removed to a dis- trict which was not even a lequately supplied with licensed houses, and in which the popalation was rapidly increasing. In Warrington, on a Saturday night, the streets were hardly passable owing to the crowds which Came to a certain extent to v sit tue refreshment house; and if the present application were granted the streets would be relieved and be less congested in consequence. , Further the new house would have a bowl,ng green, and although there were other greens in Warrington, there was not one within two miles which was free. S ire,y ire the 19th century, when one heard so much about the betterment of the. working class ss, it was not u nimp or- tact to consider the provision et such a house as the one proposed arid reasenableirefrese.ment and recreation. Mr. Hops proceeded to give statistics showing that within a quarter of a mile radius from Orford Lodge, the popu- lation had increased by 2000 during the past three years. Arthur Stark I, said he WAS the HCIEI99O of the Feathers note', and had bee since twelve in Rath; last August. The property had been acquired by the Corporation for street improvement purposes, and it was about to be pulled down. Theeheds had been taken down already and the house would be taken down also. The conga- queues was that he would have to leave the house, and he had entered into negotiations with Messrs. Walker for another place. Ho could follow some other emeloyment. but he should prefer to go on with the same business again. Ha had arranged with them for a lease of the premises km en as Ortord Lodge, in Orford-lane, as shown in the agre3ment now produced. He had agreed to take the house for three years—the first year at a rent of £93, Second year £lOO, and third year £l5O by equal belt-yearly nayments. Mr. Moaks : he b 3 at liberty to brew his own beer ?

Mr. Swift (look ing at the agreement) I don't 563 any tie about beer. Councillor Pierpoiet : We understand all about th it. Witness cross-examined log Mr. Horridge said he had had no transfer of the licence from the Corporation. He understood that the Corporation were now the owners of the property. If he wen: to Orford Lodge he should have his beer and spirits from Messrs. Walker and Son. Mr. Horridge, reading the a4reernent, said it was an agreement to take exclusively from and deal exclusively wito the landlords or their saccessors for ales, porters, wines, spirits and cordials. Mr. Monks; That is a tied house. _

. Mr. Horrid4e you know whether it is not the habit of Messrs. Walker to give what is known as the " locg, pull ?"—Witness : It is givsu in ocher places. Mr. Horridige I do not ask you t sat question. Answer mine. Is it not a fact that Messrs. Walker give the long pull P—Witness : I cannot answer that. I am not under them : but it I go there I suppose I snail give the long pull. Mr. ;Jodingwood Hope : For whom does Mr. Horridge appear ? Horridge : I appear for mile other per. 50(15 interested aid innabitants —for Mr. Blackhead, tae licensee of the Hawthorn Hotel. Mr. Seger: I appear for Mr. Bolton and his tenants. Mr. 'Bolton is the owner of property and a boathouse opposite the site of the house is question. In answer to Mr. Seger, Witio99lB said he had not given £3,000 for the licence. He had not promised any land to the ratepayers. (Laughter). tie would have to have the land first. (Rena seed laughter.)—You have not got any land P—Witness : No —ln answer to further questions by Mr. Segar, witness said he aid at know whether Messrs. Walker would give the strip of laid if they did not get the license. He aid not imo w t sat there were eight fully-license 1 houses within a radius of a quarter of a mils of Orford Lodge. fie was not known in cne n iighbourhoted, and person- ally he suoposed he would not be an attraction to the house. (Laughter.) He would be a bona-fide tenant, sod riot; a manager. He had never been a manager for Mee les. Walker. lie had always managed for him ;elf. 03 was once a seed rnerehs.nt. If he did not get the new license he did not think Messrs. Walker would give him another place, but he had not bean asked about that question. He paid EGO a year for the Feathers Hotel, but the house in Orford-lane would bp larger. It was about a mile fro n the Feathers. He did not expect to have the same custornere,but he thought he could get customers anywhere. Messrs. Walker ownea the Lion H AO in Bridge-street. It had vaults into Bridge-street. Toe firm had other vaults in Bridge-street, and the re- moval ot the Feathers would enable the customers of the Feathers to go there. They could go to any house they lik td, ha supposed. Tae Feathers Hotel was form• erly the property of Mr. Arthur Wilson. Witness was his monthly tenant, and he did not get any compensa- tion. He had never received notice to quit. Mr. Wilson got £4,600 for the house on arbitration. George Curry, 14, Cobden-street, gall he was em- ployed in th3telegraph department of the Cheshire Lines Railway, and the bowling green would be near his house. He knew tne district in question, and had known it for some time. He had lived in it 19 years, and in his opinion the license would be a convenience to the neigh- bourhood and a boon. He was not a bowler. The near- est open bowling green was a mile and a quarter or a mile and a half away. Thera were bowlingclubs ware, but to becom 3 members entailed expense.— By Mr. for- ridge: Be was not a great biwler. There was a bowling green at the Bull's H 'ad in Church-street, but that was half-a-mile away, The subscription was hal-a-guinea. The Horse and Jokey was a good half mile away. He could no; say whether Mr. Buckard gave the long pull. He might give something over, although he was not supposed to .do so.

Horridge If the house is openel do you know that you will get a gili as well as a pint P—Witness : I don't keow, but it would las a good thing for us if we Could ge', iZ, at that rate. (Laughter.) Mr. Horridge : Would you bowl better P—Witness : They can bowl better without it. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. Hope (ti Mr. &gar) : Have you anything to say? Mr. Se;ar : No, I think that is concluiive. (Renewed laughter). Mr. Hope ; If men have recreation in the open air they drink less than they would if they were shut up in in a publichouse Witness replied in the affirmative:l _ _

John Jane: shoemaker, Orford-lane, said he lived opposite the premises it was sousht to license. He wa not a bowler, but in hie opinion the license, if granted would be a distinct boon to Op neighbourhood,—By Mr. Horridge : He took a 0%99 occasionally at different' places. He c tiled at the Hawthorn occasionally. There would be recreation at the new hotel, while at the Haw-

===== 0002601_18981209_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RESOLUTION OF. THE FREE CHURCH-COUNCIL .

The following' resolution WAS handed- to our reporter by Mr. F. R. Roberts :—" That this Council represent- in e; the Fees Churchei of Warrington earneStly protests agairait the transfer of,the licence of the Feather 3 Hot el to a new house in Orfor,i-lane Oa the ground that the reasonable needs of the people in that neighbourhood are air iady fully met by exis.ing licences, and that to leer lase the facilities for drinking in that district is against the best interests of the people.—Signed on hehalf of the Council, Joirs Yoe, chairman ; GEOIaGE HARBOTTLE, secretory."

===== 0002601_18981209_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSE TRANSFERS,

The following tronsfors were granted without, opposi- tion :—off-license, 110, Liverpool-roid, from Thomas Gr !poopoll to Rob3rt John Ellis; Crow lan. Bri ig 1-3-,rnet fr an William Atkinson Evans to John Smith ; Vulcan beerliouse, Dallam-lane, from Henry Augu;tus Powell t ) E hilv P.jwell; I.eigh Arrn4, Mersey-stroec,frorn Jos-loh Henry James, deceased, to David Jamos Wootton.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
"LINSEED COMPOUND " (Trade Mark) for Cow& and Colds, of provea efficacy, 14d. Sold by Chemista only.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LATEST NEWS.

===== 0002601_18981209_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
, at The Examiner General Printing Works, —_—_— a) Warrington.— Printed and publishedby John WatacEa 't y: and published by them at the same pace and also at' 13 Examiner OfflieS. Victoria-rord, 0.71.DNE3 ; 43•,,G,,,,,°,,,T street, ST. HELENS, and 3 Market-street, the County of Lancaster and also at High-street. litmcalt in the County of Chester.—DECEXHER 9, 1898. govvy-5tr,e...9,e

===== 0002601_18981209_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
j

===== 0002601_18981209_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ON FRIDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 16PR, PRESENTATION OF "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SIIEET A LMANACK, for 1899, embellished with a picture representing THE NEW POLICE BUILDINGS FOR WARRINGTON, As per the accepted design by R. BURNS-DICK, Esq., Architect, Newcastle-on-Tyne. FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS Are published containing Full Information corrected to the latest 'date as to 'TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNOILS or WORSHIP MAGISTRATES FAIRS, CARRIERS, &a, POSTAL AND INLAND REVENUE INFORMATION FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Buttonwood Penketh Daresbury Prescot Barlestown Runcorn Frodsham St. Helens Graopenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrington Newton Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGES, 56 CoLumNs) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANACK ONE PENNY.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, THE PEOPLE'S PROVIDERS, 22, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHURCH OF THE SACRED HEART, LIVER- POOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON, THE ANNUAL BALL IN CONNECTION WITH THE ABOVE WILL BE HELD IN THE GYMNASIUM, PALMYRA-SQUARE, ON BOXING NIGHT, DECEMBER 26TE.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DIS- PENSARY. THE ANNUAL BALL WILL TAKE PLACE, IT THE LION HOTEL, WARRINGTON on 31sT JANUARY, 1899. E. G. DA.VIES, Hon. SEC. to Ball Committee.

pARR HALL, SATURDAY EVENING, DEC. 17TH. --- HANDEL'S GRAND ORATORIO 'T HE MESSIAH," BY THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY, ARTISTES: Madame LAURA HAWORTH, Soprano Miss JUANITA JONES, Contralto Mr. SAMUEL MASTERS, Tenor Mr. CHARLES PHILLIPS, Bass tit FULL CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA. CONDUCTOR: Mr. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. HON. ORGANIST: Mr. J. B. CALDWELL. POPULAR PRICES. Reserved seats, 25.: Second seats, ls.; Back seats, 6d. PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS opens to-day (Saturday), at Mr. R. H. Pearson's, Bold-st., at 10 RAD.

EA T MEETING OF LIBERALS. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14rir. AN ADDRESS WILL BE DELIVERED BY HENRY BROADHURST, ESQ., MX. (LATE UNDER 4ECRETARY FOR ROME AFFAIRS). The following gentlemen ere also expected to be present some of whom will take part in the meeting E.j. Guest, Esq., J.P. Aid. Henry Roberts, J.P. Z. Armitage, Esq., J.P. T. Birchall, Esq., J.P. Garnett, Esq., J.P. A. H. Crosfield, Esq. Itev. John Yonge Coon. W: Pierpoint, J.P., 0.0. Conn. J. Shaw Green. J.P. Councillor G. elumpton Councillor F. W. Monks Councillor J. Wilkinson Councillor D. Minion Councillor D. S. Duncan , Councillor L. Ellison Ci. F. R. Roberts, MA., LL.B. ...Councillor A. Peacock Councillor James Evans 4. W. Hayward, J.P. W Furness, Esq. Dr. J. DorZI Liston. Doors open at? o'clock. Chair to be taken at 7.45, by " JOHN CROSFIELD, ESQ., J.P. Admission to Front Seats and Gallery by tickets. Body of the Hall free. All Liberals cordially invited.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, (WESTERN), LTD., CHEMISTS, DRUGGISTS, STATIONERS, ETC.. ISLAND ISTREET, NOTTINGHAM. The TRANSFER BOOKS will be CLOSED from the 21st to the 31st December inclusive, for !Ile purpose of preparing warrants for the SEVENTH QUARTERLY DIVIDEND at the rate of Six per cent. per "Manna on the Preference Shares.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND IPROVISION DEALER,' LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

T. CLARKE, • EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTO WN. A GRAND ASSORTMENT OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS. Quite New Designs at the above address. Also a very CHOICE and WELL-SELECTED STOCK of PICTURE BOOKS AND FANCY GOODS Suitable for Presents; Games, Ac. STOCK F BOOKS BY VARIOUS AUTHORS.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD•HOLDER le an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing l'Pashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be Placed by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is "aerebv avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work 13 uaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTERMARBET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

S.P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY I! 1?0R SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. I BALED'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE ,REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price Is, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). • at the Reduced Price of 4d. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGICAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. _ 80 at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, &C.

------ ? ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. 1 400 PING COUGH . The celebrated effectual 1 1:100PING COUGH cure without internal medicines. - . .ROOPING COUGH ---- Of all Chemists price 1:IOC/PING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole ClO Wholesale Agents, IRRONCHITIS W. EDwAsos & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, ROup London. ii,°CRE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION'

(15Q TAM k.,/ QIIANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are' undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depats and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND AUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington : MIL . STAN WAY. 7. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK. Ironmongers.

E G PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE _LP DID-," "011, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-S MEE r. LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

RUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -RA) T. RC CrINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure or Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 0. Cirosvenor-street Lon don-road. Manchester.

PRESENTS FOR CHRISTMAS, WEDDINGS, AND BIRTHDAYS, ALSO COINS, MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. 1 On SALE, a Choice selection of Presents for CHRISTMAS WEDDINGS. and BIRTHDAYS, in SIL VER, SILVER- PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEW ELLERY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selection of RARE COINS, MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. ANTIQUES, CHINA,and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, "- RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate,

BALL SEASON. MR. R. ANDERTON'S BAND is open for Engage- ments for Balls, Parties &e, : any number ; latest nausie.—For terms apply 78, BUTTESMARKET-STREET, War- rington.

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS It TER LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSNADES RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM .59.6 D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

BARG AI N. £4OO worth Confectioner's GLASSES, latest shapes ; 5 Ovens, 40 Marble Tables, Fno Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAßDS, 108, -0 hapel, Liverpool. - -

AMERICAN Ice Cream FRE EZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Cilasses.—EDWA.RDe AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

T 0 all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROWIRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimates free.—EDWARDS AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

VIXTURES, (Second hand).—Shop or Office, Connters 1. Showcases, Shelving, Desks, Scales, Weights, Canisters Coffee Mills, Butchers' Blocks, Safes, Copper Urns. Par' tioning, Marble Slabs. Gasflttings, Oil Tanks, Confectioner'. Glasses. cheap.--SErrole's,9, St. Anne-street, near Islington! Liverpool.

J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTO N, • F OR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

CHARITY COMMISSION—ANCIENT PARISH of WARRINGTON (comprising the ancient Townships of Burton Wood, Poulton-with-Feanahead, Rixton-with. Glazebrook, Warrington, and Woolston-with-Martinscroft, and BO much of the ancient Parish of Grappenhall and the ancient Township of Latchford as is comprised in the new Township of Latchford. CHARITIES. Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894. and Charity Inquiries (Expenses) Act, 1892. By the direction of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales NOTION IS HEREBY GIVEN that Mr. Arthur Cardew, Barriater-at-Law, Assistant Commis- sioner will OPEN A PUBLIC INQUIRY respecting the Charities of the above named Townships at 10.30 o'clock in the forenoon of Tuesday the 13th December 1898, in the Council Chamber, Town Hall, Warrington. D. R. FEAR ON, Secretary. Charity Commission, Whitehall, London, S.W. 24th November, 1898.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. S.S. NUMIDIAN, for Portland Direct! Dee 15th se. PARISIAN, for Halifax and St. John, N.B. Dec 24th 9,9. COREAN, for St. John's, N.F., and Halifax, Dec 24th 9 s. MONGOLIAN for Portland Direct Jan sth s.s. CALIFORNIAN for Halitax and St. John. N.B ,Jan 7th S. CARTHAO INIAN for St. John's N.F., and Halifax Jan 7th Saloon Fares from £ll, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £b Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- et., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

WHITE STAR LINE J. LIVERPOOL RAIL STEAMERS. to NEW YORK via Queenstown, *TBUTONIC Vired.,Dee.I4.—BRITANNIC Wed., Dec. 211 Second Cabin will be Carried on tile voyage marxed thus. Third Class passage at low rates Including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to Ismax, Islam, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadentaill street. London WO..

SPECIAL SHOW ROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS NOW OPEN. INTENDING PURCHASERS are respectfully in- • vited to PAY US AN EARLY VISIT, so that they may select their requirements conveniently, assisted by our best attention. ARTHUR DAVIDSON (Len Lows AND LAITHWAITE), 61, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. B. SWEETAIAN'S HAIR LOTION, ahe Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK NAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGE-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

TEETII,-A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq., M.P., says in his testimon ed" They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and are credit to you.' H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S Buy YOUR GRCCERIES AT SAUSAGES POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S ARE UNEQUALLED OR QUALITY. AND SAVE MONEY.

UNSWORTHS' CARDIGAN JACKETS, GRAND VALUE. SPLENDID AtSORTMENT.' 7, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

X M A 8, 1 8 9 8. JAMES ATKINSON'S' SPECIAL XMAS BAZAAR NOW OPEN. DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, BOOKS, &0., TO PLEASE THE CHILDREN. LADIES' AND GENTS' DRESSING CASES, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES, FANCY ORNAMENTS, PHOTO, FRAMES AND ALL MANNER OF ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR XMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. XMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS IN ENDLESS VARIETY. NEWEST MATERIALS FOR EVENING WEIR, EVENING WRAPS, FANS, BLOUSES &c. &c., A LARGE DISPLAY OF NEW LACE CURTAINS, DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, D'OYLES, NAPKINS, TRAY CLOTHS, &c., &c. JAMES ATKINSON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HENRY M ELLING & CO., • LTD., BEG TO INTIMATE TO THEIR CUSTOMERS THAT THEY ARE NOW OFFERING CHRISTMAS SPECIALITIES IN GREAT VARIETY. A Large Selection of BONBON COSAQUES of unique designs. Crystalized and Glare APRICOTS, PINEAPPLE, GINGER, GREENGAGES, OREM, CHERRIES, FIGS, BROCHETTES, etc., etc. Finest CHOCOLATES in great variety, Carlsbad PLUMS, Rivas PLUMS. Mrs. Olive's MINCEMEAT and PLUM PUDDINGS. Finest pulled FIGS. Finest large FIGS. French PLUMS in llb., 211,., 41b., and 71b., bottles. Bottle Dessert Fruits, APRICOTS, PEACHES, MIRABELLES, etc. MUSCATEL RAISINS, ORANGES, GRAPES. APPLES, BANANAS, etc., of the finest quality, COB NUTS, WALNUTS, ALMOND NUTS, BRAZIL NUTS, CHESNUTS. Continual supplies of fresh CARES and BISCUITS frona the leading Manufacturers, also ,every other e article in connection $5 ith e. business. AN INSPECTION INVITED. HENRY MILLING & COMPANY, LIMITED, 5, HORSEMARKET-STREET, AND CORPORATION-STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 411. Telegrams" Milling," Warrington.

WALTHAM WATCHES THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS 1N THE WORLD. NONE SO ACCURATE, NONE SO DURABLE, NONE SO CHEAP, PRICES FROM 20s. TO SCHIER WATER & LLOYD SOLE RETAIL AGENTS FOR LIVERPOOL. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. 29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUCH WONDERFUL VALUE IN TAILORING. SUIT TO MEASURE 39/6. IN BLACK OR BLUE AND OVER 300 DIFFERENT PATTERNS. STYLE AND FIT UP-TO-DATE. SPECIALITIES IN OVERCOATS 20/- TO 25/. THE NEW PATENT RAIN PROOF (YET POROUS) PADDOCK COAT, FROM *- READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING- DEPOT. 8, 10, HORSE MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

JAMES BRAMWELL, FRUIT AND GAME SALESMAN, NEW MARKET .EIALL, WARRINGTON, Wishes tO inform his customers and the public that he will have a LARGE SHLIICTION of PRIME FAT GEESE, TURKEYS, RABBITS, GAME, &C. FOR CHRISTMAS WEEK, which will be sold at LOWEST MARKET PRICES. Drawing Clubs will do well to call at S. B's stall before purchasing.

W., H. AND C. LAWLESS'S ONIE-MADE MINCEMEAT Is •pinactous. LARGE JAR SMALL JAR 121 b. GLASS BOTTLE LEMON CHEESE 11b. Jar lod. Small Glass NOTE TILE ADDRESS 47, :- 47, BRIDGE-STREET, • 5, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS, BACON, AND CHEESE HAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

CHRISTMAS 1898• FlBl, POULTRY, AND GAME. s LOOK OUT FOR REARDON' BROS' GRAND DISPLAY OF GEESE AND TURKEYS, FISH, POULTRY, GA HE, &r. REARDON BKOS. STALLS NOS. 1,2, 9, iND 10. TOP AND BOTTOM OF FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS SHOW 1898. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW 0 F FANCY G-OODS AND USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOE CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. STERLING SILVER ARTICLES, ELECTRO PLATE, COPPER. BRASS AND BRONZE WARE, EXQUISITE CHINA ORNAMENTS Jan VASES, LEATHER WARE, MISCELLANEOUS FANCY ARTICLES, TOYS, GAMES, GIFT BOORS, AC. IN GREAT VARIETY. PANS, GLOVES. UMBRELLAS, &C. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SEPT POST FREE ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE & Co., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DUTTON AND COLTER, LATE DUTTON AND CO. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

USE POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S SAUSAGES.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22. H 5 Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FII,TX SHILLINGS. Au sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post frea.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. ANNUAL WINTER SALE ANNUAL WINTER SALE NOW PROCEEDING. BONUS DAYS TO-DAY AND DECEMBER 24TR. SPECIAL NOTICE: EACH MORNING DUR- ING THE SALE THE FIRST LETTER ORDER OPENED WILL BE SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE, AND CASH RETURNED TO CUSTOMER, WB close at 7-30 p.m. (Saturdays excepted) dur- ing the Winter Months. Wednesdays at 1 o'clock as usual. CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED, 82, 84, 86, AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

LONGWORTH'S FOR SWEET BAGS, 3. oz. 10d. 2 ozs. is. 4 ozs. is. 2d. per 1000. 5000 LOTS CARRIAGE PAID. CAP PAPER, from 61d. to Is. 3d. per ream. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOISIAS•STRERT, MANCHESTER.

RAIN RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD CRAVENETTE CLOAKS 00 TO LORD BROS' 1285 BRIDGE STREET, • WARRINGTON.

15s. A SET or TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COM PAN Y, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Opersitor and Manager Mr. W. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. AITENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY, 3 till 7-30, At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGH-BTREET, (Off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7, At MR., CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STRFET, Exactly opposite the Market.

LISTEN TO THIS! NOW'S YOUR CHANCE! TO INAUGURATE THE EXTENSIVE ALTERA TIONS ncaassiated by our Growing HAT TRADE, I have dc aided to present HATS FOR NOTHING, FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, TO DECEMBER 20TH. EVERY 100 val HAT CUSTOMER, who cames to pur- chase a Hat or Cap, before tLe above dee, whether his purchase be for a large or smsll amount, will reaelve Fs purchase free of cost. Ca MOUNFIELD. Ye olde Umbrella and Necktie Shoppe, OPPOSITE PARR'S BANK, WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. SPECIAL BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT, 2s. in the 'R. W. WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), WATCH AND CLOCK MAKERS, GOLD AND SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, SANKEY-STREET & CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON, Special Stock of NOVELTIES for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Evan, Description of SOLID SILVER snd ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS, suitable far Presentations and Wedding Presents. SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES, 425. each. Warranted and Guaranteed. SPECIAL-60s. EXTRA STRONG AND HEAVY SILVER LEVER WATCHES. WEDDING RINGS of Guinea Gold, from 7s. 6d. each upwards. SPECIAL BARGAIN—HALL-MARKED SILVER ALBERT, Over 1 pz., 65., Only. Grand Stock of Best OAK TIMEPIECES and QUARTER-CHIME CLOCKS, from 255, 2s. IN THE X DISCOUNT. Please call and inspect at W-• WOODS AND SON'S (ALFRED WOODS), SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. lOTA 13Lf SHED 1858.

GEDDE.S DANDELION COFFE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 6d., loct, find is. Bd. each.i Wholesale by J.: GEDDES , AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833

G-UINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Awn BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stopp.red Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, 0 WliN STREET.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE, ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,851L000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manobester Office: 64, Cross Street. AGENTS, .. - ... Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate .. Mr. W.H. 111OHEY,Nesecliffe. Victpria-rd..Latchford Nt, Helens ..................... Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardahaw-street linutaf ord. ....................*... . .... Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER tiandbach .....................Mr. ..... FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

THE BRAN CO* CY CIES YiNUFACTLUBD BY 10P1 J_Jr4 r'N DALE & CO MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH, PARADISE-STREET, LiVEB POOL.

Winter's Approach. since the annual scourge of Influenza first wrought havoc amongst us, the dread of winter's approach, with some persons, has reached an acute stage. Especially is this so with those who are liable to colds and chills, those who are habitually exposed to the inclemencies of the weather, and those whose general health is not robust. With many persons an acquaintance with Bovril has served to allay this dread of coming winter. The warmth-giving, strength-giving, stimulative properties of this highly-condensed food—which has been aptly described as "liquid. fire"—are of the greatest value to all, to the strong as well as to the weak—to the adult and to the child. jwc • : „7;,,- 4,4", ; • - - • ' 4.; c,, = ; • : ebN provides that natural warmth which only a true and really stimulative food can give, and so serves to ward off colds and chills, the ever- lurking danger of Influenza, and the attacks of disease ess easy to repulse when the body is not in good condition. In the months of fogs, mists, and chilly cold, Bovril is a veritable safe- guard, which none should be without. Bovril is prepared from the primest parts of the most richly pastured cattle in the world. It is the most perfect fc :n strengthening, nourishing, and easily digested food in the smallest possible bulk. Bovril is, in fact, the vital principle of prime Ox Beef. Bovril is Liquid Life.

DRA UGHTS• EXAMINERI DECEMBER gra, 1898). [ln communications Moulding solutions to problems, and problems for Competition, must 13- addressed to the " Draughts Editor." " Examiner "Office, War- rington, and must reach the office not later than the first post on FriIDAY morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as, possible, answer in this column all enquiries]. SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No. 10. (SatacTao.) Black Men on 16, 23, and 28 ; Kin RR on g, and 19, White Men on 17, 22, 31, and 32; Kings on 21. White to play and win. 31-27 (1019-23 17-11 16-20 26-31 23-26 32—'47 9-25 23-23 White Wine 27-24 23-32 21-23 20-27 Variation (1) : 19-15 21-21 20-27 17-14 (a)l6-23 19-10 9-25 23-19 White Wine (a) 15-10, 24-19, 16-20, 23-18, White Wine, PROBLENI No. 11. [Br MR. S. TAVLIN, WARRINGTON.] [BLACK.] ‘e A 4 lU2e // I r 4dmh r / r I 11---P z 7 • 7,4 e rrz ect . AUU , V%VAU a U P4rA4"..5 cw.FirE . - •

, , . HALF. . ..,....• !,., Three GUINEA Awarded • eit-'•'7%-, 4., ~. -4 . .•1 , CANNOT BE BOUGHT IN A SHOP, CA . "v., :‘,t,., ~,, 1t..'., , : • Money ~. \.,L,,;t1 but are promptly sent BY PARCEL It.i..‘,,,M.:•Zai, ,:,, saved POST, safely packed,D IR ECT FROM l'4,:i,r #.'"\--777.., TH E LARGEST FIR Mof COS- ' 1'.n.,. k\ $ ,'-' r. • ,\•\4,.,7. '''',..:NN'::::,':' 4 TUM lERS la the WORLD. • by \k'N‘A.,e, "ITs r: A IIS VOLUMES for tne excellence i ' •.;." N.' . N,,,. ~,,, Of the Brooa street Mills hroductions, ' that \ L fst ordering , ''''., ‘,.....ki "`4,-*. afitiough during the past kll .', LN ft s , ..(5,., quarter century many firms ' ' \ 11' " -- ..---- ...,,..;, ,S,, 4.4- have tried to imttate them,houe • • 4.' , , \ from -,„,,,,- , .. .i. e, have succeeded in produelng a ' ' N. .i ....fw. ;.,..„. _ _,, ..., .i. gainenwtattaatbaoill t„.ll.irettamte pneit '''',"• • 0 JOHN „k.,.......N,-.6 „ Iv. jits,' same class au the' f°timract'us ..,,,s‘, '''‘.' r 301 IN NORL:It HALF -GUINEA 's,;\ : . g *zl'-'•----r,-,,---r--ii-.., -..- ' CO2TUME." a, l''' NOBLE Supplied in the following two tt„.„,rt„,, '..a. „It- \ \ . \Vsx,.. ' ~"t'' f ..i;,:gi. "1-111-,EAl;,;!li,liHßE,lNgohilivi :.:•••:'-;,.,.\,, , ,‘, ~-.g, :\ ~\NN::--,-, ..:ii.i ....... NOW- COSTUME •• COATING, ~. ';,'\ .. . \ N ',,•",' ,k 4. • ;,,,,N,,a,„ ,„ yt „,„ ,iii PATTERP.L SENT POST f,FLEE, ,-;;`, \,,. ..gt i ',‘.., ,&\ 'N's..;,:‘,',Arf..i.,,til&i lor Ladies and Children s. ~, ''‘ '• \\ ''*",,, ..' ~.' 'B,IV tts„, \ ss, ''s ..,, '•'‘ ts' 1,1) /47'," A FULL DRESS LENGTI) of ',;,,,,\,: \ ' , - t.' ...., -,,,,,,,,.... •---,,,-.11,-, , wide) for 7/6. Carriage Bd. i 0 .„. • , ‘ s , ,‘% .*:;:„,„ -,•:,,c.,... „,,,,,.,,,,c.,,..:, fr'7,-,, moDEt STIL—A new design with well # i' ,sAC.(I, V:`'', .:0-4'; cut liodiee,trimmed fancy braid and a ‘" 1 ..-ttc, (k'-' .. N't.,..• ''.,, , f i.iity. .5511 Tailor design 1 n jeSkirt, full wide , and in the latest I LP Umode. Price • '.. "YiN, , k ..':.','t,,, , ',,:e:'''' el* Ir complete Costume 10/6. Carriage 6d. • The Skirt alone for St 6. Carriage 6d. COLOURS OF ALL CGSTUMES are t Black, Navy, Brown, stuoy, Myrtle, ~, MIILIEL 964.—An exceedin,gly well made and '4 j . ~, , smartly finished Chesterfield Coat and a full ' , ii 'II '' t COON Grey,Moss,k awn, Purple,and Electric. width Skirt in the in/0 latest style.. Price ~ , '," complete Costume iUt tJ 12/6. Carriage 6d. tt ~, ,t a The Skirt alone for $6. Carriage 51 p, i ,1 , TO mimic; ORDEV.; execnted and desoctehed t, t , .r. , 1 'AI 'M , being3Bnr nyi I. ro3TotBhl:u. 7:\'' !de rt4O(2!nnd ins, SIZES bl aoernmg MARE:ro7Bf34rko, i frost. t6O: 1:: within 12 hours. !ADIEU OWN 3ESIONG NI ADE 1 ', ,II ; I MOTHERS. MEASURE, 1/6 EXTRA. Rti up by skilled Dressmakers iu any kind of '1 T. 1.1 JOHN NOME KHOCKAGOUT , fabric at moderate cost. 617ALELH ,', MIMS, An ideal School or Holiday °, • ~a. I.ISTEAED - "b "41 garment for Girla2lin.l/6,24in.2/-,271n. , ' A sG• G" l',l'r 42i At PfaTERVS af all kinds of mu+ „-L, 2/6, ann. 3/-, Win. 3/6, Min. V- 29in. 4,11. '' n ,ht-,efteh. Car.4tl. ex.VJ EtlikklTTE 0 ~0 dsun a ann ,r,d,,.. ”resa Goods htut tu select each. Ladies' Tam o'Shanter Caps, well knitted at the same pre° l/-. Bankers : "LONDON Es MIDLAND " BANK, LTD. Kindly name this newspaper when writing to s JOiiil NOBLE, LTD BROOK STR Err FiiiiN6HESTER. 09 miLLs, 'el

-74q,c,c rim TOOTHACHE AND I OCTHAC-L NEURALCIA CURB. MIBLS j In bo.tles. Is. ltt-d., of all Chemists or Post Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. N. ROBINSON, L.D.S.. London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street. Livernool.

[.......... ' These tiny Capsules 1--17,7 Kidney and Bladder trouble N. NTA promptly. They are superior to S 4/ Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections, and cure in forty-eigtit hours the same diseases without . M I bN. faneacornsytehneiennacine rtlethdySaprold 3/6, from Wi1...00by al Chenist. i3ra Cd free ~ • . •.-. 83,Mortimer St..Lonnon.W.! "LINSEED

CIABVASSING AGENTS wanted in every town in the V kingdom, for debt recovery office ; commission only, speedy promotion.—Address, MANAGER, 64 Monks-road Lincoln.

BLKSMITH.—Wanted, at once, good Shoeing and AO General Smith, used to country work ; tu live in ; constant work for steady man.—Apply, M. A. BRIDGE- WATER AND SON, Chlibllty. Salop.

pOSTAL TUITION. Bookkeeping, Business Training- fihorthand, French. German, Commercial Correspon. dance ; Prospectus, Trial Lessons free ; moderate fees. It, GRAHAM, 4. Duke-street, Charing Cross. London. rASILY BARRED INCOMES gained by energeti per- .L4 sons representing the Albion Plate Glass Insurance Co., Ltd. Most progressive comp Any in England.—Send for par- ticulars SECRETAItY, 17, Dickinson-street. Manchester. BICKERSTAFFE CHURCH SCHOOLS.—Wanted, in the Infants' Departmeat, for February 1, a fully qualified ASSISTAN i TEACHER (Article 53); musical drill, kinder- garten. and object lessons essential. Salary £9O to begin witb.—Apply the Vice% Bickerstaffe, Ormskirk.

SANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £250; numerous vacancies ; permanent appointmerns ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience linnec-ssary ; ladies eligible ; over 200 successful candidates.—Apply ROBERT 111tr5rt ENS, Science Teacher, Sunderland

riIHORNTON-IN-CRAVBN SCHOOL BOARD.—Wanted for Herby Board School. MALE ASSISTANT, art. 50. Sala•-yr commence £5O and advance to £6O. Also FEMALE ASSISTANT, art 50. Salary commence £47 10s, and advance ta £52 108 Forms of apdlication may be had by sending stamped addressed envelope to the clerk, W. N. BERRY, Earby. near Colne.

AGENTS. Hawkers (either sex) who want to double money this season should try EUSsELL'S Everlasting Firelighters, by Eoyal Letters Patent, 7,607 ; handiest article in the world ; never fails ; thousands sold ; enormous profits; guaranteed genuine ; 4s 6ci per dozen, or 42s per gross. Sample Order 9 stamt,s, post free. Address Mrs. RUEMELL, 3, Sylvester-street. Bolton. (Mention paper).

CIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS uPEN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 ; YOUNG LADIES, 15-20, Full details in 'THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' Net free from SKERRY'S COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. SEE ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE HOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PHNICATH.—Cottages 48.0 d., 33. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAII-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent 210. BUTPERMARKET-STREIIT.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. 39, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d. per week, 92, HOYLE STREET. rent 3s 9d per week. 25 CATHERINE STEEET rent 4s, 3d. per week. REGENT-STKE ET off sankey Street, WAREHOUSE, ground floor. £l5. PE NKETH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden CA year. 31. CAEHERINE-STREKT, rent 4s. 3d. 20, PERCY-STEEBT, rent ss, per week. APPiy ROBERT LoWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Rank-street Wat rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.-61,PRIESTLEY-BTREET,WARIIINGTON.good corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

TLBr.-LARGE ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £2o, 1_ Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Sollaitors, Horseniarket-a., Warrington. - - - PO LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-et., rent £l3.—Apply ASHTON AND WOoDS, Solicitore,Roree- market-street, Warrington, TIVVELLING-HOUSR.—To be Let, an excellent Dwelling- LI halm in Orappenhall-road, Latchford, No. 5, Wood- bine-terrace.---Apply at No 6. to J HARRISON.

SHOP.—To be Let, Dsliam-lane, large SHOP. very suitable for provision stones ' • two minutes from the market.—: Apply J. TITCHETT AIiDSON, 14, Cairo-street, Warrington. Q HOP to be Let, 9, Ryland-street, two beak OVENS j suitable for a wholesale oonfeetionery bnslness.—Apply TITCHETT AND SON. Cairo-street, Warrington. fro LET.—HO USE, No. 48. Parker-street.—Apply I.ASETON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. 910 RE LET, good SHOP. WORKSHOP and DWELLING I. HOUSE, Igo. 11, Mill-street and King-street.—Apply to WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, plumber, Park place, Warrington.

A SMALL COTTAGE with GARDEN at Stockton Heath; /11,.. suit a email family; also cottages in Elizabeth-street ; rents 4s. Sd. per week.—Apply Mr. WILLIAme, 37, Bridge- street, Warrington.

Fro LIIT.—A SMALL COTTAGH with garden at Stockton _1 Heath. suitable for small family. Also cottages in Elizabeth-street. rent 4s 63 per week—Apply Mr. wn.mems, 57, Eridge•street, Warrington.

WORKROOMS.—To be Let, two good WORKROOMS Ilam-lane well•lighted, suit Able for storerooms, Bce., two minutes from the market.—Apply J. TITCHETT AND SON. 14, Cairo-street, Warriagton,

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is posittvely the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not barna the most delicate. It will cure the moot obstinate car, within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every case however long standing. TMOUS ANDS OF GENNUIXE TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. : post tree Sd. extra. To be had only C. UIN. MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road. London,W 0

MUSIC. SPECIAL OFFER I A FINE VIOLIN, PERFECT TONS, with Case and Bow 255. GENUINE ITALIAN MANDOLINE AND CASA 20s. EXCEPTIONAL OFFEE.—I will send complete set of my tested and guaranteed Violin Strings for 2s. 6d: Mandoline strings, complete set Is. 6d. All goods sent carriage paid. C. HAILE Y, 257, 40SW1tLf.. ROAD, LONDON E.C.

DRAW IN Ci INSTRUMENTS, Boards, T and Set Squares, Scales. Tapes, Pencils, Colours &a., ae. English Make. The very latest, best and cheapest Just published new Edition or Illustrated Catalogue, post free. A. G. THORNTON. PRACTICAL MANUFACTURER. 66, St. Mary's-street, Manchester.

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63 C 5 HURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

"DARLOUR SUITE, quite new, a Payments taken J. bargain comprising Ladies' and Gents' Easy Chairs, four Small, and Couch. Splendidly finished and of ie,6 15s. new design AT 59, CHURCH-STBEET.

HANDSOME PAIR BRONZII Payments taken WARRIORS. Splendid work- manship, also Bronze Centre Piece to match, nicely finished, the three 2 7 4 only S. 6D. AT JACKSON'S

KITCHEN TABLES. strong and Payments taken well made. from 7s lld to 16s 6d ; Chairs, 2s lid to 5s 11 ; Sofas from 253 ; Fenders 6s lid and 7s lid AT 59, CHURCH-STREET.

A LARGE STOUK of FLOCK Payments Wren 11 BEDS from 10s 6d. Pictures from 2s lid pair. Iltaralrugs 3s 11d, 4s 11d, 5s lid. 6a 11d. 7s 6d to 16s.

MAS IVE BRASS FENDER. Payments taken FIRE IRONS and DOGS complete. at JACKSON'S, for 225. 6n. Really cheap.

SV:LONG BEDSTEADS, 1 pair Payments taken Mattresses, Flock Bed, Bolster and two Pillows, 1 pair Blankets, 1 pair Sheets. 1 large Quilt, and two Cane Chairs, the lot tor £2 18s. 6.. AT JACKSON'S 59, CHURCH-STREET.

A Large Stock of Kitchen Rugs, Payments taken. II Carpets, Chairs, Fenders, Door Mats, sc.. very cheap. 59 AND 61, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PRIED FISH and CHIPS.—MABBDTTS CHAdmosr Ranges and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop ou Wheels for outdoor 24 page list free. 51, Lever-st. Manchester. D ÜBBBRINE closes all small punctures in tyres Aux.maticaliy, quite harmless; is per bottle, post paid. R. RamsfaoTTom, 81. Market-street. Manchester.

SEND 2s Id for a set of our special Christmas CARDS, also particulars of Grand Free Money Prizes ; anyone can win.—NOVELTY COMPANY, 5 Bonver-road, Bromley-road, Lee, SIC

CONSUMPTION (incipient„ Bronchitis. Asthma speedily relieved and finally cured by Tere-Phos ; week's trial free. Send 6 stamps for carriage.— PROFESSOR wALsa, 45, Albert-street, Preston. PRIVATS CHRISTMAS CARDS. Printed in Gold, with your own wording, name and address; from is. 6d. per doz.; sample book sent.—Tßortaa BRoTHEas AND Co., printers, 37, Rverton-road, Liverpool. lIVE FISH.-7lbs 2s, Nibs is 6d, 131bs 3s, nibs 3s 6d .1 carriage paid. Dressed for cooking, splendid quality. prompt delivery ; schools ac catered for ; lists free.—STAll FISH Co., Pontoon, Grimsby. Quote paper.

MEN THOUSAND PARCBLS.-12 Yards Beautiful Lace, 1 and Silk lace Vail, ISilk and Lace Collarette with 2 Silk Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one is Novel ; carriage paid is. e W. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

IVICORATIVB GRASSES, Is. per lb. ; best quality ; cheape t price. Pampas Plumes le. 31. per dozen ; coloured, Is. 84. Hawkers' and Shopkeepers' List free. Good market lines.—WATTS, Grass Importer, Leicester.

TIE. HUGO'S CELEBRATED RHEUMATISM and _LI GOUT SPECIFIC. An absolute cure for Gaut and Rheumatism. Sold in large bottles at 4s. 6d. post free of DR. HUOVB CERTO-CURE CO., 64, Bow-lane. LORdon, B.C. THE Tilt TH ABOUT STAMMERING. Anyone inter- _l_ ested will receive the latest information and important Iscoks on the cure on loan. rlost free, without cuarge. from ITHURTEL, Messrs. Deacon, 154, Leadenhall-street, London

CEIRISTMAS and New Year CARDS. Send ii tamps immediately for monster value box of 15 beautiful Christmas Cards. assorted with envelopes. Bankrupt's stook. —MIDDLETON, Wholesale Stationer, Yarmouth.

A STROLOGY.—Your FUTURE FORETOLD. Marriage, IM Children, Changes in Circumstances, Journeys, Legacies, etc. Send date of birth, 12 stamps and stamped envelope.—Mr. Cows, 30 Cheltenham Place, Brighton, Sussex.

A BEAUTIFUL 14 carat gold American cased hunting La. WATCH, lady's or gent's, exquisitely engraved. jewelled movement, timed, warranted 2 years, equal in ap- pearance to solid gold; pest free 17s 6d, usual price two guineas.—ELWERUPTCY STORES. 62 Aldersgate-street, li.c•

FISHMONGERS, ARMY AND NAVY CLUBS, J. Hawkers and private families.— I would advise you to try one of my lila., 15e., 20a., kits of mixed fish, beet quality guaranteed. Small basses of fish Is. 6d. and 3s. 6d. carriage paid. Fryer's fish codlings. Is. 6d. ; small haddocks, is 9d. ; medium hackccks, 2s. ; dabs is. per stone. Terms cash.—To CHARLES H. SMITH, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

0N SALE, large qudnttty of OVAL L RAF PRIVET 1 feet to 6 feet high. Extra good gooseberry trees, Currant trees, Pyrethrum. Peonies. &e. 3,00) good Rhubarb roo.s ; Linneus and Victoria 3 year old, at, reasonable prices.— Apply BICVSTON. Beech-road Nurseries, Sale. • 10 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24 420 square yards of Freehold Laud, with siding to the railway,' Suitable for tThemical or other Works requiring 'num.—Address J. HOSKING, 16, Fen wick-street. Liverpool.

HAYTI YOB A PIANO? If so !end for tbe harmonic PIANO MUTE, nr.thing like it introduced before, wonderful and pleasing effects, invaluable for learners ; splendid Harp or Banjo effect if required. Pull instructions sent carriage paid on receipt 12 Stamps.—Addreas, DIN MANAGER, b 9, West Green-road, London, N.

- -- rpo THOSE Suffering from Nervous Debiiity and Exhaus- tlon.—New and rev.lsed edition. The CONFESION and EXPRRIENCH of one who suffered for years. An emphatic warning. The means of effective Self-Cure detailed fully. No more quackery or medical imposition. The cure pleed within the reach of all. The met hod is simple yet sure. Copies may be had gratis by sending stamped addressed envelope to the Authar—Artrizoit DIXON, Alder wick-terrace, liJunslow.

MAGNIFICENT COLOURED PHOTO SLIDES, lectures, temperance, life models, religious hymns, comics. 4d. to 60. each.—STONL, Secondhand Slide Dealer, Roysion, Herts.

JT ADY wanting,MONEY, has for disposal two pairs real 4 %V Una! Blankets, full size; unused ; worth £2 10s. Accept 21s. Approval. —ADDRESS 82, " Basminer" Office, Warrington.

SCREENS.—Four leaved SORE IN for Scraps,canva seed ,te. coloured and black grounds 15s. 6d., 3 folds 11s. 6d. Carriage paid; art serge and leather screens from 17s. 6d,— Jeauf JACKSON, Poulton-le-Fylde, Lan2s.

VOR SALE, a splendid four-year COB, 14 hands; warran- ted sound and quiet in harness . • also gig and set of brown harness almost new.—Apply at the CLARENCE HOTEL, Clarence-street, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool. rA.NCY LEATHERWORK.—Leather, Toole. Patterns, A: Photo Frames, Mirrors etc., sent to any address. In- struction Book with 43 designs and price list of materials 3 stamps.-1-Linson Bans., lieckmondwike, Yorks.

S. 9d.—XMAS. PRESENT. GENUINE SILVER Nickel Re'less Watch, excellent timekeeper ; one year guaran- teed ; will be Bent to any part of the United Kingdom. P. 0,0. only.—Max BAGELMANN and Co , 13, Foley-street, London, W.

A LL SMOKERS should have the patent " BLOWOUT " -(1. PIPE cleaner, and m-tch box combined handsomely nickel plated. Post free 7 stamps WILLIAM& -146, North- street, Wolverhampton. Agents wanted.

CYCLISTS look here, ten guinea BICYCLES for E.) 55., fitted with Beeston pneumatic tyres and guaranteed for 12 months. Frames, wheels, and parts of every description, send for lists, thy will surprise you.—FORrESCUE Beos , 27, Northam-road, Southampton.

-pfiIiTWORK MATERIALS.—Great clearance sale. 10,000 gross. saws is. per gross ; 6s. gross lots ss. ; 50.6.0 Original designs ; 3d. in is. discount. Send at once for 28. 6d. giant selection of designs. Cat:logue post free,3, stamps.—EoEurary, Frampton, Cotterell. Mos. TO FISH FRIBRS and HOUSBHOLDERS.—FRYING 1. FISH, Terms : s4d stone; sent same day as ordered Basses of selected and mixed fish ; carriage raid. 2s 6d, sums ; cash with order; special terms for Convents Schools, etc.—J. L. Wo-iLties, Jun., Pontoon, Grimsby.

23 Lich Lady's fashionable black fancy S. D. CREPON CAPE, fur collar, lined silent and quilted for 7s. 9d., carriage 9d. extra ; 4s. 3d, lady's COS- TUME SKIRT in black and navy serge, carriage 6d. extra.— Write for patterns to ROBERT ARTIS and Co.. Manufacturers, 11 Carthusian street, London, LC.

A MARVELLOUS PUBLICATION, post free 6d. Lester .11- Barrett's ALBUM of MUSIC] and SONG,just published, contains all his latest songs and sketchel. Three times larger than any previous issue. The songs with nausic have full p anotorte accompaniments. Enclose 6 stamps for copy to LESTER BARRETT, 8, Mytton-street, Hahne, Manchester. To SMALL INVESTORS.—Sums of £lO and upwards .1 accepted for investment with not less than 6 months notice of withdrawal ; 5 per cent. per annum guaranteed, more may be realised ; monies received are invested in bound commercial undertakings ; speculative investmens szietly avoided.—Address Boa 10, BENNETVS, 4, Adelaide-street, Charing Cross. W.C.

A LL LAME PEOPLE should write for particulars of ..1-1 Patent ANTI-SLIPPING Silent Pads for Crutches, Walking Sticks. and Wooden Legs t 6 Wm H. GILOTER, 24, Brunurett-road, ChorMon-cum-Hardy, Manchester. Inventor a user. Splendid testimonials from all parts of Kingdom. Meation paper.

'IOLIN, GRAND BARC.AIN. Genuine Strad model V cost £5 ; suit lady or gentleman ; lull, rich tone; sacrifice 21s. ; CACI needed. Will give purchaser my 10s case, ivory mounted artist's 12s. bow, ss. tutor. itc approval. post paid. —Miss L. 51313,10 Na, Idamilton Castle Broomfield, Swanscombe, Kent.

PHOrOGRAPHIO Weeklies (or is it Weaklies ?) having been forbidden by a ring of Manufaeturers to continue advertisements shoeing the advantageous prices of SCHOLZIG'S, well-known Photo papn's and dry plates, you are requested to write for particulars. If you caunot obtain Scho:zig's materials at your dealers, they will be supplied to you dirt ot and post free. ktentioa this paper please.—Orro SCRoLzIO, 31, Binfield-road. Clapaam, London, S.W.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SAL EAT PIT I S'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station through Railway Arch.) THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH BEING CLEARED OUT TOTALLY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE HAS COMMENCED. This important announcement will doubtless send a thrill of pleasure through the shrewd public who always make a point of patronising Pitts's Sales, knowing full well that at such times a saving of 25 to 50 per cent may often be eff acted. Pitts's are renowned far and wide, in fact stand pre-eminent for always giving UTMOST POSSIBLE VALUE, but at their Stocktaking Sales Pitts's give MORE THAN VALUE as in mahy instances articles are marked CONSIDERABLY BELOW COST, in order to clear them out to facilitate Stocktaking. ppITTS'S believe that if they sacrifice several hundred pounds, during this great bale, giving their customers the benefit such sacrifice will pay them in the long run as an advertisement by still further strengthening their well- known reputation as the BEST and CHEAPEsT GENERAL FURNISHERS. It is utterly impossible for anyone, not having favoured Pitts's with a visit, to conceive brie astound- ing variety and magnitude of Pitts's UNRIVALLED STOCK of new and second-hand FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. PIANOS, CYCLES, PASSINETTES, etc.. etc. Ls fact every household and office requisite, much of which Pitts's have secured at about a third of original cost from numerous large residences the rames of which have already been advertised. Pitta's intend this sale to far surpass all previous efforts. As such an opportunity as this of economical fur- nishing occurs but seldom it is the BOUNDEN DUTY of everyone desirous of laying out theirihard-earned money to the BEST ADVANTAGE to call at PITT' S WITHOUT DE- LAY, or they may be too late. 10111ITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i,22}.28i, 381.50 75, 100, up to 1,04 guineas need no praise; one might as well paint the lily or gild refined gold. During the sale, Pitts's will not alter th, prices, but instead augment the quantity and quality of the articles, so you may take it for granted that each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLE THE PRICE ASKED. Inspection will verify this state- ment. POI US'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF PUREILURE for 15i JL guineas, worth £35; includes a splendid serviceable suite in leather, dining table, fender and brasses complete. capital Brussels carpet, with hearthrug to match. wir dow fittings. &e. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong table with heavy white top, nine yarhs of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug, fender and irons complete. Bedroom has all re- quisite artiel.s ; massive bedstead, mattresses, bed bolster, and two pillows (guaranteed new acid clean), carpet, toilet ware, Ac., all complete and full size. ITTS'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN-ROOMED HOUSa, originally, cost £lBO for 75 guineas. The dining-room is in morocco leather, the drawing-room is in rosewod, a spare room upstairs fitted as a smoke-room is in saddlebags. Furniture for kitchen, hall, stairs, landing, collars, d:c. The first bedroom is in American walnut, inel ding wardrobe, dressing-table, washstand. chairs, Ac bedsteads, bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet service- The second bedroom is in ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany, Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered. pITTS'S STOCKTAKING. CARPET BARGAINS. Largest and best selected Stock of Brussels, Tapestry. Axminster, Wilton, Velvet Pi e, etc., etc. Linoleum, Floor- Cloths. etc- All English manufacture, at exceptionally low prices to clear. Pitted free of charge by competent men.. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING. PIANOS, CYCLES, BAS- .L SINETTES, LAMPS. CHINA.. EARTHENWARE. PICTURES, ENGRAVINGS, CUTLERY, and OTHER BARGAINS too numerous to mention. Exceptional value. -pIIDITTS'S STOCKTAKING. OFFICE AND LIBRARY BARGAINS.— For Half a Century the word '• Pitts's ' and Good Office Furniture have been synonymous. Pitts's have either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or a better article at the same price. Desks, Tables, Chairs, Stools Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses. Safes, stand at prices that entirely obliterate competition. AS3UEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station). MANCHESTER. Just through hiouth Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick. Longeight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

ONDON, HOTEL ALEXANDER, Vauxhall Bridge-road, JL_I S.W., oldest largest. best private Hotel, close to Royal Palaces, 2 minutes from Victo• ia Stations, moderate charges, night porter ; en pension. Telegrams, "Ekaboron, London.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. EL STUN SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDEI HYDRO, Physician Dr. P tRNADO. dummer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings In Southpo.t, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BO:DCOCR, Proprietor.

Commun. mISS LEILA BAIESTOW, L.O.M. (also pupil of Signor Monad Roma) Professor of English and Italian binging. Breathing and voice production Specialite. Voices tried (by appointment) free of charge. Terms-10, BOLD STREET, WatTiORtOR.

A RCHBISHOP HOLGATE'S SCHOOL, YORK.—Splen lA. did accommodation for boarders ; refurnished ; perfect Sanitation. Increase of numbers 212 per cent. in 2i years. Illustrated Prospectus and lists of the Head Master.—Next Term Sept. 14.—Rev. W. JOHNSON, B.A. MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCEIOOL. FEE 24 4e. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TUEsDZY. JAN. 17th, 1299. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY. JANUARY 15th. 1899. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses. Forms of Application, Ac., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, is situated in Higher Broughtco. GWEN W. COX, Receiver.

122, MARKET MOST, EARLESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. pita E Winner and Senior Honours for Pianoforte and Singing, tee., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of MUEiC, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline Singing, Harmony, Theory, Ice. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations. TERMS MODERATE.

235 v --- —SPLENLIDLY Fitted-up SPIRIT VAULTS ; . leading thoroughfare : tied far ale to good brewers ; free for all spirits.—WALLwoan AND Co., London- road, Liverpool.

2-150 —FREE SPIRIT VAULTS; near Exchange; • brewers bills and spirit book can be seen ; all Fixtrires included.—WiaLLwom AND Co.. 23, London-road, Li • rpool.

QE VENAL OFF LICENSES, good Beerhouse, Coal Yard, K-3 Oreengrocers. Fried Fish Shompick of Manchester from £l5 to £150.-14PICINSON, WHEEL & Co., 37, Cross-street, Manchester.

CONPROTIONEIPS SHOP ; nice trade; busy A horoughfare- Other busine-ss cause of leaving ; could leave at once or stay On for a short time. Apply 127, STANLEY-ROAD, Kirkdale, Liverpool.

SOUTHPORT.--hatters and Umbrella BUSINESS, easily learnt, unique fashion. modern house and shop, 17 years own hands, cash trade ; capital, including stock afoot £5OO ; ill-health. —Write Watog, Hatter, Southport.

FLIOR SALE, Edge Tool Business, New and Secondhand and General Ironmongery &c. Established by the pre- sent Occupier 20 years, good living Accommodations rent Hs, per week.— Apply HARRY Enmomns, Barrow-in-Furness.

MILK BUSINESS in Manchester selling 350. Gallons weekly, and including horse floats, all shop fixtures and utensils (good house and shop 12s 6d per week clear): every investigation;owner leAving allanchester.£lso.No agent need apply.—address 55, QUEEN-STREET, Morecambe.

-----------_ _ - plO to £5O. Respectable persons in need of financial assts. tance, write to TURNILL AND Co. 55a, Renshaw- . street, Liverpool.

2150,000 ity ZOO LERmONAGI) the SUMS to suit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO PRELIMINARY priliS CHARGED. ZIVIONEY LENT P.AVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, in sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE• TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNK, Accoun- tant. 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK. 10. CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTEE. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in one sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of 'uterest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminary fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

UNION CREDIT - BANK, LIMITED, Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO }lead Office 38, RENSHAW-STREE2, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &c., at the following low rates :- 210 repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 91, £5O ~ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. a 16s, Ocl, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special 1 errns of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2f to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN 11. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCI,s • FILIVATELY to Tradesmcg, Farmers. Working-men, aad all respectable licuseholders, on their own security. • NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. HONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondamen, without delay, without public enquiry, 0.1 your simple written promise to pay b-k. Apply k t VICTORIA CHAMBERS tfoot of the Central Station), NV tONDS. IVARRINOWN et my Residenco, 134, Orford-lane any Kvening. Applications from RUNCORN an District generally receive ,drecisciv the flame attention. Loans In sums of £5, Et, £l.l, RR), £3O, £BO and upwards.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIKEto ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuine way of doing BUSINESS. ME. W. STE W ART, 9 COOPER. STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from EN to £IOGO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Itevenioas. This is BUSINESS I STRICT It PRIVATE 11l GENUINE lilt Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, DANK •STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash adv: aced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods rm- staatly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

THE 'WARRINGTON SLATE /I t.)0., Lri DINORWIe AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY & CO.. LD., BIGKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE i Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, 1 Tel.Addrese, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD DI &DAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FPF3R MILK TRICE DAILY, KIM MILK FROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold ill JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, ,MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S pus. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S plus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pILLS, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADrs pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v EADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. RHEUMHE UM A TISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unbounded ATISM pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATI S,M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMAT ISM The hest spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourrills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHE UMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have foal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RIIHU MATI directly. I WOULD NOT BR WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM w3tutaruesequyiotue itit,liobrttyhis d to and! (OUT shall be pleased io answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM rue (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MoltyrAifist." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. Id. and 2s. Bd. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain ABB'S GOUT AND .tiBIEU• RUM PILLS. EADE S PILLS

DR.J. COLLIS BROWICTE'S CHLORODYN THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever eat; covered. CIILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. pHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea ki and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CtiLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. oIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- l.'on In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that It leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. iIAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND MITA- ' •--/ uons. CAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " LORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.--See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the worm; " Dn. J. COLLIS BROWNIE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Mediae I testimony accompanies each bottle. ' SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. Dal/IMPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. Loccloa

TOW LE'S CH LOROD YNE 'II f 1 RENOWNED FOR i OWLE'S kiRLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, OWLE'S HiC LORODYNE BRONCHITIS, r Fl rp CONSUMPT:ON, 1 OWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, C LORODY iINE r OWLE'S H sPASMS. £C. 131 d. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE NANCIIESTER.

DR' Sc°Tr's pus Contain the fin-st drugs that can bo procur DR. scoirs piLLS Cure S kHeadaches and Nervous Depress on.; DR. scon- pi LLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S pus Lhe Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR.S ',COTT'S pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet_or cold. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. but insist on having the right - thing, which is wrapped in a square green package _ Ebe "Oxamtntr " Orries OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises rrHE Warrington and .31i -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Lanes/own and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- -11- day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six -.Yords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. ICd. ... 3s. Od. 36 ls. 04. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 38. Id. ... 6s. 041. 54 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 68. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise meat inserted on credit under 28. per insert on. • TIE EXAMINER. DECEMBER 9th, 1898. • be be coo3° • die°

puBLIc HALL, RUNCORN. -- FIFTH VISIT To THIS ToWN, AFPER AN ABSENCE OF NEARLY FIVE YELRe OF DYSON'S DIORAHAS ANO GIPSY CHOIR FROM THE POLYTECHNIC, NEGEST-sTREET, raNBON, W. EIGHT DAYS ONLY OPENING, SUNDAY NEXP, DEJE ABER 11TH, 1893. WITH A SACRED SONG SERVICE For Programme and Particulars see Handbills. THE AWSIOAL AND PICTORIAL ENT ER PAINIIIINT S 005/MEMOS MONDAY, DECENIBER 12TH, 1898, PRoGRIMIHE MONDA.Y DUE ABER 12TH, " 3ly lisliday in • Switzerland." TUESDAY" Dear Old England." WEDNESDAY, "Paris and its Exhibition." THURSDAY, "What I saw in Romantic Norway." FRIDAY, " Picturesque Wales:' SATURDAY, at 3" Sunny Italy." SATURDAY at 8 "Old Irelaad." Programme changed every performance. Including the Wonderful ANIIIATED PHOTOGRAPHS. Doors open 7 33. Communise at 8. Carriages 10.10.

Coughs'' Asthma, Bronchitis Influenza AND ALL. Lung Troubles, Soo above Trade Mark on each Wrapper. In Bottles, 1/11, 2/3, 4/6, and 11/14 POWELL'S Mild APERIENT PILLS, 1/1a 80l ESTABLISHED 1824. 13014 by Chemists throughout the Worta: e

r 9 -11-• ? ' • _ QUICILLY COMECT ALT.. IBREGMLILITtErt, imam ALL •OnsTancrions, and relieve the distresslng eymptottts 8" prevalent withthesex. 13oxes,1/16ee 219 (containsthree - times the quantity), of all Chemists. Oent an ywherik: on receipt of 15 Or 84 etamps, by E. '2. TO WLE Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham.' -....- nece”, of Imitations, i 'urioto ert4

I

1

IF YOU WArIT TO GET WELL TAKE WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE. THE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases, Inflammation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheumatism & Gout. "WARNER'S'SAFE'CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PROF. Da. R. A. GENN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REv. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE effected • a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years." MAJOR McillvaaAv, Armagh. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SCIIIIIMELL, Rugby. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. COISCP7VES 'BALSA IN IC ELIXIR will not cure every complaint. Bat it has been proved by .use for Seventy Years to be the most efficacious medicine for DISEASES OF THE LUNGS. rrer IT FOC: COUGHS AND COLDS. In Cases of INFLUENZA which are associated with Pulmona6 Symptoms much benefit has been experienced. Jn Chronic gronchitis & Asthma it affords decided relief in most cases. But the renown of this Medicine has chiefly been gained by its success in C 13 kl PTIGH9 or TUSELZULAR AFFECT/OS of Mr: LUNGS. Interviews with Patients by Mr. Congreve's Com- missioner, are published fortnightly in many Religious Weekly Newspapers. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post tree for Is., smaller edition, W., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.B. mfdilM MIA ?MUM fiVlZnigag:tt7/I?«.°P. 114- sad 22J-.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG w,:ehatingaismchlr,i7orioarnaotswheorl—einse 'thrlttewrhhaeln W I surrounded with You press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the km Pression P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you, Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to Continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have e,,tended various hospitals a,lci had medical advice, an i been told your case is hopeless, or advised to Submit to am- PUtation ; but do not. for I CAN CORE YOU. I don't say Perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed Is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT. 73. FAURINGDON-STREF.T LOrrnors, and you will receive a box:of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILIR Which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legg House- Maids: Knee, Oka rated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols ) lei Hands, Bunions. (Registered Copyright.)

A REAL BOON TO LADIES. TO Esueel liv t thowho wish to know of a LADIES. To - a- -o 86 1 f all LADIES. sate, Certain, and speedy remedy or i To irregularities and obstat-tions. a remedy LADIES. To which under the most trying eiraum- LADIES, mo stances and in the roost difficult and LADIES. 1 4 TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES. • To NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES. . TO . RELIEF, LADIES. TO LADIES. TO GENERALLY IN A FEW 'tunas. T.ADIES. To NO Case hopeless, failure is simply im- .....DIES. TO possible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark Hill, LAI' ''r..S. To Cambezwell, writes : LA DIES. .r, ~ ny adoptlng your treatment s am LADIES. Totawrixeniettvfouarndhotrnirisserrivlthwouagsh 'f'ovrerover three LADIES. To months I had been daily taking pills and LA DIES. TO Other things in .i,ain. Halt the . quantity LADIFS To you sent proved tfLctire, to 'fly luknse LADIES. To joy and surprise. LADIES. To A sworn guarantee is eno °seri with all LADIES. To testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES. To expensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (b, post. LADIES. T, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any CASH. ~„'-' Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES. 40 to any 1.,c1y on receipt of addressed LADIES To th.velope. LADIES. TO LADIES. To . Write privately to— LADIES. TO LADIES. TO MRS. E. W. ALLEN. LADIES. To LADIES. TO LADIES. To 145, STOCKWELL EOAD, LADIES. TO LONDON. s.w. LADIES TO LADIES

TPADE MARR "Sanitas Best &M ost Popular. iSinfecta n t D , In MI Cast- of f"?. aEr A:efor Purifylng Use F I ulds,Powders,&Soap:: end -{c77r,T,h,et P Stikl; , OP Bet hal GreerLtonklarit. ihnitas Embrocation 8c1.,_1/-, 2/6

Send to . . . RAY& ay; z P.ES, twilscqrPooll : For 11.7i.-atod Prim Liat of rrila M : „ •41.,3 'll 4.1 P-3 e.sit s.crias,scs Sri nirso;-:*ine. WOODS PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES et BEDSTEADS. GUARANTED Car, iare Paid, and R FIVE YEARS Liberal Cash Discount allowed. • '• EXHIBITED OarrsOg 01E7 TONI AT • ' 1" Liverpool, AND OTHER Exhibitions Grsat reduction. in prices to Th 3 Longford Wire Co., Limited, Warrington. uc WROOMS AT THE WORKS.

A GREAT "gamer. ASTHMA comournso Al-LAST. 'WI " • fletkiN • g 52'1: )'rl. tri— THE GREAT MEDICINAL cusz. A Boon, a Blessing, an Coed Ncws te ail sufferers from Astiimo„ Urtnchitis, Severe Colds, ITheeziness, Breath- lessness, and ail Bronct:ial and Pulmonary Affections. RAS/vi is nut a vap,,lr for •^". Ina. medik,h.al 1.1 Illf{e. 4, A.., WI IS the only genulte (i..;:,• `^bla, Bronchitis, Severe Co, W c!ni!, i,eitthieiiecess,ac. Suffergu N 110111,1,14, lo+.• Jii). I,7ii,ilg na.t I'M 11/ fl.n ,11L 11.411,!m0x,n,1,50,1L0tn.a t;!;.:,

R.PLI.LWAA TIME T knit E DECESIBER FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge--f 10,7 40 8 28,10 20,11 35, 1 25, 255, 5 535, 7C. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altoar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Suniays 936 2 5,8 55. a Stops if regnirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 53 23, 7 10,10 20, 120, 1 25 25, 5 20, 720. Sundays 2 58. 10 10, anondays excepted. b Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 958, 11 55, 1253, 3 13, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529545, 835. 965, 11 50, 1 65, 4 50, 6 28, 850 Sundays 843,68. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 956,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 6 28,8 50,9 43. Sundays 843. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 :5,9 19,10 20.1040,52 1444 28.a6 43, a 7 17, , a 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,6 15.7 57, p.m.a Saturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37 am, 5 29,5 45.11 50. 12 25, 1. 55, 6 28. Sun- ' days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 . 4 22,5 11,6 4. 7 44, 10 14, 1132. SundaysB 44,7 45.11 32. Collins Green-7 5. 810, 925, 10 10, 12 7. 1 55,3 40, 520, , 633,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 5030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 5323, 710, 9 50, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 520, 6 22,7 20,11 34. Sundays 258,10 15; 5,11 35.a3londays excepted. bblondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958. 11 55,12 20, 1255. 411, 50, 6 c. 5, 1152. Sundays 515 p.m. Barlestom n-7 5,8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10,110, 127, 12 25, 155, 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 2 20, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 848,240.50. Frodsharn-7 37. 95, 1023. 1225. 2 20, 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 67. 531. 95.12 0 18, 216. 40, 70. 80. 6940. dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 955. 11 25, 2 39,37 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. clasgow-2 37. 529, 956, 11 50, 1225, 1 65, .5 60. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. _ tiolberue-5 45, 7 6,8 35, 110, 1225, 1 55,3 50, 520, 7 17 9 65. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 757. 831, 95. a 9 30, 120, 18, 215, 40. 60, 70. 80, 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 11 25, am, 9 18, aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. lrlain and Cadishead (Central)-7 03 55, 82, 7 10, 915. oundays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15. 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. Latonford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90, 9 56 LU 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 22. 3 38.,4 11.5 18, 6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 927 Sundays 850. 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 Sc, 5 10, 532. 75, 8 10, 835 9 g 5, 11 0, 12 7, 1225, 1 15, 5 20, 78; 740, 10 30. Sundays 35, 510, 530, 835, 843, 6 10, 60, 954. From High Level Platform. allondays excepted. pool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 615, 10 9 55. 320,520.617,80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50 11Ltii3vv'eer1rpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95. 10 24, 120, 13, 1 8,2 15, 40. 6 18. 70,8 0, 59 4J 10 25 1046, 11 39 Sundays 9 .1,9 55,11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18,10 33, bexcepti Saturdays. Lougon (L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 950, 12 0, 2 5, 520, 622, 11 34. undays 258, 10 L 5, 45, 11 35,5.510ndays wicepted. &Mondays only. Loudon (Midland)---6 1, 846, 958, 12 55, & 0,6 55, 11 52 , SundaYs 9 67 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lyaprn-6 20.7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 , 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613. 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 6 12. aSatat days only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 23, 7 55, 830.8 57,9 55, 1346 1 11. 3 35, 49, 610, 7 5, 925.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 35,8 10, 11 40. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 23 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0, 9 68.10 49, 1 14, 3 38. 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, '9'2, 955 1055, 11 23,11 65, 1265. 155, 255, 3 55, 455, 555, 8 55 715. 755, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, 965, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18, 9 35. 10 O. Middlewich-7 40, 1023. 2 556, 5 355,7 20.5 Saturdays only. Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 60, 8 10 8 35,9 19,925,10 20,10 40,10 55,11 0,12 14,12 25.1 15.1 55,3 30 3 48, 4 21,5 20, 6 537 57,9 20, 950, 1030. Sundays 3 10. 74 8 43, a,m.. 3 35, 60.60. 7 47,9 54, aldondays only, cMon days excepted, I'adgate-7 0, 7 55,8 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44,2 40 3 55.528,7 10, 812,9 15. Sundays 855, 10 14, 347, 5159 35 Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 46,8 35. 955. 11 50, 12 25, 3 50. 450, 625, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 954. aSaturdays only 11unc0rn-7 38,8 25,9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 O. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 756, 95, 108. 115. 12 041 8, 2 15, 2 58, 4 0,5 29. 60, 7 0. 80, 9 2), 39 SO, 510 25. LO 46, Sundays 90, 11 25. 2 39, 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. sSaturdays only. cllondays only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -846, 1055, 1255, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, St.Helens-5 32, 75, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10. 11 0, 127, 12 25, 3 40.5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40.9 25,10 30. Sundays 835.8 43,6 0. 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 10, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 3 19, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.a2 22, ,1 338, 411, 6 18, 613. 78a? 45. 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. la Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. ' Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -755, 95 106, 11 5, 120, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39.9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9,1/ 53, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 46, 2 40, 80. WiBan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 6,8 30,9 56,11 0.11 50, 12 25,1 55, 33, 3 56, 4 50, 5 20. 6 28, 7 17.8 50. 9 45,9 55. Sunday, 2 37. 843. 3 35, 60. 9 55, TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45.15 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, 20, 830 Sundays 7115, 442. Altcar and aillhouse-1 8, 7 18, 829, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. 3: N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 5 50,9 10, 12 25, 2 0 7 25, Sundays 11. 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850. 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 45 6 50.1010 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 40, 11 19. 514 a - ept Mondays. Blackburn--8 30,10 48,12 35, 3 47, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80, 1 47, 540, 8 10, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-4 7, 8 3,8 45. 955. 1035, 11 40, 1 40, 3 15.4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 725. 135. 512, 735, Blacknool (Central) -65, 7 25,7 55, 3 25, 855, to 10,10 20 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 L 0,4 58,5 5, 6 50, 515, 108 Sundays 710, 1 15, 417,8 4). Bolton-5 45, 755. 83), 9 40. 10 30, 12 30. 2 15,4 15, 510, 5 55,7 25, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 68, 925 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 7 33, Sundays 12 5 a.m... 4 30, 8 41, 1250 p.m. Chester-2 32a.7 85,8 45, 9 40, 1012,10 50,11 40, 1. 50, 2 10, 3 0,3 5, a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635,7 35. 810. Sundays 2 32, 4 35, 6 30, 6 56, (Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 1024. 11 21. 14, 1 43, 22, 3 10,4 6,5 35,6 23.7 47, 9 6:10 46. Sundays 8 10. a.m rewe- 2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 2135, 415. 545 640. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 710, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. Daresbury -8 16, 1017, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 721, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 .5,40, 4 17,7 5 8 6, aIZ 35, 535. Sundays 730, 6 18, 855, ,s 35. aSxcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 1 6, 3 11. 5 51, 6 38, 6 30, 7 33, 83 915, 1162. Sundays 8 33, '3 62, 10 0, 7 18. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 12 24, 29, 327, 5 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2. 2 57, 62. Frodsharl-7 55, 9 1, 10 1, 1111, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 831 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Liues)-7 32, 8 0, 90. 950. 1040, 10 48 120, 1286. 211. 35, 4 66, 69, 555, 657, 124 93, Sundays 8 23. 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 854. Glasgow -a9 5, 1010. 2 1, 5 55. Sundays 550, 9 6,a3londays excepted. Golhorue-6 44, 226. 10 12. 12 23.2 41. 441, 5 33,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 9 40, 75. Bough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 1055. 19, 153, 222 3 19, 5 10, 525, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 18. SundaysB 37. 9 20, 3 25, 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlain and Cadishead (Central) -953, 55, 8 60, 11 20 unday s 1059. 6 53, 8 40, 100. Latchtord-8 14. 840. 934 102. 13. 17, 123. al. 45. 2 1.3 30,4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Suudays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bliaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 35.6 0,7 50.8 0,9 25.11 53 15. 1 20, .3 20, 4 25, 4 sOt 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sundays 10 7 30,9 20. 6 30,8 40 slondays only. Via Widnes 623, 620, 95, 950, 12 30, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520. 55. 8 30, 10 45. Sundays? 35, 2 10. 7 15. 10 45. L.verpool (Central)-5 60. 630, 710 7 40. 833. 933, 10 20, 10 33, 11 15, 1235. 185. 2 35, 4 40, 45). 6 33, 6 35, 75, 80, 840, aal 45, 511 0. Sundays 80. 90, 2 30. 250, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33, aSaturdays only. 58attuday5 excepted. London (L. tit 6L-W.)-10 0, 120 5 15, 7 10, 12 15, 2 15, 415,530,14 (Smuilditiny(silL2sol.s, aitaBtu. ild2aov, nzigol,it o4noty.. 1. a 9 15. 12 0, min ays 120, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm -8 7 , 5.32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, 1 ii, al 37, 25, 2 5), 4 14, 55 33, 5 L 9, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, ill 9. Sundays a 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. Alsnchester (L Ss N.-W.)-6 33,7 23, 7 55, 9 28, 1038, 12 33. 5, 3 43,a5 8, 5 23, 68. 7 10, 90. Sundays, 7 34, 1 44, 634 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Bead. Manchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50, 9. 25, 10 35, 12 35 , 5. 20. 343, 55 5, b 20, 65, 75, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 30 1 40, 15a1urdccy5 excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 3), a 9 5, 9 30. 9 35,10 30, 10 35,11 30. 1230. 1245, 1 3). 2 30, 330. 430,4 48 500.8 31), 6 38,7 30, 8 30.8 33. 9 55, 1 0. a 1035, 150. Sun- days 830. 9 10,9 30, 3040,1 40. 25, 6 35, 820 940. aSatur- day. s,only. Muidlewlch-6 48,2 42, 66. Moore-6 56.96. 11 14,12 17,3 40,5 0,7 33.9nnclays.8 19,4 62 New ton 6 55. 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 1022, ii 2, 11 30 12 48. 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 730 55, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 32 3?. 4't. 458. 5 10, 5 35. Sundays 8 3), 949, 10 0, 3 43. 7 20, 11 5. Psdgate 748,826,90. 106 1 9,210. 3 12a, 5 18s 7 3,9 25. Sundays 853. 11 20, 232.9 12, 1013. Freston 29, 4 5,5 50,a6 25, 8 15. 95 9 26, 10 10,11 23, 1215, 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 45, 6 45, 7 27, 8 30, 9 45, 11 O. Sundays 2 tl, 46, 835, 30, 610, 10 47. 2 36. a Mondays excepted. Stone, ru 6 33, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30. 1 25, 32, 440 541, 6 30, 8 10. Bankey-6 53 7 56, g 3), 925, 1020. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 136 2 45, 3 41, 4 ,35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 1 50 40, 5 7, 9 28. thtfileld- 825. 11 5. 1 15, 55, 70. Sundays. 8 10, 65. ..t lfelens-6 33. 8 42, 11 23. 125, 2 45, 430, 6 50, 827, Suniii, 7 7 45, 26, 7 25. Southport-8 5, 1020. 11 15,12 50, 2 10, 250, 355,70, 810 95, 9 40. Sundays, 9C,20, 8 0. Thelwftll-8 10, 836. 930. 988, 1113, 1 15, 1 41. 2 9, 2 00, 4 18, 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45, 937, 1123. Sundays, 3 19, 2 29, 7 20. Widnes(Cheshlre Lines)-8 20, 915. 10 10. 11 12. 12 25, 12 2, 1 30, 3 25, 4 25, 6 29, 6 12, 716. 7 53, 9 2 1 42, a Sea. dar 842, 333, 50, 9 10. 920, a Saturdays only Whines (L. & N W.)-7 5, 8 56, 933. 1033. 12 16. 12 59 22,320,353.50, 656, 646, 96, , 116, Sundays, Bc4, 2 50 , 7 54, 11 6. Wigan -6 33,8 15. 9 52,10 0. 1112 15,1 45,2 30,4 30,5 20 25i 75. 9 0, 1.3 35. Sundays, 2 39, 655. 11 13. NOTE On Christmas Day the Trains will run as appoin- ted fi r sundays, with certain additions, and on Bank Milli ay el( toi4y. i'e ember 26th, a nuniter us the O eel-day naists w.lss si.ls_r.V'U.

POSTAL liFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON, LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter elle be poet e with Ordinary Postage, and with an, Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Heisby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 6-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton. Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ha 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-33 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Non huraberland, and Town Delivery , 11-30 a.m.—London. 5.-Eatern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewo, Slid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.--Chester. Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londo., and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristo Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth. Yorkshire, Mancheste s.East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhich Nantwieh and Sanobach 2-45 p.m. —Frodshatn, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Wie...aes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey '3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Healey 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.na.—Manehester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterboroueh. East Lincolnshire, wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land. 5.45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6.15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9_30 p.M.—Preston, West Cumberland Lilarimol,Birkenhead, Orskirk, Isle of Man, end Scotlanel 10.30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. AU Parts —lO-45, extra Halt penny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign ...ettera and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. . EAELESIOWN AND NEWTON., HEAD OFFICB nigh-st., Newton POSTMASTER bir James Jordan Hours of {Week-days. 7 a.m. to 9 pan. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Tele.raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p n. ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 1015 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m„ and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICIIES. Showing the ti eto which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Ordinary ! MAILS. Extra Postage. _ 5-0 a.m.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Heiens, Southport, and S h Wales ... Ashton-inatakerfield,Earlestowil, Golborne, Lowton .fc Winwiok Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Nlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING MUSE, Sun-Omese, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS I

-- D WORLD7FAMED ____7______ , xr ........•...„.., ~.::.:,. ..,,,,,„ ~..,,, .„,,. ,s,„ si., ~,,,,,,:, ILA .....- THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. , --- "We have seen hosts of letters front people who have received greet benefit from the use of Clarke Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost conficlenco recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood fruits ell Impurities, from whatener (suse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin Riad floor Diseases, Pimples, and Sores pf all kinds, its effects are mazy )lot's. It is the only real aileelfto for Gout and ttheurna 11c Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each or all Chemiats. S-nit for 33 or 132 stamns by Pro- pript,,ri. L'NCOL V AND Atli' L k.,N I) C.'izt •:14F.:3 DItUGI 1 t..0.1.1P.in: LI ..ICi., L 7. Be .:,,tle ...r: ',V :Atli:. ss imb.a.i:ms. I

._ , i' ) ' ,A y . . i,,, ,- ..•.. . : .. ' . c ni Bi 1` / \ / EfoRE yiNk OUR-" ____l ,i-I _I ~),V,/ J. .1 J . J . 1 ~ * - . . _ 1 14 ~ . • , • n ' '' ' ' ' •' - , . .. Ni , s ._ _ - „_E----:-7iF_ , '. ifORES . c..".t 1411111 INSIN k ' 1 - WEST KENSINGTON LONOON W. ; -- , - I), famich will. BE SENT OOST FREE ON APPLICATION. •

LAST FOUR DAYS FOR ENTRIES. NESTLE'S 'XMAS PRIZES.

NESTLE'S 'XMAS PRIZES. Last •ur • ays.

. 75,„ ..9. Fig&' e on Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

Mn who are weOr and tired of takin, :Nauseous aid MYS- TERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PußrckE ouo.t to write ti the 'Pt eician, in confidence. and full nr iou- lats will 139 sent FREE ,te to how all Quo s of NERVOUS DEBILI fY ,LOSS OF VIGOUR, WASTING a3dALLIED WEAK- NESSE:cs.O h,7SITUCESSFULLY and PERMANENTLY CURED. —Send thnp d addre,spd FitacrelopP so COLLINS CO., 9. Erskin,-,trer, Liverpcol, Please mention paper. . .

-Jr=4, ?mantis:o'n 9 °'7')/11seeIteta TEAS' (.3.163 (V2r4l64laSt. CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIRE MAGIC IN BELIEVItie ALL PAIN AND THRODDINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It 'Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, cry a box, you will never regret it. • Boxes, 1 ill. of all Chemists. M BEETHAM & soy, Chemists, CHELTEtIHAM.

RE GREAT REMEDY. alji At. I litS „Gousr pILL re-srt GOUT, fI.IEUIATSt. SCIATICA,. LTIRBAGO The 'Excruciating Pain• is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists aud Stores at Is. lid. and Es. 9d. per box.

pIANos.O PE PIENTSAANOS'. VED. PI 5R C PURCHASE DIRECT FROM THE ABSOLUTE MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTEED NOR 20 YVIARS FRoso 10e CAoll Usually Sold at 1231. et Much Greater Reductions on Higher Chases. SAVE YOUR MONEY BY TRADING DIRECT. PIANOS at WHOLESILE PRICES Direct from the Factory by the leading and Well known Firm of BISHOP AND SONS. LIMI ED• . • 13ELMONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER suattEr, LONDON, W. BRANCH SHOW-ROOMS- -287. GaAvs INN ROAD. KING'S CROSS, LONDON• , • --- Medals and Highest, Awards at all the Leading Internati,oal Exhibitions. OUR PIANOS ARE WELL KNOWN IN EVERY TOWN IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. Designs of hicher classes at equally low prices on application. EASY TERMS of PAYMENT MAY BE ARRANGED. Securely racked and Dcliver,d to any part of the United Ringdom. Buy Direct and Save tbe heavy ProBts of the Middleman. cuch iticihties have never beton-. heen offered the Public. Write for Price List and Full Drawings. E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED. HEAD OFFICE AND WORKS— BEL IIONT STREFT. CHALK FARM, LONDON, N.W. RSTABLuiii ED 1862. Telegraphic Address--. ARCHBISHOP LONDON.,'

.1 . W ::11 14 A ffl fa 4-,,,;1 E i4Rs, •.t.. CIMEIS BRONCIIITIS, ESTHEYIS., INFLUENZA, Trf ..,,r 9, rf C041:1),52 GOIAS C01(`:) 'k " 1 (1111-1 . ) 1..., ..., .......,u.,. v,..).t.,, , ....... . , 4.0 CHIIPPETE) HAVEDS, CriaBLAILTE, ECU:Z.7IY, 8:13. IT IS INVALUABLY, IN THY. TREITMENT OF Stifr faclant-5.7, Sp lena. -1.7.,. a 5 ..73v-z-i., ns, St.; a;Lca 37 amla EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. manufactured oniy :,,t, 7S, I'm Gmford Street, co razi sold by o.il. Chemists and Medicina Vendor& •

THE REV. F. AND MRS, SLATER'S DEPARTURE. Toe Rev. Francis Slater, M.A., who has left War- rington this week to take charge of the parish of St. Chad's, Over, preached his farewell sermon in St. James' Church, Latchford. on Sunday evening, to a very large congregation. On Monday evening the rev. gentleman and Mrs. Slater, had several handsome presentations made to them,Mrs. Slater receiving a gold bracelet,she and her husband a purl coat lining £B2, and the Vicar a beautifully illuminated address. The presentations were made on behalf of numeroui parishioners and personal friends by the Vicar's warden (sir. C. S. Burgess). The Vicar, who spoke under deep emotion, suitably replied, and a very interesting musical programme was gone through.

To Mora ERS.—Mrs. Wilmslow's" Soothing Syrup hasbe n for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chit dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. ft is pleasant to taste ; it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child frompain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of al chemists Is. 30. per bottle.—Advt.

TUB FAMOUS L. AND Y. TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCO. THE SWEETEST AND COOLEST SMOKE ON BARTH, ' IN loz. AND:2Oz. FOIL, 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK, 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE DREYFUS CASE. TWENTY PERSONS INJURED AT A MEETING. MARSEILLES, THURSDAY. M. de Pressense gave a lecture here yesterday on the Dreyfus affair. The meeting proved to be of a very dis iderly character. A series of affrays took plane, in the course ot which twenty persons were injured, none of them, however, seriously. Several arrests were made. The meeting ultimately adopted a resolution de- mending the abandonment of the proceedings against , Colonel Piequart and the abolition of the court mar- tial. 1 A DESTRUCTIVE CYCLONE. ROME, THURSDAY. A destructive cyclone has caused great damage in the neighbourhood of Pauli Pirri, in Sardinia, About 3o- houses were blown down. Several people ware killed and injured. THE MAD MULLAH. A REPORTED BAT TLE. BOMBAY, THURSDAY. According to intelligence from Coakdara, the Mad Mullah was attaelesd on tee 5 ti inst by the Nawab of Dies troops. Ewa side is rep,rtel to have los; 33 killed in the affair. The latest BOW 3 moans Mallah in the Shamezia couetry, 20 miles up the river, THE QUEEN AND THE SERDA.R'S FUND. The Qeeen has sent the Lord Mayor of London 250 guineas as a donation to theS rdar's fund for the Gordon Memorial College. Tte fund ana mute i on Wednesday to £91,000---only £9,000 short of toe amodat required. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The weather report for the Norte-west of E ieland up to noon to-day is as follows —North-westerly winds, backing later to the south ; fine at first, then cloudy, with some rain. AN INDUSTRIOUS JUDGE. Mr. Justice Hawkins, wile is in his e'ghty-third year, and who has been engaged for nearly a fortnight in die. posing of a very heavy cal ender at Kent Aisiz 34, did not rise fro n the court col Wednesday nicht until eleven o'clock, having sat for thirteen h ours with only a break of twenty minutes fr luacheon. THE LONDONIAN'S CREW. The crew of the Londonian, who were supposed to b 3 lost, are safe. A CYCLIST KILLED. Wednesday,as a cyclist was coming from Waling. ton-street. Londe°. his machine skid led and threw the rider, a man about 20 years of age, under an omnibus. The wheels passed over his neck. HS was taken to King's College Respite!, but oa arrival was found to be dead. FATALITIES ON THE RAILWAY. At Barnsley, on Wednesday nicht, George Newbury, nineteen, plateplayer, Barnsley, son of a ganger em- ployed by the Midland Railway Comp Lay, died at Beckett Hospital, Barnsley, from frightful injuries re. ceived by being knocked down wad ran over. Early yesterday morning the body of Arthur DaWllOl, platelayer, of Kirkham, was found in a mutilated con- dition on the line between K'rkeata and Sal wick. It is supposed he was signalling to a train on the fast up line when he was cut down by an express on the down line.

No MEDICINE F3II THE CURE OF ASTHMA., CONSUMPTION, COUGHS, AND BRGNCIIITIS was ever attended with such speedy and unfailing success as DR. L3COCK'S Pam/soma WAFERS. In every newspaper and perindical may be seen testimonials of their wonderful effiaacy. Nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's rest. In hysterical and heart comp(aints they are unfailing, in rheurnaac and ner- vous pains" they act like a charm." To sinvors and publio speakers they are invaluable for clearing and strengthening the voice. They taste pleasantly. Price Is. lid., 2s. 6,1-. 45. 6d. and us, per box. Sold by all medicine vendors.—! Advt. (6). FOR EIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. 'TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may b -1L arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. EETEL Each patient informed beforehand the cost of work required. TILETR. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendant., TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,00 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. P ARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER....... MOSLEY-STREET. (Telephone 1660), LIVERPOOL —....-.....-.........5, BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2156) ST. HELENS .-. . .0 EORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 am. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STEEET. TL ESDAY, 2 p.m. WARRINGTON SANK El-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ....... BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH APPL E M A RKET-STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 2. _ _

MARRIAGE. ROBERTS —A.PPLEToN.—November 25th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev, Canon Willis, John Ellis Roberta to Margaret Eleanor Appleton. DEATHS. • I'll,l,nm/ix—November 24, at Bostock-street, Warrington. Walter Palfreman, aged 71 years. JOLLEY—November 25, at Eldon-street, Warrington, Mary Jolley, aged 55 years. OLMlAN—November 25, at Sharp-street, W.rrington, Joseph Oldham, aged 76 years. HAYES—November 24, at Silver-street, Warrington, Jame Hayes, aged 42 years. JCEES—November 27, at Lilford-street, Warrin;ton, Bliss Jukes, aged 77 years Mclirmov—November 29, at Foundry-street. Warrington. Stephen McElroy, aged 50 years. RUNCORN. FORSTER.-2nd last, at 5, iSlason-street, Runcorn,Sarah, wifS of Mr. John Forster, aged 47 years. KNIGHT.-3rd i hat, at 8. Norfolk-street, Eliza, dauzhter of Mr. Thomas Knight, aged 15 months. BRowN.-3rd bast, at 1.6, Irwell-lane, Lena, daughter of Mr. Charles Frederick Brown, aged 7 weeks. EVANB.-sth inst, at 48, Surrey-street, Arthur, son of I.lr. Thomas Evans, aged 7 weeks. Of RAVENSCROFT.-sth last, at 58, Ciwdor-street, 501:1 Mr. Ralph Ravenscroft aged 3 months. WATSON.-6th Inst. at 30, Egerton-street. Samuel, infant sal of Mr. Samuel Watson aged 1 month. ELLIS-7th inst • at 33, Loek-streot, John Thomas, son a Mr. William Ellia, aged 2 years. BIGNALL-6th inst., at 25, Vivian Place, George, on of 111 r. Isaac 13 gnall, aged 8 months. KEWLEY —4th inst., at 9, Peel-street, Margaret Mary. ilzfOi daughter of Mr. James Edward Kewley. 12 PICKERING-7th lost., at Heath-road, Weston, Samuel, so Mr. William Pickering, aged 3 months.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINUTON (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, , MARBLE MASONS, V., 1 Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Monumente.Toolbk• Marble, ancs Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING TIONUAIENTS A SPECIALTY.
