===== 0002601_18990630_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CASII OR CREDIT

DELIVERED FREE FOR 15 MILES. 395 AND 411 MERSEY STREET.

WARRINGTON.

CORPOEATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- C STER. CONCENTRA rED MANURE lade from Slaughter-tiuuse and Marketßefuse

Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., belivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. O Special price over 100 miles. PP.V strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indocr and Estates Super- inttrident, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrinclnrn Mr. a, H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7,1 r

===== 0002601_18990630_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
NTENIIING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, 130 S .A. TON, PHILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND skould take tieketa at the LOWEST RATES at ejOHN VV ALKER AND CO., ADELAIDEs,TRAIEELsBOfrUomLNLEIVERarnod SYDNEY OL. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
9 • ..-.7) t ( , i SPRING CLEANING. , , ~.. I HAVE YOUR WINDOWS CLEANED , , • .. AND OUT-BUILDINGS LIME-WASHED 0mmie5....... .. . t -......-..., -........- • 44•-.,,,, . . - . N... C 1 n 11 011 k-- OR TARRED i3Y THE WARRINGTON , %hi:- .. •., . ...:. ' . . . „. . - Pis •,, Q 1....,,( , '-.•s' < . . .., .c ; f?'..., „ _ , . - . . '''':' 4+ l'ir, :: , ~ •, "• 1) ' t .401411; , -,,„ .-,.., : ' ...,,' ' '... (... 411111 ', 1 " • I 01 ' ' . '''' (4 WINDOW-CLEANING CO., 59, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. ' "'"l..:' „ I( 41111-,,,;.. -X _ A I

WE UNDERTAKE ALL RISKS.

TRUSTWORTHY MEN ONLY EMPLOYED.

FIRID11:Y, JUNE 30, 1899.

ESTIMATES FREE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIV AVE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may bit arranged TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bath pa zient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the a

of Nitrous Oxide.

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST Hy BxAm.) MANCHESTER.- MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1666).

L1VERP00L........-

_:......,:,5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS .-...—_.___...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN RIDOE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON -ANHEY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, 2 ;o 5.

RONCORN,-._._....._.-31. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH.---18, A.PPLEMARK ET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

UNDER THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD, BOOTS.

ILLI AM LIN:

Manufacturer of BILLIARD BALLS, and dealer in all BILLIARD ACCESSORIES.

BOWLING QBBEN BOWLS and all kinds of GAMES Foa PIRLOITE. Musa, at Pinnace.

Tables Recovered and Repaired.

[Estimates given.!

'DEHILL,

CHESTER.

YEARS.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1055.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

BY OST I IS. 7%d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. is gd. per Quarter credi

===== 0002601_18990630_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
HALLIWELL.

DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN TELE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SRO.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable aIIHA.ND-MAD E SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on Fusgu. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, wall finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in She pocket, "FOR PIP SHILLINGS." This wat chi% timedto a minntA, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. MIo watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at mine price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SENSATION OF '99• FIRST GRADR £lo 10 0 (8.8. A. and Palmer Tvres). POPULAR' BEE" £B 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., lA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue..and FresslOpiniona Post Free.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
rr NION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 183 e. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. Ac.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s, 9d. £5O SOs. 19 £3 se. ed. £lOO ..400. £6 16s, Od, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
rdKniature BILLIARD

BAGATELLB BOARDS. Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chess, Draughts, Quoits, Puff and Darts. Skittles, &a.

38, S:

===== 0002601_18990630_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLII

NIAN 1

IHED NEARLY FT

TOBACCO, CIGARS,

CIGARETTES,

• ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STHHHT, MANOHBSTBR. Bstablished 65 Years.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Oyanuner " gp trits

OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS, Comprises THE Warrington and Ali t-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Barkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... Es. Oct 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 31. Oct. 38 ls. Od. ... Es. 6d. ... 4s. Oct. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... 51. Od. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Oct. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise inent Inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD,

Sin Sheet sft. Sin. byPft. 91n.

TN r LtRGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONdruli PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the " LEYIATHAN" SHEETS'. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARO-R TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAAMOTH POSTE LS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POS rims.

A SPHCIALITY.

SPECIALITY: ENVELOPES 2s. P 3 R 1,000.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. 6 6 EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY,

AND ECONOMICALLY

BOOKBINDING, AND

LITHOGRAPHY.

ACCOUNT BOOBS RULED, PRINTED and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS. DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, BBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE

RRNOWNF.D FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLurani, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION. TOWLE'S CHLOE ODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. ItC. TOWLE'S C HLORODY E 130. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLZ MANCSESTKII.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18990630_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGAL PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS USED.

MANLY MEN, Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH BIEDICIIIB or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : " I cannot find words to express bow thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.— G F.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LIMOS. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. . Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, UNRIVALLED KILLER OF __

UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER. OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Bold only in tins. 3d., Ed., and Is. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

At the Aldershot Review, it was noticed, as at Ken- sington. some time since, that the Queen appeared greatly fatigutd towards the close of the ceremony. That she is becoming more and more unable to bear excite- ment of any sort, is now an indisputable fact, and the most sanguine ameng us can scarcely hope that our beloved Sovereign will much longer be able to come amen'? us, as of yore. On the occasion of the Review, Her Majesty was most b comingly attired and lo3ked an ideal old lady. Tufts of white feathers appeared in her bonnet, and a lovely white shawl was drawn loosely ever be shoulders. A toilette of this description suits the Queen infinitely better than one of all black, to which she has clung se long. Her Majesty still continues to take considerable interest in the Home Farm at Frogmore, and frequently eaoses inquiries to be made as to the state of the crops. With regard to fruit, the Sovereign's crop of cherries is, it appears, rather above the average. There is likely to be also, an adequate supply of plums of all desceiptions, and the pears promise to do well. As each description of fruit ripens, a dish is placed upon the Royal table,and its presence is pointed out to the Queen• By the way, a new fruit—the coral berry—which is shortly to arrive in our markets, is said to be a grea3 improvement upon our cherry. The fruit is produced in California, and on a bush in great abundance. It is enclosed in a burr until it begins to ripen then the burr opens and exposes the berry. In colour it is fiery crimson, hence its name. It possesses, so say those who have tasted it, a delicious flavour, unlike any other fruit known. _ . _

The birth of yet another daughter to the Czar and Czarina, is a huge disappointment to many concerned. A son and heir has been so ardently longed for and it seems just a little hard that each of the three children born to this illustrous pair should have been of the feminine persuasion. Marriage does not seem to have improved the young and lovely Empress of all the Russias. She is growing colder and haughtier as time goes on, and is very unlike the sweet little Princess of Darmstadt days, the pet and darling of the family. The Russian Imperial Family is the richest of all Royal houses. Apart from his salary as ruler, which amounts to two and a half millions yearly, the Czar as head of the house of Romanoffs, owns more than £200,000 per annum. A fourth ot this is paid in allow- ances, to Grand Dukes and Duchesees,but the remainder is at the disposal of the Czar. The Hapsburgs, Royal House of Austria, are very little if any poorer. They own immense landed estates, and have also inherited lar:e privat3 fortunes. The Hohenzollerns possess a private income of nearly a million per annum, and the Italian Royal Family have a private income of £600,000 a year. Our own Royal Family is by far the poorest of the great ruling houses. London has seldom witness d a more splendid gather- ing th,an that which graced the opening of the Interna- tional C,-.nress of Women. It has been said of the seri- ous minded woman that she is invariably a dowdy, far from fascinating creature in appearance, but the " "assemblage in Convocation Hall proves this par- ticular accusation to be undeserved to a degree. It was a serious assembly in every sense of the word, tut the toilettes en evidence were of the smartest description,and the ancient rusty frock, old battered bonnet, and dis- hevelled head, supposed always to accompany the clever, intellectual individual was nowhere to be seen. Lady Marjorie Gordon, the only daughter of the Speaker—Lady Aberdeen—is deeply interested in the Congress, and has proved of the greatest possible use to her mother this year. During her father Vice-Royalty in Canada, Lady Marjorie became quite a leader among Canadian girls and was well known and greatly liked from one end of the Dominion to the other. She is an accomplished tobogganist and skater and a good hockey player. She is also a fair shot, a good swimmer, and a fearless horswoman.

The numerous bazaars that have taken place in Lon- don this season have been truly brilliant functions. Moreover they have proved highly successful from a financial point of view, and this is probably due to the more sensible method of offering useful articles for sale instead of rubbish. Those of us who patronise a bazaar nowadays can venture forth securs in the knowledge that even if we have to pay heavily, we shall at least get things we can make use of. Silver ware, jewellery, glass,china,wearing apparel, pictuies,and even furniture are to be had at the bazaar fashionable. Much has been said—in the way of abuse—from time to time, about the morning wrapper, but like many other things in this world, the wrapper is a blessing if its use is not abused. For instance, in emergencies, and in times of ill-health, when one has to keep one's room, this article of attire is very desirable. Bnt, when it takes, with regularity, the place of a neat morning gown, and is, as is generally the case, accompanied by an untidy head, and down at heal shoes, then truly the wrapper is a most objfctionable garment. A woman should be neatness and cleanliness itself.

Purses and handkerchit fs grow smaller and smaller. Tbe former is attached to a small chain, which passes round the neck and bangs almost to the waist, and the latter is disposed of in divers ways. Some women insist on a miniature pocket, wherein to stow this scrap of cambric and lace, others prefer a little bag, hung by ribbon, or a gold and jewelled chain, from the waist belt, and ethers again dispense with both and stow the handkerchief away in their sleeve. No dressmaker builds a pocket unless compelled to do so, as even the smallest possible ruins the hang of the present skirt. Preference is still given to Swedish gloves for all dress occasions, and almond and biscuit, are much favoured. For riding and driving, and cycling, buckskin and dog skin gauntlet gloves are sold, in large quantities, and for general wear, deep shades of mahogany, nasturtium, golden tan and brown. To those who invest in light coloured gloves, a wooden hand is a necessity. By slipp- ing the gloves on to this, and going over the soiled places with very soft artist's indiarubber, it is possible to keep them presentable a considerable time. There is no need to have a pair of hands, one, provided e; ith an adjustable thumb, is sufficient. Ostrich feathers are always a pretty trimming for a hat but they are anything but inexpensive wear when one has to send them to be cleared frequently. Here is a recipe whereby this end may be accomplished at home Cut small four ounces of white soap, and dissolve in four pints of rather hot water. This solution must be made into a lather, and then the feathers can be put in and clapped softly between the bands for five or six minutes. Next they must be rinsed in hot water, then shaken till dry. Now for the recurling. Take an ivory or metal paper knife, and go over the feather spray, starting from the point and working down. The spray must he stretched out over the knife blade, edge up,and this edge must be smartly though carefully drawn along the upper aide of the spray till it curls up tightly. Repeat the process till the whale feather is curled._

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18990630_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

TITER .A PION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan. Jobet,' Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto emplaved for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pans and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MB. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.C.

For Rearly 20 years

DR. DAVIS'

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

have been universally arlmitted to be A BOON TO; WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Anwmia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression. Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments.

BOXBII, 90., Is. lid., 2s. 941 and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Dn. DAVIS, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

LADIRS.

LADIES.

Air, RS. SCHAFFER-BENNYON, the Eminent Lady .1.7.1 Specialist in all Female Complaints, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is the only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost imme- diately and does not interfere with household duties. Guaran- teed harmless. Send at once stamped addressed envelope for full par- ticulars and most convincing Testimonials (GUARANTRICD GENTIINB ITNDFR PAMALTY OF 21.000). to Mils. t:CHAFFER BENNYON, 3, High Holborn, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S PILLS.

EADIVB pima. All who suffer from Gout ox Rheumatism stonld immediately EALB's piLLs. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S piLLs. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADB s piLLs. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vex y EADE'S PILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in

their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-creslent Dewsbury. road, Leeds, May 2nd. 1894. jit‘ HE U H ATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unhounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS hi Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMATISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yeurPills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHE UMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have twi the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have bees all right again RHE UMATI SA directly. I WOULD NOT Bls, WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you lik.9 of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tu answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). tong you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. 1141. and 21. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD, E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain 'RADII'S GOUT AND rIHEU biATIC PILLS. EADE S PILLS

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER ' OFFICE,

335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, 86c., ac. _ _ LAMES SATCHELS, PURSES, _

and a Good Variety of other 'Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL

ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

W OMEN'S AIL SI ENTS. IRREGULARITIBS, ac.,—A Lady, having tried in vain every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act In a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it, FREE OF CHARGE by enclosing stamped env•r•lope. Don't experiment with Werth.- less Pills, Ifixturx• -ones, and other injurious nostrums' Write at OWE tn full HOPE AND CORP DENCE to Ws. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane London

LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKS, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complaints. has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is he only nositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every case. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars had most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1,000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, 60, Bradgate-road. Catford, London S.E.

S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REAIEDY ! ! For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion.

BAIRD'S BILIOUS

AND LIVER PILLS.

Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRICE is. BOOTS Reduced Price nd. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 35. BRID4E-STRBET, 5, BRIDGE- STREET. AND MARKET-GATR. STOCKPORT :-26, BRIDGE-oTREBT BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREET liccLEs :-58, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREET. CHESTER :-28, EASTGATE ROW and 30, EASTGATE- STREET.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FR.

OUR CATALOGUE OF MAZEPPA CYCLES

Large stock of new and secondhand Machines. EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LISTS.

MAZEPPA CYCLE CON, Scotland Road, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR Nmixi, Amongst the many favourite combinations In millinery which I have noticed during the past week have been those of a now shade of yellow called old straw and white, silvery grey and lettuce green, sea-foam green and mauve, bright red and deep purple, and fawn and gold. Hats are trimmed of every conceivable flower, except of course the very large ones. I have lately seen a pro- fusion of poppies mixed with cornflower. Roses we have always with us, and the present season is proving that they are by no means likely yet to go out of fashion. Marguerites are extensively worn just now. A good many woodland flowers are also noticeable including the foxglove. In fact I do not think that you will be making a mistake if you wear any kind of flower under the sun. The hate must also be trimmed with any light and airy material. I ought also to say that flowers are being worn underneath the brim. Large-brimmed hats are fashionable.

Bodices are now if anything plainer, bat still very dainty. They are for the most part similar to the skirt in the matter of material and in every case of a very light material. The necessity for this is very apparent in the warmth of the weather we are now enduring. Still, although a trifle warm it is very acceptable. But to return to bodices. I saw one the other day of a very charm- ing material. The material was grey poplin rather full at the junction with the waste band. The front of the garment across the chest and under the throat was of braided silk, the edge lined with lace trimming.

Many of the old fashioned materials are coming back into fashion once more. This is certainly the case with many of the muslins. A Swiss muslin, our grandmothers' favourite and the conventional garb of all heroines of old-fashioned novels, has come to the front again after a long seasoit of neglect, and this year it occupies the first rank among summer materials. Charming gowns of it are to be seen, and not only in white, but in laven- der, violet, pink, and all bright and delicate shades. Valenciennes or thread lace, either white, cream, or black, is the favourite trimming, and wonder- fully complicated arrangements are made with narrow insertions.

Grass lawns seem to have vanished almost un- accountably, and no doubt that you still miss the pretty cr6pons, for nothing has quite taken their place. There are, however, many cotton fabrics with plain surfaces, and they are made up as morn- ing dresses with contrasting bands stitched with white. Almost all the skirts are either corded or tucked. Hair lines and tiny white spots, how- ever, relieve some of the washing fabrics, and tucks do not look well on them. Drill and duck are admirable for boating and tennis, and instead of being only procurable in white, buff, and blue, are made in pink and lemon colour, so that it is possible even to wear a skirt of this strong fabric and a muslin blouse. Many muslin dresses have such long and elaborate skirts that, though worn in the broad light of common day, they look much more suitable for evening or garden party attire.

I saw the other day a very charming tennis dress. It was of fancy printed muslin, with raised spots on the ground, and a rosebud design all over it. At the bottom of the skirt were double frills of muslin, and the bodice opened over a vest of gauged white chiffon. The transparent folded revers are of the muslin, trimmed with insertions and edgings of white lace, and the sleeves, which are of gathered muslin, have soft puff frills of chtflon at the wrist.

Muslin dresses must be flowing—they cannot be made skin-tight. The new skirts have conferred a great blessing upon the world at large; they have abolished the hideous placket-hole, leaving in its stead a stretched surface, whose severe lines are disastrous to many figures. But some dress- makers actually insist upon slipping a placket. hole into this seamless skirt, with what results may batter be imagined than described. Moral— let all your skirts fasten on the side ; it is prettier and more practical. I am afraid most of us do not know how to make good tea. I have heard that in China, tea is prepared in the same cup in which it is drunk. Boiling water is poured into the cup, which con- tains a good pinch of tea. It is at once covered with a saucer and the infusion is regarded as made when the leaves are at the bottom of the cup. The tea should be taken boiling hot, and the Chinese have a way of drinking it without raising the saucer. When one is fatigued a cup of boiling tea strengthens and refreshes more than any. thipg.

Your loving JENrim

Y CLES I CYCLES k) For Ladies and Gentle men, "ROYAL AJAX" are finest value. Carriage paid. 30 per cent cheaper than else- where. Immense Stock, New and Secondhand. BAIFY fEßus Fnom 10s. Morrirti.

OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. 1899 ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Large Cyclealdirig

School. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO-, 45, EVEPTON-BOAD, LIVSRPOOL. City Branch: ,30 ELLIOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. _

Telephone 113 Antleld.

--TOBACOONlSTEr'Comniencing• Bee Illustrzted Quid (269 pages) 3d. Tobac °nista' Outfitting Co, 186, Buston-road London. Hairdressers fitted.—Manager, H. 311,740.._

_ .7 "dilXiti‘fs -• . A

.... ._\ 4:" griOr :f I .r- ~.". •474;,,,,,... -9, . , -.-,..° - ',-, A / 1 0//r1 ' ,/ 4,?1.; 1,.P.: / , .."4"/4":'''. , • - 2//,i ' /,):4;"'-iti, f -Ck '.g,4 .- - ,

esits*''' V. A 1 li, / / / / 1 I ,fi i A ' t4,e'c / ... /' ' , ' ' ' , 1 /,' rOl/4,.,\ /,, v., lIV /

, , . •, A''*'4 • • - : ta•J Z. 4 • ' . ... • . 1 451 ' . , ' ' ....,7, / 2. p. ~' , :"c- -.M' . Ni , ..... ' 7.g. -...r..: , 1:: ; -ez—t-.7 '. , -..--.-,- ... / it i, , ~,,, ~,,,, ..,.. /,////,-,-•,, ,;;.5.., ~. ._.- it,:-' :::. :-- ,' : A . filk ',;: Ok \ / . a ~, yy :..-.. s 0 il 1 \ tielf4S7U, hi./1 1 ;. I\-t-- ' ' .:,..11...itir.4.-...c.:, r ~,,- ' :.' ~-.r1,0"4" ,1, , -..- . ::-„„ -...... _ PliNbi , ~ (711///11# t 41,./,,ii / \ .1 .1.0;;.,1, sii;if..•.,l'os At \ . ':.l;z4',, ,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST DELICIOUS LEMONADE

Eiffel Tower Lemonade is made from the finest lemons and the great advantage is that it is partly manufactured in Italy in the midst of the ltmon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the trees to the factory to com- mence their transformation into Eiffel Tower Lemonade. A 4id bottle of Eiffel Tower Lemonade makes 2 gallons of delicious Lemonade. If you cannot get it from your Grocer, seed 4id to G. Foster Clarke and Co., 3796 Eiffel Tower Factory, Maidstone, for a bottle.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1899

(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_18990630_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOCKING DEATH OF A WARRINGTON DRIVER.

INQUEST AT NANTWICH WORKUOUSE. FIVE PINTS OF BEER.

Mr. J. C. Bate, Coroner, held an inquest at the Nant- wich Workhouse on Monday, on the body of Richard Gernon, late driver in the employ of Messrs. Maginn Bros., Warrington, and residing at 245, Liverpool-road, Warrington. Mr. H. Hinde was foreman of the jury. Margaret Gernon, wife of the deceased, stated that her husband left home at eight o'clock on Wednesdap morning, and she did not see him again until Wed- nesday night, after be had met with the accident. He told her he had fallen off the van. He was 29 years of age. Matthew Brown, warehouseman, in the employ of Mr. John Maginn, stated he accompanied the deceased with an empty furniture van to fetch a load of furni- ture from Wbitchurch. They left Warrington at ten minutes to six o'clock, and arrived at Minshull Vernon at ten o'clock, when the accident occurred. They drove three horses abreast, and deceased and witness sat on the driver's seat on the top of tho vehicle. The horses came down the hill near Minshull Church at a trot, and when they reached the level road the deceased and witness changed places, the latter taking the reins. A minute or so afterwards the deceased fell on the road. —The Coronor : Why did you take the reins ? Wit- ness : Beeause the deceased was incapable of driving. He bad had some beer.—What caused him to fall ? He had some drink, and I expect that was the reason. I can think of no other reason.—Where did you get the drink? We got it on the road coming.—Was he sober when he left Warrington ? He was right enough as far as I could tell. Witness, continuing, stated that they had a pint of beer each at Stratton. At Acton Bridge they had another pint of beer each, At Weaverham the deceased bad two pinta. and witness a glass of beer. That was only a mile from their previous stopping place. At Over deceased had another pint of beer, and witness another glass. He did not think he was the worse for drink when he got to Over.—The Coroner: When did you think he was in- capable of driving P—Witness : When we were coming down the hill at Church Minshull. He let the horses go and did not seem to care how they went.—The Coroner: Tbe van was empty. Did not you suggest that he should en inside ? Witness : Ne, I did not think that he was that tad. In answer to further questions,witnesa stated that the deceased did not object to his taking the reins, He fell head foremost off the van. He did not think the wheels passed over the deceased. He pulled the van up. and carried the deceased to the side of the road. He called for assistance, and Mr. F. Davies, of Minshull Mills brought a light. The deceased was conveyed to the public house, and a surgeon from Crewe was sent for. The deceased was brought to the Nantwich Work- house on the following morning. In answer to the foreman of the jury witness said he considered that he was capable of driving, although he had drink, until he got to Minshull.—Mr. Daniels: It must have been very evident that a man who had five pints of beer was not all right. Dr. Charles Lawe, of Crewe, stated that he attended the deceased at Church Minshull on Wednesday evening. He was suffering from an extensive scalp wound about six inches long. The skull was stripped for a width of four or five inches. The deceased was not unconscious, but was suffering from shock. He dressed the wounds, and ereered his removal to the Nantwich Workhouse the next morning as early as possible, There was no fracture of the skull or spine, but the shock had rendered the pulse extremely weak. The wounds had evidently been caused by a fall, as they were lacerated. He could not swear the deceased was the worse for drink when he saw him, as brandy had been administered. He gave him the impression that he was intoxicated by his thick utterances.

Nurse Green stated that the deemed was admitted into the infirmary at half-past nine o'clock on Thursday morning, and he died at four o'clock on Friday morning. He had been attended by Dr. Mauro. the surgeon of the house.

Dr. Lowe, in answer to the jury, said that Brown was perfectly sober when be called to see the deceased on Wednesday night. The Coroner said they would not have the slightest trouble in coming to a conclusion as to how the deceased met with his death. It was beyond doubt that he had so much drink that he could not keep his seat on the van, and in falling sustainei the injuries which resulted fatally. There was no blame to be attached to anyone. They could not blame the young man Brown, because he did not get drunk, and even if he had, they could not have attached any b'ame to him. With regard to serv- iug the man with drirk, when he bad sufficient, it was a case for the police to inquire into, and not for the jury. Undoubtedly the police would make inquiries. P.C. Hindley stated that he had made inquiries as to the condition of Brown, and ascertained that he was quite sober at the time of the accident.—A verdict of " Accidental death" was returned.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWEL DISORDERS

Antiseptic, soothing, healing, ANGIER'S PETRO. LEUM EMULSION is of special value in disorders of the stomach and bowels. It checks fermenta- tion, cleanses away foul mucus, soothes and heals inflammation, and leaves the digestive organs in a healthy condition to perform their functions naturally. Medical men prescribe it for Chronic Indigestion, Gastric Catarrh and Ulcer, Chronic Diarrhcea and Dysentery, etc.; also for all wasting diseases of children.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGIER'S , Petroleum EMULSION

is pleasant to take, and even in the hottest weather agrees with the most delicate stomach. GAIITION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained from particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage.

The Angier Chemical Co., Lid., 32 Snow Ha, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COMPETITION. NEWTON v. LEIGH RAILWAY. At Wigan on Saturday. Score : NEWTON. LEIGH RAILWAY. 3 Lennox H Ho!croft A Clough - Ward J McCormick G H Lyons • 2l J Harrison l6 T Fairolough l4 T Grundy It Turner 3 Cameron l5 3 Baines 0 Gorse A Fairclough It Westwell T Davies l3 J Greenhaigh 2l

211 Majority for Leigh 23. EARLESTOWN v. CREWE. Earlestown on Saturday. Score

_ EARLESTOWN. CREWE, G Butler l5 H Taylor l2 A Haste l5 F Acton J Mitchell J Barlow l5 J Warburton. J Bedworth P Caldwell l5 J Higson 9 R Smith l4 D Johnson l5 S Thompson T Mather W Raves l5 W Morgan 8 J McAtee G Arnold H Stanton l5 F Wilkinson.

193 102 Majority for Brriestovvn 91. The visitors were afterwards entertained to tea at the Viaduct Inn.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
PEERLESS

POLISHING

PASTE.

THE BEST METAL POLISH.

BRIDLE & Co., SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEAFARERS :1

A MODERN ROMANCE.

BY JOHN BLOUNDELLE-BI7RTON, Author of "Fortune's my Foe," "The Scourge of God," "Across the Salt Seas," "The Clash of Arms," "In the Day of Adversity," "A Gen- tleman Adventurer," "His Own Enemy,* "Denounced," &c.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXIII. "THE TIGER DID THAT ! "

When the sun began to drop towards where Africa lay, afar-off and invisible, and when, because of the dense foliage which crowned the elopes of the island that rose behind them, that portion where they were was rapidly becoming shaded from its bunting rays, Stephen Charke said that the time had come for him to think of making his tour of the place, or, at least, of accomplishing a part of it. The air, it is true, still resembled that which one feels when they have approached too near to a furnace or, for a further simile, have. descended into the engine-room of a steamer. Yet, now, there would be no danger of sunstroke, and the expedition, such as it was, might very well. be undertaken.

"My idea is," Charke said, "to begin now, this afternoon, by starting to the left and going on along the shore until lam nearly opposite this place on the other side of the island; then I will come back here, crossing it, and to-morrow do the same thing with the other . side. That way there will not be much left unexplored by to-morrow evening. What do you think ? " "I think," Bella answered, "that you are the most unselfish, heroic man I ever knew. Ah! Mr. Charke," she continued, "I know very well why you are doing this, why you are going to make this journey round the island. It is to satisfy me, it is for my sake. If you were alone here you would never do it, but occupy yourself only on thoughts of how to get away, and--" "No," he said, "no. Had I been the only person who got ashore from the wreck I should, as a sailor, as a comrade of the others, have deemed it my duty to make a thorough search through the island ere I,Look steps to quit it. I shall have, as the survivor of the Emperor of the Moon, to make a report—" "I understand," she said quietly. "I understand. Nothing that you can say will make me feel my obligations to you any the less." For Bella Waldron knew as well as Stephen Charke himself knew, that what she had just said was the absolute fact; knew that he was going to undertake this fresh toil—for toil it was, after all he had gone through, after his bruises and buffeting with the waves, and in this terrible torrid-zone heat—for her and on her account alone. Going to undertake it with the desire of easing her heart- and preventing her, in after years, from being able to reproach herself with having left the spot while any chance remained of there being one of those who were dear to her upon it. Also, she was perfectly aware that he did not for one moment believe—alas! how could he, a trained, intelligent seaman, believe ?—that there was any other soul left alive out of all those who had been in the ill-fated vessel when she struck on the rock. And, being thus unable to believe, could she regard him as aught else than that which, a moment before, she had termed him "a most unselfish, heroic man." Before he left her he asked if she would not partake of some of the tinned meats, or sardines, which he had managed to obtain from the upturned hold, but as the girl replied that it was far too hot to eat anything but the wild fruit growing in such profusion all around, and also that she was not hungry, he decided that he would not open one of the tins for himself. He, too, could do very well on what there was to their hands for the trouble of picking, since, here, in this tropical, steaming atmosphere, eating seemed scarcely a necessity of life ; while, if it were, then those glorious bananas whose golden and crimson hues merged so superbly into each other, were amply sufficient. But, also, he had another reason for not opening the preserved meat. The odour of it would—might—arouse the cub's desires, and, once aroused, they would possibly stir the animal almost to frenzy if ungratified. He rose now and prepared to set out, there being still two full hours of daylight left; two full hours ere the sun would be gone and the swift, dark night at once upon all around—the outcome of a dusky veil which the sun appears to fling behind it as it departs, and out of which emerges black obscurity, lit only by the burning silvery constellations. But, ere he went, he asked if she feared to be left alone for so long. "No," she replied, "no. Why should I? What is there to hurt me here? "

"There may be people on the island, all the same," he replied, even if they have not yet dis- covered our presence; although I do not think it likely." "Nor do I. If there were they would by now, in two days, have observed that "—and she pointed towards the wreck—"and have come down to it. We are alone," she concluded with a sigh. "There is no one else here but you and I." And, still again, she sighed. "Yes," he answered, understanding all that her words meant, all the heartbrokenness that they expressed. "Yes, we are alone; there are no others." After which he left her saying that, by dark, or very shortly afterwards, he would be back again. When he had departed, looking round once to wave his hand ere a bend of the shore hid him from her view—she noticing that, true to his sailor's instincts, he went down to the boat and inspected it, and then drew it up a little more on to the white-pebbled beach and made the painter more secure—she went, first, to the rivulet and cooled her face and hands and feet in it, and made some attempt at arranging her hair, using the stream as a mirror. Yet it was little enough that she could do in the way of a toilet, since she had nothing that would serve either as a comb or soap or towel. After which, feeling refreshed, never- theless, by this attempt, she returned to where she had been sitting and gazed out seaward, meditating deeply. "What an end," she murmured, as she did so, while from her eyes the tears flowed freely now—the more so because there was none to observe them— "what an end to all! Gilbert, who was to have been my husband, dead! Gilbert, whom I so loved with my whole heart and soul, dead! and lying beneath that ship. Oh Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert! my love, come back to me! And my poor uncle and; aunt, too. Oh God, what a disaster! What a disaster! " And now she wept piteously, so piteously that, if 3 that other man, he who had risked his own chances to save her as well as himself, could have seen her, the sight would have gone far to break his own heart. That other man! Ay! and her thoughts turned to him too. Almost unconsciously she found herself thinking of him, speculating on what his future would be. "He will never marry," she murmured. "I know it. Feel sure of it. It would be the idlest affectation to ignore his sentiments for me. Yet—yet—how sad, how mournful a life must his consequently be; no home to go to, no wife to welcome him, none to make him happy. Poor Mr. Charke. Poor Stephen. Our lots will be similar, we must be friends, always friends." Meanwhile, he was making his way along the beach, which was still shaded from the sun, it becoming, indeed, more and more so as he pro- gressed further round the island, away from the west. And every step which he took served only to confirm him in what he had believed, known from the first—the unlikelihood of there being any other person saved from the wreck: "Surely," he muttered to himself, "if he should have drifted ashore, it would have been here. The current sets this way, also the monsoon blows towards this island. Living or dead he would have come to this neighbourhood if he had come at all. The tiger did that and, doubtless--" He paused at those words, "The tiger did that!" and for a moment it seemed to him that his heart stood still. "The tiger did that! " Ay, but did it Was he wrong in his surmise, wrong in his deduction? Did the cub land here, or hereabouts? Reflecting, recalling the night before, the early dawn, when Bella shrieked to him and awoke him from a half slumber into which he had fallen, he recollected that the beast had sprung forth from the copse of orange and lemon trees that was to the right of the little spot they had been occupying, the spot where lie had waded ashore with the girl in his arms and where, after carrying her up far above the water-line, he had dropped senseless. It had sprung at them from the right side, was coming from the right; and it was not to be believed, was, indeed, beyond all belief, that it could previously have passed across where they were from the other side without having been noticed by one of them.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
especially Dy 13ella wtio was wide awaxe. %Nab coming from the sight; had, doubtless, therefore, got ashore, been cast ashore, to the right. And YA was seeking for signs on, had set out to the left! Had he, therefore; chosen the most unlikely place in which if, by the most remote chance, any human being should have been washed ashore, to discover them. -

"Shall Igo back, he mused," and begin again on the other side? Shall I? " Yet, as he meditated, he reflected that there would be little use in doing so; certainly little use in doing so to-day. An hour had now passed, or nearly so, since he quitted Bella; the sun he knew, since he could no longer see it, was sinking fast—over the whole of the rich, luxurious vegetation that stretched inland there was now the golden hue, the amber light that, in the tropics, follows after the dazzling, blinding, molten brilliancy of the noontide directly the sun is no longer vertically about the globe. Also, there was the odour of the coming night all 'bout him, of that period of the, declining day when, from every fruit and flower that has drooped through the hottest hours of the earlier portions of it, exudes the luscious, sickly scent that travellers know so well.

"No," he said to himself, "no. It would be little use to turn back now. To begin, again to- night! And—and," he murmured, thinking deeply as he did so, "even though he had been cast ashore, he could not now be alive. Blind—unable to see his way—to find any of all the fruit that grows here in such profusion, poor Bampfyld would succumb to starvation, even if the life had not been beaten out of him by the waves." It was of Gilbert Bampfyld alone that he thought, of him alone about whom he speculated, since, of all the others who had been in the Emperor of the Moon, he was the only one whose body could by any possibility have come ashore. They, those others, Pooley and his wife, were in the submerged cabin, no power on earth could have got them out of it; the men in the galley and the forecastle were in as equally bad a plight. Nothing could have saved them, nor even have released their bodies. But, as he thought of Gilbert Bampfyld, so he felt sure that he also must have perished, even though he was not thus below as those others had been. Still musing on all this, but with one other image ever present to his mind—the image of the woman he loved dishevelled and stormbeaten, but always beautiful—the woman of whom now he began to dream once more, to dream of winning for his own in some distant day—he went on along the beach, his eyes glancing everywhere around and near him. Into the wild, tangled vegetation, along the channels of the rivulet's courses, and sometimes fixed on the beach.

Suddenly he stopped, his heart quivering again, beating fast. At his feet there lay a sailor's rough jacket, with, a little farther off, a cap—a common, blue. flannel thing, such as the mercantile sailor buys for a few pence at a Ratcliffe Highway slop-shop. He stopped, glancing at them, not with that agitation which the greatest romancer who ever lived has depicted as clutching at Crusoe's heart when he saw the footmarks, but, instead, with a feeling of astonishment; yet a feeling of astonish- ment which, he told himself, he, a sailor, ought not to experience. "Do not all wrecks," he muttered, "send forth around them countless articles of debris, countless portions of the raffle that encumbers their decks? What more likely than that a sailor's jacket and a cap should have floated ashore ? " Then he stooped, and, feeling them, found they were thoroughly dry, so that they must have been ashore for some hours at least, since even the fierce sun of the now declining dity coul_cl not have dried them in leas time, all soallbd with water as they had been.

CHAPTER XXIV. BEATEN! D EFEATED !

"No," he said to Bella some time later, and when he had returned to her, "no other signs than these. Nothing," while as he spoke he pointed to the jacket and cap which lay at his feet. He had brought them with him after the discovery, thinking that perhaps they might be useful when the time came for them to set out in the quarter boat, as he fully imagined they would have to do, thereby to reach some other island.

"Yet," she whispered, "if they, if this animal, too," indicating Bengalee, who now, what with his being made prisoner by the rope and also by his long fasting, displayed a horrible state of nervous agitation, a state which frightened Bella and rendered even Charke very uneasy, "if they could be thrown ashore, why not others? Mr. Charke, do you think there is any hope ? " "I cannot buoy you up by saying that I do think so," he answered. "Yet be assured of one thing— you will know soon now. To--morrow, at the tirst sign of dawn, I set out to accomplish the inspection of the other half of the island. It is smaller even than I thought; it will not take long." And at daybreak he roused himself to carry out his undertaking, though, even as he rose from the warm, soft sand on which he had lain, he knew, he felt sure, that he was going on a bootless task. Again and again he had told himself, through the night, that, even though Gilbert Bampfyld's body had reached the island, it had never done so with life in it. Yet he would make sure for her sake and for his.

"Heaven bless you," she exclaimed from where she also rose as she saw him do so, and came towards him. "Heaven bless you. You spare. yourself no trouble nor fatigue on my account." "It is best," he answered, though scarcely know- ing what reply to make. "It is best that there should be no chance lost. If—if--" Then he held out his hand to her as he had not done before, and at once, after she had taken it, set out upon the remaining portion of his search. And, for some reason which he. perhaps, could not have explained to himself, he cast no last look back at her in the swift-coming daylight—gave no word of farewell as he had done on the previous afternoon. That daylight brought a little breeze with it which was cool and soft as it came off the ocean that, for some hours, had been free from the burn- ing rays of the sun; and Charke made his way along the beach now, glancing, as he had done during his search of yesterday, everywhere—into every spot wherein, if anyone, anything, had come ashore, it would probably have been cast. But as it had been when he proceeded towards the left, or south, so it was now as he went towards the right, or north end of the island. He found nothing, not even, this time, a rag of clothing or a spar from the ship. He observed, however, amongst other things of which his vigilant eyes took notice, that here the formation of the island was consider- ably different from what it had been on the southern side. There, as he made his way back 'inland to Bella, cutting across korn the eastern to the western shore, he had found the glades and groves almost flat, except for small knolls and little eminences on which, as everywhere else, there grew the long, deep-green grass, the docoa trees and tamarinds, and the flowering shrubs and bushes. But here, upon the side he was now following, all was. very different. Inland, he could perceive that the surface rose until it developed into quite high hills, and that those hills, forming into spurs as they ran down to the water's edge, created a number of little bays or coves, some of them being scarcely more than fifty yards in breadth. Also he perceived that on high, where the crests or summits of these spurs were, their sides were abrupt declivities resembling often the sheer sides of cliffs instead of sloping gradually and being covered by the deep emerald- green, velvety grass. Also they were white as cliffs —as those of Dover!—and, sometimes, as pre- cipitous. Huge masses, too, of fallen, crumbling rock lay tumbled together at their base and in the tiny valleys which they formed between them, giving thereby real signs either of some convulsion which had sometime or another taken place, or of their lack of solidity and insecure composition. "I shall have," Charke thought, "a mountainous, up-and-down kind of return journey if I go back to her inland. Yet it will cut off a good deal of the way and make it easier for me." He found as he progressed, however, that soon, if he wished to continue his inspection of the whole of the coast, he would, in any circumstances, have to continue his walk more or less inland, since now he could observe, by looking about, that the spurs ran quite out into the sea, so that they hid each little bay from its neighbour on either side of it. Consequently, if he wished to inspect the space between each, he would have to mount to their tops and thus peer down into the recesses that they formed. At present, however, there was no necee- sity for him to do this. Still looking, he saw that there were three more hays, or coves, which he could reach by walking between the feet of the spurs and the water, they stopping some yards short of the gentle surf which the morning breeze was raising. "Three," he said, "three. This one where I am now, the first; then two more. And after that I must ascend and gaze down. There will be no getting farther along the bank." So he entered the first cove, finding it as desolate and bare as the others into which he had glanced in his journey ; bare of everything, and with its

===== 0002601_18990630_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
white beam s vole or or au t otner objects man it* own stones Is though it had that morning been swept clean an elear. The second was the same,l except that here, upon its beach, there lay the long -ton shanks of ai anchor with one arm.. and 11114 upon it, the other gone. An anchor that, he kneW at a glance, had never been made in recent days-' that, by its quaint form,must be some centuries old. And, even as he continued his journey, he wondered how it had come there, and if, in long-forgotten and unnumbered years, some toilers of the sea had been flung ashore there, and whether this was all that had been left by time to hint at the story. Then he entered the third, and last, bay or cove which remained passable by the shoreway-s- -the last he would be able to inspect until he ascended to the cliffs above. As he did so he started—knew, felt, that beneatb his bronze and sunburn he had turned white-1 recognised that he was trembling with a faint,! nervous tremor. This cove to which he had penetrated was different from the previous ones; it ran back between the two spurs which formed ite walls until it merged into the wooded, grassy declivity that sloped down from above, and, at the foot of that declivity was more grass, forming s little carpeted ravine and, with growing on it, some of the island trees—orange trees, lemon trees, even bananas. And on the grass there lay a man. Dead or asleep! A man, fair-haired, clad in a white drill suit with brass buttons—they glistened now in the rays of the risen sun—the white uniform of the Royal Navy. A man who was Gilbert Bampfyld. His heart like ice within his breast—all was lost now, every :hope gone that, of late, he had once again begun to cherish!—Stephen Charke advanced to where that man lay, and, approaching noise- lessly, looked down on him. -Looked down and recognised that here was no sign of death or coming death; that he was sleeping peacefully and calmly, that he was rescued for the second time within the last month from a sudden doom. Also, he saw something else—observed that this man had recovered his sight. This he could not doubt. 'Near him was some fruit which he must have gathered recently. And he had pulled dowu. some of the branches of the trees which grew close by and had shedded them of their leaves, upon which he was now lying, they making an easier pallet than the grass alone would have done, while Charke perceived, also, that he had beeui fashioning a sturdy branch of the tamarind into s. stout stick. Doubtless, he had recovered his sighV through the shock of his immersion, when the ship heeled over. Strong, determined, masterful as Stephen Charles had been all through the disasters which had over- whelmed the Emperor of the Moon; brave and stalwart as he had shewn himself when, with none other left to command the doomed ship but him- self, he had hepled to furl and unfurl sails, to steer like any ordinary seaman at the wheel, and to endeavour manfully to hold her up and ward off instant destruction—he was beaten now. Beaten, defeated! Also, he felt suddenly feeble, so feeble that he was forced to sit down by the saved man's side, doing it, so quietly, that the other did not awaken. Beaten, defeated! Ay! and with nothing left of prospect in the future, nor ever any hope.' Nothing! nothing! nothing! What had he hoped? he found himself asking: what, in these last few days? What dreamt of f A home, a wife; perhaps, in the future, children waiting for his return, running to meet him and to beg for stories of the sea, of tempests surmounted, dangers passed. Now, there would never be any home, nor wife, nor children. Nothing! He had loved one woman fondly, madly; the one woman in all the world for him. Until ten minutes ago he had believed that, some day, he would win her. And now it was never to be. His home would be the miserable lodgings which the sailor ashore inhabits; his existence a long series of toiling across the seas in any ship wherein he could find employ- ment, first one then the other, for poor wages and without one gleam of sunshine to cheer him. What a life! And—and it had seemed only an hour ago that all was likely to be so different. She, Bella Waldron— his love—no, not his! never his now—was being drawn towards him, relied on him, trusted on him, and, henceforth, she would need him no more. This other had come back, would come back into her life again and—he would go out of it for ever. God! it was hard. His hand, as he lifted it in his agony and let it fall again, struck against something hard in his pocket. Thrusting it in-.) the pocket, he felt the sailor's knife there which he had found in the hold of the ship, and drew it forth, regarding it. It was a good knife, he found himself reflecting, a good knife. The man who owned it had kept it in excellent order, too, sharp and keen. How he must have railed at losing it. And he, Stephen, had found it! A good knife, long and stout-bladed, well pointed--a knife that would severe the stoutest cable or--! Men had been slain with worse weapons than this. A blow from it over the heart, under the left shoulder, and struck downwards—yes! such blows must be struck downwards, or otherwise they might fail—and a life could easily be taken. Easily—in a. moment. It was a good knife, he thought again. As he opened it and ran his finger along its tapering blade, and observed the thick solid back which that blade possessed, he could not but acknowledge this. The man who had owned it and lost it had paid money for that knife. This was no slop-shop thing bought of a thievish Whitechapel or Houndsditch Jew, who preyed on poor seamen. A good knife! He turned his head, and looked at Gilbert Bampfyld lying there, still sleeping and peacefully; looked at the man whom he had come out to seek for, and —had found! Found as he had never expected to do, never believed it possible he should do. Looked at him, recognising all that his being there meant, all that this third human existence on the island, where formerly there had been but two persons, meant to him; the ruin that it cast upon his hopes. And again he regarded the knife, holding it by the tip, weighing it, balancing it. It was a good knife, one that would strike hard and sure. And, as he so thought, he rose from his seat, went down to where the surf was beating violently now upon the beach, and flung the thing far off into the sea. Then he returned to the sleeping man, and, kneeling by his side, shook his arm gently,7sayingt "Come, Lieutenant Bampfyld. Cc met Wake up, rouse yourself." (To be continued.) IVIERSEY LODGE, ORDER OF DRUIDS.— PRESENTATION.

On Monday evening, the officers and members of the above lodge met together at their ledge-room, Bridge Inn, to present their late secretary, Brother Whit field, with a fr amedcertificate of merit, as a mark of their appreciation for his services during the last six months. The District Grand Master, S Packer; Deputy-Grand Master, C Bebbington ; Dis- trict Treasurer, S Dunbobbin ; District Secretary, D Houghton ; and District Auditors, Messrs. Wilson and Rigby were present.—P.N.G.A. Joseph Oxley spoke of the pleasure it gave the members to seo the district officers present,testifying to the esteem in which all held Bro Whitfield, and the pleasure it gave to all to show their appreciation of his ser- vices as secretary to the lodge since its inception. IHe asked the D.C.S. to make the presentation on behalf of the lodge.—The D C.S., in doing so, spoke of the splendid success Bro Whitfield had attained during the probationary time he had held the appointment, lie assured the meeting that he bad from the very day he asked him to take charge of the lodge the fullest confidence in the abilities of Bro Whitfield. The results had exceeded their ex- pectations, and it was a pleasure to see members of a new lodge so fully alive to that fact as to offer, him that beautiful illuminated emblem in token el their full sppreciat ion of his services. He askea Bro Whitfield to accept the gift in the same spirit which prompted them.—All the district officer 9 spoke in a similar strain and bore testimony to the great work accomplished by Bro Whitfield in 60 short a time.—Bro Whitfield in reply thanked the district officers for their presence, the D.C.S. for his very kind remarks in making the presentations 101 d the lodge officers and members for having cont buted to so handaome a testimonial, which 11,,•, should always value. Although the time for he was appointed to take charge of the lodge hr expired, he should always be ready to do all could to assist them, and in a special manner would keep closely in touch with Bro LOMEIX (ii successor), and help in making his duties as ligf: and as pleasant as possible. He thanked them lieu sincerely for their handsome presentation. To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soaking Syrup bas bee,,,err used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for st„,o children while teething with perfect success. It will reov'st the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child froft,l,r7,„ and the littio cherub awakes "as bright as a button." v Chemists Is lid per bottle. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. LARGEST, BEST, CHEAPEST.

From small beginnings this firm has built up a splendid rzputation with the public for supplying pure drugs of the best quality at re- formed pric.ls. BOOTS, CAsli CamasTs, 35, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

Is essentially a shareholders' company. Customers are share- holders and shareholders are customers --a judicious combina- tion.

BOOTS, CASH CHE3IIST3, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

Our immense turnover enables US to supply fresh drugs daily to all our branches—an important consideration where drugs are concerned.

BOOTS, CAsir CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STRBRT. WARRINGTON.

The most Improved and modern surgical appliances of all types at reasonable prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. 98, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

The Pirneers of reformed prices in the drug trade,

LOOTS, CASH CHF.MIBTS, 11-13, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERrOOL.

Physicians' Prescriptions pre- pared at all branches by chemists fully qualified under Pharma- eutical Society's examination.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. I, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

For Patent Medicines. Toilet Requisites. Household Remedies, .at their well-known Reduced Prices.

BOOTS, Cisu CaExusTs. 111, COUNTY-ROAD, WALTON, LIVERPOOL.

Our. Prices enable customers to use ths bast quality of Drugs, being in many cases less than tuts to be paid elsewhere for inferior kinds.

BOOTS, CASH CI FIEMI9T9. 203, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

El spent with us buys as much as 30s. or 40s. spent at an ordinary vld-fashioned;ehemist.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, 14. WEST DE-:EY-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

We go carefully through the etock at all branches at short Intervals, and any druzs that are not selling, or getting in any way 'polled, are withdrawn.

BOOTS, CASEI CREMIfiTB, 420, STANLEY-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

Compare our systom with that of the old-fashioned chemists, many of whom have had articles In stock for years and years. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, (WESTERN), LIMITED, HEAD OFFICE— OTTINGIHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIEI. PRIN rum FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTIAG FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, lOTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, OHN WALKER AND a, ARTISTIC PRINTERS

[wiurEi. White to move and win. " Somewhat unnatural in appearance, but other- se a neatly-constructed 'stroke.'"

SOLVERS' LIST.

Previous Problem Total score. No 37. Pts "C P," Warrington ........ 2 59 F Wright, Warrington ......54 2 56 S Tavlin, Warrington . —.46 2 48 J Lee, Warrington 2 42 W Rigby, Warringt0n.............40 2 42 W.Hewttt, 2 38

... A Hall, Warrington ....- 34 BDonaghy, Padgate ................-28 2 H Powell, Warrington .- 2B 2 T P Forbes, Warrington 'l6 2 E Ogden, Warrington..... .. 22 2 S Albiuson, Stock ton Heath... ._2O 2 G Rowe, IVarrington . ..... -. 18 2 T Rickers, Warrington ... lB 2 W Maskey, Warrington lB 2 J J Paden, Sankey Bridges 16 2 W Darlington, Penketh........_- 16 2 W E Kean.Warrington J Evans, Warrington 14 2 A Rutter, Warrington

34 30 30 28

_ , J W Plinston,Warrington .........12 12 D Phaeton, Warrington .........12 12 J Green, 'Warrington ...............10 2 12 A Banner, Warrington ...... ...... 8 0 .., 10 G Lowe, Warrington ... . 8 8 "B J P" Warrington_ ---- 2 2 4 R Mercer, Pacigate - 2 2

J R Grieve, irarrington J Ross, Penketh 2 2 NOTICH. —Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this competition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 55., instead of the cash prize by notifying the Draughts Editor.

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. The following trap occurs in the " Switcher " game as follows:- 11-15 8-11 9-14 4-8 15-24 (a)11-17 26-23 18— 9 27-24 28-19 9 -13 6 9 5-14 2 6(b)(c)11-15 23-18 25-21 24-20 24-19 forms positioa on diagram Int. I

iwaims.3 White to move and win. 23-16 22 -18 18 2 2- 4 30-23 15 -24 12-26 13-22 24-23 W wins. (a) Forms the opening known as Switeher, and was a groat favourite with the late James Wyllie. (b) Losing move 6-9 etc draws. (e) This position can also be broaght up prom the Old F our- teentti game as follows :- 11-15 (d) 4- 8 6- 9 5-14 15-24 23-19 25-22 25-13 26-23 28-19 8-11 9-13 9-14 2- 6 (e)11-15 22-17 27-23 18- 9 24-20 (d) Forms the opening known es the " Old F3urteenth." (e) Forms position on diagram above.

ACK _ '7-1 r .g ; •r , / Nur A 9/1 / ,„ (;) A A • -"Jr! • r, C.D CD CD \ /- „ •

===== 0002601_18990630_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWS OF THE GAME.

The Manchester" Evening Chronicle "states that a match is likely to be arringed shortly, between Mr. A. llynd, the Lancashire Champion, and Mr. H. Freedman, the 6cottish Champion, for a reasonable) stake.

A meeting of the Executive of the Midland , Counties Draughts League was held on Monday evening, tee 19th instant. Tne Chairman (Mr. H. Bodfish) laid before the meeting the correspond- ence that had passed between the secretaries of the Hanley and Nottingham Draughts Clubs and him- self in reference to the" tie " in the final round of the Midland Counties Championship. It was claimed by the Norte players that, owing to the failure of the Hanley team to fulfil their engagement to play on Whit Monday, at Nottingham, they were entitled to have the match awarded to them. Letters were also read from Mr. Taft (captain), and Mr. Bell (secretary), of the Hanley Club, expressing regret at their failure to get a team to visit Nottingham at such short notice,and leaving the matter entirely in the hands of the Executive. The general feeling was one of regret that it should be found necessary in the first year of the League to have to adjudicate between two teams so evenly matched, and whose meeting in the final tie had resulted in such a splendid contest. However, it was too late to ar- range another match, oven if Nottingham had not claimed the match by default, and eventually, after considerable discussion, the following resolution was adopted " That as Hanley had accepted the Whitsuntide ciate at six days' notice, and had failed to keep their appointment (for the second time), the Nw tingham Draughts Club be declared holders of the "Birmingham Weekly Post" Cup for the season 1898-99; and that the secretary be instructed to forward such resolution to the secretaries of each club."

THE "EDINBURGH" OPENING.—Tne "Edinburgh" openina cerrainiv cloa4 !Int load ro a tronq szame

===== 0002601_18990630_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

, P PS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

THE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1899.

for the first player, but to state it is a loss is , absurdity itself. Yet we know of two members of the English International team who held that opinion, which they have not accompanied, bow- ever,.by any figures. It is not the first time that doubt has been cast on the soundness of well-known openings by players who are supposed to know better Mr. W. Beattie,when annotating the games for this paper, played in the Eng,dish National Tournament 0f11835, referred to the "Double Corner" as" an exceptionally weak opening "for Biack,and deprecated its adoption in important contests ; yet, several years later. he did not hesitate to nominate the opening in his match against Searigh t,of Glasgow evidently having re-considered his former opening. —"Manchester Weekly Times."

SINGULAR AFFAIR AT LIVERPOOL.

In a quiet sqnare approached from Duks-street,Liver- pool, there is at pr sent living a family whese affairs have heoome a matter of more than local interest. Flora Inman, a daughter of the house, ha I aroused the atten- tion of people generally content to mind their own busi, .ness. She was a young girl of exeeedingly bright nature, with a lively disposition, a ready toneue, quick in re- partee, and a hearty laugh eager to babble out on any provocation. Miss Inman was knewu and Idred, and when trouble fell on her from an unexpectcd source quick sympathy wet out from all. How would she take the blow? A more sympathetic beart than was suspeetei lay under the gay and laughing exterior. Her friends missed toe old cheeriness, and " Florrie is worry- ing "was the word passed round. Soon it became ap- parent that the" worts'" was bting deep. The girl was sinking. She beaame paler °eery day, and the neighbours who saw her, rememberieg what her old self was, noticed the change with dismay. For over a year she existed apparently on the verge of the grave, and the expectation was that the cutting winds of February would soon banish from sight the pale and haggard face of the suffering girl. But in the teeth of the incle- ment weather there was a sudden change for the better. To the astonishment of all, Florrie was about again. But here the story had better proceed from the inside view.

MISS FLORA INMAN. (From a Photograph bu Mr. Simpson, Liverpool). Acting on instructions, the writer saw the young lady and her mother. The erstwhile snff rer was lively and jolly enough, anl a question of identity had first to be settled. The young lady admitted that she was MiS3 Flora Inman, of 5, Kent-square. Liverpool. " You should have seen her two months ago," Mrs. Inman remarked. "You would not believe it was the same girl." " What was th? matter ?" the reporter asked. "I don't know and the doctors didn't know. She simply got weak and emacisted ; nothing would stay ore her stomach. I tried her with everything we could think of aisd then called in a doctor. He ordered soda and new milk, but that did no good. Then I took her to a specialist, but he didn't do any perceptible good. I said to him, This is slow work." Yes,' he said, ' it's a long, lingering case." But what's the matter ?' I said. He replied, We call it green sickqeas ; it's very common among girls of her class. She hasn't an ounce of good red blood in her body." "Well, she got no better. She had port wine, claret, malt, b,ef tea—everythinz ; but got weaker than ever. At last she took to her bed, and was too weak to help herself at all. Her face was no different from the sheet, and sometimes I had to li.ten to her breathing, to see whether she was alive or not. She looked like a person a few hours from death.

Here the daughter herself put in a graphic word, " I felt as if I was dying ; it is an awful feeling." " Many curious remedies" the mother continued, "were reconamenned by friends. None of them gave the slightest relief. Thee in 'Tit-Bits,' that a gentleman had left in the house, I read about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for pale people. What I read exactly fitted my daughter's case. It might have been describing her very self. Off I went to the chemist and got a box. She took one of Dr. Williams' pink pills far pale people thee times a day for a week, and even in that short time she looked different. Her eyes got brighter—they had a yellow cast before—and she got stronger. I got another box and gave her two of Dr. Williams' pink pills three times a day, and she got stronger and stronger. Well, she took four boxes alto- gether, and now she's Cure 1, and to think of the money I spent on doctors and their stuff ! The club collector, when he called last month, said he hoped I would net be going up to the affirm, and look at her now! It's nothing but Dr. Williams' pink pills that set her on her feet, and I shall always say so." " I suppose," I nut in here. " you will not object to my publishit:q this ?"—" Na," Mrs. Inman said earnestly ; "it may do pod to some ono whose . daughter nas been Flerrie here, and the more people that know it the bett.r." 4. yen can tell all the world." Miss Inman added, " that if it hadn't been for Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people I should have been gone now." Her mother slipped away for a moment to try to find a photograph at my requestond in her absence I plucked up courage to ask the young lady her age. She was 17.

A VISIT TO PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL. --- LBy "QUILP Penketh Friends', School justly occupies an honoured place amongst the educational in4itutions of Warrington and district. At this echool many of Warrington's most useful sons have spent their boyhood, and the private Friends' School of Mr. Edmondson's at Penketh which preceded it at the beginnine of the century, will ever be remembered as the alace where John Bright, the great orator, was a pupil. Quietly and unostentatiously,education of a thoroughly practical kind combined with sound religious and moral training has been given in the present premises since 1834. It was to this institu- tion that I journeyed awheel a few days ago with the object of gaining furteer information respect- ing it. A straight run along the mein road through Great Sankey as far as Stocks-lane brings you to within a few yards of the school build- ings. It is somewhat difficult at first so deter- mine whether the school is really in Great Sankey or Penketh, but it appears Penkeli has it by a few yards. With little or no pretensions to architec- tural adornment this educational home lies snugly , nestled behind a clump of trees a short distance from the highway. Here amid rural surrc endings which must appeal to all lovers of nature some 80 boys and girls are gathered together and ale being prepared for the great battle of life which they are shortly to seriously enter upon. On approaching the school the sound of piano music met my ears and this led me to the conclu- sion that the objections of the Society of Friends to'musie are not so seriously upheld as was once I i the case. This opinion received verities tion in the fact that music is now taught to pupils as a special subject and is taken up by many of the girls. The headmaster is Mr. Albert Pollard, 8.A., who has occupied the posi- tion for a little over six years. lie is a model schoolmaster, and not only knows but takes a deep interest in every pupil. It was of him that I learned something of the school, but before settling down to talk I made an inspection of the preoaisess in company with Ars. Pollard, who discharges the onerous duties of housekeeper. Accommodation is provided for 50 boys and 30 girls, and that is about the number at present housed in the institution. The visitor is at once struck with the splendid arrangements made for the comfort and benefit of the children. The physical development of the boys and girls is paid special attention to, every facility being afforded for exercise and oatoor amusements. There are two asphalted playgrounds, and an extensive field recently enlarged to eight acres providing accommodation for cricket,hockey,tennis and other popular gomee. A regular series of cricket and football matches, and annual athletic sports serve to maintain among the scholars a high standard of interest in these pursuits. In addition there is an open-air swimming bath which is taken full advantage of by the boys in the sum- mer months. The girls too, freely indulge in vigorous exercise. Cricket and tennis are engaged ia during summer and hockey in winter. Matches are arranged with other schools and last year the hockey team acquitted itself very creditably. In cricket the girls,l learned, are not so proficient and perhaps this is not to be wondered at when one consideres the physical strain necessary to become a good cricketer. The boys are provided with a changing room where their clothes and boots can be dried, and a change of clothing made before and after every game. Near to is a well-equipped gymnasium fitted up and furnished by Mr. Linsley of Warrington, in which both boys and girls receive systematic in- struction. Mention should also be made of the bicycle stables where about a score of boys and girls' machines are housed. Combined runs are oc- casionally made on Saturday evenings. With so many provisions for athleticexercise it may reason- ably be anticipated that the school will at, least produce some good athletes. The children are the picture of health and happiness and in endeavour- ing to secure sound minds in healthy bodies the committee are pursuing an enlightened policy. We have yet to visit the schoolrooms and dormi- tories, and as room after room is cursorily surveyed one cannot help being struck with the cleanliness and brightness of the whole surroundings. Large and well-lighted rooms; heated throughout by hot water pipes and ventilated in the best possible manner, the comfort of the children is assured at all seasons of the year. A museum and a reference library of standard works are placed at the disposal of pupils in the first class, and there are alio two natural histery rooms where the collections of the boys connected with the Field Club are stored. The ' dormitories are under the control of the Matron and excellent arrangements prevail for dealing with clothing. There are also a " matron's room "for , slight eases of illness, and a sanatorium, known as the Friends' School Day Nurseries, a short distance from the school where ixisolation is obtained in , cases of infectious disease. Fortunately the latter 'is seldom made use of. Both Mr. and Mrs. Pollard very willingly gave me particulars as to the education given and the work of the school generally. The school is ealried on by a committee of the Society of Friends of South Lancashire, and although primarily intended for the children of those connec- ted with Friends, others are admitted. Some of the boys,Mr. Pollard informed me,were sons of farmers ' . in Lancashire and Cheshire. The course of studies comprises all the ordinary subjects of a thorough English education. Tne staff includes the head- master, four male assistants, and four female assis- tants, a matron and housekeeper. It was interest- ing to find that the boys and girls were taught to- gether in the four classes into which the school is divided. The senior class is again divided into two sections. the upper section being prepared for the First Class College of Preceptors exeminatiort. Very satisfactory results are obtained by mixed classes, the girls acquitting themselves quite as well as the boys, except perhaps in such subjects as men- suration. Broadly speaking, the aim of the teachers is rather the development of sound character and general intelligence than the mere acquisition of knowledge. The latter is regarded as a means rather than an end. French is the only foreign language taught throughout the school but it is intended to add German at no distant date. Special care is taken with the pronunciation of French, and a number of the more advenced pupils carry on a correspon- dence with bar; in France. Taere is alse an op- tional class for Latin. Mr. F. Hudson of the Widnes Technical School, is in charge of the manual training in the use of wood-working tools, and a special workshop has been provided for this part of the school curri- culum. Boys of a practical tuen of mind anxious to make bo ' ekcases boxes, Sec., in their leisure time are assisted by a skilled cabinet maker who attends the workshop at stated periods. The pupils profitably spend their leisure time in various pursuits which the master and teachers foster. For instance there is a very successful Field Club. The boys connected with it take rambles to various parts in company with the Head Master, and return with flowers and plants or some- times moths and beetles. In this way the boys obtain instruction in botany and entomology,and the specimens obtained are shown at the Annual Exhi- bition. The girls are encouraged to engage in painting and fancy work. The lecture room, which ' is large enough to contain the whole school at once, is used for lessons in chemistry, and occasionally for lantern lectures. Mr. Thompson, of Liverpool, has visited the school on several occasions and shown some of his finest photographic work, whilst others have lectured on their travels, and quite recently Miss Ellen Robinson described her visit to the Peace Conference at the Hague. Mention must be made of the Association Foot- ball Tournament in which the boys take a great in- terest. Captains are appointed and these officious gentlemen choose teams of six-aside. They compete in turn on the "knock-out" principle, and the mem- bers of the winning team have their names in- scribed on a roll of frame or rather on a mount sur- rounding a picture of the school. For this honour many a stern struggle is witnessed on the football field. Ilonours of a far different hind are the ex- hibitions or scholarships of the value of £2O and £l5 respectively, which are now awarded annually on the results of the Christmas examinations. This

is a new feature, and the first scholarship has yet to be won.

In these days when so much is being talked about religious education in schools it is refreshing to know of a school where sound religious instruction is given without enclosing it in some obnoxious creed. The committee of the Society of Friends fully recognise that there is a field for religious teaching but teach nothing of the nature of a creed. All the scholars, whatever denomination they be- long to, invariably attend the Friends' Meeting for worship on Sunday morning. In additions to this, times are set apart on Sunday evening, and one evening in the middle of the week, which afford opportunity for brief addresses on right conduct, with special reference to the needs of school life.

Reverting to the time when John Bright, was a pupil at Mr Edclondson's Private Friends' School, which, bye the bye, was conducted in the same building occupied by the late Mr. G. H. Bolton, of Penketh, Mr. Pollard told me an anecdote which gives an insight into the character of the scholar who afterwards thrilled England with his elo- quence. It appears that for some vexatious reason or other the Master threw a Latin book at the bead of John Might. The bullet missed its billet but John Bright quietly picked up the book and re- turned it to the Master with the words "Thou may want this again." Within a fortnight another term will have con- cluded at the Penketh Friends' School, and the pupils will gather together for the annual meet- ing. At these gatherings, but more especially at the end of the Christmas term, some of the pupils terminate their school course, and it is with a cer- tain amount of sadness that the boys and girls bid farewell to the old school. They scarce know why but their eyes bear witness to " the wild regret of the last good bye."

NO ORDINARY CASE.—Miss Inman'srecovery (reported in another column) seems like a miracle, but it is a miracl + in which all can believe—even the most sceptical because it has a Eel snti fic cause in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which, by removing the imp irities in the blood, went at once to the root of the mischief. They cure in the same way eczlma and other skin disorders, amrenia or impoverished blood,rheumaVsm,aciatics.,consamption erysipelas. St. Vitus' dance, rickets, and indigestion. They are also a splendid nerve and spinal tonic, and thus have core many cases of paralysis, lacamotor ataxy, neuralgia, and nervous headache. They are obtainable of all ch.mists, and fr )m Dr. Williams' Medicine Com- pany, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 24 91 a box, or six b ,xes for 134 9 1 but are gen nine only with the full name Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, printed in red on the pink wrapper.

STOCKTON HEATH PARISH COUNCIL.

A noeting of this Council was held on Tuesday even- ing in St. Thomas's schoolroom. There were present : —.Messrs. F. Pearson (chairman), Pemberton, Whitley, Clarke. Mason and Mclntyre, with E. Bradshaw (clerk).

_ ,47 • .• ; • • - . .

===== 0002601_18990630_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CORPORA- TION BILL.

REPORT OF THE SELECT COMIITTEE.

The Veet Committee appointed to consider the War- ringtin Cmporetion Bill have agreed to the following report. That the Bill in some respects gives power relating to police and sanitary regulations in excess of the provi- sions or powers of the general law. Repots from the Secretary of State for the Boma De- partment and from the Local Government Board relative to the Bill were referred to the Committee. The Bill does not give any powers which can be so well obtain el by means of bylaws, made subject to the reerictions of general Acts already existing. It did net assien a period fer the repayment of any loan under the Bill exceeding the term of :sixty years. or any period disproport,ionate to the objects of the loan. Borrowing powers are given for any purpose for which such powers already exist or may be obtained under the general Acts without subjecting the exercise of the powers under the Bill to approval from time to time by the proper Government department. Previsions agreed bFtween the parties have been in- eerted for the protection of the Lendon and North Western Railway Company. but the Committee only consented to such proviFiona beine inserted in the Bill on proof that similar protective clauses already applied to mains and pipes of the Corpora'i_m passing under the railway of the said company. There are no other circomstancee of wisicb, in the opinion of the Committee, it is desirable that the House should be inforined. The Committee have examined the allegations con- tained in the preamble of the Bill. M 3 amended the same, so as to make it consistent with the provisions of the Bill, as passed by the Committee, and found the same as amended to be true, and have gone through the Bill and made amendments thereunto.

_ Sir STAFFORD Non.rucoTE reported from the Select Committee that they had agreed to the following report. viz.:—That it had been proved to the committee that the Corporation of Warringt,m, b ing the promoters of the Bill hal, by their own admission, used the money of the ratepayers in the employment of political agents for the purpese of influencine, t,e elrctors in favour of the promot,on of the 811, rd had entrusted the supervisiGn of the taking of the poll to the persons employed to promote the Bill. The committee had no't been prepared to reject the Bill on this account, seeing that the expense of its pro- motion must in the absence of any infringement of the Borough Foods Act, fall upon the ratepayers, hut they wished nevertbelesA, to record their emphatic die- approval of the employment of such measures in the promotion of the Bill.

J. BATLEY ISA AC pays ,pecial Care to;the Quality and Cleanliness of GCM:IShe makes.—Advt. Police Uniform Boots. SCALES AND SONS, 83. Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

'UL TEETH

daily on the tooth , few drops of SOZODONT,

Itest dentifrice 4., ..tte world.

-leanses the teeth and spaces Cm. I between them as nothing else Sallow pk lon, and will. Sound and pearly white Sick Headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them so as to st,..y breath ensured. cured. (huts. is. IPb. '4.1.c for SOZODONT. 8. Cod.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. 4 Sma'A PM. BEAUTIF • .:411„„, Srr.ei,. Dose. ra 1111. svho MO CAR ER Souil Price. ~, ir4u_sh a •.,4i' . ITTLE Forty in a I- ie.to . Ii IVER vial. us it! '' P. Purlvvege- c'e P""am ~ . • sable. - lre Torpid Liver, Lille. ' Complexie-

===== 0002601_18990630_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY RATES.

A letter was read from Me Cheshire County Council on the question of the basis of the standard for county rates and enclosing as required a copy of the proposed basis which has been prepared by a Committee under that Act, together with the amount of the assessable value under the Agricultural Rates Act,lB9B, with other particulars. Any objection to the proposed basis, must it was stated, be forwarded to the Clerk of the County Council on or before the 15th July. It was decided to leava the matter in the hands of the Overseers.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNSATISFACTORY FOOTPATH.

In accordance with notice given at the previous meet- ing, Mr. Mclntyre drew attentionito the condition of the footpath from Fairfi,zld-road to Mill Pool and also the passage at the end of toe property in Fairfield road. The passage, he said, was 3ft wide and should be 12ft• The footpath was in a very bad state the whole of the way fram Fairfiel3-road,to Mill Pool, but the part he raferred to more particularly was that part running parallel with the house at the end of Fairfield-road. It was only 3Ft. wide aod it should be 12ft. The surfale was very un- level. . _

Mr. Meson asked if these were matters they cpuld deal with ? The Chairman said there were undertakings with different people that this footpath should be made. In aoswer to a question, the Coairmai said the agree- ment was between the Pike Trustees and Messrs. Green- all, Whitley and Co.. _ _ _

Mr. Whitley said he agreed with Mr. Mclntyre with respect to the condition of the footpath at the gable end of the house, it was in a very bad condition and dangerow to anyone using it. Ttvre was a grid stand- ing no in it aboLt 6 inches. The footpath from there to the Mill Pool was in a dangerous condition. It waa the only footpath in the parish, and he was sorry it was in such a state. Those who had the matter in hand ought to see it was kept in good order. Mr. Clarke said as regards the passage at the end of Fairfield-road there was a signed agroement between the Pike Trustees and Mr. Pemberton. Mr. Pemberton denied it.

Mr. Whitley : You have told us so. Mr. Clarke said it seemed to him to be a matter for the Parochial Commttee with regard to the passage. They had always understood Mr. Per:nix:Am stood in the position of the Pike Trustees. Mr. Mason said it seemel to him that someone had committed a breach of contract against this Council. Mr. Pemberton said they ought to get the agraement before they did anything. After some further discussion Mr. Pemberton prpoosed thst " Their Clerk should write to their late Clerk (Mr. Ellison) to send all plans and documents belonging to this Council at once." Mr. Clarke seconded and the resolution was carried. On the suggestion of Mr. Pemberton the Clerk 47 as also instructed to take ally proceedings required if he found any difficulty in obtaining them.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDENING OF A FOOTPATH.

The Chairman said he had seen Mr. Totlow about the footpath opposite the claurch and after some conversa- tion he found their only reason for not wishing this foot- path to be put back was the fear the stumps and railings would not bear moving and that some expense would be thrown upon them as owners in consequence. That was their chief objection and they still were wishful the railings should be set back and footpath made proviJpd they bear no expense. If the County Council were will- ing Mr. Tetlow was agreeable. One of the trustees was also present at the conversation and expressed himself as agrenble. Mr. Pemberton said ho did not fee how they could set the fence back. Mr. Clarke proposed the Clerk write to Mr. Linnetl explaining their position in the matter. This was agreed to.

THE JOTNSON The question of the division of this Charity between this ward and Appleton came up. The Chairman said they had had a shire of this charity ever since the parish was divided. Mr. Clarke : I wa3 told last year that unless we could produce a minute of the Parish Council asking for one half of this it would, not be given up as it belonzed to the parish of Appleton and no claim could be made by Stockton Heath.

Tho Chairman: The fact that they have given it no 77 for two or three years shows that con';ent•oa is nc.t very strong. Mr.lWhitley : I undt ritand the farm has ban sold and the present owner has made an agrement to pay the £l4 per year. Mr. Clarke asked if it had been customary with them to ask for a proportion.? Mr. Pembertoq : Na ;we have always taken it as a matter of course. - - -

Mr. Clarke moved that they ma ko applicatiqn for it.. Mr. Pemberton seconded and the motion was carried. This concluded the business.

GREAT SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD.

Mr. Thomas Halton presided over the monthly meeting of the above Board, which was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Board room at the Schools Great Sankey. There were also present the Rev. E. S. Jackson, and Messrs. Joseph Wright, Joseph Kit- shaw, Thomas Perks, as well as W. Jeans, jun. (clerk), and G. Clarke (headmaster).—The Clerk re- ported that there was a balance in hand in favour of the Board of £lO4 13s 7d.—The Master presented a report for the month showing that the average attendance had been 262.9, and fees received £2 Ss 81. Thera was a good deal of chicken pox at Sankey Bridges. —The Master reported that one of MM.'s Inspectors 'visited the schools on the 21st June, and expressed himself pleased with the teach- ing of the children. He said they were working well and on sound lines.—The Rev. E. S. Jackson said it, was Walking Day on Friday, and he asked permission for the children to be fed in the school yard, and to make use of the schoolroom if the weather was unfavourable.—The request was heartily complied with. The Medical Profession reaomm!nd the moderate use of well rnatur-d PORT WINE in cases of Influenza. W. and A. GILBEY have specially selected the finest Wine from Oporto for this purpose and thus placed their 3,000 Agents in a position to supply their Invalid Port, at 2s. 6d. per bottle inqvery town.—Aclvt. The proprietors of the Boy-al Oak Soap Works tender their apologies to their patrons for any inconvenience that may have been felt in getting their Coupons for tree Tablets of Britannia Herb Soap exchanged. Ibis has been due to th excessive call for these Tablets and tha makers beg to Intimate that they have now very considerably increase their plant in this department to cope with the growirid demand so that no further delay will be experienced. Tbeyg take this opportunity of mentioning that they have now in6roduced a best Pink Carbolic Soap under the brand " Giant Oak " with which the free tablets of Herb Soap are given same as with the Royal Oak. Forerybody should use these high class soaps,—Adv.

MARRIAGE OF THE REV J. GRANGE BENNETT. --- PROM THE "JERSEY EXPRESS:I One of the prettiest weddings which has neen seen in St. filler's (Jersey) tor some time teok place on Thursday last week,a.t the English Wesleyan Cnapel,Wesley-street. The marriage was between the Rev. J. Grange Bennett, eon of Mr. John Bennett, of Warrington, and Miss Tillie Dupre, younger daughter of Mr. James J. Dupre. of Cape House, Ssmate 3, St. Clement. Leug before the appointed hour the sacred edifice began to flu, and in the seats specially reseived fcr the members of the family and English friends we noticed Mrs. J. J. Dupe, Mr. and Mrs. P. V. Cooke, Mr. and Mrs. W. Grange Bennett, Miss Emily Bennett, Miss Nelly Bennett, Mr and Mrs. R. D. Smith (Hull), Dr. Hartley (Leeds), and a large number of 1;cal friends and relatives who had accepted invitations to assist at this function. Shortly before 11 o'clock the bridegroom, who was at- tended by Dr. James Bennett as best man, and Mr. Wilfred Dupre, Mr. Herbert Jerym and Mr. Len Ben- nett as groomsmen, arrived at the Coapel and took up their position at the foot of the rostrum to await the arrival cf the bride. Punctually to time Miss Dupre entered the sacred edifier, losking exceedingly charming and leaning on the arm of her father, who gave her away: As the wedding party walked up the aisle, Mr. Cooke, who presided at the organ, played the Bridal Chorus, and this wls followed by the school children, under the direction of Mr. G. H. Tory, singing the hymn "The voice Chet brcethed o'er Eden." Miss Dopre was gowned in a handsome dress of white Bengaline trimmed with white chiffou and orange blossoms, while she also ‘-rore a spray of she same fl ower in her hair, and a long tulle veil. An artistic gold chain, to which was attached a pretty little watch, the gift of the bride- groom, was suspeeded round her neck, while she carried a magnificent shower bouquet, composed of stephanotis. tuber-roses, white rsses, lilies, asparagus fern, Slsc., and tied with white streamers. The bride was followed by two little, children, Miss May Cooke (niece) and Master Laddie Dupre (nephew), who were both attired in picturesque csstumes,the little girl's dress being of white silk, with Puritan coif of white to match, while the little bey. was also dressed in white silk and wore a Louis XV. ha-,, trim rued with white plumes. Each of these little ones carried baskets of flowers, and wore a souvenir from the bridegroom, the girl a pearl and diamond brooch, and the boy a gold scarf pin. The bride was attended by four brides- maids, Miss Maud Dupre (cousin), Miss Flo Bennett (sister sf the bridegroom), Miss Emmie Walker, and Miss Lily Perchard, a:I of whom were dressed in ele- gantly-fitting white silk dresses trimmed with , pink crepon de chine sashes, and wore picturesque hats of white Leghorn, trimmed with white plumes, and white tulle, with pink roses tucked under the brim. Each ofithe bridesmaids wore a diamond and pearl ring, , the gift of the bridegreom,and carried beautiful shower I bouquets composed of delicate pink roses and sweet ' peas, the whole being tied with long streamers of riblasn. The service was conducted by the Revs. J. J. Brown, Owen-Jones, and J. Cox in a most impressive manner, and at its conclusio i the happy couple ad- journed to the vestry, where the registers wire signed. They afterwards left the church to the strains of Mendelssohn's Wedding March, amidst the hearty eon- gratulations and gold wishes of ill present, and drove to Cape House. The Rev. and Mrs. J. Grange Bennett left the island at 3 o'clock on Thursdey atternoan by the s.s. Cygne, for Carteret, en route for Paris and Switzerland, where a portion of the honeymoon will be spent, while the remaining days of the Rev. Bennett's vacaton will be passed in Scotland, after which he will retura to Bolton to assume charge of his new duties in that populous district. During the afternoon Mr aid Mrs J J Dupro held a recentiordat Le Chaiet Hotel. Pontac, for which upwards of 200 invitations were issued. The cake, which was an admirable example of the pastrycsok's art, was made at Mats ms Gaudin, of King- street. The bride's and bridesmaids dresses and Millinery came from Messrs. A. de Gruchy Ss Co, white the bride's bouquet and children's baskets:were suppled by Mrs. Houguet-Poele, of Bath-etrret. We append a list of the wedding presents : Father of bride, cheque and silver tea and coffee service Mother of Bride, table silver in canteen Father and Mother of Bride. Reichenstein piano Grandmother of Bride, cheque Bridegroom to Bride, gold watch and chain • Bride to Bridegroom, silver-backed hair brushes Father of Bridegrom, cheque Mother of brideeroom, silver soup tureen Mr and Mrs P V Cooke, silver cake basket Mr and Mrs George Dupre, silver salver Mr Wilfrid Dupre, silver salver Mr Harold aud Willie Dupre. silver toilet dish Mr and Mrs W Grange Bennett, drawing.room chair Mr and Mrs Joseph Bennett, cheque Mr James Bennett. case of cutlery and silver knife rests Miss Emily Bennett, silver sauce and gravy tureens and oil painting Miss Flo Bennett, worked table centre and Worcester vase Mr Fred S Bennett, silver fish carvers in case Mr Lea Bennett, bread platter and knife Miss &mice Walker. hand-worked bed spread Miss lidie Walker, hand-worked tea cloth Miss Maud Duprk antique silver fruit servers Miss Lily Perchard, silver card case Mrs John Dupre and Mr Clifford Dupre, silver cruet Mr and Mrs Henry Dupre, afternoon tea set on tray Mr and Mrs W Dupre, silver afternoon tea spoons Mr and Mrs Joseph Burke (Loudon), silver spoon warmer Mr and Mrs Abler (Brighton). lace cape Mr end Mrs A Means (Brighton), sliver sardine servers Mr and Mrs Guille, silver cream jug Mr end Mrs De Ste. Croix, pair of silver serviette rings Mr and Mrs W Cooke, silver and glass breakfast cruet Mr and Mrs Joseph Walker, stationery cabinet Mr and Mrs Frank Walker, silver hand glass Mr Fred Walker, silver photo frame Mr and Mrs Whiting, silk cushion Mr and Mrs and Misses Oryiss, silve meueted toilet glass and silver-backed hair brush. Miss Oryiss, Breton work cushion I Mrs Thomas Bennett (Padg de), clock, batometer and Thermometer. Miss Helen Bennett (Padgate). handworked cushion Miss Molly Bennett (Padgate), pair ot pictures Mr and Mrs William Bennett (Padgate), cheque The Misses Bennett(Lyndhurst), brass and copper revolv- ing cake stand Mr and Mrs Alexandre, two volumes of BrOwning's Letters Miss Neel, Sheller's Poems Mr and Mrs James Potter, Whittier's Pilerrls Rev C W Bad-Leine, Kehle's " Christian Year." Rev J J Beown. Tennyson'a Poems Mrs Norman. book. '• My Councillor," Mr George Gaudin, book. " With Kitchener's Army " Mr and Mrs W Lee, view, in plush frame Mrs Charles Davey, silver-mounted toile: bottles Mr and Mrs J II P Davey, silver-packed hair brush Mrs J Martin. silver sugar sifter Mr Harry and Miss Le Feuvre, silver hot water jug Mr and Mrs R Spurrier, silver fern pet Mrs Benest, silver and glass butter cooler Misses Falls, silver and pearl bread fork Mrs and Miss Norman, silver muffineers in case Mr and Mrs G P Crill, silver biscuit box Mr and Mrs G Bryant, silver toast rack Miss Le Templier, silver salts in case Mrs and Miss Touzel, silver bonbon basket and servers Mrs Lane. silver butter cooler Mr and Mrs C T Maine, silver-backed heir brush and comb Miss Le Rougetel, point lace table centre Mrs Le Feuvre, sideboard clock Miss Groom tea cloth Mr Wyatt. Worcester pourri jar Mrs Wyatt, six knitted doyleys Miss and Mass Frances Roberts, Worcester ornaments Mr and Mrs Raul Gulton. Worcester jug Ml's Voisin, aftetnoon tea set Misses Mourant, sachet indien Mrs Morley, silver dessert knives and forks in case Misses Morley, silver mustard pot Mr and Mrs P A fleecier, silver grape stand Mr and the Misses Le Blancq, travelling clock Mr John Amy, silver tea spoons in ease Miss Smith, afternoon teacloth and knife rests in case Captain and Mrs Jean, silver sugar basin and sifter Mrs Gaudin. marmalade jar Mrs Le Masurier. silver tea spoons in case Captaist Enwright, silver and pearl penknife Captain and Mrs Perchard, silver and glass cold water jug Misses M and B Voisin, silver mounted vinegar and. oil bottles Misses Noel, silver heeked hair brush Rev and Mrs J Cox, silver cream and fruit stend Mr and Mrs Guy, Mester) three views of Chester, in pl eh frame Mr and Mrs Hanson (Balper), silk hosiery Miss Sargent (Scarborough), tea and tray cloths Mies Lena Kirkham (Barnet), Honifon lace handkerchief Little Hilda Walker, kettle holder Miss Tonkin (bath), pair of Worcester ornaments Mr and Mrs Herbert Haigh (Hudderefleld), afternoon silver tea spoons and sugar tongs in case Mrs Corderoy (London), Inclien breast pin Mr an i Mrs E Banks (F ilmouth), silver and glass jam dish Mr and Mrs John Fairhurst sLiverpool), silver salver Mr and Mrs W E Colebrook (St. Heller),afternoon china tea set, on tray Wesleyan Friends at Brockley (London). kettle and stand Mr and Mrs Henry J Brookes (Birmingnam), brass ink- et and Dr and Mrs Hartley (Hull), case of fruit knives Mr and Mrs Myers (Bradford). album Mrs Knapton (Brockley). serviette rings Mr B Conway (Liverpool), barometer Rev B T Simpson, B.A. (Southampton), writing case Mr W J Haslam (Flarrogete), brass and copper cake stand Dr and Mrs Voisin (St. Helier), ten tray Mr George Pymm (Belper), fish carvers Mrs Le Clereq, sieieboard cloth The Sunday Scdool Teachers and Choir of Wesley-street Chapel, silver and glass flower epergne Mr and Mrs Tonkin (Beth), silver cheese biscuit and butter dishes Mr and Mrs L W Westwood (London). silver salts in case Mr Jeck Kirkham (Barnet). silver-backed hair brush Mr and Mrs McOrum, cushion Mr and Mrs A Dawson (Shoreham), Deulton jug,

CADBURY'S COCOA, on the testimony of the Lancet " represents the standard of highest purity." It is entirely free from all foreign eubstanaes, such as kola, malt. hops, Ac., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson. in a recent article in the Illustrated London News writes : " Cocoa Is in itself a perfect food, and requires no addition o drugs whatever CADBURY% Conchs is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old aud young, at all times and in all seasons ; for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBCRY's, as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sold only in PaCkets and Tins.— Advt. 3.

Miss Dobson (Tetbury), oak and silver toast rack Mr and Mrs Buckingham (Woolwich), silver sugar basin Rev J B Edwards (Leicester), picture Mr Herbert Jermyn (King's Lynn) silver entree dish Mr and Mrs F K Sykes (Huelderstield),'Limoges china tea service Mr and Mrs Mau!e (Nottingham), silver egg stand Miss Mabel Mania (Nottingham), silver sugar sifter Mrs and Miss Bell (London), copper inkstand Rev W and Mrs Kelshaw (Birmingham),Doulton ornaments Rev If Whiting (Whitby), silver vols. Expositor's Bible Series Councillor and Mrs J Shaw Green (Warrington), silver cut glass salad bowl Miss Shaw Green (Warrington). painting Miss Gertrud. Shaw Green (Warrington), satin table centre Mr and Mrs F Wright (Padgate), Worcecer ornament Mrs John Houghton (Padgate), cheque Mr and Mrs W J Bennett (Poulton). picture Mr and Mrs George Huchison (Poulton), brass inkstand Rev T and Mrs Darque (Manchester), pair of bronze ornaments Rev Seth and Mrs Swithenbank (Flimbv), tablc go lg Rev A and Mrs Myers (Preston). picture Rev T and Mrs Cook (Harrogate) silver cream and sugar stands Rev B and Mrs Davidson (Harrogate), pair of silver serviette rings in case.

Rev T and -Mrs Wanol (Southport), two vole of Ruskin, in leather Rev T and Mrs Kirkup (Liverpool), pair of silver nut crackers in case Rpv J Allan and Mrs Rotherey (Guernsey), biscuit barrel Mr R Miss and Mrs Lloyd (lkwtown), silver entrea dish Mr and Mrs Alfred Sykes (Iluddersfteld), pair of silver flower stands

Mr and Mrs J Hollings (South')lit), pair of silvsr serviette rings in ease

Mr and Mrs E W G Day (Dewsbury), silver-mounted leather BrAdshaw case _

The Children Eversley (Dew.bnry), double brass photo frame Mr and Mrs W J Gibbs (London) cream and sugar stand Mr and Mrs T Clegg (Portsmouth), si:ver spoons in ct!le Alderman and Mrs Charles Gardener (Bristol), silver crumb Pcoop Mr and Mrs Campion (Portsmouth). silver salts in case Mr and Mrs J L liancosk (Shrewsbury), cluck, mirror, and brushes

Mrs and Misses Lewis (Clapham), silver tart servers, in case

Mr T Touzsl (Samares), leather letter case Mr and Mrs Will Walker (Skipton), sifter butter cooler and knife in case Mr and Mrs smead (Salisbury), silver spoons Mr and Mrs Limple!gh (Peterborough), his nitjar Mr and Mrs Walter Bennett (Padgste), silver and ivory cake knife Mr and Mrs R Rains (Wanche3ter) silver cake basket Mr F Shakeshaft (Lymrn), biscuit jar Mr and Mrs Humphrey Wallis (Penarth), silver entre; dish

Mr R T and Misses Smith (Whitchurch), brass clock and Candlesticks Councillor and Mrs Arthur Bennett (Warrington),revolving book case

Mr and Mrs Marsh (Tunbrid,ge Weis), silver fish knives and forks Dr and Mrs Starling (Tunbridge Wells), birometer Mr and Mrs Moore (Salisbury), silver oil Sarum hot wAter jug _

- Sir and Mrs George Parr (Salisbury), silver and glass ornaments Miss Molly Parker (Penketh), silver pencil case Miss Winnie Bennett (Garstang). afternoon tet cloth Miss lfilda Bennett ((larstang), silver cake knife Master Clifford I3ennett (Garstang), silver and ivory cake fork Mr ft D and Mrs Smith (Bruntcliffe), Carlton ware card tray

Mr and Mrs Herbert Taylor (Thornaby-on-Tees). &liver salver

Mr and Mrs Storey (North Shields), pair of pictures Servants at " Cape House " crumu scoop and silver knife rests

Gardener " Caps House " cache pot Wesleyan Friends (North Shields). onyx timepiece. The latter bore Ih3 following inscription :—" A winding present to the Key J Grange Bennett, from his Wesleyart friends at North Shields, June 23, 1893."

===== 0002601_18990630_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of this Association was held at the Baths Hotel oa,Thursday last week. Mr. W. J. Rob- son presided and there were also present : Messrs John Lewis (chairman ofthe Ais)eratiol), JF Vi7hit:.le (trea- surer), T P Bradshaw (secret try), r Mir, Andert3n, Harvey and E WhiMatn (members ot the Executive), and oth3rs interested inthe game.

THE FIRST ANNUAL REPORT. The SECRETARY (Mr. T.P.lisinsuaw),read th 3 annual report which was as follows :—" As Secretary of the Warrington and District Football Association, I have much pleasura in submitting the first annual report. In accordance with the minutes of the !act general meeting the Chairman of the Association (Mr. Lewis) and myself attended the meeting in Manchester in connection with the National Junior Football Association. Mr. Lewis was elected a member of the executive to represent this dis- trict but I am sorry to say the matter is unfortunately, not to be proceeded with as the English Association will not consent to its formation. Since our last general meeting we have lost the services of our old friend Ser- geant Healey, and one of our most ardent supporters. This loss was deeply felt, but a worthy substitute was f und in Mr. J. Anderton. As to the financial position of; the club, the small balance in the hands of the treasurer is due to the unsatisfactory state of the weather on the occasion of the final tie. The net ' receipts during the season amounted to £658 only. Last season the association was composed cf 31 clubs 18 of which competed for the challenge cup, the final clubs for the cup'heing Winnins.7,ton Park and Barnton Albions (winners 1896-7), Winnington Park proving the winners of a well contested game by one goal to nil ; the cup for the fifth time finding a resting place in Cheshire. One pleasing fact I have to record is the number of clubs in the out-districts which have joined the Association. This c early shows that our efforts to promote the game are appreciated by the juniors, in the district. You will have no iced the proposed alteration to the rules which if carried (and I have no doubt we shall receive the whole support of the meeting whose interests we are try- ing to serve) will prove beneficial."; On the proposition of Mr. ANDERTON, which was duly seconded, the report was unanimously adopted. THE BALANCE SHEET. The TREASURER (Mr. Whittle) in reading the balance sheet said he was sorry to say that this their first balance sheet, was not as satisfactory as it might have been, but as everyone knew they cluld not help the weather. The year commenced with a balance in hand of £9 151 lid and had closed win a balance in hand of 14s 11. d. On the proposition of the CHAIRMAN seconded by Mr. HARVEY, the balance sheet was adopted. ------- -

ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The election of officers resulted a 3 follows :—Secratary T P Bradshaw (re-elected) ; tun treasurer. J F Whittle (re-elected); hon auditors, E. Whitham (re-electad) and W J Robson. Mr John Evans of Penketh was re-elected chairman of the Asspcittion and in returning thanks expressei his pleasure+ at the way in which the mem- bers of the late executive had attended the meetings and given support to association football in the district. The following were elected on the executive for tbe ensuing year Warrington district, Messrs. Harvey, Robson. Whitham, and Forbes ; Earlestown division, Anderton ; Cheshire division, Cross, and Mair ; S. Helecs division, Roughley. The election of a representa- tive for the Widnes division was left in the hands of the Executive Committee.

Tne Mo. Presidents and Vice-Presidents were elected en bloc

ALTERXTION' TO RULES. An alteratirla in rule 2 of the Association vras made in addition to other alterations in the rules of the Associa- tion and Challenge Cup Competition. Rule 2 now reads :—" That all clubs affiliated t 3 theis Association shall satisfy the Ex-cutive that they aro :properly constituted clubs, and playing football according to the lawn of Vie Association within a radius of 12 miles of the Warrington Town Hall." Votes of thanks concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA:

FULL WEIGHT, WITHOUT PAPER

BROOKE, BONDS

have always given full, net weight of tea to their millicns of customers and have never weighed in the b kg or the card or the label.

YES, BROOKE, BONDS HAVE GIVEN FULL WEIGHT AND FULL VALUE FOR THIRTY YEARS.

PRIUS : 10d., 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 a lb.

BROOKE, BOND,

& CO., LIMITED,

Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People;

THE LANCASHiIitE TEA WAREHOI7SES :

17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14., LONG MILLGATE.

DI &NCHEST E R ,

AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Cranium " AnrttO

ON LANCLSHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NRWSPYPERS:

Comprises rT BE Warrington and Mid- Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. rrHE Earlestoton and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning. THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning'

===== 0002601_18990630_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED. SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. 'OUSE!! AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. orde.

One

Three

Week. Weeks. Weeks. is 3d ... 2s Od 1110 d ... 34 Od la Od ... 2s 64 ... 4. Od is 3d ... 3s ld ... 5s Od ... ......... ... is 6d ... 3s 8d ... 61 Od

18

27

38 ...............

45 ...............

irlonultir berbants, SU.

WARTED, good GENERAL.—Mrs. CROSS, Green-lane, Mosley-hill. near Liverpool.

yres,

NVANTBD, a GIRL. to assist in housework ; references.— Apply 3, LINCISTER-ROAD, Fallowfield, Manchester

WANTBD. GIRL 15 or 16. to assist In Housework. sleep In.-62, WEMBITRY STREET, Harpurhey. Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL for two. about 35; good home and wage.- PARKER'S REsTannAliT. Blackpool.

GOOD SERVANTS of all kinds, will find comfortable homes by applying to 28, ALBERT•STREET, Mumps, Oldham.

WANTBD COOK GENERAL —Apply Mrs. SLINGER, 2. Botanical Avenue, Talbot-road, Old Trafford, Man- chester.

WANTBD good COOK, at once, for season,—Addrioss with references and wages, Mrs. DAVIES, Glan-y-werydd, Towyn.

ABTBD at once. GENERAL. where another is kept; Catholic preferred.-13, BLNKFIBLD•STBEET, Bootle Liverpool.

NVANTED respectable GIRL. as General. Good home. No washing, must have reterence.--BAALF:-ROLD, Edge- hill. Liverpool.

WANTBD. GIRL for Chip Shop: good home; state wages.—Apply Mrs. Wnnamirr,76 Cross-lane, torten, Manchester.

WANTED, situation as Second COACHMAN or Single- handed • acre 29; single; good references.—Apply P. PAM Parkhead, Kendal.

• llilir ANTED GENERAL SERVANT, clean and respectable; character required: wages 6.; no washing.-122 STOCCPORT-ROAD, Manchester.

WANTED, GIRL. respectable. about 18 years • good reference; no children; good horns for suitable girl. —Donn, Mile End, Liverpool.

TV comfortable good GRNBILiL ; able to wash. Prostestant ; comfortable home; no dairy work.—FLa-rczEß's FARM, Wootton. near Liverpool.

- T YTHAM.—General Servants 7 wanten Immediately; also 1..1 young girl for quiet situation.—Apply MANAGERESS, Ladies Agency, Clifton Chambers. Lytham.

WANTED. HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, Catholic, must have good reference; state age and wages. —bliss BRADLEY. Pelham House, Wetherby, Yorkshire.

virANTED. July 17th. Married Man.without encumbrance. as Gardener and Coachman; good &sweeten—H. GAME-Doi:Knox. Shirebauk, Fulwood, Preston.

----- WANTED, a strong GIRL, for farmhouse; Isle of Man ; one who can rallk.—Apply, stating wages required, to Mrs. FARGHER. Gretch Voar, Limey, Isle of Man.

NVANTED. very good plain 000 k ; six in family ; four servants kept ; good riser imperative; good references required :—Apply Mrs ALLADICE. Woodburn, Rock Ferry.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES INbTITUTION, 70, Rope- street. Llverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegraph.—" Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone. 570

, NVANTBD immediately strong farm GBNBRAL - one accustomed to making cheese and butter preferred. Also strong YOUTH able to milk.—Apply with :references stating wages and qualifications RICHARD PAIXINION. Fanner. Bibby, near Kirkham.

TlOLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMHNTS, with or without board, near sea ; terms reasonable.—BlExnEls- sonsT HOUSE. 4, Bralthwaite-street.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
attlanttb.

WANTED, a SHARP LAD (abcut 14) as errand boy.— Apply at the" EXAMINER" OFFICE, Warrington.

CHRISTIAN TRAINING HOME FOR GlRLS,—Terms 9s per week. Address MISS COOKE, 19s, Millburne-st., Blriekpool.

WHOLINALB TRA. TEADR. Canvassers, Travellers or Agents WANTED, liberal oommission.—P.T.C., 187, Ploaorna, London.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1818 or earlier. 1892 or later; also last Arai*: £2 each given.—MAJoß TOMBS, Droitwica.

WABTBD, Apprentice to DEBSSMA.KING, Indoors; small premium required.—Address COOKE AND COOKE. 21. Cookson-street, Blaekpcol.

WANTED, strong WATER CART, suitable for esta'e and farm work, state price etc.—R. H. TURTON, Fletcher" Farm, Wootton, near Liverpool.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS. Bverything. Wholesale Book free (Canvasser's Catalogues 14). Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY Mir, Factor. Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, BNERGErIC AGENTS ; whole+ or spare time. Quick promotion. For Frocisham, Sutton Weaver, lielsby.—Apply 50, GIRKSIIITAY-ROAD, Runcorn.

AGBNTS wanted to sell RUBBER STAMPS; money easily earned. free postage. free stamp given.—A- G. 110BINfloN, 3. Crown-street. Bolton, Lancashire,

TOBACCO NISTS Commenoing.—See Illd. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, liuston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. I.IYEnS.

ACTIVE AGENTS wanted. Rent paid during sickness or se.cident; unique Insurance, monthly premiums, literal remnneration.—Address MINAGKR. Rent Guarantee Corpora- tion Limited, 90 Cannon-street, London.

AGENTS WANTED (buyers) to introduce Incandesallne Spray ; preserves Incandescent Mantles, doubles ilium- Ration; Instantly dernonst•ated, so sells at sight.—llscals- DXSILINE CO., 224, Upper Thames-street,London, LC.

4,2ANITARY INSPICCTORSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £25:: : 0 numerous vacancies ; permanent appointments ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester and other exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over VtiO successful candidates.—Apply 110BICRT MusILENS. Science Teacher, Sunderland,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Co bt Ed.

PHNKETH.—Cot iages 4s. Od., 31. 6d. end Zs. Bd. per week. DALLAK-LANK.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent

210. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. PENKETH. Serni-detaehed HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 25, CATHERINE STREET, rent 45 3d per week. 17. GEE STREET, rent 55 per week. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent 75. 16, WELLINGTON STIttiET. rent ss. PROVISION SHOP, Peaketh rent 5. per week. HOUSE and GARDEN. Penketh, rent £l2. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street wiu rington. Telephone—No 55. To LET.— 61,PRIESTLEY-8/SEET,WARRINGTON,ROOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

rt.() LhT, COTTAGHS off LOVKLY-LANIC relate 4s. Apply A. WOODS it Som. solicitors. Horsemarket-Bt., Warring- ton.

T 0 LAM—LARGE ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £2O Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

MO LRT, SHOP. with LARGE ROOM over. in Orfori-st., 1. rent £l3.—Apply WOOO4 & Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street. Warrington.

1.11 REMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— J. Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

SINCLAIR'S

THE GREAT REMEDY for All forms of HEART DISEASE, PALPITATION. WEAKNESS, Write for pamphlet.

HEART

Price Is. If& 2s. 9d. and 4r. 6d. post free,

TONIC

HENRY SINCLAIR, 17, SHAFTESBURY AVENUE,

PILLS.

LONDON, W.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS. BEWSEY :STREET. W4+ RRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. LEAH, 95 Albert-road, 3min. from Central Station and sea ; public or private; pianos.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS. near Prome- nade, home comforts, well re2om.—lvr DENE. Lawson- road—Mrs DITOKEREI:

===== 0002601_18990630_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Oncs, Voultrp, Bzr.

T ARGE STOCK of OVER- Payments taken LA MANTLES from 17s 6d to 775.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
GI RINDSTONRS.—John BOND. Rowsley, Derbyshire.

1 S. WHEICLY will secure BICYCLK ; stamped envelop.. .1 BUSTACE. Invercrombie. Ganaersbury.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
POULTRY grit, shell or flint, ss. cwt. 35., half cwt. car- riage paid.— POULTRY GRIT Co., Grimsby.

COFFER (Pure). 141 b Canister 108.8d.Write for Goods list. CEYLON Co.. 4. Guildhall Chambers.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A LBUM, 100 stamps. 20 Japanese, 20 Colonials. 10 unused. mounts 7d.—PREMIER PHILATULICA.L Co.. Tenby.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
fIYCLES, PIANOS, ORGANS, easy purchase system or V discount.—MECHlNlC, 43, Lord Street, Wolverhampton.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TOLASTIC STOCKINGS, 3s. lid. per pair; postage 2d.- 14 COLTMAN'S STORES, 9, Sussex-street, Middlesborugh.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, J UNE 30, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
i GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY and Oace in a Lifetime.— .tx. For particulars apply CO-OPER XTIVE PRINCIPLE COM- PANY. 63, High Holborn, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

QD.—Do you wish your TIIIITH like Pearls. Thew use PEltLADlfitlti, the perfect tooth powder. Perfumed with Otto cf Rosa. Packed in handsome tins of the usual' fid size. Our price 3d. only. Ask your gr4cer or chemist for it. tins sent post free for 64.—Clitut, BROS. LTD., 15,13losemn, street, Bishopegate, London. A 8010 agent wanted lnhls district.

QUFFERING horn Ner—oas and Physical Debility 13 should send for a VAillh .e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements rimy he successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. ben 'rifled, post free. Address—

R. MOUTON. 69, a 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O bad/Wished 30 Tears.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Otorko, 33u5t1ie55e5, ea.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD SEED 3,TAMPS FOR ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. SIMPLE, SAFE, RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE. MADAME FARL EMIL 160, RAORNRI ROA D,LONDON, N.V.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ePtitst

===== 0002601_18990630_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS! NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR NIACHINES ENAMELLED, PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT. TAKE THEM AT ONCE TO FRANK [JOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER,

WARGRAVE ROAD, EARLESTO WN

===== 0002601_18990630_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED ..._,-ANITARY PLY:M.6O' GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR. 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, RIO EGS to intimate to kis Numerous CUS" TOMERS and the Public generally thAt he ha: purchased the BUSINESS successfu;ly carried On..„f° many years by Mr. JOHN HED4OOCK at Kin - street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. 410,1%! Painter, Gasiitter, &c.. where he hopes, by bt''n." d hi° more cer,trally situated, to further ex-en hue Business, and to merit a turt.,:er share uf the Pu"

patronage. oli- N.B.—A Good STOCK of the lateet Sanitary ances ; also a Choice Selectica of wan papers de2orations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEIF

===== 0002601_18990630_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

JUNE 30th 1399.

ON the subject of permitting A Wobbling the electors to select women Parliament. for two municipal offices in the new Loudon boroughs the present Imperial Parliament hardly knows its own mind. Ministers are themselves divided, and so are their followers. Primrose Leaguers who meet noble ladies in council are quite determined they shall not sit in connection with London's new boroughs. Women may canvass for members of Parliament,may assist In managing the League which is sworn to protect the. Crown, the Church, and the Conservative Party. They may do many things, as long as the Conservative cause benefits, but they are not to be councillors and aldermen. We have now had several decisions. At first it was decided in the Commons that they should not be mayors or alder- men, and then the subject was left over until the Report stage. It was then agreed that they should be councillors and aldermen. The House of Lords Often called a revising body, has decided that they shall neither be councillors nor aldermen. The House of Commons is now called upon to express its gratitude to the House of Lords, or to take the contrary view. The Government cannot help anybody very much, and least of all Can it help the women, because the DUKE OF 14EYONSHIRE has confided to us all the great 'Cabinet secret that. apart from the Leaders of the two Houses, LOB.D SALISBURY and Mr. BALFOUR, t.bere is no one in the Cabinet anxious to see them In any further public offices. The advocates who want to see women on the London Councils will make as big a muster as they can, and ,endeavour te procure the insertion of the words which have lieon deleted. Opponents will muster for another big fight, and there will be a great division. If it *.hould end in a victory for the amended clause as it left the House of Commons, there will be much Noicing, though the chance of the Government giving way is not great, and the House of Lords will once more dominate the situation. It is Oil the cards, however, that the Commons will cefuse to make any further change in the tt6 it affects the political status of women, alid. then the two houses will have placed tLbeluselves in agreement. A division of :this Would indicate conviction, and obtain a cer- '4lll amount of respect. But the present Parlia- ment wobbles incessantly, in obedience to many Zntives. It applauded the CHANCELLOR of the 3:cURQuEn when he declared that it was im- 13Ncticable to amend the law about tithe. It 4ePlauded him when he said the advance up the nudan would not cost the British taxpayer a tellnY• It also applauded Mr. LONG when he r,i'cught in the Tithe Bill, and it applauded the ;11ANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER when he came to Q 8 House and asked for the presentation to Egypt, 43 a gift, of the money we had advanced as a loan and were to have been repaid. To keep the present (government in power Parliament it would declare, 'by force of faith, that black is white." It has, really, no convictions about anything, and hence Ye say that the sooner the Government makes up its mind to get rid of it the better. The growing 416covery that the end of a wobbling Parliament tlnal' mean the end of a Ministry emboldens the atter to prolong the existence of the former.

THIS phrase, hurled at the Not a THIS , , new F a Syndieate. rench Ministry, may but be taken to represent the ptiewest version of a selected Cabinet. But in r4L'lce they have destroyed parties, in the old :Ilse, and no party Ministry is, therefore possible. e-he 'Waldeck-Roussoau Government may be des- as a syndicate. It is formed to carry on it business of the country, and to prevent the trench Army from becoming political and exercis- Chg influence over judicial tribunals. Already of: new Government has had to put talking cers under discipline, and the incriminated rnerals who procured the conviction and degra- walstion of CAPTAIN DREYFUS cannot be expected to "1137 escape. The selection of individuals with t f°llowing means a syndicate in the political Tehzlso,and what else is possible in France just now? twe Republic is exposed to danger on of ° sides—from the plots and intrigues discarded parties, Bonapartist, Bon- Legititnist ; and from the utter ,}le. &illness of the common people at so many he"ges in Ministers and policies. We often at it Egid in this country that the French

people make so many changes because they love the excitement, and will have it, whether Ministries fail or institutions go down in the strife. It is true they are excitable, but they do not mean, for all that, to see the Republic go to the ground, and to bring back the Generals who are capable of ordering forgeries to convict an in- nocent man and of using troops to suppress the representatives of the people. A lino must be drawn at the maintenance of the Republic, and it was drawn on Monday night, when the Ministry described by a Boulangist as a syndicate, managed to obtain a vote of confidence in the Senate and the Chamber, and has lived through its first sto-r—m• Stupid it may be, capable it must be, to have sur- vived, and we may see the syndicate governing France in the interests of the people, and not in the interests of section. A syndi- cate that will do this deserves well of the country, and may live longer than a combination which starts with the blare of trumpets and then is intrigued against imme- diately. The present position in France is very peculiar, and yet it may not be dangerous. "What we see is the general impotence of all parties and persons. There are small eddies, but no currents. There are many corporals, but no commanding officers. There is much free thought, but there is no great thought. Some external or internal danger is needed to bring about a shock that would rearrange all these political particles in a few minutes, as a fiddle-bow drawn over the edge of a glass plate of sand immediately disposes the sand into lines and figures. The Waldeck-Rous- seau syndicate is not of a very high order of merit, as Ministries go. It has made a majority, and it has saved the situation. Nothing more was to be expected of it. Yet it my remain intact,acquire authority and strength, and end by being one of the most stable Ministries France has had for years. Who knows? There are always some .wonders coming on in France, and it would not be amazing if a Government which barely escaped defeat on its overture lived long enough to disap- point the prophets of evil.

Frodsham, the most popular holiday resort within twenty miles of Warrington, is infected with an epidemic of suicides and the inhabitants of the township are leading anything but a cheer- ful existence in consequence. Within the last few weeks the village has been thrown into con- sternation on three occasious by the suicide of male residents, the latest—and it hoped the last— of these distressing incidents occurring on Thurs- daylast week. The theory has been often advanced that the suicide of one person acts as an incentive to others instead of a deterrent, and the theory has been often borne out by facts which appear conclusive. It is the same with crimes which are of a particularly malignant type. For instance we all recollect how numerous were the attempts at train wrecking in various parts of the country not many months ago. As there was no suspicion of a system or organised plan in the committal of ithese deeds, it can only be surmised, as in the case of the suicides at Frodsham, that the act of one mad individual stirred up a spirit of emulation in the diseased brains of other people. Fortunately these dastardly attempts at train-wrecking have ceased,and we hope, with the distressed Frodsham people, that their neighbourhood may not be shocked by any further continuation of this sad sequence of suicides.

Next to the third test match now proceeding at. Leeds the most interesting event in the cricket field is the wonderful innings of Master A. E. J. Collins, the fourteen-year-old Clifton College boy who has beaten all records by compiling the huge total of 628 not out. Mr. A. E. Stoddart, the famous Middlesex amateur. has held for thirteen years the honour of being the top scorer in cricket with 485,and now he has to give way to a youngs- ter whom one would expect to know little more about the game than the right side of his bat. Young Collins has become a national hero, and at Clifton College he can hardly be looked upon as less than a God, so prodigious is his performance. What people are wondering is the county for which he will' eventually qualify, and Mr. Troup, the Gloucestershire captain, .is already pictured in cartoons looking with longing eyes on the pre- cocious youth who has dared to surpass the records of the greatest cricketers who have ever lived. Time alone will disclose Master Collins' future,but we may mention that his birth qualifica- tion is for India and not for any English county. We wish him "more power to his bat," to parody a popular saying, and trust that he may justify the predictions his marvellous record has given rise to.

In introducing a Bill to amend the law with res- pect to the payment of rates on tithe rent-charge attached to a benefice the Government has done an infamous thing. It. is true enough that the clergy who rely upon tithes suffer considerably by being rated for local taxation upon their gross in- come, but that is no earthly reason why they should be relieved at the expense of the state. The burden is one which they have borne for cen- turies, and it is a standing disgrace to the Church of England that they should have had to bear it, but the discredit is as no- thing compared with that attached to such a mean action as to seek aid from the tax- payers of the country without their permission. The Church of England is one of the wealthiest bodies in the world, and could very easily support its own clergy if it only possessed a sufficient sense of fairness to do so, but it does not unfortunately ; and a matter for further regret is that we have a Government weak enough or wicked enough to grant assistance at the expense of the whole community. £87,000 would be required to pay the half of the rates from which the clergy are proposed to be relieved by this Bill, and it means practically that the Church of Engltnd is to be further endowed to that extent. It is nothing short of scandalous in its injustice to all other denominations. Sir Henry Cainpbell-Bannerman rightly urged that any necessary relief should be undertaken by the wealthy classes in the Church itself, after the manner of the Established Church of Scotland, which has shown a manly self-reliance in making good the deficient stipends of its clergy. The first reading of the Bill was carried by a majority of 78, but we feel convinced that it will eventually succumb to the opposition which it has aroused all over the country. The public has submitted, with a bad grace, to the doll° fcr the landlords and the clergy interested in de- nominational schools, bit we cannot imagine it sitting down under the infliction of such a bare- faced piece of party "jobbery" as the foregoing.

One cannot help wondering what were the thoughts of the American President-maker, Mr. Hanna, McKinley's runner, as he witnessed that pathetic pretest of Mr. Whiteley against his own party in the House of Commons on Tuesday. Mr. Hanna chanced to come down to the Strangers' Gallery, and it was a new experience to him. He had observed nothing like it in the land of the Almighty Dollar. Here was a member of Parliament, whose opinions on five questions out of six were with the Unionists, separating himself from his friends, going to the expense of another election, and risking a political career, because he objected te three particular bills. To the Ameri- can organiser this transfer of allegiance at a loss to the person making a change, was, no doubt, quite incomprehensible. Mr. Hanna would have understood t if he could have heard a whisper that the Liberal organisation in Parliament-street had arranged this drama. But DO breath of suspicion attached to Mr. Whiteley. His action was to his own detriment. Americans have still something to learn.

A mile a minute on a cycle will soon become an accomplished fact for last week .Ir. C. M. Murphy, a Brooklyn cyclist covered the distance

===== 0002601_18990630_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY JUNE 30, 1899.

in6s seconds at the first attempt He should thus have little difficulty in wiping out the extra five seconds in future trials. But we must explain, for the world's cycle record for the mile stands at 1 min. 35 secs., and Mr. Murphy has given it a big beating. He, however, was paced by a loco- motive and rode on a plank track laid between the railway metals on bong Island. It has long been thought that could a cyclist " hang on "to a locomotive he would put up some remarkable times, and Mr. Murphy has proved the idea to be correct. But is this cycling? Pacemaking nowadays is going too far. We barely tolerated the windshields in Cordang's great 24 hours side, then we had next to accustom ourselves to motor-car pacing, and now the loco- motive has entered the field as a means of drawing the cyclist onwards. We say "drawing" advisedly, for that is what it amounts to. Mr. Murphy cannot propel a cycle at the rate of a mile in 65 seconds unaided, but when he gets within the tremendous suction of a railway engine there is hardly a limit to the speed he—aFid the engine—may attain. We maintain that such records as these are not cycle records. The rider might just as well be hitched on to his mechanical pacer by a rope, when of course, he would get no credit for the speed attained. It is time pacing methods such as these were discountenanced. Let us resort to the old style of man against man, and then our racing idols will be athletes worthy of the admiration they win by their exploits. The other events would then be looked upon in the light they ought to be, viz., remarkably ingenious per- formances, but not cycle races or records.

The number of things which ladies may not do in hotels will soon be as large as the number of things they may do if publicans continue their present course of action. Only a few months ago a lady customer attired in " rationals " was re- fused admission to the coffee-room of an hotel by the somewhat:prudish landlady. The landlord of a London hotel has gone one better, so to speak,for he ejected a lady from his premises, in company with her husband and a friend, merely because she had a liking for the weed, and indulged in it in the bar. Boniface seems to have been legally right, and could probably take similar prohibitive measures with his male customers if he so desired, but that is a very remote possibility. But in what light are we to take these new landlordial regula- tions? Publicans are either becoming auto- cratic, or they are developing into moral reformers on a small scale. As a moral reformer" mins host" appears in a new and strange rOle, and one which he has plenty of op- portunity of acting up to. Whatever the new de- velopment may really mean it is plain that the license-holders have no intention of showing laxity in the good management of their house:. We do not, however, subscribe to their views as demon- strated in the cases msnti3ned.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES,

LBY A CORRESPONDENT.] Lamentable revelations were made at the inquest held by Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, at the Runcorn Police Court, last Monday afternoon. A poor woman met an undoubtedly untimely death trough ignorance and neglect, on the part of those in whose care she was. A perusal of the case fills the reader with feelings of downright disgust, and the paper is laid down with the firm conviction that all the coroner said in indignant censure was more than deserved.

"Beer and buttermilk " ! what stuff upon which t 3 attempt to sustain a woman in such a delicate condition. The midwife, Mrs. Owen, who attended to the woman admitted thht she ot her own know- ledge was aware the woman was given that horrify- ing mixture. Then the" kindly" services of the neighbour disclose a condition of affairs positively monstrous—aye, barbarous ! We talk of Mission- aries to the Black and Yellow ; .why the Missioner has work enough at home, when such case' of abject degradation are to bo unearthed in "Enlightened England in the 19th Century.

The question asked by the jury respecting the provision of a "cisildren's paddling ground" on the Banks of the Manchester Ship Canal reminds me of the magnificent scheme Dr. McDougall some years ago—when the erection of the Victoria-road Board Schools was the topic of the district—sub- mitted. This provided for the excavation of the basement of the school in which suitable swimming baths were to have been erected, and that swim- ming instruction was to have become part of the curriculum. 'Tis an old story, certainly ! But it mnst be refreshing, for the Denominational and Undenominational sections to look back at those times and reflect? In those days, Jr. McDougall's scheme was rejected! Now,we find out the reasons. The Denominational section objected to them "be- cause the schools would be too attractive," and naturally their own would suffer! The undenomina- tional section "objected to the expenses.' Yet, got taunted with the `bogie"Down with the Rates which figured so prominently at the last election. Those were the reasons, and possibly, if they had been as generally reflected upoa as they have since, there would at present be no need for a "paddling ground."

The appointment of Mr. F. A. Lake,solicitor,Run- corn, as clerk to the Justices of the Peace for the Eddisbury Division (Frodshana) comes as a sur- prise to most people though for some time I have suspected that the appointment lay between that gentleman and Mr. A. Browite,solicitor, of Warring- ton, both capable and efficient lawyers. That the honour has tallen to Runcorn is a matter to be proud of and I heartly congratulate Mr. Lake upon his appoin:ment.

Another person to be congratulated is dr. Robert Harold Possnett, The Mount, Mouglands-lane, Run- corn, upon his unopposed return to the representa- tion of Heath Ward on the town governing body. A valuable and sincere friend of Runcorn (tr. P. Speakman) was ruthlessly removed by death, and whilst the town mourns that almost irretrevable loss, it cannot but rejoice that to fitting a person as Mr. Possnett has been secured to fill the vacancy. Mr. Possnett is too well-knoNn to nes,: further re- commendation.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
-.6.__. STOCKTON HEATH.

110 PEN AIR SERVICE IN HILL CLIFFE BURIAL GP,JUND. —During the summer months it has been decided by the members of the ancient Baptist Church situate at Hill the weather permits in the prettily situated burial place Cliffs to hold the Sunday evening services ootside when behind the church. These servicas should not only be profitable to those who attend them, but also become very popular, owing to the views which are to b 3 seen from this naturally favoured spot. On a clear day to the North East, looking across some beautiful c iuntry the hills round about Bolton are ti be seentwhilst direct North Billinge Hill situated on the other side of Wigasi, is very distinct. To the West the winding cf the River Mersey front Runcorn is to be traced and appears to lie at the root of Rill Cliffs and looking across the meadows by the river in that direction, Earlestown, Collins Green, and the districts round about St. Helens are plainly to be seen. The first service was conducted last Sunday As many members and friends of the church assembled evening by the pastor, the Rev. J. S. Hughes. to take part in the service and " passers by" evidently attracted by the service also j nued in the devotions there was quite a numerous congregation. After the Usual opening service Mr. Hughes entered upon his dis- course taking hie text from the 21c1 Book of Kings 13 chapter and 21 verse, "And it canal to pass as they were burying a man, that ehold they spied a band of men and they cast the man into the Sepulchre of Elisha, and when the man was let down and touched the bones of Ho,ha, he revived and stood up on his fi”t." After des- cribine the incident Mr. Hughes then drew lessons front " Heroes in Natural Life," " Heroes in Church Life," " Heroes in Homo Life." and then draw the attention of his hearers to the life and death of the greatest Hero the world had ever seen and known viz., Jesus Christ. Mr. Hughes' discourse was a m e most inspiring and eloquent one and as he is possessed of an excellent v"oce his remarks were clearly to be heard by all those who had assembled to the service. The service throughout was well con- ducted and it was a distinct pleasure to notice the manner in which all who visited the churchyard, whilst the service was proceeding,ceaducted themselves.

Music IN THE PARK-. On Thursday evening, Mr. T. J. Down's military bind will occupy the band stand in the park and play (weather permitting) the following selection of music under the conductorship of Mr. T. J. Thwu ;—March, " Aurora," Ivermee ; overture, " Z ;nips," Ilerol,l ; val-e, "Litr,le Gleaners," It leder; selection," The Sore-rer," Sullivan ; patrol, " Tur- kish," Michaelis ; overture, 'Light Cavalry," Supp 4 ; Fantasia, " America," Winterlnt,tom. " God Sire the Queen."

===== 0002601_18990630_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SIR MONTHS volt TEnwr.

At the Cheshire Quarter Sessions,on Wednesday before Sir Horatio Lloyd, John Clarke, alias Rooney, was sen- tenced to six months imprisonment for obtaining £3 103 by msans of a trick at Ruacorn. HALTON TRINITY WESLEYAN SEWING MEETING.

A mist successful sewing meeting was promoted by the inembars and friends of this place of worship, at Halton, on Wednesda7. A large number of the St. Paul's Caurcb congregation also rendered valuab:easiist- ance. The proceeis amounted to about £2.

MERSEY MISSION PICNIC

The Runcorn Branch of the Mersey Mission ta Sea- naen promoted a very enjoyable picnic last Monday. 'the company which numbered about 34 proceeded in waggonettes to Delamere Forest. The weather kept fine, though throughout the day it was hazy, aT.cl plenty of enjoyment was provided. At 4 o'clock tea was laid on the grass in regular picnic style. Alter delightful rambles through the woodlands the party returned, arriving in Runcorn a little after nine p.m.

THE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT -WIDNES.

At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, the Mayor (Alderman J. W. Wareing) presided. The Deputy- Magistrates' Clerk said that he had received a let:er from the medical officer at Walton prison, stating that by the Governor's permission he asked for a reman 1 warrant for Cares Morris, who was brought up on the 19 11 inst., for attempting to commit suicide. The prisoner had teen taken seriously ill, and it might prove fatal- lie was unfit to travel.—Toe applization was granted.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
INSOLENT BEGGARS AT RUNCORN.

John Kelly, alias Jos,pla Dickinson, and James Lyons were begging about Greenway-road on Sunday nigtit, in a very insolent manner. They were seen by Saperin- tondant D. Pearson, who spoke to them about their behaviour. The men, however, carried their insolence so far as to justify the Superintendent in locking them up.—On Tuesday they were brought up before Mr. John Ockleston at th,i Runcorn Police Court, when Kelly received one month, and Lyons 14 days' imprisonment.

ST. LITHE'S ANNI-TERSARY S'ERVICE. S.

Oa Sunday last the anniversary services of the St. Luke's Sunday schoJl were held at the Bethesda Congre- gational church, anfi were well-attenied throughout. The preacher at the various services were thi Rev Charles E Watson, of Lvium. During the after• ricon a special vrvice was held for parents and frlends wh,na Mr. Watson 'gave a vigorous and comprehensive address. Special music was sung by choir and scholars. Tne school apparently is in a healthy state and accom- plishing good work. The collections taken were a sub- stantial indication of the appreciation of their value.

URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION-REPRESENTATION

OF Elaern WARD.

The vacancy in tne representation on the Runcorn Urban District Council—Reath Ward—caused by the death of Mr. Philip Speakman, .1 P. C A.' Fox Hill, Frod- sham, as been filled by the unopposed return of Mr. Robert Harold Possnett, The Mount, Moughland's-lane, Runcorn. tanner. Mr. Possnett, is well-known through- out the district as a shrewd and painstaking business man, and his appearance npon the public governing body of the town will doubtless be hailed with consider- able pleasure in in tny quarters. Fie represents not only a valuable iniustry, but the interests of a strong and vigorous community.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT THE LIBERAL CLUB.

On Friday night, at the Liberat Clubroom, Regent- street, Rituw,rn, Mr. Thomas Lea, the popular chairman of committees, was toe recipient of a handsome dress- ing case as a token of regard and esteem from the members of the club and their friends. Originally it was intended to make the presentation to Mr Lea upon his departure abroad, whither he was advised to go for the benefis of his health ; but owing to the severe illness of his wife, Mr. Lea was obliged to forego his trip. The presentation was made on Friday night as stated and Mr. Lea suitably acknowledged toe gift. We are pleased to be able to record that ,Mrs. Lea, whose illness has been of a protracted nature, is now apparently on the high road to recovery. CROWNING TEE ROSE QUEEN AT WESTON POINT.

Last Saturday the pretty lit:le village ot Weston Point was en fire when the ceremony of crowning the " Rose Qesevs elect" took plac4. The village was gay with flowers and bunting, and an interesting, procession was witnessed by a large concourse of people. Afterwards a festival was held in a field. A charmingly-attirel young lady, Miss Lizzie Savage, was crowned queen by Mrs. Coilcion, and to her Majesty, who was attended by maids of honour and a bodyguard of soldiers, ware pre- sented historic characters, and cUaracters famous in fabled story and nursery rhyme. Thera were alFo m ris dancing, action songs, and various kinds of drill, in which the young people perforFned excellently. Subse- quently there was dancing until dusk. MILTON P.S.A., WIDNES. - -

The usual open service of this brotherhood took plare an Sunday last, when the chair WAS taken by Mr. W. Ainsworth, who made a few remarks on " Ornaments in the Church." Mr Abbott Sang " Not unto us, 0 Lord," and" Comfort ye, my people," very effectively, weiving hearty appreciation for his services. The speaker, Mr. Millar, gave a capital address on " A Woman's Sacrifice to serve Curist," showing that we ought to do and give the very bast that is possible, even at the cost of envy, jealousy, oppesition, and hatred from others, and irrespective of monet try value, even though it may seem extravagant, if for Christ's sake. Then we may receive approval and the blessing " She hath done what she could." He pointed out many ways how we could break the alabaster box of ointment in public life, by giving old-age pensions, ani minimizing the evils of children's labour, and alleviating the curse of the drink traffic, and in many other instances to do the thing that would be most beneficial to the majority of our fellows around us. THE REV. C. W. L. CHRISTIEN ON CHRISTIAN INDECISION.

In a special sermon delivered to young men, at St. Paul's Wesleyan Cnurca. on Sunday night. the Rev. C. W. L. Christiec (superintendent of the circuit) made an eloquent appeal to his hearers to put away their indeci- sion. Man was forced to choose ! What was it to have a heart like that soeken of by the Psalmist when he said " Unite my he irt to fear Thy name." It was to have what he would call "religious decision." It was not a mere ac- knowledgment; not a regard for the beauty of the services of God that was required. That which on ought to do, aad that which ode chose to do were two different things; and they were compelled to choose the works of God and God's service if they intended to be decided Christians. Tlwy could not be half Christians; they could not hold out ttse hope of peace and comfort to those who were halting and pausing; for the dicision —the choice—the becoiniug a Cnristian—was an irrevocable step, that was to be decided once for all. Yet religion was like health liable to be lost or perman- ently injured if not nurtured and cared for. SONS OP TamnsEun• n RUNCORN.

Tne half-yearly meeting of the above society was held on Saturday night in the Greenway-road school- room, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Cooke. Therm was a fair attendance of members. After business of a routine character had been trsusacted, it was decided that the " Cadets " should have their annual treat to Overton Hills as soon as convenient. The election of officers then took place with toe following result :—Pat- riarch (chairman), Mr. Thomas Cooke ; asseciat Mr. Thomas Whyte ; recording secretary, Mr. 'Thomas J. Holt; fin tricial secretary, Mr. James Johnson; treasurer, Mr. Daniel Bisbrovrn ; chaplain, Mr. James Moors ; sick stewards, Messrs. Thomas Clarke and Edward Key; conductors, Messrs. William Edgley and John Jones ; sentinels, Messrs. Thomas Clarke and Thomas Dutton ; auditors, Messrs. Thomas and William Cooke ; secretary of cadets, Edward Key ; patron, Thomas Whyte. Alter considerable discussion it was decided to have a demon- stration and procession in August to celebrate the Jubilee of the institution of the order in this country. The following were elected representatives to the Grand Divisisin meeting to be held at Winsford:—Messrs James Johnson, Daniel Bisbrown, Thomas Clarke, George Holt, A. Noden, and Edward Key, jun.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSIGE'S EMPLOYSX-S' -ANNUAL EXCURSION.

The venue this year, choeen by the customary 'ballot, of the annual excursion of the emplop'o of Messrs. Gus. sage wits the ever popular Lancashire sea-side resort, Blackpool, and to that destination some 1,700 trippers were conveyed by three special trains on Saturday. Promptly to time the trains, loaded with their happy freight, steamed out of the Widnes London and North- Western station. By the time Wigan had been passel, all appearance of disappointing weather had vanished, and the sun shone brightly on the speeding Widnesians. Breezy Siackpool was reached about 10 a.m. The town fully maintained its reputation, and hat guards were found to be very useful. Upon arrival the excursionists lost no time in mingling with the members of the other 41 excursions to the town, and seeking pleasure out of the thousind and one avenues open to them at every turn. The tide being in, the majority wandered down the promenade to watch the play of the water, or else rambled on to the piers to listen to the various orchestral performances. The sea b Aug rough, no boats were out, and consequently the excur- sionists were debarrei the pleasure of yachting or row- ing, but all the other places of amusement were well patronized, and the shops, displaying their fancy wares and mementoes of the gay town of pleasure, were not forgotten. The Tower was a centre of attraction, and many ascended to the dizzy height of the upper plat- forms despite the boisterous wind. The Great Wheel, Winter Gardens, and the Alhambra, all came in for their share of attention, as well as the numerous shows upon the beach. As six o'clock approechel the excursioniets turned t'neir feet towerds the stetion, well satisfied with their day's outing, and laden w.th the spoils of the sea and the ioevitable Blackpool rock. Undoubtedly every- body enjoyed themselves to the.full,and the indefatigable and praiseworthy efforts of Mr. Puysh contributed in no small degree to this end. The journey home was made quickly and safely, the lase train arriving in Widnes at 9 p.m. Mr. McConnell, the Widnes station mast r, is also dezerving of commendation for the intoner in which the rsilway arrangements were, carried out. Acording to custom, the empleees received their ususl berms, viz. men is 6d and boys is each, t 3 defray their expenses.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOMAN S TERRIBLE END AT RUNCORN. A HUSBAND AND MIDWIFE AND NEIGHBOUR CONCERNED.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Monday, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held an inquest upon the body of Harriet Wakefield, wife of John Wakefield, waterman, who died on Saturday night, under extramdinary cir- cumstances.consequent upon a recent confinement.—Mr. Ellis Gatley was foreman of the jury.—The police were represented by Superintendent Pearson and Inspector Hicks.

John Wakefield, waterman, said he resided at 33, Fryer-street, R incorn. Deceased was his wife, and 37 years of age. His wife was confined on Tuesday the 20:11 inst., whilst he was away with his boat. The mid- wife attending her was Jane Owen. He was at home on the Thursday and Friday and saw the mid-wife. As far as he could see his wife seemed to be going on all right, anyhow he was not told anything by Mrs. 0 .ven net would indicate his wife was not doing well. On Saturday morning his wife died. He sent for the mid-wife and also for a doctor. Dr. Robin- sni was first celled in, but he believed that Dr. McDougall came afterwards. As far as he knew his wife had no drink during her confinement. The reason he did not go to see his wile was because his work kept him away. He went away on the Saturday morning and returned about 4 o'clock OR Saturday afternoon. A man told him that his wife was dead somewhere be- tween time and four o'clock. He did not go home to see her on hearing the news,but stopped at his captain's house because he was so upset.—The Coroner : I should think if you were upset; you would have gone home to see abut it ?—Witness : I blame myself for that. I ought to have dene. lint I was so upsese—The Coroner : Then it was a nice way of showing your upsettedness!— A Juror : Have you been living apart from your wife P—No, sir.—How long have you been living to- gether ; and how long in Fryer-street P--We have been living together about 14 years, and in Fryer-street about 2i Years. Jane Owen. an elderly woman, of Runcorn, said she had been out many years as a mid-wife, but was not certified. She attended the deceased during confinement and had been to the house several times a day up to the time of death. Deceased appeared to be going oa all rieht, only she had a bad cough. Witness wanted her to have a doctor in on the Wednesday to toe baby ; and also wanted her to send for a doctor for herself and the baby on the Thursday. Witness sent for Dr. Robinson to comets the baby, but no doctor came. Deceased told witness she del not require a doctor, as she had been that way before—it was an old couele. On Saturday morning the husband came to her house, and said the deceased was worse. She went immediately and also sent for Dr. Robinson, but got no answer. She sent four different people to request Dr. Robinson to come. Subeequeatly she went to fetch Dr. McDougall. He came at something after nine o'clock and did all lie could. He ordered de- ceased some nourishment but she died about half-past eleven o'clock. Witness sent for the doctors, but would not be answerable to them for fees and there was a diffi- culty in getting doctors when people could not pey the fees.—Pressed by the Coroner witness stated she sent on Wednesday for the doctor to came to the baby ; but it was Saturday morning when she sent for a doctor for the woman : that would be after the husband had been to see her. The deceased seemed to ge worse on Friday.—Then why did you not send for a doctor on Friday P—Witness : She would not have one.—Did you speak to her about it? I spoke to her on Wednesday and begged her to send for a doctor -to give her something for her colt— Why did she not have a doctor? She said she would , not have one, as she had been like that all the winter. —Continuing, witness said that deceased said she had ' had coughs and bad bouts for some time. She had also had diarrhera very badly all the time before she was called in. Witness wanted her to have something to ease it. She drank some buttermilk and beer. Witness I knew deceased had had some beer .and accused her of it.—By Superintendent Pearson :—Did you ever see her the worse for liquor P—Witness : Since Tuesday? Oh! no. She had, however, seen deceased have some bitter beer.—Had you reason to think she had too much ? I could not say because her speech was going a little. I could not understand her very well. It was on Thurs- day or Friday.—The Coroner : Did you not think, see- ing her speech was going on Thursday you should have insisted upon her having a doctor ?—Yes, sir. I told her on several occasion.. She had had drink, but witness could not say who had fetched it for her.—Tbe Coroner: Don't you know that when you take upon yourself the attention of a woman in her confinement, von assume a very responsible position P—Witness : Yes, sir, and I always do my duty.—The Coroner: Had you done so on Thursday you would have sent for a doct sr.—Witness : Well, sir, they will not come without tieing paid.—Dr. McDougall observed that that was hardly true. He did not think there was a doctor in the district who would have refused te see the woman, had they been requested, and the statement of the wit. , nese was a libel upon doctors generally. By Superintendent Pearson : During the time you were attending the woman did vou see anyone else there P—Witness : I saw Mrs. Restock there.—With regard to Mrs. Restock's condition on Saturday was she drunk or sober P—l did not see her.—After several evasive replies witness stated that Mrs. Bost )ck was of intemperate habits. Witness had not seen Mrs. Bostock fetch drink, but she had seen a little boy fetch morns rum and beer. The lad did not fetch whiskey as deceased did not take it. By the Coroner : What state was Mrs. Bostock in ?-- Witness : She was sober inough.—The Coroner : If she was sober enough how can you account for the doctor ordering her out of the house.—Witness : That was in the afternoon and not whilst I was there.—The Coroner: You knew that beer and rum were being taken into the house. Did you try and see the husbend and tell him what was going on P—Witness : On the Friday after- noon i went up and waited to see Dr. McDougall to tell him the COUSB4uences of it,but I did not see the husband. —Ernest Wakefield, son of Charles Wakefield, and nephew of the deceased, said he resided with his uncle John Wakefield ever since be was two years old. He was now 13 years of age. He knew the circumstances of his aunt'a death. His aunt had drink. Mrs. Bostock frequently came to the house, and he had fetched ' whiskey, beer, and rum, on several occasions. Jane Owen WSB in the house also, and knew lee fetched the liquor. His uncle and aunt lived together always, that he knew of. But there were four or five other men also residing in the same house. Questioned by Dr. Mc- D eugall as to whether he had been to school, the lad re- plied in the affirmative. He used to go to Trinity and the Board Schools, and almost all of them. He had not been looked up by Mr. Bowyer, and had probably slipped the school authorities' _memory. He bad passed the second standard.—The lad signed his depositien in remarkably good hand-writing for a lad of standard two a subject both the Coroner and Dr. McDougall commen- ted upon. Constable George Carrington stated that he had known the parties for about three years. The husband had been living apart from his wife and they only come together about a twelve-month previously. The deceased woman was of very intemperate Dr. Findlay McDougall said as far as he could remem- ber he had never attended the deceased before, but that wag a point upon which he could not be quite sure. Dr. Robinson came to him a little after nine o'clock on the Saturday and made a statement to him about the present case and requested witnecs to accompany him. Dr. Robinson said it was a case of gross neglect, an opinion he (Dr. McDougall), confirmed entirely. Dr—Robinson said the woman was dying. They went in company to the house and up- stairs he found the woman in the condition Dr. Robinson had described. The house appeared to be destitute of anything that a person in deceased's condition ought to have had. He, however, arranged that what was re- quisites should be supplied forthwith. They met the Parish Nurse at the gate of his braise and she accom- panied them down to the house. He saw the mid-wife then, and she appeared sober enough. He also saw a deaf man and S. couple of others on the floor breaking sticks. They said that the husband left that morning and the impression left upon him (witness) was that the husband acted very meanly. They (the doctors) were anxious to do all they could, and he would again say they as doctors were compelled to make great sacrifices. —The Coroner observed he did not think there was any class in the community who made such sacrifices for the sake of the community as doctors did. And he had, in his experience, had to deal with a great number of cases.—Dr. McDaugall, centinuing,said he knew that Dr. Robinson was much dietreased, as it was a case that he thought would have to be investiga- ted to see whether the responsibility for the state of affairs could be laid upon anyone. He addressed some few words to the deceased, but the woman would not speak to him at all, and there was considerable diffi- colts, in getting to know her true condition. Still the woman was not absolutely unconscious. He would go Flo far as to say that he considered that the mid-wife had acted no to her rights, end anything she may have dole was owing entirely to ignorance of what she ought to no. The cause of death would be blood poisoning, in some form. In his opinion if a doctor had been called in on the Thursday there might have been a reasonable chance of the wonsan's recovery. With regard to the "whisky and rum" he considered it was a very repre- hensible proceeding. He saw the woman Bosteck in the house and knowing her to be no fit woman te be near the deceased he had made " no bones "about bundling her out. At that time, however, he did not know the deeessed was deed, as it was on a subst'quent visit, he turned the woman out.

The Coroner asked Mrs. Bostock whether she wished to give evidence, and upon 11:.r electing to do so she es i 4 she was the wife of James Bostock and resided at 16, Alcock-street, Ruccorn. She visited the deceased 'very day until her death.—The Coroner : Did yrau send the boy Ernest on the afternoon of the confinement tor some rum P—Witness : I have seen her drink brtter beer.—The Coroner : That is not the ques- tion. It is said :hat you have been drunk in deceased's bedroom P—Witnetis : That is not true : No,

sir.—The Coroner : Is it true that: you have had drink there P—Witness : It is that little boy's neglect ;he did not look after tiQr. I am the mother of a large family myself.--ifter further evasive answers, the wit- ness continuing said : The deceased spoke to her the same as usual on Friday. Mrs. Owen was trying to persuade her to have a doctor. The husband was there on the Tuesday and Wednesday night 3, but she could not remember whetiaer he was there on the Thursday night. She considered the husband had done his duty as any other man would have done it. She could not tell what had become of the half-pint of brandy left by the doctor, but thought the old man had it.—By Super- intendent Pearson : She was well aware she was upon her oath. She had not been drinking w;th the decmsed daily. She did come to the Police Office and make a deposition to Police-Constable Carrington. She did not say to the officer that she was" drinking daily" but that" a pint of beer cams to the house daily." She did not attend to the deceased ; there was another per- son doing that.—The Coroner : Have you never 10-2 en drunk in your house P—Witness : My husband was at home.--k Juror: Is it not a fact thit you gave the de- ceased 891116 spirits on Thursday afternoon P—Witness : I bad no money for that. We were hard up ourselves at the end of the week—The Superintendent : Did the decbased give you any money P—Witness: No.

Dr. McDougall: They tell me that the brandy was divided between the people, and there is uo doubt she had a share too.

The Coroner: Just so. In summing up Mr. Worsiey said to his mind it revealed a very shocking state of affairs. It showed the heartlessness of the husband and he coed not conceive of any man acting in that way toward the woman he had made his wife. As to the midwife, Dr. McDougall had said good naturedly that she had acted to her rights. Well he would accept that. There had been some talk of a bill being brought into Parliament treating with the registration of naid-wives, and he thought that case was one that brought very strong evidence upon that subject. There was no doubt that upon a mid- wife taking possession of a case in that way, where there was no doctor in attendance, it was her strict duty to warn not only the patient, but the husband, and who ever may be in the house of the gravity of the case, and upon the case going beyond the grasp of the mid-wife, a doctor should be called. There could be little doubt that the woman was of intemperate habits, and there could be little doubt but that the woman, Rostock, who had decided to give her evidenc was drunk, which was a most disgraceful state of things. Nothing was provided for the woman, either due to her I own intemperate habits, or to the neglect of others. It was a shocking sate of things, especially in the face of the fact that the doctor was of opinion that had medical aid been called in from the Wednesday there would have been a chance of her recovery. He felt so strongly that he would ask the jury to censure every- one concerned with the exception of the doctor and police. The husband had neglected his wife grossly, I and the mid-wife must have known of the drinking that was going on and also the neighbour who went in to drink with her. Something had been said with regard to the doctors being unwilling to come without their fees. In his experience, however,it was one of the very , last things a doctor looked to. He did not know any class of men who were more seif-sacrificing. and willing to do anything for the poor people, attending them even when there was act the slightest hope of any payment. He did not think they would attach any importance to that aspersien upon the doctors. Indeed, the statement contradicted itself, and in fixing upon Dr. Robinson and Dr. McDougall—both of whom were well known for the amount of good they did for the poor—the illustration was an obvious contradiction of Itself. He advocated the bringing in of a verdict of death from natural causes —probably blood poisoning, and if the jury liked to add anything in the way of censure they could do so. After a lengthy retirement the jury brought in the following verdict :—" The deceased has probably died from natural causes—blood poisoning. The jury are of the opinion that the deceased has contractei her death by her own intemperate habits, and great blame is due to the midwife and husband for not calling in a doctor, and that an Act should be passed for the registration of mid-wives. Mrs. Rasteck, we also desire, should be censured for her conduct In the case."—The Coroner: I heartily agree with you. The Coroner (to the husband): lam sorry to say that the verdict of the jury is one which is very disgraeef al for you to hear. It is a very !disgraceful 'thing for me to have to say to you that you being the husband of this woman, on hearing of her death never went to inquire about her. The jury consider that your conduct has been wholly reprehensible and request me to censure you and I do so for your neglect to your wife.—To the told-wife: You have been a mid-wife in Runcorn for many years, and I hope I may never see you here upon a similar case again. If I do, most assuredly, you will be most severely dealt with. The jury considerthat you should have informed everyone about the house that a ' doctor was necessary, and not only that, you should I have seen that a doctor was sent for. When you take the charge of a woman in her confinement you are putting yourself in a responsible position. You are occupying a position which should be occupied by a medical man, and if anything goes wrong you are liable to be called in question. In future when you think a doctor is re- quired you must certainly at once see that a doctor is got; and if the persons are not in a position to pay for medical attendance, you must see that the medical officer of the district is communicated with in a proper way. Your conduct Is very censurable.—To Mrs. toak : I did not want to call you and therefore asked you whether you would like to give evidence. You de- sired it, otherwise. I should not have called you, for I consider in the evidenee you have given, you have not given it truthfully. You gave your evidence on oath. I am sorry to say I cannot accept it as being true. I be- lieve that y, ea and this women (deceased) were drink- ing in the house together. I believe you did that know- ing that the woman was ill and that you were in a thorough state of recklessness and did not do what you should have done as a neighboer. You are very greatly censurable. Censurable for drinking with a woman re- cently confined, and that too in face of the fact that you yourself have had children ; you are censurable for not having told the husband ; and von are censurable also as the person who should have known better. I hope I shall never see you here again. The Coroner added he would not allow those witnesses any expenses.

THE LIGHTING OF RUNCORN LOCKS;

LETTER FROM MR. JON MEADOWCROFT.

At the inquest held at the Runcorn Police Court, on Monday afternoon, the Coroner (Mr. J. E. Woreley), in- formea the jury that, as requested at the recent inquiry into the death by drowning of Charles Barton, a War- rington law student, he had communicated with Mr. Meadowcroft, as representing the Ship Canal Company, and he received the following reply :—.‘ I beg to ac- knowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th inst. and the same shall have my best attention. Perhaps I may say that the watchman has the discretion of lif!hting the lamps if he think 4 the darkness calla for i. On Oa night of the unfortunate occurrence I was on the lock side myself at 11.5 p.m., and within 300 yards of the mishap, and it was not what I should call dark. At all events, with ordinary care, a parson could have crowd the locks safely, espeeially over the footboarl which leads to Bridgewater House. It is a good broad ere,and fitted up to make the creasing as sife RS plisible. The gate, which it was thought the deceased was attempting to cross RR a footbaard, is simply to allow for boatmen working the locks, and the bottom gates are not so favourable f3r inexperierced per4oo4 to gross as this one. Had he gone over the proper foot way he would have incurred no risk whatever. Never- theless. I feel extremely sorry that such a misfortune should have arisen, and I am willing to do what is possible and practical to guard against accident, and I may say I have instructed the watchman not to hesitate. to light the lamps if he considers the weather justifies it. The months of June and July are the months dur- ing which we clean the lamps" The Coroner said he was sure the jury would be glad the recommendation they made had received attention. The Jury thanked the Coroner and several inquired whether anything further had been heard with respect to the fencing off of a portion of the Ship Canal by Ferry Hut for the purpose of a bathing place for the young folk of the town. The Coroner observed that he had also received a letter respecting that, but the matter was not quite ripe yet.

RUNCORN B9ATING CLUB.

Mr. Rigby—the well-known photographer—of Runa corn, was the guest of the Runcorn Boating club, on Saturday afternoon, when a fair number ef members turned up at ths B ,at HOUSO, and aftr‘r the boats were photographed on the water, proceeded up the river, and there choo.ing on of the many pretty wooded spots on the banks of the Weaver, a zroup was transferred to dry plate. The rowing from this point to Dutton Lock, three miles further on, was cmipatitive, each boat try- ing to maintain the lead. The " Nora," however arrived at the Lock first, carrying for her crew—quite a coincidence—the Secretary ; Treisurer ; Captain; and sub-Captain ; which fact rends to prove that the officials of the club cultivate physical excellence, as well as the mental powers exercised in the manage- ment of the club affairs ; which judging by results are exercised to advantage. After tea the members indulged in running, and :jumping fr s•nall prizes coctributed amongst themselves. The most notable feature of which was the high backward jump by Mr. W Thomas, he clearing a fairly high hedge row, winning the first prize amid deserved applause. Th!spoat house was reached about 8.45, where,af ter a delimits plunge in the tepid waters of the Weaver, the members expressed •their atisfaction with the outing.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SPIRITUALISM.

On Sunday and Monday Mrs. Porter, of Patricrof addressed three meetings at the Spiritualist Hall, Bewsey-street, and a. each meeting gave clairvoy- ance, with the addition of psychometry on Monday evening.

L'IGGS FOR SITTING from the following breeds: Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Red Caps, Blue Andalusians. }louder's, Buff Cochins, Barred Plymouth Rocks, Black OrpinCons, White Brahmas, Black Langshans, Silver Wynadotues, Indian Game; and the following Crooses (male bird first) : Houden—lndian Game, Brown Leghern—Rei Cap. Brown Ler,horn—Buff Cochin, Brown Leghorn—Golden Wvaadotte, White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Buff Orpington—first cross hens. All eggs one price, viz, 3s per sitting packed, put on rail ;2s6d to those who fetch them. All 'infertile eggs replaced. At HENRY' DRAPER'S, Mather-lane, Lowton (near Newton-le-Willows). No business done on Sunday. Five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station.

VOR SALE, by private treaty, a CONFECTIONERY and 1 GROCERY BUSINESS, in a prominent part of the town ; good position. For full Particulars,—Apply WILLILY: IdoNKs, 61. Sankey-street. Warrington.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM £5 10s. TO £lO 10s., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES aorrespondinglv low. Veeders 35., Foot Pumps. 2s. 3d.. etc., Mail Orders particularly attended to. Send for Catalogue. ARENA CYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

ELECTRIC LIGaTING. —The Corporation are prepared to receive TENDERS forthe supply, delivery, and erection of the tollowing work in connection with the ELECTRIC LIGHTING of the Botough : SECTION A.—Boilers of the Water Tube type, suitable for use in connection with destructors, Economizers and Pump:, SECTIoN B.—High-Speed Engines and direct coupled con- tinuous Current. Dynamos. Balancers, and Boosters. ErcrioN c.—Jet Condensing Plant, with circulating water pumps, electrically driven, Tank and Connecting Pipes. SEcri,N Exh‘ust and Feed Pipe work. SECTLO E.—Overheid 10-ton crane. SECTION F.—Switchboard and connections.

SECTION G.—Storage Battery. SECTION H.—Uhnerground Mains and Stoneware Conduits

and Boxes, &z.

SECTION I.—Arc Lamps and Posts: Copies of any of the above specifications, with temier form, drawings, and general conditions. can be obtained on and after Monday, June 26th, at the &files of Messrs Preece and Cardew, 13. Queen Anne's-gate, Westminster, S.W., upon payment of £l ls. for ealh section, to be returned on receipt of a bona-fid e_tender. _ _

Tenders, enclosed in a sealed envelepe, addressed to "The Chairman Eiectric Lighting Cornmittea," and endorsed on the outside " Electric Lighting Tender for • Section& " must be delivered at thA Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, Warrington, on or before noon of Tuesday, July 18th, 1899.

The Corporation do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender.

- J. LYON WHITTLII, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 21st June, 1899.

GLOVES A SPECIALITY.

The Most Complete Stock of Ladies' and Children's Gloves in Liverpool.

-.4

MILES PATENT SEAIILE.S3

GLOVES,

3s. 110. per pair, made from the finest French akin 3.

Endless brviety of ,tt We Alalcds ot Kai eiLld Suede GLOVES for Ladies at Is. 60., is. iid., 2s. 60., and 2s. lld, per pair.

Strong and Useful English Leather GLOVES for Girls, Boys, or Infants at Is. Oil., Is. 60., and is. Hid. per pair.

H ENIY MILES,

25, 25A, AND 31, CHURCH-STREET

(CORNER OF TA.RLETON-STREET),

===== 0002601_18990630_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

£lO TO £2,000.

COTTAGES.

VILLAS.

HOTEL 3,

BOARDING-HOUSES,

MANSIONS, FURNISHED THROUGHOUT FOR OASH OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS. PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. HE LIVER FURNISHING

COMPANY

(Established over 50 Years). 113, CAZNEAU-STREET, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Absolutely the Oldest, Largest, Best, and Cheapest Firm of Genuine, Fur- nishing Contractors. Carpet Factors, Iroatnong-Ts, and General Merchants in the North of England. NEW and SErIOND-HAND RE- LIABLE GOODS of every description. Tr ams from all Railway Stations in the City and the Pierhead pass the GREAT HOUSEHOLD FURNISHING TOREi every minute. Fare One Penny. 11) 1_ CAZ NBAU-STRE LIVERPOOL.

FINE ARTS.

CONNOISSEURS and COLLECTORS of the FINE ARTS are respectfully invited to inspect • the Large and Valuable - Collection now in the possession of Kr. JOHN KING. and on view at his EXTENSIVE GALLERIES, 83, RENSHAW- STERET. LIVERPOOL. the w hole tl be Disposed by Private Treaty. and patrons may rely upon obtaining some of the best OLD and MODERN and AUTUENTICATED Produc- tions at most reason tble prices. The Pictures embrace Works by—.

—OIL PAINTINGS-- Sir E. J. POYNTER P.R.A. N. NICOL, R.S.A.R.A., Sir F. LEIGHTON, P.R.A.. P. F. POOLE. R.A., T. S. COOPER, R.A.. Sir JOHN GIILBRRT, R.A.,' BRITON RIVIEIIB, R.A. J. W. OA.KES, R.A , CAPON WOODVILLE, W HUGGINS. ROBERT TONGE. JOHN LINNELL, Sen • W. J. J. C. BOND. Eta.. Etc. —WATER-COLOUR DRA.WINGS— BIRKET FOSTER, F. W. TOPHAA, R.W.S., SAML. PALMER R.W.S, T. M. RICHARDSON,R.W.S, G. G. KILBURNE, R. 1., COPLEY FIELDING, J. H. MOLE, R.W. 3. P. DE WINT, WHITTAKER, Etc, Etc. The whole Collection numbering; upwards of 14C0 Works.and EVERY PICIURE GUARANTEED to be painted by the artist whose ry.me appears thsreon. Galleries opened from 9 a m to 6 p tn daily. ejOHN KING, FINS ART GA.LLERIES, 83. RESSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 2332. COLLECTIONS PURCHASED. Pietares restored and frames regilt equal to new:

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS.

BOOM AND SO:NS,

BLTTTERM ARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FOIL YOUR

WALKING DAY BOOT.

CUTTING PRICUS DIRE:IT FROM THU FA`3TORIES;

===== 0002601_18990630_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES SENT POST FREE. A MATTER OF IMPORTANCE

WHEN FURNISHING Is TO SECURE

BOUND, RELIA.BLE, AND ARTISTIC GOODS

AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. It i 3 an undoubted fact that you can BUY CHEAPER AND BETTER AT THE

pI 0 NE E:R

COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES,

9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THAN IN ANY OTHER ESTABLISHMENT. It mast be, however, borne in mind that the LOW PRICES are for Cash only.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SATCHELL'S

CLUB HATS.

THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES TS. 61). AND 10S. 6D,

48, LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
scorrs pILLS

Contain the finest drugs that can be procured

scm's pus Cure S lc Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT- pi lAA

rnd estion nd Restore the Appetite.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. SCOTS PILL

Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System

===== 0002601_18990630_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. Sc°rrs piLLs

The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified

DR. SCOTT'S pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold DR. Secin's PILLS

Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be pGrsuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigkt thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OF TUE MERSEY,

AND AGENTS FOR TEE FAMOUS RUDGB WRIT WORTH TRIUMPH,_ LEA FRANCIS, TOWNEND, AND

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. WE HAVE IN STOCK A QUANTITY OF

!SHOP SOILED AND SECOND HAND BICYCLES WHICH WILL BE SOLD AT REDUCED PRICES

-SOLE MAKERS OF THE ELEGANT CYCLE STAND "ALLEN'S PATENT."

A BICYCLE FOR 2S.

GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-OPERATIVE COUPON SYSTEM, Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, alio stamped directed envelope for full particulars and rules of our new system whereby you can obtain a Nigh Grade Lady or Gent's Bicycle for the ridiculous sum of 2s. No catchpenny but a genuine business transaction. THE SYREN CYCLE CO., 101,1 SMITHDOWN-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

OCR CHAINLESS OAFET! Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILIUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OCADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD.. 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LIVERPOOL. WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs In CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF

===== 0002601_18990630_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WALL _PAPERS

Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WABRINGTON.

R. CLAMP & SON,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide)... From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 95. 6d 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

1, LoRD-STREET,

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES,

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THB SHORTBST NoTicH. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANsOSI AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS. WAGONETTES, &c.. FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. ITYLEPHONE N. 169. BRANCH OFFICE: 24, HORSE qARKET-ST. OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffico. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOTIGHBOROIJOH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONI3 PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities.

PIISSS OPINIONS. vie cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard. "An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the qsality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and Imre costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun iz g the coming seascn in a very economical and effective manner."—" Hortiaultural

LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

- - Our COMPLRT ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain lag Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, hardy Plants, ac., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 50C Illustration, the whole forming a complete Garden guide, gratis and post free.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO THE WISE.

The fickle nature of the climate of this country of-en gives rise a a variety of ailments and complaints,which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition, neglwted and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will undermine the constitution, and fi n al! y result in a long and lingering illoe3B,and per- haps berminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month er so, makes it incumbent on al of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Alrealy we frequontly hear such complaints as •' No appetite." " ThpEe frequent headaches,"" This le n- guid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now tt re are several tonic mixtures offered b the Public, at none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of the Age for Nervousnss, Weakness, Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza.

The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly triei other remedies, can be accounted for by simply a ating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish.

2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases.

3rd: I: purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all pares of the body, for disease cannot exiq where there is a free circulation of pure blood. 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organa, and to the liver, thus aiding to keep away Indigestion, and the host of different forms of disease which result rom it.

5%. By remlving impurities,strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood, the human frame is well fortified to withstand the atticks of dis- ease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The V.Rgetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 21. 9.1. and 4s. 61. each, or will be sent car- riage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprie- tors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, SJuth Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name, "Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Battle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

AN INTERESTING POINT WITH REGARD TO EGGS.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday. before the Mayor (in the chair) and other magistrates, Patrick Sexton, junior, was summoned at the instance of Inspector Norman for emptying rstten eggs on the public street on June 14.—Mr. Powell said about 10 minutes past five on the day in question he bad occasion to cross Sharp•srreet and saw a cart opposite a shop and CICB3 by were two or three dozen rotten eggs on the ground. When defendant came out of the shop witness asked him why he had thrown the eggs there. Defend- ant replied he did not think he was doing any harm and picked the shells up with the help of a boy, but the con- tents were left on the ground.—By Mr. Browne (representing defendant) : The eggs were rotten ; be could smell them.—Mr. Browne said the eggs were not rotten, It was one of the most paltry CAS33 he had ever had to appear in. The defendant was taking eggs out of a case in his cart and putting them into a basket, and in doing so found several broken ones ; and in order to get out other ones picked out the broken ones ando put them on the street temporarily because he had n place to put them on his cart. It was impossible to find a rotten egg at thia time of the year amongst Irish ones.—Mr. Patrick Sexton, senior, egg merchant, said it was a fact that there were no rotten eggs at this period of the year.—By Mr. Eoberts : Be could tell a rotten egg by the feel of it.—Mr Roberts said he knew it was passible to tell by shaking an egg if it were froth but did not know one could *tell by th 3 feel.—Mr. Sexton adhered to his statement.—The Chairman said they could not allow the case to pass and defendant was fined' in the costs-6s. 6d.

DEFRAUDING TEN RUNCORN PUBLIC AND ASSAULTING

THH POLICH.-FOUR MONTHS' IMPHISONMHNT.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday. before Messrs. John Ockleston (presidine)and Francis Wiswall, a case of obtaining money under false pretences of rather an ingenious nature was heard.—John Inglefield, of Lostock Oralarn,was charged with unlawfully collect beg alms under certain false pretenses, and also with assaulting Police Constable Bratt whilst in the execution ot his duty,on the previous Saturday.—Prieoner pleaded guilty to both charges.—The evidence of Constable Alfred Brett, Frederick Pearson. Greenway-road ; James Stevens, Egerton-street and Charles Whoeley, parcels agent of L. and N. W. Railway Company, disclosed the following facts. The man Inglesfield went about with a petition worded to the following effect: "Kind friends please read over the leaf." And upon turning over it continued: "Mr. John Inglesfield has a great bereave-; ment in his house at the present time hio wife and child having died. He is very anxious ty bury them decently, and will be very grateful for ana evidence you can kindly give him." Then followed zeenlie- ef si,eneSuree evidently in the same handwrit- ing as ti,e Petal° ; and then a nunlber of apparently genuine ones "Mrs. Coward" is; and numeroas "Friends "for varying sums from 31 to Is. The con- stable's attention was called to the man, and as he emerge' out of a shop in Regent-street, Brett asked him to see the paper he was begging with. The man sub- mitted the papers (produced), an i said he lived in Sur- rey-street. Brett said he would go to Surreysstreet, and ascertain whether the facts were correct, and they started off in company. As they proceeded the man said " He lived in Holloway-road "so they proceeded in that direction. When passing under the railway bridge prisoner made as if to run away. but Brett brought him to with a " Not 30 fast my man." Prisoner then said : " Look here it is all a farce. aqd I will give you 21 to let me go." Bran replied he could not take bribes, and would have t arrest him. Inglesfield then said "There is not a policeman in Ruuc3rn that would take me." Brett quietly reciliel " Well, I will have to try." Prisoner then struck at the Censt able, and then there was a scuffle in which both tell to the ground. Prisoner bit the officer in tbe wrict, and other- wise assaulted him. In r 6,sponse to the officer's whistle, , however assistance came 'n the steeps of a couple rat the Railwae Co.'s empleyees. Subsequently prisoner was handcuffed, but owing to his persistent refusal to move he had eventually to be taken to the police station in a conveyance, the London and North-Westsrn Railway Co.'s parcel van being reqeieitioned to play the rote of "Black Maria."—Prisoner's wife appeared in court, and said the was his second wife. His children were alive and one of them was in court. They only came into Rnncern from Lostock on the previous Wednesday and had been staying at Cobbler's Lodging House, Fryer-street.—The Cnairman observed that it was a great shame of the prisoner to go abeut in that fraudulent way ; as such tricks caused people to he suspicious of even deserving people. They would take notice of that, and for obtaining the money under fa:se pretences he wonici have to go to prison for 3 mon'hs, For the assault on the police, he would be imprisoned for one month. Tbe sentences to run consrcavively. The money 7s 3d found on his person (the evident proceeds of his fraud), would go towards his maintenance in prison.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH. POLICE COURT.

Fttins—Y—.2ile-f-o-sr—e-ti; Mayor (presiding), Alderman Roberts, Councilor Smethurst, Dr. Gornall, and Mr. Hepherd. PROSECUTIONS FOR MAINTENiNcE.—Thorn43 Donald. collier, 99, Webb-street, Leigh, was brought up on a judg- ment summons for arrears of maintenance amounting to £3 5s 6cl and the costs for his wife's keep in the Warrington Union.—Mr. Shearor said defendant Ir.d only paid 21 in six months.—Order made for Si per week or in default one month--Thomas Lyons. 35, Worslay-street, Hulrne. was summoned for an amount of £3 9s 6d due for the mainten- ,tmce of his mother.—Mr. Shearer said the order was made on 1896. Defendant was a printer in regular work, and a single man. He asked for an order of 2s 61 per weak—An order for that amount was made. or in default one month. O'Ccnnsou's " NAUGHTINESS." —William O'Connor, 3. Sbepherd's•row, who did not appear. was charged wi'h com- mitting damage to property in Orford-st.—P.C. Baxenciale said he saw defendant stripping and removing coping stone) In a stone yard oceupied by Mr Gittens, in Orford-at. He was In the act of pushing some bricks off the wall when wit- ness got to him.—Asked by the Bouch why defendant had done this, the officer said he ha 4 hid a lot o trou le with O'Connor the same night, and he thou sht it was through " naughtiness " defendant had done it. --Mr. Smith said the wall belonged to Mr. Shepherd. A coping stone and three or four courses of bricks had been pushed off. The cost would be about 43 or 55.--The Bench fitied defen but the damage, and the costs, or 14 days in default.

PROSECUTIONS FOR bEtTRoYING oRlP3.—Sheff Bond and John Bond, 104, Fox-street, William Bate, 16, Hiswick-st and William Green, 23, Bostock-strcet, all boys, were summoned for destroying potatoes on the 13th Juno, and doing damage to the amount of 2; fid.—P.C. Healey said he watched the boys, who were in a fi-ld belonging to Baxter and Thomas B mnett. Claogate Farm, from 63? until 7 o'claek. The two Bonds were kicking with the heels of their shoes for new potatoes, lie told the parents of the boys they would be summoned. He hod gone there in consequence of complaints.—Hr Bennett said 'here had been a frightful amount of damage done tor about three weeks to his crops.—Fined Is each and the costs of the summons Samuel Leigh, 169, Longford-street, and Thomas Henry Bate. Loneord-street, were summoned tor destroying clover plants the property of James li.obinson, to the amount of is. —P.C. 'furrier BAid from complaints ree..l-7,1 ot ,lamavin ,

8 LAUCH A ~,'''.:', ii ' 8 Fl-:iiiiiALE. fil'iLL6

NEVER PAIL." Are ,Aziovlo.-12,-,1 to be t)ie only goittiiito remetlr for Correct IHECULARMES &OBSTRUCT3I%3 Tlit• care ctrt.ifl to e it re the obst inure easc,iiaO uriligi2o,,nt all that is desired tater all els? ft iis Thoitsqvds ef Testimonials. In boxes. 1. Id., 2,. 9d. ; trong, 4s. 6d., From all Ch?•iiists or sent fre, from observation by post from L. BLANCIIARD,Forest IW., DaLstoli,Londou.

crops in Orford-lane and Gorsey-Line he went there on June 15th and saw defendants lying on the grass which was much ItAttened.—Defendants were fined the costs of the summons. —J Tranter, 2, Warburton-street, and Austin Dagnall, 232, Winwick-roal, were similarly summoned, but in this case the damage done was to property of r Newton.—P.O. Turner said on June 7 he saw the two defendants in a clover field in Gorsey-lane. They were running about the field (ticking oft the tops of the clover.—Mr James Newton said lads had been taking bags full of clover from his field. There were Rood fences up but the llttla lads who came were like rats—they could get anywhere—A fine of Is each and the costs was inflicted.

Momoiv—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aide-man Blackhurst, and Councillors Shaw Green an 4 Smethurst. DRUNK AND DIS.)RUERLY.—AIary Broierick, N, Haydock- street. was charged with having been drunk and di orderly In Haydock-street, at 6,15 on Saturday night —Prisoner pleaded guilty. P C Cooper proved the case and prisoner was fined Sc and costs —Thomas Llewellyn was fined ss. and costs on the evidence of P C Clough, for a similar offense.—Jane Johnson. well-kno +in to the police, having been before the Court 57 times previously wls also charved with being drunk and di3orderly in Winwick-street at 9.30 on Saturday night. P C Howard gave evidence and the Bench sentenced prisoner to one month's imprisonment With hard labour.

ONE OF A GAN' n GAMISLEES.—Joieph 'Warburton was charged with playing a game of chance in Jone.'s btaildinge on Sunday afternoon.— P.C. Clough stated that at 4-20 on Sunday afternoon he and P.C. Wright were near Jones's building's. They watched prisoner pitching with about twe've other men. They got amongst them, and succeeded in cap tarring prisoner. T:se rest of the gang get away. P.O Wright followed some of them into a yard, where he had something thrown at him from a bedroom window. Prisoner refused to give his name and address —The Chief Constable said prisoner had been there once before. He had received Complaints from a neighbour about these men, and he,there- fore, asked the magistrates to make an example of the prisoner. Rh 9 police had seen no less than six gangs of these men. Whatever fine was inflicted it would be immedi- ately paid by the rest of the gang. There seers then three men in court who were ready to pay a fiue. —A fine of 20s in- °hiding costs was imposed. NINE SLEEP RES IN A HAYLOFT —D %Wel Crosby (83rd ap- pearaneel, Peter Scully, John Moleghen, Patrick Moran, Daniel Farrington. Martin Coyne, Kli%3 Hirst, Charles Carter, Joseph Boyne, were charged with sleeping in a at able belonging to Mrs Locker. weengrocer, early on Monday morning.—Prisoners pleaded guilty.—P C. Sankey said that he and P.C. Reddington found the defendants sleeping In a loft, They said they had permission to sleep there. but it was found that was not so. With the assiatanee of three other officers they were taken to the pollee station.—The Chief Constable said the men were a ba4 lot. They had all been to prison except Carter, who had just come from Liver- pool. Two of the boys had been helped by the Police Court Missionery —ilarter and Farrington were sent to prison for seven days, and the rest for 14 days. A CHEM/9T FINED FOR DRUNKENNE4I.-301srl Charles Senior, chemist, 95, Bewsey-street. was summoned for having been drunk in charge of a horse and trap in Sankey-street on June 20th. He pleaded guiltv.—P.C. Smith proved the case. He said defendant could hardly sit on the seat. Another man was in the trap, and witness allowed him to take charge. —%. fine of Sc and costs was imposed. " THE BIGGEST NUISANCE IN WARRINGTON."— Margaret °alma, 4. Erwoodestreet, was sent to gaol for 14 days for us- ing obscene language in Butterrnarket-street on June 21st.— P.C. Clongh proved the case.—The Chief Constable said the woman was not drunk, but she was q site as bad when sober as drunk. That was ber lgth appearance. She was the biggest nuisance in Warrington. TUESDAY —Before Mr. Garnett (in the chair), Mr E J Guest _

and Councillor ;Thaw Green

HER 33RD APPELBANCE —Eden Smith cbarged with being drunk and disorderly in Parr-street. at 10 minutes to 9 the previous night said she was not disorderly. --P.O Chrimes proved the case. The Bench committed her for 14 days the Chief Constable remarking she had made her 33rd appearance. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Geddes (In the chair), and Councillor Smethurst

AN UNCOMFORTABLE Rum—John William Smith was charged with riding on the Midland Railway from London to Warrington without paying his fare and with intent to avoid payment of same.—Superintendent Simpson of the Midland Railway Company said defendant was found yesterday in the train that left St. Pancras at 12 midnight and arrived in Warrington at 5-31 Defendant said at the time that he had taken a ticket to Manchester but afterwards admitted he hid not had money to pay his fare.—The Chief Constable said defendant had travelled under the seat. He sympathised with him. It was bad enough travelling at all in this weather without travelling under the seat.—The Bench fined defendant 40s and costs or 14 days Card labour. A VIOLENT Womax.—Martha cutcliffe was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Cropper's-brow the previous night and with assaulting Elizabeth McManamon at the same time and place —P.C. Healey said he found prisoner very drunk and using bad language. She was also dragging com- plainant by the hair of the head out of her house, and kicking her with elogs.—Rlizabeth McManamon corroborated. Defendant lived with her brother. She had kicked her with the c'ogs she was wearing, and pulled out of her head the hair the officer had produced. She had to go to tha Infirmary to have her head dressed.—Defendant pleaded that she was challenged to fight.—Tho Chief Constable said defendant had been before the Court 6 times in two years.—A fine of 103 and costs or 14 days hard labour in default was imposed.

DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

Ty RSDAY.—Beforn Mr. J.C. Parr (in the chair) and Messrs W. Long and H. Neild. _

DRIVERS FlNED.—Robert Edgerley. Northwich, was fined 5s for being found asleep in &Arica of a horse and cart at Whitley on June 2nd.—Arthur Wilson. Warrington, and Robert Lewis. Warrington. were fined 5s for driving withaut lights at night at Walton.—George Johnson. Ashton, was summoned or a similar offence tie pleaded that he had been delayed two hours on the road, and was dismissed with a caution.

A WIFE GRANTED I SEPARATION ORDER.—.James Kitchens man painter. Moore. was summoned for persistent cruelty towards his wife Lucy, whereby he has caused her to leave ihina.—Complainant said they had been married 15 years. On the 2nd of June he threatened to knock her brains out. He had threatened to cut her open many a time but he had never hit her. He had been threatening her for two or three years. She was afraid to live with him, and had to go to her sister's house. Defendant drank heavily. They had a family of four.—Complainant's mother also gave evi- denca.—Defendant said his wife had t ,reate ied to cut his throat some night when he was asleep. He could not follow his work because o! nervous debility. Otherwise he could get plenty of work.—The Magistrates' Clerk (Ur. H.Greenall): Is it not -because you drink ?—Defeedent : No, sir —The Chaleman said the Bench were satisfied that the 'case had beeß made out, and granted a separation co-Aar, allowing the wife 8s a week and the custody of the children.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. FIRST COURT.

THURSDA.7—Before Captain Virithington (in the chair), and Messrs. C. B. F. Borron and Colonel Wool. TF.NtPoRA.RY AUTFDRlTY.—lllizibeth Lllyarl made an ap- plication for temporary authority to sell at a beerhouse in Legh-5t., Golborne.—Grantfd. THE RE-BUILDING o A Puntic HoUsx.—Mr. Forshaw anplied for permission to make al, er ttions to the Old Swan Hotel, Hollins' Green. The alterations would be made in accordance with the directions of the Rural Gistrict Council. They had approved the plans, and so had Superintendent Brassington. --Tho plans were banded to the Bench for ex- amination. --3uperintendent l3rassington said the house wanted pulling down altogether.—The Chairman : Yes ; it wants pulling down and re-building.—Ur. Forshaw said it wo.sli be almost rebuilt.—The application was granted. 111 E MANoll ARMS HOTEL. GoLBORNE.—gr, omith, said he appeared on behalf of the 0 dfield Brewery, Wigan, and applied for permission for alterations to be made to tUelManor Arms Hotel. Golborne. Their Worships wou'd observe on the plans some dotted lines ; those showed the bar as it existed at present. The bar projected into the hall. and rendered it too narrow, as it was proposed to make the hall wider, and carry the bar into the room on the left, actually decreasing the drinking accommodation in the house. The club room was also to be increased, as there was a considerable increase in th 3 number of members. The Bench granted the applica- tion. _ _ -

CA9E9,—Ann Millington was lined 23 6rl and costs for being drunk on the sth June —Mary Topping was fined 3s 6d including costs, for riding a b;cycle on the footpath at Winsvick.—lsaal Hoskins. coal dealer. for not carrying scales on his lorry at Newton, was tined 2s 64 and costs. TRol/BLE AT VICAR'S WORIC3.-3aMe3 Walter Larkin and Daniel Conroy were charged with assaulting William Jen- kinson, on the 12th june.—Williana Jenkinson.labourer. said on the day in qus•tion d.,fendant Larkin came to him at Vicar's Works arid said to him, if he had stepped his check would he give him the money. Defendant then struck him. --Mr Taylor, timekeeper, said he saw the two prisoners run at Jenkinson and throw him on the floor and hold him there until witness asked hint to desist.—Larkin did not appear and Conroy was fined 233 and costs or one month imprison- ment—Daniel Conroy was charged witn assaulting James Jones on the 12th June, and Tams Welter Larkin was charged with the sem', offence.—James Jones. labourer, Earlestown, the defendant and John Taylor, timekeeper. sit Vicar's works, gave evidence in support of the aharge. The latter saw the two defendants wale up to complainant and assault him.—tt fine of 20s and coats was imposed on Conroy, or one month's imprisonment in default. Larkisi did not appear . A MIXED us' AFFA/R.—Emily Leyland and Lilly Orrnred were charged with assaulting Emily Williams on the 15th .June; William Leyland was charged with assaulting William Williams ; and Daniel Williams,and Emily Williams were charged with assaulting Emily Leyland on the 15th June.—Mr. H. L. Riley appeared for she Williams and after a prolonged hearing in which the evidence was conflicting the Bench decided to dismiss the ,ases. YOUTHFUL DEBTRUCTIVENE93.—JameS Gordon (9 years) was charge ilwith d>stroying a woolen fence value 153. the prope-ty of Thomas John Gillespie on:the 17th June.—Mr. Prowne said he had been instructed to prosecute by Mr. Gillespie, as a warning to other lads. The Lnce adjoined a main and the derendant with other boys were playing cricket. The defendant got a match and lit the fence which was burned down for scveral yards. It was the second time it had been burned down in a few weeks.—The father con- senting, the lad. who pleaded guilty, was ordered to receive 9 strokes of the birch from a police officer. SECOND COURT. Before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), and Mr J Jackson. MiscrimANFotre OFFENCES.—The following were fined for being drunk and disorderly :-1l ward ,villiams. 54 and costs ; Thomas Cowan, 2s 61 and Costs ; Lawrenc Dunn, 53 and costs ; Herbert Harrison, 2s Cl.l and costs ; John Spiby. 5s and costs ; Richard Unsworlh, 53 and costs ; and Patrick Finnerty, 23 61 and costs.—William Burrows and Thomas Halsall were bound over for a breach of the peace by fighting. —Julian Lacey was also bound over for being disorderly.— John Walsh, John Sotton. and Jams Harrison were sum- moned for committing damage to roots and crops to the value of Is 6d, the property of John Owen. The lads were bathing and had to go through the crops tn the pond. Defendants were e•ch ordered to pay 7s 6d including costs.—Thomas Bond, James King, and Samuel Darby, were tined 53 and costs each for using profane language. —A fine of 5s 6.1 each including costa was Imposed on Thomas Brown and Richard Harrison, for damaging clover roots and oats in the °carp tion of George Ca,wley.—Datninick McCaffrey was fined is and costs For bsing asleep in charge. THEFT OF A BARROW.—James Nlialmesiey was charged with stealing a harrow value 7s 6a, the property of It Evans and Company, sometime between the 31st Marcia anal 26th June. —John Pinablott in the employ of the company identified the barrow as belonging to them.—P.C. Harrison said ha wont to prisoner's hones on this 26th June and seeing the le‘arew asked prisenu bow he obtained possession of it. Prisoner said " I know it is R Evan's ; there is 'lt B.' on it aipt I found it in'th, yard. I said I might 13 well take it as anyone else "--Ia answer to the charge prisoner now said it

===== 0002601_18990630_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1899;

was false. He was walking home from Ashton and Corning through a style found the barrow and to sk it home. He never saw any name on it until it was pointed out to him by the Police-Constable.—Fined 5s and costs. OVERCROWDING AT A LODGING Hone.—Susannah For- thaw was charged with keeping a greater number of lodgers than authorised by the Nevron Urban District Council•-4r J 11/oraley appeared for the Council—Mr Gregory, deputy inspector foe Newton. said the house Was registered for 48 !wizen. On the day In question he visited the house in cgaipany with P.O. Benson and found 55 lodgers. Particu- lars in regard to the occupants of the different be irooms were given. The atmosphere of the place was most orfensive.—lr H J Longton who appeared for the defendant, said the woman WL3 not aware she Was committing an offence. It I with great difficulty people could find lodgings, Earle '- town bein t so crowded. Defendant had olten taken in people brought to her and had not charged. On the day in question she received no remuneration from the extra lodgers, as she t sok them in out of charity.—A fine of 1011 and costs was imposed. AN UNREGISTER,:',D LODGING-HOLT3,, —John McLeod Was cba.'red with keeping lodgers on the 29th April without being registered —Deputy Nuisance Inspector Gregory said he had r,ceived many complaints about defendant keepin t lodgers.' He visited the defendant on the morning in question and found six men and one woman in the kitchen. They ad- mitted being le3ger3 and said they had paid 6d each fo,. a bed. Upstairs there were thee men.—Fined 103 asd costa.

RUNCORN PET rY SE9SIONS.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDA.Y.—Before Messrs, John Ockleston (presiclinz) ani

F. WiswAll.

TRANSFER —Temporary autho-ity was granted to Joseph Hodgk'nson to sell at the F,-,3r Tavern, Alc3ek-street. lately in the ocr3unation of Thomas Harrison. PRoFANE LINGUAGE AND DRUNK F.NNP:33.—ThorniS WoOdfini for obscene language was fined 5s and Ss 6cl costs Edwards who proved the case said the offence was committed in Mount Pleasant on the 13th cf June.—Margaret Bourns' Runcorn, was fined 54 and 8s 6d costs for being drtank and disorderly in Bridge-street on th 3 19.,13 inst.—P.C. Smith proved the case. Scoon CisE —For neglectinz the eine ition of his chili. Thonrs Watson of Lock street, was fined 61 and 4s 61 costs —Evidence WAS „;iian by Attendance Offic.r Rovrver. THE OR AIRMAN'S RELUCTANCE AT SIGNING —William Henry Nfallins. o: Runcorn, app!ied for a certificate exempt- ing his child from undergoing " the ordeal of vaccination " lie had a eenacientions objection to the prows. and did not believe it mitigated the dread disense A child he had had vaccinated some 14 months ago suffered very materially from its effects—The Chairman : Have you a doctor's esrti- fiesta to that eft ?—Applicant then exp'ained that the doctor who had the (swats in hand had practically deserted the case. The est-tiff-late which should have been returned to Mr. Thomas Cooke, the vaccination officer.of the successful opera tion WAS still at his house.—Afte,- annlicant had reiterated his objections to vaccination: —Mr. F. Wiswall remarked. it was a fact that vaccination had proved its utility as *preventive of th disease ! To allow the child to go unvaecinxted would be a great danger to the communi'y.—The Chairman: I don't like signing the order ; but I suppose I shall have to.— Ttn application WAS granted. _ _

PRISON B-EFORE TELE. WOREIMITSE. —A. LENIENT BENCH.— Daniel Froashim, an elderly min, apparently in great feeble- ness. was brought up in custody charge 4 with the larceny of a coat and vest, veinal at 134 64 the goods of William Crad- dock, pawnbroker. Church-street, Runcirn.—F-om the evi- dence of Chides Nicho:s p slice eonstab'e, and Frank Davies. pawnbroker's assistant, it appeared that the old man had been knocking about the sh so front for a considerable time and seeing whit he considered a favourable opportunity par- loinel the articles (produced). His aetien, wits, however, observed and prisoner was followed into Brunswick-street where he was arrested by Constable Nichols. On being charged ;at the Police Station prisoner said "I know."— Previous to that theft prisoner had stolen a coat from the shop of %Ira. D in Church-street, but Mrs. Dodd had fol- lowed him and recovered her property. She, however, laid no information against the man. —Mr. Johnson' (the magis• trates' clerk) stated that on the Friday previous the prisoner had been brougist up before the court on a charge of frequenting High Street with intent to commit a felony. He was, however, discharged by ths Bench on his promising ti go to the workhouse; and a Constable was sent with him as far as Sutton Weaver Station. It seemed that instead of going to the Workhouse the man had returned to Runcorn.—(2 iestioned as to his reason for not going tithe Workhouse, prisoner replied" I did not carp whether I went or not."—rhe Chairman: It is a pity you did not go to the Workhouse but as you did not go there you will be committed for two months without h Lid labour.

Bacaarms.—John Berry, ft tramp, was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment for bezging in Regent-street the previous Saturday.—P.C. lidwards stated the man was most insolent to those people who refused him alms.

FRODSHA.M PgrrY SESSIONS.

WEDNE3DLY.—Before Messrs. Charles RRynolds (ehairmAn).

A. Thomaq. J. C. Taylor, j. Ocklestoriani D'OSteel.

_ NEGLECT OF BDUCATION.—WiIIIarn Woodward,of Froisham for disobedience to a School Attendance Order dated 29th of March was fined 5s including co,ts. Docas AT LARGE.--IN INDIGNANT PA.RICER.—George Rllams of He'sby was summoned for keeping a dog without a license at Helsby on the 23rd of May.—Defendant pleaded not guilty —P.C. Needham stated that the man kept two dogs whilst he only had an exemption for one. Defendant pmmis.d to destroy the dog. Finding, upon a subsequent visit, that he had not done so the officer reported the case.— Defendant said the dog was destroyed 20 days before he got the summons. It was only a seven months old animal that he had on trial ; and not his after all.—The Chairman said de- fendant would be fined Is 6d and 8s ffd costs for having the dog in his possession.—Defendant considered that it was too hard and unfair, to treat a farmer like that, and indignantly tossed the amount of his fine to the clerk.—Daniel Hibbert of Helsby, pleaded guilty to a similar offence committed on the 23rd May.— P.C. Needham proved the oase.—Hibbert Pleaded ignorance and that he had no intention to evade the law.- The Chairman imposed a fine of Is and Es 61 costs. BICYCLE RIDING WITHOUT A LlGHT.—Henry Rodgers, of Netherton, was summoned for unlawfully riding a bicycle without having a lighted lamp attached, at Heisby. at 11.15 pm. on the 3rd June.—He pleaded guilty.—P 0 Needham proved the case.—Defendant pleaded that he was detained on business in the village and was only riding slowly.—The Chairman: You know the law ? —Defendant : Yes sir.— Teen you will be fined ss. The money was paid. PIGS! TO BE KOVED WITH CARE.—Eienry Savage, for moving a pig without a license at Heisby on the 2nd of dune was fined 5s and 8s 6d costs.—P 0 Needham stated that the man had moved the pig without having received a license. He was not ignorant of the !procedure for he had obtained and signed licenses on previous occasions —The Chairman observed that the defendant should be more careful about such things in the future ;he should know the risk. The above fine was then imposed as an admonition.

DRUNK AND DHORDERLY. REGUE9T TO THE PRESS.— Thrmias Shallcross, who last appeared before the court in 1896. was summoned for being drunk and disorderly at Frodsham, on the 9th of June.—He admitted the offence. but sail he had been suffering severely from bronchitis and other ailments—Police Sergeant Clays proved the offence.— The Chairman : If YOU say you have been so ill, you must know that the drink will not do you any goo,i. You know you are not forced to take it! However. in :consideration of you not having been here since 1896, we will let you off with a tine or 5s —Shalleross then as ced the chairman whether he would prevent. the matter getting into the " papers."—The Chairman : That is beyond us ; we can do no more than pass your request on. PURSUIT or GAmE.—Robert D'tchfield. was summoned by William Oakea. for pursuing game upon land belonging to him. at Froishana, on the 6th of June.—Plaintiff's son stateci that at 8a m., he saw Ditchfield shoot a rabbit. He calle3 to him and Ditchfield ran away. The boy took the rabbit home.—Defeniant said that was so ; he was very much annoyed by the rabbits destroying things on his ground. He admitted in a moment of indiscretion he went off he own ground and shot till rabbit.—The Bench, in consideration of it being a first offence, fined h m only 2s 6d and 8s 61 50.3t3. The money waa paid.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ERECTION OF WILSON-PATTEN MEMORIAL TABLETS AT THE PARISH

CHURCH.

During the past week two memorial tablets have been erected in the Patten Chapel of the Parish Church, Warrington. The tablets are of polished brass miunteq on ebony, and are tbb work of M(ssrs.Shrigley and Runt, of Lancaster and Lon- don. The inscription on the tablet immediately opposite the marble effigy of the late Lord Wininar- leigh reads as follows :—" The marble effigy of the Right Honourable John Baron Winmarleigh resting on the monument erected by him to the memory of his wife was added in loving remembrance of their paren's by their surviving daughter:! Ellinor and Elizabeth Wilson-Patten, ad, 1891." The second tablet, which is much larg,r, bears the names of those interred in the vault below and which has now been finally closed. The inscription reads "In the vault beneath this chapel lie buried the bodies of Thomas Patten died 21st February, 1772. aged 82: Richard Patten died 6th December, 1774, aged 2 years and 4 months; Dorothea, wife of Thomas Patten died 26th July,l799,aged 65; Thomas Patten, died 19th March, 1806. aged 75 ; Peter Patten, horn Ist June, 1808, died let June, 1808; Thnrnas Wilson-Patten, died 5h December, 1827. aged 57; Ann Maria Patten, died 10 Decm')er, 1837, aged 80 year; ; Anna Maria, wife of John Wilson-Patten, died 4 August. 1816, aged 45; Elizabeth Wilson-Patten. died 5 June 1871, aged 93: Eustane John Wilson-Patten, died 17 December, 1873, azed 37 : Jol,n Wilson-Patten (created Baron Winraarleigh, 1874), died 11 July 1892, aged 90 The vault was filled up and finally closed 14th July, 1892.

As announced in our advertiqing columns, Mr. T. Eckerslev has removod from Bridge street to Feirfleld BAkerv, Pidg•te•lane. The BV<ery is roomy, well venti- lated and clean, and the wernis?s are open to public inspection at any time —A.dvt,

niyr.Ey Itc offors TERMS to SCHOOLS for his spiPnilid PORK PIES for WAlking Div.—Advt.

.... Old Est,b,ishei. Howt, DPilers, SCALES AND SONS. 83. Brici¢P-s`r.et, warrlne43,l.—Alvt. ASK fcr CUNNINGRAM'S Hlr.-0-1-OLA.SS MINERAL WATS RS. —Ade.. PRINTS AND MITSLINS.

W. T. WILLI/32i iS now showing a Melee Variety of White Sp ,t,•ed an' 4 Panay Coloure.l Muslins, Prints, Ze3hyrs, Pigups, 74, Sankey-street, Warring- ton.

_ PunLTO BRNEPIT LINDER TT CLOCK FYR BEST BOOTS iv LN.NOAStifltE.—A.d,,,. Ladies' Walkinz Shoei,G-ett V trietv, SrIALBS AND SONS, 13. Bridle-qtreet. Warrinztln.-4.d7t. BR sure and TitY ONE of J. BAYLT:Y ImA.Lc's PORK PURR. They are a luxnry. —Advt. Have Toll seen the NEW PORK SHOP that J. BA7LS ISAAC hag ooened in Ho,semArlcet-street.—Advt. ASEt or CUNNINGHAM HlGii-CLASS MINERAL WATERS —4,17.1

LADIES "REST CHACE ROOTS tvn STIORS UNDER THR (11,)01i, IRIDC-Vg-STREET POTT}.III TONGUE. PEERSED BEEF, POTTED HEAD. 110II.ED HA.`,IS. all kiwis or esokel meats. BAYLEY ISAA.C.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

'V Secretaries or Cricket Clubs are requested to note that reports of rnetches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, nst later then 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

WARRTNGTON FIR3T BLErEN V. NEXT SIXTEEN.—At Arpley i.,nturday. Score : NEXT SIXTEEN. W tRRINGTON. C Unsworth b Bibby— 1 R Pierpciat b J Thump- B Silcock b Smith R Connor b Bibby T Houghton c t b Thewlis 1 T Knowles cA. Thompson A Duckworth c awl b bf{ tin Thawlis R C,orapton c Hampion 13011 b Connor 9 J W Bibby c T Houghton . . . .

II Pierpoint o Clarke b b Richardson 7 Pad more l3 Dr Smith b Crompton ... 0 J Thornmon b Coanor 23 E Connor not out l6 A _Thomp4on c CAllon b. _

Podmore J Richardson b Connor 1 P Hawin b Connor. — H Ashton c Smith b Pod-

mo-o S Walton at Kandla b Con-

nor H Jo3eoLt b Connor 0 II filneiton st Kandla b Podrnora 0 H Hvani not out ....... . . ... 0 EKtras

Total 93 Total ((or 5 wkt's)... 144 )wLING ANALYSIS. NEXT SIXTEEN. WARRINGToN. 0. M. B. W. 0. M. E. W. J W Bibby l5 9 17 2 J Thompson 8 1 27 1 Thwlis Dr Smith B Connor WH Pa imore 4 4 0 11 4 R Crompton 11 2 24 1 Dr Smith Isowlest a wide. J Richardson 9 1 25 2

E Pierpoint bowled a wide CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V ST ELPHINS at Battersby-. lane.

ENG'NEERS. ST ELPaINR. Lawless b Gristy Duckworth b Riley 6 Du,kworth 2 Brown b (frosty Walker b aresty 32 Gristy b Da*worth 1 Howanib Gre3tv 4 Riley c and b Monks 1 Robinson o Riley b Mir- .... Warhurst b Dackw,)rth 0 .

hurst

Hackott c Riley b Crristy 1 Thcrich not out— Monks c Bracegirctle b Bosworth b Duzkworth 0 Warhurst

JO3 Genders not oat ...... Bra-c-nzirdle ca Duck wer-th b Jno Genders c Hfiggin- LAW es 3 7 bottorn b Buttervra:th... 11 Bailey b Duckworth 1 Whithana b Butterworth... 1 Extras 2 Extras ... 1

Total B4 Total 4l °HUH IRE EINES ENGINEERS 2ND V. Glaz EBItooK at Glazebrook. Siora :

GLAzEBRO9%. ZNGINEERS. Perris c Mason b Dooley ... 1 Deeley b Kill lYlartin b Deeley _

Brookes b Mason 5 SpiCer 1 Spicer b Mason 0 Scott b Frost el D i Biar b eey _ . . _ 2 Carpenter c Brookes b _

Taylor stp Fdreter b Deeley 0 Frog ... Frost b Deeley 0 Forster b Hill Pimblett b Mason Hill c Janice b Deelev Parsonage c Forster b Wartiurst not out Mason 0 Mason cSc b Spicer 2 __ _ _ _ . _ _ .

Heath not out - 4 Birch run out Extras 4 Extras

Total l2

Total..

SANKEY WIRM KILLS V. WlDNitg WHITE noels —Played on B.lturday on the gr4und of tho farmer anl resulted in a win for the Wire Mills by 47 runs. Score :

WIDNES WRITE ROSE WIRE MILLS. Willock run oat Nestor b Simpson Hill lbw b Simpson Sadler b Kenwright Martiniale b Simpson Hart b Simpson Jl3 trber b Kenwright Davies not out Anderson c Hawthorn b Kenwright a and b Hart 2 Kenwrightt T Barb,r b Simpson Bailey a Cook b Kenwright .0 _ . _

Extras 11

Extras ... 3

T0ta1....- ...... ... 49 Total 95 FRIARe-GREEN AND BRIOS-ITREIC P S.S. 7 . ST. ANS.S.— Playecl a', Lovely-lane on Saturday. Score : -

FR CA.Re-Gli EEN

AND BRICK-

sr. ANN'S.

STE E ET. Asnip b Armitage Cook e So.vaga b Armitao 8 Whittsker run out Wood b Aruitage Jones e Lowe b Dutton ll Nooks Nooks et Houghton b Armitage, sea., e Wall b Duttoce Evans e Whittaker b Houghton a Wall LI Wood 1 Armita4e Mason b Armitage 2 Lowe e and b Wool 0 Buckley b Smith 6 Egerton b Asnip 4 Woo-II:lead not out Thomas b Smith Wall a Houghton b Anal- Armitage. jun. run out 1 tage 5 Extras .. . . 2 Extras 3

Total 39 Total Pt WALKER AND SONS LIMITED P. 1-101743 GREEZIT.--• Plajed at Hough Green on Saturday. Seore

BREWERY HOUGH GREEN Athena Halliweli b Both 6 Halliwell b Allen 3 E Allen b Booth Bailey c Warham b L Booth b Bailey 0 Kerry 3 Warham c Ashton b T T'Allen b Both ... ......... H Cook b Booth 0 Walker c Wright b Ashton 6 Caine la Calland b Halliwell 12 T Kerry run out 1 Ashton c Kerry b Malaria 29 G K.,rry b T Alle Wright not out 4 W Kerry run 0ut........... 5 Tilling b Booth 1 D Mercer b Ashton . 1 Collins h Warham Perrins b Warham 0 Brown b T Allen 0 Extras

Total

Total 34

WALKF:R AND S,)NS LIMITED 2ND V. GRAPPMNFIALL T. WlLettEn's 2ND.—Played on Brewery ground on Saturday. Score :

GRAPPENIIALL. BREWPRIt. Tomkins bTo id Fairhurst b Knight lO Houghton c Knight. b Ford run out 4 Banks gobin b Todd Wallace b Seed 0 Johnson b Ford ...... ...... 24 Kirkland c Houghton b Seed 0 llobin b Ford Seed 1 Fairhurst h Ford Carter c Stewart b Todd ... 0 Knight b Ford J Knight b Todd 7 Boyne b Ford 0 D Knight b Todd 9 Ross not out Banks not out 0 Stewart, Todd to bat Wicks b Knight Extras 2 Extras

Total WoßtrixomEN's MISSIoX V. ARPLE7.—Played on the ground of the latter. Score :

MI9SION. ARPLEY. Bdwards b Jewker 1 Jewkes b Bennett 4 Williams b Thompson 7 Dooley run out Harding b Hughes Nekton c Hughes b Brad- Raiford run out ford Gibson c Thompson b Hind b Bennett 1 Hughes ... 3 Jewkes b Bennett 0 Harrison c Jewkes b _ Barker b Gibson _

Jofl Taylor c Jewkes b Jolley... 0 Crank b Bennett Massalt o Jewkes b Jolley 1 Jolley b Gibson 0 Bennett b Bradford

J Pickton c Hughes b Jolley 1 Tilling mot out Extras

Total

Total

WARRINGTON WORKIVGMEN'S M14310N 2ND V.FAIRFIELD.---: Played at Arpley on Saturday. Clara took six wickets for 17 runs. Score :

FAIRFIELD. MISSION. Boardman c and b Peak 4 Ball c Nield t, Fielding... 0 Hudson c Newton b Peak 1 Williams c Fielding b Biaroourne b Clare... 0 Boardman F elding lbw b Clare l6 Cook 0 Horton b Bad- Steel c Morris b Clare Brandreth b Clare Meld not out Haigh lbw b Clare 0 Horn's 0 Horton b Field- Horton a ;Morris b Newton 0 log Borlev b Clare 0 Pemberton not out 5 Lawrence run out Yielding 2 Woolley c Steel b Brand- reth Webb c Horton b Fielding 7 Newton c lliarbourne b Fielding Extras 2 Extr ts

Total 47

Tetra

WIRORAVE AMATEURS (N/AALVSTOWN) V. CROSPIELD'S (WAItRINGTIN.—PIayed at Walton Lea On Saturday. Score -- CR"SFIELD'S. AMATEURS. E Morriss c rimerton b J fiewsnan h Whitfielci ... 4 Davies . 4 F Emerton b Whitfield... 3 E Wright c Eckersley b A Davies c Kipps b Whit- Davies Moorfleld b Davies 3 J Eckersley b Morriss 5 J Bramball b Davies 4 C Porter b Whitfield 14 W Wright not out G Peacock o Emerton b H Emerton lbw b Whit- Davies 0 field G Dawson b Davies ... 1 D Morriss b Whitfield ... 0 A Baker b D ivies _ _ _ . .

E Chilton b Davies 0 111orriss W_Kipps c Eckersley b J Dodge not out 2

, • Davies 2 J. Dobson c Baker b Whit- T Whitt'Pld b Potter 0 Extras 6 Extras 2

. l9 Total.. 36 RYLANDS Bios'. STAFF V ST. PAUL'S.—Played On the ground of the latter on Saturday. Score : ST. PAUL'S. RYLANDS'. Forster b Webb Baird c Knott b Webb 4 Farrar b Radcliffe... ..... 6 Radcliffe c Maddock b Webb c Harrop b Baird... 2

Plevin 4 Plevin hit wkt' b Radcliffe 17

Longsbaw c Webb b Plevin 4 Knott b Radcliffe 2 Seed b Plevin Nlason c and b Plevin l9 Maddock not out 6 Bate b Kenyon lO Moores b Mason ... ...... ... 0 Harrop h Plevin ... 0 Barker b Maaon 0 Hood b Plevin Short lbw b Kstivon 0 Kenyon did not bat Ormsby not out Extras 7 Extras

Total 43

Total 63

GRAPPENHALL V. MR. GATES'S XL—Played at Grapperthall on Saturday. Score :

- MR. GATEs'g XL GRAPPENRALL. Harrington b Warburton ... 9 Jos Burrows run out 2 Gates c Jos. Burrows b Ellis b Hogg 0 Warburton 3 Evans b Hogg Thornhill c Ashall b Carter 3 Csrter b Hogg Williamson b Carter

_ Fenton b Warburton 4 Kay Bompas b Jno. Burrows ... 0 PiNott b Hogg ll Hogg c Carter b Jno _ Giffard c Ains worth b

Burrows 5 Bornpls Jenkins b Warburton 4 Watson b Hogg Kay b Warburton 1 Wivrburton c Har.rington Ainsworth b Warburton Woods b Warburton Longshaw not out - _

tOn " 5 Ashall b Hogg 0 Extras 3 Extras 5

...... .. 35

Total

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHML T. WITTON OR AMMAR ScaooL.—This mAtch was played at Northwieh, Hesketh tak- ing six wickets for two runs. Score

WITTON G. S. WARRINGTON G. S. H Molyneux b He3keth l5 Miles 1) Linnall 9 Brown b J R Bryant 0 J E Bryant b 11 Moly- Hughes c Pierpoint b ties- neux . keth a Bennett b Litman R Molyneux b Hesketh 0 H H Bryant run out 4 Dunalt b Hesketh Moreton b Hesketh 1 Hesketh lbw b Blown ... 7 Hassall bJ B Bryant 2 Itichardson not out 3 Conbelley b Ifeske•h 0 siloock run out 0 G Molvneux run oat 1 Caoke b R Molyneux 0 Holland not out ... Packer b J E Bryant 0 Box b It Molyneux 0 Extras - 11

Total 32

Total

LITCHIPaRD BAPTIST V. Moss PARK V.ST,EYIN3.—The above in tch was played at Latchford on Saturday and resulted in a victory for the toms team. Score :

MISS D &MK. L &TCHFORD. Hodgkin.; b New4ll . . 12 T Albinson c & b Gall-

Boar'aman b j Halain 0 mcvn Harrison b J Hallam 4 Bac.,ley b Hesketh.... ..... 2 Wright c Newton b Newall 3 J Hallam b Gallimore 14 Heskelh. b_Newall

Callan, b 3 Hallam 1 Hesketh Jamtson bJ Hallam Galimore run out 6 Hunt n Wright b Callan,' 17 Dutton not oit ...... ....... Daniels run out... Moulds c & b Newall 2 Unswortb c & b Cailand 0 Knicht b Daniels Newall b Daniels 0 Extras 3 Extras 4 67

Total

Tota l

ELRLESTOWN v. CHEETEILM.—The return fixture was playei at Harlestown on Saturday, much interest being cen- tred in the meeting, because of Cheetham administering a severe drubbing on Bar!estown when they met at Cheetham. The latter however secured another victory, chiefly in conse- quence of the loose fieldirig cf the horre team, Read making two serious mistakes when the game stood at 8 and 22, in missing both Siaciairs. Score :

EiRLEiTOwN. CHEETHIM. Husband c W Tinker b W 11 Sinclair lbw b Alder- Parker T Marsh c Allen b Parker 1 TII Sinclair b Alderson 23 W Crowther e Sharpe b W Parker c Foreman b Allen l3 Huisla lO F Reade e Bolton b Parker 6 li Collings lbw b Huish 0 13 Foreman b Parker 0 W H Allen b Alderson ll Huish c Shepherd b C R Bolton c Crowther b Parker T Mitchell b Parker 1 C H Sharpe not out ... 2l W Jenkinson c Tinker b P Mercer b Huish l3 Parker J Alderson c Parker b T P Phases, C Jenkinson b Sinclair 7 Harrison o W Rnamett not oit W Harrison c Mercer b Allen Extras

Total B3 Total l4O RLIILEST,IWN 2ND V. CIIEETHAIS 2ND.—Played at Chet- haw on Saturday. Score : EARLESTJWN 2ND. CIECEETHALV 2ND. J Wain Wright b Parker 3? F Coliinge lbw b Davies 18 J Burrell h Ferguson 4 F Whitehead lbw b Hat- R A_Robinson c Chadwick ton

b Coinage J Marsh b Dippie ...... F Butler b Dipple II Davies 1b w b Dlppie... 7 (1. Milson e Marsh b 0 W Hatton b Parker 24 Hatton J Saunders not out C Hill b Dippie J Hatton 0 Emmett b A Tobias b Hatton a _ Dlpple .. _ 0 W Emmett b Burrell . - _ _ __ 3

G Gt:ienall lbw b Parker ... 4 F Ferguson b Bnrrell 3 W Sharpe not out 2 Extras 3 Extras lO

Total 137 Total NityncoN-Lx-WiLLowa V. WEST DERBY.—At Newton on Saturday. Score :

WEST DERBY. NEWTON. E J Parker b c Hindley 6 W B Turton ;not out 45 A Arkle b Hindley l4 W Rylance a Wylde b J Calvert a Gee b Rylance 4 Heald A Duchssne b Stableford... 10 T Jones b Wylde ll E Plank b Stableford ... 21 S Smith b Wylde 0 P Wylde run out 2 W Gee b Wylde 6 A Ileald not out.. C Roberts a & b btableford 2 Heald . Riley a Smith b a Hindley 0 W H Hindley a Arkle b H Ward b a Hindley 0 Ward H Sho.lbridge a Boshel b 3 Stableford not out lB Hindley 4 C Hindley. W Dudgeon W Parks did not bat Extras 2 Extras 9

Total NEWT3I-LE-WILLO 3.8 2ND V. WEST DERBY 2Eo.—Played at West Derby on Saturday. Score : NEwTeN. WEST DERBY. T Wilkinson b McKenna ... 10 H H Blackburn c Briggsib J Pendry b Shoebridge 3 Collie " 6 S Cooke b Shoebridge 6 D Torrens et Perry b S Henderson e Riley b WiMinton Shoobridge 2O J Riles' not out H Rylance not out 5: W t-hone c Barr b H Barr b McK,nna J A Sweetlove b McKenna 8 J Bullock et Perry b J Sankey c Shoebridge b Wil4inson McKenna E L Williams b Shone T Briggs b Riley 27 house, W Titherington, E Perry not out 3 J Wylcle did not bat Extras lO Extras

Tot-a 157 Total for 5 wkri B2 RT.YNC.YRN JUNIORS V. Sr. MICHA.F.L.9.—PIayed at the Run- corn ground on Saturday, The acorea were:—

_ ST• MICRkETA RUNCORN JUNIORS. H Price b Jolley 1 G Leach b H Price... ...... 0 J Savage b Jolley 2 J Whitlow b Sherlock 5 W Leathwood c Stanway b T Moores h H Price.. Jolley 0 J Jolley b Rowles 27 s Hewitt b Jolley 0 Ball b Rowles 9 W Howard h Moore 5 W Stanway c Leathwood J Austin b Moore .1. Sh,rlock b Jolley 2 :r Newall b Hewitt 3 J Littlemore b Jolley I. P Walker run out 0 J Ilowles not out ... .. l9 A Pill c Price h Bowles 4 H Corrin c Moores I. 8i11... 5 D Cooke not out J Guy b Ball 0 10 Ward run out 5 Extras 4 Extras 9

Total 42

Total 6B

LATCHFORD TEMPERANCE HALL.

On Saturday afternooon, the Good Templets of the " (leaner" Lodge's Cycling Club, Stockport, paid a visit to Latchford. Tea was provided in the Temperance Hall by the Latchford friends, after which two open-air meetings, which were well attended, were held, and a number of pledges were taken. On re-assembling in the Temperance Hall a vote of thanks was proposed by Bro. J. Corbett, chief templet., seconded and supported by Coun- cillor Ellison, co the Stockport Club. The latter commenced their retnrn journey at 830 p.m. On ‘londay evening the usgal weekly meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, presided over by Bro. J. Corbett.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION AT THE LEAGUE HALL.

_ A very interesting ceremony took nlace on Sun- day evening in the League Hall, Bewsev—treet, Warrington. in the form of a presentation, from the boys ot the junior bawl, to their band-master Mr. M. Flannery; The present consisted of a silver. mounted pipe and case along with pouch, tobacco, and match box. Rev. F. Mercer, D. 0., 0.5.8., chaplain, president of the League made the presentation en behalf of the boys to Mr. Flannery and referred to the energetic and splendid manner in which Mr. Flennery had worked the boys up during the last six months. It was very gratifying to him(Father Mercer) to see that the boys appreciated the good that had been done for them, both in keeping them from roving about the streets at night and also teaching them music. Mr. Flannery was giving all his spare time for their benefit and they ought to be proud of him, and do all that they could to keep him with them. In giving Mr. Flannery the present the Chaplain saiol that he hoped Mr. Flannery would use the pipe un- til he (not the pipe) got to be a good old age but be was afraid be would have to buy more to- bacco. Mr. Flannery in acknowledging the presents said that be never expected such a present from the boys that he had under his control, but it showed to him that what little he had done for them they had not forgeren it,and if his health was snared he would try and make them the finest Catholic junior drum and fife band in this part of the country. But he must not forget the very able and strong Committee that was working for them, and to these noble and hard working men he muet return his most hearty thanks, for making the boys' band what it was. He must also not for- get to thank Mr. J. J. Whittaker for his very valu- able advice and assistance in forming the junior band; and thanks must he given to the manager and manageress (Mr. and Mrs. McCormack) for their help to these boys.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two stamps for our new and original Illustrated Booklet, ccntaining plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, ac., may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicisns, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not it quack medicine. Bstabl!sh 30 years. LESLIE MAIITYN, Ltd,. Chemists, L:34, Dalstoa-laue, London.

EW SP'EL'ia W.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ET

BoUiILE, SUPEREITE

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT ...d use an established reputation for giving c4reful e`: ; Prompt Attention to the wants of all Custonif and its facilities for the production of Good work ',',„ evtry kind—frcm the smallest typographic trifie,,:e the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available public, at prices which are strictly moderate. C',. a less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the Wirt__ busin *s men. They find It doesn't pay to have even at '' the lowest tender." PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. I,g. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CSOONM PROGRAMMES FOR PROGRAMMES FOR. VERSA ON-' CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, SX.

17;

22,46,910186411:47-1116knirt:eel°,41811 4 stresto; 0,9 54, 15. 2 5i3 turda. Bbefftei 46, jit.liel4 '442. 25. 2 3 boil% 118 01112 " Thelvia ~Qaturda Zla 90 INidnee utO. 5 20, Wigan_ '5O 43, 3 3f,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
‘cW'

u.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18990630_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
':, . , . S. , . •. 111,"...., . , .' ... '''',, ', - ....' .. , .., , . ~ . . ... , .. ~ • , y.. '.l. , '.: ‘,.. ''. ~ , . ...,.. . 111 E 9 .. . .. . , :.,,. ~ . .. ... . .• ~ .. .... ~ I. , ...:'::::.1111r.. . .......,..,:.,... . .. , ~ , . ... t,..t. ~,.!...:, ... t , , ..' .• . ... ~ . , , , t.... .. .., . .... ~,..., t...t ~....,,,...:,.... ~.,,, 0 Makes Delicious Paritry. Sold by all (.1--lro I a•, f. • .• 5. • I. Ask for ~ A . 14.,t: .. A ~, ,t, , . . .'. i:. !::. ...',:l, .: :'. :.. V !,... . ' .' . ,I, % '.,4 •, . . i . ..::r. r . , . . .

'.4

cers.

NEW TALE

NEW TALE!

NEW TALE!

IN OUR ISSUE OF FRIDAY, JULY 14TII,

WE SHALL PUBLISH THE OPENING CHAPTEP.S OF

A SPLENDID

NEW SERIAL STORY,

ENTITLED :-

" THE REVENGE OF VALERIE,"

BY HIJI&B NISBET,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INYJRMATION

VOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can ha ;1.3.1 ea with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. I a.m.---Newton-le-Willows

2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm. Thelwall, Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft. Pad gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Nlacclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle

Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and

Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and

Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-liast Lmcashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Naitern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and

Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury, North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk. Bath. Bristo Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Curstbsrland, Vrgan

'Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport. Birkenhead, Northwich, Na.ntwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Neweburch, Newton-le-

-Willows', Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate

• and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Cheater 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire. and West Cumber-

land 5-45-p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.Americit 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Blrkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30_p,in —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra

Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign .4etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE • High-st., Newton PoSTMASTER Mr.Janaes Jordan Hours of j Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Teleo•raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-39 a.m. to 81, ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST.-.Parcele are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted nary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp. Ordinary • 1 Extra Postage. lid. Stamp

MAILS.

5-0 a.m.

10-30

10-35 A.M.

11-10

2-15 p.m.

WERK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

4.30 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 P.m. 9-30 a.m ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m.. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. _ 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 3-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nil.

from the Receiving Office at Barh .m.; from all Sub-Offices at the cam

FOLLOWS :-

I To I Callers.

IBy Postmen , 7-0 a.m.

" • a.m.

10-30 „ 10-45 „ 1.11-30 „ t 1-4b

} 12-0

t 2-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 13-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990630_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
•RECEIVING ROUSE— Rarleetown

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

WALL BOXEEI— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, „ Dorton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Read, Ashton. Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S. -Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northam beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, orm s- kirk Widnu & Earlestown. Lcndon, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester • .• Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland 41asgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester Loudon and Foreign, South, S.- 'Eastern, Midland, Northern, Sastern Countless, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woalston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 6 - Eastern Counties ..

2-20 p.m.

345 m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF WORK AND GARDEN FETE AT THE RECTORY.

By the kind permission of thP Rector, a sale of work and garden fate were commenced in the Rectory grounds on Thurs lay last week in connec- tion with the First) C:inrch, in aid ot Home and Foreign Missions. Two large teats had been pitched in the grounds immediately behind the Rectory, one being used for the holding of a sale of useful and ornamental articles, flowers, etc., and the other as a refreshment bluret. It was in the former that the opening Ceremony was performed before a fairly-large company shortly after three o'clock on Thu .sday afternoon. The fete champetre comprised amusements and enter- taiamenta ot an enjoseable cheracter. There were tennis and croquct tournaments, as well as a bicycle gym- khana, maypole dance, tug-ot-war, quoits, putting the weight, and dancing. The Blue Coat &hoot brass band was in aleedaece and played numerous selections. The arrangemosits tor the fete were in the capable hands of the Key. J. W. Dickenson and the Rev. A. S. Cameron. Ainceigs.,. those present at the opening ceremony were the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis), the Yen. Archdeacon MacCarthy (late Arehdeacon ot Calcutta), Revs Canon Penrhyn, Morley Stevenson, B Percival, E P Weatherhead, G W Dickenson, & F White,A S Cameron, El A Lister, and W Bracecamp. The RECTOR, in the course of a few introductory re- marks said most of those present would be aware that in. 1895 and 1898 they had two large bazaars at each of which they raised over £l3OO for schools, church and missions. Owing to them they thought it well to drop their usual summer sales of work which where begun directly after he came there eleven years ago. For the first three years their sales were for home and foreign missions and they realised from £6O to £7O per annum. rhey found it necessary however, owing to their in- creasing parochial expenditure to devote the proceeds of their summer sale to parochial purposes and for the next three years the proceeds were given to various objects in the parish re- alising Lloo, ano, and £2OO. They were now re- suming the summer sales again and he was glad to say that they were in such a pesition as to be again unselfish and were going to devote the proceeds te home and foreign missions. There were about ten societies they wished to help including the Christian Knowledge Society the National Society, Additional Curate Society, Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, the Bazaars of Calcutta, Universities Mission to Central Africa, Mersey Mission to Seamen and the Warrington Day Nursing Institute• ' Tae last named was the only one which could be considered selfish but was entirely outside their own parochial work. When he looked back on the past and saw what had been done at similar sales, he hoped that the profits of their parochial sale this year might raise; at least £lOO. He felt sure that he would not appeal in vain. (Applause.) Archdeacon MACCARTHY in speaking of mission work in India, said anyone who had spent, as he had spent, 25 years in India, could not fall to be deeply interested in the country. India had claims upon them ail English people, and English Church people. It did a great deal for us. In the first place it was the great training place for our army. They must have been struck with the extraordinary and phenomenal success of the British Army in different warlike enterprises where other nations seemed to fail. A great deal of the Success which had attended our military operations in different parts of the globe was due to the fact that the British army got such splendid training in India. They also owed much to the splendid native army of Inelia,which owned allegiance to the Queen,and loyally obeyed her behests. India also provided a career for ',thousands of England's* eons in the army, civil service, medical service, and various mercantile and banking operations. There were thousands of English families with sons in India who found a career there which would perhaps have been denied to them in this country where competition is keen and opportunities comparatively few. In a great business centre like Warrington he ought also to say that India conferred upon them the great advantage of an immense market for our goods. He had seen the goods of Manchester, Birmingham and Sheffield on the little stalls of the native dealers and the familiar Eng- lish names on the packets containing them. Let bias now mention some of the things given to India. We had secured for the natives of India justice between man and man. Justice was dispensed by the English civil servants very differently from the way it was be- fore Britede rule. We had given pretectiou to men of every creed and every class ; and we had also given a splendid system of education. By the establish- ment of elementary schools and universities in great centres of population the Indians pad become acquainted with a great deal of Western science and Western knowledge. The question was were we to stop short of that. Surely it was our duty to give them the highest gift of all, that which had made Bug and Prosperous and happy, a knowledge of the Saviour, Jesus Christ. It was impossible for the Government te meddle with the religions of the country or directly to promote missionary work. It was the duty and privi- lege of the Christian Church to do that. People some- times said they had heard of missionary enterprise for many years but did not hear much in the way of success. They pointed to the huge population and the comparatively small number of Christians, and seemed to think that no headway was being made. The speaker proceeded to refer to the great extensions in missionary enterprise which he had witnessed in India, and said he firmly believed that the preparatory work new being done was undermining the sceptism of India, and the next century would see these millions brought into the fold of Christ. (Appiaute.)

The ARCHDEACON'S services were acknoswied2ed on the motion of the Rev. Canon Peorhyn, seconded by Mr. Dewhurst. _

The takings during the day realised £4O.

On Saturday the Sale of Work and Garden Fête in aid of the Rome and Foreign Missions, was continued from Thursday, the opening ceremony being performed by the Rev. A. N. Banorjei, Cathedral Missionary, Calcutta. There was an excellent attendance.

The RECTOR said they had bad -a very successful day on Thursday, and he hoped together with the proceeds of that day they would raise £lOO. It was his desire to give El 0 to each of ten societies. The Rev. A. N. Beemieter, in declaring the sale of work open, said it was a great privilege to come once more to Warrington on an occasion of that kind. He knew they were all interested in the cause of Home and Foreign Missions, They had had enough of Missionary addresses in the past, but he would like to say a little about India, a subject upon which he could speak with authority, for he had spent 25 years there. There was a treat important work to be done in India, and the time had come when a great effort must be made to promulgate Christian principles throughout the land. An irnportant part of the werk was to bring closer together all classes of tbe people, Social life in India and England was very different. In fact for the most part it was at its worst in India' and the great work of the Christian Church should be to effect an improvement. He was pleased to be able to say that the people of India were becoming better educated, and what be regarded as a notable sign, took a very deep interest in sports. That was all a movement in the right direction, and having a beneficial influence on the social life of the community, did a great amount of good. The first work of the Church must be among the native Chris- tians : There were only three on of Christians out lof three hundred millions of inhabitants. The Church bad the duty of converting two hundred and ninety- seven millions of people in India. The important part of the work would be done by the people. He was asso- ciated with the work of the Christian community, and he could not over-estimate the importance of the duties that lay before them. It was his privilege to welcome the Rector on his recent visit to Calcutta, where he saw their boys and girls beine taught much in the same way as the boys and girls in England were taught. It was their great hope that they wonld in after years take a. lead in various departments of life and do good by influ- ence and ex imple. He asked those present to support the foreign wissions to the best of their ability. The Rev, F. E Poweee also spoke in support of the objects of the sale. On the motion of Mr. DENVIIIIRST, secende I by the Rev. A. F. WHITE, a vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. A. N. Banerjei, and tho business of the day was then proceeded with. The programme of amusements and entertainments provided for the afternoon was most interesting and as the weather was so fine the proceedings were throughly eej )yed. In the eveniog the Volunteer band played for dancing.

THE PROCEEDS. Saturday's proceeds amounted to £4l 144 id, making the total proceeds of th 3 two days' sales £7B us. 6a. This money will be given to the Home and Foreign Miqsions.

GUARANTEED PURE. 100

MIIS. BAC.

THE EXAM TIVE.II, FRIDAY, JUNE 30. 1899.

MA.RRIAGE OF MR. W. H. PA.YION,

At St. Peter's Church, West Bromwich, last Thursday, the marriage was solemnized of Mr. W H. Payton, Mus. Bac.,of Warrington, and Miss Mary Beckett, of Albion, West Bromwich. A very large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony which was performed by the Vicar, the Bev. Henry Jesson. Shortly before two o'clock the wedding party arrived at the church and during the interval of waiting for the bride, the organist, Mr. J. Brown, F.G.0., played a selection of music. Precisely at two o'clock the bride arrived accompanied by Mr. It. J. Richardson (cousin) whp gave her away. She was attired in a lovely whit& Indian silk dress (a present from her brother, Dan, in India) with veil and orange blossoms. There were six bridesmaids in attendance, wearing pale green dresses covered , with white muslin and trimmed with white lace and chiffon with hats to match. The bride carried a beautiful bouquet of flowers as did each of the bridesmaids, the bouquets being presents of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Fanny and Miss Annie Beckett(sisters of the bride), Miss Polly Payton (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Richardson (cousin of the bride), Miss Ethel Payton and Miss Annie Bray (neices of the bride). Mr. Harry Beckett, brother of the bride, acted as best man. The ceremony passed oft with ecat and after the signing of the register the happy poir left the church to the strains of the "Wedding March" performed with much spirit by the organist. The reception and wedding breakfast were held at the residence of the bride. Amongst the guests present were: Mrs Beckett (mother of the bride), Miss Payton (aunt of the bridegroom), Mr and Mrs W Beckett, Mr and Mrs J Beckett, Mr and Mrs Harris,Mr.Mrs and Miss Richardson (Birmingham), Mr and Mrs Bray (Cleobury Mortimer),Mrs and Miss Lewis, Mrs and Miss Roberts (Wednesbury), Mr H Griffiths, Mr W Roberts and others. The health of the bride and bridegroom was proposed in happy terms by Mr Richardson, and the bridegroom suit- ably responded. The newly-married couple left early in the evening for Malvern, where the honey- moon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a handsome fawn costume with fawn hat trimmed with pink. A large numb er of presents was received, and included the following : Mrs Beckett, sewing machine and kitchen utensils Miss F Beckett, butter knife, preserve spoon, pickle fork Miss A Beckett, crumb and brush tray Miss 14 Beckett, butter dish Miss 13.2 Beckett, breakfast cruet Mr and Mt s W Beckett, cheese dish and toilet set Mr and Mrs J Beakett, flower stand Mr H Beckett, lady's chair Mr and Mrs W D Bray, dinner service Mrs T Bray, tea service Mrs Lewis, breakfast service Mrs Pontifex, fire screen Mrs Fowls, piano cover Mr T Hollier, silver breakfast cruet Mrs T Hollier, cake basket Mr and Mrs W Bright, photo frames Mr and Mrs Harris, fruit dish and set of jugs Mrs Haddock, pair of wall pockets Miss Haddock, tray cloth Miss B Haddock, dessert d'oyleys Mr H Griffiths, biscuit barrel Mr W Roberts, oak tray Mrs,iW Roberts, flower stand Miss Roberts. fruit dish Mr and Mrs Richardson, mantel border Miss Richardson, table centre Mr and Mrs A H Burgess, ease of cutlery, spoons etc Miss Burgess. umbrella Mrs Payton, kitchen hardware, etc Mies Payton. oak stand and bcok case Miss M Peyton. cheese dish Miss Dora Payton, set of jugs Mr and Mrs 3 Payton, brass and copper larnr. ' Miss R Pare and Miss M Payton, breakfast cruet Mr and Mrs R H Pearson, octagon table Mr and Mrs F It Roberts, case of silver spoons and sugar tongs Rev J Yonge and Wycliffe choir, marble time piece Mr nd Mrs W Hickman. coal box Mr F Hickman, fire brass Mr J Haynes. spoons Mr W Taylor, servers Mr and Mrs J Fairhurst, photo frame and vase Mr and Mrs 14 S Garland, brass paper rack Mr and Mrs Ziba Armitage, four volumes of organ music Mr It Whitfield, step ladder Mr G Morrell, fret-work handkerchief box Mr T Wallington, clothes brushes Mr and Mrs J Owen. glasses Mr and Mrs Monks, vase and water jug Mr and Mrs Kershaw, antique stand and ornaments Mr and Mrs J C Harrington, spirit lamp Miss Mabel Kershaw, vases Mr J Evans, photo and flower bracket Mrs Monks, kettle

===== 0002601_18990630_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
9. • eff. ;440

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ,DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Contipatm,

Weak Stomach, imaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Aiinnards.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BErcakm, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, 16. lid., and 26. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold every-where.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE, CHEST,

W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such at

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE ''ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBLa . V ,P, , • . 4 pALA L N

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGET[r.)NT. E,r(-

===== 0002601_18990630_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
JE:OIMATILIFILIMT9

Fig & .r. 3):

The most delicious and wholesome Jam made, and like all other successful pro- ductions, it has many inferior imitators. The public are therefore warned that if they want the genuine article they must insist upon being served with Deakin's.

WATCH CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK.

Boys and Girls can get rICKII. PLATED WATCI?, aleo a CHAIN ant' CHARM for selling 1 dozen package, BLUME at Fiveponoe sae. n,. - full address including Dame of by return e,ali. and we will forward poet paid. and & large premium list No required. XiLUINE Co. (Departmant CI) ) 241, Gipsy Road. West Norwood. Londo/4 S.D.

'A

4a • , ,;,.... ' .—:—.1(.14;,•\ 44; / \ .., lit .! ~s,, • , 'i ,- .--c, , ~ . ,•,;,-;,. , ... -;

•-' and ..aireg of . 4ke*n, , md your A Count/. tbe Blulno. No mow , %nu

===== 0002601_18990630_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STAR-7

CYCLE

WOLVERHAMPTON. LOW CASH PRICE, from £9 10s. HIRE PURCHASE, 12 monthly at £1 Is. SEND FOR LIST AND FORMS Or apply to NEAREST AGENT

THE UNRIVALLED EXTERMINATOR ; " -lITE Ai„A :

INSECT KILLS POWDER COSKROAVES, BEETLES, BUS, FLEAS, WHS..' GREENFLY, ARTS, VERA% Hi DOGS &FOWLS, &c., &c.: HARMLESS TO EVERYTHING EXCEPT INSECTS.' Used by the Used on all ifidmiralty, Steamship , War Office, &e. ALL Lines, &e. ! Householders should keep it who are troubled with INSECTS. Sold everywhere in 11- Bellows (full), and Od., is., and 216 Tins. MANUFACTURERS— . • , , JOHN CALABRESE & CO., Ltd.; 26, niter Buildings, Eilliter Street, London, EC: \

===== 0002601_18990630_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN

WHO ARE

WEAK

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
' - IC ZS n RI 2 R r 51r tn MR M n nr rZrnr n r 1

===== 0002601_18990630_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
AUTHOR OF

"THE SAVAGE QUEEN," "THE DIVERS," "BAIL UP," "HUNTING FOR GOLD," "LIFE AND NATURE STUDIES," "EIGHT BELLS." "DR. BERNARD ST. VINCENT." ETC., ETC.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING ABOUI

"THE REVENGE OF VALERIE."

" THE REVENGE OF VALERIE" is an exciting novel about Klendyke which has solid foundations of fact. Among MR. NISBET'S intimate friends is an expert gold digger from Australia who was (mat of the pioneers of vld-mining in British Columbia.' and has kept in touch with the most stirring events and even the smaller details of existence out there, which both of them from their earlier Austral experi- ences are able to appreciate as no ordinary observer could. The love theme of the story is strong and the characters are drawn with skill and strength,induced by a study of human nature in many lands. Sir Lewis Eastlake is introduced to the reader, when, at twenty-four years of age, he is going the pace in a London Gambling Club. An altercation there causes a duel at Cherbourg in which his opponent is killed, Sir Lewis has been accompanied by his Club com- panion, Captain Eric St. Arnoul,who has him nursed at the house of a Cherbourg young dector,an acquaint- ance of some years, with a pretty sister who does the nursing. The story, however, centres on the passion of a woman for a man rather than on that of a man for a woman. The beautiful and wealthy Duchess Valerie has from motives of affectiou been finding Sir Lewis Eastlake with money through a financier, and when she learns of his illness, she arranges with her cousin, Captain St. Arnoul, for the invalid's removal to her seat at Calais,the Captain to be his escort and companion. She thinks that now it will all end well. little imagining that Sir Lewis has before the duel been privately married to the doctor's sister, his engagement to her having been of some standing. Sir Lewis on his recovery goes alone to seek a fortune for himself and wife at Klondyke, and while he is encountering adventures there, the Duchess, on a reaction of sentiment for him, cruelly plots to ruin the character of his wife, and so bring about a divorce to be followed by her own marriege to hin. The Duchess attains her triumph, but the girl has a counter revenge which makes a striking climax.

NOTE TIIE FACT! that this absorbingly interesting tale by a popular author, coramences on

JULY 14TH. JULY 14TH. JULY 14TH.

DE. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valual4le remedy ever dis

===== 0002601_18990630_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
covered,

C- LORODYNNI is the hest remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CII.LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup Ague. CLILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. OIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

===== 0002601_18990630_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., HOTDCaStIe.

We have made pretty extensive Use of Chlorodyne moor practiee lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling ef comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to' possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was OHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARS OF PIRACY AND IMITA- 7ioNs, CarrioN.—Vice-Cbaneellor 51r W. PAGic WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE WN3, an:loubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regebted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 14(1.,, 23. 9d., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medics ltestimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great ussell-street, Bloomsbury.:Loirlon

S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price Is. 10. Sold by (-4 BOOTS VASEI CHEMITIS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of so. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETGRS. HEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses : 35. BRIDGE STREET.

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY,

72, M RKET-STREET,_ MANCHESTER.

Operator and Manager: Mr. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LECM-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms, ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR, CRITOHLEIr3 CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exactly opposite the Market.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SRXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROU AND FREE FROM CLRFS. INVALUABLE INFOkMATION SHNT FREE on Rece:pt of Stamped Envelope. BECOMM.ENDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSOR WRITE AT ONCE To

j WILLS, & CO., 15, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL,

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIIuF-ILESISTING, WROUGHT IRON

AND STIML

SAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINIVICK-ROAD,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Zetttrs to the Obitor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors cf let!-3rs intended for publication must in al case-3 send their names and addre;ses to the &Jinn Meters intendcd for publication must b 3 writtEn on one side only of the pqer. Correspondents are strongly advisnl to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

SUNDAY TRiDING. Sir,—The latest local pronouncemeut on this most important subject that I have read is to b 3 f aund in a sermon preached by the Vicar of St. Paul's and repro- duced in your journal of last week. There are some points in the sermon about which something may be said. At the outset, I must differ with the preacher on a point of fact. Mr. Tarbuck says that" those who were most inclined to cause work to be dole on Sunday were not the workers but those who " neither toil nor spin." There are, unfortunately, only too many people in the idle and wealthy classes against whom this charge may be levelled. But they certainly are not the only sinners in this respect. A scrutiny of the passengers who crowd the Sunday trains and omni- buses, reveals the painful fact that the great majority of the Sunday trippers belong to the working classes. And many thoteands of railway servants and carriage drivers are thus deprived of the day of rest by the in- censiderate conduct or fellow workers. Mr. Tarbuck tells us that "he had made it his business to see several publicans during the last few weeks, and be had found that there was a feeling amongst the licensed victuallers at any rate that they would like, like other people, a rest on Sunday." Then why do they net have that rest? If I am not misinformed the law does not compel them to keep their shops open on the Sabbath day. At any rate an experiment in Sunday closing was tried by the late Mr. Peter Walker, and neither the magistrates nor the public interfered with his action. Indeed I under- stand that one of the houses that b,longed to him in Warrington still closes its doors on Sundays. But even suppesing there were some legal difficulties about shutting on the seventh day the publican who really desired to enjoy the appointed rest could easily ob- tain a six days license and thus secure his object. Again, Mr. Tarbuck says, " The Bible allowed them to eat on the Sabbath day, and if they had something to eat they would want ecienething to drink." Quite true. And our gracious Creator has supple I US with an abundance both of food and drink—food in the kindly fruits of the earth, and drink in pure and refreshing water. But it is painfully evident from his suggestion about the time for opening public houses on &today that it was intoxicating liquor and not water that the good man had in his mind. This is deplorible. If the Taro- vision dealer can supply all our food wants in six days of the weak and rest on the seventh, and we have an abundance of water why should the publican be called upon to forego any portion of the Sabbath to minister to appetities for drinks that are not required at all, and are in themselves destructive to the minds and bodies of men. And lastly, in his discourse the Vicar told his disciples that" they were conamittine a great sin if they bought a pennyworth of sweets on Sunday, a cigar, or an ounce of tobacco, and ha would prefer them making these purchases as late as twelve o'cloek on Saturday night (alas, for the confectioner and tobeceonist) rather than do anything to encourage Sunday trading." Placing this remarkable dictum alongside hid suggestion about the opening of the public houses One is ana)zed at his reculiar logic. If it Le a great sin to sell and buy a few sweets or a bit of tobacco—things comparatively harm- less—on a Sunday, how much greater must be the sin of those who vend and consume en that day liquors which sannot be produced without violating the Sabbath, and wheel fruits are drunkenness, pauperism, and crime. Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
G RAPPENHALL.

PARISH COUNCIL MENTING.—A neee'ing of this council was held on Monday evening in the eeho droom. There were present: Mr J C Parr (chairman) and Messr.. Lister-Kaye, Jenkins, Chamberlain, Long, Boere- man, Bradford, Warburton, Ellison and Limas, with Woodcect (clerk).—The CI, rk reported that a committee consisting of Councillors Long and Lister-Kaye:along with himself (Mr. Woodcock), met Mr. Swinton on May 18th re the vil,age street im- provements. The Surveyor proposed to lay 10 inch eurb3 along the footpath for the remaining portion and it was decided that this portion be paved w.th small paving stones and that portion where cures are already down to be made good work with gravel or limestone clippings from Grappenhall Bridge to the flat portion of the road, about 60 yards to be macadam with remaining narrow part level with the church wall to pave with square grey setts and the places to be made good by repairing and placing some material between to fill up the hollow spaces.—Mr. Jenkins 'moved that " the Clerk write to the Chairman of the main roads and bridges Committee of the County Council to the effect that we as a Parish Council deplore the bad state of the footpath by the Dog and Dart, carved by the dragging up of the said foot. path by the Warrington Corporation to lay their water main, and we think the Surveyor should not have paved the work in such an incomplete state."—lr. Chamber- lain seconded the resolution and it was carried.—The Clerk said every seven years the Council formed a fresh basis for making the county rate, and he had received a copy of a circular giving particulars of the new basis for the different areas for the County Council rate. The increase in the basis for their rateable value was about £l,OOO, and in several townships, particularly Warbur- ton, the new basis was less than the rateable value. In reply to Mr. Long, Me Woodcock said it was £350 of an increase on this occasion, but it might be £l,OOO on the whole, i.e , the eaves of the basis over the rateable value. —Mr. Jenkins: Does it not show how it is cauaed?— The Clerk said it showed nothing whatever.—Mr. Lone: That is, competing it with Abe new poor rev assess- ment.—The Clerk : Yes ; but we have to collect on it. Mr. Jenkins moved that "the Clerk be ins!reictcd to write concerning a piece of land situated near the locks which belonged to the parish and which by passing out of their hands, the parish sustained an annual loss co' 22s.—The Chairman said the Highway Board had the charge of it and he presumed the Board being merged into; the Rural District Council, the Rural District had the disposition of their money. —Mr. Jen- kins said it was parish propertvand he thought those who had charge of it originally ought not to have allowed it to have gone over.—Mr. Long said in these days the Highway Board had the benefit of it.—After some disco sion it was decided that the Clark should write to the Clerk of the Rural District Council to know what had become of the money.—This was all the business of importance.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATALITY IN A ST. HELENS. COLLIERY.

INSUFFICI EN r PROPPING.

On Monday forenoon MrdS. Brighouse,county coroner resumed an inquest at the Griffin Hotel, Peasley Cross, St. Helens, on the body of Francis Needoam, 47 rears of age, of Frederick-street, who was killed by a fall of coal at White Cros3 Colliery on Friday morning last. Mr. D. F H Matthew 4, Government inspectoriof Mines, Mr. J. Butler, miners' agent, and Mr. J. Pattison, certificated manager of the colliery,were present.—The first witness called was John Grundy, a collier, who said that he and mother man named Burke were working with Need. ham in the main delph mine of the colliery, about midnight on 'thursday. Witness was getting the coal, and deceased was filling the waggons. When the acci- dent happened they had finished fgetting the " bottoms" out, and were preparing to let the "tops" down. They did not put any timber under the top coal as they went along. Thee were about 7ft. under the top coal when the accident happened. They had known "top' coal to be mined under for hundreds of yards' A " gulch " suddenly came which blew ont their lights and the coal came down. Needham was buried underneath. There was plenty of timber close by for propping the coal.— In reply to Mr. Matthews, witness said they did not notice th4t the coal had yielded a bit while they wne at work.—William Burnett, foreman, said he had occupied ' that post for four years. He examined the place three hours before the acc'clent happened, and the '• tops " seemed quite solid and safe. He expected the men to go on getting more bottom coal as long as they dared so as ti make the tops easier to come down.—The Coroner i said it seemed that the men went on with the bottom ; coal as long as they dared. Experienced men would have put props under if they found the roof giving way at al. In answer to queitions, witness said that some of the old miners had been in toe place longer than ha had, and should .know when to prop the top coal—The Coroner : That is where the weakness Comes in. A man is appointed who does not know as much as those unoer him, and leaves it to them, instead of taking the respousibility on himself.—Mr. Matthews . He puts too much confidence in the men. If you had a system of propping every sft. this would frit have happened.—Witness : No.—Mr. Mattbiews said there appeared to be much carelessness is leaving the top coal unsupported in that manner. It should either have been prepped or taken down.—The Coroner, in summing up, said it seemed as if the men had been left to do as they liked, and suggested that they should be visited oftener by th? foreman. The jury knew that much discussion was go.ing. on at. present in regard to the question of systematic timbering, and it would be much better if colliers were not allowed to do as they liked. The jury returned a verdict of "&ccidental death," and added a presentment to the effect that they were of opinion that the foreman had not taken the necessary precautions for the safety of the men.—The Coroner said he quite agreed with that expression of opinion. The colliers should be protected against themselves, and the foreman ought to have exercised the rights attaching to his position.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 16'99

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL ..INSTRUCTION CLASSES.

The following is the result of the examination in physiography held in connection with the above classes :—G Bunting, G Uolliiqe, G Knowles, H J Price, J C Rawlings, A end; Thomas Banks, Ethel Bateman, L Battersby, M E Leather, E Ist; C L Haynes, E end.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CASES.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Friday, be- fore Mr. C. B. F. Borron, Thomas Bassett was brought up under a warrant, chlrged with being drunk on January 22nd and in default of raying a fine of 53. and costs was sent to gaol for 14 days.— At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday, before Col. Wood,Patrick Owen for being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday night, was fined tts 6d and costs. He was sent to gaol for 7 days in default.

BAPTIST Plc-NIC FROM BARLESTOWN. The members of the Baptist, Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour had an outing to Chester on Saturday. Leaving Earlestown at 8.45 the party numbering about 15, reached Chester an hour later, and a most enjoyable day was spent in looking round the ancient City, inspecting the Cathedral and boating on the Dee. Home was reached about 10.30, the arrangements which were made by the Rev. T. E. Miller being of a most satis- factory character. CADETS OF TEMPERANCE, EARLESTOWN.

On Saturday, the members of the Samuel Morley section of the Cadets of Temperance had their annual treat and field day. The youngsters mus- tered at the Co-operative Hall, and after parading the streets, they took the train to Lea Green, and afterwards walked to Mickle Head Green, where the field and schoolroom were placed at their dis- posal by Mr. G. W. Rawlins. After a short romp in the field the children partook of tea in the school- room, and full justice was done to the meal. After- wards the youngsters amused themselves in the field, in racing and on the swings, and thoroughly tired out, they left for home about 9 o'clock.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE PICNIC PRONE EARLESTOWN.,

The annual picnic in connection with the Hades- town Conservative Club, took place on Saturday in beautiful weather, the destination this year being Disley and Lyme Park. A large party left Earles- town about 10 o'clock and on arrival at Disley par- took of luncheon at the Ram's Head. About 230, the party wended their way to Lyme Hall, the residene. of Lord Newton, and wiled away the time by viewing the beautiful grounds attached to the hail; they also passed through the house and viewed with interest the heirlooms of the Legh family, afterwards returning by way of the cage to the Ram's Head for sea. The return journey was com- menced about 7 o'clock and allowing a two hours' stay in Manchester, the party reached home about 10 o'clock. PRIMITIVE METHODIST PICNIC FROM EARLESTOWN. _ _

On Saturday the members of the Primitive Methodists Young People's Society of Christian En- deavour, and several friends, to the number of 34, ' had a most enjoyable outing to Marple, on the in- vitation of the Rev E. R. Davies, who has lately been transferred from Earlestown to Marple. Leav- ing Earlestown at 10.37, they reached Marple about 11.30, and after partaking of dinner, filled up the afternoon by walks about the beautiful country. After tea, the cool of the evening was quietly spent by further explorations, and thoroughly pleased , with the out, the party commenced the homeward journey about 8.30, reaching Earlestown at 11.15. The arrangements which were in the fiends of Mr. J. T. Austin, were of a satisfactory character. CHRISTIAN 13RETHREN, EARLBSTOWN. On Saturday the teachers and senior class of the Sunday sehool connected with the above society had a picnic to Morecambe ibeaving Earlestown at 7-25, the party numbering 20, reached Lancaster in due course, where they made a short sojourn, and took advantage of the stay to have a look round the town. They afterwards journeyed by the tram to More- cambe, the ride through the beautiful country being much enjoyed. The Star Dining-rooms were made the headquarters and here dinner and tea were par- taken of, the catering being ot the best. Several of the party took a short sea passage, and others drove to Heysham where they visited the old church. The day was beautifully fine, and after a most enjoyable outing, the party left Morecambe at 8 o'clock naching Earlestown about 11-30. The arrangements,which were made by Mr. B. Harrison, were of a most efficient character. WARGRA.VR CHURCH CHOIR.

The annual picnic in connection with this choir took place on Saturday in beautiful weather. This year the choir decided to visit the bßautiful vale of Llangollen, and thither they with several of the church officers, proceeded, leaving Earlestown at 7.13. They reached Llangollen about 10.30, and at once proceeded to the Royal Hotel for breakfast. Afterwards a sail up the canal to Chainbridge was the order, and the Horse Shoe Falls were visited. Dinner was partaken of at the Royal Hotel and the group were photographed on the hotel lawn. The remainder of the time was spent as the party thought best, and after a most pleasant out, they left for home, reaching Earlestown about 10.15. Mr Leyland had charge of the arrangements.

EARLRSTOWN WBSLRYA.N CHOIR.

The an—n—ual picaic in connection with this choir took place on Saturday, the destination this year being Llandudno. The party numbering 22, left Earlestown at 7-10, and reached Llandudno at 11-15. After a few minutes spent on the promenade, an adjournment was made to the Grosvenor Hotel, i where an excellent dinner was partaken of. At its conclusion the party chartered four landaus, and had an enjoyable run round the Drive, and after spending a short time in the Happy Valley, they returned to the hotel for tea. The homeward jour- nsy was commenced at 4-35, arriving at Chester at 7 o'clock, where they spent a couple of hours look- ing round the city. Tney left (Mester at 9 o'clock and reached home at 9-45. the outing being oi a most pleasurable character, and the arrangements made by Mr. 14. Gosling, excellent. 1.0.G.T. HOPE or EARLESTOWN LODGE No. 1644. A meeting of the above was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, argrave-road, on Monday, Bro. CT., in the chair. Three candidates were proposed for membership, and one for restoration, who were duly received. The sick committee re- ported Mrs Cutler recovering. A candidate was proposed for initiation next week. Bro. Jones to ' visit. The secretary then gave the report of the Programme Committee on last week's social which had been one of the most suceessful,the room having been full and the interest in the proceedings being kept up to the last, and after paying all expenses a balance had been handed over to the treasurer. The

secretary reported having engaged the Large Hall, Earle-street, for the fle,wer service and service of song. It was resolved that a collection be made to def ray expenses. Bro. Wilson gave a mouth organ solo, and Bro. Wilson,and Bro. Carney of Liverpool gave an imitation of a German band. Bro. Corney gave a most instructive and amusing entertainment kowing how ta make music witn cotnmonplace articles, and with a•lead pencil playing a sailor s hornpipe, and the "March of the Men of Harlech.' He also instructed the members in the m 3 steries of ventriloquism. Thanks to Bro. Corney brought a pleasant meeting to a close. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH SENIOR CLA.S3 PICNIC.

On Saturday the members of the St. John's senior class held their annual picnic to Chester. Some 50 ladies and gentlemen left Earlestown at 7.15 ar- riving in Cnester at 8.40. After partaking of lun- cheon at Wiliianason's Restaurant the party spent the morning in visiting the various places ot inter- est in the old Roman town returning to the restaur- ant for dinner which was capitally served. After dinner a very interesting ceremony was performed by Mr. T. Molyneux in presenting Mr. J. Warburton with a beautiful writinw desk the gift of the mem- bers of the senior class. Mr. Molyneux,in the course of his remarks, said that Mr. Warburton had been their claso secretary for a long time and had always carried out his duties faithfully and efficiently, and

he hoped he would be long spared to use the beau- tiful present he had the pleasure of presenting to him on behalf of the members of the class, as a token of their recognition for past services ren- dered. Mr. Warburton briefly responded and said he felt much moved at the way .the members had

shown their appreciation of -his services, and it would be his endeavour to try and do his duties iu the tuture as he had done in the past. A visit to Eaton Hall was the next item on the programme, which place was reached by steamer. some of the party went through the hall, whilst others spent the afternoon in rambling through the park. Chas- ter was reached in time for tea and after replenish- ing the inner man they dispersed about the town until 850 at which time a start was made for home which place was reached about 10.15 all having en- joyed a grand holiday. All the arrangements were efficitsutly carried out by Messrs. J. Warburton and William Pierpoiut.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE SUICIDE OF A ST. HELENS COLLIE. On Saturday Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at St. Helens Town Hall, on the body of Jonathan Finney, a collier, of 15, Mossbank•street, Parr, who was found dreweed in the canal at Pocket Nook, on Friday morning. It appeared that deceased had been employed at Ashton's Green Colliery, and on Tuesday night he complained to a fellow collier named Pickavance that he had a pain in his side. He was" jumping about in agony," Pickavance said. Witness went up the shaft with him early on Wednesday mornins,,,and Finney who seemed to be a hit queer, started to go in the direction of his home. Other evidence showed Finney did not return home, but about three o'clock in the morning Police-conetable 11cMike.n saw him running to- wards Pocket Nook. As nothing further was heard of him dragging operations were carried out en Wednesday Tbursday, and Friday morning, when his body was pulled to the side. He appeased to have stuck head first In the mud at the bottom of the canal. In reply to a question, Pickavance said that when they were coming up the, shaft Finnsy attempted to jump out of the cage. The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide whilst of un- sound mind." AN EXPLOSION SCARE AT ST. HELENS. During the greater part of Tuesaay and Wednesday, the inhabitants of Peas.ley Cross and that part of St. Helens when the recent disastrous explosion occurred were alarmed by loud reports, which seemed to indicate that a number of explosions were taking place in the neighbourhood. The school children at Peesley Cross, who have been in a state of panic since their schools were shattered by the explosion were in a state of terror on Tuesday. The noise went on throughout the whole of Wednesday. The matter was referred to at the meeting of the Health Committee on Wednesday afternoon bv Councillor Burehall, who asked what the explosions were, He suggested that something should be done so stop them, as they were causing considerable alarm. Alderman Foster (chairman) explained that the white Cross Colliery Company had a number of old rail- way waggon wheels, which they were breaking by moans of roburite. He thought that Councillor Hough- ton had explained the cause of the explosions to the People of Pe,asley Cross, and he thought that very soon the whole town would be aware that there was nothing to:fear from these explosions.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONFERENCE

FINAL DRAFT OF STATIONS.

The final draft of stations contained the following ap- pointments in the Manchester and the Liverpool dis- tricts for the ensuing year :-- Manchester District Ministerial Training College, Prin- cipal. G Parkin, BD. Professor Peake, At A, J Welford secretary ; Manchester 1, M Laycock ; Manchester 2, A Latimer ; Manchester 3, J Masles, T & Brady,W Inman; Manchester 4, W Barker, J Boulton ; Manchester 5, T Scrimshaw J Macpherson ; Manchester 6, D Neilson, M A ; Manchester 7, P Peacock ; Mancbe,ter 8, S R Woodall ; Manchester 9, Dr J Watson, H J Butt ; Stock- port 1, F Leadley, W Birks ; Stockport 2, A Morton ; Lymm, W Eccles, G Mitchell ; Northwich, H S Targatt ; Leigh, E Shepherd ; Lowton, G H Birch, Horwich, W M Kelley ; Bollington, G H Southall. Liverpool District : Liverpool I,J Watkin; Liverpool 2, S Johnson ; Liverpool 3, J P Langham, W Moore, W Wilkinsen ; Liverpool 4, w Witham; Liverpool, 5, J D Thompson ; Runcorn, W Fidoe, R B Howerott ; Chester 1, J Travis, El Davenport ;Chester 2, J A Cheeseman, J Crompton ; Cheter 3, W Albert ; Birkenhead 1, T M Pinneck, J Graham, J Mitchell, T Bramhall, J Morton ; Birkenhead 2, A J Wigler; St Helens, J Wright; Wigan, J Angliss, J Roxby ; Buckley ,J Phillip- son; Wrexham, G Rennison; Warrington, R Finch, M H Chapman ; Elrlestown. E Bocnck ; Ellesmere Port, T Kynaaton ; Laxey. W/I Eyre ; Kingsley and Frodsham, A H Kynaston.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
A WAR SCARE AND ITS SEQUEL.

During one of the many war scares in which we have indulged any time these twenty years, a couple of her Majesty's gunb,ats were watching the Australian coast, or rather watching any suspicious craft in those waters. As is often the caise along that coast, they had met with dreadful weather, and had been buffeted about and their progress greatly delayed, so by the date the harbour I speak of was reached ample time had elapsed for war to be declared ,and it had seemed imminent enough a week before, when the ships had left their last port of call. Now this harblur held a sort of inner harbour which I would have been very convenient to an enemy for coal- hie, and where in fact large stores of coal were kept on board hulks. So it was quite on the cards that if war had broken out during those few blank days, the enemy might have made a pounce for the coal, more especially as in those days the harbeur was absolutely undefended. Now I atai told, it bristles with big guns ;it was la.ze of a full- moon night when these vessels crept quietly into the gaiter harbour. All looked peaceful enough, and the light from the lighthouse shone out as usual. It did not take leng to decide that a small armed party had better pay a surprise visit to that lighthouse, and learn what had taken place during the last week or so in its neighbourhood. The young officer who told me the story, described most amusingly the precautions taken to avoid any noise, and to surround the lighthouse whilst he and some °there went in to see what was to be found inside. Only one solitary man met them, how- ever, who stood up and saluted stolidly, but off.red no shadow of resistance, and all seemed en regle. The next , thing naturally, was to question this lighthouse keeper, hut to every demand he only shook his head. Tne sock of foreign laeguages which had accompanied that expedition was but small, however, and a shake of the head was the only answer to the same questions repeated in French aid German. It was therefore decided to t Ike the silent man back to the gunhost (leaving a couple of men in char !e of the light). an', see whether, as my informant said, they could " raise any other lingo" on board. But by the time the ship was reachel the doctor and re,t the schoolmaster was rrquired, far the p,or man was found to be in an epilen- tie fit. Daylieht brought a little shore boat alongside with his wife in it, who gave them all a very disagree- able quarter of an hour, for the lighthouse keeper was deaf and dumb, and could not imagine what crime he had committed to be tiken prisoner in that summary fashion. He knew nothing of wars or rumours of wars, but tended his lamps carefully, and his wife had been allowed,'under the elrcumstaneea, to share his solitude. —From " Colonial ..ltemol'ie3," in the " Cornhill Maga- zine " for July.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCELES.

EMMANUEL REFORMED CHURCH-

On Sunday, the Sunday School Anniversary services were held in this church the preacher being the Right R:y. Bishop Eldridge, Presiding Bishop of the Refermed Episcopal Church in England. The special hymns pre- pared for the occasion by the Sunday scholars and choir were efficiently sung and they added much interest to the proceedings of the day. At the morning service the Bishop took for his text Isa. 11. 6. " A little child shall lead them," in the evening he preached from the words "The children which God hath graciously given thy servant." Gen. 33. 5. Both sermons were appropriate to the occasion, that in the morning inaicated the great importance of child life and the powerful influence exercised by the purity and inno- cence of children. The consequent duty of carefully training the young in the fear ot the Lord was earnestly, enforced. The discourse in the evening, which was ad- dressed especially to parents and teachers, contained much sound and practical advice as to parental respon- sibility. In the afternoon an impressive confirmation service was held,at which 16 candidates were confirmed. The first address of the Bishop to the candidates pointed out that the rite of confirmation woe of no avail unless it was preceded by repentance toward God and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ; In his second address the necessity for the individual acceptance of the Holy Spirit was pressed home upon the confirmers. At the close of the evening service, the whole of those who had been confirmed, to- gether with a large number of other communicants par- took of the Lord's Supper. The attendarres throughout the day were satisfactory. Collections were taken up in aid of the Sunday school. A STARTLING PROPHECY.

Mr. George Waite, of Uphoilaed, lec':ured in the Christadephian Room, Bold-street, on Sunday, on" startling prophecy on the Word of God, relating to great and important changes in these latter days." The lecturer identified present day powers with those named in the prophecy in question (Ezekiel 33) and showed that the two opposing powers were Russia and England with their allies. England was in Egypt at the present time, preparatory to the conflict foreshown in the prophecy under consideration, whieh positiop students of prophecy pointed out many years ago would have to be taken by Egypt, because God had said it should be so in His Word. According to that Word, England would be thrown out of England,and the matter was of present and pressing interest on account of other matters which were occurring, which showed that the event was not far hence. Mr. Waite after referring to the Papacy, and showing its identity with various prophecies, pointed te the Zionist movement as a further indication of the near approach of the prophetic epoch under con- sideration. The very dry bones of Israel, among which there was a noise and a shaking, and a coming of bone to his tone, would become "an exceeding great army" and though it would be bad in the coming time o f trouble for England, it would be much worse for Russia the oppressor of Israel. The stone which Daniel saw smite the image would fill the whole earth, 'and unto them that look for him shall Christ appear the second time without sin unto salvation."

Famous School Boots, for Boys and Girls. sCALEs AND SONS. 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt• SECOND HAND CYCLES, LARGE QUANTITY fetr SALE or HIRE,--1, S. GARLAND. Bridge-street, War- rington.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SHORTHAND WRITERS' ASSOCIATION.

ANNUL MEETING.

The annual general meeting of the nssc&ation was I held on Monday, at the Association Rooms, Savage's I Bridge. There were present :—Messrs W E Dudley (chairman of the committee), J G Millington, J Simkia, A Dodd, Millington, Senior, R H Bridges, Jones, R Ben- nion (hon. treasurer), A Edwardson, (hon. librarian), C Tomkins (hon. secretary), and C Clare (assistant secretary). In their rep -irt, the committee congratulated the mem- bers upon having emerged successfully through their first session. The Association was formally constituted on November 14th, but owing to delay in finding a suit- able room, it was not possible to begin actual work until quite a month later. The organisation of a Shorthand Writers' Association was entirely new work to the committee, and commencing rather late in the year, it was impossible fer them to arrange anything more than a programme of modest pretentions. Shorthand practice engaged the attention of the members for the greater part of the ses.ion, and at the last few meetings discussions on outlines with blackboard demonstration proved bath interesting and instructive. The committee hoped that would be made a prominect feature of the Association's programme, in the future. During the session lectures were given on the subjects of " An ideal association " obtained from the lecture exchange of the National Federatioe ot S.W. A.'s.) ; " The typewriter and it; uses," by Mr. F.W. Thomasson, member of the Council of the National Federation ; and " The Solar System " (illustrated) by Mr. J. F. Moulton (Runcorn), one of the society's vice- preeidents. On March the 6th an examination was held in connection with the National Federation at at which six candidates were presented. The speeds ranged from 60 te 120 words per minute, the examination being based on a five minutes test. It was evident that the experience was new to the majority of the candidates, as only one member pulled through, viz : Mr. A. Ed wardeon, at the rate of 100 words per minute. The committee hoped, with more practice, to see better results in the future. A second examination was held on June 12th, the results of which were not yet to hand. The report recorded deep regret at the removal by death of Mr. P. Speakman J.P., CA., and Mr. T. A. Milliner_ Mr. Speakman was one of the first to accept the office of vice-president and to wi4l the movement success. Mr. Millinger was a member of the committee and by his death his colleagues felt they bad lost a warm supporter." Mr. R. Bennion presented the balance sheet from which it appeared there was a balance of £2 103 in hand On the motion of Mr. Dodd, seconded by Mr Simkin the report and balance sheet were adopted. On the motion of Mr. W. E. Dudley, seconded by Mr. A. Dodd the following resolution was unanimously adopted :—" That this association do tender a vote of condolence to the wife and family ef the late Mr. Philip Speakman, J.F., C.A., and the parents of the late Mr. T. A. Milliner in the great loss they have severally sustained and begs to express its deep regret at the removal of a worthy vice-president, and an ac- tive member of the committee."

The offic?rg_for the ensuing year were elected ag fol.

lows :—President, Mr Sans-uel Taylor, J.P., Rydal Mount ; vic,-presidents, Messrs James Handley, J.P., F A Lake, J Wilson, J E Meredith ; committee, Messrs W E Dudley, A Dodd, J G Millington, T Clare, Senior, J Simkin. E Gleave, F Burrows, and I 0 Williams; hon. secretary,Mr C Tomkins ; hon. treasurer, Mr R Bennion; hon. librarian, Mr A Edwardson ; assistant secrPtary,Mr R H Bridges. The committee were authorised to devote a portion of the balance in hand towards the purenase of shorthand books for the library, and several suggestions were dis- cussed concerning the programme of the coming Ses• sion. The usual votes of thanks concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

THE SUICIDE IN THE WEAVER CANAL. INQUEST AND VERDICT.

On Friday afternoon Mr. J. C. Bate, coroner held an inquest at the Frodsham Police Station touching the death of Samuel Burkill, labourer, who was found drowned in the Weaver Canal on Thursday morning last week.—Martha Ann Booth stated that she was the wife of William Booth, and resided at Bridge-lane, Frod- sham. Deceased was her father,and lv lived with them, ancliwas a general labourer at Messrs. Ashworth's works. He was 47 years of age. He left home on Wednesday night about twenty minutes past five. He was then going fon night duty at the works. She never saw him alive again. The next moraing whea she got uo at seven o'clock she found the deceased had been in the house and left his watch and chain and basket there. She felt upset as her father was not in the house, but thinking he might have gone to ber sister's she went out to look for him. He had been more or less depressed since his wife's death four year's ago. He never told witness that he would take his life. He had not been off work at all. He was quite comfortable with witness and her husband. Some few weeks ago deceased attended the funeral of an old friend.—Eliza Charles- worth said she resided at the Cave, Frodshaen. She was talking to deceased on Thursday last. She knew he had been rather depressed in his mind, and she asked him if he was any better. She knew he had been suffering from influenza. The deceased replied that he " wished he was buried."—George Rogers, in the employ of Messrs. Ashworth, said he knew deceased very well. He saw him on Thursday morning at the works at about 5-45. He knew he had been ill, and he inquired how he was. Deceased replied that he was worse. Ha had threatened to commit su cide in witness's presence. On Thursday morning deceased told witness it would not be long before he was at Overton (i.e. the church- yard).—Joseph Caldwell stated that on Thursday morning he heard Burkhill was missing, and he went along the Weaver Canal with a man named Rou,ghsedge to see if they could find any trace of the deceased. Oa the canel side they found his jacket and cap. They sent word to the police, and then procured a boat hook and com- menced to drag the canal. P.C. Price came on the scene, and grappling was resorted to with :he assistance of several others, and the body was recovered.—P.C. Price stationed at Frodsham, gave corroborative evidence. He found the last witness dragging with a boat honk. Wit- ness and Mr. Soden got in a boat and searched the canal, and eventually Mr. Boden recovered the body. The legs were tied together with the piece of rope produced.— The jury returned a verdict that the man committed suicide whilst temporarily insane. . .

APPOINTMENT OF MAGISTRATES CLERIL—At the con- clusion of tkle Petty Be33ions,on Wedaesday, Mr. Charles Reynolds (chairman) announced that the Bench had been considering the appointment of a clerk in ouccesaion to the late Colonel AilltonQand had decided to appoint Mr. F. A. Lake (solicitor) Of Runcorn to the post,

PARISH COUNCIL MEHTING.—A special meeting of the Frodstsam Parish Councillors was held in the Court-room on Friday, M. C. E. Linaker presiding over the follow- ing members : Messra. E:rlem, Illidge, Rodgers, Snore, Bothwell, Kydd, Mosley Williams, Davies, Booth,Gleave, and George Jones (parish clerk). The Clerk produced a circular letter which had been received from the Cheshire County Council, enclosing a copy of the new county rate basis or standard tor assessment.—The Chairman explained that he had fully gone into and con- sidered the matter, and ascertained that the proposed basis was £246 less than the previous period, and that the amount mentioned, viz., £13,911, was in excess of the actual rateable value of the township by £631. A precept upon the overseers of the poor for £25 to meet current expenditure was signed.—The Chairman re- ported the receipt of 153 from Lord John Sanger and Sons, Limited, damage done to one of the Jubilee trees on the arrival of the animals in the Main-3treet on the previous Thursday.—The attention of the Footpaths Committee was directed to be drawn to certain roads which required attention, and hedges which needed trimming. THE BLURCIAT SCHOOL TREAT TO OVERTON HILLS.— On Wednesday, the boys and girls attending the Blue- coat School, Liverpool, to the number of 330, were enjoying themselves upon the delightful Overton Hills. The occasion was the triennial treat afforded them by the Bluecoat Brethren. The trip, which arrived in Frodsham about ten o'clock, was accompaniel by Mr. William Canning (president of the society), Mr. J. O'Neild (secretary), Messrs. C. J. Jones, W. Wellinge, W. Lester and R. G. Shannon (members of the Society), and also Ly Mr. Mercer (headmaster) and Miss Uts3ll (matron). Luncheon and tea were provided the chit- dren,and during the day sports and games were indulged in for excelling in wkich the little ones were awarded useful prizes. After thoroughly enjoying themselves, the company returned home from Frodsham by the 9 p in. train. The school was accompanied by its own band, and sweet music was discoursed at intervals. The thunderstorm which passed over the district between five and six forced the company to the shelter of the Mersey View Pavilion, but owing to the magnificent accommodation there, sport was little interfered with.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MARKETS.

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday new wheat (white) fetched 48 Od (701 b. to the bushel) ; red wheat, 3s lid ; new oats, 2s Bd. Flour best seconds, per 2401 b., 18s 6d. Bran, lid ta is lid per 201 b. Prices at the Provision Market were as follows:—Fresh butter 18 to is 2d per lb.; fresh eggs, 12 and 13 for is ; fowls, 5s to 6s per couple; English beef, 5d to 10d; lamb, 8d to is Id; m ut ton Gd to 10d; veal, Bcl to 10d; pork, Gd to 8.

Walking Day Boots and Shoes. SCALES AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

CY CLES,—Speci al Ladies and Gents Machines at £7 155. See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. Best Wearing Boots. SCALES AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. CYCLES. Premiers, £lO lOs ; Eacelsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids £l5 its OS. Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. CHOICE DAIRY FED PORK, fresh daily. J. BAYLEY ISAAC, Horsemarket-street.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LA'l' FSl' N i vs.

SCENE IN THE BELGIA.N CHAaIBER OF DEPUTIES. FISTS FREELY USED.

An unprecedented " scene," arising from the agitation ageing', the Government Suffrage Bill, took place in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives on Wednesday. From the opening of the sitting, the Socialists prevented all business by continuous singing, shouting, and whist- ling. The uproar cuhuinated in a rush on the Minis- terial bench. The Government supporters massed round their leaders, and fists were used freely on both sides. Many members pulled others down and rolled on the fixir. The ugliest onslaught was towards the Prime Minister himself, who was reviled as responsible for the Suffrage Bill, but his friends were able to prstct him from serious injory. It was the most violent scene ever enacted in the Belgian Parliament.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
DISASTROUS IILL FIRE.

About 2.30 a.m. yesterday morning the inhabitants of Kingswood were alarmed by the cry of" fire" from one of the mills owned by Messrs. Tubbs and Lewis, elastic and silk weavers. Tne fire commenced in the rubber room just over the water wheel, and so rapidly did the flames spread that within an hour the mill was destroyed with the exception of the walls and a chimney stack. Messrs Tubbs and Lewis employ over 600 people and as the other two mills are dependent upon the one destroyed for the supply of elastic, it is feared that 200 persons, chiefly women and girls, will be thrown out of employment. The damage is estimated at £50,000 which is covered by insurance. WIDNES THEATRE STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.

On Wednesday evening during the heavy thunder- storm which passed over Widnes the Alexandra Theatre was struck by lightning. A chimney stack was de- molished, but fortunately the main body of the spaciou building was uninjered, the debris falling on the land adjacent. The people working in the theatre were greatly alarmed at the occurrence. DROWNING FATALLTY IN THE THAMES.

At six o'clock yesterday morning, on the Thames, a barge collided with Kew Bridge. A lighterman,a woman named ficdtord, and a gin i of 12,were swept off the deck by the tiller,which was swung round by the rush of the tide. The woman and the girl were drowned and the barge sank. COLLINS AND HIS RECORD SCORE.- . RECOGNITION FROM A. E. STODDART.

Mr. A. E. Stoddart, in recognition of the Clifton College lad Collins beating his record innings, has sent him a tat an a complimentary letter. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The Lllowing forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north- we3t of England was isited at the Meteorological Office at three o'clock yesterday afternoon : North-westerly t 3 south-westerly winds light, fair generally: PLATT BETTS BREAKS ANOTHER RECORD.

At the Crystal Palace on Wednesday, J. Platt Betts made a successful attempt on J. W. Stocks's mile record otlmin. 44sec. from a standing start (paced), by cover- ing the distance in basin. 43 2-ssecs., or 3 ssec. better tkan Stocks'sttme.

MORE THUNDERSTORMS. FIVE HEIFERS KILLED.

During au exceptionally severe thunderstorm which pamed over Market Drayton and neighbourhood on Wednesday night many houses in the town were flooded tor a considerable deptb. At Sowdley, an adjacent village, five valuable heifers belonging to Mr. Beeston were killed. NARROW ESCAPE OF RACEHORSES.

The Duke of Westminster's famous horse Orme and a valuable colt named Wail, by Bond Or—Gluntlet, had a narrow escape during Wednesday's terrific storm. The animals were in adjoining stalls in the yearling paddock at Eaton. The lightning struck the roof of the building, stripping off it about a cartload of slates, and splitting some ornamental tile work in two. Fortunately neither of the animals was injur.A. A valuable brood mars at Churton, a few miles away, was killed by lightning. YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. THE THIRD TEST MA MB. AN EVEN DAY'S PLAY.

Tee third t^st match was entered upon at Headingley, Leeds, yesterday, in the presence of 20,000 spectatcri. F. S. Jackson and J. Briggs filled the two vacancies in the English team. The Australians won the toss and began batting on a wicket which suffered from the effects of the over-night rain. They made a bad atand, Noble, Belly, and Gregory going out for "ducks," but some grand batting by Worrall and Hill improved matters, the venture ultimately closing for 172, of which total Worrall made 76, and Hill 34. England commenced by losing MacLaren early on, and three wickets were drawn for 63. The score at close of play was as follows : AUSTRALIA.

J Worrall run out J J Kelly c Fry b Briggs 0 M A Noble run out S E Gregory c Lilley b Hearne 0 C Hill c Lilley b Young 34 J Darling c Young b Briggs 9 V Trumper b Young 12 H Trumble not out 2O P Layer st Lilley b Briggs E Jones b Young W P Howell c Ranjiltsinhji b Young 7 Extras .

Total 172 ENGLAND.

A C MacLaren c and b Trumble Brown (3 T) c Trumble e Noble 27 K S Raniitsinhii c Worrall b Noble Quail° G not out) 2O F S Jackson b Trumble C B Fry not out Extras 5

Total (for 4 wkta) ll9 HAMPSHIRE v. SURREY: Surrey 200; Hampshire 53 for 2. OXFORD v. M. C. C. c Oxford 169; M. C. C. 169 for 9.

===== 0002601_18990630_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CAN WIRELESS TELEGRAPEUC MESSAGES BE INTERCEPTED?

As much discussien has been provoked by the possibi- lity of wireless telegraphic messages being intercepted during their flight through the air by persons other than for which they were intended, the article in the current Windsor upon " Signor Marconi and Wireless Telegraphy," will be read with timely interest. Regard- ing this point, Mr. Cleveland Moffet, the writer of the article, says : "In the first place it is evident that generals and admirals, as well as privet inoividuals, could always protect themselves by sending their des- patches in cipher. Then, during active military operations, despatches could often be kept within a friendly radius by lewering the wire on the mast until its transmitting power came within that radius. Mar- coni realises, of cours?, the desirability of being able in certain cases to transmit messages in one and orny one direction. To this end he has conducted a special series of experiments with different sending apparatus from that already described. He uses no wee here but a Righi oscillator placed at the focus of a parabolic copper reflector two or three feet in diameter. The waves sent out by this oscillator are quite different from the others, bring only about two feet long instead of three or four hundred feet, and the results up to the present, are less important than those obtained with the pendent wire. Still, in trials on the Salisbury Plain, Marconi and his assistants sent messages perfectly in this way over a distance or a mile and three-quarters, and were able to direct these messages at will by aiming tbe reflector in one direction or another. It appears these Hertzian waves, though invisible, may be concen- trated by parabolic reflectors into parallel beams and projected in narrow lines just as a bull's-eye lantern projects beams of light. And it was found that a very slight shifting of the reflector would step the messages at the receiving end, In other words unless the Elertzian beams fell directly n the receiver there was an end of all communication. Besides the possibility of directing the waves with reflectors, Marconi is now engaged in most promisipg experiments in syntony, which I may describe as the electrical tuning of a particular transmitter to a particular receiver, so that the latter will respond to the former, and no other. That, of course, is a possibility in the future, but it bids fair so- nto be realised. There are even some who main- tain that there may be produced as many separate sets of tranemitters and receivers only capable of working together!us there are separate sets of Yale locks and keys. In that event, any two private individuals might com- municate freely without fear of being misunderstood by 'others,'

W arrington.— Printed and published by John VirALS6-4,001 at The Examiner General Printing Works, BewseYtM .t and published by them at the same place and also aeoriP Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, Winiiks street, ST. HELENS, and 3 Market-street, lisELES;,trycoß ithe County of Lancaster and also at High-strae" in.the County of Chester.—JUN a 33 1899

===== 0002601_18990630_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
0„

bil SH4 tau sha

CI rET 'Dal/ AZ( to ix

Ltvi ti!ltt: .14/41 aat : 10.4 t

PO' &Nl] lik/c To.

1 .att, Thu Tuel, Sat',

===== 0002601_18990630_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW TALE! NEW TALE! IN THE EXAMINER" . FRIDAY, JULY 14TH. A SPLENDID NEW SERIAL STORY ENTITLED ;- 'THE REVENGE OF VALERIE," BY HUME NISBET, WILL 13011131BNCE. EXAMINER," FRIDAY, JULY 14TH.

CHRISTADELPHIANS. BOLD-STREET, 6.30 p.m.. July 2. "Prophecy fulfilled ha the present state ef things among the nations of the earth," by Mr. C. OGDEN, Warrington.

NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. agujay Das follows :—Worship 10-30, School 2, Goepel u•ou• Preleber • Mr. JAS. GREEN All seats free. No Boas provided.

SATCHEL L'S STYLISH MILLINERY, EFFECTIVE AND INEXPENSIVE TAILOR-BUILT COATS AND SKIRTS, Made and Pitted by Men Only, TO MEASURE FROM 21 GUINEAS. COVERT COATS. FROX 365. 9n. SAT CHELL'S, 481 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A.P TIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. THE ANNUAL SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED OE SUNDAY, JULY 9TH, 1899, BY THE REV. D. 0. DAVIES. of Rochdale. SERVICES: AFTERNOON, 2-30; EVENING 6-30. Collections at each service in aid of the Church Funds. Your presence and aid are earnestly solieited.

MUSIC IN THE PARE. MR. T. J. DOWN'S MILITARY BAND WILL PLAY A SELECTION OF MUSIC. IN THE PARK, NEXT THURSDAY EVENING. 6nt JULY, COMMENCING AT 7.30 P.M. CONDUCTOR :-T. J. DOWN ESQ.

TIOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The ELECTRIC LIGHTING and SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE 'he Council are prepared to RECEIVE TENDERS for the caRCTION of an ELECTRIC LIGHT STATION and "rid SANITARY DEPOT at Wharf Meadows, Howley. heetiona lizeavator, Bricklayer &Mason Carpenter & Joiner Work, Work, Slater Work. Plumber Work, Painter & Glazier Work, Plaster Work, Steel & Ironwork. Drawings may be seen and Copies of the Specifications, General ()auditions of Contract and Forms of tender may be obtained on and after MONDAY, the 3rd JULY NEXT at the Li !ft ea of JAMES DEAS, C.E.M.1.M.E., Municipal Offices, rwetarrington, upon payments of El is. for each section, to be urned on receipt of a bona-fide tender. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Chairman of the Com- mittee, Town Hall. Warrington, and endorsed Tender for Rlectric Light Station and Central Sanitary Depot section " must be delivered on or before NOON on TUES- DAY. the 18Tif JULY NEXT. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 23rd June. 1899. _

d• -T IVERPOOL TO BELFAST, WEEK— ,,-.END TICKETS (Saturday -to Monday). 7 Return Saloon 10s. Return Steerage ss. &S. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday, from West side St. George's Dock SATURDAY. JUNE 24th 10-30 p.m. TUESDAY, JUNE 27th, 120 p.m. *THURSDAY JUNE 29th, 9 0 p.m. *SATURDAY, JULY let 10-30 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. Single Saloon Bs. Return 12s 6d. Single Steerage, 3s 6d. :eturn be 6d. Send for new Edition "Peeps at Irish eenery• J. " 3. J MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET, .'BR POOL.

L' IVERTOOL AND GLASGOW, calling 1.. d at GREENOCK, weather and circum- 14A. stames permitting OWL AND BEAR k. Quaer steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). JULY. I I, Rom LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW ituesday 4th 830 p.m. Saturday Ist 2 p.m. 6 30* aaturday Bth 9 p.m. Thursday 6th 2 p.m. 5 21" 4horsday'l3th 2 p.m, Tuesday 11th 2 p.m. 5 40* tleaday 18th 6 p.m. Saturday 15th 2 p.m. 6 30* I From Clarence Dock, South-West Side I3Y Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. s'aLINARy PARES.- Cabin (single). 10s.; return (available OretZ° months), 15s ; steerage, (single) Sc ' • SPECIAL FARES: ret,:win return (available for ten days), 12s 6d. Steerage boosni,',ll (available for ten days), 71. 6d. Through ri, `,lzlzs in connection with Cheshire Lines between War- Lll4'3n, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return liets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool tt 'Amers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation 3"1 PanT, Limited, C. MACIVER & CO.. Managers, Albert ~„ "are. Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY TIM CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winifride's Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON ( Will Sal from the Prince's Landing-stage and Blostym Weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. tjkVerage passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, 1;0 to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in °rtil Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. gat Prom LIVERPOOL From MOSTYN It; let July, 2 0 pin. Sat. Ist July, 630 p.m. T„ • 3rci July, 3 0 p.m. Mon. 3rd July, 730 pan. 1,,,,"°5• 4th July, 4 0 p.m. Tues. 4th July, 8 0 p.m. "ed. sth July, 8 o a.m. Wed. sth July, 10 0 a.m. sth July, p. ~6 45 m sth July, 8 0 p.m. •"11. 6th July, 9 0 am. Thu. 6th July, 8 0 pm. r-i• 7tls July, 9 0 a en. Fri. 7th July, 12 0 noon .at, Bth July, 9 0 a.m, Sat. Bth July, 1 p.m, Sinlzle Fare (Deck), Is. 6d. ; (Bridge), 2s. 6d. Return tare (Deck). 2s. ; Bridge, 3s. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue any. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. Offices ; 27, I,ZATBR-`1 MUM, Liverpool. Telephone, 2.334.

IVERPOOb AND NORTH WALES.—DIILY SAILINIS (Sundays included) LIVERPOOL to ANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI 4IIGE (weather and circumstannes permitting) sailing from Prince's Landing Stage at '0 a m , the splendid paddle steamer "ST. TUDNO " for eamaris, Bangor, and Menai Midge. allowing about 4 hours on shore at Llandudno, and due back 7-30 p.m. Apr „r-11NOoN EXCURSIONS—Rvery Saturday and Sunday at 4-15 p.m., by the "ST. ELVIES. or SNOWDON," connecting with the" ST. TUDNO " at Llandudno. RETURN DIY FARES. let Saloon. 2nd Saloon. IfjvverPool and Llandudno ss "Ppol and Menai Straits CHEAP HALE-DAY FARES. Att,or all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTD.. T. G. Se,retary, 2), WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. eL. • €366.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS. LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER" 'MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICH AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Manion Street, Warrington

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S • HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 221 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETM AN'S NEW NAIUR AL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING GR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- V. B. SWEETMAN. 5, RANELAGII-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

44pEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 1.1 DID-," "OH, YS! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LIIEOE-STREE2, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

WEDDING AND BIRTfiDA Y PRESENTS. tso COINS. WAR MEDI, LS, AND ANTIQUES, On Sale. a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BEIC•A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 25.; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tascel with each recover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. 27,Miarcakerka-BT. ; branch,9, Great George- street, Liverpool.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL Lt now showing an ENORMOUS STOCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST STYLES AND MO ST MODERATE PRICES IR the City. GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 158. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES ,FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

RRUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. lIGGINGTON'S Improved lit/actual TRUSS or Cure f Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7a 9 El rosvenor-street Lon oon-road. Maw:hirer. .

BARLO W'S In POWDERS. Cure Pain in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgia, Sciatica, Rheumat- ism, Anaemia, &c. All Chemists Is 1,1 and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILIALEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

To BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS, PEELS, RODS, SCALES, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS. PIPES, EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINE9I MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS. BUN PROVERS, !PIPING TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM FREFZERS, £O,, ALL BAKEHC USE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOOK. 4 PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. M. Lo ifE, 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hill.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good quality and first-class workmanship. The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them FIT FOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large stozk, experience, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which naturally apply to oar well-known extensive business of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852), in whieh we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all parts of the country, make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE LESS THAN THE USUAL COST PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 101 MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL. LIME-STEEET END (Close by the Adelphi Hotel). pLE OF MAN AND BACK FOR 3s. LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAMERS, LTD. The ex Royal Mail Steamer IRELAND Will Leave the Prince's Stage. Liverpool, Daily. commencing JULY 1. Return Fare. Saloon. 55; Return Fare, 2nd Saloon, 3s (available for one month). Season Tickets, 21s. This magnificent vessel, the Largest Paddle Steamer in the World. was built by Laird Bros., Birkenhead, at a cost of over EIOJ,COO. Elegantly Furnished, Grand Promenade Deck, Private Cabins, Ladies Private Cabin—all fitted with Electric Lights and Bells. Tickets and Sailing Bills to be had at WILIER'S Tobaceo Market, 53, Whitechapel, Liverpool, or on Board. Telephone No. 6299.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, IS. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY POST IS. 3D. AND BD. EACH. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPRL, LIVERPOOL.

HIGH-CLASS DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, &C. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLER'S PRICES. EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 - LONDON-ROAD, - 122 LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS,': JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITH, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. MAGNIFICENT VARIETY OF LADIRS'DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RINGS, GENT'S SINGLE-STONE DIAMOND RINGS, DIAMOND PENDANTS, BRACELETS, LADIES' AND GENT'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL THE LEAD- ING MAKERS. OLD GOLD AND SILVER ANTIQUES, DIAMONDS, AO., BOUGHT OR TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. TELEPHONE, 2061. MONET ADVANCED ON JEWELLERY, DIAMONDS, WATCHES. PLATE. &C., To ANT AMOUNT AT Low RATES OF INTEREST ; STRICT PRIVACY' GUARANTEED.

LAN ANDS' SAILINGS. GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer: From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarence Doak. Berth No. 24, North Side. Saturday, July let, 5 p.m. Tuesday, July 4th, 2 p.m. Thursday', July 6th, 10 p.m- Saturday, July Bth, 2 p.m. 'Tuesday, July 11th, 12 noon. Thursday,July 13th, 2 p.m. Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock at 6-30 p.m. f From Landing Stage at 3 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Single, 10s. ; Return, valid for Two Months, 15s; Steerage, Single, ss, SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, valid for 10 days only, are issued at 12s 6d Cabin ; 7s 6d Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

THROUCiII LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warringt on via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First class and Saloon 23s 6d ) Trains run Third class and Saloon 155 Od alongside Third class and Fore Cabin lls Oil steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for gr fug via Barr° Ar and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- woad, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares :-- First-class and Saloon 19s Od Third-class and Saloon 13s 61 Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steatwr "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be EXTRA sailings every SATURDAY, July Bth to SEPTEM- BER 2nd., in connection with traia leaving Warrington at 12.25 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE lc CO., Barrow. ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. B.S. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal July 6th s.s. COREAN. for St. John's N.F. and Halifax... July Bth s.s. TAINUI, for Quebec and Montreal July 13th s.s. SIBERIAN, for St. John's N.F., and Halifax July 18th S.S. PARISIAN for Quebec and Montreal July 20th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool ; or to J.S. GREEIV, 34, Bridge-st., Warringto

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

-UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS. (Sundays eiteepted). From LIVERPOOL From DOUGLAS. DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE from let July. Daily 10.30 am., 2p.m. Daily 9 a.m.. 4 p.m. Saturdays 5 p.m. & 12.39 'nt I Mondays 12.39 DAY EXCURSIONS from Ist July. From Liverpool —.10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Douglas due about 2 p.m. I Liverpool due abt 7.30 p.m. Also by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight, at day excursion fares. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY direct—Saturdays 12-30 noon, Mondays from 10th, 12.30 noon ; via Douglas. Tuesdays and Thursdays from 4th July, 2 p m. The most enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow ii via Douglas. Clicap excursions. Illustrated programme free, postage id. Isle of Man Stearnpacket Company, Limited, Douglas; THOMAS ORFORD & SON, 22, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL. IV. HITE STAR LINE V 4itli A.. 1. LIVROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ERPOOL to NEW YOB via Queenstown. GERMANIC Wed, July 5 I MAJESTIC Med., July 12 becond Class carried on MAJESTIC and TEUTONIC only. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply fa ISMAY, IMRIE, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenball str,et. T,onden

MRS. WALTON'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEAD LANE, PADGATE, ORE MINUTE'S WALK FROM 'BUS TERMINUS.

NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE. FARMER'S ARMS, FBARNHEAD. JOSEPH ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fe4rnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time at reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison's latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES, and Stout. Wines, Spirits, and cigars of the Best Quality. A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Mies of Photographic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING ANn,OTHEti GROUPS SPECIALITIE.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85, Bridge-street, Warrington to more suitable premises at Padgate-lane, FAIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with tka most improved type of oven, ensuring the maximum of cieauliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 198.

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

CHAS. W. &TUN & SON, PADGATE NURSERIES AND POULTRY-FARM Near Warrington. NURSERYMEN. FLORISTS & SEEDSMRN.II 10,000 BEDDING PLANTS FOR BALE. MARKET : WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN, IGAN. STOCKiiON HEATH: MONDAY Inspection of Nurseries invited

D DES DANDELION COFFEE The beat and cheapest ever offered to the Public,. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and ls. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDBS AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM worm= ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPR AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ko., lc. TENTS and MARQUEES ter Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, rte., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

NVEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SBVBN SHILLINGS AND SIXPIINCR to Flk TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Bstablished 1864.

Telephone No, 7056, Telephone No. 7056, AEOLUS CYCLES. Before purchasing your Cycles, you will do well to inspect these FAMOUS M AnHINES which are unequalled in QUALITY' and FINISH. Guaranteed Best English Manufacture Special Road Racer, £l2 10s. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., • 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. The Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearings as applied to Cycles throughout the World. WORKS; SUMMER-LANE, BIRMINGHAM.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a position to SELL all the LATEST ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. W. ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery :-69, Lime-street.

.130 W LS. BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. JOSEPH DARLINGTON the noted old Bowl Turner, invites the inspection of his good selection of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignum- vitce, and made strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS, ice. GENERAL WOOD AND IVORY TURNER. 12, 14, & 16, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL Established 1826. W. P. FRANCIS AND CO. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, BROAD STREET HOUSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATEERS FREE OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST.

WOUND THE.RIGEIT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms ir. Bag and Moss, sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, ls to is 64 per dozen; gut Casts,three yerds,4l, 4d, 6d, and 9d each ; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for Id; porcupines, id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoope).

LONG WORTH PAPER MERCHANT. 1 BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6cl cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE ~ 115 „ PURPLE BA.GS, 95 „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE ou PINK,. 125 6d, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 70 ;16 by 24, 10d; 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream.. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 oze. 15. 4 ozs. 15 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, Is 6d 10‘.10. NOTE PAPER,3fI per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS.STEEBT. MANCHESTER.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT 7 POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S, POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ie. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOIDGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

TAM O'SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. -Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show Rooms 35 NORTH JOHN STREET LIVERPOOL • ELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOB WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANWAY, 37, BUTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOB RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, IxtormorroEns.

SMALL'S, GREAT GEORGE STREET, AN.D ALFRED ST REET LI VERPOOL. ALSO RICE LANE, NEAR ORBELL LANE. WHOLESALE BE D DIN G MANUFACTURER. FULL-SIZED BEDSTEAD, BRASS MOUNTED, HEAD AND FOOT, PAIR STRONG PALLIASSES., WOOL BED, BOLSTER AND 2 PILLOWS, TOILET WARE, CARPET, 3 YARDS BY 2 YARDS, LARGE TOILET CHEST OF DRAWERS, GOOD SIZE, WELL-MADE WASH STAND, TOILET GLASS, TOWEL RAIL, TWO CANE-SEATED CHAIRS, ALL FOR £3 19g. OD ALL POLISHRD, EITHER WALNUT, BIRCH, OR MAHOGANY, ALL TO MATCH.

DO YOU REQUIRE FASHIONABLE TAILORING FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. MEN'S TWEED SUITS, NEW COLOURINGS FROM MEN'S BLACK VICUNA. AND WORSTED COATS AND VEST FROM 15s, 6D. MEN'S STYLISH TROUSERS FROM 7s. 6D. The Choicest Selections in High Class WOOLLENS and WORSTED Suitings. FROM THE BEST MAKERS IN THE KINGDOM. YOUTHS SUITS. All up to Date. Stylish. At Popular Prices. BOY'S SUITS. A Marvellous Assortment of Styles in the Essex. Howe, Leslie, Lincoln, Viscount, Sirdar, Baron, Howard, Sultan, Stirling, West End, Grant, Oval, Golf, Norfolk, &c. From 38. 11d. to 10s. 6d. The Largest Stock of Juvenile Speeialites in Town. ORDER DEPARTMENT • SUITS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from TROUSERS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WA RRINGTON,

ASK YOUR GROCER OR FLOUR DEALER FOR "D.C.L." YEAST. THERE ARE CHEAP INFERIOR YEASTS AND MANY FOREIGN MAKES, BUT D.C.L. IS OF HOME MANUFACTURE AND THE BEST. IF YOU CANNOT GET IT DROP A POST CARD TO DORAN AND CO., 22, PRINCESS-STREET, WIGAN. GROCERS. BAKERS, AND CONFECTIONERS WHO CANNO r GET " D.C.L." YEAST FROM THEIR RESPECTIVE DEALERS, KINDLY WRITE US AND THE SAME SHALL HAVE OUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.

WALKING DAY AND THE HOLIDAY SEASON. JANES ATKINSON IS NOW MAKING SPECIAL DISPLAY OF TRIMMED MILLINERY AT POPULAR PRICES. CHILDREN'S MILLINERY, WASHING BONNETS and COATS to match. SAILOR HATS AT ALL PRICES. SMART SILK BLOUSES, LADIES' MUSLIN AND PIQUE BLOUSES. CAPES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CYCLING AND WALKING COSTUMES from 15s. 6d. each. PIQUE COSTUMES AND SKIRTS. WHITE PIQU& (bold cord) PRICES 4id. to 81d. yard. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CELEBRATED C.B. CORSETS and Other Well-known Makes. NEWEST LACE. RIBBON AND GLOVES. 7.11, AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PENDLEI3ITRY AND COMPANY, 10, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. INLAID LINOLEUMS, 2s. 11D., AND 3s. 6D. PER YARD.

TURNISH THROUGHOUT AT LOWEST PRICES. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. MOST ARTISTIC FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN ENGLAND. STYLE, QUALITY, AND ECONOMY.

...................4)4440 .......4 ' STARCHING A PLEASURE! THE NEW STARCH. 1 14. M. TIACIOLVIIS.E.T. az CanS. 'V r • 1 St 0 SSiteit StaV ch 9 3 , Requires no glaze. May be used with hot or cold water. i , Saves time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist for it. , SOLD IN PACKETS, id. and 4d. SOLE MYEITFICITIRSCRS I. E. E. TX-10/1/1.11.0 436 CO., Trince'sßuildingafidge-Iane,LIVERPOOL.A4 your Grocer for sample packet ,••••••••••04.114,••••••4404.04140•4414o

THE POLYPHON. THIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL INSTRUNTENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork—thousands of 2' Tunes. You can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25. itt , A MIER di SONS, r‘43LORD-STREET, "4-424 fr LIVERPOOL.

fitoncp. Ll5O At from „ per cent. to be Advanced66o 3L -- on 9 Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to snit oorrowers, in any part of the country.—J.W. READER. 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5132. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to mak-e ADVANCIE3 PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Heuseholdere, on their own security. atONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. ONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO FAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enguls3r; on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAIcIBERS (foot of the Central station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. APPReations from RUNCORN e 3 District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of -05, 27, £l% -230, £BO and upwards. FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTNIENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS 0z.,, _Le r." a 0 TO • P5OO DAILY To ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life AsErtefstan Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/- per wk. £lO 5/- 11 £25 „ 12/6 £l5 „ 7/5 „ £3O „ 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will renalve prompt attention. wo fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8. Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUM AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BR MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. Tha undersigned has been established for nearly 30 Tears, and has always conducted BUSINESS under HIS OWN IS,AME. He has always endeavoured to acc, in a fair and liz‘ral„ Rhtforward manner, and has received MANY 4,;_uIiDREDS OF LEITERS of APPRECIATION and AzIANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUSES. terms for advances, or any infor ma- ' tion desired, will be supplied, PRIM OF CHARGE, on ap- plication either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 205 KENNEDY STREET, MANCIIESTEkt.

NO FEES ! ! NO CHARGES!! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY advance Money to respectable applicants (male or female) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY. PROMPTITUDE. EASY REPAYMENTS, MODERATE INTEREST. Easiness Hours ten to five; evenings seven to nine; Zeturdays ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLNASANT, LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JOS. DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

DRATJG9TS. "EXAMINER." JUNE 30TII, 1899. All communications including solutions to problems snd prohlems or Competition, must be addressed to the " Drauets Editor," " Examiner " Office, War- rington, end must nach the office not later than the first post on F lIDA.Y morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all encp-firies.] ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. W. Darlington, Peaketh much i obliged for problem. __— SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No. 38. EY Mn. H. POWELL, WARRINGTON. Black Men on 10, 17, 18, 22, 23, and 23; King on 16. White Men on 8, 21, 29, 33. and 31; Kings on 1,7, and 14. Black to move and win. 16-11 1— G 23-18 5 1 6 9 7-16 22-26 10— 6 14-10 17-13 28-32 6-10 18-14 29-25 9 6 14 7 17-23 6 1 6 9 1-5 32-2 d 10-15 23-17 25-21 6 1 21— 14 26-31 1— 5 10-14 5 9 23 —26 15-19 17-13 1— 5 1— 5 30-23 31-27 5 1 9 6 B wins 18-27 19-15 13— 9 5 1 31-24 27-23 1— 5 14-10 (a)cB-17 15-11 9 6 21-17 a) Now into what is known as Payne's let Position." use continuation is given for the benefit of those unfamiliar with it. --- PROBLEM. No. 39. BY MR. W. DARLINGTON. PENKETII. [BLACK]

'r so Oe z v 0 r r , 4, - A rzi * 12/,,„ r% 'rd y le /,

The enalfle small diagram will our readers to ' ''' • , ' ''''''"%rw ' '''' ...I' 1 ' r•rr understand the notation by Eir., 6 4:',4 149 8 6kwhichthe moves of the "frA W'* ',AV 15.4: 'A ,10,,,,,r, game are recorded. Black lA';.„,('`,4 10 ~,,'•• ,e//,iga , empies the squares num- , , , 4 , 4' , • frilr D1.'0,11r7 MI fr '''' IPA X-V bered 1 to 12 and white ' t'lrielhilr" a2l to 32. ~te ..'ef,.o 0.! fe:,95 those numbered ~ The figures thus (11-15) V 2,14,5 "" "..,"%IariIVSAAV indicate that a move is rov,v,rri-,,,,,,,eview,rin,,,•:vi made from and to the Lal, v'Zizal ,Z:Aid7Y.,' squares so numbered. Black /131-%33/': 2.7 ~,'. 28 has the opening move and •,,,,,, 4,„,', ! -,," •;',,`-:. the pairs of figures apply 30 ~,,,Ei1,,,,E1,4 alternately to Black and -'° '''' White to the close.

Apartnunto, & gurnisbeb ottses.

TID HYL.—A.PARTMEN'S.—Mrs. G. BIRCHALL. 11, Abbey- It street (late of Talk-o'-th'-Hill, Staffordshire). BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS Mrs. Wmat, Cambridge- crescent, 219, Warbreck-road North; sea view. LACKPOOL.—MILLHR'S, 17. Princess street, comfort- able lodgings ; sea view, near Foxhall Hotel.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. JACKSON, Ashleigh House, 57 Read's ; road, off Central Drive; public and private; bath piano.

BA.RMOUTH.—HOME COMFORTS:—Dsvms, Fenian 1./ House, facing sea and mountain view; charges moderate.

ST. ANNES-ON-SEek, APARTAIENTS.—Mas. DENTON, 6, Nelson-street, Bath and w. c. Terms Moderate. Public or Private.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTMHNTS : Mrs. RicE, 19 Trafalgar- road, near sea and Manchester Hotel ; piano ; terms moderate.

DOUGLAS.—Misses ATHERTON, Rookwood, 12, Derby square, two minutes from promenade, beds 2s ; full board 5s per day.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. WORTHINGTON, 107 Lytham-road. APARTMENTS, is per day each person,with or without boird, piano.

N WALBS. -Sitting and Two or Three Bedrooms ; 11 terms moderate.--Dirs. WILLIAMS. 2, Gwalia-tei race, Oak-street, Llangollen.

-- TgatcxpooL, Mrs. OwEN. Bewsey House. 85, Lord-street, AI North Shore. close to Station, Trains and Sea, (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington).

EXIMLLENT Private APARTMENTS in Farmhouse, near railway atation.—Apply Mrs. LUTHER, Newington Villa. Craven Arms, Shropshire.

ABERYSTWYTH, 2, Epworth-terrace; Llanbadarn-road.— Apartments to Let: sanitation perfect ; charges moderate.—Apply to Mn, MORGAN.

T LANDUDNO.—ComfortabtellApartments ; home from borne;LA good cooking; one minute from Pier.—Mrs. BRTJCKBHINV, Gully's House.

A BRRSTWYTH.—Mrs. OWEN, Avondale House. 13, Parade;ti board and residence ; also private Apartments, facing sea ; home comferts.

DLACKPOOL.—PubIic Apartments 2s. per night, 2 persoas ; 5 minutes from sea and station.-11 & 13, KESWICK-ROAD, CENTRAL DRIVE.

COLWYN BA.Y.---Comfortable Apartments, close to sea and station; terms moderate.—Mrs. &mum, Caldmore Villa, Llewellyn-road. Colwyn Bay.

I LANDUDNO.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS. LI board if required; bixhly recommended ; moderate terms.—Mrs. ROBERTS, Dot Hyfryd.

BLACKPOOL.—Cheerful APARTMENTS, near sea and North Parade. Good cooking and attendance.—Mrs. OLA.nx, Gordale House, Egerton-road.

TLF RAC 0 B IL—APARTMENTS beautifully sltuated(Bath h & c), close to Torn, Tunnel Beashes,auct Promenade.— Mrs, OWEN, Cottage Meads, Church Road.

BLACKPOO—Home from Home : APARTHICNTS, with L or without board. piano ; near Central Station.—xtre. TBANTER 20, Read's-road. late Palatine-road.

BLACKPOOL,—Comfortable APARTMRNTS, one minute from Centml Station ; terms moderate; piano,—Mrs. KIRK. 18, Horaby-road, Servant's Registry,

RHYL. Comfortable APARTMENTS (near sea), bath, good cycle sewn:iodation, terms moderate.—Addrtaa Mrs. PoPPLEwELL, Crewe House, Wellington-road.

BrAcKPOOL.—MRs. IBEADEN, late of Warrington. re- liable APARTMENTS ; moderate charges; near all entertaimpents. stations and sea.-8. ALFRED•STRRES.

T LANDIIDIIO.—Birs. Wm. Torus. Combermere. Deganwy: .1.1 street. Comfortable APARTMENTB ; tine mountain view, near Great Orme and pier-head. Terms moderate.

A BRRYSTWITH.-7'yssil Villa. North-road; comfortable 11 APARTMENTS ; 3 minutes from shore; splendid open mountain view and healthiest port of town.—Mrs. WILLIAMS

_ ID HYL.—Well-furnished apartments ajoining church ; near sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own grounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHICPSERD, elanmorfa.

BLACKPOOL.—Try MRS. GERMAN (from Oldham), 92, Central Drive, for comfortable APARTMISNTS (public or private), Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

BDROUGHTY FERRY, Forfarshire.—TO LET. Furnished ROUSE, 8, Newington Terrace, Esplanade; 2 public, 6 bedrooms, bath room; any petiod ; whole or part.—Miss Tiromsou. LAOKPOOL.—SmaII private comfortable Furnished _LP Rouse; two sitting, three bedrooms, Ave beds, bath; terms moderate.—Apply 61, WATSON-LANE, South Shore, Blackpool.

QHROPSHlNN.—Oolnfortable APARTAINNTS for families wishing to spend holidays in this beautiful county ; laege house, beautiful Iawn.—WARNER HOWIE, Newport, ;1. hi op. hire.

T AKB DISTRICT (Ullswater.)—Comfortable APART- -12 MBNTS. near the lake, beautiful view. Terms moder- ate.—Apply Mrs. MURRAY. Weetside, Glenridding, Patter- dale, Miswater.

j LANDUDNO.--Apartments ; three bedrooms, two sitting 14 rooms ; mountain view, near sea ; let separate or other- wise ; bath, piano, evety comfort. Terms moderate,—Mrs. BOYD, Dingle House, Queen's-road.

BLACKPOOL. Every Home Comfort and Accommodation At Mrs. YATES. 2. Lansdale-road. Lytham-road. Public and private. With or without Board, 1 minute form Bea. Piano, Bath. Strongly Recommended.

TSLB OF MAN.—TO BE LBT for Summer months Com- l. fortably Furnished Six-roomed COTTAGE adjoining Colbey Glen,short distance from Pert St Mary and Port Erin, good trout flshing:—Apply W. H. COSTAIN, Colby.

T LANFAIR TALHAIARN.—APARTIIIHNTS to be Let in I_l this delightful neighbourhood ; farmhouse ; excellent fishing ; near telegraph office; stabling. ,tc if necessary.— Mrs. PIERCE, Dolhalarn, Llanfair Talhaiarn. Abergele.

HYL—FULL BOARD and RBSIDBNCR; home comforts; sea view ; minute from Promenade ; 19s 64 weekly ; re- duction for two ; comfortable Apartments for families ; good cooking, attendance, and moderate terms,—Mrs. HIBBITS. 22, Rdward Henry-street.

EGGS (PRIZE STRAINS) Rooks, Orpington. Silver Wyandotte'. Minorcas, Mondani, buff and white Leg- horns, 3s. p.m. doz. Buff and Partidge Cochin". buff Orpi ng- tons, light Brahma., and Indian Game 3s. 6d. ; Mammoth Turkey's, Sd each, Incubators £1 10a. Rearers from 7s. 6d. Grit Smashers 3s. each. J. G. PowNsa.r., Barrow Hall-lane, Sankey, Warrington.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL tlo FIVB EX &MI NER,i. WANTEDS. TO BE LETS I_B WORDS, 6D , ON SALES, ) And 3d for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Oa. 6d. ... is. 3d. 2s. (Xi. 27 Os. 9d. is. 104. 38. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. 55. Od. 54 is. 64. ... 3s. 8d 61. Od. Advertisers of Situations Wanted ,Situations Vacant.Apirt- meats Wanted. Apartments to be Let. Partnerships Wanted, Money Wanted. Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract, Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Prewnises to be Let or Sold, have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CEIEAP RITE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO L.v.T HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINBTTILS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOIL BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES H A R F.:O Pr 5, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOL.•

Rntles Lip Vrtbate Ertatp.

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, ri 9 a Oa, 61, o, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, SPECIAL LOT. OOD Eecond Hand Gents' Safety BICYCLE; nearly new; will sell cheap ; improved diamond frame 24 inches, wheels 28 inches in front Payments taken and back ; tangent spokes, rat trap pedals, narrow tread, gear 661, tool bag, spanner,oll can and pump; weight 281 o; must be sold. Owner giving up riding, will carry man 16 R 7 15 stone. s.

GENTS' 18 Carat Gold English Lever Hunting WATCH in Payments taken heavy eases. By that noted maker S. Harris and Sons, London and Manchester. With all latest improve- ments. Very cheap. 216 I.os.

fillNTh' Gold English Lever W A. in heavy 18 carat-gold Payments taken c4ses. By that noted maker J. Hargreaves and Co., Liverpool. Splendid timekeeper. £l5 10s.

V ERY Heavy Solid 18 Carat Gold Payments taken V ALBERT and SEAL ; stamped £ll 10s. on every link. Cheap

rIENTS' H,avy 18 Carat Gold Payments taken J CURB CHAIN and SBAL ; I stamped on every link. lery cheap. Eli 7s, 6D.

A LARGII STOCK OF Men's, Payments taken 11_ Youths' and Boys' CLOTH- ING. Men's Suits from Youths' Suits from Boys' Suits from 2B. 6d. Men's Coats from Youths 'Coats from Boys' Coats from Vests from

ARGB STOCK of Men's New .1,4 Tweed Trousers from 3s lid ; Dark Cord Trousers 3s lid; Light Payments taken Cord Trousers 4s 6d ; Mole Trousers from 3s lid; Boys' Cord Knickers from is ; Men's Boys' and Youths' Boots of every sort in stock.

1 &ROB STOCK of Carpets, I_4l Hearth Rugs, Chairs, Tables, Fenders, Fire Irons,Betle,Bedsteads, &c, very cheap.

COB, quiet ; good worker ; Brass Harness, Hawking Cart chaap ; good DONKBY £1 10s.-3. BURTON, 349, Old- ham-road. Manchester.

A LOVELY BET of Baby's LONGCLOTHIIB. beautifully LI embroidered; unused ;50 articles 25s ; approval.—Mrs. MAx. The Chase. ottingham.

66 EPrORNO " the successful Corn Cure, genuine remedy LS. guarantee with every box ; post free 7d.—KEzx Co., 41, Holland-street, Brixton, London.

'DRENCH and AMBRICArf RUBBBR Co.--Post free, a 28 1 page illustrated price Hat, alse valuable information.— Address ATICINSoN. 56, Hill-street, Middlesborough.

JJLHLIAB, 500 Varieties, best, true, cheap. Catalogues free. Purchasers naming this paper receive Extras.— DEVON CERYSNATHEMUM NURSERY, TeignißOUth.

DRAT-ALL POLISH RBVIVIIR makes furniture and I/ leather goods like new; sample 7 stamps; goyd Agents Wanted. BQuOUTON'OI, Limited, Thetford.

SPLUDID SUITINGS in Bargee, Vicunas, Tweeds from be, also Dress Goods and Costumes; any length out, patterns free.-4 Tilowrozi, Honley, Huddersfield. rpo Lady Cyclists.-12.000 pair " Specialite " Corduroy 1- Serge and Tweed Cycling KNICKERS, all colours 2s II post free.—GLAcerroxz, 45, Mardol. Shrewsbury.

1- AMES Silver warranted wsacit 355, with free lave.- 1-4 inc. Policy £5OO ; delivered first payment 51, balance weekly.—FßED KNIGHT and Co, LTD, 13. Albion-at, Leeds. TWO useful CART HORSIIS can be seen working ; also coal,cart box Carta 42 inch wheel Lurry and strong Float suit farmer ; cheap ; giving up.—DUGHonE, 13, Liverpool-st.. Oldfield-road, Saliord.

Z.IIPHOMINA (Registered), a sure remedy far Loss of Vital Force, Indizestion, etc. Sent post free with In- structions, for ls by the Proprietors, J. F. JARDIXR and Sox, Albion-street, Huddersfield, THE PRACTICAL HORSE-BRRAYBR Ord edition) I training colts, handling vicious horses, Writs to hors* buyers, points of a horse, etc., post free is. 6d.—X BRUCE, Cardean Stables. bleigle. N.B.

T AWES EARN 15e. to 30s. weekly at home by new Auto- _Ll meths Compound KNITTER. Pair of Socks in 35 minutes. Cash, hire and work ternts.—Coftm DEPARTMENT. 67, Couthwark-etreet. London.

CLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGR.S.—Why pay 121 three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.--Sactra & Soars, 37, Brock- road, Liverpeol.

DlLlCS.—Prompt relief and safe, certain. painless, speedy L and lasting cure guaranteed; worst cases successfully treated ; full particulars for stamped addressed Envelope.— Mr. A. BETTE/W.OMM 59, High-street, Bridlington, Q END STAMP for our illustrated Price List if RUBBIIR 0 SURGICAL APPLIANCEd. beat and cheapest in the trade: goods not approved of will be exchanged.—M. FAR- Liami (Box 61), 160, Hackney-road, London. N.B.

UCHATIVE HMPLOYMENT.—Spare time. How to _l.l obtain a good Serge Dress for Sixpence. Coupon. system. Send stamped address for full particulars.—W. FOWLER. 56, Grove Green-road, Leytonstone. Essex.

rrIC AND NIOTRALDIA CURED instantly, by TIFFICO J. PILLS. Fifty 3ears success ; hundreds of testimonials. Fample box sent free to iinmediate applicants enclosing stamp for postage.—Tiicc Co.. Sleaford. Lines.

44 HOW TO ENSURB HBALTH."—A nieslical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale tiquare, Barnsbury, London, N.

12INGEtt, NAILS TOII NAILS ATTIINTION 1! 1 A 12 pretty silver-plated and pearl Nail-Trituraer and Clipper, surprises everybody, wonderful invention ; Is, 64, #34OII.—NOTELTIES CompAsy, 41, Caversharn-road, London, N.W.

CHURCH Turret and Stable CLOCKS.also—projacting drum Clocks for dEposal cheap; reliable timekeepers ;materials and workmanship unequalled; part payment can remain 12 months as gnarantee.—SAlNSßUSY, BRos., Clock Manufac- urers, Walt hamstow.

A STROLOGY, FUTURH FORETOLD, marriage partner ti described, children, changes in circumstances, journeys legacies, etc. Send birth date. 12 stamps and statnped envelope.—Mr. MELviLLE. 282 Buchanan-street, Glasgow. Immediate replies.

MARRIED LADIES.—Dr. Balfour's Every Wife and Mothers' Book, containing information of the ntrnt,et importance to the sex; don't fail to send ; all should read It post free 2 stamps.—CENTRAL DISPENSARY. 173, Klugeland road, London, N. A HEALTHY complexion regained. The 'blood purified 11 and enriched by ELIXIR FEHRATI. Invaluable for Anxnala, the best general tonic ; 2s. 9d. post frse.—SMFE, Pharmaceutical Chemist, 73, tethnal-road, Stoke, Newing- ton, London, N.

QUPEEFLUOUS HAIR•-jPeifected Electrolysis (by Mr. k 3 Parkes' Inventions) supersedes all other systems In rapidity, painlessness, and permanent destrurtien with out markings. By appointment only. Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT, J. PARSES, 2, Church-street, Southport.

910 B SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manxre Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.:—Address J. Hoex.ING, 16, Fenwick-street, 1 iverpool. 11111ROTROT)toUR GARDRNS from ravages by birds: 1_ Tanned NETTING. 35 square yards for Is ; will Hot rot if left out in all weat her ; sent any width, carriage paid on all orders over 58 ;as supplied to the Royal G. rdens Commoner Netting at 50 square yards, la.—From H. J. (4686 N Netting Works, Rye. Sussex.

BW INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT, WITHOUT I MANTLES. Billing's Non-Mantle Burner. 5s 61 com- plete, postage 1. Last for years Pure white, constant brilliant light, no trouble, no renewals. Great saving in gas. Fixed easily to any fittings. Illustrated Catalogue post free. Agents wanted. Show Rooms, 180. Wardour-street, London W. BILLING'S Burner Syndicate (Limited.)

UNDERGROUND SPRINGS of water discovered and traced at home and abroad ; scores of successes where all ordinary means had previously failed. Unsatisfactory existing supplies tested and advised on. Do not sink or bore, at random. Highest testirnonia,s from LEICI,9TkI: GATAKER, expert Water Discoverer and Waterworks Csntractor, Bath.

gialts hp Vrate Zrratp. STATIONERY GRATIS. —Envelopss, Notepayer.Postcarct, etc. Send 2d —UNIVERSAL STATIONERY Co.. Tenbys HOW to Obtain El Daily ; no occupation. genuine. stamp repIy.—BILLINGS, SpeAalist, Prinkham .lidenbridge.

A LCOVE Grease Proof Hygienic Sandwich WRAPPERS lA_ delight everybody, post tree Is 21d per box,—Fßisci BARTON, Blackburn.

_ CIAPITAL. Seeking Sound Investments, consult the COM_ AfERCIAL EXCHANGE, Moorgate StaLirm Chambers, Lon- don, E.C.

AT ILK DANDY to be Sold, complete; rubber tyres nearly new.—Apply T. 809111, Bank Quay Dairy, Warring- ton. BRETLES !! ! Hardy's Powder, publicaly recommended in " Bazaar " (June 10) for dc.stroyhig these disgusting pests, le.—J. HARDY, 14, Percy-street, Hull.

QALT MERCHANTS, Marine Store Dealers supplied in any 1,1 part by Rail or Canal with Sand, Blues, Brands, Clays Beth Brick, Ac.—Apply EDWIN HILL, Cannel-street,Anzoats, Manchester.

‘‘ WAELTI HEALTH SALT."—Sent 30 in stamps and we will send you post free to sample a 4d tin of this first•class article.—WAELTl AND CO., 33, 2disley-street, Newcastle-on Tyne.

El 5 10s. MAGN 1.1,10 t,NT rlit,U with ctie.;ic action. iron frame, full trichord and all latest improvements, carriage free, photo sent, W. HOWLETT, Market Place. Norwich.

SPRCIAL OF FRR —MOOLFIROO, finest Anstrailian Bur- gundy, price 20s doz. To introduce this wine, offered for short time 15a case bottles, carriage includel.—HiWlCE3- BURY WINE Co.. Srmll-street, Bristol.

MR MARVELLOUS BARGAINS.—Gent's SILVE WATCH 12s. Lady's Ditto, same price, never worn, warranted money returned after month's trial if not satisfactory,— CLARE, 66, Chester-road, South Tottenhaat, London.

DOUGHTON LOVYCK AND CO., 46, Pall Mall, London. Every description of Turf Business Transacted, Lowest prices. No commission. Best of Terms on application.

PURE COD LIVER OIL, direct from the Manufacturer. Warranted pure. In bottles. containing pint and half, 2R, carriage paid. Special quotations for large qaantities.— R. Co',BRIDGE, Fish docks, Grimsby. Established 1884.

WORRIED MOTHERS.—Dr. BsHour's Every Wife and Mother's BOOK,containing information of the utmost importance to the sex, don't fail to send ; all shonld read it, post free 2 stamps.—CENTRIL DISPENSARY. 174, Kingsland- road, London, N.

SBASIDR.—Send at once for list of Premier Patent Week- End Folding Boxes, to hold all your luggage. Prices from ls. each, complete with leather strap. A marvel of chlapness. Agents wanted in every town.—PmExtEn Box Co , LTD., Hulme, Manchester.

COMBINED Oil Stove, Quick Cooker, and Fire Lighter; saves chips. time, and trouble, and will last for months. A boon to all workers and early riders ; sent post free for 7 stamps, or with case for carrying to work, 12 stamps.— FIRE LIGHTER Co.. 23, Brunswick-street, Liverpool.

AWHRK'S Notrd and Residence at Pwliheli with coach- ing trips covering a hundred miles through the most romantic districts of wild Wales, may be had this summer for twa guineas. The Town Clerk ot Pwllheli. a holiday re- sort en Cardigan Bay, is interested in the arrangements and will send full particulars to applicants.

READ THlS.—Specisl offer of high grade SILVER ENGLISH LEVERS; compensated balance; Brequet spring ; correct timekeepers 45s ; warranted 5 years ; usual price 5 guineas. To advertise watches 4 real gold Front Studs given to cach purchaser.—WOOLSET, Manufacturer, 44. Middlegate-street, Great Yarmouth.

filarbiurn, EXCILLBNT Crossley GAS lINGINB, complete, almost new, alterations cause saIe.—GLEAVE, Umbrella Manafaaturer, High-street, Bollingtert, Macclesfield.

pATINT OFFICR MANCHESTER, BEITABLISIIISD IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha. 4 more than 4C years' personal experienoe in Connection with this Establish. neat, and possess praetioalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Law., price Is. EtHORGIC DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

lIPEOVRD 51n centre by ift gap bed, Screw-cutting 1_ Treadle LATHB, double-geared. Atted with latest im- provements, amongst which are hollow spindle, ball thrust, tallstock to set over for taper turning, compound slide rest kraduated for eanical turning, T rest, face plate, index plate, fell set of 22 change wheelcatid necessary spanners. 61n by Sf Gap Bed. Self-acting, Sliding, Surfacing. and Screw-cutting Treadle Lathe, treble-geared ; self-acting in all cuts ; hollow spindle, ball thrust, tailstock set ever for taper turning, com- pound slide rest graduated for conical turning, T rest, two fage plates, catch plate, index plate, set if 22 change wheels. and necessary spanners. Also three pairs Kimberley Pattern J.iners' Floor Cramps.—Apply Jam( HILL, 17, Back Goree, Liverpool.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT. p ITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCFIESTER. Jest past Station Thiengh Railway Arch. ASTOUNDING BARGAINS. DISPERSAL IMPERATIVE. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE is too well 1 and too favourably known to need mach comment, but for the benefit of the few uninitiated—if there be any—Pitts's paint out that this Sale presents an exceptional opportunity to those wise enough to avail themselves et it to secure THOROUGHLY RELIABLE FURNISHINGS at lees than HALF EXPENSIVE CITY PRICES. PITTS'S Stocktaking Sale is held simply and purely to clear out ABSOLUTELY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT, everything possible, in order to facilitate stocktaking, and at the same time to spread still further PITTb'S RENOWN as the Largest, Best, and Cheapest General Furnishers. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE, HOUSES of FURNITURE at 15i. 22,i, HI. 38i. 50, 75, 100, up te 1.000 guineas specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of articles during the Sale are undoubtedly the VERY BEST VALUE OBTAINABLE. Full particulars, together with NEW ILLUSTRATED FITRNIiMING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, and showing HOW TO SAVE ONE-HALF, sent post free. Cash Prices only (meted. Deferred payments arranged suiting convenience. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE —DINING-ROOM SUITES (second-hand) Serviceable Suite, in Leather, substantial heavy chairs, cost £l3, for £5 ; another suite, similar, £5 10s, worth double ; excelleat Suite. in Smyrna saddle bags, Oriental bl-nded colours, massive heavy frames, soot £l6, for £5 10s ; substantial solid oak Suite, luxuriously re-upholstered in best skins, padded backs, small chairs, highest quality, design, and workmanship, cost £25, for £l3 ; magnificent solid walnut Suite, in rich Oriental saddle bags, with velvet borders, divan. couch, and elegant easy sad small chairs, cost £3O. 10! £l3; massive spoon back Suite, very flee heavy frames. in real skins, cost £35, for £l5 , grand solid oak Suite, frames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved, very uncommon design, cost £4O, for £l7 ; another similar, in walnut, £lB. Two hundred to select from. Dicing Tables, Dinner Waggons, Sideboards eta. pITTS'S STOCKTA.K ENG SAL E.—DRAWIN G- ROOM SUITES (second-band) —Nice Suites, covered In serviceable tapestry, equal to new, cost £IU, for £4 108 ; another, in frieze plush, £5; eleellent Suite, in stamped velvet, cost £lO, for £5 51 ; chokes Suite, beautifully re- upholstered, in fine Genoa velvet, cost EN, for £7 10s ; artistic Chippendale Suite, Oriental covering. cost £l2, to; it 108; inlaid raahogaay Suite, covered in silk, cost £l5, for £9: Chippendale Suite, expensive choice silk covering, cost £2O, Ter £lO 10e ; ekqnisite inlaid rosewood Suite, of choice character, latest design, beautifully covered in silk tapestry, cost £25. for £l4 ; elegant Louis XV Suite. In dark Chippen- dale mahogany, beautifully covered, cost £35, for £l9. Over a hundred Suites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each. Cabinets, Overmantiee, etc. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.— E EDROOM FURNITURE (second-hand) —Handsome pair of stands, dressing chest has bevelled awing glass, washstand with marble slab, pedestal and rail attached, and two chairs, cost £6. for £3 151; convenient Suite, containing all requisite articles, very aiee design, cost £lO, for £7; handsome bed- room Suite, in ri h blaeklwalnut,hand-carved throughout,full sized wardrobe, large bevelled plate, large stand and table, pedestal. rail, and chairs, cost £l6, for £9, elegant bedroom Suite, landscape pattern, carved panda and bevelled plates, eost £lB. for £lO ; tasteiul Suite, in walnut, finely designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors everything complete, large siz-d stands and tables. pedestal, rail, chairs. cost £3O, for £l5; magnificent Suite of full number of articles, all large, of beet workmanship, and design, cost £4O, for £lB ; another similar, cost £53, for £24. A hundred ethers, up to £9O each, must be promptly cleared out. PITIS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—BEDSTEADS and BEDDlNG.—Largest aid Best Selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap Hues. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—CARPET A and _L FLOOR COVERINGS--All British makes, choicest designs, many of which cxclusive.exquisitely blended colour- ings. Laid mid fitted free of charge. PT S'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETIIU, alailcarts. Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent selection. Astounding value. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—OFFICE and 1 LIBRARY •FURNIT URE.—Bvery description of Book- cases, Secretaires. Desks, Stool., Chairs, Sates, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices. AM CEL PITTS, Established 1845, 1 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Lengeight, and Belle Vue Ca.a pass the door.

eturatton.

MR. WALTER AINSCOUGiI (TENOR VOCALIST) VOICE PRODUCTION AND SINGING, VISITS WARRINGTON EVERY WEDNESDAY, FOR TERMS ETC. APPLY 58, LE4H-ST. WARRINGTON.

I_l ISS FLORENCE TOFT, (Pupil of Professor Weidenhach of the Leipzig Conservatorium), receives and visits pupils for PIANOFOR. LE LESSONS. Recom- mended by H. STENDNER-WELSING. Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY: and otbers.—Address, 16, MUSEUM-ST., Warrington.

MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VICT., (Organist *nd Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. aud THEORY of MUSIC, Etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils preparel for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warringtoll.

-VON SALE. CHIP AND FISH BUSINESS ; best stand in 12 Todmorden,—Apply 80, BURNLEY-ROAD, Todmorden. F you want a BRERHOUSE or OFF LICENSE, call on. /iicnor.as, 34, Barnton Arcade; Deansgate, Manches- ter.

T)USINBSSES.—Parsons wanting to Buy or Sell Businesses are advised to consult GLA.&B & Co., 41, Corporation - street, Manchester.

BABY LINEN and FANCY DRAP/CRY BUSINESS. Stock, fixtures and goodwill at valuation.—Apply WIL- LIAM HICKMAN, Lyme-street, Warrington.

(-I ENERAL DRAPERY BUSINESS for SALE,High-street, k X Gosport, Hants. Double fronted premises ; rental on lease £5O ; trade averages 21,000 per year ; stock about £450: —AYLEN, Commercial Road, Landport.

rillO BUILDERS and CONTILACTORS.—Tbe old-established _L Builders and Contractors' Business Premises, with machinery complete; also large business of jobbing con- nection, situate 104, Boughton, Chester.—Mrs. S. BARKER, 6, Beaconsfield-street. Chester.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 202 5 LONDON ROAD. LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED FOR THE WAREHOUSINU AND DISPOSAL OF FURNITURE OR ANY OTHER KIND OF PROPERTY. Tel. No: 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturdays 6 p.m). A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE AND HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, CONSISTING CHIEFLY OF GENUINE SECOND-HAND ARTICLES Consigned for sa'e by private clients, most of which are of the very best quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing and, repute, and now offered for sal eat most moderate prices EXTREME LOWNESS of PRICE having always been THE SPECIAL FEATURE of our business. Being also auctioneers we have unrivalled opportunities for sect-ring bargains, and are thus in a position to give our customers, EXCEPTIONAL ADVANTAGES, Not obtainable elsewhere. WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and inspect our Stock, even if you do not happen to intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pestered to buy, as in other places ; but people of commonsense will find in the high quality and low price of our geode two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visi; will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS.-NETT CASH ON OR BEFORE DELIVERY. If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free of charge for any length of time up to six months on payment at a reasonable deposit. LIXCEPTIONALLY FINE UPRIGHT GRAND, in inlaid rosewood case, by one of the oldest-established Con- tinental makers. This instrument was specially selected for a pupil by a leading local musician because of its magnificent tone and exquisite touch, and is now consigned to us for sale through the owner's ill-health. Cost £62 (trade price) in Febretary last ; now offered for £3B nett eash.-Hartley's. IRON-FRAME COTTAGE PIANO by Allardyce, London, having all modern improvements. and'enclosed in walnut ease, with inlaid panel front- Price £l7 105 ; oost 36 guineas less than 12 months ago. No 3667, AMERICAN ORGAN of sweet and powerful tone,lwith 10 stops, couplers,' and knee-swells, enclosed in solid walnut case, highly carved and having high back, with oval mirror inset ; Makets the Needham Organ Co. Price £lO lOs ; cost £2O 101-Hartley's. No, 4796. MAGNIFICENT DINING-11003f SUITE, nine pieces with fumed oak frames of remarkably good finish and design, hair stuffed, and covered In dark green plush, Price 16 guineas ; cost £34-Hartley's. NO. 4162. MAHcaor,Get N frames.YD I Ncolvi-intißiOno !deal SUITE,sEs 0 haly 2lihlgghly Hartley's, 202. London-road. No. 5034. DINING.ROOM SUITE, with heavy brawn oak frames, upholstered in saddlebags ef extra fine quality and grand pattern, £8 12s 61 ; a very cheap suite. No. 5021. NVALNUT SIDEBOARD, of extremely high-elass style and finish. oak-lined inside, and fitted with copper handles and hinges. £ll les.-Hartiera. No. 3824. FT. SIDEBOARD in solid walnut, with open centre and mirror back. £9 ; cost £l7. AFT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD, with starved panels and sit mirror-panelled canopy back, £5 10s. Another one, £4 Its 6d.-Martley's, 202, London-road. f_tFT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD of neat design, with lofty V and massive mirror-panelled back, £l4 12s 6d, No. 4799.-Hartley's, 202, Londoa-road. OFT. BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, with bow front, of superior style and finish, £lB 104 ; Goat £3O. No. 3992. -Hartley's, 202, London-road. HALL STAND in black oak, decorated all over with finely-exeented carvings in full relief, and flitted with drawer, large cupboard. and .bevelled mirror panel. Cost £25; price now £lO. No. 4779. T ouis XVI. DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, consisting of 1,4 settee, four easy and four single chairs, hair stuffed.and covered in choice silk tapestry, with plush borders. Price £24 101 ; cost 40 guineas. No. 4904, Also the DRAWING-ROOH:CABIWET to match, finely carved. and of grand design. Price £l7 ; cost £32 105. No. 49.,5. Overmantel to match, £6 103.-Hartley s. DRAWING- ROOM SUITE, fashionable design, with carved walnut frames, upholstered in silk tapestry, £l2 10. ; cost 20 guineas recently. Also the TARAWING-ROOM CABINET to acoorci, having mirror pencil d back with dome c...nopy ; £7 17s 6d. Over- mantle en suite ; £3 lOs.-Hartley's, 262, London-road. DRAWING.ROOM CABINET in dark rosewood. well made and of elegant design. £8 151 ; cost 14 guinea.. No. 4815.- Hartlee's. 212, Lsndon-road. DitAWING-ROOM CABINET, in Spanish Mahogany, richly inlaid. £l3 lOs. No. 2412. DAWING ROOM S ' ITE of full complement, walnut frames upholstered in Genoa velvet. 8 guineas. Nu. 4754-Hartley's, 232, London-road. CHIPPENDALE DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, mahogany frames, the seats covered in tapestry. £8 lOs ; cost £l2 105 a few weeks ago.-Hartley's, 202, London-rd.. MAHOGANY DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most ap- proved style, upholstered in silk tapestry. £l2 ; cost alsolit £2O. No. 1172,-Hartley'e, 202, London-rd. WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, goad frames, pad- ded backs, upholstered in fancy Genoa velvet, £9 171 6d. No. 4771.-Hartley's, 202, London.rd. VVALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITS, with elaborately carved frames, upholstered in green velvet, with floral panels. Price 10 guineas. No. 4052. [,..tAFT. MAHOGANY DINING TABLES, £35.. sft. Brown V Oak Dining Table, £2 151. Both solid and of reliable make.-Hartley's, 20Z, London-rd. Q Ft. 61n. BEDROOM SUITE, all complete, in dark walnut, £3 17s 6d. Another in satin walnut (new), £7 15-s. 4FT. BEDROOM SUITE in satin walnut, extremely well finished and of attractive design ; £l3 10s. No. 3846. A 4ft. Sulte;in dark walnut, £lO 10.. No. 4401, BEACONSFIELD BEDROOM SUITE in solid walnut; stylish in appeaeance, and ef very good workmanship. £l5 IN.-Hartley, 202, London-road. No. 4717. IASHIONABLE BEDROOM SUI rit solid walnut, com- prising double-door wardrobe, with three drawers at the bottom ; dressing chest. with side wings ; enclosed wash. stand with large glass at the back ; and the usual smaller items. A very fine suite altogether. Price £l7 105 ; cost over £30.-Hartley's. London-road. No. 4364. QATINWOOD BEDROOM SUITE of excellent workman- -13 ship and very pretty design. £l6. No. 4908. MAGNIFICENT BEDROOM SUITE in Italian walnut, designed and made specially to order by :one of the best Scottish firms, and exhibiting the highest degree of excellence in every detail. It comprises 6ft. 6 in. trio ward- robe, splendidly fitted inside ; pedestal dressing table, semi- enclosed washstand, towel rail, . pedestal, and three! chairs ; forming altogether a suite fit for a mansion. The original cost was £9O. Price now £5O. TO SELLERS.-We are open to buy anything whatever 'or Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) ; or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (if 'required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently executed. Estimates free. Correspondence invited, HARTLEY'S, 209 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

4,a1e5 up iturtion.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONE FM, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. V 4 ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, ito., warehoused.

BAYLISS THOMAS AND CO.. LIMITED 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. OUR LOWEST NETT PRICES. £l4 14s. OD. £ll O. OD. £9 105. OD. WHY PURCHASE from dealers of a doubtful repu- tation when you can buy from a firm with a reputation second to no other home in the trade? Our machines at the above price cannot be sur- passed.

I' F 1 r g YRES. TYRES. YRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d. each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

WHY BUY UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR £lO 10S. AND SAVE THE COST OF AN ACCIDENT POLICY. HITCHINGS, LIMIrED, SOLE AGENTS, 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. MAO LENNAN, Manager.

GREAT CLEARANCE CYCLE SALE. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES TO SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES. Call and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. Agents for OSMOND, SINGER, RALEIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS, ASCOT, SANSPAREIL, CLEVELA.NDS, GROSVENORS, RAMBLERS, LEANDERS, CAMPIONS, and HARDIE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BEING OFFERED. HARDIE, 161 BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DELIGHTFUL CYCLING- CAN ONLY BE OBTAINED BY RIDING PERFECT CYCLES. ROYAL OAK CYCLES ARE PERFECTION AND MAKE CYCLING A PLEASURE, Light, strong, swift, and superbly finished. Our Popular at £lO 10s. is a marvel. „ Special at £l2 12s. is unexcelled. ',Our Special Free Wheel at £l4 14s. with pedal brake is a luxury. A Free Trial allowed. Every machine made on our own premises and fully guaranteed. HODSON AND CO.. 160, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

EG, cl'iNoAnß.GbAeLNisraßllpLaPuldlllall:lßa CYsCoLrißes; syle7idit 201.7; 119. George-street. Altrineham.

1 ADIRS New High Grade SAFETY. Pnuematic Tyre' ; li first Birmingham make; only £5 10a ; seat to any address.—Miss LINE, 75, Mawson-street. Manchester.:

MENTOR CYCLES.—Mentor Cycles from £3 Bs. with Warwick Tyres, guaranteed 12 months. Send for list. Money returned if not approved.—MENTOß CYCLE Co. N rthumberlan d-road, CoYentry,

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. Intending purchasers of cycles should call and see the ex- cellent quality of our Goods. We do not boast when he say that for the price we charge our Cycles are far superior in quality and finish than the goods offered by our rivals. We are offering our B.S.A. or Eadie CYCLES. with Palmer Tyres, and half inch pitch chain, for 11:) 10S. We are also for this week offering a special line in Austin!, fitted with Palmer Tyres, at £lO 10s, and have reduced the Special Austin from £l6 16s to £l4 14s. For exquisite finish beauty of design, and wonderful exactness in workmanship and detail these machines are unapproachable. Call and see the Goods before you purchase elsewhere. We are always pleased to show you what we have, and we treat you with the same courtesy whether yen purchase or not. SPECIAL CHEAP LINE, complete, Lamp Bell, ko, £8 103. MANAGER. D. DALGLEISII.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! CYCLES! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. TICE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL oF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS. INCLUDING : Royal Enield, Rudge-Whitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beoston and Coventry Humbers, Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley Ac., Lc, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Easy terms of payment, from 10s. per mouth. Secondhand MaeAtines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILLIANI LEA, " LIVEU " CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OP'FER EVER PLACED BRPORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, as requires. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guarante,4 to be finished in first-class style by clnapetent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOT If PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump. &c., complete, TEN POUNDS- -7 12 8 6D . Our No. 2 CYCLE, Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Gradual Payments Accepted. SQTUART, WILLIAMS' AND CO., 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. HSTAB. 1892. Plating, Enamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attntion.

fIYCLES, guaranteed two years. Built to Order, any elze. £7 Os Qd NETT. URAMES, enamelled and including Handle-bar and Seat 1 Pillar. £3 3s Od, WHEELS (good hubs and tangent spokes), 18s per pair. rryßEs.—Quick Detachment—without inner Tubes and _L Valves Complete. 38s PER PAIR. Agents Wanted, WHITE STAR CYCLE FRAME & WHEEL CO. 101, TITHEBARN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE -STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Pottls, Ppbrool iciarl3tita OtotabO. T LANDUDNO.—" SEAFORTH" BOADING ESTABLISHLI MENT, NEVILLE CRESCENT; Centre of Bay; Tariff from 6s. per day.

COLINYN BAY.—" Hsane from Home" Boarding Estabr lishment, near sea and wo4ds. Terms very moderats• —Mrs. BRACKSTONE, Plas-y-Coed.

T LANDUDNO.—Facing the sea, Brig-y-Don Bording" .1.1 house; Gloddaetn-creseent. Beautiful position. For terms apply to Mr. MORRIS BASNETT.

ILFRACOMBE—THE GRANVILLB. First class Bo.sai)- ING-HOUSE. Close to Sea.—Comfort. sociability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER ISfE OF MAN, CHAL3fER'S York Rouse, Castle Terrace. Central Promenade, Douglas. Charmingly situated fan- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board bs• 6d. and 6s. 6d. per day ; no extras.

TAOUGLAS.—FORT ANNB HOTEL.—Overlooking the Bay and Piers. Finest position in the island ;70 bei- rooms, private sitting-rooms; billiards; good cuisine ; tering from 7s 6d per day ; porter meets boats.—GEOHGE ATiarrsolgr Proprietor.

PWELHELL—First-class Boarding Acoommodation at Eryri Boarding House, South Beach, from 3Cs weekly' or with 100 miles coaching from 50s ; boating. cycling, bath- ing, lovely walks, etc., golf.—Write for particulars &c.c.s, GEREBS, Bryn, Pwllheli.

• OLIDAYS.—Most Charming RESIDENCE near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled, Re-furnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 10s. per week.—EDWARD CE2ARI. Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Cc i Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDEI HYDRO. Physician : Dr. BARNADO. tiusumer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier. and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish. Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTA.URAET IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT,

MERRY AND BREEZY BLACKPOOL. FOR EARLY OR LATE BREAKFAST, LUNCHEON, DINNER, TEA, OR SUPPER, CALL AT PARKER'S RESTUARANT, WHERE YOU WILL OBTAIN THE BEST AND CHEAPEST. LARGE OR SMALL PARTIES CATERED FOR. PARKER'S RESTUARANT, 22, CHURCH-STREET, BLACKPOOL.

T E "EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE A CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES THE IVarrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner pub- Bathed Saturday morning. The district covered by tbe Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashtotto Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Fridst, afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire cos+ field. TIIE St. Helens Examiner and Treseot Weekly Ne-. 11. published Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises tM 'entre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Kirlir dom. Ac. rirllE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn. ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. ririlE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn. 1 ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becomiall an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal. Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other PueliC Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted in all the above papers at one charge. "THE EXAMINER" SERIES. THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINERS THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER, AND PRESCOT WEEKLY NEWS." THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND HAYDOCK REPORTER." THE" RUNCORN EXAMINER.' AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER." Each ot the above papers consists of 8 pages, 56 long ss/ wide columns,each column admitting more matter than Os columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the attett' tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner addition to giving the local intelligence of the district, which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper ONE PENNY. “E T' X A MINER WORKS, BEWSEY STREE WARRINGTON. EN VE LO P E S FROM 4.) GS. PER 11000.. PRINTING, SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS Oa Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, kz' Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of State:. Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for ConCero Soirees, Balls. Ac. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, s Co-operative Societies • Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets Is, Boeks,Note Headings,3lemorandurns,Work Notes. Bill tie4' Business Visiting and Mourning Cards, Handtihs, Act. er. Solicitors, MerchAnts, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and oth • equiring Printing of any description are requested to eye rial.

COOPER ciND CO'S COOLING DRINK'S FOR WARM. WEATHER. FRUIT SYRUPS. Per Bottle. GINGER LEMON ORANGE RASPBERRY S:c 7d. and lid. LIME JUICE . 50. and Sid. LIME JUICE CORDIAL 5;l-d. and Sol. LEMON SQUASH-- ...... 70. and Bd. „ in decanters, each 6d. and Md. LOCAL BRANCH, 4, BUTTERMA.RKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. pIANos By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. pIANOS Prices and Terms to suit all pockets. _- ORGANS Instruments delivered FREE to any part on receipt of firat month's instalment. pIANOS /So Bondsmen or Securities required. _- ORGANS PIANOS from 108. 6d, per month. ORGANS trom ss. per month. pIANOS Illustrated Calalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. lintrzca : 355, PARLIAMENTARY-ROAD, GLASGOW.

/.. ...43?!.,-*;,,,,:%.,,,t%•405.,.4.' ~,,'W,r;',4`.•/%/: ...(1 ~.-,,',;:',, ..,,-'. 'L. ~,,.-(..,...,:f.:%.;„,4,c, ,;?*,.4.:2,...,;:,•?,,:',:,-,/,4,5".-1(1, I.____::--- • : . • '''',!.-1.. 'l. 2 ' :!4'ef,', t-•••'-'"'I'"i'l'' "' ' ' .". ' 1' ' 0 I ''..:iel.;': e. 7 479, WI , , 'fa , I,l;:lik4llL'',., (iil 65 11, 141' .. 61''j4 '..i,l.f'. O*l l',11:':!;',•:, 1,. L u.) ::',ll 40, - :1;1' ',„ -i.:. 4"0i11!..:,,,,,,,iip, tii,!!;!;.,',!: ;L, ra r§).!'' • tit' 4'; ' „I!, • r 114 i) i . , ~. 5?fle1111111.11141141 irC 'il akt ITAiI,. i:l11 Ail I 'l''',:t. PZIVPI6,r; WW WU V.:P.: . l '4;‘it . SVL 1 T;TM••*</‘44,1 .14 104 i )I"e'. .7:',",1''..;., ~ Y ~,i,, ,A •'..;;"." ~,,;,,,. '4.': . L'" IT t, ‹., rf. ' " ,-....i.11 4, ~-,.2..,56 ...4...,,,,,,,,,w:f.4,..,:i..i..); ill ge.. , it v.,..,.\, irct,4., 4 : p „.t1 ti. -e, ! -, Lk ill V.a9 ev !Al.! ~ , ~, . ... • it, %.,,. - ti:;:cti:.. N„ 4-;4:lli'lliliiil4‘ -.414i1g2=A. ',..l•:•j•lii,:ili;', ' ,i 3 ~..T.:•'"iir i',:ziy,f.r.: -/'.7,,''-:, •••ioi:iliii . `4,-`' - 14";'' ,A10!"•11:" • "47 .A4:.'i; ) ''. :". '1 -.l4'4i'vSs'4.'-,sq4'll.r-',,5-. '474'.4,7,11,31 4„,. Vi-. 1.044) 11 i i-iti:/A j•ti `,:.`;',i:n Is' . t-;'..,, - L'••••.-',"'4:,,,Z.ii,4«ii `2Al...i.'''''''' 'll ".7 ':;'?''./ 1 A A 1? I i' ~, , '''' ..;:a 2011 WI lg. 4.4p4 '4,,,...1:15.1,1•%7;A1i!: OW ' ' 44:' ::',NlYijj 1 .'"liiii i:`.:',,i!!!;;I : : • ' ! iI y! •5::',..': t)!4?. I, ,:::':•1::: 7,,, ,- if.i .., •t.! i 1 io: ,;•'•:,. • iiPiliOrt •••-• WA iikiltl.,„, 8,- K,,. ::, : ! , Ill; ;,,,,,... 1 1111/,-4.9 la P W.ii Fk'a gi M. M.:;:;':-1, .•:: '.- ,111ii;111;H:si L 1567 .4....... 11 r, gi! 11;i, l tvl,-1 ~,~,,~ . ati:7.7l:-V i PIP' ;. Ilk ' [ll ..A4g,' •::.,, 1,,,,,, 1 , ,„„,...1.,„, 'o,;•i.. '.. - 7 , 1,,-;e--;,.........,..„....,,,.........- it r .::::tAXCIt4::-.,•-••••,-,,,•-••••-e-.,..., 4.2; . ' i I', , . -,-_;z:;..1.1--._•-• '-..itt.v.f.-r:::.:::::::::::=,:: 1 ,ii:' ':X•k.,,,V r..iii."------- ,r.,,,,_-_-_,- -- ---- ----,,fr k... 4 i i• 1; kli il.r., -- --:'-------------11,4t,iq ,II cIfIFIANT i!,.t "0, 'vs • Nol, _....... )THE vlPUEttl'i (1)1 .•! i ~.....,, !. ( I:Itill f•ir\l, I .%,, G),l fil;:r‘ 1 11111 !;•jilli rf;\ 1,,f.,. in 'i c .•:,1},,, ,11 4•!:....;:: ~.., i ,• .4 e ~ •'-.•.;1 - 4...'.1 • -1-L...'t., • \.'d:4l' '' 'firilli ...) :! ~,,v , • , '''''''' -:,•;',i+;;i ~r.Ntrait- ilii*;:i';:.:,;,-.•f-,, :. ... ~'fjlp!X ~.1..,•.:V3,ta--,--„F;i::I,:,,N-.:1, liVIII: - 7 4. P d,''tti!4"ifg ~..... : lii '."9. .!:,';'l,-ill'llii' , ~..,,,,,_,„_'_'-.7%,;:u ...., ' ' ;7'..`; ~ (I,l•Zfi'-'74-..-_,_„-211.11' -...4 ir-11(illi '‘.l : I iiip; 4,1; E' 1 Til. r ,f 7,11 :1•el , , ~.„ , 1... .11.;.4,411,1,-..„:,-;,., i,.,. .. ...•...: .lJ 1ii1,,„1 21 ,_161;?) ij !,, 1 '.",it:7':' li '',',:::::•,',.. .. f.-:;',:l ~,-;,..7.,.--„ 1. •,.., ~ :•,,.;;;,., . . .1-'1;:i:i;T-r, . . - . ~,,,,--,, teb, •t - ..kb•-4-..-__4,oifalf •••••'-`'. *-.;.:;]•-•,•;;.J,11,!fli:Ultilk.Tgi; i113.1-14;ilr' Ci;::.,),',V,,, i Lill.; ! !...1.:,:r,..-.••• )4LL''' ''''". -"' ' ' '.'"' •.',*;:.::d11111111111-;''-',.; • ' - 'l,','!''' ‘,',`,,17-,.„•;.,v:/...1 i,",...;,4,:. ~.•„,,„. , ~. •. ~,E,,,, 1, sdi 1,, , 1,1:r • ~ 0, • • ',1i.,, I,' ;:re.':•':., ' ;••('');l!ii, !,,,:tik...):.4J:, ' al .r v; ,•i,,, ' It 1111 .:!•:•'!, ~ ,114iloit— . .; • , iii )1 II 1'; '••• • Pi!1'1,,It1;!•: 44 Ei:;,,o. ' ''' ,iii'lliiiiiii"!:.:.,:',, 1 :::.::ii ,1 „;i:,),"•,-.•.''' .... ~,, .... ': , ceN"lii 4- 011; .7tr,,,,,,,,,,..., , . ~.;.$4. I: 1;:::Cii 1111111 I .7• :•••:'-',l 11141IYINIL:, ..11.:•; ,"1::•.:'4 '.'•,l'il! i ' ''.' '''''' ,' ..?:',.'', ' W -''N, 1111110jr•rbt4";;., • .14 '''.ll;i . '' ; . 1 4 ogle— fil, t'.; A ',-;,,,, 0 ~,,' ?iti .• .4,,, Aii 4(4 , -IN, ,•,. P Y we, ii :"'..1.-:•ltna -,-?:. ll' i'..."' 1,1-01 . ,: --t. '4 .., , :Ali i ii '1,•;,•:•,,4, •;-;"4.•;!, t,.0,4 ‘li'''',%. Otiii:Ill ,:,,N,,;,,`"*.., •-•,.'" ', '',41:4 ; ,r• ';;;*:,",", ~;', ": ' 11.•:.1.' lAT 11 -','.'' ' s - 11 .':* ":- "..1 ic.`;;•:-:::6. .1 t . ~i, 0 ~* m , ,t; —1- :::,..,- ,frf-- 1 1 inS 135-S-b* jlif id;'• 7:', ~L''''',e'''' V-1 Olt 'll i: ' '. • 1—: .• it. 4 lisirtiMi*?:7,':, ~.1:r r ,y; i'f, , ' 4: 1, N ' . "ii ,•.0),. .:"'1.,:.5;:: •,, ~. ~;,1 ,1, 4.. ,i V.A. ; ''' ' l'• . :II a.. • ..• - :....-.1 , •, - i 1 ,•,,.,'' :,. '' ' ' -1, , -.; • : • ! •• 40 '4,: • , N: •k• . • , ~,,, 111 Is:,T- . • i•-•'' 01111!:;:2§.• •',0,,, - ~'•i*.'et.rr••.l t -1":14:14'," • •:' .' ,''' isi Fiz',)llllli.i. •• :-... • 110111111 ARE oN IT: El 1.,11.4t,;),.. rudo :. 1 h„: .kiLPT ON NO PRETaI.i 111 r 11Liji,;.,;.;...... n''.!!..lllllfEßANlTlNWHlralliit!il [PL; ..' ' rtin. fIpiIIIvi::::fiTHESEDISTINGTIVE.H'd 111 /04 pi 1 (DOUBLE SUPEEtI VI: 11DA iii. '1 ~ ?„,:::„ , Rh ij I.' ifiIENANEOFIREDESTQ C,., lituL ; ... . , :::

REYNOLDS'S NEWSPAPER, NOW PERMANENTLY ENLARGED AND THE BEST WEEKLY NEWSPAPER. CIRCULATED BY MILLIONS. ONE PtC.NNY WEEK6Y. REYNOLDS'S NEWSPAPER IS THE LARGEST, CHEAPEST, AND BEST. Political Motto : '4 Government of the People, by the People, for the People." GENERAL FEATURES : In REYNOLDS'S NEWSPAPER the Political Leade,%. deal exhaustively with all matters affecting the Interew of the People, and theylare written by Eminent Men. In REYNOLDS,S NEWSPAPER you find the able't articles on Home and Foreign Politics, Mona-chy, perialism and Republicanism. In REYNOLDS S NEWSPAPER are spacial TelegrOP,,, and Cablegrams from Corie3pondents in all parts , the world. R EYNOLDS'S PEERAGE. By Our Own Burke, Appearing Weekly. A COMPLETE STORY Appears Each Week. WOMEN—THEM WAYS AND DOINGS, Being a Column Devoted to the Interests c't Women. p AYING EMPLOYMENTS FOR WOMEN'. By MISS FLORENCE STACPOOLE. SPAPER It NC°onlatainnsS'theSLatNestEPNAVßt NEVIS. R EYNOLDS'S NEWSPAPER stCr Contains the Latest CRICICET and SPORM• Inteliigenee. L ABOUR AND WAGES. ° A Column Devoted Each Weck to the Interes of Workers. ONEY-MONGEEING. A Column Devoted Each Week to the Were' i; of INVESTORS, who can have ADVICE FES OF CHARGE. p ORTRAITS OF CELEBRITIES OF THE DIY A DISTINCT FEATURE. v./FAD ANSWERS are given to Correspondents, and ADVICE, WITHOUT CHARGE, is also A. COLUMN is devoted to those wishing to ascertsiog: Whereabouts of their Missing Frlend3 or at lations ; in this column adverisementa f,rl.lT Friends and Relations are inserted WlTklu CHARGE. Th.,101 THE p:lce of REYNOLDS'S NEWSPAPER is One '• Weekly. Quarterly subscription, is. Bd, riv, free ; Halt-yearly, 3d. poet free ; Year 6s. eld., post free. All London: Jour( DICKS, 313, Strand ; or of Booksellers. Bookstalls, and Nnwsazents.

DR. BE. ROO'S COMPOUND RENAL PILLS ,13 Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most sefe„4o. speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel, Luaw' Gout, Rheunivaism, Weakness across the Loins, Sanciffoo other Deposits. Stone In the Bladder, Dlscbargeell. Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs geoe"-oicl9 Many complaints, supposed obe nerrous ott,ii arise 'odd from contamination of the blood with certain imPuerf which should have been carried off by the kidneys. ords. package bears the Government stamp, wi.h the ‘;deroit. " WALTER DE BOOS. LONDON." thereon, by 0, too Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. IP,etor9o 2s, 9.1., at all Medicine Houses, or post frets from ProPO Hoitord House, Holford-square, London, TEE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. JUNE. FROM WARRINGTON „Acton Bridge-7 10, 740, 8 28, 10 20, 11 35, 125 , 2 55. 5 tu,.211 lb. Sundays 10.15 a.m. 3ar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sunlays 936 2 05. a Stops if regimen. B• irmingham (L N.-W.) a 2 53. 63 23, 710. 9,50 120, °2O. 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, aSiondays excepted. .'days only 6 griningham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, Ii 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 'll 52. Sundays 515 p.m Alackburn -529,545, 835. 955, 11 50, 1 65, 4 50, 6 28, ° 90. Sundays 843, 6 0. tack 79001-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 53,12 Z 5,1 55,3 50,4 50, ,17, 8 50.9 40. Sundays 8 43. 335 6 0. 843°1t0n--5 45, 8 25,9 19,10 40,12 14.12 25, 3 32. Sundays r, 4.111-'5 15.8 28, p.m. aiaturday excepted. Ba,arlisle-2 37 a m,5 29,5 45.9 56 11 53. 12 25,1 55, 6 28. Sua- rl, 2 37, 3 36, 'heater-7 10, 828, 9 50, 10,20 a 2 58, 25, 7,20 11,34 12,0 mundays 2 58, 10 15, 4. 5 aMondays excvted. e Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 23, 10 10, 12 7, 2 35,3 40, 5 15, 13.7 9, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, -6 0. 6 ge„we-a2 58, 53 23, 7 10, 9 30, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 23.11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5,11 35.a2l ()ad ay s • Mondays only. 8 uaretbury-7 37, 9 5, 1225. 220. 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 744, 10 14 trays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. 0 bY (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 65, 4 7 55..11 52. Sundays 515 p.m ariestoan-5 45, 7 5,8 6,8 25.925, 10 13,10 20,11,0 12 7 12, 5. 2,35 3 40 3,50 5,15 5,20 6,33, 7 8.7 40,9 25, 9,68 10,30 Vin4Ya, 7 40 8 35,3 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. s „,,,daler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25. 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 tu 520, 6 17, Bb, 948. Sundays 8 43, 2 45. 80. 7.; roasham-7 37. 9 5 10 23. 12 25. 2 20, 3 15, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 • .1014. SundayslB.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Ir4lloll (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 9 0. 9215' 40. 75.8 0. '59 40. dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 5• 5, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. ys excepted. 37, 529, 9 56, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, 50. Sun- YR 2 a 7, a.m. 9 ttit°ll,orne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 55,3 60, 5 20, 7 17, 95: Sundays 8 43. 60. 4 (I)l6'!gn Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 120, 18, 215, 80, 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Iriam and Caclishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15, 4a, daYB 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 935. 'Atchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90, ; 10 49, 12 36, 114. 338. 4 11,5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45, 2,7. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. ▪ "Pool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, a 5 32. 75.8 5, 8 35, nll 0, 12 7, 12 25, 5.15 5 20, 78, 740, 1030. Sundays 510, 630, 835. 843, 3 28. 5 10. 60. 9 54. From High -.Val Platform. aMondays excepted. ,Liverpool (From Low Level riatform)-7 38, 815. 10 9 44 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 20,6 17,8 0, 948. Sandays 8 43, 2 40, 750 ,Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, j 4 09 1 3. 1 8,2 15, 3 37. 4 0. 5 65. 7 5, 8 0, 59 a4U ,10 25 11 15 *1,39 sundays 90, 9 55, 1125,2 39. 7 10, 9 18 10 18,10 4,3 4Saturdays only. bexcept Saturdays. London kL. &N. W.)-2 686, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5 20, 622, 11 34. undays 258, 10 15, 45, 11 35,6310uda,ys kleePted. aMondays only. London (Midiaad)-5 5, 8 46, 9 58, 12 65, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Bea._ 11 35 a.m., 5 15 p.m. 20. 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14.2 43 4 11, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 aSaturdays only 1 f°l4nchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30, 8 57,9 55, 10 46, I 44.2 38 3 35, 4 9,6 10, 7 5,9 25,11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, ‘,..4°. Pram High Level Platform. 7 .I,),nauchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 8 20 27'4•14 0. 8 35, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14. 2 43.3 38. 4 11.6 13. 7 8, 9 a.'nndays 8 60, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. 10.1,411ehester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92.9 55 71;0 11 6, 11 23,11 65,12 55, 1 55, 2 55. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55. 655 -3 7 55. 813, 855, 9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 58, 9 37,10 14 • 15,5 15, 7 18,8 65 9 25 10 0. -^lcidlewich-7 40, 102). 2 556, 5 355,7 20.6 Saturdays only aairure.--7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 914eWton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 40 9 20, .10 So, SundaysB 43, a.m.6 0,9 54. a 55411.--7 0, 755, 8 2,8 40,10 28, 11,6 12 0 12 20,1 44,2 40 10,8 12.9 15. Sundays 8 56,10 14, 3 47, 5 15,9 35 45„ o'esr,ton-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 50, 1225,1 65, 3 50 60 L2B: 717, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37, IS 43, 335 R 91. cSaturdays onLy 1141corn-7 33,8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55, 320, 5 20. 6 17 80. 2 in• key (for Penketh)--7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5,12 0 1 8 8,9. 58, 40,5 29, 60, 75, 8 0, 9 25, 39 40, 610 25, Sat 90, 11 25. 2 39, 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted uraays only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Jbeffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line , St -?,46, 10 55, 12 55, 165, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 15, ' IsHeiell 8_632 75, 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0,11 55, 12 7, 2 363 40.5 20,6 33,7 8, Saturosys only 7 40,9 25,10 30. -ei„11 835,8 43,6 0, 9 54 a guL„llPort (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 056 6 0,7 9,9 25, Sundays 94 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur sls only. Pelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,2 35,9 0,9 68,10 49,1236,1 14,2 43, 0. 4 11, 518. 613. 78.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. 9aturdays only. From Arpley Station. 2 %Viit .-nes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 10 5, 11 6, 12 0, 18, 5 .1. 2 58, 40 529, 60,7 5, 80, 9 25, a 9 40, 610 25. Sun- -90, 9 36. 2 39' 18 aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays a Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, _ 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 55 s 3, 3 60, 4 50, 5 20. 6 28, 7 17,8 50, 9 43,9 6. Sunday, 2 37 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM s Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 112, 12 0, 3 25, 4 45, 720, 411 days 75 442. Al tear and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18. 8 £9, 957. Sundays 21, an, kairraingham (L. Ss N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 5 50, 720, 9 10, 12 2 • 0, 550 7 25.16undays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. alirmingham (Midland)-6 5, 742. 850. 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 6 50. 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. bllx- "*„' Mondays. 1 Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 347, 5 27,750 Sundays, 80, "I, 5 40, 8 10. lackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8,8 5,8 45. 9 57, 10 35. 11 40, 3 15, 4,27 ,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 135 12, 7 35 114,cliatk0001 (Central) -65. 725,7 55, 8 25. 8 55, 10 10, 10 2 1 Inl 5.2 5,2 55,4 i 0,4 58, 55, 6 50, 815, 108 Sundays 7 10 • 4 57,8 40. r, -5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40, 10 25. 12 30, 2 15,4 15, 5 ' 10., 15. 8 35 10 50. Sundays 8 29 a.m., 6 5, 9 25 p.m.aSatur- Y, oniy, 'rlllle-al2 5. 6 40, 8 30, 9 50, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, tan. thindays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays -.NPted, Cne 460 ~ter-2 17, 6 50,8 45,10 10, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, ec; ° 5.3 30, 11 5. Sundays 2 17, 9 35, 7 55, 11 5, 14311 in, Green-6 39, 79, 842, 10 24,7,15 11 24. 12,38 18, 10,5,80, " 1 3 10, 4 6 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sundays Ica.ra 41Vre-2 1. 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 21 35, 4 Inm „0 45 640, 8 5 90. Sundays 21, 455. 7 10, 245 a 20 1, 4 55, ' :sunry-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays D e, 1:-ea• .745 Pm. 10, 812, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 33,5. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 655, 6 35. alixeept Asti" cla ?steam-6 68, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 23, 11 25, 8. 1 12, 1 47, 4 13. 3 11, 3 14. 5 15, 5 42. 5 52, 6 30, Pi• 418 9 10, 9 20, 12 0. Sundays 8 33. 9 52, 10 0, 3 45. 7 24. 91er'5,Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1224, 29, 327, Proa:LB 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 12, 2 57, 82. '411341;""8-110-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231,411,536.657,831 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. 1,0, 12 1 (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 60, 10 40, 10 60 56, 2 11, 36, 4 55, 59. 5 56, 657, 124 930 46.3:8 823, 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 651, 854. '31,---a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 5, ,a3lon -°471-14.3.-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, a linurZundays 940,75. 419, rl,„Gireen-7 45, 815, 99, 10 3 1055. 1.17 1 50, 2.22 , Q 5.9 4 523, 6 7.7 11,7 36, 918. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3.26 1t4,111 10, °9slaft.„. mad Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 z ~Latg: 10 69. 6 63, 8 40. 10 0. u,4 ~-,•ord-8 14, 840, 934, 10 2. 11 17, 120. al 45, 213 33 b 5 41, 67, 649, 7 49, 96, 9, 42.1127. Sunday, 823 1 ,7 , aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 'f.s Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 65,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 U 7 a 7,21. 6 40, 4 25, 4 50,1: 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, 4rte9 20. 6 30,8 40 ailondays only. I"idure_s 207 10, 7 40. 8 33. 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 53 Istn;.d,, 55. 2 35., 4 40, 4 50,5 36, 635 75, 80 40, 11 0 a •ak -13 excepted Sundays 8 (), 9 0 2 30. 2 50, 420.630 2,1'141d0 N W)-10 0, 12 0, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 15, L 5, 530 Sundays 100. 120, 0., 5 30, 100, 10 12.. 120 n'lon (Midland)-5 15, 90 10 5,12 0, 0 0, 5 ,a 9 15, „ I,,',,lSllll:ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. :',l4'"Z`nl-8 .832, 925 9 54, 11 9, 111 al 37, 25, 2 50. 11'5 33, 5 :9.6 41 741.81 58 9 33, 11 19: Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 14'4 aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. ,ochester (L & N.-W.)- 7 28. 7 55: 928, 10 33, 12 38. 43,a5 8,523, 6 8, 7 10, 9 0, 10 53. Sundays.,? 341 44,6 ,34 I,llNitys excepted. From Oxford Road. 2, C.'pehester (London-road)-7 25, 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35. % 40, 55 5, 5 20, 65, 7 5, 820 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2.0 °3O biaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. 361• 110011 ester (Cheshire Linos)--3 45, 7 20, 8 33, a 9 5, 930 10 35, 11 30, 1230.12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 30, 4 30,4 448 8%6 38,7 30, 8 35, 8 31. 9 n 5. 1) 0, alt,) 30, 11 0. Sun tntda .9 10, 9 25 9 30, 1,;40. 1 .3.C.12 0 ,a 5, .35, 820, 9 40, „kideil!'.onl . 1.,,530n -Wick? 6 . 2 42.6 648 ' • a 66,9 8, 11 14,12 14,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 53 111'40 51;-6 47. 7 25. 842 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, I 55. 4 5, 49 6277 pi 8 0, 9 10, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 etiradirudays 8 3). 9 18, 9 57, 4cla Itte 7 48,8 26 90106 1 9. 2 10, 3 12, 518 7 3,9 19. Yt 8 12,scato„ ,e 3. 11 20,)2 32.9 12, 1013. 4 5,5 50,a6 25, 8 15. 95, 9 3010, 10,11 28, 12 15 I,* 5,87,99. 425,5 38, 6 40,16 46,7 27,8 30, 9 46, 11 0. Sundays 91.,19•111 95. 30, 6 10, 10 47. 2 36. aMondays excepted. fru 39 919 10 15, 12 30, 1 25. 3 2, 440 5 41, "0. 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 53. 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10: 20. 11 24,12 36, 1 36, a• 46 k„.,"lßeth' 7„. 9 28. 11 a", hale -0 26, 11 5, 1 55, 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. 1 2545-620,655, 8 8,8 28,9 15, 105, 10 25, 11,12 B,62,sttit, 2 9 _ 400. rt t, 85, 10 10,11 15,12 53,2 10, 2 60, 3 55, 70, 8 10, 45. 430, 5 50, 8 2), Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. .sundays, 9 0. 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. 7-8 10, 8 36, 9 30. 9 68, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 645, 7 45, 937, 1123. Sundays, 819, 2 29 1 k ICI4 , 4,Z9, 2 14(Cheehire Lines -8 20, 9 15, 10 10, IL 12, 12 25 0. 84121 25. 4 25, 5 29, ,12, .7 16, 7 53, 9 25 11. 42, aSun azo icines 3• 3, 50, 9 10, 9 20. a Saturdays only N-W)-7 5. 8 66, 9 33 10 33, 12 16, 12 59, 2 2, e. 0. 5 5 646 9 , 11 6, Sundays 8 14, 2 50,? 54

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts W•st of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Heiens, Southport, and S ili Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfiela,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.--If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MExtosac HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 64 per bottle.—Advt• CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . Established upwards of 33 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or cant for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Conaties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt FLOR/LINE I—roa THE TEETH AND BRELTEL—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevtnts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilins "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. The Royal Laundresses say Critehley's *• STARCE GLOSS ' is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—M, wife will not finish our linen without your Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch. Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It diould be used in every house. Sold at 14., 3d. and 64 by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- cure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

is 7 'Jr kW rilfloU l 0-fi a i Failure? "Yis ; " " Ne" 'Pis a failure if you're not rightly mated ; if, for instance, you marry shrew, or a scold ; but if you secure, as Traddles would say, " the very:dearesc girl," and she is worth her salt, then you are a man to be envied. With such a wife, failure is impossible You may not nr.ke a pile, but you will pile lap what is far bttter—joy and gladness—beyond all telling. But you must bear in mind just one thing that to pre- vent Marriage being- a failure, you must, for your- self and wife, secure gcod heath, and this is to be done by taking Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, which for the cure of Indigestion, Wind in the Stomach, Liver Complaints, Biliousness, Spasms, Sick Head- ache, &c., are world-famed. Have you time to read this letter from one of the Officials at the Foreign Office, Calcutta, Mr. M. Belleby ? He says " Our Lady friend who tried your Wind Pills speaks very highly of the benefits she has derived from their use." He re commends the Wind Pills should be large'y adver- tised in India. All sufferers from Indigestion, Wind in the Stomach, Liver Complaints, Biliousness, Spasm!, Sick Headache, &ie., may have perfect confidence in Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. Being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, they may be taken with perfect safety by the most delicate of either sex. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medi- cine Vendors at is. 1 1. and 2s. 9d. ; post free for price from Page Woodcock, :Lincoln.

_ AEI A SAYE:PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE for Srofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, "it is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medictl skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimonials Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9dp.er bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.— t. (3) SYM I NGTO/N IS EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers.

17(11,13:!:iiv Vete?. d4P Ct 7 "2-mrioPe----- 9 .q,. i ' • t.. -v.:. ik,/ ~. . , 4 ,/,'--- -i',,, If:--viwn--,.., •Yf i!)./ :....-1 W u '....°L--/:•, .11 ~-,4 $ 1-„,-/ .51'I - CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC N RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 11.4. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

"C ID'S 72 rNtj TOOTHACHE AND • NEURALGIA CURE. "MIS In bottles, Is. ltd., of all Chemists or Post Free from Manufacturer, , Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S., R.U.S. '• • London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

These tiny Capsules relieve 7 • • • Ridney and Bladder trouble TA IrontEtly. T are They _ superior to' C. aia curel un bfeortsyo-reignhjtehourctions; a 3. • . the same diseases without 114, • inconves ence. Each Capsule dy.' Sold - by arsll tChetnnTsnit: oirilipiost free 3,6. • • - from VELCOX C, CO., 83,Mortimer St.,London,W.

REPAIRS. BANDSMEN OF WARRINGTON AND pis Triter do not have your Instruments IF spoiled by unskilful hands, but send direct to the MAEERS where they will have prompt and -•-- i tzi careful attention. • ;Psi: r i k BESSON & CO., LTD., I !,- Repairing Branch: I ' 37,CHERTHAM HILL-ROAD, MANCHESTER. ,T LONDoN OFFICE :198, EUSTON-ROAD•

-!---, . 5 :.4 * " 64'• I, f, , * ••, •.': '.•:.4 ~,,, , 4 (:. '35c.4': :4.4 - • ... I - , d lit' , . ~ . • t'''. .% •. • •; ';'. fl!' '.• ..' ' ' .4 ':., • • 1, 1 .Th 4, i. A FOR Trl-3[lo SIKIN. INVALUABLE DURING THE HEAT AND DUST OF SUMMER. It cools and refreshes the face and hands, removes Sunburn, Tan, Freckles, Redness, Roughness, heals Irritation and Eruptions, imparts a luxuriant beauty to the complexion, and arrays the neck, face and arms in matchless whiteness, unobtainable by any other means: Bottles, 2S. 3d. and 4s. 6d. ......--.... ROWLAND'S MACASSAR Oft prevents the hair falling off or becoming dry in hot weather, cures baldness, eradicates scurf; also in golden colour for fair and golden hair: Sizes, 35. 6d., 75., los. 6d. ROWLAND'S ODONTO imparts a pearl-like whiteness to, the teeth, eradicates decay, and preserves the teeth. Sold by Stores, Chemists, Hair- 'dressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London.

TO LADIES. A LITTLE BOOK just published by _ Dr. ALLEN, entitled " HEALTH, WEALTH, AND HAPPINESS, 'how obtained and preserved, is of PRICELESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED AND SINGLE WOMAN, as it deals with matters that cannot possibly be too widely known. It explains fully how ALL AILMENTS, such as ANEMIA, AMENORRHCEA, IRREGU- LARITIES, &c., &c„ CAN BE PREVENTED AND CURED ; and if tke advice therein con- tained Is followed, years of happiness may be obtained by every Woman in place of the far too common terrible wretchedness and misery re- sulting more from want of knowledge than want of thought. A Copy of this Book will be presented GRATIS AND POST FRE4 during the next few weeks to every Lady on receipt of an addressed envelope to THE MANAGERESS, DEPARTMENT 8., 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, S.W.

41:ttlie)1 Z.' Per Cent.. OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPID LIVER OR WEAK KIDNEYS. WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the lt v]E 4cielieves and Removes tho Inflammation from the INTIE 1t.7" S by expelling the poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACID. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Basis on its Reputation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISELSE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG Iv":.„wouonuged;wrriaiasnichmaxonoarndost swollen, niseihatiewrihme you press yonr finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im nression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. j Perhaps your knees are swollen, the oints being uleerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have ettended various hospitals and had medical advice, awl seen told your ease is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CUBE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2e. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FABRINGDoN-NTRIDET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILTs which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs House- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poimel Hands, Bunions. (Registered Copyright.)

. H -L.• ow/ y •rt • CAICZ tilious and Nervous Disorders) SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH; &c. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY TEL INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufacture only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor

TENTS ! GOVERNMENT BELL TENTS ! Originally 1 cost £6: offered at 255; each ; r selected at 335. each 451 t ENTscircumference 10ft high Have only been used a short time by H. M. Govern- ment; suitable fo r Camping oat, Gardens Cricket grounds Tennis Lawns. ac. Complete with pole, peg, lines, mallet ana tent bag. Two supplied to Buckingham Palace. Apply ANDREW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire. Catdegues and Estimates free on application.

men who are weak aua tired of taking Nauseous and MYS- -IERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Physician in con- fidence,and full particulars will be sent FREE as to how all cares of NERVOUS EXHAUS- TION, LOSS OF VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can be SUC- CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Send Stamped aadressed envelope to THE COLLINS CO., Erskine-street. Liverpool.

INothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain like a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. 82

- The "QUADRANT" Patent CHAINLESS BICYCLE with cross-roller gear. 1899 Model is acknowledged to be the great masterpiece a modern cycle construction. WRITE :OR PRICE LIST. maers—Tha QUADRANT CYCLE Co. Ltd. BIRMINGHAM.

TOW i. rPe r 1 N AL'i 11).`411.1 Ell 111,:?,:et Li Lk 101,0,& STEFt.,4‘4,Utlilli 4, - .•' • ' -. 4 . ..A... ..,_ , 4., Y,. --. i, • POR','*".*- M'.0%*4176,1%?.7 t-,i4;';',..i..-- •:',91.'. I QUICEILY CORIZZOT ALL musouLmumrss, imisovm ALL OBsTrxeriONs, and relieve the distressing symptoms sr prevalent with the sec. 13oxes,//li &30 (contains three tinaes the qnantity), of all Chemists. Sent anyu-b, to on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE 4; Go., Martuf acturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Dewar, cl Intitaitans, injurious and worthiest.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

~,N.,-,. .. . . . . 4 i * e d-. CrorYLCadLissEa! 1 ii ..,,..),K'''4,,-... ,d'i. 1/-A\lll/ Gentleruon are • -....-,..,, L'. "::•";-,,, :,.'• (--------- ',.:-. the verg best and ' y ) most up-to-data. \ iPiA\.\\•„,''' N1•72/,,,,„*„-ii, Ca -la raid- POST '-1-• -4.), r" tg.h Discount. li, ~,.....,- '_ •,„„,;. ~.,. ,:,,,,- ..1.0 wJeutcrtfoorNlo;.e.wii,stionnl.,Clisist cl'il. ' jiluic.,:coLethlyziy.e. L 1) 10 17/6 do. and Acceauorics, oent l'ost Free. cl 2 32 n, do. Piccadilly Circus, London. W. MO 0 la s Monthly Metropolitan Illistehlnlats' Co., Ltd., ,:4 14 ..,*4 k; do. 75. Lishoiagate St., Without. ILO., Lin,'4'3 do. . ype Wit rers. ka vs. 1.5.0 Iffenthly. ...--T Cl 2 0 20, do.

THE FAMOUS L. ANDY. TAWNY LAKE OBACC). SWEETEST AND COOLEST SMOKE ON EARTH ZN loz. AND 2oz. FOIL 3 4cl PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK, 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

NOTES ON GAMES AD ATHLETICS. CRICKET. The Warrington representatives at Arpley were doubly' at home on Saturday—both elevens were without en engagement—so an interesting game was arranged: the first eleven were pitted against the next sixteen. What- ever latent talent there may be amongst the junior members the opportunity was presented of displaying the same, and the result will be that certain members will be given a trial when vacancies occur in the first team. The highest scorer was B. Silcock with 26 runs arid his display was cnly what one expected from his batting last season. It fell to the lot of Dr. Smith to lower hie peg. The batting of both A. Duckworth and E. Pier point was clean, though the former was got out some- what easily. To the credit of tht latter it must be said his dismis•al was the result of a brilli int catch in the long field. Steadiness characterised the batting of R. Crompton and J. Thompson, the latter, we may add, making the second top score for his team. The last five wickets all fell fJr unassumine " ducks," the fast de- liveries of Connor and the wily slows from Podmore proving equally fatal to their hopes and their batting. R. Pierpoint and G. Clarke commenced the essay for the seniors. The first-named fell an early victim to J. Thompson being bowled off his pads. T. Knowles joined Clarke, and despite the number of fielders the batsmen contrived to place the ball safely, runs coming merrily. Changes were frequent in the attack, and it was not until the score had reached 55, before elawtin, who relieved E Pierpoint got Knowles caught at mid-on for a capital 28. With the assistance of E. C. E. Kendle the score was taken to 91, when the last comer's wicket was taken. J. W. Bibby and Dr. Smith were quite off form, but E. Connor stayed with Clarke until the close,the latter carrying out his bat for a splendidly played 59,in which some hard hitting had been done. E. Connor's score of 15 (not out) represented as many min- utes' play. A feature of the play was Kendle's wicket- keeping,which was exceedingly smart. the result of the game was an easy win for the first eleven by 46 runs for five wickets. --- Walker played a very useful game for the Cheshire Lines Engineers on Saturday when they defeated St. Elphin's on their own ground. His batting totalled 32 rurs. Robinson for 16, and John Genders for 11, also rendered able assistance. But for Norman's steady batting the Saints would have been in a much werse --- ' The Cheshire Lines Engineers 2nd eleven were some 30;runs.to the good on their game with Glazebrook on the ground of the latter. The Sankey Wire Mills eleven administered a decided defeat on Widnes White Rose. Hill was prominent in the batting for the latter. Evans and Clarke for tbe Wiremen batted in fine style for their respective scores. Simpson and Kenwright also howled well, the former taking five wickets at a cost of 17 runs and the latter four for 14. -- nSt. Ann's just managed to beat the Friars' green and Brick-street B.S. eleven. Jone s batted well far the latter, and Armitage, sent., and Dutton—who made 15 and 10 respectively—for the latter. ----- The Workingmen's Mission Second Eleven had the best of a game with Fairfield, defeating the latter by 11. runs. For Fairfield Steel made 21 in good style, and Fielding 16. Woolley for the visitors, credited himself with 13. At Runcorn, on Saturday, the Runcorn Juniors met St. Michael's on the ground of the former, the result going to the Juniors by 26 rune. For the latter J. Jolley' was prominent with good batting, compiling 27. Rowleil made a creditable display for St. Mienael'e. Jolley wa9 also in good form with the ball. The Workingmen's Miss- ion accounted for Arpley on Saturday, the former compiling 41. runs, and the latter replying with 17. Harding's 9 for the Mission was the highest score during the game. The result of the game between St. Paul's and Rylands Bros' stiff was a win for the latter. Mason and Bate played well for the Saints and raven and Sanders were prominent among the winners. Elevens from the Warrington and Witton Grammar Sohools met on Saturday the result being in favour of the locals. H. Molyneux batted well for Witton,who found Hesketh'i bowling destructive. J E Bryant and Pier- point made the top scores for the winners.

THE GREAT REMEDY. OIL A lIN 111- iS 'N GOUT PILLS FR %OUT, RHEUMATISM„ SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s. 93 per box.

FOR FIRST-CLA 86 PRIVATE ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. T F. Fall. Each patient informed beforehand the ...t work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by tbe aiâ of Nitrous Oxide. Ts 'TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,00 C gallon 1. weekly. Exore. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DE:rasT Br Exam.) MANCHESTER ......._._._._46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL .--....-5, BOLD-STREEI (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS .- ....... _ 0 EORCI E-STRE ET MONDAY. 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREET. IL SDAY, 2 p.m. WARR1NGT0N........--- —3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN --------31, BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH—.-....18, APPLEMARKET-STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MAR RIAGES. BENNETT DUPRE.—June 22nd, at the English Weslerirl Church, St. Helier's, Jersey, by the Rev. J. J. Brown, assisted by the Revs. Owen Jones, and Josiah Cot. al Rev. J. Grange Bennett, son ef Mr. John Bennett (late ° Bewsey Hall), to Tillie, daughter of J. J, Dupre, Me Samares, Jersey. No cards. COOKE —MOPKINS—June 24, at the Parish Church, Warrlog,, ton, by ,the Rev. A. S. Cameron, John Henry Cooke, Lizzie Hopkins. TAYLOR—CLIFIE—June 29. at the Parish Church, Warriog. ton, by the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, Charles Thomis Tayl°r' to Mary Clara. ELLISON—Km( rox—June 29, at the Parish Church, Warring; ton, by the Rev. A. F. Whire, Tom Ellison, to Margsre Emily Kenyon. DEATHS. niel WILLIAMS—June 21st, at Howard-street, Warrington, Williams, aged aged 48 years, rottn D ENN OPT —June 22nd, at Factory-lane, Warrington..- Dennett, aged 25 years. lIIILVEY—June 23rd, at Tilley-street, Warrington, Sel Mulvey, aged 40 years. REIDY—June 25th, at Gee-street, Warrington, Bridget aged 62 62 years. RICHARDSON—June 25th. at Foundry-street, Warringt° Mary Richardson, aged 63 years. Ltrins EY —June 27, at Battersby-lane, Warrington. - Lindsey, aged 56.

iRIARS' GREEN, Warrington (Op pos Also at MANCHESTER HOED, (late Essenhigb''' S. T. WARD AND 60., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, ,36Cio"os Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monument3;-!.° 1 Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Niar"3- Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTINCI MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
