===== 0002601_18991229_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
di,

P &HON'S FURNITURE.

CASII OR CREDIT

DELIVERED FREE FOR 5E MILES. grq t,ND 411 MERSEY STREET. ito'c - -

WARRINGTON.

•

===== 0002601_18991229_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Ely "OKainuter " &erfts

OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE CCIJNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises 'FHB Warrington and Hi -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. TILE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 1 every Friday 1, fternoon. "THE st. Helcms Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. 'THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and 'THE Wanes Examiner, published every Friday 1. morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. led. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. 04. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... 6s. OA. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges, are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise

naent inierted on credit under 2s. pei insert on.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale: APARTMENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED • APARTMENTS TO 1.41,1 T HOUSES TO BE SOLD AIVDICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

===== 0002601_18991229_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No ioBl.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

FIE L D INO'S LIMTED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES.

LOANS £5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions. Life Interests, Frcehnid and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ 5/- „ £25 os 12/6 „ £l5 7/6 Letters with a stamp will receive .. ive prompt attention. No fees or fines charged, hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. S tturday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOS EP II ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDINa'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. - - - - --- THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-ItESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKER S 5, WEST-STREET, OFF wIN WICK-ROAD, -

MANDOLINES, GUITAILQ, BANJOS.

WAiIRINOTON.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

• 4 tir •

LONG WORTH TAPER AIERC RANT. BUTTER PAPER, 138 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE „ us PURPLE BAGS, 9s W „ THIN HITE PAPER,' , BLUE OR PINK, 12s 6d CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 7d ; 16 by 24, 10i; 1 , 19 by 29 le 34 per ream. SVEET BAGS, loz. 10d. 2 ozs. Is. 4 ozs. is 2d per 1000. 501. 1 SIZE Id per 10:J3 less. ENVELOPES, le 6d 10Cr. 11 OIL E PA PltE,3kci Pr pound. CA ItitiAG E PAID'. 4 ixD 6, OAK ST;ZEET. 1-110mAs.1ukarx, 1 MANCHESTER. ,

FOR FIRST•CLASS PRIV ATE TEETH. TEETH TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. J.

HTir in" . PARKINSON

(DENTIST BY ELM) MANCIIES'TER.-......-....-46, MOSLSY-STREE r

(Telephone 1660),

ST. HELENS • MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SEL.:RDAI, 9 a. m, to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREET

TUESDAY, 2p.112.

WARRINGTON .- SANKEY-STRRET

WEDNESDAY, to 5.

RUNCORN,-.-.__3l. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICH.- —lB, APPLESIARKET-STREET FRIISAY, 11 to 12, and 1 too.

46A. WONDERFUL IVA PC EL" 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MAUR S:LVRTI ENufLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitte.l with STRONG CHAIN on FIISEE. HEAVY SOLID sILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well Wined and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. ' FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is time to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT' OF ROCGII WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPBTITIoN A Bona.. fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This waudi can be had in ALL SIZiiS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCS AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. bent post, free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. T.

liE W 4nARRINGTON LATE ‘,JO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF TRH BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERY MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHA W COAL). HRAD OFFICH AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Mars= Street, Warringtol2

DENTISTRY. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged AU consultations free. Each patient informed beforehand of work required. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. Maker to Dentists of 10.G00 gallons weekly. Brom, of the late

E. ill. AS4URST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. SEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MT PIES, POTrED SHRIMPS, COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND. 1899.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
F3RIDILIE, DECEMBER. 29, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
STRINGS. of the Finest Quality.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. . LA.nGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MA IMt ,TH POSTE,- S. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTEiLS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTIT POSTERS. - MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

S ATCHELL'S

CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. 61). AND 10S. 6D. 481 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

SIKH OIL

SPECIALITY PIihPAREET FOR THR USE

OF CYCLISTS.

FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFROTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TIN'S, Is. AND 6D. I, RON ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY POST is. 3D. AND BD. EACH. J. H AND S. JOI-INBON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECII.APILL, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
By POST{ Is. 734 d. per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is gd. per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_18991229_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TO FA R M ERS

• nROSFIELDS2 AGRIcULTURAL LIME, now NJ used by most leading Farmers Ira Chest]lr.- and South Lancashire ; results proving that it is TIER BBST AND :MOST lICON:P.Ile 114 F 0.1.01 OF LIME FOR AGhiCULTURAL PURYOSES. DepOt : Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington where full particulars and price may be obtained on apolication. For the emvenience ot Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T. Halton, Sankey FREE ON RECEIPT OF POSTAGE STAMP. A Treatise on the latest American Method of dispen- ing with Plates and ail Mechanical Appliances in persons wearing Artificial Teeth, so that the mouth and palate shall be perfectly free from all obstrue- tions. Address—SECRETARY, DR. LA GRANGE, 72, PRINCES ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

fADIES DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTING. First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS 3s. 6d. „ LEGGINGS „ KN/ifi CAPS „ ANKLETS 2s. 3d. ...... 48. 6d.

LASTIC STOCKING

SERVICEABLE TOYS FOR CHRISTMAZ.4. GUTTA PERCRA DOLLS, FROM 6D. EiCE. INDIA RUBBER DOLLS, ANI3IALS, &c., FROM 50.

NO MORE ROUND SHOULDRRS• LADIES' CREST BRACES, FROM 3s. 11D.

THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN.

J. E. HUGHES, 36, PARADISE-STREET ( OFF CHURCH-STRERT), LIVERPOOL.

CHEMISTS WHO COMMAND PUBLIC ESTEEM. THREE GOOD QUALITIES YOU MAY DEPEND UPON. (1) THE PERFECT FRESHNESS (2) THE GOOD QUALITY (3) THE FAIR PRICE OF ALL DRUGS BOLD AT BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. Every Branch is under the management of a com- petent man, qualified by exanilnation of the Phar- maceutical Society. The services of a reliable Chemist are thus at the disposal of EVRRY cus- tomer whether a Physician's prescription is brought to be dispensed, or the simplest drug is required. For (1) PHYSICIANS PRESCRIPTIONS (2) PURE DRUGS (3) SURGICAL APPLIANCES (4) TOILET ARTICLES (5) HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES BOOTS CASH CuEmisrs take the lead in the towns where they have branches. TOILET ARTICLES.—Many of the branches have a large and elaborate stuck of Hair Brushes. Vinai- grettes, Fancy Combs, &c., suitable for presents, ig inexpensive or expensive mountings, according to the taste and means of purchasers. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. ABE SOLE LOCAL AGENTS FOR THE FoLpwING SPECIALITIES : BAIRD'S BILIOL6 AD LIVER PILLS. Highly recommended to sufferers from Bilious- ness and Liver troubles. Is. lid. foi 90. at Boots, Cash Chemists. GRATTON'S EMBROCATION. Splendid tee' imonials from leading athletes. Strengthens the nau3cies. lc. for 101 d. at, Boots, Cash Chen:data, WILLS' VIAUKEEZIE. A real corn curer. It never fails to give prompt relief.

Is. for 10d. at B a,ts. Cash Chemists. C.I.IIIPBkLL'S CHERRY COUGH CURE. Unfailing remedy for stubborn coughs and sore throats. is. lid. for Is. at Boots, Cash Chemists.

BOOTS CASH 'UREA) ISTS, 5, MIDGE-STREET, AtARKET GATE; AND 35, BRIDGE-ST.. WAR RING TON.FMEas

•.. ' .

•

I

,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gatMfffiNEMlEl

===== 0002601_18991229_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18991229_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ASS YOUR GROOM FOR MCDk_i Ur}

"WOMEN'S CHAT!"

Over everything there is the shadew of the war but the suggestion that there should be a " day of humili- ation "early in the New Year. has been very properly put aside as altogether °pressed to the national senti- ment. Lord Aberdeen mad.; a similar proposition in 1854, but the Queen was of the opinion that if any fieople had cause to feel humiliated it was not the British nation. So also on this occasion Her Majesty t: kes a much more sensible view of the situation. The Queen desires, and has appointed Sunday the 7th of January for a simultaeeeus collection in the churches throughout England and Wales for the benefi7 of our soldiers and sailors and their families. The appeal was anticipated in many churches by the sc-called Soldiers' Sueday, on November 19tn, but the supplication now assumes a much more national character, and no doubt the moo- - meat will extend to the Catholic and Congregational Churches all over the Kingdom. All the Churches are on common ground in this helpful work. It is really an appeal to all, and the result should be a vast addition to the funds for the aufferers from the war in South Africa. The death of the Duke of Westminster, who was born in 1825, adds another to the long list of distinguished people who have passed away in 1899. Though the Grosvenor family is one of the oldest if the aristocracy the deceased nobleman was the first Duke, and he was of course wealthy beyond the dreams of avarice. The Westminster estates include 30,000 acres in Cheshire and Flintshire, and over 600 in the most fashionable district of London. It is from the latter property that the Grosvenors derive the bulk of their wealth. The late Duke always recognised:the responsibility which attached to his vast possessions, and was a generous though always a careful dispenser of charity. Last July his eldest grand-daughter was married to the Earl of Shaftesbury, and it was at the Earl's seat at St. Giles in Dorset, that the Duke passed away. It is Lady Shaftesbury's younger brother, Viscount Belgrave, son of the late Earl Grosvenor who died about 15 yeas ago, who now succeeds to the Dukedom. Lord Belgrave is in his twenty-first year, and has been serving as aide- de-camp to Sir Alfred Milner at the Cape. It was on Mr. Gladstone's recommendation that the late owner of Eaton Hall was raised from a Marquis to the Dukedom, in 1874, and it was under imilar circum- stances that he received the Garter, which is now at the diiipasal of the Queen. The old friendship, and long political association between the Duke aro' leir Glad- stone, was sadly broken over the Irish quceition, estrangement was so bitter that it was Pile euejeer of common remark. It was not until 1894 that a complete , reconciliation took place between the riohe and Mr. Gladstoae, when the old affectionate ' w3e maintained until the end. Discussing wi..4 L. Guinci-. Rogers how greatly his old friends had fallen away from him on the Home Rule queition.Mr. Gladstone once said. " Of all my former colleagues who have left me, there is only one with whom I remain on the old terms, and it will perhaps be a surprise to you to learn who that is. There is not a stouter Unionist among them all, but we continue friends. It is the Duke of Argyle." The late Duke of Westminster was twice married, in 1852 to Lady Constance Leverson-Gower, and again in 1882 to Lady Catherine Cavendish. The second alliance created relationships calculated to baffle the most prac- treed genealogist, the Duke's second daughter having already married the new Duchess's brother. 'l6e Duchess has ever been deemed an ideal hostess, as was her predecessor, the brilliant Lady Constance, but it is an open secret that her real happiness has been found in quiet domestic life. ohe is simplicity itself, and is much beloved by her large circle of friends. New Year's Day has always been memorable for presents. In the reign of Elizabeth, the greater part of the peers and peeresses, all the bishops, the chief officers of state, and several of the household servants gave New Year's gifts to her Majesty. The Queen gave gifts also, on her side, but the balance was always carefully made much in her favour. Pins, then, very dear, were acceptable, gloves then very costly, were also general presents. As a solemn religious festival, the first day of the year seems to have been celebrated by the most ancient nations. By the Jew as well as the Mohammedan, by the Chinese, the Roman and the Egyptian, it was marked by the observance Of particular ceremonies. The early fathers, Chrysacton, Ambrose, and others, forbade the celebration of any festivities on this anniversary, as a relic of paganism, but the joyous character of the day was never wholly ignored. -tle item the smart woman never loses sight of is —seise edges ! more especially those of tailor build. Once a skirt of this description has to be turned up,and there!,, re shortened, because the edge is cut through, the skir: is uined. Nothing is so dowdy as a skirt too alaort . Illy decent seamstress can fix a braid, but the r:rue person if she be entrusted with altering the edge Neil probably make a hash of the whole affair. By we' oliins, the edge we prevent all the necessity for e;eroas interference. Sel,s are in full swing, and women are succumbing in their thousands every day. The bulk of the "bargains" seem to bear the impress of the fogs that have been all too numerous this winter, and purchasers would do well to see those items se ePe.d, in a 7 light. Of course there really are some bargainr to e had among the heaps of rubbish brc ught forward at h%le time,but there is very little doubt that those particular functions are more in favour ef tle3 shop i_.-,reerietors than their fair customPra. During the past two cr three yen, there has been a considerable improvement instrle see %gilt of our clothes. Whereas we all used to wear three or four underskirts we are now relieved of all tut on 3. or at most two. The result is, we can v. s.lk further and quicker than of yore, when encumbered with a inas of endergarments that twisted round our limbs and obliged us every now and then to shake ourselves almost to a minimum, and we can walk, run, and enjoy outdoor life much better than we cculd ever do before. The death of Mr. Moody recalls the great stir which he and Mr Sankey creatsd in the country twenty-five years ago. When they arrived in 1873, and began their two years mislion over here, in Glasgow, few people had beard of them, but gradually their audiences grew until there were no buildings large enough to hold the crowds that flocked to hear them. No one, not even Mr. Spur- geon, Mr. Gladstone, or Mr. Bright could attract such multitudes,and yet there was apparently nothing except earnestness in the two American ministers to account for their popularity. Mr. Moody was neither a cultured man, or an orator, and there was nothing exceptional in Mr. Sankey's sing- ing. There arc scores and hundreds of such men in tbe Salvation Army, but the Moody and Sankey revival services seemed to fill a want of the time, and thus be- came a popular craze. Mr. Moody undoubtedly did a great deal of'good. He received large sums of money from the public, which he devoted to good services. He frequently took between two and three thousands pounds weekly, in the collections, at his religious services, and the royalties on the Moody and Sankey hymn book are said to have brought in between three and four hundred thousand pounds. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_18991229_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
AAADIES' LETTER.

MT DWI NELLIB

Evening dresses are in great request just now, for parties art, ever associated with Yuletide. A charming but at the same time thoroughly useful dress for a dance is made of one of the popular figured black nets mounted over rather bright rose. pink astin of the cotton backed variety, this being more effective than sateen ank less expensive than glacee silk, although the latter is, of course, better for the purpose. The net skirt is edged with five little frilis, each bordered with a row of block velvet baby-ribbon, and is just) eased into the waistband round front and sides and gath.red a little at the back, the satin slip being made sepa- rately and trimmed with a foot-frill. The bodice is full, the top being outlined with two or three narrow, velvet-edged frills, while the high chemi- sette and sleeves are of transparent black lace. A sash of rose-red silk, tied at the side of the front ;with long, deeply-fringed ends, and a big cluster of roses on the left shoulder, complete a very smart but not too oostly gown, or a waist band of ribbon zan be worn with a pretty bow on the left side. The long white glove, where the bodior has no fieeves, are absolutely necessary.

Blouses tor evening wear are coming to the front just now, and they are to be seen in all kinds of coloured silk, etc. For the more expensive type of dress, glace silk and a thick, soft satin are the two most popular materials, setticg the very fashionable but very terribly costly pinne aside. A very stylish gown of delicate heliotrope silk has the skirt made with a siraulated tunic out into deep scallops and edged with a ruching of chiffon in a slightly lighter shade. There are many arrangements to be suggested for the bodice. I have already seen several. One of them, for example, was of black chenille-spotted chiffon with collar and shoulder-straps of jet embroidery, and the other cf black and rose striped glace, trimmed with very tiny frills of black gauze, and finished at the waist with a sash of rose-coloured ribbon.

That fur is to be the order for milinery cannot be doubted seeing how widespread is its adoption. Of course a combination of ribbon is absolutely necessary, whilst the effact of a smartly trimrnal hats is considerably enhanced by an airette. Amongst recent ohapaoux that I have seen was a smut little toque with black velvet crown and border of erminit, with supplements of black vel- vet and ostrich tips; en suite wiLh a muff of ermine, with fron-frou of lace emerging from its cosy depths each end, accompany this coat very effectively. The second hat showed the wide toque of this season, designed to outline the semi-circle of the coiffure, The brim was sable, and the trimming consisted of bright rose velvet and grey, speckled feathers sewn with gold and silver sequins. The third hat was in mouse-coloured velvet lined with orange silk arranged in tucks. Folds of white chiffon surround the crown and a rosette of the same rests upon the hair under the black feather which is fastened °tithe turned-up part of the brim.

Jnet now children's clothes are interesting, espe. daily those for small girls, as the colotria in vogue for pilistse?and coats, trocks and hats are cilarmi.44, letots are being worn by girls up to some twelve year? old, made generally sac-fitting, often of a pow.ier or gobelin blue, old rose or art green shade. Tneee paletots have fano:fat collars, either of the same material, or of velvet, or again of the material embroidered by hand in crewel silk, a tone lighter than '..he material. avich bonnets ot the material of the ps.leto: turned biek with an embroidered rever, can be worn up to six or seven. Alter that age a hat is primps better. A hat I have seen wih i 9 illtelded to be worn by a little maid of eight to miLcO a coat of soft b ue green cloth WU of felt the Ferns cob ur as the coat, tied with e simple bow with fringed ends. _

Your loving,

JENME.

Married Ladies. PREM. FREE. Information of priceless value FREE on receipt of stamped envelope and address. TESTIMONIALS DAILY.

M. .M. ARLMGH,

(Box 63,) 160 HACKNEY OAD, LONDON. N.E

'LINSEED COMPOUND' (Trade Mark) gives ex- toratiou without Atrain. 91d., 131 d. Sold by Chemists x . vt.

') A "1"..• 1 6r; ~ • * 61.' . . ~ , -Z' 4 ' s ..-* / i' .A 1 . ' • ...‘e V 4 ',.// V, ' N. 1 1/ ' ' '''' *to .' ._ 31i - " '''VAt...Z,,,......4... ..t. Z''''''4l' .-- I.....Frefq '- It i fl fi . / _...., 7 ;'; k 01,,/,,.,_ 7, .....1\11,4,_,,_,,, / _. /•A ti il: ~ ~:i, / /, -. /' (f---,=. / 7,, ,-:5---E--,-,q!,-g,,,--/,,,,, '-\\ / i z„ ~,,, ~, ~11, t-P --3:-.74/ 74,,, / /// //ei -.:\ -----VV -3,l%;''' 14:;(:/./ 07M j ,-\_:'-:-22,:,1 '../.4V/7 ,i',Z46: ,----'7-#:. 5 ~,'' !'/X ', . '4, t, k\ , .iit:' A ;#4l)*/ '''''/// c.', e,,,,A 7/#7 riv - 1.-,,,,,iiig---1,,v../ ...i,_.:—..z./..„:„:„.,,: /., -: ..-_-..-. - 4 . I-----_---- .....,. .4/ c -_i* .

<se ' " //c/ ;‘• //A, i ffs.4ll‘i, / I I / / / I I‘Jilil 411/4-ni, 11.,111 ill, klifigii; la ifigiii mlf t 1-6`411' !hill 1 Nip 11 /. ) th/ol ;,/,sr ' i I.li 1 i f,!,,, 1 : ,

\ . A - . , N • \ ,/ ‘ , ' ' y - • •,,f ,N ,_.4.,..4,-,;..t ... t., i ~., r. . 4,- --O .:- : - t .74; :,,. s ry, ..-- . . 1. 4 4 .b-/. ;:•?4 , :. ; -,_--ok. /- -'''-'l4(4r*:'<:,J •/"ft r '', ;•1•:', N"---- •--":-- ••-..i.. 1••14.,,,,,r.•••••,, o , ff,--, , • ) ..;,, • A,2,./... , _"r;) '....•''s 01 < is- .••;!//':•' c... . of ~• 7v4 '. : ' •:::::':i; igo• : - •%';;;;:>/45 , • • •, 49p .. •:•"/1/4 ‘7, ,',-- :-.-;,•...;,:',,,bg:,., . •/i ,;•Z/ //V W/--- ..1,0.•ZY,„/L„,-/. , ".'',''')'"..(:_,,,. ' ",:.:.• /•V .• //' ,::,:•';•ii'%, , .7 et:Frr, •••••• ,-.440-. , 4-'7., ..-..,-cd'-r , ~...,..-•• N • 7,41 ,y,'' ?I:4'W • 4'l%:',-;'-. _

===== 0002601_18991229_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• -

===== 0002601_18991229_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS LIFE WAS SAVED.

A Lancashire Farmer Cured of Diabetes. by Dodd's Kidney Pills. His Uncle and Cousin died from Diabetes

"Faccon Farm. " Burton•in-Lonsdale. Lancs. "August 22nd, 1899. " D2ar Sirs.—Regarding my husband's illness. I beg to say that it began sometime in July last year. "Be commenced with_vary great, thirst and aching pains in his back and legs, and always felt very tired. "He got worse and worse, so we consulted a doctor who, after a careful examination, said it '

Diabete.. "Just then I read in a newspaper about the wonderfu cures effected by Dodd's Kidney Pills, so lat once sent for .two boxes. " He began to improve while taking the first box, and took four boxes in all, and was well again. " He was ill about six months. " As to the cause of his illness I cannot say, but I know that Diabetes is in my husband's family; he had an uncle and a cousin died with that disease. "While he was taking the Pills I took great care about his diet. " Please make what use you think best of this letter. " Yours faithfully, (Signed) ned ) MRS MACEERETH."

This statement speaks for itself. It fors one more link in he chain of proof that shows Dodd's Kidney Pills to be the only cure for all Kidney Diseases. No other medicine will cure Bright's Disease and Diabetes. MI other medicine has cured as many cases of Rheumatism. Heart Disease, Lumbago, Sciatica, Dropsy, Female Weakness, Urinary and Bladder Com- plaints, Nervous Diseases and disorders of the blood. Sold by all Chemists at 2s. 91. per box, or six boxes for 13s. 91., or sent post free on receipt of price by the Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. See that you get Dcdd's tbe original and only genuina CHRISTMAS P iESENTS.

THE POLY:. PITON. THIS ssARVELLOUS MUSICAL INSTRUMENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork—thousand: of Tunes. You can choose your own ,unes. Prices from 12A. 61. to £25 Also GRAMOPHONES and PHONOGRAPHS—TaIbing machines from Qs. A ItCHFR &SONS, St.G B ORGE'S CRESCENT (top of Lord-street.) LIVERPOO

LINS- tOMPOUND ' (Trade Mark) for Coughs and (Ads, of proven efficacy. 134 d. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt.

4 t ' t;tltetlifp ___-BBD 0'

===== 0002601_18991229_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18991229_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOU R

(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_18991229_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
NOBLER THAN REVENGE.

A BY ESME STUART, Author of "In the 'Dark," "Inscrutable," "A Woman of Forty," "Sara's Mother," &o.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV.

When Alec came to himself he could not at first remember what had happened to him. He felt chilled and stiff in every joint. There was hardly a glimmer of light in the place where he found himself. Where was he? At last he remembered be had had an accident, and he had fallen from— no, it was not possible! Then, all at once, just as a light is flashed in a dark cellar, the truth flashed across him. It was as if full daylight instead of darkness enveloped all the events of the last few days. He had been pursued and trapped by his enemies, and these enemies were the Feltons! He tried to rise but was soon obliged to desist, so much pain did any movement make him suffer. How blind he had been! Of course, Bob's friends —that is, those he had named—were the men of this house, and Bb had been unable or unwilling to tell him. Having been foiled in one instance, they had tried again. But why had the squire asked him to Yewdale? Surely not for this! Surely he knew nothing about it! No, Alec refused to believe this. It must have been the Feltons. But what could be their motive? He had always said that he did not count upon this property. Let the squire marry again and have a son, then Alec would have no chance of coming into a penny of it. Older men than the squire married every day. Why should the Feltons hate him as a possible heir? Was their reason, Ruby? But till his arrival at Yewdale, he had never thought of Ruby. They could not have told by intuition that he would fall in love at first sight with her. No, that was impossible. Bob had warned him to go away, but even if he had ex- pta.ined himself more, how could he have guessed or believed in so much treachery? Besides, would he not have run any risk for Ruby's sake? Now, however, he clenched his teeth. He was here, %!'iierever that was, and could do nothing. He - -Ad not save her. Would that wretch, James Felton, take her away, and would no one be there to save her?

Then Alec again tried to rise. This time he felt stronger. He passed his hand down his leg. He had not broken any bones, but he was terribly braised. Then suddenly he remembered that he had a box of matches in his pocket. He felt for it and struck a light. The match spluttered for a moment, then shone brightly over the walls of his prison. He saw that he was in a sort of lumber- room. There were old carpets and old curtains on the floor, and this fact must have saved his life. It felt very damp and cold, but the one window the room possessed was barred, and evidently looked only into another room. Indeed, after striking another match, he came to the conclusion that he was in a sort of closet where for many years rubbish had been thrown, and that there was no communication with the outer world. Yes, that was most likely the fact. He was in an inner chamber or closet, and that, if the room with which it communicated was also locked, then most likely no one would hear him, however loud he might shout. He was meant to starve or to die in any fashion which seemed best to him.

But why? Why? To die fighting is comparatively easy. To die uhen overwhelmed by some great misfortune, is not so terrible as some might think. One can but struggle the few minutes allotted to one; but to die in a trap, like a wild animal, to be able to do nothing towards saving one's own life, that it is which takes away a proud man's courage, and makes the strongest man to quail. Before his second match went out, Alec's eves eagerly searched around to see how the dastardly plot had been contrived. The secret was well kept; nothing was visible. Above was the unceiled wood- work, and the trap-door was so contrived that the marks of it were not discernible. It must have been cleverly made, or it must have been there a long time. Which? He was meant to starve, for there was no sign of food—not a vestige of anything eatable—nothing but lumber. Presently the returning light streamed in a little, and when he began to get accustomed to the semi-darkness, he could see plainly that the doer wa: also firmly locked from the outside. This was no mere common mcdern woodwork, but strong oak, studded with nails. Where was his chance of escape? But a man of Alec's character does not easily give up. He stood up and looked round carefully, thankful at last that no bones were broken, though his left wrist was very painful, and he fancied that he must have sprained it severely. Hero was another hindrance to his escape. Very slowly be went round the place and examined his small prison. lii case corner there were pieture- frames, old chairs, orse or two travatling-boxes, and the odds and ends of year.s. Cobwebs everywhere on the walls, and the window with thick ground-glass, covered with a shutter on the outside. The light came through the crevices where the shutter did not fit very tightly. He thumped the walls ;.they were so thick that they hardly made an echo. He shouted, and the sound dropped dull and heavy, as if it were smothered before it was out of his mouth. _ _ _

"lam a prisoner, and it is certain that I am to be kept here—how long ? " He clenched his teeth as he sank down upon the old heap of damp curtains and wrestled with thought. It was hard for a man who had done no harm to his neighbour, and who had all his life been free from ideas of evil, to find himself suddenly confronted with villainy of which he cannot understand the reason, and for which there is no apparent motive. Alec tried to go over all that had happened to him since he had received that fatal invitation to come to Yewdale. His accident—which he saw now was no accident, but planned to get rid of him, and which might have suceeeded had Bob not been at hand—then the squire's request to make Ruby his heir, then his own happiness or misfortune in falling in love with the girl who must be a victim—or could she be also in the secret? Was all this a plant to draw him into worse meshes?

He flung his head back indignantly. "How dare I think such a thing of her? No, she is as much in the meshes of those men as I am. But what of her father? How could it be possible that he should sacrifice her from any motive? How could he use her for his own advantage? It was too mysterious; he could nut see any daylight. "Ruby," he said, softly, "what will you think Of me? Ah, that seems the hardest part of it! You will be waiting, and there will be no Alec to help you, and you had trusted me. Will they take her now? My poor little bird, you have been in a cage all these years, and you little guess that I am at this moment in the same and worse straits. No, not worse. You will be in the power of that wretch, and I can but die. But die, like this— like this! No, it is impossible."* But much as he might think, there was nothity, to be done—nothing. The minutes passed away like hours, and the hours like years, and there was only silence. At last, tired even, of expecting some sound, he rose, and again he went round the room. Again he hit the cold glass with all his might, and again there was no response bat silence. It was maddenning, and even now what might not be happening to Ruby? What? Never had Alec experienced such a feeling of hatred and rage as seized him at this moment. It was the impotence of his anger which was more humiliating than anything else. He felt that he was indulging in an anger which only recoiled on himself. Not a righteous anger, but one which seemed to lower his own bbaracter. Suddenly his better nature reasserted itself. "I am in God's hands. What can I do? But -I am pot forsaken. If this thing is to be, it must be God's will. I have but to bear it like a man—not like a beast who cannot look up." It was a hard lesson, harder because he thought of Ruby before himself. Why had he not tatei her away at once when he understood the true meaning of all these machinations? Why? Why? At last he fell into a troubled sleep, for throug;: it he seemed conscious of his position. It was as if someone had given him an opiate for his mental pain. Through this he heard a faint—very faint— noise. It was some human being; at all events, hu should see someone. He was just going to tend up and shout, when a sudden thought made him lie where he was perfectly still. It could be but the person or persons who had put him there who were coming to see him. Perhaps to gloat over his death. No, he would not be the first to speak. He would not give them the joy of wit- nessing his useless misery. He would give them silence for all comfort. Ile would be a man.

There was a faint footstep. It was much darker now. It must be getting late. He had forgotten to wind his watch, and Snow it had stopped. The

===== 0002601_18991229_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.

footsteps approacnea. It was nut one persons A kez was softly inserted and turned in the lock.. Could he rise and seize the key from his enemy? Could he overpower him? As he lifted his left hand, he was reminded of his sprain. How could he with one hand—and so bruised that he could hardly move—how could he hope to overpower James Felton, who was as tall as himself and as strong, if not stronger? The door opened very gently, and James Felton entered. "Forgive my intrusion, but I am going to- morrow, and this is my last chance of visiting a Beauworth."

Alec did not answer. Indeed, at that moment he could not have controlled himself to speak. "You have had an unpleasant adventure, but I am sorry to say it was necessary. You were making yourself very objectionable about • Ruby. You knew very well that she was to be my wife, and you meddled too much in that little matter." "What do, you want me to do ? " said Alec, unable to keep silent. "You are here because you wished to do too much."

Alec wanted to fall upon him. Words seemed inadequate; he paused to choose them. What could he say? He was too proud to aqk for pity. "I am going to-morrow. Have you any last word ? " continued James, but his tone was a little less assured.

"You are a dastardly coward!" said Alec, slowly, as if he were making an ordinary remark. James laughed softly. "Coward! No, I have not been oftep. 'old that; but this was a desperate remedy. It was the squire's fault. He wanted too much, and you chose to fall in love." ..

"I wanted to save an innocent girl from--" "You wanted too much. If you had not meddled, Ruby would have been as meek as a lamb. However, it is all of no use, for we are to be married to-morrow; and I shall teach her to obey her husband, though she may not like the process." "Poor child! Her father must be an inhuman wretch! " -

"Her father!" James laughed. "He is more guilty than you are. least hue defended his own child."

He should at

"ThSn't trouble about that. Have you any message to Ruby? I don't promise to give it before the wedding. but I will afterwards." "Tell her the truth, and that I shall love her always." Alec had thrown all prudence to the winds.

"Then it's as well you can think of her here and not elsewhere."

Do you mean to keep me here till-" "I came about that very business. You will easily understand that I cannot let you free unless you make a few promises and keep them. When we have sailed, you will not be able to do any harm • for I marry Ruby with her father's consent, and I hope that she will not kick up a row. After all, what is done is done." "It will be no real marriage." _ _ .

"We shall see; anyhow, if you will make three promises, you can go your own way. I will leave wor 1 when your prison is to be opened." " liroe promises—what are they? " "ou are to say nothing about this little affair pti are free." " coward does not wish to be known." • 03ordly, you are to let your will stand as it d now. _

cc ou e s your cards too easily." iidn't take the journey from Australia for nu... 1 ng. At least not only for love of Sir Harry.* "And the third? " "You are never to write or communicate with Ruby." 'ls that all? "

"Yes, but you must beware." "I will not swear to them or make them at all. As to the estate, I may never come into it. If I do I shall look after the interests of the Beauworths, without any promises to such a rascal as you are." "Then you refuse 9" "I do." "It is of no consequence, I did not expect to humble your pride." Alec had fallen into another snare. He caught the ring of triumph in the voice of his enemy, but it was too late. He could not lower himself to promise what he could never keep. After all he had better have said nothing. He saw now that he would be left hole, and— He did not dare face the result. It "Well, good-evening. I am sorry you are obdurate, but wisdom often comes too late. were offered your release, remember.' Alec attartea up. He would fight for hh life. He would not be canglit in a trap. VOIC9 and shouted at the same time

iou

rti sod his

towards James. But the enemy had expected

all the time, he had kept close to thedlor, before Alec could touch him he had escaped,

;oring,o

• the key was turned in the lock. There was another sound, another grating noise and all pas stin again. Alec remained standing where he was as ii turned' to stone. What a fool he had been, why had he not promised, why had he given up so easily his chance of life? It was too trying to feel that he had been outwitted. Then suddenly Alec had another illumination, which comes to those who have to face death. Whether he had promised or not, he would have been left to die there. He even laughed a little as the certainty forced itself on him. He had not given his enemy the pleasure of a useless promise. If it had been within his plan to release him, he would not have taken such pains to have put him into this awful hole. Did anyone know? Alec believed that no one but, perhaps, James's father knew of his imprisonment. No one would look for him; no one would open this door, it might be for years, and he would die of slow starvation inch by inch. He threw himself down again on his carpets. There was nothing to do but to bear it like a man, 'nothing to hope but that Ged would•be merciful to him, and hasten the inevitable end. Prayer had not meant to Alec what it did now. It had never seemed to him that a man might at last find himself face to face wjth death, which is face to face with his Maker. A long silence followed, then there came a quiet determination to be a true man and a Christian, to die like a hero. He had nothing to reproach himself with, he had not to feel lower in his own estimation. He had loved Ruby, but not till he saw that it would save her from those wretches had he attempted to inter- fere. Poor, poor Ruby, he had taught her what true love meant only to make her fate doubly bitter, but even now he did not repent, though the idea that she would belong to another, and such another, was maddening. Still it was better for her to know wrong from right, even if her sufferings were to be doubled. What would slow starvation feel like? This thought came upon him later on. It seemed to him that any death would be preferable, but there wasjno choice given to him, and again he searched for some adequate reason for this monstrous injustice to an unoffending man. His mind went back to his childhood, to the time when his adopted mother had first taken care of him, after he had been left friendless and motherless. Since that time he had never wanted for affec- tion, or for anything which she had been able to give him. Happily this second mother was dead, and in her wildest imagination she could never have foreseen his fate, nor the awful death which awaited him. _ _

The day wore on night fell. It must be getting late. He remembered stories of men who had lived fin- days without food, unable to part with life which they valued so little. His mind seemed to grow clearer instead of becoming clouded. Why was he to suffer in this way? Even his bruises were less painful. He stood up and felt that he could walk better in the narrow space allotted to him, but where was the good of trying to get more energy when the case was hopeless? Night came on—night, with all the added feeling that this was Ruby's last night in her old home. He struck his fist against the wall, as if this could release him from prison, and as if the very walls must take pity on him and on her. There could be no escape for her, no more than there could be for him, and her prison would end in worse than death. The best thing to hope for her was neglect, for there could be nothing in common between the refined, beautiful girl and the man capable of any crime to get his own miseraule ends.

Alec felt he must get weary so as to court sleep, that only benefactor left to those forsaken by men. God alone could help him now. For what sin was he placed here in this terrible strait? For what sin ?

Then his mind reverted to Bob, kind Bob, who had seen more and knew more than he had revealed. But even if he had told him, would he have believed him? Would he not have thought that the lad was trying to shield his own friends at the expense of Alec's relations?

Bob was a sharp lad, but what chance was there that he would find out about his disappearance? James was clever enough to have removed all tracf, of his fall, ge.wonl4 invent some plausible stgry

to pat Bch off the scent. There was no hope, no chance for him.

None, none, none. As he repeated the words he seemed to be falling very gently down, as if the wings of a great bird, floating down, down into soft blue mist followed by a beautiful oblivion.

through lisq* Drain as tne crawler went On and on. She dared not ask the man if they were nearly there for fear of shewing her ignorance. At last he drew up at Roland's Hotel. The cabman opened the door, and she got out. She was frightened at dhe supercilious menservants who came forward; but at last he managed to go upstairs and to ask for some lunch. She was shewn into the coffee- room. "I want to find thern address of a Mrs. Scott, ; who lives near here."

"If you will come into the office, madam, you can see the directory." Alas! poor Ruby ; she saw a long list of Scotts. She looked down. First she thought that one was the right one, then she saw another, and was fairly puzzled. A feeling of despair came over her. What should she do if she could not find this house? She wrote down two addresses, pretending she had found what she wanted, and then she went back to eat her lunch. She could hardly eat any- thing, and when she asked the price, she found it was three shillings and sixpence. As soon as she had paid, she fled from that big house, where there were no kind looks. She felt so lonely and desolate. What could she do? She must try and find the two Mrs. Scots. She would not lose the address this time. She had to ask several times for the way, and at last when she reached the house her heart beat fast. She rang the bell. "Was Mrs. Scott at home P" "Mrs. Scott was abroad till the summer," said a caretaker. Ruby walked away. Then it must be the other. Again she asked her way. Again she felt weary, and her heart sank within_her. At last she found the house. "Is Mrs. Scott at home ? " The servant of whom she asked the question was a young woman, who looked Ruby up and down as much as to say: "What do you want of Mrs. Scott ? " "Yes, will you walk in ? " Ruby walked upstairs to a drawing-room. She waited some time, her fears becoming more and more acute. At last she heard a rustle of skirts, and a lady sailed in. The sight of her took all Ruby's courage away. "Are you the Mrs. Scott who is the friend of Mr. Beauworth ? " "Mr. Beauworth ? Well, let me see. Do I know a gentleman of that name? I daresay Ido —I know so many." "Oh, but you sent him a telegram yesterday." "I am afraid it was not yesterday. But what can I do for you ? " "Oh, nothing, thank you. I must find the right Mrs. Scott. fhave made a mistake."

"Don't you know the direz.tion ? " said the lady, looking very hard at Ruby. "Are your friends living in London ? " "Oh, no, thank you; I have come up for the day, and I--" "Oh, very well; but if you are in need of a bed; I let apartments." Ruby thought that this was some ray of comfort. "What do you charge for a bed just for one night till I find Mrs. Scott ? " "Oh, not much for a nice-looking young lady as you are." "How much ? " said Ruby, in a low voice. She did not like the looks of this London lady, but she was in despair. "Let us say five shillings a night. suit you ? " "Thank you, I will come back this evening if I don't find Mrs. Scott."

Will that

"Very well; I am sure you could not do better. Leave your bag here, anyhow: it is heavy for you. Why not stay here altogether? You can write to your friend." Ruby refused to stay, hardly knowing what she said, she was so tired and so sad; but she left her baR in the hall. Would she have to go home after all? She hardly had enough money to stay more than the night. Oh, how could her father have driven her to such straits? How could he? When Ruby found herself once more in the streets, she almost broke down. Her tears fell fast, but she was not beaten yet. She would go to a bookseller's shop and ask for another directory. An hour later Ruby was once more looking for Alec's friend, but it was like looking for the proverbial needle. She tried three. One was a shop, that could not be the place, and another was certainly not the required Mrs. Scott. At last Ruby felt quite wearied out. She must return to the first Mrs. Scott, who would give her a bed for the night, and after that—oh, she must think! She passed a church and went into it. Kneeling down, she acalted God to shew her some way out of her difficulty. She felt a little comforted after this, and retraced her steps. It was growing dusk. Her mind wandered back to her home, where so short a time ago she had tholght that she was so safe and happy and only a child! How quickly life could change! When she reached the street, she paused. She knew this house at 11 events, but she was unwilling to come in—only, what could she do?

To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18991229_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XV.

The train was whirled along to its destination to the great centre of the life of the British Empire. The thought that converges and the stream of trade that flows to that centre, as if impelled by some hidden law which it is bound to obey, is one of the unexplained secrets of national life. The history of centuries has willed it, so a daily:miracle takes place and few realise it because it is a fact of everyday life. Ruby Beauworth could hardly remember going in a train since she was a child. And now she was alone in a corner of the third-class carriage. Her heart beat very fast. She had seen James Felton and his father, and the terror of being dis- covered by them seemed to take away all her power of thinking. Every now and then she said to herself I mifq escape. I won't go with him, I won't.

But if he saw her he would, perhaps, appeal to a policeman. He would say that she had run away, and poor Ruby, who knew very little of the law, conjured up all kinds of dreadful things that might happen. Oh, why had Alec left her? but it must be some mistake, he could not help it. He had been so good, so kind, that he would have come to her help if he could. She grasped the telegram tightly so that it might impart some degree of comfort to her. The lady had said that she would take her in. She was Alec's friend, and surely she would help her. The train stopped suddenly, Ruby dared not ask any questions. It was not London, but perhaps she would hear the name called out. She listened, then tried to look out, but at that minute she saw James Felton get out of the train and begin walking towards her carriage. Had he seen her or had someone told him that she was there quite near to him. He was smoking. She went into the furthest corner of the carriage, but at that moment her own door was opened and an elderly man got in. James was coming nearer, she could see him through her veil. At that moment, however, she heard the guard say: "Take your seats." James hurried back and she was safe. She heaved a little sigh of relief and squeezed herself still more into the corner. The man who had got into the carriage looked at her.

"Be you going to London, Miss?" "Yes," said Ruby, not daring to look at the speaker. "It be a bit foggy to-day, and it will be worse in Lunnun."

===== 0002601_18991229_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Ruby had not thought of the weather at all.

"It is foggy," she ;aid. The man looked at her a little more closely. He could hardly see her face, but he saw a pretty, girlish figure. She was evidently a lady born. "You be young to travel alone," he said, kindly. Ruby blushed very_ red. She seemed to feel as if everybody knew that she was running away. The train hurried on, and Ruby became more and more nervous. At last the rows of houses appeared, the steam slackened, the whistle sounded, and they had reached London. Ruby let the people get out. She was so much afraid of meeting James Felton, that she did not at first hear her companion saying: "Do you want a cab; missy ? " "No, thank you," said Ruby, anxious not to be beholden to any stranger, and the old man got out. At last the guard came by, and looked in. "It's the terminus, miss. Do you want a cab ? " "Oh, yes, please." Ruby got down and took her telegram out of her pocket. There was no cab just near at hand. "Come this way, miss; I'll find you one in a minute." Ruby followed very closely. There seemed to be some protection in the official coat. The guard called a cab. Re opened the door. "Where to, miss? " _

Ruby gave the address. The guard shut tho door, and the cabman drove off. _

"Now I am safe," thought Ruby, lifting her veil from her face to cool her burning cheeks. "Now I shall escape him. 17 It was foggy here. The cab stopped at the entrance gates of the station. An official took town the number. Ruby looked out to wonder •.1-113, she was stopping, then the cab rumbled on into the streets. She did not know how long it would take her to get to her destination, so she sat at the edge of the seat and looked at the names of the streets. Every minute she felt happier and safer from him. Oh, if only the cab would get quialy to the address she had given. Suddenly, 'Wit liouf any warnmg",-- a hansonicab aprifthidned iier from the opposite side. Two men were in it. They looked full at her and she at them before Lee was time to move or to put down her veil. It was the Feltons, but their cab was dashing on; tad she saw James start, up and call the driver to st op them; the mist hid them the next moment. j 11 her resolution came to ker aid. "Please go very quickly," she called out, "and turn down this way, as I want to go by that street." She spoke with authority. The cabman was a stupid man, and obeyed as he -began to reckon up how much extra he might charge for going out of his way. "Go on quickly, please." Ruby heard the sound of wheels close behind her as her cab turned off from the thoroughfare. The other cab went on. They had not found out her cab had turned off. It was a long street, and her fourwheeler rumbled on.

"Go quicker, please," called out the girl. "I'm going as quick as the 'orse 'll go," said the driver. _ .

Ruby listened. Suddenly, as she gazed out, able saw a hansom turn into her street. He was follow- ing her. Again she put out her head. - "Stop, cabman, this is the place where 1 want to get out. Here is your money." She gave double the fare. She held her bag, and quick as thought she hurried down „a small side street, and dashed into a small shop. There she paused thinking and taking breath. Happily, no one was in the shop. It was .a very humble baker, and when he appeared Ruby asked for a bun and began to eat it, though every mouthful seemed to choke her. She kept her face away from the street, fearing to see her enemy following her. Before she had done, she heard a cab, and trembled for fear it was the cab, but it passed on. She must be safe. She took out her purse to pay for the bun, and then, for fear of exciting suspicion, she went out into the foggy air. With trembling steps she walked down the street, her mind almost stupefied with the fright she had had. What she must do next, she did not know; but the fact of walking did her good. The air cooled her burning forehead, and she was at last able to think coherently. She would call another cab, and go to the address of Alec's friend. Oh, now she was really safe. She had still a pound left; that would be enough to get her to a safe shelter till she could write to Alec. Oh, if he were only here! If she could see him suddenly appear round some corner, and hear his kind, strong voice tell her she was safe with him! But this would soon happen. His friend would know where he was. How fortunate that Bob had secured that telegram!

At last she got tired of walking, and paused to look at the address. She would learn it by heart to tell the cabman. Her hand was in her pocket/ she could feel nothing, she could—where was that paper? She stood quite still, feeling as if she should faint. She hunted again; then she remem- bered that she had held the envelope in her hand when she was in the cab. In her haste and agitation, she must have dropped it. Oh, where could it be? She was in this dreadful London; how could she find it? She did not even know the way she had come. She was lost—quite lost! She, who had never been allowed to wander out of the park alone, and now she felt utterly forsaken. She thought and thought. What could have been the address? She remembered the name—Mrs. Scott—and that it was in Kensington, but the street had flown from her memory. Some girls would have given way, but Ruby was a Beauworth. She stood a minute against the window of a shop pretending to look in, but seeing nothing with her bodily eyes. "I will go to an hotel, and then see if I can find this lady." She walked to where she saw several cabs stand- ing by the pavement. Ruby looked at the men; she chose the one who looked the oldest.

"Will you drive me to an hotel—a quiet one, please—in Kensington ? " "What name, miss ? " "I don't know, but one where a lady can stay, please." The old man eyed her a little, then he said: "All right," and rumbled off. When she reached the corner of the next street, she tried to read its name. Perhaps, if she saw it written up, she would remember. Nothing looked familiar to her. Nothing recalled the lost name. How long the cab went on! It seemed ages since she had got into it. Was the man in league with Janes Felton? All kinds of dreadful ideas surged

===== 0002601_18991229_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW YEAR.

Now year dark clouds attend thy natal day, Their darkness soon we hope will pass away, Bravo men are failing in the cruel strife, I-14e nation mc urns th- lost heroic life. Or: Grd. we pray thee guide old England still And help her now t) do thy sacred will. New yrar when win'er's frosty time is o'er, How sweet will be the budding spring once more, E'en then or thoughts must wander sad ard far TO gh,stly eeenes of the unwelcome war, Whilo 'get cur hearts with admiration dwell On noble deeds where heroes fightiug fell.

Now Year ere summer breathes upon the plain, May reac with her rictq blessings come again, Oh pace within thy lovely sunnybowers, May blcom in beauty all love's gentle illwers, And spreading plenty o'er a happy land, May every virtue of the heart expand. New Year b3Core thy autumn days are pas', May " peace with honour" be with us at last Our much loved Empire be from war at rest, And eith content her colonies be blest, To help mankind and do the sacred will, Of Him who ruleth all the nations still. S. KENYON. Warrington, December, 1899.

VALUABLE DIsCOVERY FOR THE HAIL—It your hair Is turning grey orwhite ot falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or wni to hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 35 6d per bottlo.—Advt*

PLORILINE I—Fo R THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly Cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preys. its tarot., stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiai pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 64. for the liquid, or is. per jar tor the Florilin* "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 BILLi are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all accpiired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Esteellehed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 64 each, of all Cheitists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough hut the world, or bent for sixty stamps by the makers Tile Llncoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. Advt

The Royal Laundressn say Critchlev's " Sriit= GLOSS. sun.qualled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen. with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—Mv wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch G 1038." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I Lave tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal tc yours." It should be used in every house. Sold st id., 3d and lid by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- cure it. T. CRITCHLEY. Blackburc.. Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ALBRIGHT'S

NERVE TONIC

SPEEDILY CURES

Neuralgia, Toothache, Lumbago, Sciatica, Head- ache, and all severe Nerve Pains, Depression of Spirits, Nervousness, Sleeplessness, over-worked Brain, Debility and general lack of tone in the system.

UtIEQUALLED AS A fiERVE TOI4IC. Sold in bottles, at 1/1i and 2/9. May be obtained through all Chemists, or Post Free from the Proprietor,

A. ALBRIGHT, Chemist, 41, Littlerland Road, Bootle, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
• _

.4410401 Pa

;' ?I A flt .7 IL ki L, .a?,,z irt:lii a FR il Ai,: laa LA -,a re lit

his)

!:1,,11,,‘,‘:,)!Pfe;i',,,i.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
d iloe \, .4ill kt,,l-,,,r,, 114',`,1 r '!44i ltti 1 Trt.:•,:r 1 ' i ;o

v,,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON MINISTER IN AMERICA.

Testimonial to the Rev. Joseph Ellison. The many Warrington people who are acquainted with Councillor Luke Ellison and hi :3 family will be pleased to hear that his son Joseph, who has been Baptist minister at Carver, Mass, has recently accepted a call to Whittier, South Califoinia,where a new church has been built for him. The Rev. JBseph Ellison is highly esteemed in both these places, which are some 3,000 miles apart. We append a copy of a testimonial he has received on the occasion of his departure from Carver to Whittier.

The Plymouth County Neighbourhood Convention at its session in the Congregational 'Church, East Rochester, Mass., unanimously aaopted the follow- ing minute, April 11, 1899 :—Resolved, that this Convention place in the hand of the Rev, Joseph Ellison of the Baptist Church, Center Carver, Mass., certified by our Moderator and Secretary, as well as on our records, a statement of our high estimation of him as a thorough evangelical preacher of the Gospel, and our love for him as a Christian brother. We bear record to his fearless manner of pro- claiming the whole counsel of Gcd in his clear, forcible style, seeking the truth at a Sacrifice, and with unswerving loyalty to the Master. Anything that would dim the glory of the Son of God, or de- tract from the need and efficacy of his work 88 Saviour, has met with our brother's determined opposition. He has ever proclaimed the unlimited pardon for every sinner in Jesus Christ repenting. Such a course has won the high esteem of this Convention.

We regard our brother as an eminently safe teacher and guide, and would recommend him to any flock over which God shall place him as shepherd. We bear testimony not only to his faith- ful service in his distinctively pastoral duties, but also to his work for the past few years in helping with willing hands to build up a universal brother- hood, of one Faith, one Lord, one Baptism, in this neighbourhood, thus honouring the Master. There- fore he has endeared himself to us by a consecrated life of ability, faithfulness and love, which have characterised his labours among us. We bear glad witness to blessings received, heartseomforted,lives brightened and souls saved for the Kingdom by the Gospel so sweetly and touchingly sung by our brother—a rich gift freely used. We regret that this happy fellowship must be broken. We assure our brother and his family that our interest and prayers will follow them to the new field of work which shall be opened. We trust fora wider sphere for his usefulness,with a greater contribution to the glory of God. GEO. H. SHAW, Moderator. G. W. STEARNS, Secretary.

How IS IT MILT ' CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE h obtained such great popularity" is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is, that it is maquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill hal brought to light. Thousands of wonderful :tires have be?._ effected by it. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skins, and Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle ware of worthless imitations ana substitutes.—Adrt. 2)

LINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS, digestive, correc- tive, and I:2,:ecably aperient, 9P., 130. Of ail Ch,in sts. Advt.

;

===== 0002601_18991229_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
31C.7.1P.3.1Cr.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX CURES AND SCORES.

POINTS • FOR A.GST. Sept. 2—St 'Wens a 3 3 • 9—Leigh h 36—Stockport h 7 l5 0 _ _

23—Rochda1e Hornets a 6 7

30—Widces h 6 5 Oct. 7—Wigan a 14—Millom h ll 0 21—Salford a • 21— CUMBERLAND V LANCABHIBM LI7 0 7 28—Tyldesley h 22 0 Nov. 4—Stookport a

, Ll 6 Y 13 4—LANCIEIHInE V YORKSHIRE a 11—Broughton Rangers h 18—Oldham a. 3 14

25—Birkenhead Wanderers h Dec. 2—L igh a 2—. LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE h L 6 ...0 0 , 9—Morecambe, a 16—Wigan h 23—St Helens h 0 11 .26—(Boxing Day) Runcarn a 30—Swinton a Jan. 6—Tylgesley a 13—Swinton h 20-2 I cord h • 27—Runcorn h Feb. 3—Broughton Rangers a 10—Oldham la

17—Wiines a 24—Roehdale Hornets Ii blareh 3 a 11—Open ' 17— Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April —Open

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXIIIRES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOB AG'ST Sept 2.—/.llnom h 2O 0 9.—St Helens a 3 0 16.—Runcorn a 23. —Broughtoit Rangers h ll 0 30 —Warrini,ton a 5 6 Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 2 10

21.—Wigan a 24. —St Helens n Nov 4.—Lancaster a 3 0 11.— Pyldesley a . 18.—Millom a 0 0 25. Tyklesley h Dec 2.—Altrincham h 26 3 9.—Leigh a 8 8 16.—Sa1n,rd. a 23.—Rceudale Hornets a 30.—Stockport a Jan I.—Swinton a .. 6.- 13.—Oldham 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—Wigan h Feb 3.—Salford h 10.—Rochdale Hornets a 17.—Warrington h 24.—Stoekriort h Mar 3.—Runcorn h 10.—Lsigh h 17.—Cup Tie

ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

Black to move and win.

SOLVERS LIST.

Previous Problem Total score. No 63 Pte. E Donaghy, Padgate ...............90 2 92 II Powell,W arrington .-.. ...... ....86 2 88 T P Forbes. Warrington .84 2 86 E Ogden, Warrington ......._......80 2 82 T Ricker, Warrington.— .....78 ..., 80 G Rowe, Warrington 78 2 80 W Massey,Warrington 72 2 74 W Darlington,Penketh 72 2 74 J J Foden, Warrington. 7O 2 72 J Evans, Warrington ...........- 70 2 72 .1 Green, Warrington . A Rutter, Warrington .64 2 66 "E JP" Warrington - -s. 60 2 62 A Banner, Warrington 54 2 56 "0 P,"Warrington . 54 2 56 F Wright, Warrington 42 2 4 I. S Tavlin. Warrington S Albinson, Stockton Heath 3O 30 J. J. Wright, Warrington lB 18 W E liean.Warrir.gton. .. 18 -- 18 W Rigby, Warrinton l4 2 16 G Lowe, Warrington... .. . lO 10 A Gabriel, Stockton Heath. T Broomhall, Earlestown W Hewitt, Warrington F Frangleton, Warrington

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this compatition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 58. instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we may state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month', competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if be chooses commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction.

Intenling competitors may commence at any time.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FIX CURES AND SCORES.

DOINTS FOR AGar Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Widnes h. 0 3 • 16—Swinton h 23—Lancv,t,r home l7 2 39 —Broukhton Rang,,rs a Oct. 7—llozhthle Hornets a 14—Wigan h g 21—St.co1cport h _ _

.. 28—Widnes a 3 5 Hov. 4—Wig,ti a 11 Salford Is 18—Ty ldes'ey h Abandoned 25—Stockport a 2 —Tyldesly h Dec. 9 —Oloham h l7 14 23—Warringtou a ll 0 25—Broughton It ang.rs, Ii 26-31illom b 30—Tyldesley a . Jan. I—Leigh h 6 —Swinton a

13 —Millom a 20—Rochd,Je HoL nets, h Feb. 3 —Leigh a 17—Run?orn, a • 24—Runcorn h Mar. 3—Oldham a 10—Salford a 17—Cup tie (first round)

===== 0002601_18991229_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBA LL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. FOR AGST Sept: 2—Wigan a 6—Swinton h 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnes h 5 0 23-01dham a 3 2 25—Ty1des1ey a l3 2 7—Tyldesley h 2l 0 14—Stockport a 0 8

21—Leigh 23—Cheshire v Yorkshire a C 9 Y 8 Nov. 4—Altrineham h 57 2 11—Millom h 9 5 18—Altrincharn a 25—Sairo-d h Dec. 2 -Cheshire v Lancashire a 9—Rochdale Hornets a 8 0 16—Stockport h Postponed 23—Miilom a 26—Warritigton is 30—Leigh ... Jan. I—Brougt,ton hangers a 6- 13—Rochdale Hornets is 20—Swinton h 27—Warrington a,. Feb. 3—Wivan h 10—Salford a 17—St. Helens h 24—St. Helens a Mar. 3—Widnes a 10—Oldham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 26- 28—Cup Tie

===== 0002601_18991229_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
"NOT SO ABSENT-MINDED AFTER ALL:"

HE HAS SENT ARTHUR EVANS, A TESTIMONIAL FROM SOUTH AFRICA IN PRAISE OF HIS 6s. 61. AND Bs. 6d. CiENI"S SEWN BOOTS. SEE THE ORIGINAL IN WINDOW OF BRANCH 51 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

J. E. HUGHES, (LATE 5, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT,) HAS REMOVED TO HIS NEW PREMISES 361 PARADISE STREET, LIVERPOOL. vV HERE HE WILL SELL EIS HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS AND CAPES,

AT PRICES MUCH BELOW OTHRR SHOPS.

HOT WATIM, BOTTLES, 6 x 8 6 x 10 8 x 10 8 x 12

2s lid • 3s 3d 4s 2d 4s lid 6 xl2 13 x 12 8 x 14 10 x 14

3s lid 55 6d 55 6d 65 31 12 x 14 10 x 16 18 x 16 8s 6d

7s 2d

Cs lid

TELE NOTED SHOP KM WATERPROOF LINEN J. E. HUGHES,

36, PAttADISE-STP-kET, LIVERPOOL.

MRS. WALTON'S TEA ROOMS.

REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEAD LANF: PADGATE,

GUNS! GUNS ! ! GUNS !! !

_ The largest and best selection in the North of England ; a perfect fit gtmranteed. All kinds of Ilifiei, Revolvers, Air Guns, and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGES. spotting Cartridges a sp,ciality ; nothing but the best materir's being used. GUNFITTING.

Customers can have their guns procerly fitted at our new rane, Strnley. bpecially ac' Ipted for fitting, with moving targets. &c. All ...?airs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL. SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. PETER eOTTON. ROPE AND TWINE, MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled Oil Sheets, &a., &c.

TENTS and HARQUHRS for Sai or hire, SPORTS, PICNICS, !cc., fitted complete. 6, OfIaTER'F.:-YARD, WINWICK-STILT, i'b`RRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Oct.

k , ,

SPECIAL NOTICE.

With the advent of the New Year, we propose to alcsr the mode of scoring points in the above competition. Points will be awarded as follows Commencing with Problem No. 66 in our issue of January sth 1900. Two for the correct solution, of the Problem, two for correcting the authors' terms, one for showing a dual key clove or a dual solution, and one for showing a dual continuation at any stage of the solution.

For the following intere.iting game and diagram we are indebted to the " Liverpool Alereury." "SINGLE CORNER" OPEWINO.

Mr. ROBERT 3. CLEGG. of Providnnce, R. 1., in sending us this game, says—Variation 145 " Drummond's Second," Kear's Reprint, is about as narrow a line for White as can well be found, in view of he army of variations branching for Black wine. _ _ _

15 12-16 10-15 11-27 1— 5 14-18 18 24-20 19-10 11-18 30-25 11— 7 22 8-12 6-15 7-16 2 6 10-14 .18 27-24 32-28 31-15 2?-18 ,ke ,-11 9-13 16-19 16-20 6-10 29-25 4 8

25-:

2-4-19 23-16 15-11 18- 9 5- 9 12-19 9-14 5-14

26-22 28-2-4 20--16 (a) 26-23 23-19 Drawn, Druromond's Second, Kea.'s Reprint:.

(s) Here 22-17 and 21-17 are given as leading to "'Pack ins, whilst 26-23 appears with a drawn result Continue i-23 by 19-25. 30-23, 7 —lO, 21-19, 15-24, 28-19, rming this position.

[RL&CKI

===== 0002601_18991229_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps tor our 32 page ll;u9trated Book containing valuable information of how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. RecommendPd by eminent Ph7sictans the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never .ails. Thousands of genuine unsolicited Te3timonials from all over the World.—P. BLANCHARD, FOre?,t.:Car, Dalston, London.

THR DURN-RPHY AND STRATI-01ILL DISTILIBRIBS Situated in the finest Whisky-producinz district of Scotlond are the property of W. and A. Gilbey, and the Whisk, made from HOITI• -2rown Barley only. Glen-Spey," 3s. 6.1 and ••Strathmil,." 3e. i.. sod by W. and A. GILBEY a ;eats in every town. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
,

THE EXAMINER FRU) AY. DECEMBER 29, 1899. LEGISLATION IN 1899

NEWS OF TREAktE.

WARRINGTON' LIC A.GUE There have been no matches this week in the ye eague, but according to the fixtures arranged, good few will take place early in January. noubtless the players by that time will have suffi- ciently recovered from the general attacks of biliouaneQs, and other things, usually brought on about Christmas time. We can look forward to some very stiff struggles, both in the Ist and 2nd Division.. It is rather an unfortunate circumstance that the Y.M..C.A. should have been obliged to for- feit 4 points, through being unable to raise a team on two occasions,but of course the rules of the League must be duly recognized by one and all. There should be no partiality either for or against, and we are strongly of the opinion that the League will be much more of a success than it is now, when the Committee decide on the hard and fast rule, that is, should a club be unable to keep their engage-r.ent, no matter what the cause, they be compelled to forfeit the mate,' . f)f course, this will not meet with the approval of all the clubs in the League, but it would have the effect of stopping that postponing which was so prevalent last season among several of the clubs. We feel sure that if the committee adopted a rule to this effect, the benefits accruing therefrom would undoubtedly be felt both in the let and 2nd divisions.

vestries mtnus the women, and plus one new I power, that of attempting to deal with the terrible problem of ovtrcrowding. A slender interest, perhaps, attaches to the future fortunes of the new Borough or City of Westminster. Will it be able by the splendour of its cuisine to rival the Mansion House? But has not Whitechapel her whelks! A rivalry in guzzling may confidently be expected, and an interchange of hospitalities between the mayors of Shoreditch and Rotherhithe ought to lead to gastronomic results. The measure is not one which deserves serious treatment, though it may be regarded by enthusiasts as a step in the right direction.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
IST DWISION TABLE.

- Matches. Gimes. Pts. P. W, L. D. W. L. D. Cairo-street St. Barnsbas 2 1 1 0 9 8 10 2 Penketh r Padgate Warrington 2ND DIVISION TABLE.

MatchPe. Games, Pts. P. W. L. D. W. 1,, D. Cairo-street 2nd 4 4 0 0 37 7 10 8 Golborne-strest 3 1 1 1 11 6 11 3 LAtchto:xi 30302 1 11 0 St. Clements St Luke's *Owing to the Y.M.C.A. Club failing to fulfil their engagements with the Latchford, and Golborne- street Clubs, they have been obliged to forfeit both matches.

The small diagram will enable our readers to understand the notation by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black occupies the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus 11-15 indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so nu mbered.Blaek has the opening move and the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

r. r. ..• a WV- . tilfs.46.. t 2 25 Ogre. itillrE3 ~ .'"' 29 -•, 4:', r4-sigAimiug"?4

===== 0002601_18991229_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR AND VACCINATION.

Discussion at the Police Court.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Tuesday morning, two applications were made by young men for vaccination exemption certificates. The magistrates were Mr. Birchall (in the chair), the Mayor. and Coun- cillors Smethurst and Shaw Green. The applicant in the first ca,,o was Walter James Birch, of Podgate-lane,who, when asked what his conscientious objection was,roplied that ho believed vaccination to be injurious to the health cf a child. Eln had seen children wno had been vaccin- ated who had been very poorly in health in consequence,.

The Mayor: What do you mean by being very poor.y? Applicant: Bad through being vaccinated.

Thc Mayor: For how long? - AppliPant : For a time. Tbm Mayor: You have to satisfy us that you know wh it you are talking about. rho Chairman : It would be a serious matter if we had a serious outbreak of small-polr. The Mayor: Do you kn3w anything about vaccin- ation at all?

Applicant replied that he did not. The Mayor: What are the causes that 10d you to nelieve that vae,cination was injurious to health? How do you know that vaccination was the cause ot children being made poorly? .

Appiicant replied that he bad been told by a medicf man that an abseoss had, been formed by vaccination. ft The Mayor: You are prepared to stand by that stat,)- meat ?

ApplicAnt : Yes sir. The Mayor : And caused its death ? Applicant : Yes. The Mayor: You are'prepared to stand by that ?

Applicant: lam prepared to stand by that? The Chairman: We have no option but to grant the exemption order. Mayor : We have to be satisfied that he is a conscientious objector. The mere statement is not sufficient'. We meat have a statement on evidence. and I protest that most exemption certificates in Warrington arm granted on the most superficial knowlerise. The Chairman : No evirlecce would satisfy some magistrates who have a decided objection to--

--The Mayor: You have no right to make that user- tinn. - - - -

Councilor She we Green It is net sreasonable to dis- cuss the matter so publicly. If we discuss the matter at all, let us do it by oursflves. The Ghairma,n : I know that men ordinarily have too little knowledee of medical questions to be able to put the ease clearly to the Bench. The Mayor : But then Mr. Chairman. an applicant ought to be in a position, when he applie4 for relief in this way, to give reasonable an specific grounds for the belief he has in him, or else he should not aPnIV. We have a numlyr of applications—not many in Warring- ton I am thankful to say—but the bulk come from yonne parents over their first children, as they are afraid the little things will be put to the slightest pain, even for a short period, losing sight altorether of the tremendo.:s good that vaccination does. Lank at the case of Hull. I ,3nnfpee that I have very little sympathy with a lot of this " sentimental objention," it is little less than senti- ment, and not based on any actual knowledge of facts. The experience we gained in Warrington during the smell-pox epidemic, when we lost many valuable lives, and spent thousands of pounds, ought tl satisfy reason- able mon.

Th.- Chairman: It ought to have ben sufficient for the Government.

The Chairman : lam net satisfied that this an knnws what he is talking abut. The Chairman: R has Riven us a case.

Th's Mayor : I don't believe there is a medical man in Warrinfttnn who would make such a fool of himqelf as to make th 3 rematk attributed to him by the appli- cant.

The Chairman : That is rather a strong remark to make.

The Mayor: I don't believe it for a moment. The application was granted by the Chairman, and by Councillors Shaw Green aad Smethure. A similar application was made by Mr. Richard n azel- dine. of 15. Rattt•r3by-lane, who in answer to the Bench said he could not give a special case like that which had just been given by the previona applicant, but he had c4l,lully studied the question long before the Govern- ment took up ita present attitude. Children had suffered from vaccination, and he felt that he ought to do all h. could to prevent any children of his suffering similarly. M. first child was vaccinate, but he was glad to say that not" take." The Mayor : 14 there anything to conipare with loath- someness, in pain Cr in anything olse, bet ween vselin,- tion on the one hand and smallpox on the co her hand ? Applicant : Perhaps not. The Mayor : It is the s %me thing that causes parents to objec.r to isol&tion in fever cases—the same stuoid ignorance. Applicant : But I dog% think that is a parallel case. The Mayor : Exactly.

Some further discugsion of nature follnorwi. the Maror instancing the cage of an able member of Parliament—one of the ableAt Lancashire had ever sent —who was advised to be re vaccinated. He declined, and died in India within a few weeks in consequence of an outbreak of smalloox. Applicant: Have there been no deaths from smallpox evon upon persons who had been vaccinated ?

The Mayor : Very few irdeed. Councillor Shaw Green : If I w(re to exprogs mr own (minion. I should advise you to have your chpci VaCCin- atod, hut with regard to my duty hors as a magistrate I am satisfied that yon have a conseTentious objeeion. The Chai.man made a similar remark, and this appli- cation was also granted.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S A. at the Y.M.C.A.

. _ On Sunday a choral service was held in connec- tion with the P.S.A. Society. The President occu- pied the chair, and the speaker,who gave an admir- shle Christmas address, was Mr. B. Perkins. The items of music we”e :—"For behold" and "The people that walked in darkness," by Mr George E Clay ; "The Star of Bethlehem,' by Miss Mansell ; " Comfort ye" and "Every Valley," by Mr Arthur Griffiths ; "The Two Cities," by Mis F Christian ; and "Nezireth,' by Mr George Gouqh. rach item was well rendered, and Mr Frank ilickoaan.ably accompanied.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BY A. BIRRELL, Q.C., M.P

The nineteenth century rapidly approaches her bitter end. Wh will tie up her chin I nether know nor care. My admiration she has never had, though cheery must be that man's optimism who is persuaded that the twentieth century will be any improvement upon her. My only business is with the Statute Law of her last year, or (for I would avoid controversy) her last year but one. The Statutes 62 and 63 of the Queen make a slim volume—one of the slimmest of the reign. As I turn the pages with a listless eye, occasionally I stumble across a word or phrase reminiscent of a storm in the Par- liamentary tea-cup; but, for the most part, all is peaceful insignificance. Mr. Balfour's notion of a Bill is a short measure, with clauses so constructed as to avoid all known differences of opinion, and to prevent the points really at issue being in order.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HALF-TIM ERS.

The most important Statute of the year was a private member's Bill. This is so unusual a thing that it deserves commemoration. Everybody now knows how, at the -beginning of each session, private members ballot for places for private Bills. The members who draw the first half-dozen places have a chance of getting their Bills considered by the House. The rest may whistle, and let the world go by, for chance they have none. Last session Mr. Robson was the lucky man whose, name was the first to be drawn out of the bag. Here was his chance. What would he do with it? Luckily, the war in South Africa had not broken out, and so Mr. Robson was under no temptation to introduce a Bill for military conscription, or any other proud Imperialistic measure. He was content to stay at home, and espouse the cause of those unhappy youngsters whose hard, unchildish fate it is to divide their time between earning their livings arrd learning their lessons. Tha Act of 1893 had raised the age of total or partial exemp- tion from school-attendance from ten to eleven years; and now appeared the bold Mr. Robson with his ,Bill to clap on another year, and turn the eleven into twelve. What was the attitude of the Government? The poor thing having only a majonity of 150 or so, decided to do nothing, but to leave the House to make up its own mind. Unpopularity is one thing this Government never dare face. Over this year of child-life a furious faction fight arose. Factory owners love child-labour —it is cheap, and easily disciplined. Farmers still mourn over the good old times, when gangs of children, cruelly over-driven, toiled in their fields. Sportsmen find boy-beaters very handy at times. Parents, hard put to it for rent, are not averse to .a weekly con- tribution from their children. Even the Archbishops were somehow concerned in this question. Behind all these interests and powers there loomed large a by no means inconsider- abl3 party in the House of Commons who hate the education of the people, and are aver on the outlook for an opportunity to trip up the cause. Mr. Robson displayed great powers; he talked, and allowed himself to be talked to; he flattered bores, and conciliated inte- rests; he even besought interviews with the Archbishops. He has his reward. On New Year's Day his Bill, already an Act, will become the law of the laud. True it is, he had to make frien3s with the enemy and to accept provisoes which permit the law to be ovei-ridden and set at naught in certain cases. Nevertheless, Mr. Robson did well, and deserves the plaudit of a private member.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDARY EDUCATION.

The other educational measure of the year was a Government Bill after Mr. Balfour's own heart. It is entitled, "An Act to provide for the establishment of a Board of Education for England and Wales for matters connected therewith." The Board it establishes is, indeed, a Marvel. It is to consist of all the Secretaries of State for the time being, the First Lord of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The President of the Council is also to be a member; and, then, to give this party gang an air of indepen- dence, there is to be a President of the Board itself, who, though he is to be appointed by the Prime Minister for the time being, is to hold his office at the pleasure of the Crown. Sir John Gorst is to remain Vice-President of the Council, but he is to be the last Vice-President of the Council. He deserves to be. Never could we hope to see his like again. This impartial and well-informed Board of educational experts is to take the place of the Education Department, and of South Kensington, and of the Charity Com- missioners, except in their purely legal work. How it is to perform these multifarious duties we are not told, nor is a hint given. One has only to read the carefully-constructed and elaborately-designed statutes under which the Charity Commissioneas have hitherto per- formed their useful and difficult work to see how almost impossible it is to fit their pro- visions to an entirely altered state of circum- stances.

More shadowy legislation it is hard to imagine. Nothing is really dealt with. Everything is left to the Executive for the time being. This precious Board may inspect any Secondary school which cares to invite its inspection; and in order to supplement its vast ignorance her Majesty may, in the depth of her compassion, establish a Consultative Committee of Experts for the purpose of framing regulations for a register of teachers, and for advising the Board on any matter referred to it by the Board.

Haphazard legislation of this description is a simple negation by the House of Commons of its responsibilities. The Church party, always uneasy about the future and dreaming of a Radical Board of Education, protested with their accustomed vehemence, but in vain. Sufficient for Mr. Balfour's day is the evil thereof. There is peace in the grave.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON ACT.

This is a measure of unutterable pomposity, and the smallest real significance. However, it contains thirty-five clauses, and calls into some sort of existence nearly as many boroughs; which are to have Mayor i and Aldermen, and Councillors and municipal elections, and two cloaks and everything handsome about them—so far, at least, as nomenclature goes. It is only when you ask what powers are these municipal heroes to wield, wherein do they differ from the vestry- men of old? that you receive your first great shock. Mayors, A ldermen, and Councillors though they be, all that they can do is what the vestries and district boards did before. As Lord Salisbury took pains to point out, these brand-now Corpoptions are only the old

===== 0002601_18991229_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH COITNCILS.

One important measure of the session is an Act which provides that the term of office of a Parish Councillor shall be three years instead of one year, as originally provided by the Act of 1894. The Democracy does not want to exercise its sovereign rights too fre- quently. The thing is apt to become a bore. This is a significant measure. Some day the Democracy will throw away all its toys and insist on real horses instead of rocking ones.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOP SEATS.

This thoughtful measure is associated in one's mind with a characteristic ebullition of the Prime Minister's. Lord Salisbury occasionally does some of his thinking out loud in the House of Lords, and always with start- ing consequences. However, Prime Minister though he be, he had to give way, and now on and after New Year's Day seats behind the counter must be provided, under pecuniary penalties, in all shops or rooms where goods are retailed, for the use of female assistants in the proportion of not less than one seat to every three female assistants in each room.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALL HOUSES.

This is Mr. Chamberlain's measure whereby he seeks to keep faith with the nation, and to redeem his Social Programme. It is a perfectly innocent Act, warranted to alarm nobody. There is nothing compulsory about it, and it helps those who are already well able to help themselves, and it does what Building Societies for the last half century have done in tens of thousands of cases.

, Under the provisions of this beneficent .act of Parliament anybody who is actually resident or intends to reside in a house already built which is not worth £4Ol, may apply to the local authority of the area within which the house is situate for a loan, which in no case can exceed £3OO. The local authority may entertain the application or not as it chooses; but if it does entertain the application, it must see to it that the value of the house is sulficient, that the title is good, that the house is sanitary and in good repair, and that the borrower means to go on living in it. The borrower cannot get rid of the houSe without the permission of the local authority, who, at any time, may enter the premises and satisfy itself that all is well within. The interest on the loan is matter of agreement subject to this, that it must not be more than 10s. above the rate at which the local authority can at the time borrow money from the Public Works Loan Commis. sioners. Needless to add that, if default is made in any of the repayments, the house can be put up for sale or taken possession of by the mortgagee in the old brutal fashion. How this Act is to lighten the lot of labour I cannot imagine. To use Mr. Chamberlain's own characteristic phraseology, the butter is not very thick on this piece of bread. But for all that, the Act may here and there enable a working man to buy his house for & few shillings cheaper than otherwise he would be able to do. FOOD AND DRUGS.

This was really a tremendous measure, con- suming a great deal of time, and provoking by far the most amusing debates of the session. The real dispute was over the question: How far is the manufacture of margarine and margarine.. cheese a lawful industry, and what are the rights of butterS and cheese as against these oleaginous compounds? Butter and cheese, properly so-called, obtain their fatty matter from milk. Margarine gets its fat from animals. So long as things are called by their proper names (and previous legislation had decided that margarine is the proper trade name for the products deriving their fat from animals), one would have thought that people might be left alone to buy what they find bast suited for their palates or their purses. But the buttermen would not hear of this let-alone policy. If they could have got their way, margarine should be coloured blue, green, or pink, so as to distinguish it from butter, instead of being coloured the old familiar yellow. Then again, a good many margarines in the market contain more than 10 per cent. of butter-fat, and, in fact, closely approxi- mate to the true glories of butter. This was shocking. Let butter be butter, and margarine margarine; but a margarine which is one. quarter butter is the worst kind of adultera- tion. To this impassioned reasoning the Government so far yielded as actually to pro- hibit the manufacture of any margarine the fat of which contains more than 10 per cent. of butter-fat. Your butter shall not be mar- garine, and, what is more, your margarine shall not be butter. You must be either Catholic or Protestant, and you cannot be allowed to dilute your Protestant errors with more than 10 per cent. of Catholic truth.

And the parson made it his text that week, and he said likewise, That a lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies, That a lie which is all a lie may be met and fought with outright, But a lie which is half a truth is a harder matter to fight.

However, according to the gospel of Long, margarine may be 10 per cent. butter, but no more. What midsummer madness it all is!

The Act provides, among other things, that the Board of Agriculture may from time to time declare certain standards as to milk, cream, butter or cheese—i.e., may say, for example, bow much water may be put into milk without the milk ceasing to be milk in the opinion, of Mr. Long. Skimmed milk must, on and after New Year's Day, be put into tins bearing a label, clearly visible to the purchaser, on which the words "Skimmed Milk" must be printed in large and legible type. PRIVATE PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND).

This is a pioneer measure of some import-. ice. Its object was to cheapen and simplify the procedure for Scottish, business in what are called local matters. Public authorities, and occasionally private bodies, sometimes require to obtain Parliamentary powers in order to carry out large undertakings. It was hought a hardship, in Scotch cases, that the preliminary inquiries and arguments should be held and delivered in the Committee Booms at We-stminster instead of in bonnie Scotland. It may be doubted whether the Provosts and Bailies are more than half-hearted in this matter. They greatly enjoy themselves in the various hotels In the Northumberland-avenue, when public business has brought them, at the public expense, to Westminster. But the demand for local Inquiries has grown louder and clearer every year for the last quarter of a century. To some extent it has grown with the growing feeling in favour of a com- plete devolution of local Lusiness to an assembly of Scotsmen meeting in Scotland. The details of the Act have no interest for the general public, nor will the amount of business to which they are applicable ever be great. It is enough to say that in certain cases provisional orders are to be permitted instead of Bills, and the public inquiries when necessary are to be held in Scotland, before four Commissioners, to be selected from a parcel of names to be nominated, so far as they are not members of either House of farnament, in tne manner provided for by the Act. These Commissioners will conduct the inquiry in Scotland, and report to the Secretary for Scotland what prclor (if any) _

they think should be made. If there is no further opposition, the order will be submitted to Parliament in a Confirmation Bill. If there is furthur opposition, the matter will be referred to a Joint Committee of both Houses, who may punish unreasonable opposition by awarding costs. This is a useful measure, and may prove significant of more to come.

THE CLERICAL TITHE ACT. This hotly-contested measure occupies very little space in the Statute Book. Like all Mr. Balfour's legislative children, it is a very little one, nor is it destined to live long. It will breathe its last on March 31st, 1901. It seems hardly worth while mentioning 'so mori- bund a trifle. Whilst it lasts, it annually divides some £87,000 of public money among 10,000 of the clergy of the Church of England, in order to remedy an alleged injustice in our rating law.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-4m.i'

===== 0002601_18991229_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS.

Ireland hag succeeded in changing the date for shooting partridges in that distressful country. You may now begin shooting that wild-fowl on September Ist. instead of on the 20th. There has also been establiehed a De- partment of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland, which will, I hope, do much to promote peaceful industries within Irish borders.

The Finance Act was uninteresting, nor do I think there is anything else in the legisla- tive enactments of 1899 demanding notice. I propose to paste on the back of my volume of the Statutes for 1899 a label on which the words "Skimmed Milk" shall be printed in large and legible type. A. BIRRELL.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE WARRINGTON CHILDREN DIE FROM BURNS.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, conducted an in- quiry at the Police Station, on Friday afternoon respecting the death of three young children who died at the Warrington Infirmary on Wednesday, from the effects of severe burns. They are three distinct cases audit is rather remarkable that the vic- tims should have succumbed within a few hours of each other from the same distressing cause:l:he first case inquired into was that relating to the death of Mary O'Neil, aged six years,daughter of John Henry O'Neil, a joiner, residing at 1, Bennett-street, who died at the Infirmary at 5.45 p.m. Deceased brother says that when be and his sister saw their mother leave the house they returned and deceased got a piece of paper and commenced to play with the fire and her clothes became ignited —The jury next considered the case of Nellie Hardy, daughter of Edward Hardy, station- ary engine driver, Hatton' farm cottage, Hallam, WllO died at 11.50 p.m. on Wednesday at the Infir- mary. The mother of deceased was washing clothes at about 3.30 p.m. on the Wednesday and she had occasion to leave the house to go and draw water from the well. Immediately after she heard screams and saw deceased by the garden gate with her clothing in flames. The child told her mother that she was in the act of looking at the clothes boiling in the washing boiler and her dress became ignited by the fire.—The concluding case inquired into related to the death of Martha Ann Beddard, aged two years, daughter of Richard Beddard, general labourer, 23, Barnard- street, Warrington, who died at the Infirmary at 6.15 p.m. on Wednesday. It appears that at 1.15 p.m. on Wednesday, November 29th. deceased's mother went out to the back to hang some clothes , on the line, leaving the child and two others in the I kitchen alone. he remained out about 15 minutes but in the meantime the sister of deceased went into the house and found the child in flames.—The jury returued a verdict of "Accidental Death." but in the last named ease,the mother was reprimanded by the Coroner for leaving the children for such a length of time alone, seeing that she could have left them in charge of her eldest daughter if she had seat for her from across the road.

Wesleyan Church. Latchford. On Christmas Eve Mr 8 B ttinger conducted the service at the Latchford Wesleyan C;.turch. he alluded to Cromwell's statue in bronze at BridgP- foot, and said that he and other great men did much to make England famous. The singing was most enjoyable. The choir gave two carols in good taste entitled "The Star of Bethlehem," and " Cnristma- bells are ringing." At the close the conaregatiou sang "Intercession for those at sea." Mr. Ford pre- sided at the organ. Sacred Heart Schools.—Annual Ball.

The annual ball in aid of tile funds of the Sacred Heart Schools took place at the Gymnasium on Tuesday evening. There were about 150 couples present. Music for the dancing was supplied by Mr. Barton's string band,and the decorations,which were very tasteful, bad,been carried out by Mr. R. Johnson, of Bridge-street, Mrs Battersby, Mrs Traynor, Mrs Gately, and the Misses M Bellian, A Battersby and M Battersby, had charge of the re- freshment department. Messrs Gibbins and G New- ton officiated as M.C.'s. The arrangements which were admirably carried out, were in the hands of Messrs Gibbins, Maginn, G Coggin% Marsh and G Newton. The hon, secretary was Mr JJohnson. The Mayor (Alderman Roberts) was present at the opening of the dance.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
.4 ~.. ir...so. ti.'t . • , hr'l7.-4 '...',1 ii ,473,. 44 p.- 171". A. r,i;„ .rd .-•,,, ,-,.ii • . , k,4 "4 1/ i:!'t ..., r- N „ t,.. i 4• .. ..•„, ' . .',:.,, .., -,3 , !,,-, ,4 k ‘:- .7,, t, ~1 t•.- \4';')..' ' ii, v ..„, tr-L; ;..511" -.-, ~. nk ..: :-. . ;34 ,r, L.A. 4,, ~. 44...,..... ~ 11 ,- b .r.•• tit, Yf it., ,4 i ,N , • • ,- ,t, gA, ~ ' • • V,;.;4V , 1 I,' • A ...., t....., , ~,,.

,c.4i

Tg=IE,TETt

..:, The Best Tooth Fowdor. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves ' the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by t Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND ez SONS, Hatton Garden, r London.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18991229_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING THE NEW YEAR

YOUR FRIENDS WOULD LIKE BROOKE, BONDS' TEA.

BECIVSE:IT IS THE TEI THAT THEIR MOTHPES AND GRANDMOTHERS HAD SUCH PLEASURE irr DHLNICING IN THE DAYS GONE Br; the Tea that was drank on high days and holidays; the Tea, in fact, that was always used when entertaining an honoured guest. This Tea you have now the Opportunity of purchasing,

BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD., have had specially packed in highly artistic c %-i!sters some of their Choicest Teas. You may get, a 1-ito canister of tea for 1/7, 1/11. & 2/3: a 3-lb. canicter for 4/6, 5/6, & 6/6; and a 6-Ib. canister for 8/3, 10/3, and 12/8, the carriage or postne being paid on all parcels of 3-lb. and upwards.

For Parochial Distribution and

for Charities.

Tea is picked in one ounee packets at 11-d„ and ia two ounce packets at 3d. each.

BROOKE, BONDS' AGENTS EVERYWHERE SELL THE SAME TEA

Irrrae'iata attent'On given to all orders and

enqu:ries.

FOR NEW YEAR GIFTS

===== 0002601_18991229_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND & CO.,

LIMITED.

Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People,

TITS LANCA.SHIRT TE & WAREHOUSES s 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG INIILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

AND AT LEEDS. BRLDFORD AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
PATRIOTIC CONCERT IN PARR HALL.

The success which attended the patriotic concert in Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday evening was tempered by a smaller attendance than was perhaps to be anticipated at a time when patriotism is so pronounced. The proceeds were in aid of the Mayor's War Relief Fand and such a worthy object warranted a larger attendance. An excellent pro- gramme had been arranged and a most enjoy able concert was given. The leading vocalists were Miss Annie Bell (soprano), Miss Maggie Thomas (contralto), and Mr. Arthur Weber (bass). "The Swallows" (Cowen), and" II Baccio " (Arditi) were the two songs interpreted by Mies Bell but neither can be considered very suitable for a " patriotio " concert. It is, however, only fair to state that Miss Bell's singing was greatly appre- ciated, her cultured voice being heard to dia. tinct advantage in both songs. Miss Thomas's two songs were "The Minstrel Boy " and "Eileen Allanah "in both of which she gained successes. Mr. Arthur Weber has on previous occasions eetab• lished himself in the favour of Warrington audie ences and on Saturday he fully maintained the re- putation he has gained. His songs were well chosen for the occasion and found a responsive chord in his audience. Complying with, a recall for his singing of" Oar Empire's Glory" he contributed "Where are the boys of the Old :Brigade?" A new song on the Boer ultimatum also proved very popu- lar with the audience, and as an encore was demanded be gave "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep." His concluding song was "Soldiers of the Queen" which was given with characteristic power and expression. Miss Backsheen Wood has delighted Warrington audiences on previous occasions by her tasteful and musicianly execution on the violin. Her per- formance on Saturday further enhanced heiereputa- don. She was twice encored; her interpretation of "Gipsy Dances." and "The Butterfly " being ex- tremely clever. Responding to the enthusiastic applause of the audience she played " Romance in C" composed by Mr. Leslie Harrie,who accompanied her on the piano during this piece. In his role of humorist Mr. Leslie Harris was a host in himself land kept the house in r •.rs of laughter with his humorous selection, and recitals. The eEolian glee party composed of four local vocalists sang sever. , glees, exceedingly well, the hest of the evening 1, ing "Home sweet Home." The) [Stockton Heath Ceeral Sacioty under the eonduc- torship of Mr. J. %1 Muir, A.R.C.0., also sang glees, madrigals, and car ele in a vary creditable manner. "The Banks o' doon " arranged by Mr. J. M. Muir, was especially well sung, and the audience showed their appreciation in an emphatic manner. Mrs. Wills Harper, the dramatic reciter, had been adver- tised as one of the artistes, but she was unable to attend owing to indisposition, and at the last moment her place was taken by Miss Kate Beesley. She recited " Ordered to the Front," " Kruger's New Year Party " and "The Absent-Minded Beggar" in her usually acceptable manner. , Dur- ing her enunciation of Kipling's patriotic verse a collection was taken on behalf of the Mayor's fund. The onerous duties of accompanist were discharged by Mr. W. H Payton, Mus. Bac. During an interval in the programme, the Mayor said he had been asked to suggest to the audience that a hearty vote of thinks should be accorded to e friends who had taken part in the concert whicla had been given, and it gave him great pleasure to submit a resolution to that effect, especially as the artistes were practically giving their services. A considersble portion of the printing had been done withent cost, and also the advertising. (Applause). Mr. E.L Jones who had got up the concert,had been put to a great deal of trouble, and he should be in- cluded in that comprehensive vote of thanks. (Hear bear.) That was the second concert which had been held during the week fear a similar purpose— for the help of the wives and dependents of rever- lets ; and while suhniitting the vote of thanks he should like to include in it the name of Mr. Percy Randall, who got up the concert held a few nights ego, and which was the means of raising a con- siderable sum of money. When he told them that at the present time there were 197 dependents en the fund they would agree with him that they would nee4 all the money that could be raised be- fore the war was over. It was their duty as well as their pleasure to acknowledge and encourage these voluntary efforts. (Applause.) The resolution was put to the meeting and heartily agreed to. FRER TO ItHRUMA.TIO AND PARALYTIC _ .

SUFFERERS, an Iliustrated Book on the complete horn Cure cf these Diseases, profane by F. W. Cole. OLD., who regards the air hor as the highest authority. Send stump for book to the VENO INSTITUTE, 18, Devonshire-street, Man-- cheater.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

•

-

t , • •

===== 0002601_18991229_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
E:1)i 44 Oraminer" An.r:cs

THE Wayrington and drid-Cheskire Examiner, pub- s lisheA every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. ri4B.g Rt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday I Afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning. THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning'

PIMPAID ADVERTISBNIECNTB. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. la ....... Os la 3d ... Es Od 27 33 45 ls 8d ... 3e 8d ... 88 Od

===== 0002601_18991229_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ElomrStit OtrhantiS, Ztr.

WANTED a General SERVANT. 18 to 24 ; family four.— 24, LEYLAND-BoAD. Southport.

WANTED, gocd GENERAL, 20 to 25.—Apply GREEN.. FIELD ROUSE. Enfield-street, Pemberton, Wigan.

WANTED, immediately, good SERVANTS, all elapses ladles gniekly suited. Stamp for reply.--Piliss PAR SONS, Registry, Whitchurob, Salop.

NVANTBD, GENERAL or working HOUSEKEEPER ; two in family ; vrashiug arranged; £l4 to £l6 ; place of trust.—Mrs. BEACH, Mayfiell Cottage. Macclesfield.:

WANTSD, NURSE, xperieneed for baby and young dill& Protestant and abstainer ; also good General, good personal reference.--Mrs. RANDALL, 67, Marsiand-road Sale. WANTED, superior GENERAL SERVANT, for a small V' family ; good wages, and a eomforfable hquie.—Apply by letter first.—Mrs. KNIGHT. Riyersdale, Telegraph-road. Ifeswall.

WANTED immediately three good COOKS, six G.nerals, Kitchen Maiiis. Housemaids, Barmaids, Waitresses. Parlourmaids.—Apply at once Mrs. HARDCASTLE, Grosvenor Chambers, Chester. 'W ANTE!). smart GENERAL; age 13 to 30; good character ; good home and wages ;will be required to assist ix shop ; small family washing done at home.— THOMAS, 1, Watt-st., Church-st., Harpurhey, Manchester.

------ TALE and FIWALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope £.!l street. Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage. apply or telegrtph.—** Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone 670

===== 0002601_18991229_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
iiru: amteb.

WAR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1348 or earlier. 1392 or Liter ; also last Arctic; 2?. each gtven.—M&7ol TOMBS •Droitwich.

WANTED, Clogger's SEATSMAN, used to old tops.-237, SMITTIDoWN-LLNE, five minutes walk from Edge Hill Station, Liverpool.

rrOBACCONP,T3 Commencing, —See lild. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Enston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. AlyEns.

IRMINGH M GOODS, Furniture, Bassinettes. .1.) Wringers, Toys, Hardware Jewellery, Watches, Icc, AGENTS WANTED. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
4CO bz tzt.

PENEETH.—Cottagee 4e. Od., 3s. Bd. and Zs. Bd. per week ?dILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. 33, BODGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse ecc., principal position in town. rent moderate. CATHERINE STREET (near Bewsey Road, 6 roomed house, decorated, rent 4e 3d per week. , Ipply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wax rington. Telephone—No 55. PO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE . rents 4s. Apply .1 WOODS & Sox. solicitors. Horsemarket-st., Warring-

ton. TLBS—LARGIi ROOM, Orford-street; rent £2o. 1. Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. TIOLAOHrOOL.—ReIiabIe Apartments, with board or with- out.—Mrs. J UNSWORTH, 54, Dickson-road, N. Shore; nr. station and sea. MO LET, SHOP and HOUSE, 55. Bewsey-street, Warring- -li_ ton ; snit grocer &c. Immediate possession.—Apply SKELLAND. 63, Bewsey-street npo LET HOUSE and SHOP Winwick-road,Orford, 8s clear J. good connecti9n with average turnover of £lB a week. —Apply A. W. HOWARD, Kendrick-street. Warrington.

Ir UOMPETITIOI KEY," PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY, PRICE ONN PENNY. OM £l5O IN PRIZES. CONT SINS : SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appearing in the principal weekly periodicals, Great Football Competition, Unique Colossal krize Scheme, Graph- ology Column by •• Zola." TERMS OP SUBSCRIPTION :_Single Copies, Post Free,2d.; One Month, 61. ; three months (12 numbers), 18. "THE ABSRNT-MINDED BEGGAR." A copy of the" Daily Mail" Fine Art Souvenir Edition of Mr. Kipling's National Poem will ba presented to every six-months' subscriber. PUBLISHERS : CAMPBELL AND SON, STANLEY CHAMBERS, LEICESTER. , For nearly 20 Years

DR. DANIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Anamia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. . Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression. Weakness. Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, nd., Is. lid., 2s. 9d and 4s. 6.5. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Da. DAVIS, 309, Portthello-road, Notting Hill. London.

" FOR WIELAI " THE HAIR. A LUXURY FOR TUE TOILET. It Is the best Dressing and renders the Hair beautifully soft and glossy. Post free under cover 12 stamps or P.O. Item Sole Agents : J. MILLER St CO., 14, TOURNAY-ROND, FULHAM, LONDON.

BERESFORD, LATH LEE AND BURMAN. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, OF MILITARY AND LADIES' HAIR BRUSHES, IN IVORY. SILVER, AND EBONY. TRAVELLING AND DRESSING BAGS, • OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. DRESSING. LETTER WRITING, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE CASES. LADIES' HANDBAGS, PURSES, IN ALL NEWEST SHADES, AND WITH GOLD AND SILVER MOUNT. - BUY FROM THE MANUFACTURERS YOUR • SILVER BRUSHES AND MIRRORS AT UNAPPROACHABLE PRICES. 77, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLER' •

S.P.Q.R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! BAIRD'S lALIOIJS AND LIVER PILLS. POE SICK HEADACHE, BILIOuSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY. SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When In doubt, take a 13eird's Pill. Price le, lid. Sold by

PETER RIGBY BUILDBR. CONTRACTOR, AND PRACTICAL CHIMNEY JACK, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON AND BLLESNIBRE PORT.

Well and substantially built BOUM ON SAL in and lit of town to pay seven and eight per cent.

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, OR ;SPECTACLES AND FANOZ GOODS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN.

CIIIILBL&INS Positively Cured in a Few IfJurs. Infall- ible remedy. never known to fail. Marvellous and in- stantaneous relief to those afflicted with Chilblains, Rheumatism, Burns, Chapped Hands, etc.. Is. 64., post free to any address, from THE CIIILBA.LINE Co., 4, Duke-street' Charing Cross. London.

rllO BE SOLD..----iarnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address j. HoeNING, 16. Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a 1 Quantity of Good GOVEKNBIENT GOODS, 1-asse4 out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. by 3ft. Light Waterproof Sheets. 61t. by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark City Wat.rproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large. Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-leather Hoadstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strsp Good Alt-wool Rugs. 4lb weight, 71t, by 6ft... 2 6 Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 461 n. by 42ia 3 0 White Rubber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 461 n. by 421 n 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets. lift, by 511 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Sureingles with Rollers Tarpau!in Covers, made up to any size, Is. per square yard, with lashing. Any 6f the above carriage paid to your home, from H. 3' G}ASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

iiQaiMIM

DIAN() by Broadwoon .n. 4 nous, rosewood case, ivory keys suitable for school, cottage, or mission room, £2O or upon th, easy payment system £2l. WILLIAM, LEA, 50 s.ND 52, CHURCH-STREET.

GEDDES DAN DELI U N COFFIiE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

===== 0002601_18991229_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_18991229_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE .E X .A., 1.1 I Iv: E i-L FRI DA. V. DECEMBEII, 29, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHY. EXAMINER OFFICE,

JAM ES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE_ SLATFHTERER, ALLEN-STREET

WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.)

The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, Bm. ren..oved any distance up to 15 miles on

the shoitest notice.

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FL POWDIMY CONDITION

Always on 11-and. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. OLAIJQHTRIL YAIID, LONC}FORD,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. . 1 .

4

===== 0002601_18991229_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SECORR A COPY OF COOPER AND CO'S SPECIAL CHRISTMAS LIST

CAKES, SHORTBREAD, BISCUITS (in Fancy Tins) CHOCOLATES, &c., COSAQUES (C:ackers), DRIED FRUITS Szc., TEAS (in Decorated Tins), CHRISTMAS HAMPERS, AND OTHER SEASONABLE NOVELTIES.

Now HEADY. FREE ON APPLICATION.

LOCAL BRANCH, 4, BUTT.ERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

• THE organisation of the Criticism of the ;2 W War Office. ar Office is sure to he %ex- posed to a large amouat of pungent criticism at the present time. Disaster quickens criticism, and there are so many differ- ences between theories of preparation and the actual facts,. it is, so easy to be aftervvise, it seems so necessary to say something disrespectful of somebody just now and we are all so suspicious,. because]: our sanguine forecasts have not been realised, that there is considerable danger of our being unfair alike to &Department and to persons, within and without it. Questions are being raised about mules and transport which illustrate the first point suggested. It would be regarded as impolitic and profligate to incur large expendi- ture •to make everything ready for war, store it, and provide for its immediate use the moment it was wanted. Here the War Office and the taxpayers are in agreement. Had mules been actually bought six months ago, there would have been an outcry, and the same may be said as to waggons. For years individual members of Parliament have been suggesting more horses for the cavalry and artillery, and neither the War Minister nor the public has been sympa thetic. When it has been thought judicious to store materials they have nearly always suffered in the process. A story about strks of helmets with rats eating through them, has reached us from a source which entitles it to be accepted. We know that small arm ammunition suffers by keep- ing, and we hardly suppose that any War Depart- ment in Europe keeps on hand a stock of live shells greater than if required for present use, with a small reserve to meet suddenly arising events. The power to expeditiously meet emergencies is what we have a right to demand from the War Office. But we fear that the War Office has seldom been fully alive to. the circumstances of the time, and prepared for the real strain which actual war invariably imposes. It is always caught with good plans on paper and rudimentary arrangements to carry them out. A good deal of the blame for this rests on Parliament and the country, and on the readiness with which we be- lieve in persons rather than in system. We have capacity in abundance, but it is seldom put to the best use. Whenever a crisis comes we have to rescue the army from a muddle of some sort. It is partly our own fault. Sleepinesa and credulity come over us every time we have made a small change, and it is usually so costly that we hesitate about again entering upon the path of reform. Nor can we omit frem our consideration the fact that military men are not professionally disposed to be ardent reformers, eager to adopt new inventions and masters of the business arts of organisation Some of them, however, do so well in industrial , undertakings that they ought to be alai() to perfect our military arrangements. In a won, we cannot hold the War Office to blame for more than its ignorance and its want of preparation when war was getting nearer. We may charge the Govern- ment generally with much that has made the South African campaign a series of blunders. But we must not forget that the War Office and the Government of the day are what we make them and that the country must accept some share of their responsibility for ineffective measures and imperfect organisation. It is always ready to pay more when it is being wisely advised. It will now have to become severe, attentive, and exacting.

EVRRY now and then some. Government Without Party. political prophet arises. who proclaims that we shall soon be able to dispense with government by party, as we have abandoned other hurtful methods in politics. It is pleasant to listen to these • predictions, and to dream of the coming time. But when we come to details :we discover that matters are not so pleasant, and that we may have the same thing under another name. Lord KELVIN has been declaring, in Scotland, that the next century will see the end of our party system. We are to substitute for it a perpetual coalition of eminent men, in whom the country has liontidence, and whenever the individual Ministers do badly we are to get rid of them, without such a revolu- tion as is involved in the dismissal of one Ministry and the formation of another. How such a system would work we can readily see. If the present Colonial Secretary were treated on the KELVIN plan he would •be invited to retire. Would the House of Commons vote his retire- ment just now ? And if not, be would have to remain until the electors were consulted. This would mean an election on a personal issue, and just as much turmoil as would be created by an ordinary party election, unless we endowed a Ministry with the power to get ri:l of a colleague, or placed that power in the hand of the S wereign —a still more dangerous step. Under our present plan wa have, in the main, a one-man system. The country expresses its confidenc3 in Lord Sa.rds- BLRY, say, or in somebody else, and he forms a Ministry. Is it conceivable that fifty years hence some person, then of equal note, would at once proceed to invite an eminent man from the other

===== 0002601_18991229_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
-side to join his Cabinet because he was well versed in foreign affairs, in army or navy administration, a sound financier, or an excellent maa for Lord Chancellor? Or is it conceivable that we should conseut to elcct a Cabinet by plebiscite, and that such men would be selected as were popularly ad- judged to be best for special offices and received the largest number of votes? A Government so created could not have a common policy, and there would be some friction in consequence. How would a successor be appointed? The House of Commons might ballot for a successor, or the country might have a vote upon the point. The first plan would be speedy, the second would be tedious and costly. Taere is another method. The country might give a decision on the several points of a pragrarame, and then a cabinet might be formed to carry it out. M.P.'s against the programme would become the Opposition, and government by party would return. We cannot get rid of the opposingideas which govern politics. Mr. J. S. Raz defined the two leading ideas a- s -"permanence and progression." They are at present, if somewhat roughly, the governing ideas of the Conservative and Liberal party. The old and the new are always jostling together, ani the desire, to preserve the foraier and develop the lat- ter is eternal in the human mind. In Turkey and China there is no party system, because new ideas are unwelcome and suppressed. Lord KELVIN'S -type of non-party government can hardly be de- rived from either of these States. It is a dream and our nearest approach to it will be the effort to attain a more general agreement upon all great subjects.

Pantomime appears to retain the strong posi- tion it has won for itself in the theatrical world, though its taste, usefulness and historicContinnity have all been bitterly attacked by serious minded people who are for ever in the dise:ials over what they term the prostitution of the theatre. Much of the so-called" fun" is, of course, difficult to defend. It is not so much fun as vulgarity, and it springs in part from the adoption for the time being of music-hall manners as well as music hall stars. Pantomime has also lost the old significance. It is no longer a stage presentment of a fairy tale,to which children might fairly clamour to go. Modern pantomime is intended not for the children, but to feed that demand for liberty and licence which is customary at the time of year. Only in one respect is modern pantomime linked with the old. It deals with old stories, and apparently cannot exist without them. In London, for instance, there were no less than five "Dick Whittingtons ' and three "Babes in the Wood" presented for the entertainment of Boxing Day revellers. It is not that pantomime authors suffer from paucity of invention, but that the public, dimly remembering old traditions, looks with suspicion upon new stories, and will not support them:

The experiences of the present season prove that the vogue ef sending Christmas and New Year cards is passing. There was a time, but a few years back, when each card was selected to express a particular sentiment for the pers)n to whom it was sent, and in that way the custom, as applicable to persons of all ages, seemed nothing more or less than a huge development of the valentine practice. After this, as every family increased the circle of exchanges and so found selection tiring, came the special card with an original expression of good will, indicative at least of the individuality of the sender. Next came the printed card of general pattern bought at the shops, only the name and address to be inserted at so much per hundred copies by the printer. Afterwards some few people remembered that such matter fall within the circular rates of the General Post Office, and leaving the envelope open affixed only the half- penny stamp. Other people, having many acquaintances, and wishing to keep in touch with them all, gave an address hook to a clerk, and the "circular" notion was complete. Last stage of all some public persons this year are advertising in the daily newspapers their regard for their friends as a whole. On the presumption they have no enemies this message must be taken as to mankind. Who can value such a communal display of good will Surely the money could be better spent on a practical benevolent object.

Amidst all war's alarms the twenty :or thirty thousand soldiers in General Buller's camp at Chieveley enjoyed their Christmas day right royally. The noar presence of the enemy, the re- cent defeat, the slain and wounded comrades were all temporarily forgotten in feastings and merry- makings such as only " Tommy " knows how to organise and enjoy. There was no "spectre at the feast " ; cavalry, infantry, gunners,and men of the Army Service Corps vied with each other in their gaiety and good-fellowship. Correspon- dents tell us that" many of the menus were quite elaborate, and included soups a la Colenso,salmon Ala Tugela, entrees a la Ladysmith and a la Grobler's Kloof, joint a la trek ox, John Bull puddings, and lydditte mince-pies; whilst the fruits, sweets, and wines afforded capital oppor- tunity for witticisms." We are sure that the gallant army must have been immensely benefited by the brief relaxation from arduous duty, privation, and danger. With Christian for- bearance the British gave the Boers a rest and the famous 4.7 zuwal guns ceased hurling shot and shell. The followina day saw a reversion to the more serious business of the campaign, and in order to impress more clearly on the enemy the sacredness of Christmas Day, a Christmas box of one hundred deadly shells was distributed among them. No doubt they appreciated the gift as much as they did the re- laxation of the previous twenty-four hours.

Warrington is certainly bearing its full share of the responsibilities and anxieties connected with the war in South Africa. A large number of War- rington men are already at the front and in a day or two we may expect to hear that the South Lan- cashires who had such an enthusiastic send-off from Warrington, have reinforced General Bailer in Natal. The recent embodiment of the Militia has also *drawn a number of men from Warring- ton and the decision to call but the remainder of the reservists will result in a further drain upon the resources of the town in this direction. On Friday it was announced that at least five mere policemen in the Borough had been recalled to the colours and it may be taken for granted that there are many other reservists in the town wtio will have to cease their employ- ment and answer to the call of duty in the field. There is also the possibility that the patriotic offer of our local volunteers for service in South Africa will be accepted by the War Office.. When the offer was .made in September last there seemed little possibility that the services of Volunteers would be required but a great deal has happened since then and if it is the privilege of the Volunteers to serve their country at the front we have little doubt but that they will render a good account of themselves and reflect credit on the town which has for so long been proud of its local defenders.

Up to the present the Warrington men at the front have fortunately escaped being slain. There are several, however, lying in hospital suffering from wounds, and with such a direct and personal i interest n the campaign it is only natural that the thoughts of many are turned in that direction and that their prayers are offered for the safety of their friends. It is a source of gratification that Warrington has not orilv coLtributed soldiers but also men whose duty it is to care for the sick and wounded. Last week another Warrington ambulance man departed for the front as an hospital orderly, and in this work of mercy he will have the sym- pathy of his fellow townbmen. Warrington is not only showing its loyalty by sending out men but also in remembering those who have gone and the dependents they have left behind. The ladies of Warrington are to be congratulated upon res- ponding so readily to the appeal to provide a Xmas gift of woollen clothing for the local regiment ,(the

===== 0002601_18991229_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Ist South Lancashire) now on service in South Africa. The ideais to despatch beforethe 10th of January next parcels ot clothing, consisting of socks, Balaclava caps, and khaki jerseys—all use- ful articles—for our local soldiers and it may be safely anticipated that the presents will come as an agreeable surprise to the recipients and serve to remind them that they have not been forgotten by those at home. The Mayor's war fund for the help of reservists wives and families,we are glad to see,has reached a handsome total. Many additional cases will be included in the committee's relief list and as the war is likely to last some considerable time it is absolutely necessary that the tide of subscriptions should continue to flow and not to ebb as it shows signs of doing.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS. EXTRA.ORDINARY SHOCESi in th 3 TREA.TMENT of DISEASES of the EYE. Without Operation, by WM. MELLOR, Rye Specialist. The only specialist in ngland that will Guarantee to Care every ease he undertakes. Gold Medals awarded for Restoring the Sight to the Blind. Book, with cases of cures. Free by Post. Note my only Address :-283, OXFORD-STREET. MANCHESTER. Hours :—9 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9. Closed Fridays and Sundays. .

===== 0002601_18991229_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB. History of the Club.

Although the Warrington Football Club cannot boast of any great antiquity, especially when compared with some other clubs whose careers we have already traced, the organisation has of recent years played a very prominent part in the Rugby Union and Northern Union world. Members of the club boast that it was through Warrington that tho Northern Union was inaugurated. Mr. J. E. Warren, the late secretary of the club, was really the pioneer of the new union, and. upon his retire- ment last season he was presented with a gold watch by the Northern Union, after the last match between Lancadaire and Yorkshire, as a token of the high appreciation in _ which he is held by Rugby footballers in general and members of the Norteern Union in particular. During the club's association with the Northern Union, which of course dates from the commencement of the latter, its greatest feat has been reaching the semi-final stage of the Northern Union Cup competition in the first year of its inauguration. On that occasion they were defeated by Batley at Huddersfield, on a miserable day for football. As regards the Lancashire competition, Warrington have always occupied about the fifth or sixth pesition. Prior to this season the club always could boast of playing an entirely locally-born fifteen. but, with the migration of the junior players to other clubs in the Lancashire district, the committee have been obliged to go outside the town for players, with the result that the condition of the club at the present time is far in advance of that which it has occupied for the last three seasons. Before passing to the early history of football in Warrington, it should be added that the town club in MEI won the Lancashire and Border Towns' Cup in the first year of its inauguration. At present the club boasts of a mrm- berahip of about five hundred, and is in a most flourish- ing condition. So much for the recent history of foot- ball in Warrington, which is too well known to need of further mention here. The early career of Rugby foot- ball in the town is not so well remembered, although probably of even greater interest. EARLY HISTORY.

The Warrington Football Club was formed in the year 1875, bat never attained any ereat proficiency until an amalgamation was arranged with the Padgate Excelsior Club, a young but rising club, which for some time was looked down upon by the premier organisations. Ulti- mately, however, matches were arranged between the rival clubs, which resulted in a decisive victory for the juniors. The Warrington Club were so discredited by their defeat that they wereklad to treat with their rivals, and as the funds of both clubs were about as low as they could be the terms of amalgamation were easily settled. Tho majority of the most prominent players of the now defunct Latchford Club also threw in their lot wila the cembined teams, and this may be said to have been the stepping-stone to the conspinious position since filled by Warrington. But the real commencement of their prosperity dates from 1884, when the Warring- ton Wanderers and S. Elphin'e Clubs joined hands, owing to the difficulsy of these organisations in securing suitable fields. The infusion of so much new blood into the team soon had a beneficial result, victory after victory crowning their efforts, and at the end of their first searon they had won seventeen matches out of the twenty-four played, lest but two, while five had been drawn. In addition the financial standing of the club improved, and their supporters increased in numbers. Negotiations, too, were entered into for a new enclosure and for the past ten years or so they have possessed one of the best Rugby football grounds in tha country. The doings of the club for the eight seasons prior to the formation of the Northern Union were as follows :

Season. Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. 1887-38 1888-89 1889-90 1899-91 - - "... 1891-92 1891-93 ...... 35 1893-94 ...... 42 ..... 30 1894-95 ..... 38 THE NORTHERN UNION.

Angust, 1895, the Warrington committee decided to join with twenty-one other club; in Lancashire and Yorkshire in forming the Union which was afterwards called the Northern Rugby Football Union. An unfor tunate dispute with the first team of players almost at the commencement of the sason deprived the club of ten of the usual players, and had much to do with the partial non-success of the team before Christmas. Up to that time only five matches had been won, but with the New Year 'came the turn of the tide. Experience began to have its effect on the team, and of the twenty- three remaining matches only eight were lost ; the final result being, forty-two matches played. seventeen won, twenty lost, and five drawn. Tak'ng into con- sideratinn the quality of the clubs which were engaged—the most formidable list of fixtures the War- rington Club has ever had to face—this result was were favourable. Last season Warrington played thirty-eix matches, winning seventeen, loing eighteen, an 4 draw- ing one, as compared with sevonteen Tyne, corent,,rn lest, and two drawn for the season'lB97-93. In the League table they again figured ninth with twenty-three. points against twenty-tw, for the previous season. THE PLAYERS.

Many county players have been selected from the ranks of the Warrington CTui, perhaps the most notable of which is the present eapt,in. J Bate, better known as "Smack." Bo cow, the custodian, played under Rugby Union roles for the County Palatine ; while Barber, who was injured at Oldham two years ago, also earned honours under the Northern Union rules. Mirrison and Dakin,of the forwards, are also players who have greltly distinguished themselves. Of the old players the most famous is " Fair" Turnr. He nap- tamed the club in 1884 and again in 1890. In 1887 he was rewarded with county honours, and for many seasons he was one of the most brilliant forwards in Lancashire. Respenting his scoring powers, he held the lead in the forwards for a number of seasons, while in one match he scored the large number of nine tries. Turner, in his day, was one of the best all-round athletes in the North of England. In the competition promoted by the National Physical Recreatioa Society he won the champion shield fer physique. As a swimmer he was much above the average. Few men have done as much for Rugby football in Warrington as has Mr J E Warren, the late secretary. A capable athlete.' be assisted the defunct Padgate Club before it amalgama- ted wish Warrington. He was then elected captain of the latter organisation, and as a criterion of his pray it may be said that he scored more tries during the reason than all the other players together, his position being half back. The present secretary is Mr H Ashton, also an old player and captain of Warrington.—From the " Golden Penny."

WANTED immediately. good GBNERAL. bake. wash, V V sm‘li family; good wage.—SINGLETON, 557, Mao. chester-roa3, Bradford.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ti

===== 0002601_18991229_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

LECTURE ON CROMWELL. The Rev. J. o.3borue, B.A.,•under the aLspicgs of the Runcorn Free Church Council delivered a lecture on "Oliver Cromwell" at the Bethesda S :hoolroom ou Wednesday Right. There was but & fair attendance. A REscrtE. About 6 o'clock on Tuesday merning. Thanaas D. Cooke, a lockruan at Runcorn D)cks, otHerved move- ments in the tidal basin as though a man were struggling in difficulties. Be cast the end of a rope to the man, who after much difficulty seized it, and he was brought ashore. He proved to be a Norwegian sailor, but his name did not transpire. He appeared little the woree for his accidental dip. PROTECTING SEAMEN AT RUNCORN. _

:;he Runcorn Police Court, last Friday, before ?Jr. F. Wiswall, Nis Nielson and Levold Saiormyer, Nor- wegian sailors, were charged wtth lying drunk in High- street on Thursday evening.—P.C. Wilrn said he found the prisoners drunk, and in possession of new boots and other articles, which they had evidently ourchasea in the town. He locged them up for sat ety.—The men were each finei 24., ed., which they paid. PRESENTATION TO Mn. NANCOLLTS.

The members of the Brunswick Sunday School Young Men's Class on Tuesday night spent a plo.asant evon?nst, in song games and banquet, during . whiel Mr. W. Leathwood, on behalf of the members of the class, pr.,- sented Mr, J. Nancollia (the late class leader) with a valuable clock as a mark of esteem • and regard. Mr. Nancollis. it will be remembered, left some short time ago for Northwich, where he now manages a temper- ance hotel. BAZAAR AT WESTON.

A successful bazaar,having for its object the Purchaie of a new heating apparatus far the Wesleyan Chapel of that place was held on Wednesday night in the school- room. In the unavoidable absence of Mr. J. Somerville. of Wallenhall; Mr. James Ball opened the bazaar, and expressed-the Sympathy they all felt fcr Mr. Somerville in the iliAsess Which had so suddenly prevented his at- tendarice.4The sales realised £4o.—Cre.lit for the suc- cess of the venture was due to the Rev. J. A. B. Malvern (minister) Messrs. J. Ball, Ge,rge Bowyer, and H. Griffiths, secretaries, and the variety, stallholders. ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH DIVIDING CLUB

_ Tne annual meetiuy, of this club was held on Saturday evening. the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood (pmsident) in the chair. The ninth annual report for the year ending December 23rd was submitted and appvved. Particu- lars of the funds were given in our last issue. The officers for the ensuing year were elected as follows : President, Rev CaT)DD Wood; committee. Messrs. Joseph Sherlock. J Clarke. C Pownall,R Wainwright, E Hobson, R Peacock, J Scra.;:-.; and C Youcle ; sick steward, T Williams ; hon secretary John E Rowley. CHRISTMAS EVE ASSAULT AT WIDNES. . .

Timothy Cummings and Martin Cummings, living in Albino-street, were chstcred at Widnes!on Tuesday with heing drunk and disoreetly en Sunday, and assaulting Police-sergeant.Williattla and PcIICO Constable Spencer; and also charged wiqi doing' willful thmage to the sergeant's clothing. Folic. Constable Bamford said that at 3-30 on• Sunday he was in Albion-street, when several rsons came to him crying "Murder!' Ele hurried with them, and found prisoners fiffhting. He aaparated them twice. & little up the road Sergeant Williams met them. They became very violent, and gave great trouble. Sergeant Williams was knocked to the ground and ill- treated. Martin was fined 5s and costs for drunkenness and two months' hard labour for the assault •, Timpthy was fined 23 6l and c,sts for being drunk, 2s damage, and 103 and costs or fourteen days, for disorderly c. duct.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPER&NCR

The half-yearly meeting of the abwa order was held on Saturday evening in the Gmaaway-road sehool.under the presidency of Mr Thomas Cooke. After the usual business the election of officers took place as f )110 ws : Patriarch (chairman), Mr Thomas VVite • associate, Mr James Mowea : recording scribe, Mr Thomas J Holt ; financial scribe, Mr James Johnson ; assistant scribe, Mr Thomas Dutton; treasurer, Mr Daniel Bishrown ; chap- lain, Mr Samuel Tomlinson: conductor, Messrs E W Key and Wiliam Edgeley ; sentinels, Messra Thornas Clarke and Alfred Horrocks; sick visitors,Mesrs Tho;nae Clarke and E W Key; auditors,Tedeasrs Thomas and Wm. Cooke . patron of cadets. Mr Thomas Whyte • secre'ary, Mr E W Key The annual meeting of the Cheshire Gaud Division will be held in Runcorn in January. The following representatives were appointed :—Messrs Daniel Bisbrown, Thomas Clarke, Samuel Tomlinson, James Johnson, E W Key, and Alfred Noden. RUNCORN HARRIERS CHRISTMAS HANDICAP. - -

The first Christmas handicap in connection with the above cluh took place on Saturday from the headquarters the Bull's Head, when a goad numbar of runners turned out. There was a great improvement in the weather compared with the previous week, the frost having dis- appeared, but as a result of the thaw the roads were somewhat on the dirty side. This being the first year for this class of sport in the neighbourhood, great in- terest was taken in the affair. It was decided to make it an eight miles road handicap, the route ehoaen. being t• the Red Lion at Moore and back again. Mr. S. Hopkins who was unable to run, officiated as time-keeper. The start was made at 3 30, when the limit turn were sent on their journey: The race throughout proved to be of a most interesting charac'er, being closely contested by W. Thomas (captain), J. Cadman, W Ray, and J. Good- all. The medal given by Mr. S. Taylor for the fastest tirne was won by W. Thomas. This competitor not only succeeded in gaining the fastest time medal, but won the race outright, being the first man home, covering the diFtance in 53min. 15aec off 20 sec. J. Goodall was the second man home, winning the medal presented by the Rev. W. Scholes, and doing the distance in 54min. off 30sec. The third rnedal,given by the club, was won by W. Ray,whose time was 53min. 40,ec. off scratch. J. Cadman eecurcd 'he 4th priz., given by Mr.T. Well; do- ing the distance in 53mirt. 41Aec. off scratch. S. Shall- cross won the sth prize, a silver mounted pine and case given by Mr. George Whinyates T. Shalleross finishei 6th, winning the prize given by J Cadman. The 7th prize, given by Mr. W. Ackerley. was won by H. Gibson. The affair throughout was entirely salt- factney. AN OLD WOMAN'S TERRIBLE DEATH

Mr. A. E. Wh;te, deputy Coroner, on Wednesday; hell an incieiry at the Runcorn Police Station toucia- ling the death of Mrs. Mary O'Flara, who resided with I her daughter-in-law in Cooper-street, when the follow- ing evidence was adduced :—Lawrence Rafferty, labourer, Cooper-street, identified the body as bis mother-in-law. She was a widow about 60 years of age. For a considerable time deceased worked at the Man- chester Ship Canal Rope Works. There was no reason why deceased should have gene near the canal where her body was found, as she only went out for some loaves of bread to her sister's and her direction did not lie near ths cans; at all. Deceased was always a jolly woman, though a fsw years ago she had rambled A vray and caused them a five hour'e search,--Sdina Kelly, widow, Gran. ville-street, sister of the deceased, deposed to talking with her sister at 6.30 and giving her the two loaves. She left her house perfectly soher. She could give no explanation of how' deceased got into the canal.—Thomas Dickinson Cooke, dockgate man at the Tidal Docks Run- earn, said on Tueslay moraine he was closing the lock gates when he found some obstruction. Fle grappled with a boat hoak with the result that he got hold of deceased's petticoats and subsequently got the bidy out of the canal. Be gave information to the nolice.—Constable Fry stated he received the body from the last witaess, and idencified it as the deceased of whom a description had been issued.—The Coroner characterised the case as one of those which were far too common in Runcorn, that of a person walking clear into the canal. He suggested that the only verdict compatible with the evidence was "Found drowned." —The jury concurred and returned a verdict accord- ingly.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The meeting of this society was presided over by M . Thomas Wallington, the hon secretary, who deliveredTa brief address. Mr. Heath of tevenshulme, Itanchesta . was the speaker for the oceasion, and he delivered r a very thoughtful address on " Piety at Hone." Solo s were sung by Mr. johnson. of Runcorn, and his serviCes were greatly appreciated. The lessen was read by Mr. Thomas Wallington and M. B. Farrar offered prayer. Gospel Hall, rorster-street. On Sunday night Messrs.E.Lowe,of Bolton and Joseph Whitehouse preached the GeTel here from Matt. ii• 2, " Where is His that is born 'tine of the Jews ?" Decem- ber 25, h is supposed to commemorate the birth of Christ 19ut some think not. Itused to be a great Pagan Feast and in many ways it is a feast day still. Whether He was born on Christmas Day or net, the glorious face remains that He was born and that event Was one of the greatest earth has ever seen ; heaven and earth were moved at it. He was bern the Priene of Peace to give peace on earth. He was born a Xing but was despised and rejected of men, a men of sorrows, and instead of peice we are te day found in the midst of war. Right doawn the ages had the Christ been promised. The teachers of Israel could trace Him down from Adam through Abraham, Isaac, David, etc.. Rad could even tell the place of His birth, yet never troubled to go to Him when he at last came. Similar men live L-day. Itnowing all about Christ but never troubling to accept Him as their Saviour and as long as this is so no peace can be theirs.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
QT.- LUKE'S Mixed School. Blaelcburn.—Wanted. Asslst- -10 ant Master'. singing and drawing; salary 00.—Address the VICAR.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Ayr ONSALL FfiVER HOSPITiL. Newton Heath. Man- &Yl. chester,—WANTVlD, good K.TORRNMAID ; wages AIX rising to £lB, with uniform.—Apply to Miss GRANT. House Matron.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDE AT RUNCORN.

A Sad Christmas Spectacle.

On Christmas morning, the residents of Runcorn received a rude shock on learning that Thomas Lambert, a respected lock-keeper in the emptyv of the Manches- ter Ship Canal Company, had committed suicide by hanging himself upon his return from work that day. On Wednesday morning, Mr. A. E. White (depnty coroner) held an inquest upon the body, at the Runcora Police Court.—Mr. Robert Wright was foreman of the jury. Louisa Reylance, wife of Eiward Roylance, stated she resided at 14, Picow-street, Runcorn. Tnomas Lam- bert (the deceased) was her father and resided with her. He was 66 years of age, on the 20th of October last,and was a lock-tender on the Manchester Snip Canal. She last saw her father alive on Meaday :morning at six o'cleck. He had boin werkine nights, and came home and washed himself as usual in the back kitchen. She did not see anything more of her father, nor bad she seen the body. Between 6.30 and 7 o'clock she calle 1 t o her son beeause she felt uneasy. Something seemed to tell her there was something wrong. Deceassd was going to be married, but some time last week he stated he did not know how he would get on as the woman appeared to be a shiftless sort of woman. He also told witness there was a son' and he did not like the idea of keeping him if he kept the old woman. fie had asked his intended wife about the lad, and she had told him he was going away immediately. Deceased had arranged to be married on Tuesday. Thom as oylance.eas-stove fitter Gebbon's-read ,Stret- ford, London, described deceased as "his grandfather be marriage "—his stop-mother being the previous witness Upon his step-mother calling to him he went to call "father " and look for the deceased. He ceuld not find him, but saw what he took to be a tall strange man in the closet. Receiving no answer from the person in the closet he returned to the house and his father coming in shortly afterwards he told him about it. Edward Roylance, in the employ of the Menchester Ship Canal, said deaeased was his wife's father. He sew the deceased hanging in the-closet. Teat was after the son had told him that he "could not find father, as he had gone out; but there wee a big men standing at the bottom of the yard." Oa going there he found a I man hanging in the closet, and ran out of the bou.e all , the way to the Police Station. Oa arriving at the Police; , Station he told the. officers in charge and was immedi- ately accompanied by a sergeant and a constable. They cut the deceased down. The time wnuld be about eight o'clock.. He was dead then.—The Coroner*: Suppose you had cut him down when first you got there. There is a possibility he piglet not have been dead ?—No re- ply.-you have no reason for not cutting him down only that you had no nerve P—Witness : That's se.— The Coroner : But you know it was your duty to do so.—Witness: I ceuld not do it. Sergeant William Brewster, stationed at Runcorn, said he was told by the last witness, who was very nervous and excited, that his father-in-law was hanging in the closet. He went there and found him suspended by a rope from a rafter. The rope had been wound twice round the rafter and made secure. Then, he would suggest, the deceased had got on the closet seat and putting the noose ralsnd his neck stepped off. His feet were only a little distance off the floor. The man was to all appearance dead when Cut down, hut witness and Constable Nicholls tried artificial respiration until the arrival of Dr. McKenzie • who pronounced life ex- tinct. Wituess found nothing upon the decea ;eel in the shape of written matter explainine the cause for the action. There was 15s. 2d: in a purse, a gold wedding ring. 4 keys, a pocket knife, and a silver watch and chain, found on the body. The last witness had told him that he was too rfoich upset to cut the body , down.

Sergeant Brewstcr remarked that ther? were a good many people under the impreesion that they were not to cat a body dowOlotil the arrival of the police. The Coroner, in 'summing up, said it did FA,ckms unfortunate, that the son-in-law was so overcome t,y hi nervous fears, that he left the unfortunate man hanging for nearly an hour. It was quite possible, had he been cut down, his life would have been saved. Still it was not for him to blame the witness, as It was not case of misapprehension as regarded his obligation to cut the body down. He was simply unable tod) so on account of his nervous fears. He (the Coroner) wished however, to take that opportunity of emphasising the fact that it was as mull the duty of any person to cut down a body as it was for a person to attempt the rescue of a drowning person. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased died by strangulatioe consequent upon hang- ing himself whilst temne,a,"' '^g"P• ise,wartierlawww• RUNCORN- NOTES. •

===== 0002601_18991229_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
[BY A CORRESPONDENT:]

At last Run-corn hs awakened to its duty to its "reservists " and a real scene of enthusinsm was witne.sel for the first time on Wednesday last But even thi4 might not have come about but for the initiati7e,of the "Boys Brigade" from Halton. Halton has long been d.pised by the Runcornian, as a place from which nothing great could spring; but once again the " humble village " has set the "proud town" an example. However, it is gratify- ing to see it is being honestly followed.

The Deputy Coroner's remarks regarding the "cutting down of bodies "should of course, receive their due weight, and make people more careful in future. Still the" misapprehension" spoken about is not so universal as supposed. Indeed it is said to have originated in the inventive brain of a deci- dedly nervous man, whose tremors rendered him incapable of giving "first aid."

That the Coroner did not censure the witness is a matter for congratulation, for too often a nervous man has been censured for not rescuing a drowning man, and has even occasionally been dubbed a coward, though his conduct has been due to nothing but an unfortunate nervousinem In mat- ters of this kind there is too marked a trace of the hand of fate, to blame a fellow creature for a neglected opportunity.

I hear that the loud trumoetings respecting the advent of the" Ratepayers' Association" are likely to remain vociferation and verbosity. The talk, too, of a "Tradesmen's Aksociation" is also becoming fainter and fainter, and there appears a definite prospect of remaining just where we are.

Nonconformists should wake up if they desire their Free Church Council to become a living, ns e- ful, defensive or aggressive, institution. The sup- port extended to it in Runcorn is, to judge by that accorded to its lectures, half-hearted, lackadaisical, grid utterly unworthy of the Nonconformist com- munity of the town. It is absurd to look at the prospects of the Council in anything but the true light, and tailing a better appreciation of the com- munity responsible for its existence, it will undoubtedly become so far as Runcorn is concerned a " Dead Letter."

Ones again rumours are afbat that the fate of one of the Runcorn works is being" weighed in the balance" and if found wanting will be closed. My authority for the statement is reliable, but desires that the public may be gently warned of the ap- proaching loss, so that,should the worst be realised the blow may not be so severe, Should the powers that be, decide upon a further renture,and continue the works, my pen shall advise the public of the fact with far greater pleasure than this is re corded.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A Frodsham Constable for the Front.

Constable Wagg (4), of the Eldisbury Division of the Cheshire Constabulary, and who for some time has been stationed at Five Crosses, Frodsham. on Wednesday left Frodsham Station for Towyn th haadqoarters of his regiment the 2nd Scots Guards, frnm whence he will proceed to the front. Seeing him off by the 12.50 train were his wife and child, •Serzeant Clays, and his other friends of the Frodsham police, Mr. Youd and others. Gis chief has intimated that his "job" will be keptopen for him.

A Warrington Postman with Methuen's'

Private H. R09C003, of the Royal Engineers, who pre- vious to the war was a postman at Warrington, and lived with his parents at Besevick.street, has written an .interesting letter home from Orange Itiver. The com- munication is dated December 3rd, and he states that bets still safe and sound. He is now in a good job 30 Miles from the enemv.,ennployel in the office of Major S'ewart, who is the director of railways. The writer points Out that they have a saloon carriage fitted up as an office. At night eight of them sleep in it, whicl, he says, "is much better than sleeping on the bare ground with the canopy of heaven for a roof,as the infantry and cavalry have to do." "'After a week's hard fighting," he con-- tinues, " The troops on thia border are having a rest, and they need it lean assure yon For instance the other day our fellows at the litttle of Modder River fought for twelve solid hours and that upon one bisauit a man given out in the Early morning. Some of them were lying f see downwards for nearly the whole time firing incessantly. Of course the engineers do some most valu- able wode and affect not a little the sneers,' of a battle but for sheer bard soldiering the infantry cavalry and artillery are the boys' to catch it." In concluding his letter Private Roscoe anys : " tarn of opinion that this job will last five or six months Yet. Of ceurse lam only guessing, for it may be less or it may be more."

===== 0002601_18991229_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
USEFUL PRIZSRNTS of every description, See Win- dow.—J. S. GARL/Nn Ironmonger. Midge-0..-- Adv.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER THE ULTIMATUM.

(BY Ma. 11. WHITHAM).

Since I wrote last, the unfortunate business in the Transvaal has taken shape, and the Boer in very boorish fashion has taken a header the re- SIMS of which he may not find satisfactory. /t is now usele,s to attach blame to anyene, or to m Lke any hypercritical remarks, the work must be seen through. Seeing that two, possibly three weeks must elapse befpre these lines are in print, I need make uo remarks on the conduct of the roaming forces.

The suspense of the past few weeks has been terrible, nod, if what I see in my paper each morning be true, the anxiety of the Britisher wherever he might be, at home or abroad, has been of the keenest. I see from this morning's news that a state of war has been declared, and that British diplomatic agents are giving notice to that effect to the various governments. This of course does away with the etymological feature of the question. It does some- thing more, and it is of this I wish to speak. It places friendly, or neutral nations in the clear po4- tion of having to keep an eye on what is going on within their own borders. It also makes it possi- ble for intervention by other powers to stay the waste of life and treasure. That the latter may not be needed we all hope; that the former is neces- sary gnes without saying to those who note what is going on in Kurope and America. Reading the war reports day by day one is struck with the large amount of sympathy, se celled sympathy, given to the Boars by the French and Germans. It is not wanting also in Russia, and allow me to say this sympathy is very boisterous in America, especially is this so. out here in the West. Toe three first nations declare they are friendly, this may be so. We are proud to believe it really is so with the 'United States Gevernment, and, with something more than the 'government. The intelli- gence, the deep intellectual life of America, tee sober, and the histerical spirit of the nation is with England in her struggle with "our brother Beer.' Then wy this sympathy for this Boar? It would puzzle ths wisest head among U 3 to account for hny of the actioas, or positions France may se fit to take. Since she first lost the Royal isliots,who with all the piivileges of Divine rights squeezed the brain out, of the people, and welcomed the Corsican Se t Hee she has never known peace within her bor- ders, or known hove to trust the nation that is not only her best customer, but whose people are most likely to offer the hand of friendship and love, even though they be citizens of" Perfidious Albion." -It is not out of place to ask the question. Is it sym- pathy forethe Boers or is it the internal enemies of France, and of peace and order wherever it may be found who keep alive these bitter feelings? I think it is, and Rochefort and his crew night well occupy the attention of the French people. And what of Germany? Have the Germans any- thing to gain, or has the civilizing spirit of the world anethino to gain from the defeat of the British and the victory of the Beers ? In Germany Focialism grows fast and why? Is it because her people are happy and contented ? Is it because her Emperor tries year after year, and succeeds in a measure in preventing her workmen from conbin- ing for ;heir own protection, and from seeking such increase in wages as they may think desirable, or is it because he thinks, and makes his thoughts practical that the German workman should live as contentedly as he can the lire to which God has called him, and it he cannot live, to die and be done with it, and make room for a tougher man? No, I don't believe it is any one of these things that is sending German officers into the Transvaal. It is the same unquiet, restlees spirit that we have always seen exhibited at the International Trade Conference, The spirit of opposition and of jeal- ousy. Again the question, has Germany anything to offer the world in place of the British Empire? With Russia it is useless to deal. A nation that is scarcely ahead of either China and Japan, in re- spect toliberal ideas, is scarcely likely to offer, the world's workers anything they would even stop te ,consider.

The press of these nations, that is,*the Rochefort press, in whatever nation it may be found has a fling at Egypt, or may be India, or say the Soudan. If these people would only read more, they would talk less, and perhaps they weuld find that the world owed England something after all. ' And now, what of my own adopted country? wish to say nothing, nay, I feel nothing of anxiety as to what America will do should England's course be blocked. It was wise foresight that directed Enc,rland's course durinethe America-Spanish War. It seems mean to say what would have happened had her coarse been chalked out according to Con- tinental ideas, but all the same, the European Con- tiaental Courts will be a long time before they for- get the significant attitude taken by British ships in the Bay of Manilla. The true and honest American citizen will not 'forget it either. It is the other fellow I baust speak of not the true and honest citizen, but the fellow who can he neither honest to his native lend, nor yet to the land of his adoption. We have in this city a priest,Fether Yorke byname. This holy Father has bad a year's holiday during which he visited his native land, Ireland. In a spisech he made on his return, be says—" I was a stranger in a strange land, I found the people, lam sorry to say, happy and prosperous. Why do I say I am sorry? Because it will make them content with British rule." This man is a great and a shin- ing light among the Irish Catholioabut not, I think, among the native American Catholics. He is really the stormy petrel of the religious, and political world of this city. His lectures and speeches are numerous, an I he rarely misses a chance of stirr- ing up the race hatred, we ought to have left be- hind us when we crossed the Atlantie. This Irish spirit of hatred towards the British, leads a mayor of Cork and of Limerick to pray for God's help for "our brother Boer." It does something more. It calls mass meetings in our largest hells, and crams them full from ceiling to floor, and gives the poor benighted Irishman. and German an opportunity-to talk of organizing regiments, nay armies to go help Uncle Paul. The Irishman seams to yell with de• light when an opportunity offers him to dance a jig on the tail of John Bull's coat. And yet what has he to offer the world ? Throughout America the Irish politiciaa is a curse. li-ep him out of pelFicson Iha is" ova ias you or I." I work with the Irishmen, and he is not a bad fellow to work with, but I prefer not to work under him With the ,following excerpt from the "New York Times" my readers may fairly gauge the American attitude. "But the main source of comfort that Lord Salis- bury finds in a situation which certainly needs all the comfort which can be brought to it, is the sym- pathy and support of Germany and the United States. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say, in the support of the Government of Germany and of the people of the United States. For the public opinion of G?rmany, to judge it by its recognised organs, is no more friendly to England then the public opinion of France. It is only the German Government which sees its account in favouring good relations with England. In this country, on the other band, there is undoubtedly a preponder- ance of sytiopathy with England. This sympathy is in great part due to the attitude of Great Bri- tain during the war with Spain, so distinctly in op- position to the attitude of Europe. but it is also and still more largely due t,o the perception that the cause of Great Britain is the cause of modern civilisz- atm And this perception may coexist with the perception that official procedures of Greet Britain, which have not been under the immediate direction of Lord galisbury, were calculated to put her super- ficially in the wrong in a matter in which she was fundamentaily in the right. At any rate we are with whoever is trying to advance and modernise any backward portion of the world. Great Britain has done more toward the fulfilment of that pur- pose than all the other nations of the earth com- bined. And that is her real and ultimate mission in South Africa." San Francisco, Nov. 28, 1899:

===== 0002601_18991229_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
F-ROD'SHAM

POOH. CBURCZE FOOTB&LL CLUB.—On WednelPd'lV evening, a concert which had been organized by Miss Milne, teacher of the mandolins and guittr, in aid of the funds of the above club. was held in the Parish Room. An excellent programme Ind been arranged, the artistes acqniting themselves very creditably. A chorus " The Red. White and Blue " and a dialogue" The Parish Council," were given by the members of the club, and mandoline and guitar quintettes were rendered by the Mies Milne, Atkinson, Ashworth. A. and F. DAL Miss Milne tastefully executed a mqndoline solo" National airs,". and songs were rendered by Miss Belinda Brown, Madame Lillie Smith. and Messrs. W. Egerton Seelson Robinson, and Percy Jones. Th proceedines terminatad wi:h the singinl i.f " God Save the Queen."

===== 0002601_18991229_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
KITCHEN 114.Na.85. Tile Grates.and Chimney Pieces Large Stock—J. S. GARLsyn.D•onmonger,Bridge-st. Acirt BEST BOOTS FOR ALL. UNDUE Viz CLOCK.—Adv

ASK for CUNNINGHAX'S HIGH-CLASS MINRRAL WATKRS.—AdvL.

CHROTMAS PIMENTS .—W. T. w /LLI A '4S'S Choice Assortment of Fur neaklets, Muffs, Gloves, Fancy Handkerchiefs. Umbrellas, Fans, Ex., .I:c. Sankey-street and Legh-street, Warrington —Advt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
LTOMOCEA. FOR THE BATTLE-FIELD.

/C 0 FICE.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETIGS. Rugby Football. [By "Oval iSt."] Christmas is rather a bad period for the Warrington Feotbol Clan and usually results in a loss of po'n--, This year it has been especially disastrous, for both the holiday match.s have been fast by something t,a Warrington had nattered their supporters by good dr.- plays against Leigh and 2.lorecambe, and it was felt pretty certain t a St. Helens would be vanquished on the Saturday—and if St. Helens, perhaps Runcorn. Toe Saints, however, rudely upset these calculations by giving the boys in " primrose and blue "a severe troun- cing. Runcorn did their best to follow suit, but only scraped home by a narrow margin. It all happened in this wise.

Warrington felt so sun that tkey were going to cover tn-m.elves with glory on Saturday that they brought the Mayor down to kick-off and see the fun. Now this is a rather dangerous thing t 3 do. After his Worship has performed this more or less dignified fat with his foot, the' players appear to think that there is little elsn to be dose, Leigh and Rochdale Hrrieta hare both lost matches at home unexpectedly when their Lena Mayors have kickefl-off, and now Warring .ras must be' added to the list. I had as,t o; presenriment that should lose. because I had thoughtlessly dilated, a week or two back, on the ill-nava of Mayors officiating as kickers-off. My remarks theh were at Leigh's espouse, but they have recoiled with s veng+ Ince.

A couple of the home forwa^d; were hors de combat, another was overburdened with a cargo of" sax" arid one of the backs suffered somewhat from the same corn. plaint. All this tended to spoil the fun—except for St. Helens. The latter have done splendidly thii season, and they came to Warrington with a full deter- mination to " wipe, sotneth;n4 off a From first to last they showed marked sup.riority over the home ot. Their advanta:Te 1y princtpally forward, but the noor play of the home halves added to th,ir chances. The St. Helens forwards are a fine lot, speedy, Etrong and reSourceful, and they quite outclassed the Warring- ton eight on Saturday. Still the score of eleven pointo to nothing does not represent the play. Warrington had almost as much of the gome and scared two tries which, though disallowed, were little inferior to two of the soft things St. Helens got. However, lam not much inclined to make excuses for Warrineton. Tioey played badly, and that is the sum total of the whole affair.

There. was nothing particularly scientific abmt the dis- play of the winners, but there was a determined busi- ness-like method in their mlvernents which carried all before it. Boyle and Appleton are poor hands at making onenings, but the men behind have plenty of dach. Traynor on Saturday was a host in himself, an i proved a censtant source of trouble to Warrington. His run- ning, dodging, kicking, passing, and tackling were a treat to witness, while at times he used his head to con- siderable advantage. Dave Traynor is certainly one of the b.st footballers in Lancashire. Liversage, Barnes, and Foulkes supported him well, and made up a very effective back division. Bate aas ye; r mnch at fault, his tactics and his passing being decidedly ques'ion- able. It is a little strange tl find a man will is able to juggle with a football, pa' sing it two yards over another players head, and then looking as if he!.was sorry. Duckworth seemed hampered by his captattes play, and the consecrienv was that only Fish and Besc nr of tile men behind did tbernselv•es just!cA.

From Warrington to Runcorn is only a short j otirnm, and there were many who made it on Tumda.y. They may have been hopefel, who knows ? It takes a lot to damp a football enthusiast's ardour, and then it is cer- tain that Warrington will beat Runcorn some day. They have failed once more hewever, but as they got within a try of the" Linnets " they. may be considered to have done well. Yet they deserved a better fate, for if Run- corn had a little the best •of the play against a weak team, they must admit tho the try Jones scored for Warrington was rather better than the try Jones scored for Runcorn. Witnesses assert too, that he did not step in touch. Well, it can't be helped now, and if Runcorn win the championship I think they will richly deserve it. They haa a narrow escape on Tuesday. though, an i the hard game Warrington played must have been a sur- prise. There was not much in it forward, and bo!la sets of half backs got plenty to do, hat they did not dl it to perfection, by any means. Duckworth and Nickson seemed 'quite "off colour," while Faulkner and Alien were none too clever. To latter did very well for an " A" team recruit nevertheless.

Runcorn's only point was secured when Wa,rrinetcn were playing with 14 men, and about flue minutes from the start. Hockenhull tract not then arrived. After- wards the play travelled up and down the field in an ex- citing manner. On the home side Houghton. Butter- worth, and Jones were very consoicious, and did much to keep Warrington (14ot-idiot! for so lone a time. They met a very sound defence, however. and found try-getting a difficult task. Much of tho eredit for Warrington's display must be given to Bos- cew,who was wonderfully cool and safe, while his punt- inf., was fairly powerful. Fish was the best of the three-quarters, with Smith running him Close. Both centres played a very enereotin game, and made Vie molt of their few chances. The Wiean man oponed the way for Jones in first-class style, and it Wig a thousanri pities that so gallant an attofllp maid t 1.2 doerneti ta failure.

It is quite probable that Runcorn we,re not at their best nit Tuesdly. If they vrern, their display wag far from inspiritinc, and they will have to !elm a lot in the art of combination if they are to carry off the chamJion- sbip. Some of the movements by the backs were deolor- ably, weak ani slovenly. and again;t stronzer team than Warrington put in tha field would have resulted in defeat.

Why. may la, werl Vire,rriu4ton weaMy renv- suited ? Surely the cournitte can manaze the players better than to have two or three off throw,h over- inaulzencei Chriqtalas Ido not sr that this wao the caw aof absencei every cage, but it had a lot to do with the two defeats which the clrb sustained last week' end. prlmpt suanenabl of the off Anders la the course I shouli reconon2end. By.th3 way was I9herwoo lon crutches or crotchets ?

ehristrrris football upsets predictions in a curioux fashion. Who would have, thouzht that WigAn would win at Silford, Tyldcslev at Leigh, or Millona Hele.ns ? Yet the three woolen speoniats accomplished these remarkable feat.% and there is ,rol in the wie:warns of the vanquished. Me ale at the bottom of it, I aill afraid !

Ms League table up-to- lace is RR follows :

For. Avainst. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Runcorn 14...13... 1.. 0-22 31-137... 4 4....20...26 Oldham ....... 2... 1...15 46-168... 6 11... 45...23 St. Helens 16..11.. 4. 1..17 37-145... 8 16... 60...23 Swinton 13..10.. 3. 0..11. 28-106...14 9.. 55 ..21 Salford 16.. 9. 7. 0...20 39-157...19 23-107-18 Widnes l5 7.. 5. 3...10 25 98... 7 19... 71...17 Warrington 15. 7. 7. 1-10 26 98.. 9 18.. 72...15 Lei eh l4. 7. R. 1...17 23-103...12 27...105...15 *Brought'n Rak'r'sls... 7... 7... 1... 9 19— 75...12 16... 72...13 Stocknort. l4 5.. 9. 0.. 8 13— 55...11 24... 94...10 *Rochdale H'netsl4 .. 4... 9... LAO 8 44...11 31...116... 7 Wizan 15. 3...12.. 0.. 3 15— 51.15 37...141... 6 Mlllom 15 2...12... 1...10 14— 61...13 411...145... 5 Tyldesley 16.. 2...14... 0... 6 10— 42 ..29 60...236... 4 *Broughton Ratwers and Rochdale Hornets hire each had two points deductelfor breach of rules.

Warrington have finished with easv matches for a time, and in RUC:C.B3I,IP enzigements have tn take on Swinton and Tyldesley (tway), Swinton. Salford, nd Runcorn (home), Brow,hton 'Rangers (awa.v), Oldhirn (home), and Widnes (ay). Nine of thes, m not even Ty Wesley, can he considered a certain win, and it is possible that few of them will yield points to War- rington. I sincerely hope t'm t,am will beein ti show b*tter form, or there will be a dismal neord to show at the season's end.

Another &feat is probably in store for Warrinzton to- day, for a visit to Swinton cannot be regarded as at all hopeful. If the Swintoniers cannot win at Warrington they can generally take the " wirepullers " down in a decisive fashion at Swinton. The " Lions " are not, howe/er, as formidAble as they once were, and if War- rington will only play to win and not merely go on the field for the money they are sure of, something gnoi may come of it. The team chosen i better than that which did so well at Runcorn. though the talf hack plsiticit2 is still nnorly filled. The team is as fellows : Boscow, fall back ;Fish, nher-Yond, smith and Jones, threcquarters ; Thickwor,h and Allen, halves ; Taylor Morrison, Boardman, Fairhurst, Swift, Me.reweather, Eden, and S:tholtze, forwards.

TEOOPS FOR THE TRANSVAAL should WITHOUT FAIL be provided with Homocea, as tbere is notking more soothing or healmg known.

FOR WOUNDS, Cats, Bruises, Broken Shin, Sore Places generally, UE6 Ilomocea often, and plenty of it.

INFANTRY need Homocea for anointing the feet on the march, and for sores caused by chafing accoutrements,

CAVALRY need Homocea for troubles caused by rough riding, damp saddles, etc., and especially for piles.

SEE THAT NO FRIEND goes to the front without gornocaa. What else can they rely on to touch the spot "and soothe the aching part ?"

I RESIGNATION OF %WOG= WYNNE FFOULKES.

Biographical Sketch. His Honour Judge Wynne Ffunit, of Chester, has tendered his resignation to the Lord Chancellor after 25 year's service. His circuit was number seven and included Wariing! •r; end many other places in Lancashire and Cheshire. It is understood that his resignation has been accepted as from the 31st inst. By his painstaking work as a Judge he nag gained the respect and confidence of all in his circuit and in his retirement he will carry with him the wishes that be will long be spared co enjoy a well-earned rein; from his arduous labours. His Honour William Wynne Ffoulkes, is the fourth son of the late John Powell Ffoulkes of Eriviat Hall, County Denbigh, his mither being the secend daughter and co-heiress of Captain Robert Jocelyn, of 6tanstead Bury, Harts, and was born on the 14th July, 1821. His early education was im- parted to him at Shrewsbury School, where' he g tined his earliest laurels, and from weich he won a scholarship at Jesus College, Oxford, to which he proceeded in due course, taking hie B. A. in 1844, and his master's degree in 1817. From Oxford he entered at Lincoln's Inn, by wl:ich inn he was called to the Bar in November, 1817, going there- after to the North Wales and Che-ter Circuit. His father's connection and his own Univer-ity reputa- tion helped to win him briefs, which his untiring energy, his courteous manner, combined with his sound knowledge of law, gradually increased until Wynne-Ffoulkes had quite a geed practice. On the 7th of Se”tember, 1854, he married Ifise Eliza. beth Benedica, the sixth daughter of the Rev. Dr. Howard. Canon of Banger. Alter a brief span of well-nigh unalloyed hepoiness, this lady died on the 28th Mitch, 1855 From this terrible blow it took Alm Wyone Ffeulkes long to recover. On the 13th SeWember, 1859, he mar- ried Miss Hester Mary, third daughter of the Rev. George. Heywood, rector of Ideford, Devon. In tba meanwhile his practice was increasing, leading to his being nominated a revi;ing barrlster in 1868, and a commissioner of esdheat. Cheseer and North Wales, the duties of which offiee he admirably per- formed from 1872 to 1874 In the following year 111 received a well merited promotion as County Court judge o? circuit number seven. Tee aopeiut- ment wie universally recogni eel as a fitting and proper one. Ever since then his Honour has held the sceles:of justice evenly in the various clung constituting his circuit. Hi, keen knowledge of commercial law has rendered his court of very great service to suitors, whilst his unsparing wrath on bogus and fraudulent actions of all sorts has ren- dered him a terror to evil-doers. His kindnesses are many, his wmerosity unostentatious but wide, and to his own profes;ion, ho is over ready to ex- tend the right hand of fellowship.

EARLESTOWN CONSERVATIVE CLUB, On Friday evening the distribution of prizss gained iii tbd various annual Christmas handicaps at. billiards, skittles and whist, took place at the Conservative Clab,by Mr. C. B. F. Barron. Amonfzst those present were Drs. Patforson, Gauge, Mr. Cald- well and others. The hanlicaps have been in pro- gress for sevenl weeks, th ,re b3ing a large numbet of entriei in each class, The pilz-As hava all been given by tralesm-n and sopportets of the Conser- vative cause. In the billiard hantlicap there were 18 oriz ss,the first six losing Messrs J Waltnn, Z Clough, P Naylor, 0 Lea, E Davies, and J Tuncall. For blie skitla handicap, there wi,ra 21 prizes, the first six being, T Thompson, T Bush, Joseph Paden, W Makin, W Clare. and W C Clay. In the whist tournament the five winning couples were Messrs Galloway and Fairbrothe4 J Clarke and W Greave.s; J itylance and Faircloagb ; icen and J Jones; Thompson made II Lea. For the con-,olation handi- cap-there were nine prize, the winn-Ts tieing Haw:Aden, W Greases, W Kinsman. P Glover, T Thompson, • Fairclough, II Gough, G Bailey, and Webster.

FAILIOSTOWN PRINCTIyE METHODISTS. On Christmas day the P. imitive Methodist Band of Hope Society gave an entertainment in the schoolroom. The Rev C. Bocock prwided, and there was a very fair i Hence. The. arrangements were in the hands oF ,jr. Webster, and th.) enter- tainment consisted songs, duets, drills and action songs by the c'nlre..n. Several mandoline solos were also given. iiepresentations of living Bible pictures, and a dialogue "it Christmas Pudding.* by 18 children were mist interegiting. A character sketch "A domineering wife," by six adults caused much amu=ement and the selections by Mr. Wilions mouth organ band were thoroughly enjoyed.

_ . UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BooT9.—Advt TAMPS. nu Stoves, o,lco Stoves, J. S. GA.RGA.ND, 51, 53. and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.— 4dvt, LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS Am) SHOES UNDSR 01,,QQ1c, TIRIDGE-STREET.—A.dvt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
„ , ,

OUR

FOOTBALL COMPETITION

(COLTPON ON PAGE 7.) £5O Offered Weekly—ZOO Aggregate Prize.

RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

£63 WON 4CAIN. rl he following were the results of the rnatehes se'ecled for cur last week's eornpetition Barn'ev drew with Notts. Forest, Sunderland beat Nevrcastle United, Notts. County heat Biaikburn Rovers, Liverplol beat Glossop N,8.. Aston Villa beat Stoke, Chesterfield b,at Newton Heath. Walsall beat Lincoln City, Pureem Port Vale beat Small Heath, Devon:mrt Albion, beat Bristol, St. Helens beat Warrington. The following COlntletitOrS gave tm correct results and there'ore divide the £5O prize : Mr C V F Hutchings. Park View, Ca-shalton Mr B Maple, Oaklands, Busfuneacl Avenue Bedford Mr A. Arthur, 52, Beulah-road, T,mbridze Wells (2 shares) Mr G Owen, ), Upper Forster-Areet, Corner of Littleton- street, Walsall

Mr G Mann, Mount Hill Lodge, Springfifld-road, Chelms- ford Essex

Mr A G Willey. No, -folk liouge. Leominster (3 3hares) Mr Wlamst The Cfrotirnor

===== 0002601_18991229_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
IRE CONSOLATION PRIZE.

The following comnetitars, who gave nino correct results, divide the £lO prize : W Tllke. Bideford; Ii Salt. StAford ; J Turner Newnort Mon. ; W Kay, Derby ; I Saunders, War- wick. S Jones. Glasgow ; S Lee, Kettering ; G Flnglisb,Derby C (lillett. Lytham ; A Tellett. Chesterfield ; P Langley, Leicester ; 0 Taylor. Darlington ; J Lamb New Oros ;A; Drew. Harle ; A Martin, l'enzance ; W Arney, Bradford ; H Procter, Haslingrion ; H Holdsworth. Bedford : C Wilson, Dewstmry ; C Dudley. M nchester ; B pye, Wellingborouzli ; Ii Pridgeon. S Grimsby ; F jeyes, Melton Mowbray ; H Collins Herpurhey C Phipps. Altreton ;G H Smart, Birmingham; A King, Come: B Utley, Wolverhampton; B Perkins,Msrket Harborough ; Miss Swain, Kettering; I) Brans, Nottingham ; A Straw, Perry Bar ; J 'cott York ; W Illllott. Salfo-d ; A Bdwarria, Denton ; H Lisph im. Hyde; A Seq. Lutterwo•th ; G Sykes Lutterworth ; J Simpson, Maidstone; Mrs Hone- nay. Bush:len ; H Dunn, Ilfracombe; J Langrick, Beswick ; Lawson, Bradford: II Sutton, Newcastle-on-Tyne ; A. Franklin, Altrincham ; J Chaplin. Gainsborough ; J Shen- he, d. Bury ; T Shepherd, Bury; R Pergu,on, Belfast W Marriott, West Bromwich ; S Go Klman, Derby; J Hulme ; W Saxbv, Licester; C Pemberton, Lonohborough B Whittle. Banbury ; J Ogden. I ke-ton ; if ()well, Kando ; Gllantreave,. Limeester ; W Pigott, Canterbury ; S Richard- son, Wigan; IV Wright, Blackburn ; J Paultori, Burtem-on- Trent ; B Harvey. Doncaster: S Cope, Oxford ; T Chambers Nuncliton ; W J Cook Leicester ; fi Hodgson, Bristol ;J ()or- ford. Bvertan ; A Hopewell, Leytonstone ; W Naylor Glas- gow ; C Hawkes, Grimsby ; T R Willis Gloucester ; J Rey- nolds, Baling ; T Wood, Workaop ; J Peach; Irthester ; C Jackson. Blvieswade ; If Read e.heflield ; 11 Robinson, Wal- sall ; 3 II Hornhy. Loroon ; T Wynne, Manchester; W Duke, Mile, Platting; B Hancock, Penistone ; T Leigh. War- wick ;P 0 Webster, Folkestone; 3 Williamson, Stoke-on- Trent; P Upson Bedminster; W Cotton, Opeushaw ; Beesley, II etttnn W Bell, Worthington ; A Fowler, Henley F C Gordon. Long llaton ; H Lawson, Burnley, C Ford. No:thampton ;J Piave!. Liverpool ; A Moore, Tamworth ; Stalby, Rotherhithe ; W Newman, Blackpoot.

THE COUPON PRIZE. The £3 Coupon Prize hut been won by Arr. A Arthur, 52, Beulah-road, Uunbridge Wells, wii,h 7,120 coupons.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCRECATE PRIZE.

Mr H Proctor, 5, Storing He.slingden. Lancs., has scored 22 points for the Aggregate Priz ; Mr Arthur. 21 points ; Mr G Mann, 14 noints ; Me%srs Mason, PittAm (M) and Prldgeon 11 sach ; Me Hutchings, 10, Messrs Wood and Pittam (H.B ) 9 e•ch ; Messrs Cook and :lodgers. 8 each; Messrs Astles, Critchley, Funnell, and Twining, 7 each ; Messrs Miller and Salt, 6 each ; Messrs Howley. Fletcher, Harris, Price, Stanley. Tugwell, Delis, Ambridge, Nelson, Marshpll, Taylor, and Tillie, 5 each. it number of others aro close behind.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

;:74

===== 0002601_18991229_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • .

7

===== 0002601_18991229_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
‘;4t..-f.l „.

k's.! • .

===== 0002601_18991229_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
kll.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

1. WHIT IS WV:MTN' EVIN3' QUININE BITTERS?

A.l excPllent veeetahls itsmodu, prenAre 1 in the mos skilful and scientific mann,r, and clntaining the active principles of those plants generally acknowiPdzed to ba the best remedial scents, and to possess the most bealinv and curative properties. It is now extensively used in many countrif s, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

2. WHAT DOES IT CONTAIN ?

Quinine and the active principle; of the following well-known herbs : Sarsaparilla, S:ffron. Gentian , Lavender. Burdock, and anyielion, scientifically pre- pared, and in such happr Proportions as to form a Tonic Bitters po•itively unequalled.

3. WITAT IS ITS ACTION?

It assists and promotes Digestion, strengthens the Nerves anal Muscles, purified the Blood, enlivens the spirits, and removes all Obstructions and impurities in the Human Bldv. It gives tnre to the whole system. It strengi hens and fortifies those parts which have been weakened by Diseare and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful inflnenc.s. It has gafned the Highest Recommendations as the Best Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weaknecs.

4. wHer DISEASES IS IT SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED FOR?

Influenza, and the after effPcta of an attack of Influ- enza, Indi2e4tion, Chest AfPc!iona and DiNelsea of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuraloa and all Nor- VOUS Disorders, DPDTP3RinD of Spirits, General Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness.

MUST PATIENTS CONFINE THEMSELVES WITHIN DOIRS

WREN USING IT?

No: the P 7 orking trmn need not aFstlin from his Moon the molhlr from her household duties, or the child be kept from sohool while using it.

- - - 6. IS THERE ANY DIFFICULTY IN PROCURING IT?

There need be none, aq it can be obtained of a Chemiqts and Patent Medicine Vend )rs, or will be for warded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, on receipt of stamps. It is sold in bottleq 2s. 9d. and 4q. 61 each. Beware of Imitations. Seee the name " Gwilym Evanq " on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. S ie Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufae,turing Company Vtnited, Llauelly, SQuth Wales.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

THE EFFECT 3 OF THE qBRTSTM4S BEER AT THE WORK HOUSE. NMATES Esc/4193. At the Warringtnn Bo ugh Police Court, on T ,esdev, before Mr. Birchen (in the chair) and other magistrates, five inmetes of the Workhouse—Annie France, Jane Watervrorth, Mary Sculley, Jaw Johneon, and Annie Ayres—were charged with abscanding from the Union with clothing, the preperty of the Guardians.—Mr. Shearer, who prosecuted on behalf of the Board of Guar- dians, said that the worden were in the Workhouse on Christmas Day ; they vene in the court that morning. AU the oiliciais at the Wollth-tre eongratulated them_ elves at night that the proeoo:4.lo2s of the day had gassed off so successfully and pl-atantly, but it was sub- sequeetlr aseettained that the pris -niers had absconded from the Workhouse. They must have got over the garden wall as they did not plea through the lode() gates. It was gratifying to be aeie to report that too whole of the inmates c):lduct.'d themselves ex- tremel7 well during the day, but the prisonera did not ;.,p:-..,ear to be sati,sed Wor on in the evening,'d thought that as p,ople were enjoyinz them- selves outside that they should do the same. When Mr. Ward, the master, found that the pri3oners had escaped he telephoned to the police and the women were found that morning in " twos and threes" in different parts of the Owe. It would he difficult to pick five worse characters out of the who of the iornatea in the hoess.... They were very troublesnme aid the only course the Guardians could adopt vras ta bring them befere the magistrat's as an exernple to other inmatss. Ceuncillor Shaw Green._ f:an you tell us what condition they were in when found ? Mr. Shearer replied that the only charge he had preferred against them was that of abscondine with workhouse clothing,- -P.C. Clough depostd to finding the women in different parts of the town at an early hour thit morning. They were not altogether and they were sober. They told him that they had some beer given them at the Work- house and it had got into their heads. Theywantel to get out and finisb their Christir as.—The Mayor: There was no drink allowed to them after the dinner beer?—Mr. Shearer: No; they had only one half-pint of beer. They had nothing bovond that. The beer was locked up.—Councillor Smetherst : I, is a pity they did not carry out the Mayor's advice given to them at the dinner on Christmas Da7. It is very painful to see the prisoners here this morning in the circumstances.— France and Johnacn`were sent to goal for seven days each, and the other prisoners for fourten days each. ASSAULT ON RUNCORN POLICE OFFICERS. On Wednesday at Runcorn Police Court before Messrs. A. R. Norman, S Taylor and F Wiswsll, a Norwegian sailor named John Johns of the barque ' Puritan "was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the night of Christmas day ; and further with assaulting PC, Breeze and Inspector Rieke. About nine o'clock P.C. Breeze's attentien was drawn to the Masonic Hotel by a noise and the use of foul oaths. Be found that the prisoner was the cause, having been ejected from the betef for disorderly conduct. The Constable persuaded the prisoner to go quietly away but a few minutes later discovered him repeating his conduct at the entrance to the Sailors Home in Regent-street, and as all the persuasive arts of the Constable could not appease his wrath for being ags, sin ejected, he took him into custady. On the way to the Police Station the prisoner broke away, but the constable re- captured him in High-street where the prisoner was most violent, striking the Constable on the face and butting him with his head many times. Inspector Hicks raceiesd information of the occurrence from a young lady and went to his subordinate's aid through a crowd of several hundred p^ople. The prisoner butted the laspector many timee and also twisted his thumb in such a manner, that the free use of embrocation and cold water bandages had not yet rettorei it to its normal condilon —The prisoner admitted that he was drunk but pro- fessed entire ignorance of the assaults. He was fined 54 and costs, or 7 days for the drunkenness, and was sen- tenced to ten days hard labour for each assault, the lentence to run consecutivelr. A RUNCORN MOTHER AND HE& CHILDREN. At Runcorn Police Court on Wedeelday before Meters A. R. Notman, S. Taylor, and F. Wiswall, Mary Ann Baden, a young woman, wife of a tanner, livicg in Taylor's-row was brought up on remand charged wlted cruelly illtreaaine her three children.—P.S. White said on Monday the 18th inst.,the prisoaer came to the, police office at 7 p.m. She had a razor in her poression, the blade being smeared with lei.oed- She said she hed come to give herself up in order to prevent her doing any- thing to herself and the young baby she carried. Wit- ness then went to the prisoner's house and found Willie, aged two years, had a cut on his cheek which was bleed- ing. The prisoner was under the influence of drink.— John Boden deposed that the prisoner was his wife. They had been married eight years, and lived comfort- ably together for six mouths. Then she started drink- ing. It was bad company which had caused this. Be bad often gone borne and found his wire drunk and the children neglected and no tea ready. He had found 27 pawntickets in the house relating to shoes, bedding, and clothing which the children should he wearing. He worked at Reynolds' tanyard and had given his wife an average of 245. per week. Be bad taken care of the three months old baby during the pest week,and he had had no sleep with it. He would willingly forgive the prisoner if the magistrates would do so.—Alice Boden. aged eight years stated that on the Mcnday in question her mother placed her on her knee and threatened to cut her throat with a razor. The razor was closed and she drew it across her throat. She also threatened to cut the throats of her sister Millie and her brother Willie. She cut Willie's face with the butt end of the razor. They all screamed. Her mother then left the house.— P.C. Wilson said the prisoner made the following state- ment to him in the Parade Room at the Police Station :—" I left home about five o'clock and went to the Manchester beerhouse anti. had a glass! of beer. I drank it at one draught. I had the razoV with me then. I came out and intended to use it on myself and the baby and I shall do it yet. Mr husband has been listening to some lies told by Mrs. Flnughton. She told him I had been drinkiee with Mrs. Haves and my husband believes it. It has upset me. It is all lies,"—The Prisoner said she was upset but she never intended to use the razor. She denied that she cut her boy. The blood on the rant' was caused by cutting a gathering: The meek on the boy's face was caused by a burn sometime R2O. She was very sorry for what bad happened. In reply to the Bench Boden said he was willing to give his wife another chance. He thought she would be better if the magis- trates would give her a cbance.—The Bench char- acterised the case as a very serious one, and one which was the result of drink arid advised her to keep from drink altogether. The prisoner was then bound over to come up for judgment when called upon.

When asking for Cocoa, insist on haying OLDBURYS sold only in Packets and Tins as other Cocoas are iotten sublti- tuted fcr the sake of extra proftt---Advt (1) ' COAGULTNE Cement for broken articies. 64. F.,d is.; Postage id. So:d everywhere, Home and Abroad.— Advt. LINSFCHO COMPOUND Trade Mark of Comp und Fisscnee oi Linseed, for Coughs anti Colds,—Advt.

NEVir WATER PAD TRUSS never gels hard. Trusses of every ktown description inelueinir the New Washable WaterprooF. always clean, cool. com:oetable, and durable. Also thm New Triangular Pad Truss. effectual in the most DiftiCult ca-es. Mon Main Trusses from es 6ci. each. Pos tage Free.— WHITE AND WRIGHT, SuleCal Instrument and Truss Makers, 93, Renshaw-strett. top of Bo:d-street, pool.—Advt. (1).

' LINSEED CO llifrOUFD' for Coughs and Colds al:ays irritation. Gives irnraediatb relie".—Advt.

To MontEna.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the pooraufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to tests ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain aad the little cherub awakes •• as bright as a button."ol all Chemists Is 141 per bottle.—Advt. TOBACCONISTS Commencing.— See illosttrated God 259-ages) 3d. Tobazconists' Outfitting Co. 185, Huston. rw.i, Louden, Hairdressers fittsd —Manager. II• fiIYER3. f LINSEED COMPOUND' fcr Coughs and Cold, Asthma and Bronchitis. Of C:IBMiS:3 Only.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
al=

===== 0002601_18991229_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES. • Warr ngton Borough Court. ATURDAT—Before Messre. Birchen fin the chair), It T. Fair- dough. J. Geddes' and J. W. Hayward. DRUNIC—Jarnos Emeris, e stranger. was fined Sc for being drunk in Rose arid Crawn-street at 3-3 J on Friday afternoon. AN INvETERATK THIEF GETS Sirs KONTTlS.—Ellzabeth Hu.nphries. Becklef's-yarfl. was charged oe remand with stealing from the door of the shoo of eirsennth Norman. 76. Winwick-street, at 5 o'clock On the 19qr lust, two shawls value ls 91. She was further charged with stealing from a stall in the Market Place, on divers dates between the 9th September and the 9th October, 25 yards of fancy print, value 6a 61. the property of Mendel Yttrrar. and with stealing frem the shop of William Henry Dutton. Prnwick-street, eight yards of shirting value Is 111 —The Chief Constable stated the facts of the cases With regard to the first case, the shawls in pestion were seen on the evening of the 19th inst safe at the doorway of Mrs. Norman's shop, by an as:istant named Miss Kilduff, who also noticed the misoner loitering about the premises. The shawls were subsequently missed, and the woman had also disappeared. Informatioe was given to the Police and Superintendent Monaghan visited the woman's house later on, and after some inquiries and conversation with the prisoner he found the shawls produced in the house. He arrested her and in her posses ioa were found a nurneer of pawatickets relating to goods which had been stolen feem time to time since Sep- tambee, One of the tickets referred to 29 yards of fancy print value 6s 6d which had been stolen some time between the 9th September and the 9th October, from the stall of Mr Mendel Yurrar. a draper. of Manchester, who had a, lean in the market. Prisoner had formerly been la the em- ploy of Mr Turret*, and assisted in unpacking the print in question. She was discharged RS Mr Yirrear suspected her honesty. The print had been cut into lengths and pawned front time to time with other thing's at the shop of Sir Murray. Pinner's Brow. The eight yards o' shirting men- tioned in the cherge was pawned, and it appeared that it was seen safe at the shop or Mr Dutton on Monday. Octoter 9i,13. and WRS subsequently missed. The woman was nothing less than an habitual .hief, having had nine separate months for various thefts.—PeLoner was committed to gaol for aix months. TUESDAY.—BeI'ore M. Birchen (in the cheir). the Mayor.and Councillors Shaw Green and Smethurst. TEMPT FRoM A WAITING Roo.—Rlizabeth Ockleshaw. last from Manchester, was cheeetsi with stealing from a wee; leg room at the Central Station on Friday morning, a 1 elves silk blouee, a needle case, two pocket handkerchiefs- and a picture book value 305., the property of Susan Widget Saunde s.—The Chief Constable said that the Iprosecutrix was a lady of independent means and resided with tee Rev J. J. Lengharn at Padgate. She elms to Warrington on Friday for the purpose of making some purchases. Among the articles purchased were the things mentioned in the ch--ze, and she ordered them to be sent to the Central Station from Miss Garner's shop in S nkey-street. Shortly befoee neon ahoy aged 13 yea-s was sent wUs the articles to the Station and was told to leave them in the ladies' waiting room in charge e! the attendant. He wene to the waiting room and the only person Present was the re 'Boner. The boy Asked hsr if she was the atteridant. and as she renlied in the affirmative, he give her the parcel to take charge oT. Nothing Was seen of the paecel from that Lime. In the afternoon prisoner offered several articles for sale. She sold the blouse for 3s 61 to a Miss Holt at the " Lower Seven Stars" Inn. She was subsequently ftreested by Detective Rope- and when cha-gee with the offence she made various statements. Subsequently she made ase tte• ment wideh was practically a clean breart of the whole matter. One of the handkerchiefs was found in he- pos- session. and the ueedlecese was found in the eossession of a temp at Frodsham , the pile mer hevine; given it to him. Prisoner was a stranger to the town. Seveal nawnticseis wa-e found In her stockings, and ri:om he- demeanour in the dock he thought she was an " old hand."—Pri,.oner denied that she had ever been in prison.—The Chief Const Lisle asked for a rernamd for 7 days in order that inqu'ries might be made, which was gram ed. A VIOLENT PRISONEEL—John Moran, 3i, Jarne,-,Areet wee cbs.rged with beim- drunk and disorderly :m W;nwisk- street at 8-10 on Saturday nirdat. and also with assaaiting P C. Taylor and a FEI,TI named Waller Bractstvw at the same time,—P.o. Taylor said that at the time in question he was on duty in Horsomarket-street when he Was called t he " Golden Grove" Inn to jet the prisoner who was dr mic and behaving in a disorderly martne7. He was stviking overyose who came near him and wli nese WAS oblieesi to tore him into custody. Prisener there unon struck hint in the face sevaral times and bitted him in the face with his heed. The man 13 .adbury esme to his assintance and shev got the prisoner as far as P tre's Hank when ha he 'lmo very vieleat and aesseiltee ehe man Bred- buy, knocking him to the ground and at- h'm :n the ribs evetneks fist. W tness hed his helnaee knockee off and the 'chin st-a) Was broken. Prisoner "ad to be handcoled. —Prisoner was sent to geoi fo- a m 'nth with hard erboura he Chairman remareing that had is net been Chr;stinas time they would not h.ve let him off so lie htiv. DA.ST TDLY ASSAULT mrS T,IF. MARKET PG/CT.—John Moran was chive( 1 with being drnue and disorde ey in lelareet- street at 11.35 on Saturday night, and with assauting Wil- liam Cann and John leforetie,cl at the same time.- -The cem- Wail:rant Cane did not appear.--Tohn Morefield. an insur- ance agent, residing at 44, Parker street, said teat at 11.39 on eaturday niesht iie and Cann were in Al tr'“st-street when prioner came oat or a shoes and aclnsted him. He said "Are you going to give 2119 anything for a nlght's Witness replied that he ha I nothing for him. Prisoner said " Well I am going te -mething " and made use of a foul eep-eseioe-21 ee .• • wit .eis on t making it bleed very I . anti also eneeeed his het off. Wieoess fell to the ground and when he got up Mr. Caun hed collared the man and put him on the ground. They roiled- over to- gether and witness vreryt to (Ltun's ass:stance. Prisoner picked up M. Cann's, vialeeng stick end rudred at him flouvishina it ehoirt like a enaemarre The street was in an up- roar. The peece aerived end the man was lockedup.—P.e Rya is 11,ving givee eviden prisoner was sent to gaol feet. "tenths ev;rt, hr 1 labour. SLEEPING OUT, 1* erre. Piertre. ee was sent to geed foe 14 clays for being founu .eeepeag on the premises of the Coe- poration at the Gas Wo_•ks, Longford, at 2,45 on Sunday morning.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton Petty Sessions

TRULISDAY.—Before Mr. S. T. Gillespie (In the chair). and

M. R. Stone.

DRUNICENSESS.—The foliowngr were fined To" this offence James Fagan, 2s 6d ; Henry Johnson, John Fi:lon. Richard Wilkinson. James Loftus, Thomas Burke, John Dowd, and Thomas Bernett, 23 6d; Dennis Hinds 3nd Edward Noon, 5s and costs ; John Haves (drunk in charge). 10s and ems. REtrugf,fa TO QIITT.- James Waywell was fined 53 and costs for refusing to quit, "Joiners Arm)," Croft, on the 15th Derennber, when requpsted I) do so. ASSAULT WITH A PciKßlt. —Henry Bailey was Charged with assaulting Abrali,rn Appleton at Haycionk tke 24.,11 Dec.— He pleaded not guilty.—Complainant gave evidence to the effect that defendant struck him over the eye. with a poker and also on the leg.—A line or 5s and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVES EVIDENCE.

The follnwing leter will explain itself,read it for your own benefit.

Derby Arms lon, Stnekporr, February 24. 1899.

llentlernen,—Sorne time Eince I comp'etely I)st my voice as the resu!t of a severe attack of_bronchitis, and all the remedies that I tried wars quite US(SICES and failed to render me the slightest temefit.' A friend induced me to try Lavans Lung Linctus, which, to my pleasure. after using only tbrce days, completely restored my voice. I have not been mince troubled aimilitey, and feel sure it is simply owing to the healing properties of Lavers Lung Linctus. Hoping that my voluntary testimony to tho value of Lavans Ding Linctua may ba of servile to others who may be afflicted in a similar manner.—l amegentlemen, yours truly, E. TURNER.

N Ace tliat a friend recommended Lavans Lung Lino- tus ;he also had, we learn, derived great benefit from the we of Liman; Lung Lineue. It will cure that tick- ling in the throat, bronchitis, asthma. and will prevent a common every-day cold from developing into pneu- monia or consumntion, as is so very often th? case. Kill the cold DV one dose of Ls.vans Lung Linctus, and you will kill the eormq of consumption and death. Al! the local Chern'sts. Co-operative Stores, and Patent Medicine Vendors eell it; at is. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 61., and the proprietors, Green and Co Bolton, London Offiee, 31, Snow Hill, will seed a bottle post free for there prices.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Imperial Circus Queen-Street. . The Impetial Cirens, Queen-street, has during the past week, been occupied by an exceoent variety company under the direction of Mr. James Fioni. A most interesting pro9.ramme is submitted, one of the best items being the trapez;ng performance by Nana, Nano and Nana, "the aerial wonders" Gasnier,"the mighty man eF steel and iron muscle" gives astounding weight lifting feats and the Bo- hemian,' mumieel eccentrics, provide an excellent "turn." Spriggs and Grundy coloured comedians and expert dancers, create much amusement with their contributions.and the songs of Alfred Sellers, eccentric comediansand Miss Bessie Willows are well received. The Andys, give a praiseworthy acroba- 'sic performance, and an exhibition on the rings is given by the Leonzas. The proceedings are en- livened by several clowns, the principal one being "Comical Anderson." Edison's invention, the Mic- rophone, which reproduces songs, &c, is another popular item. On Christmas Day, two sacred en- tertainments were held and were well attended. Afternoon performances took place on Boxing Day and Thursday, and one will be held to-day

COMMERCIAL FAILTIRP:S. A CCM.] i nr; " Semp's Mer- cantile Gazette:" the nomber of failures in England and Wales gazetted during the week endine December 23rd wag 85. The number in the corrrsoonding week of last year wa3 72. showing an increme of 13, being a net de- crease in 1899, to date, of 200.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899

THE FREE CHURCHES.

"lAN MACLAREN " AND CANON HAMMOND.

The epistolary controversy between Dr. John Watson ( " lan Maclaren " ) and Canon Ham- mond concerning the doctrine of Apostolical Succession has excited considerable interest among Nonconformists. Dr. Watson, in a sermon at the City Temple, London, in con- nection with the Metropolitan Free Church Federation, spoke very plainly about a theory of orders which made the ministry of some ignorant, debased Brazilian priest " valid," ai.3 denied this quality to the ministry of Bunyan, or Dale, or Spurgeon. Canon Hammond practically admits the impeachment. Ho points out that the sons of Eli—Hophni, and Phineas—were wicked, yet the efficacy of their priestly ministrations was not thereby impaired, and that Judas Iscariot, though the Lord knew that he was to prove himself a traitor, was an Apostle. Dr. Watson retorts by answering whether Canon Hammond con- tends that Our Lord was indifferent to per- sonal character in His apostles. The corre- spondence has been printed in full in the British Weekly. The controversy is conducted on both sides in a fine spirit, with courtesy and calmness.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. PARKER AND THE WAR.

Dr. Parker has taken practically the same line on the war as Mr. Frederick Greenwood. The Boers, he says, have shown themselves formidable enemies. `Let us offer to discuss terms of pezice with them, fully resolved that if they prove obstreperous we shall continue the fight to the inevitable end. This was Dr. Parker's advice in the Daily News. The minister of the City. Temple is continually surprising and dazzling people. He has followed his article by a statement from the pulpit that he thinks the Queen in an unofficial capacity—" as a woman, a mother, a widow " could stop the war. Flow, he does not explain. "She herself must spontaneously determine. Let us leave it to the instinct and the impulse of her great motherly heart whioh has never. failed her."

THE SUCCESSOR OF THE REV. J. H. SHAKE-

SI'EARE, M.A.

As most readers of this columrn. know, the Roy. J. H. Shakespeare, M.A., before he became the Secretary of the Baptist Union about a yoar ago, was minister of St. Mary's Church, N orwich, a historic pulpit of Nonconformity. It was no easy thing to find a suitable successor to Mr. Shakespeare, but the church has hit upon a good and true man in the Rev, T. B.A:, of Kettering. Mr. Phillips is one of the coming men—if he be not " arrived " —of the Baptist denomination. He has had distinguished success at Kettering, and his people are very sorry to part with him. Mr. Phillips is an enthusiast for the Free Church Federa- tion movement, and very few men have done more downright hard work on its behalf. •

THE SHEFFIELD MEETINGS OF THE NATIONAL

FREE CIIITRCH COUNCIL.

The programme for these meetings, which are to be held from March 12 to March 15, inclusive, has now been fixed. We observe that three hours have been set apart for the discussion of public questions. There is not likely to be any lack of matter for debate. Perhaps it is unprecedented that a member of the State Church, Mr. Walter Walsh, author of "The Secret History of the Oxford Movement," should take part in the proceedings. Mr. Walsh, along with Dr. Barrett, is going to dis- cuss "The present aspect of the Protestant Movement." The great enterprise of the Free Churches, for 1901 is to be a united simultaneous mission, and the best means of making this a success will have to be considered. In view of the concentration of temperance reformers on Lord Peel's report, the discussion on "The attitude- of the Free Churches towards temper- ance legislation," which is to be opened by the Rev. C. F. Aked, the energetic Liverpool Baptist, will be of special interest and im- portance. Owing to the increasingly large attendance of representative members, the number of personal members will be limited, and application should be made at once to the Rev. Thomas Law, Memorial Hall, London.

MRS. GEORGE CADBURY,

the wife of the great "Cocoa King" of Bir- mingham, is an energetic and Christian worker, and almost as well known in the Midlands as her husband. She is very wi.sje in her sympa- thies. For some years she was President of the Birmingham "Union of Girls' Club," which represents all denominations. At the Manor, Northfield, the beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs. George Cadbury, fwo lady gardeners are employed. Some interesting details of Mrs. Cadbury's work is given in the January Free Churchman. WOrall A GUINEA A BOX:"

Mr. Joseph Beecham, J.P., the new Mayor of St. Helens, and the chief proprietor of" Beecham's Pills," is a Congregationalist, and is the subject of an article in the January Free Church Chronicle, one of the series on "Free Church- men in 3.luni:ipal Life." A long review of the Rev. J. S. Drummond's life of Dr. Burry is an interesting feature of the new number. The writer has some new information: On the second Sunday of Dr. Berry's ministrations at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, while he was in the middle of his strmon, the church suddenly filkol with smoke, and the people became alarmed. Dr. Beiry, with the greatest eang fr!)id, summoned the assistant pastor, told him to go and find out what was the matter, and proCewled quite calmly with his discourse. He ri,-etLed the attention :of the people on himself. When the assistant came back he reported that something had gone wrong with the heat- ing apparatus, but there was no cause vhatever for alarm. Dr. Berry communicated this information to the , congregation, and the ;:ervice went on without anxiety or interruption. On Monday morning the New York papers were full of stirring accounts with big, bold headlhvs, of how the young divine from England had calmed an excited congregation in the most wonderful manner.

DR. HORTON •ON MARRIAGE AND GOSSIP.

Dr. Horton has been giving advice to•young women and girls. He thinks it "altogether wrong and unwholesome that girls should be taught to dwell on the thought of marriage as

the one aim and object of their life." But are they so taught? Dr. Horton is dead against gossip and tattle. Like Wordsworth, he would have no personal talk.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

I N view of the approaching Football Season, it may be in- .." teresting to state that the world-famed manuticturers Gar). G. BUSSEY & Co.. of London. are preparing a stock of Balls, which for quality, uniformity. aryl durability, will be unique. These balls will be eliatinguished by the appearance thereon of their well known trade mark <Cala. Ask the local eports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 A 38, Queen Victoria-street. London. Factories —Peckham, London; and Elmswell, Suffolk.—. Advt.

* * Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office. Bewsey-street. Warrington. nat later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE. [SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington v. St. Helens.

The return engagement between these teams was played at Wilde.spool on Saturday, bt fore 4,000 specta- tors. Both clubs were fairly well represented and con- siderable rivalry existed between them, Warriogton haring taken one point nut of St. Helens at St. Helens earl,er in the season. Wartington's front rank was somewhat weakened by the absence of Eden and Scholtze, S. Helens lacking the cervices of Briers in the same position- A collection was taken on behalf of the War Fund, and the Mayor attended and kicked off for Warrington. Mr. J H Smith (Widnes) was the referee and the teams were composed as follows : Warrington : Boscow, full hack: Fish, Smith, Jones and Moores, three-quarters; Bate and Duckworth, half barks ; Taylor. Morrison, Boardman, Fairhurst, Mere- weather, bwift, Jolley and Hatton' forwards. St. Helens : Foulkes, full back ; Liversage, Barnes Traynor, and Dcherty, three-quarters ; Boyle and Apple ton, half backs; Whiteley, Winstauley, Dale, Thompson Carney. Chapman. Bennie. and Prescott, forwards. The Mayor set the ball in motion for Warriegton,and after exchanges, Baarie save '1 from Duckworth's punt. Bate got the nal, away but Jones passed badly to Smith. Warrington early received a free kick, Fish making good use of the opportunity. Then Appleton got away from the St. Helens pack, but made little headway. Smith was cheered for a particularly smart punt. Fnalkes mulled amidst great excitement Jones nearly voring. Barnes raved the situation - with a flying kick. Warrington were on the at- tack, but poor passing I7st ground. BOSCriVi splendidly returned a long punt, and Doherty mulling, Warrington a eain pressed. Liversage changed the 'venue with a eriniant run into the Warrington half. Keen ploy followed Bate throwing wildly in touch. St. Helena passed, and passing swiftly they scored at the corner throtrgh Doherty. Traynor kicked short. Again the Saints reseed finely, Traynor being bundled in tourh. A repacking dribble by Then/neon and Dale, nearly brought about Warrington's downfall, Fieh kicking dead after Boscow had fallen. Jones did vine magnificent tackling, but St. Helena played a very strong game. Boyle was penalised and the free Jkirk was useful to Warrington. A tonch-kick sent the ball lantmeng off the crossbar, and Traynor had an easy drop but failed. Fish got away and lace :Foulkes, but had no chance for the hoe. St. Helens raced to the home la-if and Doherty eh( nld have scored but keeeketi on. A moment later Liversage got an easy try near the posts throwah a misundetstand- ing among the Warrington hicks. Traynor kicked a goal. To add to Wareingten's rd;sfnrtunes Fish was. carried off hurt before the intw val. The home forwards created a diversion by dribbling into the St, Helens half. Doherty kicking in touch evenly. Smith tr;ed hard tn score. hut was unfortunate, play settling on the line. Pith retrirned amids.; terrific (tearing. Bata was a:most over, but the luck was on the St. Helens side. Hal:Aisne : Sc. He!ena, 8 points; Wrngton. nil. Traynor rrstarteil, Fish going centre in place of 'Jones. Bale rot posses.ion and threw right over Jones'e head, Warrirgton goi, to the line by a grand for .card rush. Mereweatber then scored for Warrington, but the try was di.allowed. , A second later Bate scored under the goal and aaain the paint was disallowed for informality. Moorea tried at the corner but was knoakcd over the flag. Play proceeded in the Warrington half and Tray- nor nicely tricked Warrington lay kicking from touch into Appleton'a hands for the latter to ran over at the corner. Barnes hit the upright with his kick for noel. Warrington could make no headway against the excellent defence et the Saint'. 'Traynor was a host in himself, and repeeedly foiled Warriugton's efforte to score. Play tecaerre ve-y uninter sing, the visitors re- lying principally on marks and pu .in. Fish was con- spicuous with smart play, but hi if arts were unavail- ing. The final came with the g raading St- FTelens 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points), Warrip on nil.

Warrington v. R loon/. A Hard Gar

Warrington met Runcorn for th, ;r3t time this ss- son on Box;ng Day at Irwell-lane, Rt .orrl • Fine weeher favoured the fixture but the E nod was in a very mudiy state. A holiday crowd of t out ,000 assembled, several hundreds coming from Wa rgbn. fhvstors from various causes, bad a wrak t o,Bate, Isherwor.d, Morrison and Moores, being at, nt. Ilurcorn'G or

cha floe wag Nickson for Jolley at hz.lf back. Mr. McCutcheon was referee, and the ~ayars lined out as folio ws

Warrington Boscow, full back; Jones, Smith, Fish and Hockenhull. three-quarters ; Allen an.l Duckworth, half backs; Taylor, Boardman, Me-ryweather, Fair- hurst, Batton, Switt, Eden and Jolter. forwards. Runcorn: Houghton, full back; Wilkinson, Warder, Butterworth and Jones. three-quarters; Faulkner and Nicksen, half backs ; Farmer, Walker, Reece, Darling- ton, Lightfoot, Hughes, Tomlinson, and Taylor, for- wards.

The game started punctually, Taylor setting the hall in motion for Warrington who turned out with 14 men, Hockenhnli not having arrived. A few minutes scrambl- ing play followed and then Runcorn by a fine forward rush reached the Warrineten line. Eden saved pluckily. Scrummages followed and the home eight got the ball out. Faulkner, Butterworth and Jones transferred smartly, the latter getting in at the corner. Houghton made a miserable attempt at goal. Runcorn kept up the attack, the forwards in particular doing excellent work in the open. They became dangerous again, but were checked by Fish in clever fashion. Esciting incidents followed, Bcscow having his kick charged down, and the ball, luckily for Warrington rolled dead. Heckenhull now appeared, and play became more even. Allen got in a punt which changed the venue, but Houghton re- turned with interest, his strong run and punt causing Warrington to defend. Warrington got down to the home 25 by means of a forward dribble, and play waged here for a time. Nice passing by Duckworth, Fish and Hockenhull gained ground. Bos- cow helping the movement by a strong punt. Eden forced a minor, and Warrington attacked with great spirit, but little skill. Runcorn replied vigorously, bat their efforts were very crude. JOPPS tried hard to get in at [he corner from a pass, but was well tackled by Jones and Butterworth. Runcorn came away again by fine ferward play, Fairhurst having to fall on the ball near the Warrington line. Houghton lost the advantage by a mull and play again settled on the home line. Eden got ever but was offside, and then the homeetea slowly worked bark to the Warrington half, where Farmer made big efforts to break away. Even play followed to the interval. when Runcorn led by a try ta nil. Farmer resumed and Runcorn were early in the War- rineten half, Butterworth kieting very judiciously. Farmer got over. but Heckenhull was just in time to touch down. Houghton punte:-.1 to the Warrinr...ton line, but Fish saved smartly. Warrington were bard pressed and Duckwerth being, penarged for a knock-on Runroin should 1-ave got a goal, but Fattner's; kick was too low. A cross kick to Butterworth looked dangerous, bee the clever Rurcornian was prcmptiv grassed by Jones. Poor passing by the home team lost ground, and Sm;th playirg well for Warrington, a safer position was taken up. The visitrrs got .possession and put in a really clever gassing bout, which ended in Jones racing over from Smith's pace. Cheers from the Warrington crowd went tap, tut de.appointment was in store, as the linesm2n ruled Jere; to have been in touch. Hard luck for War- rington ! Runaorn were now having an anxious time. but Houghton, Butterworth and Wilkinson shone on the 'defence, and presently Warrington were borne back. Boseew sent in touch, and the Warrington line had a narrow escape. The tackling was sure and certain, and Runcorn were checked repeatedly. Time arrived with the score unaltered, Runcorn gaining the verdict by a try to nil. Vi A a RINGTON "A" V. Si'. ri ELM'S A."—The corn tret Fefwn these teams took place at St. Helens o Saturday. Crossley started for the home team, who were at once compelled to defend. The St. Helens forward; lusher! r- 'y, but Al'en cleared Good corn- eination by the Warring in backs resulted in Cunning- ham s7,ering a try. The visitor; then had to defend but played well. Jewkes had hard lines, beim., pulled down nn the hr e from a scrimmage at the viPitors' line. Penn- ire_, ton scored for St. Helens and half time arrived with the score of one try each —Final. Warrington three trya, St Helens two tries.

-. • RUNCORN" A " V. FLETCHER RUSSELL'S, WARRINGTON —These teams met on the Irwell-lane enclosure.Runcorn on S4turday afternoon, before a fair muster of specta- tor 4. In the first half the teams appeared to be pretty evenly balanced and neither side could claim advantage but on the change of ends the " linnets "pierced the visitors' lines twice, Derbyshire and Worthington b-ing reFponsible for a try each, Niclison in the first in- Stance kie in a goal. The locals thus added another to their list of victories by eight points to nil. Daring the e‘cond half play was generally of a scrambling character.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Lancashire Alliance.

WARRINGTON v. :,BKL3IErSDAI.E UNITED.—This match was played at Skelwersdalo on Saturday, b.-fore a poor attendance, Warrinaton kicked off thirty minutes late, qr:irig to the late arrival of the referee. The game opened even,each side being visited, hu ns defence was safe on I:.:,th sic. Afterwards the

United assumed thci aggressive, numerous shots being sent in. Then Warrington broke away; which resulted in a corner, but nothiie accrued. Play was now of a desultory character. Half time :—Skelmersdale United, 1 goal, Warrington nil. Final, Skelmersdale 2, Warring- ton nil

===== 0002601_18991229_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN CUP.-REPLAYED TIE.

WAREINGrON v. CASTLE HILL.--ThiS match took place at Warrington on Boxing Day before a good at- tendance. The visitors displaye,l their full strength, but the Warrinzton team lacked the services of Downer and Hackett. The visitors played with the wind and Warrington opened wih a strong attack, Cennor ehoot- bag over. Castle Hill defended well, and their forwards repeatedly brcks away and tested Aqpinall with smart shots. Warrington returned, and Riley and Connor shot well. Half time arrived with the scorn : Castle Hill, one, Warrington one. Both teams quickly got to work in the second half and Connor gave Warrington the lead. Good work by Connor resulted in Pierooint adding another goal. Final :—Warrington, 3 ; Castle Hill, 1.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CUP. Second Round.

WITTON ALBION V. GOLBORNE.—On Christmas Day these teams met under the above auspices, on the ground of the former, before a fair attendance. Witton won by four goals to nil. WINNINGTON PARK V. NORTHWICH VICTORIA.—Theso teams met on the ground o the fornaer in the Eecond round of the aboya competition. on Saturday afternoon. Scorn: Northwich Viet via, one goal; Winnington Park, nil.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PEOPLE'S COLLEGE.

A Successful Concert in Parr Hall.

An exceedingly large audience assembled in the Parr Hall oat Thursday last week, when the children in the upper standards at People's College St,hool, gave a most enjoyable concert. The school, which is now under the headmastership of Mr. Edward Wallington, is in a most flourishing conlition, and at the present time over a thousand children receive instruction there. The Inspector in his last report says the school is carefully orgauized,and well main- tains its high reputation for discipline and in- struction. The familiar face of the late Mr. Charles Twiss, to whose exertions the school owes a great deal, for its present positim, was missing at the concert on Thursday, but a worthy successor has been found in Mr. E. Viral'ington, who for many years was secand master. In years gone by, when the children gave their annual concert, in what is now the Royal Court Theatre, the entertainments were a notable success, but in recent years, the concerts have been abandoned, probably owing to the lack of a hall, which has now been supplied by the erection of the Parr Hall. The re- commencement of the concerts was welcomed by a large section of the public, especially the parents of the scholars, and the hell on Thursday evening, was packed. Councillor John Crosfield, .T.P., wbo has long been a supporter of the school presided, and the audience included the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Roberts), and several well- known townsmen. The absence of Mr. F Monks, Mr. Long W and Mr. J J Crosfield was apologised for after which

The CHarearax, who had a cordial reception de- livered a brier speech. Be said it must be a great pleasure to all of them to see those children so well dressed, with their clean and bright faces, and to hear them sing. Some two years ago they had to mourn the loss of Mr. Twiss, who was headmaster of the echool for a great many years, and did a great deal to increase its prosperity. The committee .were very anxious as to who they should appoint to be his successor, because they were anxieus that the'school should maintain the reputation that it had held for many years. The committee decided to appoint Mr Wallington who had been second master for a great many years and he (Mr Crosfield), was happy to say that Mr Wallington, lad maintained the reputation of the school, and it continued to be tv.4 flourishing as ever it was before. (Applause.) He was not sure of the nnmber of chil- dren who were educated at the school, but he thought from eleven to twelve hundred, and evidence of the excellent instruction that they re- ceived was that ninety-eight per cent of the chil- dren passed the examination, and the Government grant amounted this year to £l,27o,'Which was the largest grant the school had ever received. He hoped that the children who received their educa- tion there. when they grew up, would be most valuable to the town of Warrington. Many young fellows who had been eduoated there, had turned Out to be•valuable citizens and amongst them he might name their worthy Mayor, Alderman P )berts. (Applause.) He had been most 'successful in busi- ness. With regard to his official career, he was a common Councillor for many years, until he became an Alderman, and now he bad reached the highest position—that of being the chief magis • t: ate of the town. He thought they would all agree with him that he was well worthy of the office. (Applause.) Speaking egain of tho position of the school, Councillor Crosfield said be believed there were only two schools in England that were equal to People's College and it was a great credit to the town that they had such a school, so ably managed, and which turned out such excellent men. He wished it every success and wished to say also that they were very grateful to Mr. Wallington for the admirable manner in which he conducted the school. (Applause) Ihe concert was then proceeded with ; the pro- gramme being of a miscellaneous description. Many of the songs were of a patriot:c character and most appropriate at the present juncture. There was a strong chorus of 350 voices, under the conductor- ship of Mr W H Payton, Mae Bac , the singing master at the school, and the manner in which the various items were given bore evidence of the painstaking care which must have been taken in training the scholars. There were three soloists, Miss Lena Dobson (soprano), Mr. George Clay (bass),and Mr. Arthur Griffiths (tenor). The program ase commencsd very appropriately with the singing of" Rule Brit innia "with much verve. followed by the national song "The Englishman." Special mention should be made of the chorus "The whistling thiel" in which whistling was introduced and proved very popular with the audience. Other choruses incluoed "God Bless tile Prince of Wales" " The King's Own" and" The Star of Bethlehem." The most popular item was undoubtedly Kipling's "Absent-minded beggar," which was capitally sung to Sullivan's setting by a number of boys, all the children joining in the chorus. This is the first time that it has been sung before a Warrington audience,and considering its reception on Thursday night, it seems prol. :We that it will become a popular tuna in Warrington. It had been announced that owing to the length of the programme, no en- cores would be allowed,but the audience were roused to such a state of enthusiasm that they practically insisted on one. end the last verse had to be re- peated. 'I ,vo of the most interesting items were the gipsy song and dance by the pupil teachers, and the fan song, by the girls, each of which had to be repeated. Great credit is due to Miss Brown under whose tuition the performers had been. Miss L Dob- son was suffering from a, cold, but nevertheless she gave a very c editable rendering of the " River of Years "and "The songs the children sing. Mr George Clay possesses a robust bass voice, and his contribution " The storm fiend," was very praise- worthy. He also sang in company with Mr Arthur Griffiths, a duet entitled "The battle eve," wnich was expressively given. Mr Arthur Griffiths'a voice was heard to great advantage in" Bonnie Mary of Argyle," and in response to a well-deserved encore he sang" The island of dreams." Before the con- clusion of the concart, - -

Mr. J. R. YouNo propwel a vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding over what might be des- erihei as one of the most enjoyable concerts ever held in connection withTeople's College. r. JACKSON-11 OLMES seconded.

_ Councillor CROSFIELP, ill req?onse, said be had always taken an interest in the prosperity of the school, because it was one of the most valuable in- stitutions in the town.

Mr. E. WALLINGTON in thanking all who had taken any part in the concert, and the public for their attendance,said the large attendance was very gratifying to him and to the teachers, and was exceedingly encouraging to Mr. W. H. Payton, the singing master. The pro(!eedings: closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WEAK MAN

QUOULD send for a Descriptive Treatise on the Modern and Successful Treatment Or Nervous DiseaAes and Physical We - &mess in Men, inciuding Premature ET • haustion and loss of vital Energy, with other allied aftc3tions by local absorplion e , without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced res.mrches in the subject, t•••gether with numerous recent testimonials ehowing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this opt: )r • tunity of being quickly restored to perf€2,t health. Sent in a plain sealed envelope, tree of charge. E. NORTON, 59 & 0, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, Consultations personally, or by letter free of charge. ES:At:U.97ED OVER 30 YEA. S.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
„irully viP e • ‘0,1N4/019..y.77 Vi;4ll a C- AL'ugh.

we decided to give

a trial."

THOMAS 1 (From a phi

DELVIENNE. totograpb.)

Thank goodness for those "god accounts of your Scott's Emulsion" which Mr. Devienne men- tions in his letter. Iu advertising Scott's Emulsion, it is a pleasure to fenitbat the preparation itself jus- tifies the claims we mAke for it, and that those who take it universally g,ve a good acc.-4unt of it. In these days of secret nostrums and clap-trap nme- dies, Scott's Emulsion stands out conspicuously, because, in the first place, its ingredients sr? not kept a secret ; and in the second place, it is per- fectly in accord with medical science.

The child, whose photozraph we here reproduce, had •a cold which grew from bad to worse, and un- dermined his health. The father writes :

"3, Tunley Road. Hari, sien, N.W., "April 27th, 1899.

" Gentlemen,—l think it my duty to inform you of the great benefit my little son—rhomas—has de- rived since taking your Scott's Emulsion. Soon after his-birth he caught a very severe cold, which gra- dually became worse and worse until he was five months old. From a very fine baby, when born he gradually wasted away. During that time all me' dieine he took did not have the least effect. In fact, at one time I never thought weehould rear him. Flaying read such a lot of good accounts of your Scott's Emulsion,we decided to give it a trial. After he had taken one bottle we noticed a great improve- ment in him, so we continued to give it to him f. r some considerable time. It has not only cured

Having read such a lot of good accounts of your Scott's Emulsion, It

his odd, but has ai,:e made him a fine stronz rind healthy boy. When,ver he ha; a siiLlr, cold leh It certainly give him Sates Emulsion at once. in pre- ference to ::ay (tiler medicine, and I am sure it wi'l have the same beneficial results as be:ore. I she I recommend your E nulsim whenever an op )r tunity occurs.---1 remain, gentlemen, yours faith- fully,

"(signed) P. DEVIENNE."

Everybody knows that cod-liver oil is a standard remedial agent used the wolld over by (ho medic ‘1 profession. Everybody does not know, however, that the system has to emulsify the oil before it is absorbed. and that this is largely a mechanical pro- cess which changes very little the character of the oil. In Scott's Emulsion this emulsifying work is done for you, and consequently you get the most benefit from the oil with the least possible effort of digestion. In addition to cod-liver oil, Scott's Emulsion co:stains hypophosphites and glycerine, and we have no hesitation in saying that Scott's Emulsion is in every way more advantage- oas than any other form of cod-liver oil. The sweet taste alone of Scott's Emulsion is enough to corn- msnd it to anybody. You can obtain a sample of Scotts Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Sr.:ott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists,93, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C., and mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

,--..,- _,,,,,,:, _..--- ...•••-•._.;-_, /47- ..,--.1!, 1\•-.....,-- :-.,.....,---..• ...')\ / ~,,!: '',;r:':_-_•E';,,--:z.,:, %''''' --...,'-",.;;••-•11.111m*Zy. -.,,,‘..,k, ! ((...i. , ..4 -'7--;__-_;iii .C. 4-cr ~, 4-, • ..! .: : ,,,. , 0,,f ~,,k ~. ~...• ~., „:„..,.,,:„....,,, .„.„..v. „ i . ~... . :Eii, : ::::::,,,i ::::::::::::: =:.;'::•:::\ \I "--:ii ................ 1-i'lik 'l° - ,vi.,..."....: ................................ ;i;'''(t\t' - Ac., ~,•—..L-:::::, ;:i ......................... :::ii,Wg4ii - ....:,..; ...i,_ ----_:.... .............. .... .;. .. .i . .;:::..i,,k,., '-: :•••••:••11 ................ ' ;,, . • . _:::.!•::.,,-...-,-, --- ,'" ti,•::,—. . ' ......... Ei .... 1, ,!'; . i .... :•':::::., . ..... - - ....,•:::•: : ::::,:iliEii:: ,:. ' :::.: :ii4 '• -"''%-"-ziiii:::: i i:itl:.:. ' • ' 0 - ...: ............. =.'' . ...; . : ............... ...,:'.:":1 ..,.....____.•-......,_;:_liiiii:giiil; ... f:, .... i .......... ii....i.:" •-.L. , .... r.: .... :•::•..:-•.. ............. .7"-s,•••=i---==----iSEVAiiiiiL:i.ii iii :iiiiiii ,-.-,,_ -_.....;;•'--•---Eli- ::-.212-ii ........ 00.1..,...1,. , ........ .1.---,t0,:::: ........ lii',"--.::::•.-..:,, '9.(!:'::. :i:"."---::::.::: ..... „::,....,....11'•M'a • ................. ......: .. :.:.........-.."11, :,!i:i::::;i::::::::::::::::f:::::::::777-7-• -77. ... :.:;:::::::••::::•;::::••:: : ................ •• (;;:*::::•:::::::::.••::::::,:::::::::::::7;::::::::::::::::ii,:;:::i;::ii::::::: ..... . _...... ••••,„ -.,.\ ,%1Xi:::j::::::::::::::::i!iiiiiiiii::7:i!!:::::::::ii:::::••::'••:,•': ...... '• _.,.., ii,W.:::::::.,i'i;riii'iiiiiiii:::iiiiiiiiiii:::::i;!::iiiii;ii:::i:,::::!;;;:•"‘•.:::-",-.--.....—ii _ .... ...-,,,,,...v : .4ji•'.::ii:::::::::::i:;:;i1:7I.,_0-1:1 .... :::: ..... ::iii•:::.i:iioiiiiij,:*:;.;:=.---- ~„,\,...„ .- , --I,6lo§:.,.g.illi:iiiiiii ...4.4_,-......." .-- V.1.,.....M.:,....',.\.',....V.:::.,::...,1,.....:....,,1.',.:••.:,.......::.............. , , 5v........,:"..."....,....",••••:•.............-....„., 4i,,,,,-.....,,.....,....-......................,.....,:„...:.:....:. , ... -vii,..:::..... .:,.,.....;,.,...-.:......,....,..J......j.. .. ..• .. , . . . ~,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Eleynce in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROG atiMM ES FOR Sol REES. PROG RA M M ES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FE rEs, &c. Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions r.f Sale. Circulftra, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balis, Ac. ; Rules for Fiiendly, Borldin.c. and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Ruin, Time Slke..l and Boets,litote Headino.Memorandums,Wor4 Notes Bi'l do, Business Visiting and Mourning C.srds, Handoll's, Solicliors, Merch Inks, Manufacture s,Tradtsmen, and oth, .s recielring Printing of any description are requested to give a

ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY, AND ECONOMICALLY FRONI • PRINTING FOR CORPO ATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES. pRINrING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS. ' PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

LEDGERS. DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES' PR NTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

FRINTLNG FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PUN r!NG FOR BANKS. PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING OR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING, FOR TRADESMEN,

MODERN M Eraups. MODERN PLANT.

LO vt, ES C PRICES. QUiCK DESPATCH,

2ND GOOD PRINIING.

THE EXAMINER SERIES

OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

COMPRISES THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshise Examiner pub - lish•d Saturday mottling The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing toe as and ,71,Iages, and a la ge agricultural tract. THE Eal cestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton, Golborne, and Hr4doclc Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field. E St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Treekly New., published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Xing- dom. ac. TRE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn. log. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. TE Widnts Examiner, published Friday mora- l_ ince. Widnes contains the largest number of 'Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming au important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, 14 3.,ure, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted In all the above papers at one charge.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PR E PAID ADV ERTISEMEN TS.

One charge a( ure nsertion o!" the undermentioned Adver. tisements hi ALL the FIVII EXAMINEW.

WANDS. TO BH Las ON SALES, Words 18

}* • 18 WORDS 6D., And .3d iur each succeeding 9 words. One Three 6.x Week Weeks Wt•-ks Os. 6d. ... is. 3a. 2s. (id. Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. 35. Oct. is, Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Oct. Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id 5. Oct. Is. 6d. ... 3s. Sd 63. H.

Advertlsl,rs of Situations Wpnteci,..ituations gr^nnt,Apart- Trouts Wanted. Apirtmenci la be Le. Paaner hips Want: d, Money Wanted. Specific Articles foe Sale by Pi ivaie Contract, Miscellaneous Wants. Houses and other Premises 0 be Let ,oesold, ha r e thus the opporLunity of

===== 0002601_18991229_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
• V - 4 I 1 --. • q , i 4 P 1..,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
RAI-LAVA% TIME TABLE DECEMBER. FROM WA.RRINGI ON ACtOn Bridge-7 10. 7 40, 8 28,9 60, 10 20, 11 35 1 25, 255 5 20, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Alttsar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 1 14. a 3 22, Sunlays 9,36 2 5 8 66. a Stops if regimen. Birmingham (L N.-W.) a 2 53. 83 23, 7 10, 9.50 11 57 5 20. 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMondays excepted' Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 5 0 6 65,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -.529.5 45. 833. 957, 11 59, 2 10, 4 50, 6 28, 50. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56,11 53,12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, 6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 4:. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton- 8• 5, 9 19, 10 40, 13 14. 115, 3 32. Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57 p.m. Carlisle-5 9, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 2 13, 4 59. Sun- days 3 35 Chester-7 7, 8 17, 95. 10 20. 12 30 a 2 15, 2,23 3 16, 4 22, , .5,7. Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 aMondays excq3ted. Collins Green-75. 85,8 33,9 25, 10 10,12 7.2 35,3 40, 5 15, 833,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 3 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 83 23, 7 10. 9 50, 11 57 1 25, 2 5, 5 20, 6 22,7 20,11 34. Sundays 2 58,10 1 54 5.11 35.a.dond ays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 7, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Milland)-5,51, 6 45. 953. 11 55 12 2), 12 55, 4 7 ;0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m • Barlestovi n-5 45, 7 5,8 5,8 25.8 35, 10 13,10 20,11,55 12 7,12 -25 1 55, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5 is. 5.20 6,33 , 78. 7 43,5 25. 10,30 Sundays, 1 43 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53. 1 55 3,20 5 20, 6 17. 30. 948. Sundays 6 48, 240. 3 U. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5 10 23. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 57. 6 4 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 35.12 0 18, 2 15. 4 0 75,80. 89 49, 210 25. 11 33 Sundays 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays ex:tented. Glasgow-237. 5 29, 9 56 1150. 1225. 210, 450. Golborne-5 45, 7 3.8 35, 10 55, L 25, 1 15, 3 50, a 23 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12, 7 57, 83, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, -4 0, 60, 75, 80, 89 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 11 25,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSatardlys excepted Irlam and Cadisnead (Central)-7 9,7 51, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 9 33. Latchtord-From Arpley Station-5 20, 7 22, 30, 3 35, 9 0 9 Ws, 1.0 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 1 6, al 45 9 27. Sundays 8 50. 33. 3 12. aSatardays only. Liverpool (L. A 1,1.-W.)-3 sa, 5 13, a 3 32. 15, 5, 635 9 25,11 0, 12 '' ; 1225, 2,35 3.40 520. 78. 740. 1030. Suniay 35, (310, 5 30, 6 35, 843. 3 28, 510 6u, 9 34. From High Level Platform. aMotida.ys excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 30, 823, 10 9 1153, 1 ob. 3 80,5 &O, 6 0,3 Sundays 8 43, 2' 8 50 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 'I 07, 8 31, 95, 10 24, 120,13, 18, 2 15,3 37. 40. 5 55. 16, SU,b3n4i 10 25 11 39. Suucla.;,s 9 J, 9 55. 1125,2 39. 7 10, 5 18 10 18, 10 43 aSaturdays only. bexcent .aturdays. LOuo.ou‘l... AN. W.)-2 58b, a 3 21, 7 10, 950, 11 57, 2 0 5 20, 622, 11 34. undays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 36,88londays excepted. aMuudays only. London (Midland)-5 91, 8 46, 9 58. 12 66, s 0,6 55, 11 52 Stuldays ii 46 a.m., 0 15 p.m. Lymm (From Arpley Btation.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 33, 9 0,9 55 1049,12 35, 1 14,2 as, 3 36, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Aundays 8 Sc). 3 8 8 12. aSatuidays only Manchester (L. A N.-W.) 5 45, 7 D. 6 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 43, 1055, 1214. 1225, 115. 219, 332. 4 26,5 20, 717,88, S 20. 10 3u. Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 6 0.? 57, Fzum High Level Flattorm. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 6 277 22, 80, 3 35, 90, 9 58, 1049, 1 14, 2 25,3 38, 4 11,6 13. 78, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12 , Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10 55 116,11 53, 1255, 155, 255. 355, 4 ob, 555, 6 65 7 55, 8 13, 8 55, 9 55, Sundays 6 56, 9 57, 10 14 0, 3 15,5 15, 1 18,8 55 9 25 10 0. Middleviich-7 40, 10 23, 2 558, 5 358.7 20.1/Saturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35, 1 25,2 55,0 35.7 23. Sundays 10 15 atm • Newton4e-Willows-7 5, 8 5, 8 35,a9 19,10 20, 10 40, 10 55 1225, 115, 332. 3 50, 4 26, 450. 520, 7 17, 9 20, 9 55. Sundays 8 43 a m 3 35. 5 15, 6 0,9 64a via Kenyon. nradgate-7 0,7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 28, 11 6. 12 0 1223, 1 40, 3 50 §.28, 7 10.8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47. o 15, 935 Freston-2 37 5 29, 5 45, 8 39, 9 55, 11 53, 12 25, 210, 350 4;50, 628 7 17, 8 50, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 237 8 43, 335 0, 9 54. aSatuidays only. Runcorn-7 3u, 823, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 0 •Sankey (tor Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 82 2115, 2 58, 4 0, 5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 810 25, Sundays 90, 11 25, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted b3a.turdays only, cl4lto •Idays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46, 10 55 1,55, 3 14, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15. St Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35.9 25,1010, 10 55. 11 55 1 2 1225. 235 3 40.5 20,6 33,7 8, Satur ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30 bundays 8 35.8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, ag 39, 11 2, 114 322, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 9, 8 55, aSatur 1 days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,3 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 23, Z 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, tt 50, 3 8, 8 12. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756, 9 19 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, b 29, 60,75, 80, 9 25. a 9 40, blO 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36. 2 39, 9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11. 53,1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, ?. 40,8 0. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 55,11 50, 12 25,1 15. 210,3 4, 3 50,4 50.5 20..6 28,7 17,8 50.9 43,9 55- Suuday,2 37 § 43,3 35. 6 0. 9 fi4

LU WALLI/INGIO2 tx..051. Acton Bride-6 30.7 45, 852, 11 2, 120. 3 33, 445, 7 20, 830. Sundays 75, 442. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 26, 12 48, 7 18, 8 24 9 57 .6nridays 9 20, 2 21, 8 22. Birmlugh.Lin (L. & W.)-3 10 550 7 20, 9 10, L 2 25, 2 0 5 50, 7 25. .:undays 3 10, 12 40, ri 0. Birmingham (aidland)-6 5, 1 42, 6 50 11 46, 1 23 5 45, 6 50, blO 30 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 biixcept Nondays. Blackburn-8 50.10 43,12 30. 3 47, 753 Sundays. 3 0 1, 1 47 5 40, *Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7.'.3,8 5,10 30, 11 40 1 40, 3 15,5 23, 8 35 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 S /2, 1 35. Blackpool (Central) -7 55, 8 25. 10 0, 2 55, 4 /0, 4 53, 5, 6 50, 815. 198 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 457,8 43. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 30, 9 10, 10 25, 12 30, 5 10,7 15, 8 35, 1050. sundays 8 20 a.m., 6 5,9 23 p.m. a Saturdays only. Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 0 55, 8 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-7 25,8 40. 10 10, 11 40, 20 1 53, 2 43, 4 20, 3 50, 5 15, 6 35, 7 30, Sundays 2 32, 4 35. 63),G 55. 'Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24, 11 21. 12, 38 1 8 138,2 10, 3 10, 4,1, 5 38, 623, 6 36, 7 43, 06. 10 46. Sunday 7 15, 8 lia.m. Crewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 33,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 250 415, 545 640, 85. 90. Sundays 21. 455. 710, 245 4 10,9 20, 4 55. Daresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 27- 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 40, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 50, a 35. ablitcept Mondays. liarlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26 10 28, 11 20 12 42, 16, 18, 142, 13. 3 11. 3 14. 515, 542. 5 52, 639 7 33. 8 8 9 10, 9 20, 12 0, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 3 45. 7 2"4 Fiddler's Ferry it Penketil-7 12, 9 5,9 45, 12 24, 2 9, 327 '1,6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 L 2, 257.62. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 31, 6 57, 8 31 Bundaye 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 30, 90, 9 50, 10 48, 11 10 12 0, 14. 2 11, 35, 4 58, 59. 556, 6 1 , 124 9 40 i giundays 8 23. 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Gclasgott-a9 5, 1010. 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 96, aMon day excrpted. txolborue-6 44.18 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 33, 5 30,7 15, .11) 9. Sundays 9 40, 75, Hough Green-7 45, 8 15, 9 9.. 10 3, 1055. 1.17 130. 2.22 3 16, 5 10, 5 23, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 15. sundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4, 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 tindays 10 59, 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 14. 8 40, 9 34, 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 3 0,4 22, Lb 41, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9, 42.1127. Sundays 823 33, 7 23. aSaturdays only. bliaturdays excepted. Liverpool( via Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 05,60,7 00,8 0,9 25,11 50 Ib. 1 30, 610 4 25. 4 50, . 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,11 15,. Suuday, 10 7 30,9 20. 630,6 54 a ilondays only. Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 20, 6 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25, 2 40, 4 20, 5 20, 65, 83, 10 40, bundaye, 7 35, 2 10, 7 5, 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40, 8 43, 9 38, 033, 11 2), 11 50, 12 43, 1 55, 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, 36, 635,15. 80, 640. 110. Sundays BU, 90, 2 30, 2 50, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33, London th & W)-10 0, 12 0, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215, 415, 530 Sundays 100, 120, lt 0, 5 30, 120. London (Midland)-b 15, 90, 10 5,12 10, 20 40,5, a 9 15 22 0, sun: ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 7, 3 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 8, 111, a 137, 25 2 50 414,55 35, 5 ;-„9, 641 7 41,8 68 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 3 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L 8; 1.4.-W.)-7 45, 85, 9 5, 10 45, 1115, 22 45, 1 5, 1 35,3 40. 420,313.60. 7 5, 7 10. 8 0, 9 20. 10 40 Bundays, 80, 8 30, 90, 60, 9 33. 040 Saturdays excepted Manchester (London-road)-7 25, 7 50. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2C. 340, 555, 520, 65, 7 5, 3 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 1 40, 630 b)aturciays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Lheshire Lines)-5 45, 7 20, 8 30, ag 5,. 933 935. 1030, 1065, 1130, 1230. 13), a 30, 330, 430, 4 4, 5 30, 6 30, 6 58, 'l3O 8 33. Li 0, 11 0. Sunday, 8 30,9 10, 93. 10 4C). 1 etB, a 5, 6 351 20, 9 40, 4 Saturday only. Middlewieh-6 48, 2 47, 6 6. Moore-S 56,9 6, 11 14,12 14.3 47,5 0.7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 g liewtan-6 55. 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 10 9, 11,8 12 38, 1 0,1 28, 1 50 3,2, 51, 5 49, 6 27,7 30, 80, 910. 9 55.11 4. 11 47, 755 Sundays 8 3 949, 10 0, 3 40, 720. 115, Padgate 7 3, 7 48, 8:26, 90, 10 6 19, 2 10, 5 18 7 3, 910 S,lndays 8 53. 11 20, 2 38.9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50, 95, 9 33.10 10,11'28, 123. 3,4 20,640 30,9 45, 1049. Sundays 29, 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. a Mondays excepted. Runcorn 530, 9 19 10 15, 1230, 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, ao. a io. 6anlcey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 32, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 2 40. 343 4 55, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 726. 8 6 932. Sundays, 8 49, 10 8 3 40, 5?, 928. Bhe3leld-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. Lt Helens-6 20,8 53, 8 28, 9 10 5, 10 25, 11, 10 12 3, 55.1 25, Z55,4Q,5 75,6 10? 26. 8 508 0, 6uadays 0,9 U. Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 1.',12 33.2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 70,8 5, 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 9 30, 9 55, 1112, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18. 5 37, 63, 645, .' 45,9 2, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnee(C heshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 1/ 12. 12 25 1 25, 2 30, 3 34, 4 25, 5 29 6 12, 7 16, 7 58, 9 22 11 42, aSun- day s 8 42, 333, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only Widnes (L &i W)-7 5 8 56, 9 33 10 33, 12 16, 1257' 22, 20, 358, 5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 11 6, BundaysB 14, 2 50, 752 6. _ _

Wigan-6 33, 931. 9 56, 10 0.11 23. 215, 1 45. 4 4 5652, 5, 90, 10 30 hundays 2 39, 9 30, 325, 6 55,11 13. ALL coma RY PEOPLE should read The Rural Work id. weekly, which contains artiAes or `-lc,.ses, Cattle, the Dairy, Poultry, Bees, Rabbits, Pigs. Gardening, Natural History, Botany or the Farm and Garden, the Rome, Foreign and Colonial In telligence, Anwers to Correspondents, etc. It is prof asely illustrated and is altogether, a most inte: eat- ing and inst ructive farming and country paper. A good medium for servants requiring situataons. The Manner offers to send a specimen tree. The address is 110 and 111 t3TIUND, Lo rid is, W.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
• , . "`

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.na.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Mak erfield, Earlestown, GoThorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

_ Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S .411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Ws rrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorks Wigan. Al! Parts—Genera N:ght Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. 1 All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING H 0 USE— Earlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 1045 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green I 1 *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

7-10 a.m-._and 6120 p.m.

6-30 p.m 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 ram. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WILL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiox (Newton Bridge) Preston Junctiom...,.< Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched from the rteceiving Office at Hark town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

_ , 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m And 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m.. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

NIL Nil , Nil. Nil, Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I Nil. 10-15 a.m I Nil.

TOWN DBLIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen 7-0 a.nA.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, 8c Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- beriand, and Lincolnshire Chcster, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With' s. & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South ticiland Counties 8; South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willovis, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Gliasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, ec Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London 8c Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

7 . a.m. W-30 „ 10-45 „

} 11-30 „

}II-45 } 12-0

11-30 a.m

k 2-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 1 3-15 - ,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EMINENT PREACHER in Boston stopped in the midst of his discourse to mention " that if those who were troubled with a cough were to put one of Or: Loc)cx's PuLmoNIC WAFERS in their mouth it would at once relieve them." He added, "It is a simple and agreeable reoaedy, which I ha vs proved the efficacy of myself." The above was communicated to the Proprietors by Mr John Noble late Mayor of Boston, alley instantly relieve and ra'didly cure Asthma, Consump- tion, Bronehitis, Coughs. Colds, Shortness of Breath,Phlegm. Paine in the Cheat, Rheumatism,—and taste pleasantly. Sold at Is 10., and 2s. 9d. per box.—Advt 1

===== 0002601_18991229_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
. • - • • -4 • ' •

10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18991229_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m

===== 0002601_18991229_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 3-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

11. Nil.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18991229_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC TRAMWAYS.

The application of electricity to street railroads—in other words to mere tramways—his, says " Engineer- ing," been an accomplished fact for ten years on the other aide of the Atlantic, where there are now thou- sands of miles of electric tramways, mostly operated from overhead lines from which the current is taken by a contact trolley wheel. If in this country the develop- ment of electric tramways has been slower, we have at least the advantage that our cities are not disfigured by networks of overhead trolley lines. No such objections hold good for rural districts, and alowly but surely both industrial aril agricultural districts of England are being furnished with electric intercommunication with its many attendant advantages. It may come as a surprise to many who think England behindhand in this respect, when they learn that while the tote! subscribed capital invested in this country in 1899 for public electric supply is about £17,800,000, no less than £20,800,030 is already invested la electric traction. There can be no question of the 'lumens° social benefit, particularly to the artizen population, afforded by this means. 'the problem of the houseaccording to "Elgineer- ing," is the equipment of busy city thoroughfaresewhere for obvious' reasons overhead wires arc inadmissible. To all the three possible methods: that dispenee with over- head coastruction, eiviz., by accumulators carried on the car, by use of slot conduits in the road and by use of surface contacts, objections are not wanting. Accumulators are found too heavy and too short-lived to be satisfactory. Conduit con- structions are objected to as too costly and as interfer- ing too much with the roadway ; while to surface-con- tacts there is brought the terrible indictment—worse than any against the conduit—that nobody has had experience of them. It is some years Mace Mr. J. Lowe equipped slot conduit lines im Washington and Chicago. It is now most significant that in three great capitals— New York, Berlin and Paris—the electric tramwave are being largey extended without overbrad wires. In Paris, where a tentative surface-contact Fiymce.in iir.s for about a couple ot' years been trier' with moderate success,about 48 miles are uow bAng equipped by Mr. Diatto on his surface-contact plan, which Ilas been in successful operatiost on a small scale at Tcurs.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L-.

,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIAIEB, FRIDA.Y, DECEMBE 29,1899.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Feast of Delight

For the Little Ones. PRBSENTS for YOUNG and OLD. Buy all your Gifts under One Roof at Gara.age's Grand Xmas Bazaar , Everything kr Presents. • Forty per Cent. Saved. Free Admission to All. You are not Pressed to Buy at

Garaage's Grand Fancy Fair. Mb Bye Delighted 2 Thousands of Presents to suit y. You should not fait

===== 0002601_18991229_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Give the Little Ones a Treat

By Taking them to GAMAGE's GREAT FANCY FAIR. Free Admissien to All. 'You are not Pressed to Buy at Gamage's Grand Xmas Bazaar and FANCY FAIR, In the Grand New Building. America and the Continent Ransacked for Novelties.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Is a wonderful waterproofer for . • , Those who cannot take ordinary .... I, „...,HARNEISeS.etts of- tens s and preserves the nr. Pli asant odour, allows polish' ...-i-t- , • ..f Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S ing with blleking. GOLD MEDAL 22 IXHIJIITION HIGHEST Edinburgh Coffee Essence with AWARDS. Tins 2d.. 6d., of Boot comfort and pleasure. In bottles iv 0 Makers, Saddlers, fronnienkrers, from all Grocers. Li nidonlifanufactory Dulwich, 79 APAAAAAAAAAAAPANNAAAAA,

===== 0002601_18991229_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I g r k

===== 0002601_18991229_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
r , . -s-) , , • . • • • • p - .• - •

Weak Stonlao3, I.7lpaired Bigestior,:.;

Disonlered Liver 6,1 Female AHrariarrtG.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR

3A LL CO iIPE fITION.

R,50 for 10 correct results ; 25 for 9 correct results (if £5O is not won) ; z.F4420 for next best if neither ,‘so nor £25 is won M 3.0 for next best (if £5O or ,‘25 is won) ; £3 to the sender of the most Co,Tons.

An Aggregate Prize of .roo will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the season (ending April). For example, a Compe;Pzor winning or sharing the ~50 prize will be credited with 4 points; the £25 prize 3 points; the prize 2 points; and the Ll° prize I point. 20 for SHILLING P. 0.; If in Stamps, 15 are required. EACH OF T NUMBERS BELOW REPRESENTS ' -PO-

Aggregate Prize cr ILOO must be wor.

MATCHFS PLAYED JANUARY 6.

1 Notts Forest v 2 Wolverhampton W ...

1 West Bromwich A v 2 Aston Villa ... ...

1 Everton v 2 EtweasCe United... ...

1 Derby County v 2 Blaneneeter C... ...

I Blackburn Rovers v 2 Sheffield United

1 Newton Heath v 2 Bolton NVanderers

1 Grimsby T v 2 Bursiem P Val° ... ...

New Brighton T v Walsall ... ... ... ...

1 TylAesley v 2

1 Devonport A v 2 Exeter ... ... ... ...

WARRINGT Each Cub is uumbPred lor 2. All the L;ompet

'ON EXAMINER" SERIES COUPON. itor his to do is to repe.i th ituintibr of

he Club he so]

reds to win in the

si.ace provided. If a dr iw is intended put X. —NOTE --Don't cut the Coupon into strips, send the complete form. This Competition is run in conjunction with the " Competition Key." and other papers.

NAME

ADDRESS CONDITIONS. I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more thPtt one free coupon. Enclose Id. stamp for every other coupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be en -21,tssi if all the coupons on above sheet aroused Any number of coup ,ns an be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all PoLt.ll Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—No competitor Can take more than one share of the £lO prize. 4.—The coupons must be forw4rded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to lse endorsed Football Coupon." so as to be delivered by the first post on Thursday mornit-g. If the envelope t ears Wednesday's postmark. it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. s.—CompAttors detmnding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Or r (if any), and num her of coup,us sent In the event of the claim proving correct the fe- will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7. All attemlts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. 13.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuceessful co npetitori for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the next competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regalar competitors 9.—The results will appear in the first issue following the result of the matches. [RESULTS OF COMPETITI )N AND LIST OF WINNER.; my PAGE 5.3

ALL TRADESMEN

'sll3uld send for particulars coLeerning the ATAZEPPA DELIVERY CAR.

Ehopkeepers will EA this the most economi- cal means of distributing their orders. It presents,a striking and continual advertise- ment. A youth can deliver goods in outside districts ii much less time than by any other conveyance. Will carry 3cwt.

MAY BR PURCUASHD FOR CASH OR UPON GRADUAL PAYMENTS. Sc-nd postcard tor particulars. post free:

MAZEPPA. t,,YCLE JO., 105, CAZNEAU-,STRRET, SCOTLAND-R OAD. LIT RTiPO()L.

A (1000

FAMILY MEDICINE

WI;'(;;;6;71 -1..d4r2Y ^

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for.'. Take some good Compound such

..golllllllll.- _:11111111- _,,-,-_-;-z, . , - ~ - ~t', -.,•::1;tri,:i?'00 .1.-.1 . t r-- ~.-?,..?.., . - • ....f.;,„, , -' ~.4, ••idirr'",'V- -, ' t..-4T.',,r',-,.,A;i:,,c4i,...5.:-.,, —1 _ --- . \ . • ,i4.42..Whai.- • . .r . . . -. , ~kr..."........,_..v.Z...., -......

_HE _ - A COU N. Free 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ••• • ,N.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLZS ANTIBILICUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so weii, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE r ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
. , tr , , . • . . ~ .: t : ; , ~, , i.: . t if •:,`• '.. t•, ~ , . ••• •• . I 4 I 1.

„

===== 0002601_18991229_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4.4 • A '1 44,4 Tat.H rRi

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Ecc.

. --- The Best in the World. 4 L , it, A I k' • Pure Darjeeliqg Tea. No Blends or D leterious Admix •'''' 'I t' tures. 1/5,1/9,2/2, 3/- & tlj- per ib N LA In 1,5,10 & 20b boxes or chests ' ; 4k A TRIAL of this PURE TEA wil Sai4v anyone of its rerfection. e Dar g jeerin . P Pur The Darjeeling Pure Tea Co., ‘ 1., Coleinan-st., London, E.O

===== 0002601_18991229_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
SYPIONGTO NS

EDINBURGiI

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all

Grocers.

QUARANTEED PURE.

ENVELOPES 2s, PER 15 00 0•

J. WALKER & THE " ELIMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY S TREE r

WA ARINGTON.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' -

41101.-!.'•

===== 0002601_18991229_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
••••- - ~.. •

===== 0002601_18991229_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
. OPECIAL A 3ik BARGAINS OUITABL% • PRESENTS. ?.i1.91-IALE, 'MR OLD-I....sTAFILISHRD ADVERTISING PAW - LEOILE:-i, J 14Wia LE it. SILVERS MIT H. PIA NOPO TB DEALEU, SI,NEIRAL HOUSE FURNISHER (My Speeiality) INne:Quality Secondhand GOLD and SILVER WA by noted lwal and other makers. 3, UPPER DUKE nTREE'T, LIVEL-IPOOL. (Opposite Ur. WM:9' Church, Great aeorge-street). Cienuine f,:rieited Pr.dges at lug than Half Oilikin,l Cost. Cash Advanced to any amount on every description of Valuable Yrei)e:ty, also Scrip Bonds. &c., at a Low Rate of Interest. Highest Pricat given for Old Gold and Silver Jewellery, Diamonds. China. Pictures, Bronzes, Books, Antiques, Curies, Plan's, Organs Furniture, Tradesmen's Stocks, o , r advanced on or ;tared. Pr.rcets ant Ingairies receive prompt personal and con- fidential attention. LAbY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH AND LONG GOLD CHAIN. •

Er 7 2s. 6d.—Lay's Beautiful 18-earatGold Lever WATCH in massive 18-art beautifully engraved cases, highly finished, threequarter plate, keyless action, jewelled in ten holes with rubies, chronometer expansion balance, and good as new • together with handsome solid gold fashionable Long stamileci, indistinguishable from new. Watch alone cost £l2. In case ; 20 years' warranty.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAMOND NEW MOON BROOCH.

EQ 12s 6d —M2v,nificent Diamond Moon BELOOOH, sat V with eleven large lustrous white diamonds, cost re eently EH. Another long Diamond Bar Broo,h, with round centre set with ,:bout 43 beautiful diamonds, only £ll 10e. Worth double. Equal to new. SINGLE SrO.NE DiAiVIOND RING.

L 1.203,i1d.i_5...4e,:rta,,,,:c0:w se pure tti whitesetting. Alet tb-esrtons emRING, b gsn. .04g Anothea fine 3-stone !ling. gipsy set, only 67's 6d. Another 6-stone boat shape, 18-carat setting. only 85s. Dozens to choose frora. all in new condition. Suitable for prest,ntation. 'From 40s to £5). 'FINE 3-STONE SAPPHhItE RING. Cost £2O. ,2 108.--Y.agnammt Sapphire 3-stone three V large lovely sapphires of matchless colour and bril• Haney, set in line 18-carat c aw setting; three match!ess and valuable sapphires. FIAND:iOetIE CHRIS rmAs PIiEbE.NT.

I 55.—Lady's Silver Keyless WATCH and Solid Silver ds L Fashimanle Tassel ALBIAItT. in case complete quite yew ; lihlv finished solid silver keyless wateh, wi,h beautiful k)al gold peadant, finely hand engraved oases, and highest qdality movement, jewelled in every action. Watch alone worth 5Cs. Twenty years' warranty given.

MAGNIFICENT 5-STONE HALF-HOOP DIANIOINIfo. hiNG.

21 Q 15R.--("oA 35 +uineas.—Magnifivent hirge 5-stone -Lti Diamond bet with five large pure white Erazilian diau,,inds col great lustre and brilliance, in massive 18-cit:-at Lall-rnarlfed setting, Will advance EIZ•

LADY'S GOLD KEYLES WALTHAM WATCH,. - le A 15.—Highly-finished Solid Gold Eng!ists Hall-marked `-± Keyless WALTHAM WATCH. massive solid gold cases, white enamelled dial, jewelled movement, keeps dead gun time, qulte equai to new; c st 12 guitv,as a few months ago. Wilt give satisfaction for a lifetime- 30 years' warranty. DIANIO.ND AND zAPPHiRE ENGAGEMENT RING. 103 f' £lO.

RQ 17s Ed. Vely fide Manion(' and Sapphire HALF- HOOP, fet Alth three large-sized diamonds and two sapphires. in 18-carat coronet ssttinsc. A great bargain.

LAPY'b E HALF-E:00? DIAMOND RING. 2 4,-) is 6.:.—Wmth 5 aulneas.—Very handsome HALF- hi HOOP of five love'y Brazilian diamonds, set in 18- carat hall-marked tettin.; ; equal to new ; a bargain.

11ALF-HOOP PT ,k11()NO ENGAAiIDiEN D. ) 15.,.—Mgonificent 5-stone RING, get with five per- feet, I..rge 81Zi3 diamonds, in 18-carat setting. A bargFer •

LADY': CEOICE BALF-UUNFER WATCH. Q 12s. 6.1.---Lidy's very choice Beautiful Hand-en- graved Gold Demi-hunting Keyless WATCH. solid goal engra-ed cases, keyless sction, white dial, extra jewelled, and in perfect condition; almost new; worth double.

LADY':-.1 SOLID GOLD LONG NECK CHAIN. g 4".) 7s. 6d. (Iv or:h 4 guinms almost new). - Fashionable .Q long GOLD CHAlN,very haudsome pattern,stamped A bargain Payment 9.

LADY'S CHOICH; PEARL-HANDLED UMBRELLA: 19S. L.! D. —Lady'J taf.autiful hure Silk UMBRELLA on V Fox's frame, very fine pearl handles, mounted with 12,carat roliri god, and Let with stones, Worth 2 guineas. QuiLe new; with si,k outer cover. GENT'S i'riai!NTATION UMBRELLA. S. t. niiicent ivory-handled UMBRELLA, mounted ti with l-c: o rolled gold (stamped), pure Spitailields adk c.:iver and Fox's frame, with silk outer cover. Quite new ; worth Hs.

TWO CflOitZl WATEit-UOLOURS. BY LYN I'ON. RQ hs.—Very fie Pair of large sizod wATEtt COLOURS, ei in riehly giit frame 3, Ugyptian seenos,by this famous artitt,ly 65. an. pair.

BY THos. RUSSELL aND SONS, cuußca-s t KEE Is Cs A las. 6d.-10-gninea (almost new) Lady's Gold Rev les- wA CC R. beautifully hand-engraved solid gold hall_ marked ease, god dial, extia jtwelled, full (thermometer ad jastment. A. -valuable present. LADY'S GOLD ENGLISH LEVER WATeil. 217 ss.—lfigh-elaes. Gold Keyless lingllsh Lever Wel CCU, by a hieh-etass maker, threequarter-plate, extra jewelled, ehronornet,r be.lanoo and all the latest improve- ments ; ;n very h. avy solid 13 carat Government stamped cases. Twnty -years warranty ; quite new.

%UNE TRAY, DECANFERS, at,cl BISOUII BOX. Ey Likington. Cost L2O. —Magnifi'mat Silvar Al gliality plated I WINE TUAY, with two richly cut Wino or a;pirit Bottles, wad covered Biscuit B in centre, with guards for six wine g!asses. Quite now: it 11.-dadsome presentation piece of F liver.

LADY'S SILVER AND PARCEL GILT JEWEL CASKET, :37 Efkington ; cost £l5 15). EA lO.—Beautiful CAICKT, lilkington's finest class of wolk. in si;var and parcel gilding, lined with ruby silk and velvet. Handsouse prcseut. GRAND REAL FLORENTINE BRONZE GROUP. STAG HUNT By Elington. Worth £3O itTr."'kzlea-unttifLairfaran'aivnerryealmbfixire,. very

===== 0002601_18991229_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
SHAKESPERE L'IIELD BY ELKINGION.

A les.—Msg,)ificeat SHIRLD. ruby -frame, "it fine me larliou centre, with scenes from his plays around border. Rlaington's price, 12 guineas, TO OIID CBINA COLLECTORS AND CONNOISSEURS. CCOLUZCTION of fine old Derby, Worcester, Del% Lovmq,,t t. Sevres. Dresden. Royal Vienna, Cape di Monte, to., In cup and saucer, jugs, vases, figures. busts, &a., to be sold cl!e9p• Make handsome and seasonable present.

FINE OLD EMPIRE DRAWING-ROOM CLOCK. re.—Genuine hinpire CLOCK. in fine old bronze gold gilt. goes It days, in perfect order, grand design. a bargain worth 30 guintas.

LI 0 lAD S UNE R-PLATB, 17

FORFEITED BARGAINS.

£ s. d. 3 10 o—Fine 6-bottle Cruet, by Elkington. 3 12 6—Case P.sh Knives anti Forks, 21 pieces. 1 7 6—Five o'clock Tea set. 3 pieces ; grand design. 1 12 6--, ive o'clock 'lea Kettle, with sphit lamp. 0 14 6—llot Water Jug, beauiliully engraved. 1 15 o—Fine Claret Jug, by itllciugton.' 4 10 o—Fine lispergne or Centrepiece, by Elkington. 6 10 0 -Large size two-handle Tea Tray, Al quality. 3 5 o—Pair of choic- Entree Dishes, loose handles. 1 19 6—Fine Vegetable Dish, three divisions. 12 10 0-24-:neb•t:almon Dh,b, by Blkington. 1 10 0 -Wine .ofcsnter, flue nut glass and Elkingtort plate. 4 4 o—Case oi Knives au.-1 Forks (24 knives, 24 forks, 2 ;win CA rvers pnri steels), in oak case, cheap. 1 19 6--Good quality 'Dm Urn, in perfect order. All these spezval lots are in first-class condition, and very suitable for presentations. Large selection of hilver Plate in stock, too numerous to enumerate.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
EIM,L-MARKED SOLID SILVER.

_La 4 A 104.—Oneat of Solid Silver T&B(413 PLATS of Forks and ~,pons, 230 oz.. fiddle pdtern, iu first-rate condition in look-up Oak Case. A bargain. Cost 160 guineas.

RS eebony pibth;wr,..igPh U 517113.1 OWALl;arbLißnittington, on 58 1,-er SALVER. 20 ozs. Fine old Georgian I;—° attern:.d A bargain. loc—F;ne old George 7-hottla Boat-shape CRU T J./ floe cut botides ; perfect. Cheap. LADY'S SILVER WATCH AND CHAIN. COST £4 103. 91/6 For Lady's first-class S;lver Keyless WATCH and t..) handsome solid Silver ALBERT and Append iges, Sad tial.-marsed hmd-engrave3 and chased czaes,haadsome opal dial, gold hands, and practically new, extra jewelled in 10 holes ; srarrintel to keq: gun time for 10 years : a most valuable curl handsome present at less than half jewellers' prices. _Cash returned if not as advertised. LADY'S OOLD LEVER BY RUSSELL. 2 A 158.-111,01y-flol- hsd Gold Keyle,s Le7er WA.TCH by illus. RusAell and :ions, Church-street, in m:ssive solid gold stamped cases, whfte sunk dlal, gold lv.nds, flat unbre+kablo j.wclled in 10 holes with real rukies, ;ull chronometer baboace, keeps dead gun time; new a few months ago; worta 10 guineas. Handsome and valuable present.

40 AMERICAN '• S TANDARD " ROLLED CiJLI) HUNTERS, COST 503. EACH. 16/6 Each. war:anted to keep dead gun time ; highly fioished. full-plate movemeut. extra ruby. jewelled full eurouometer balance, in massive 14-carat American filled cises ; warranted for five years. A first-class timekeeper, and equal in appearance and wear to a watch at 2D guineas. Sent by r.gistered post, securely hacked. BYTROS. RUSSELL & SONS, CS URCH.STREET. L; 164. 41(1.—First-alass Bilver Lever Open-face wkect unbrulk,bie glasn, fall chronometer Lalance, jewelled 12 holes with robbes, plaiu solid silver had-naurked cases. Two. t., ye,us' warranty.

A CASH DVA:VONS. CASE .a..DVANOSS. LOW LUTE OF INTEREST. JOHN M 6 HALE, PAWNBPOTC4R, AND JBWELLBEt, 3, UPP:4Z,.. 11(.71CT.?-STREET LIVIMPOOL (oppos:L.l D. itlftles' Chapel. GreAt George-street). CASIt AIIVA.AtLei.) on every desoription of Property or Bought for 3-f!,:iie!,t, Ma,dut Prices. Parcels aceive prompt confidential mid personal attention.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS FESTIVITIES.

RUNCORN.

Christmas. the greatest of the Christian festivals, was celebrated in the cutromary manner in Runcorn. At the Chemical manufaAurers, work was suspended on Saturday at wen, with th.i excetioa of e few opera- tions' until Wednesday. The Old Quay Works or the Ship Canal Company were also shut down for a similar period. There was a total stopp:ge at the Docks on Chr stmas Day. It was a black Christmas. The wintry aspect that had prevailed for some days, previowlv had changed a mild 'atmosphere d rain had cleared away the snow. On Christmas Eve there were numerous bands of carol singers, whose strains deserve description as sweetly harmonious, but there ev, re other group whoge themes were secular, but whose musical ability was not in proportion to the strength of their lungs. Good temper prevailed all round however, and kindly indulgenoe was meted out te "Saint and Sinner." On Christmas Day special services were held at the Catholic Chapel and at the Parish Church and Holy Trinity Church, the congrega- tions being fairly numerous. The sacred edifices had been appropriately decorated for the season. The only amusement provided was a concert arranged at the Tneatre Royal by Mr. Caddick, and this iiird.R well p aronised. The day throughout was dull and there I were occasional showers at rain. FRODSHAM.

Here Christmas came and pasied away quiety. The village, generally, presented no s;-•crw but the ordinary, but inside the many residenial abides Ctiristmas tide was fittingly kept up with feastingsj.;kcs and crackers. The tradesmen decorated their wicriows and displayed their goods to advantage for several days.—The churches held the usual services attendant upon the feast and were beautifully decorated for the occasion.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

The festive season of Christm sspassed off very quietly at Widnes. Things were almost on a par with those of last year, and but for a few gatherings of a social character the usual mirthful, seas= was devoid of in- terest. Services were held at the vmrious places of wor- ship, some ot which bad been adorned with evergreens. The football matches provided amusensent for the sport- ing fraternity. In other respEcts Christ,mas Day passed off very much as an ordinary day, a little duller per. Laps, owing tc the sh9ps being closed.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

. Typical Christmas i.veather favoured the winter holi- day in this district. SVet and snow eli continuously in the early part of Monday ,rendering the roads sloppy and very uncomfortable, but as the day were on matters improved scree% Eat, so that locomotion for pedestrians was more pleasant,and as a consequence a good number of people took advantage of the keen brain g air. Al- thoueh Christmas Eve fell on Sunday this did not deter the Earlestown band from following their usual practice of parading the district and playing selections of sacred music, until midnight. One or two choirs also turned out carol singing, but the elements were not by my means I avourable to such a task, sleet and rain falling in considerable quantities. On Chrietmas morning the heed was again early astir, and the district left unex- plored on the previous night, was visited, and the usual Christmas selections were played. There was no attraction et any kind in the shape of parties, but the usual services were held at the various placesof worship, and on the whole they were fairly well atendi d. There was a large exodus of people on Saturday most of whom took advantaee of the privilege grant3d of travelling at quarter fare rate, elaich enabled them at small cost to visit their friends and relatives at a distance. To coun- terbalance this somewhat.there was a fairly large advent of visitors, and on Boxing Day, Earlestown Station presented a very busy appearance, the ordinary bookings being very heavy. The fog which came on during the day, however, eonsiderably interfered with the running of the trains many of them being nearly an hour late, and this naturally caused some inconvenience. Something like 500 football enthusiasts accompanied the Earlestown team on Christims thy to a tydock and they fully enjoyed the entertainment provided for them, rendered more acceptable by reason of their favourites winning by 3 goals to ,nil in a quite uuexpected man- ner.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
BOXING DAY.

The weather on Tuesday was a considenble improve- ment on the previous day, and altheu4h the roads were still very sloppy, the sun came out strongly and shed its genial warmth over the land. Consequeatiy a large number of people were about, and an equally large number left the town by train, bat the fog did not ren- der travelling at all comfortable'. Messrs. McCorqua- dales', the Vulcan Foundry, and Messrs T. and 'l'. Vicars opened their works for business, but the latter had to close again a-. noon owing to tie small number of men who put in an appearance. Moisrs. Sloe and Com- pany did not open, but they resumed work on Thursday morning.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BILL CLIFFE.

Special attention was paid to the Chrintmas feslivet at Hill Cliffe Baptist Chapel, the pastor, Rey. J. B. Hughes, preaching three times on themes suitable to the occasion. In the morning he dealt with the " Question of Peace," in the afterreem on " Helping the needy," aed in the evening on "The questien of thalucarna- tion," and suitable hymns were sung at each service. On Ohristams morning the ancient early morning service was held at half-oast six when the smaller schoolro)m was full to overflewing and a hearty spirit prevailed. Christmas hymns were sung and the pastor preached on "The Pilgrimage of the Shepherds," and a profitable service was enjeyed.— In the afternoon the annual seholars* treat was held when at.out 150 scholars,parants and friends partook of tea. The salt ol was decorated for the occasien. In the evening the public meeting and entertainment was held when the schoolroom was full and an interesting programme was gone through. The pastur presided and gave an encouraging address. Mr. Ernest Grounds, the secretary of the school, presented a brief but clasering report. Master Herbert V. Hughes gave an original prologue in which the school events of the year were reviewed in a humorous vie w,and it was much applauded. Recitations and songs were given by Minses Ada Grounds, Esther Moss, Jennie Fleetwood and Mies Bell and Annie Broadhurst, also by Messrs. J. J. Worrell, Ernest Grounds, John Grounds, Percy Grounds, Joe Moss and John Moss. Addresses were also delivered by Mr. W. Arnold (jun), Mr. H. Bradford and Mr. John Mow'. A dialogue was given in capital style by Miss S J Worrell and Messrs B Keaworthy, George, Septimus and Benjamin Moss, Robert Joins, Herbert Hughes, and J J Lvorrall. An amusing feature of these annual gatherings are the conundrums original and Biblical,which the pastor intersperses between the items of the programme and which are thoroughly enjeyed.

WARRINGTON. At the Barracks.

The day was spent very quietly at the Barracks Ttaero were no decorations, and the usual festivities in the evening were dispensad with. Tbia was in conse- quence of men from both regiments connected with the depot being engaged in South Africa. The usual Christmas dinner was provided, and the men opmt the ' day very quietly.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
The Infirmary.

The day wag spent in a very quiet. Nat pleasant man- ner at the Infirmary. Diatwr was pr-vied at 12 noon, the tea, an excellent one, being given by the nursess In the evening there was th,!uqual well-lailen Christmas tree, which afforded much pleasure, especially to the children. Much credit ia due to the Matron (Miss Watkin) and the nurses for enxbling the patients tu spend the day in much an iv.,:remabl. nvnlor.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Hot-pot Dinner at the Drill _Hall._

The annual net-pct, dinner w,Ls distributed to the deserving poor of the town at the Drill Hall between eleven o'clock and nom. The applications were not ne.aly so numerous as in previ,us years. The hot-pot, which was excellent, was supplied under the direction of Mr. Powis, the carita.ker of the Town Hall. Between eight hundred and a thousand were supplied with a dinner, and seamed to greatly appreciate the thought- fulneis of those who haJ provided It. The dinner was distributed by a number of ladies and gentlemen. Acnonz those present were the Mayor a* d Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Roberta) and several members of the Town Council and their wives.

Christmas Dinner for the Reservists' Families.

The families of the local reserviats who have been re- called to the colours did nst o wi-hout their Christmas ciinner, for 9n Saturday merning through the generositV at Mr. Gill and others, thec were the recipients of beef, :pce,atoes and plum puddings. The diptribution took place in Bank House between the hours of ten and twelve, the visitors includieg the Meilen. arid Mayoress, Mrs. Gilt, Mr. Gill, and tnemners of the Corporation. The arrangements were admica.ley carriel out in the large room adjoining the School Attendance Committee's Office, the gentle men in charge being My. Henry Taylor, Pollee Court Missionary, assisted by Mr. Jones (Chief S2hool Attendance Officer) and his staff. Valuable as BigithrlCP was rendered by a number of ladies. During the morning 58 wives, 84 children and 17 mothers or other dependants were sent away well laden with beef, plum puddings, potatoes, and in many cases with sweets and clothing, the latter being given by the War- ingtoa Needlework Geild through Mr. Tailor. Christmas at the Post Office.

IThere were early indicatif,ni of Christmas traffic at the Warrington Post Office. The presnfre became notice- able asitarly as Monday,then increasing day by day until the 23rn (Saturday) whPri the eiinrix was reached. The posting on Sunday the 24th was exceplonally heavy,and taxed the efforts of the staff arranged to cope with it, which was cosiderably in excess of that reqnired to deal with a weeknight mail under tic,rmal conditions. There was no curtailment in the time of posting on any day, and such arrangements were made 1181 ensured the due despatch ef all the mails; with not a single letter left behind. The I de:iveriee were very heavy and oo the bosier morn- ings were duplicated and in some cases teplicated. Horsze and carts wera employed ter the delivery of par- eels to the relief of th:-) postmea, and the country p--it- men's walks were conver ed into horse pos• s. De weight in many cases to be carried amouLtod to (Nor lowt where

===== 0002601_18991229_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
1111 E EXAM IN ER FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29. 1899

normally it is about lof a cwt. In the town the high pressure was divided oetween Snaday morning and Christmas morning and the difficulty which weuld have been Emelt:mm;(l if it had been congested was tau; mini- , mised. I iA estimated that not lesa than 950,000 let- ters and parcels were dealt with during the Reacon. , The prolonged pressure proved to be a great strain on the staff, but this was cheerful:y met and every uffiGer worked with a will which redounds to the credit of all concerned. The Postmanzer was desirous that in dealing with the work expeditiously every passible consideration should be given to the staff to relieve the strain put upon them. Substantial refreshments in the shape of roast beef, ham, tongue, cakes, mince pies, tea and coffee were provided at midnight on the 23etIond before the men went out on the mornings of the Mb and 25th. The staff showed appreciationof what had been provided by doing ample juetice to the viands put before them. Work all over, the staff indulged on Bank Holiday in the festivities of the season by holding a social gather- ing, which will be found separately reported in our columns.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Festivities at the Workhouse.

The inmates at the Wartiagton Worknouse spent a merry Christmas despite all the drawbacks to loyousness which cling to an institution of this kind. The only' untoward incident occurred in the evening when five female inmates escapt dby scaling the Workhouse wall. Tney were arrested the following morning by the police and committ ed to prison. The usual dinner of roast beef and plum pudding was served in the large dining hall,which had been decorated for the occasion under the suwrintendence of Mr. Dobson. Decorations in the hospital had also added to the cheerfulne ru ss of the room, and the psties were yn. vided with little delicacies on this festive occasion. ThO3P who wished it ware supplied with beer; others with tea or coffee. Amongst those present in the dining hall were the Mayor and Mayoress, and Miss Riberts, the Rev E R Tarbuck (chaplain), Mrs Clay and Mrs Edelsten ' • the Rev W H Drummond, and Messrs Alfred El Thornton, William Hickman, T B Malkin, T H Ashcroft, and A J Jolley (chairmae), members of the Bolrd ; Councillor Shaw Green, Councillor Smezhurst, and Councillor James Evans, Mr and Mrs G ifilferd,and Messrs G Lenge, Sutton, Bach shearer, 8 Fernside, Mr Ward master) and Miss Ward (school mistress). Mrs Ward wa..4 unfortunately unable to be present owing to indisposition. A meed of praise is due to Mr. Powell, the baker, who in the avoidaWe absence of the Matron, prepared for aid cooked the meal. At the conclusion

Mr. WARD, who had a hearty reception, allu.led to hiJ 25 years conuectton with poor-law work, remarkiiig a luarter of a century was a considerable portion of a man's life. The inmates should remember that it was the Guardians who had provided them with sue.h art excellent treat of roas:. beef, plum pudding, ale, tabazoo, snuff, orangEs, and apples. The evergreens were sup- plied by Mr J Croafield, Mr Monks (Walton Old Hall), Mr Lyon (Appleton Hall). Mrs Broadbent (Latchford), the toys and sweets for the children and cups :.or old men and women by the Mayor and Mayoress ; the eggs by Mrs W Owen (Latchford); the COristm is cards oy Mr Herbert Naylor and a friond ; papers by Mr J C. os- field ; and scrap books for childrest•by the Rev W H Drummond : with a parcel of children's magazines by an anonymous donor. (applause.) The May.r was present, and would, no doubt, have a few words t 9 say to them aa well al several of the guardians, but before he concluded he should like the inmates to give three hearty cheers for the guardians and other ladies and gentlemen preheat, who bad rendered such valtubll assistance. The request was heartily complied with, Mr Ward publicly thanking M- Powell, Mr D.)bs3n, Mr Fernside,Mre Langley, Mrs Griffin and others for special services rendered. (Applause.)

; Mr. A.. 1. JOLLEY returned thanks on behalf of his col- leagues on the Board. It should be remembered he said. that the entertainment meant the expenditure of a treat deal of trouble and money, and extra work on the part of the officials; bat be was sure that the labour had been willingly given, and they deserved the warmest thanks. There were many sad homes in England that day bat in spite of the trouble in tiemt of them—a trouble they were going to face, and were facing, and would come out on the top in the end—in spite of the terrible war that was causing so much misery and safferine, they must endeavour to keep up the old traditioue, and be as happy and as cheerful as they could Under these adverse circumstances. So far the proceethngs of the day had been a saccess, and he hoped they would be a succesa to the end. One word of advice, which he hoped would be taked in good part and in the spirit in whi,:h it was given. As they knew, there had been a question raised as to whether beer blinald be served to the in- mates. It was decided ultimately that it should be so served. Fle was not a teetotaler, but he did not like to bear of pc Tile getting tipsy. On one or two former occasions there had 1-esn trouble at the end of the day, , two or three inmates getting held. of beer that was not intsnded for thern,thus disgracing themselves and bring- ing a certain amount of disgrace on the whole institu- tion. He hoped the offence would not be repeated, as misconduct was reckoned up and remembered by some people. They were as Guardians, endeavouring to ' make that institution one of tke best managed in the country. In cenelu4on he wished all " A merry Christ- mas and a happy New Year." (Applause.) The MATO% in the course of a short speech, said he felt it rather difficult to find suitable words to say What ha Let on that oecasion. He had cease to the house thet morning with a great deal of Weasure in many res- pects because one iked to see that at Christmas Uwe 1 everyone. frem the highest to the lowest, was parteking of the festivities which the season brought round. Some of the faces he had seen that morning reminded him of circumstances which occurred a good many years ago, and he regretted to find some friends there that day. On the other hand he was glad of the shelter, warmth, and comfort that had been provided for them, whereas if they had net h en in that institutoa they would have base suffering great privations and hardships. Alluding to the decoratious, he observed that the work in that I room and in different parts of the house had caused some of the officials a great deal: of trouble, but he felt that the work must have been a work of pleasure, and they were indebted to the officials for making rooms that were not architectur- ally beautiful look better than they usually appeared.' (Hear, hear; and applause.) That was the first time he had been present at the Christmas dinner, and com- menting on the remarks which bad been made by Mr. Jolley he should be persenally gratified if they made that a eedsletter day in his history by individually and cellectively makine up their minds that although there had been complaints in the past there sheuld be none in the future as to the conduct of any inmate. (Applause.) Mr. Jolley had said that he was not a teetotaler. He was very nearly one. Be (the Mayor) was one alto- gether, so that however much he misbehaved himself in ether ways—and he did sometimes—he never did on ac- count of the drink. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He could very strongly recommend the programme he had followed for so many years. May good digestion wait on appetite and health on both." (Applause.) The Rev. E. R. TARBUCK urged the inmates to accept the excellent advice which had been tendered to them by the Mayor and the Chairman of the Board, and if they did so he was sure they would spend a very happy ' day. (Applause.) Mr. HICKMAN delivered a short but encouraging speech, and remarks were also made by Mr. Malkin, Mr. Ashcroft. and others, the Master and Matron and the other officers being warmly thanked for their services. In acknowledine the vote of thanks, Miss WARD said the inmates would be sorry to Yearn that the Matron was very ill. She could not be present, but she desired her to say that she hoped all would spend a very pleasant and happy day. (Applause.) At night a successful smoking concert was held.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTO N

ACCIDENI TO THE REV. T. R. MATTHEWS.

We much regret to erate that the Rev. T. R. Matthews is confined to his bed as the result of an accident he received on the evening of Christmas Pay. After conducting the service in the morning in his church, he went to Newchurch on a visit to his son-in-law the Rev. E. W. Whittenbnry-Kaye. He left the Rectory at night in a cab for the pur- pose of getting the train at Glszebury for home. The roads were very slippery, and when near Glaze bury Station,and ascending the hill there, the horse slowed down to a walk. Mr. Matthews thinking the cab had stopped at the station, opened the door and stepped out When he reached the ground, he slipped and fell, and the hind wheel of the cab passed over his leg. He was removed home and Dr. Mouncey was sent for, who, on examination found that no bones were broken, but he advised Mr. Matthews to remain in bed for a few days. Be is now progressing favourably and hopes to be about again shortly. A RESERVIST IN TROUBLE.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Saturday morning, betore Mr. C. B. F. Borron, two brothers, Walter Brimelow and Thomas Brimelow, both of Earlestown, were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Earlestown the previous night. Walter Brimelow is a re=ervist attached to the let Battalion of the East Lancashire Itc2giment, and up to Friday night was employed at the Viaduct Works as a labourer. Having been sum- moned to join his regiment before the 30th irzst, he was taking full advantage of the abort period of liberty allowed him, and aceordingly fell foul of the police. The police did not press the charge, and Mr Borron taking into consideration the fact that he was going to the front to fight for his country,l , gave the brothers some good advice, and discharged them.—Walter Brimelow proceeded with his regi- ment to Woolwich to-day.—At the Newton Town Hall on Wednesday morning, before Mr Gillespie, Jol3n Flaherty, farm labourer, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and was fined 53 and costs. He, however, elected to go to gaol for 14 day?

ASTIEgi AND CONSUMPTION% —No other cifsesses have swep away so many thousands, for physicians had not found means of cure until DR,Locacx's PULVONIC WAFERS were dis- covered; now none need despair,and the benefit is so rapidly shown that from day to day the progress of the recovery may be perceived. In hy,terteal and heart complaints they are unfailing, in rheumatic and nervous pains "they act like a charm." Nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's rest To singers and public speake:s they are invaluable for clearing and strengths sing the voice. They taste pleetantly. Price is 10. 21 fid. 4s 6d. and Hs per box. Sold by all medicine vendors.—A.dvt (6). CADBURY'S Cocos, on the testimony of t e 1.-useet " represen s the standard of highest purity." It is entire free from all foreign substances, tech as kola, malt. hoes esc., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so d. 2oive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson. in a recent article in the Illustrate) Lonion News writes : " Cocoa is in itself a perfect food, and requires no addition ot drugs whatever CADBURY's Cocoa Is absolutely pare. and should be taken by old cud young, at all times and in ell seasoes ;for Children it ia an ideal heveraee, promettra• healthy erowth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist fna tvieg CAD ',URY'e, as other Ceeem F.ra often aubstituted for tha sake of extra profit. .3ohl only in Pactets and line- 4t/et. 3.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

SKIRMISH NEAR COLENSO.

A "Central Nlws " despatch from Chieveley Camp, December 26, st-i.ts that time was a sharp skirmish on the Tugela banks that day.

Sudden Death of an Ex- Premier.

The Right Hon. Harry Escombe, ex-Premier of Natal, dial suddenly in the street at Durban on Wednesday. MR. CHURCHILL'S CHAFF.

Date of His Return to Pretoria.

LOI7RE4CO NIARQUEi. NIOND&Y

_ The " Sand rd and Diggers' News "of Saturday pub- lishes the following telegram from Mr.Winstru Churchill to the editor of th- " Diggers' News" :—(Pretoria). " I an now writing bow I escaped from the Boers,but I regret that I cannot, for obvious reasons, disclose many interesting details. I shall be happy to give you any You may require when next I visit Pretoria, pro- bably in the third week in March."

CHRISTMAS DAY AT LADYSMITH.

LADYSMITEI, TUESDAY.

All troops Li camp here navel a mirry Christmas A prominent feature of our Christmas celebrations has been a children's entertainment, with a Christmas tree. Two hundred children were present. The Queen's meEsage has been received with enthusiasm. All is well.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
STIRRING SCENES AT RUNCORN.

Departure of the Reservists for The Front.

Nl,ednesiay list marked most enthusiastic scewa at the I:ancern Railway St:llion the occasions tieing the de- parture of s.eireral reservists ea routs for their mobilisa- tion centres and dents. The first scene was enacted by the Halton Boy's Brigade velose in•tructor, Driver Thomas Dunbavin, of the 9 h Battery Royal Horse Artillery, was accorded a hearty send off by the Halton " Lads " Brigade. The brigade entered into the spirit of the thing with hearty good will and tweed net almost to a man. Before the final milieux were taken they pre.. Septed Driver Dunbavin with a superb gold fouetain pen, with the request be should use it in tell- ing them haw he got on at the front. Later in the day a member of the Naval Reserve was escorted to the station by a crowd of enthusia3tlc friends, and S•Teeant Kelly and Private Shaw of the 2nd Cheshire Regemeus received a hearty send-off from members of the Vo unteur Corps of the same regiment, inclu ling Captain George F Anton. Sergeant-Instructor Ca Than, B and m aster Outliwaite Several mem aers of the bind also turned out and played lively a'rs upon the station platform.—Shaw who resided at 32, Bridge- watrr-street, was Orly married on San lay last. Kelly, was one of the members of the theatrical comp iny performing this wee% at the Theatre Royal in a piece called " The Eieroine of Glencoe," and we understand he leaves a wife and one child behind him. 'the senit• off wa.4 one of a very tyarty nature ane cheer after cheer was raised with genuine entliaiasin the several trains b=aring the men to their various des- tinations were d.parting. o,i Saturday, Private George London, of the Prince . of Wale? Own Regiment, and who resides at Manor Cottages, Norton, and John flaxen, 10, P irter-street, Runeornof the Royal Artillery will depart. The former will leave a wife and four childree. and the latter a wife and seven children, the elde4t of wh asa ie 13. Another reservist in whom Runcorn has a keen interest is C )n- -stable T Butler, police inspector's clork, at Northwich, and late of the Runcorn Division. He is a member of the GrenadierGuarde,and leaves North wiCh on Saturday for headquarters. He leaves; a wife and two children. No doubt Saturday will mark another di,-,play that will let the soldier know he leaves accempani-d by the heart- fslt sympathies of his countrymen. Mr W Sbaw, ju r., presiMted several of the men with tobacco ; aa; Mr. W. Shaw (missiocer) with .a omeftil el.eping cap.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
Yeomanry Enlistment.

Lieutenant Coilnol Ilopw-,01, Lau,lashire hussars, in- v.tes Appliestion from .Larraihire men for enrohnont in rly. Lancashire Hussar contineeot of Itnrocial Ynanry for service in Sutls Africs.—Flopwood 111, 11tdr1letla Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Further Mobilization of Local Reserves.

Tem remainder ot tire first-aka. Regervevof the Liverpool itegirmmt. number - 287, have orders to r.l -ja at orford Barracks duriur the ..vtek. Mobilizttion rnrnced on Mondky.and iU b onnoluded,co•day (St:- day.) The men will 4.1 i te drApArnal to-cla.y. proem.' to Enniskillen to replace the men there who hive ardozeto proceni to the front and to hollthernaelvai in r..4adirwai for similar orders if rrndered trce.sarv. AN IRISHMAN ON IRISH PRO-BOERS AT WARRINGTON.

At the Wa.cington Blrough Police Clue; on Tueirlay before Mr. Birshall (chairna to) and other magistrates, a well-known character named Michael fienne4sev was charged with !mains, been druokl.and disorderly in Butter- market-street on Monday night —Sergeant Evans proved the case. The prisoner :I was in a public house and there was a lot of talk about the war in South Africa, and a lot of unsophisticated Irish pro-BoArs made remarks with which I could not agree. o,te of them had the audacity to expiels the hope that thst callant old ioldier, Lord Rlberts. w`ould cicue b ick with the flag flying across his chest.—the Chief Conitable informed tee, ina2istrates that the present was the prisoner's 36th appearance before the court.—Fined 51. A WARRINGTON CORPORAL AT GRAS PAN.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
Graphic Description,

We have received the followiag letter from Mra. Dob- son, of Blackbear Muse, Kentsford-road, whose Fiera, (Corporal J. W. Dabsoe, master butcher), is serving under Lord Methuen. The letter was written to a friend and is as fellows :—" Cape Town, South Africa, N vember 29th, 1899. Dear friends,--1 have just come down here from Kimberley, about 1,000 miles away for more previsions. The scenes that I have witnessed ilia last few days defy all description, but as Jam al- right and well myself, thank God! I will tell you some- thing about it. On Saturday, 25:h November, 1899, at 10 a.m. I was detailed to sit ich myself and party (num- bering about 30 all told, with 200 cattle) w:th Lord Methuen. To do this we had to cross a very wide stream called the Modder giver, and the cattle were that d—n stupid they wohtd not face the water ; so we roped s'x horses together, swam them across, alter fastening the rooc round one of the beasts' horns and then 11 the others followed. Ail our fellows that could not swim stuck to their tails and were pulled across ; and as I saw the poor devils in the water I was thinking what sort of a smile would fit po or Tommy's face This is comedy ; now for tragedy ! At 12 midnight the advance sounded, and we proceeded on our march to Kimberley. We numbered all toll about 6,000. Twenty ini'es from Medder River we were ordered to halt. On rtsumhog the march a very strange affair happeoed which is very nearly imisessible to deirritpe. We knew there were Bees somewhere about but did not know the ex act !re Oity. So Lord Methuen °cif red all the laegage behind, with three regiment; of ii fantry concealed amonst it. We had hardly proc,e abovo half-a-ssile when th,re arose the most deafening yell which was enough ta tirn your b`ood into lead. It anpearea that the B iers (how many I can't say, as tiiey were all over the shoo') thought to cut us off from the baggage, and upon ap- proaching it the threo regiments fired upon them, which so tole them by surprise that they turned and fled, and came right on to us. Talk about a slaught-hi ! There was blood and hair all over the place ! We tool them all ways, and which ever way they turned we let them • taste it.' What the full loss is to them I cannot ascer- tain, but they must el lost very heavily is, indepen- dent of killed and tv i Jed we took 200 prisoners. And nice heeiears some of them hoked, I can tell you ! lent a few whiskers off one or two of them, as mementoes. This engagement will he known as the battle of Gras Pen.' lam very grateful that I escaped ecot free. No snore this time, as I am in a hurry to catch the mail. Se twishieg you all a Merry Christmas—which seems all right, dorsn't it 2-1 remain by way of varietv, J.Va'.D., of the Military Society. From Corporal J. W. DOBSON, master butcher of the Army Ssrvice Corps, Kimberley."

===== 0002601_18991229_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- •

===== 0002601_18991229_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
POST OFFICE SOIREE.

A soiree in connection with the Warrington Postal and Telegraph Staffs was held in the Masonic Rooms on Tueedey evening. There was a representative I gatherieg of both staffs and amongst those present were the Poetmaster (Mr J L Valley), Mr Broadhurst (chief clerk), Mr Garton (telegraph superintendent), Mr Metier (inspector of postmen), and several officials from the sub offices, &c. The room had been tastefully decorated for the occasion. The proceedings opened with a dance after which Mr Parry on behalf of the committee intro- ducel the pcs(mester and asked him to preside. The POSTMASTER then took the chair and on rising to address the gathering was greeted with hearty applause. He said he cordially thanked them for their welcome and very willingly acquiesced in their wish that the chair be occupied by himself. It was pleasing t 3 see so large a number present that evening and to meet socially so many with whom he had official relations. The fixing of the date of this gathering was opportune, corning as i! did immediately after the Christmas pressure weeu satisfaction that the strain was once more past was felt. Advantage must be taken of this oppor• tunity to express his high sense of the ad- mirable menner in which the work had been dealt with. Although a vast increase had taken place this year it had been met cheerfully and effectively, and the zeal and carefulness displayed had been most praise- worthy. The Important work of organization and sepervision reflected credit on the controlling officers. Most fully did he recognize what had been accomplished and his best thanks were due to all. It was exceedingly gratifying to him when he received an invitation from the committee to be present at this social function, and he regarded it as a mark of respect, and as a token of cinfidence. Apart fr.,m the immeliatei enjoyment arising from a re-union of this hind, ha sin- cerely hoped that the aims of the promoters might be fully realieed ; and those aims were bringing the staff more closely together, strengthening the bonds ef coed fellowship, and inspiring more confidence and broadening and widening the existing sympathies. His utmcst efforts would also be used towards the attain- ment of these eede. He much regretted that some of the staff were precluded by reason of their official duties from being present that evening. His first impulse was to make an aueouncement that as mail.; would be des- patched that night owing to important eugagernvnts of the staff elsewhere, but on sober reflection the idea was abandothd. tughter.) The committee had acted wisely in dispensing with unnecess try formalities which only tended to produce undue restraint and to generate coldness. He would no longer interp me between them and the nommencethent of the programme but would now simply expTesi a hope that they would have a most enjoyable evening and tnat the recollection of it would be pleasant and that they would be leoking forward to the next social gatherin. (Applause.) An interetting and Ifni-eyelet() programme of vocal and instrumental music was then gone through. Mr. G. Gough smug " Soldiers of the Queen" in rare style. Miss May Day not only satisfied but surprised her colleagues with a very fine rendering of a violin sea,. A humoraus sketch in the Lancashire dialect by Mr. W. H. • Ford provoked much laughter and was warmly applauded. Mr. Broadhurst was heartily applauded for ens renderiog of "The Englishman." Miss Everett sang in a pleasing way ot a Golefineh that twittered and glittsred whilst tbe auto harp selections of Mr. Evans left nothing to be desired.

At this point an interesting ceremony took place. It appears that one of the staff, Mr. Parry, has been trans- terred to the Liverpool post offi,:e and nis colleagues pre- sented him with a fine Gladstone bag as a mark ot re- spect and good fellowship. Mr. 1311')ADLIURST said no doubt it was known to those officials present that they were about to lose Mr. P4rry %%10 was going to take up duty at Liverpool in the new year. ail was sorry Mr. Parry was going. He was an indefatiga.ble worker and this was evidently the opinion of ii fellow clerks who had chosen him to be the hon. secretary of th,ir social gathering involving as it did some arJuous work. Ti. show that Mr. Parry was appre- ciated and t±lat he might take away wi;:h him 50'A° tangible recognition the staff had decided that this opportunity should be taken and lan was deputei to ask Mr. Viney their chairman to make a presentation from the postmaster and staff. He had now much pleasure in akin Mr. Viney to do so.

Mr. VINEY Seid.Le was glad Jr. Parry was not to be allowed to leave without receiviog soms tangible avid- ' eau) from the staff of the goes will they entertained to- wards him and he congratulated him en having obtained ills wish to be transferred to Liverpool. Mr. Parry had been there for a period of nine years an he was glad to know that his conduct had been exemplary. He had worked in harmony with his col.eagues, eareed th;3ir respict,and won their confidence,ancl had ever displayed ueswerving loyalty to his postmaster. He had a cam- plete and thorough training at this office so that he snould prove a valuable acqaisition to his future office where he would go fully equipped and rich in capabili- ties. He could rely on Mr. Parry's gold instincts and his well balanced judgment in preventing him from con- ceiving and fostering any notions of superiority because henceforth be wsuld be attached to an office som,;.weat larger than this. No doubt he would feel a pang ath the • 01118 for official separation drew neer but it tha':icbs is,verei the boLds of flieAahip, mutual esteem and coa- ti-fence would remain unbroken and unimpaired. The pre.ent would prove useful but its chief value consisted in the kind feelings and warm wishes that have prompted the gift. Toey would always be glad to hear of his Idvancement and they wished !limn most sincerely health and hippine.is in his new sphere. (Applause.) Mr. PARRY, who was evidently taken by surprise, suit- ably acknowledged the gift.

The POSTMASTER, in proposing a vote of thanks said he was charged witn the duty of proposing a vote of th,i.okS, to the Comrnittee,ancl vras sure it would receive a warm rtception at their hands; their duties have been arduous, difficult, and prolonged, and much anxiety must have been felt in their efforts to make this social function a success. That indisp-nsdible quality, enthusiasm, was bringing it to a successful ter- mination. The best thanks were due to them aNd to the ladies and gentlemen who bad given such a musical ttreat. Sir. W. H. FORD seconded.

Mr. BROADEIIIIasT then proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman. He said it hal.been a source of infinite pleasure to meet Mr. Viney here on social ground,and he assured him that cc bad been heartily welcomed by all. Ho agreed with a previous speaker that at least for one day in the year they might cast off the cares of office and indulge in social pleasure. It was the first time they had met Mr. Viney in a public assembly of the staff since he came to Warrington, and he hoped they would forgive him therefore if he took their thoughts away from their present surroundings, and ventured to ref i r to the office. Knowing what Mr. Viney bad done for them ha thought it right that the opportunity should be taken of openly expressing their appre ittion of hie many acts of kindnese and censideration for their wel- fare and happiness. It was not his wish te sty any- thing which might be regarded as flattery. Nothing could be further from his wishes ; but he felt that it Was due to him to speak of the appreciation which they all felt. He had done many things to deserve this, arid had done it without ostentation or ulterior motive His motto evidently was " Deeds not words." and he carried it out well. He had the interest and welfare of his st ,ff at heart. (Applause.) And when he found something to be done and decided teat it was rL;lit, he set about it unflinchingly without fear or de- sire of favour, fie would remind them that it needed no little amount of courage to do this. (Hear, hear.) It Was not a case of ask and have, AQ.i it was much eesier to rest and let things remain as they were. Having ventured to say this much, he would NOW return to the simject of his remarks. They had been very glad to see Mr. Viney occupying the position of chairman, and he proposed a Learty vote of thanks be accordad to him.

M. GORTON fully eldorsed the rernarkl of Mr. Brlad- hurst and referred to Mr. Vfney as a gentlenatn and good bllow.

Mr. VINEi on rising was greeted with loud cheers fol- lowed by the singing of " For he'a a j'ally good fellow." El 9 said he mut ,4incorely thanked them tor the warmth of goo I feeling diaplayed towards himsalf, and for the too flatteriag terms in which the mover and seaonder had spoken of him. It would suffice to say that he was much more conscious of what had not bean done, rather than of the littlo that had been accomplished, ant in that little he had received much valuable assistance and co-operation frooa his friend, Mr. Broadhurst. It had been said that confidence was a plant of slow growth, bac tuis was a saying, like many others which are cur- rent, that was capable of essential modification and re- quired great discrimation in its application. As far as they were concerned the plant grew rapidly and vigor- ously sod its growth was not arrested by arts' frost of unworthy wpicinn. There was a saying in the Isla r.,f Man, that was very generally used concerning strangers, or as the Manx people often termed them "comeovers."lf an opinion be asked respecting an individual of this class the reply was' meat winter and suiltaller him before we can say much about him." Perhapl it pointei to a wise precaution to a judicLus and exhaustive test, but the necessizy wai by no means always apparent. In this case before the winter was ended and the summer had commenced, mutual carfidence was created and firmly established, and he believed had taken firm brAi 60 that no upheaviug force that might be applied cnild uproot it. (Applause.) Fie considered the duties of a Postmaster to be thr-cfold viz., to the public, the department and , to the staff and whils.; etriviug to fulfil those duties to tho former be would by no means overlook his obliga- tions ta the latter. The staff could rely upon his safe- guarding their rights and privileges and upon his furtheriag their ioteresl-s by every legitimate means. Re thanked them for the patient hearing they have given and he was glad they had not beverely regard, d his Fliertcomingi Ia perfortniug the functions of chairman. (A pplauss. ) Daicing and games were th-4n indu!ged in until the email hour z oi the ma:ruing. Mr. Goren and 'qr. Me:for acted as AT.C.'4. 'the catering f Mna David S7:oce was a i great success awl her efforts were fully appreciated by

‘VANTED General :BRYANT : Teznporarily from mid:lle January, to middle February : No Wasblng : Fond of Childrtn : Write with references to OBERoIg, Orchard-road, Altrlncham•

B LACKSMITII Wayted ; used to country work.—Apply, WILLIA.st HVGHES, Hyton. Baschurch, Salop.___ WANTED, MAN for making Furniture Springs.—Apply, THE LONGFORD WIRV, CO., LTD., WarriDgtoH.

A GENTS WANTRD to puili first-clan Machinery Oi I s LA Liberal Commission.—Bos 31, Post Offie:!, Li7erpool,

TITAN 1111) ASSITANT. Art 50. for 2nd or 3rd Standard, TT who can play harmonium.—Rev. W. O'REILLY, Newton-lo- Willows, Lar.cashire. A PPRENTICH.—A respc2table. well-elucated YOUTH re- quirel Apprentice to the General Drapery Encine9s, W. IZonG KINSoN, Limited, Bridge-strtet, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . .. - . .- - - _ _-_ _ - - - - -,... -.. _ _- _ --_._ • ........_......._ _ ~, . _.:-...- - . . i ..-.--..------ - -A..._ - - , .--- - -1, 7 j ....1111.111/.... _ . .. . .. - •

all. The following were responsible for the arrange- ments :—Misses Everett, Todd, J. Gortoo, Messrs. Gough, Evans and C. J. Jones—Mr. Parry. sectetary, and Mr J C Benniun, treasurer.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

Earlestown v. Stockport County.

The above match under the auspices of the Lancas- hire League was played at Earlestown on Saturday in dull and rather misty weather. The visitors won the toss and decided to kick uphill in the first half, Mr. C W Ealnutt setting the sphere in moti-bn on behalf of Banes- town before about 1,000 spectators. Several cnanges were made from the advertised team for Earlestown, Hoses being unable to play owing to an injury he re- ceived to his foot on Friday afternoon. This necessitated Whitshouse dropping into tin, intermrdia.te line and Green taking Hoye& place at full back,Harrison playing inside right instead of Whitehouse. Perhaps the change will be seen better by the following list. Eirlestown : Chew, goal; Green, and Cottam backs; Pennington. Whitehouse and Johnson, half-backs; Barnes, Harrison, Hampson, Leach and Slttle, for- wards.

Stockport County : Moore, goal; Harding and Wainwri.qbt, backs: Hall, Yates, and Harvey. half-backs; Foster. Parker, Patterson, Cnesworth and Betteriey, forwards.

The oprning stages qv ere chiefly in favour of the County, their forwards seeming to adapt themselves to the heavy state of the ground better than the home quintette. However' after a while the Earlestown de- f, ace prevailed and Settle and Leach were soon c3rier- ing down the wing, a fine shot from the latter skimming the crossbar. From the ensuing goal kick Focer obtained possession and easily outdistancing his pursuers he put in a fine centre which fell at the feet of Patterson who just tapped the bell, and Stockport were one in front. It was a well worked for point, the home defence being' powerless, as there were four of the County forwards behind each other waiting for Foster's centre, and when it did come Chew bad no possible chance of paving. This was all the scoring done up to the interval, when the county were leading by ono to nil.

Restarting,the homesters took up the running,Birnes mulling a splendid chance of equalising the scores. A spell of midfield play followed for a while, the proceed- ings being at length enlivened by a pretty piece of pass- ing between Settle and Leach, the latter eventually cleverly evading Harding and passing the !either to Hampson who shot hard and straight at Moore, the custodian just tipping the ball over the bar. The ensu- ing corner was beautifully placed by Leach, the ball curling in and passing into the net without being touched by a second player. End to end play followed, both goals being visited in turn. Before the finish, Setterley scored a second ar.d Cheswcrtb a third goal for the County who were eventually declared the winners of a eosely contest° game by three goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Earlestown V. Haydock.

These old local rivals met for the' first time this season in league match at Haydoek on Monday afternoon, It will be remembered that a, friendly match was played at Haydock at the beginning of the seaeon between the teams, Haydock proving victorious by four goals to nil. Both teams had unthrgone several changes, Heyes Barnes and Harrison being absent from the Earlestown ranks, their places being filled by Flannagan, Linton.and Penoingtonflaydock were short of Gasket! and Roberts, their places heing fiaed by Greenhalgh and Harrison. It was three o'clock before the teams, under the direwion of Mr. R Harrocks, faced each other in the following order :

Eirlestown : Cil3W, goal, Flannagan and CoAon, backs, Pennington, Green, and J•thnson, half backs, limbpson, Whitehouse, Linton, Leach and Settle for- wards.

Efaydock : Jce L:!e, ; Astbury and John Lee, backd ; Mere, Illynor, and Greenhalgh, half-backs ; Nityor, Sumner, FieldinE,,,Forshaw, and Hurisou. for- wards.

Eeriest° wn won the toss and Fielding set the ball in • motion on b•half of Haydock, before about 1,500 specta- tors, about 500 of whom had accompanied the visitors. Earlestown were the first to ehow up, a combined rush by the whle of the forwards giviag the home defence an anxious few minutes. However, Joe Lee was not called upon, the backs eventually, ketting the ball away. A nice sprint down the field by Mayor was followed by a fine centre.Fiannagan clearing the danger in masterly style. Settle and Leach were next prominent on the home left, the latter swinging the ball across to the oppesite wine. where Linton pounced upon it and pa,isiel out to Honapson, who in turn transferred to Whitehouse, the inside man banging the ball into the net after 15 minutes play. Eacoure.ged by their success and the cries of their supporters, the visitors were soon again swarming mune Lea and Whitehouse seem provid that the first Si,CC".:BEI was no fluke by defeating Lee a second time. This goal came as the result of a magnificent piece of in- dividual play, followed by a beautiful oblique Abet, Lel having no chance whatever. A third point followed soon afterwards, Settle this time ding the needful, the -re %the, striking the underpart Of the _e.rnsts_hwir_e.,A. th ince into the net. At the interval the vinifem were leadlng by three to nil.—ln the second half Earlestown were content to rest on their laurels and act on the de- fensive which they did with a marked degree of surce3s as their goal wai kept intact during the whole of the half and when the wistle blew the half-time score was imalt,red. Eirlestown fully deserved to win as they played the better game throughout,the Haydock plasers relying too much on individual work whereas the Earles- town team worked as one combining beautifully through- out.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
South Liverpool v, Earlestown.

This league match was played at Shorefields on Tues- day afternoon before a goodly crowd of enthusiasts. South Liverpool kicked off, and wore early aggressive ; and after s mus smart forward work opened the score through the agency of Bennett. This reverse was the means of livening up the play of the Earlestown team ; and the game became fa,t, the scone of hostilities being located in home territory. Several smart shots were sent in by Bird, none of which, however, reached the desired mark, and the ball was taken to the other end. Play did not remain there long; and Earlestown showed clever tactics, several time, having hard luck. Tbe South-enders' front rank then got away, and Chew't: charge was subjected to a hot fusilade of shots, the colours of the Earlestown contingent being lowered for the second time during a bully in the goahnouth. There was no holding the home team after this, and they kept up a strong attack upon the Earlestown citadel, which had several narrow shaves; but the backs were pretty safe, and no further score was registered. At balf-thne the game rood : South, Liverpool, 1:; Earlestown, nil. Final .—Sauth Liverpool. 3 ; Earlestown, 2.

===== 0002601_18991229_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-NEW .Bt LAWS.

IN I ERIMETATIONS. street Musicians to dep trt when required to do sa. Penalty on persons Obstru^ting Streets. Restriction on Depositing Coal it. c.rtain Ctrer:?. Restriction on Depositing Coil in other Streets. Carts not to be driven by any person under thirtee years of age. Prohibition of Posting Bills, &c., without leave. Vehicles to have Lamps attached after sunset. Prohibition of Betting in Streets. Prohibition of Unseemly Noises. Prohibition of Bad Language and Disorderly Conduct. Repeal. Penalties.

NOrICES 19 RBUBBY GIVIII7, that the BYLAWS made. by the Council on the 31st day of Octoter, i 899, wrier the Municipal Corporatioas Act, 1862, are now in form within the BoronNh.

Persons-offending against any of the Bylaws will be liable to a penalty not exceeding £5. Copies of the Bylaws can be obtained free of Owl!, Ork4 application at the Town Clerk's nflice. Dated this 15th day of December, 1899. J. LT uN WHITTIA

Town Clerk. A GENTS WANTRD (spare Urns) to sell Rubber Storni), IS- very best terms, free postage and free stamp given. A, L. G. lionmsoN, Manufacturer, 3, Crown-street, BOlton Lancashire.

A N experienced Gentlewoman seeki a responsible Post in .4-1. family of position as GOVERNBSS to orphan or deli- cate children. Chaperon to elderly girls, or Compinion- Housekeeper to elderly lady and lentleman ; south country accent ; long references.—Miss POWELL, High Break, flUla- coat, Accringtm.

Tl'o LH L', six roamed HOU s -9, with good garden. near .1. Padgate Station.— Apply, Mrs. POTTER, Green-lane. Padgate.

fILD TERTH. OLD GOLD and SILVRC, PLATINUM, . PErtiCHASEID for • CASH by IdArrHEws Gold Refiners and Aseayers (meh and away same daY required), 49. New Bailey-street, Albert Bridge, Manabester. Telephone 3.747.

Mllsll.—On receipt of 2s. 6d. will forward Bass of finest' I: selected Fist], carriage paid. Trade supplied. race bit Lee.—EDWARD LACY, Flab Docks, Grimsby.

VOO-TBA.LT., COMPRTITiOtii. --Hints to competitors how to coospete successfully by following a sound aystent• Post free seven stamps.—E. Tuostte, 24, Lincola-rold, Blet Finchley, London.

NATIONAL TOAST.—" Here's to John Bub, rat and Sandy in Grant's Morella Cherry Brandy It' Most deliclon! and comforting on a damp or frosty day. Try a 3d "nlp of it and you will be pleased. Sold at all bars, also In bottle by Wine Merchants. Don't be put off with makes.—Tiros GRANT AND SONS, SiaideitOrle, Makeri Cherr Whiskey. Sloe &c.—Advt. Iv otniroN—HEGISTRY OFFICE for Male and Fetnal. Servants.—Mrs. LOT, 25, Church-road, Woolton near Liverpool. in er for •

SUN INSURANCU oFFICE. FOUNDUB 1710.

SUM INSURED -127 1898 EXCEEDS £430,000,000.

Per all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON, Messrs. LI?. Pickmere & Son,Bridge-st., Messrs. Woods & S)ss. Commercial C Messrs. Voise yellns eortst, hslsn,gHtooar,s2elm. aKr iknegt-Irreeeet,.: Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank-streo.

NOTICII 10 TUB PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND SURROUNDING DISTRICTS: JOHN M 0 PORTER,

FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN.

22, HO RSEMARK ET-STREET, BEGS to infom the PUBLIC that owing to the extreme mildness of the weather, and the perish- able nature of his GOODS he will not this year make the USUAL OUT-DOOR 1.101/V, but he has arranged for a

CONSIGNMEI.kiT OF

GEESE,

TURKEYS,

PHEASANTS,

VENISON, &c.

DAILY DURING THE 'XMAS SEASON, THUS GUARANTEEING TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS A FRESH SUPPLY OF THE CHOZCEST STOCK IN SEASON.

A LARGE SUPPLY OF GEESE AND TURKEYS

WILL ALSO ARRIVE DAILY.

A SPLENDID STOCK OF

HARES AND PHEASA.NTG, DUCKS,

owL, F

GAME, &C.,

THE FINtuST STOCK IN TOWN.

JOHN M. PORTER,

FISH AND GA3IE SALESMAN, 22, HORsEMARK&T-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

F OR F IRST-CL ASS PRIVATE.

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. EETH. All consultations ree. TEETH. Each patient informed b-forehand '1 work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moitrate charges. the cost

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extmetion RS hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. Maker to Dentists of 10,C00 gallons. weekly. Exors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON,

(DENTIST BY ExAM.)

ANCE ESTER.-... -40, MOSLBY-STRERT-

(Telephone 1660).

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a m to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m tc 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN....-.......-7, BUMCIE-STREET TUkSDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON ..... SAI;KEY-3TREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN

THURSDAY, -2 too.

NORTH WICH,-._., 18, APPLE;MARKkT-STREEr

FRIDAY, 11 to 12 nd Ito 5.

DEATHS.

KNOWLES —December 18th. at The Old Farm, Appleton, Matthew. second son of Joieph Knowles. aged 27 years. Friends will please accept this the only intimation. 'ppm—December 17th. at Blspham. Alfred Iddon, aged 41 years, brother of James Iddon, 59, Lovely-lane, War- rington. LITHERLAND—December 19th, at Lythgoes-lane, Warrington Ellen Litheriand, aged 63 years. SANSON—Deeember 19th, at Elden-street, Warzington, Zolux Sanson, aged 78 years. HALL—December 22nd, at Lilford-street, Warrington, john Hall, aged 60 years. PEMBERTON—Decerabet 23rd. at Watkin-street. Warrington. John Pemberton. aged 45 years. KEARNEr—Decemb,T 21st. at Tanners-lane, Warringtota John Kearney, aged 58 years. DAVlES—December 24th, at Margaret-street, IN arringtel; Mary Davies, aged 60 years.

Warrington .—Printed and Published by JOHN WALICHH Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, liewsey.. street,and published by them at the sante place and also at the The Examiner Offices, Victoria•road,WfoNEs; 42,Grorge- street, ST. HELEN arid 3, Market-strect, liAßLEsTowzr, in the County of Lancasta an.) 1-ilf:li-street,lUNcoßN inthe Count of Chester.—DECEMBEB 29, 1899.

> # t..

===== 0002601_18991229_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
331 BUTTERMARKET STREET, rill A CHOICE SELECTION OF lira; FISEL. GAME AND POULTRY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. —TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION. and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage

NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET WARRINGTON.—TO-MORROW, (Sunday) Dec. 31st 3 p.m. and 630 p.m. rreacher :1 Mr. 1 TAYLOR, All selts free. No collection. Books provided. al

BOLD- STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 31st, At 10 30. Rev. H. G. ROBERTS, M.A. At 630. Rev. C. H. HOCKEN. .All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. SERVICE ON CHRISTMAS MORNING. 11 O'CLOCK. REV. TirEODOKE BISHOP. SUBJECT: " THE DAWN OF CHRISTIANITY." OFFERTORY FOR THE POOR.

WARRINGT9N TECHNInkL INSTITUTE SECOND TERM. CLAiSRS REOPEN MONDAY, JANUARY BTrf. Be- glnners can be admitted to School of Art, Continuation School, or Dressmaklug.—Apply at the Museum for list o classes. A Second Course in COOK RRY (adult class) will com- mence on MONDAY, 15th. 7to 9 p.m. Fee. ss, CHARLES MADELEY, Secretlry, - LAST TWO DAYS OF DYSON'S DIORAMAS AND GIPSY Ginn:. PAT IILL, WA RR IN GTON. PFeRFORAI NIJC THli (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON. at 3, " Dear Old linglan3." 'ONI.HT at 8. " London " TWO SACRED SONG SERVICES by th 3 GIPSY CHOIR SUNDAY. December 31st at 3.'5. and 8.15, :;,._Colleo,Lio la on Enter;ng. LIVERPOOL, Sl'. Ia:LENS, AM) SOUTH I.ANCASHIRE RAILWAY. OPENING OF LINE BIEWEEN LOWTON ST. MARYS AND ST, HELENS On WEDNESDAY JANUARY 3r4 the line between LOW- TON ST. MARYS and ST. HELENS will be opened for passenger and parcels Traffic, and a service of trains will run between Manchester (Central) and St, Helens (Central), ' For particulars see timetablEs and bills to be obtained at the Stations. WILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager, Great Central Railway, London-road Station, Manchester, December 1899. COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next IN GENERAL QUAR mit SESSIONS of the Peace for the OUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and tor the eaid County, on MONDAY, the 7.4 day of January, 1900, at half-past eleven o'clork in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all appeals arising within the Hundreds • of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District and the trials of all prisoners com• rnitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such S"ssi.,7lls. The G.a.nd and Petty Jury for the Chester District muss:, be in atteLdince at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Ist day of January, 1900, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon. THE Court sill be Adj-;urced to the Court House, Snutsfe rd. on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of January. 1900, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield and Northwich, forming the Snutsford District, and tho trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Koutsfprd District must hemn attendance at the Court House, Knutsforcl, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd thy of January, 1900, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the Ceunty of Chester. Chester. 12-h Denember, 1899.

-- WIDOW WRIXH'S eiLLS FOR FRMALR COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITITERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purohase is prepared by Mrs. Smittrrs, who ,is the only person in possession f the Camenkr. ItEcitn. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed c;ti :he Emithers, and the names of the oole Wholesale Agents," W. DWARDS .t SON 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau Is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by Trios Chemist.

ItiV. ISHERWOOD AND Co., (LATE POOLE), 22, 24, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. XMAS GOODS, EVENING DRESS GOODS. &c. GOODS SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. GLOVES. Dent's Kid and Reindeer Gloves, silk lined, 2s 6d to 5s lid piir. Evening Silk Gloves, Long Cream Suede Gloves, White Kid, Ac. FANCY GOODS. Law IFichus, Fancy Cottons, Am Lace and Silk Ties, Shirts, Blouses. SPECIAL PURCHASE of 7Linen and Cambric Handker- chiefs, Is 7d, 2s 3d, 3s 6d half dozen. Initial Handker- chiefs, is 611 to 55 6d half dozen. FURS. Splendid lines for PreseLts in Kolinski, Bear, Sable, Stone Martin, Thlbet, Ac., 4s lid to 355. DRESSING CASES. Ladies' and Gent's Dressing Cases, 4s lid to 30s. Special Line, splendid leather, Ladies' or Gent's, us 6d. Special Line, Girl's Dressing Case, 4s lid each. HANDKERCHIEFS. Glove and Handkerchief Boxes, Satchets, Leather Wallets. /Lc. Hundreds of Children's Xmas Pinafores, Frocks, Ac. all prices. DUESSING GOWNS. Splendid lot of Dressing Gowns, Childten's Coats, Pelisses, /W. CORSETS, &e. Corsets, C. 8.. W.R., Meys Watz,h Seams, all shapes, to snit all figures, the largest stock in the district, from 2s lid to 25e. Splendid delivery of Underclothing, Wave Goods, Flannelette Good:. and White Underclothing. Special lines in Ladies' Combinations, 3s lid to 10s 6cl. Wool vests, Ac. GENT'S I EPARTDIE Thonexnds of Ties new designs, latest in Collars, Cuffs, Ac. Gent's Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, large size, is 84d. 2s 6d. White and Coloured Mufflers, 2s 64 to 15s. Irish Linen Handkerchiefs, plain and hemstitched 35, 4s, 5s 6d, 7s 6d half dozen. Gent's Kid Gloves, lined and unlined, 2s 6d to 4s 11d, Undervestts, Night Shirts, best value at popular prices. Wool Shirts. our own make 4s 11d, 55 11d, 7s lid splendid patterns, Dressing Gowns, Travelling Rugs. BEST VALUE, POPULAR PRICES, RELIABLE GOODS, AT W. ISHERWOOD & CO's. (LATE POOLE), 22, 24, Ani -bTREET, WARRINGTON.

£,4000,000 HAVE NOW BEEN PAID IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE. BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co. 64, CORNIIILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required :n unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office : 64. Cross Street. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.li. IdlGßEY.NPesclifte. Victoria-rd..Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. IL LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. j. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach ..................Mr. F.J.FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Yartiv.ortli ...... Mr. J. H. ) LLA.N D WATSON.Moorlield House

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On SALE. a Choice'selection of Presents for CHRISTMAS, WEDDINGS, and BIRTHDAYS. in SILVER, SILVER- PLATS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selecti,m. of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, COIN CABINETS ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON AND CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, 63, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Es.ablished 1819. Valuations for Probate.

A CARD. M. ANGUS AND SON, 27 AND 29, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. CHOICE DESIGNS IN JEWELS, SILVER. AND ELECTRO-PLATE, SUITABLE FOR XMAS PRESENTS. ILLUSTRATED LISTS FREE.

PUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. xi, T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effeetual TRUSS for Cure S Rupture ; registered ; 2onsalting hours 10 tm 3. Tress and Surzleal Appliance Works, 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Lon oon-road, Manchester.

NEW YEAR. USEFUL PRESENTS AT POPULAR PRICES. ----- HENRY T.. LEADING GLOVER, CHURCH. STREET AND TARL ETON -STR EET, (Opposite Pro-Cath.dral), WILL SHOW USEFUL AND SHASONABLE ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. THE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE STOCK OF GLOVES IN LIVERPOOL. SEASONABLE PRESENTS FOR LADIES, CHILDREN, AND GENTLEMEN. --- LINED KID AND SUEDE GLOV ES nITH OR WITHOUT FUR TOPS. Kid Suede and Silk Gloves for Evening Wear. SILK, LINEN, AND CAMBRIC HANDKER- CHIEFS, WITH OR WITHOUT FANCY BOXES. --- UMBRELLAS, 'WITH PLAIN OR FANCY HANDLES, IN GREAT VARIETY. --- USEFUL PRESENTS FOE LADIES AND CHILDREN. -- FUR NECKLETS AND MUFFS. FEATHER BOAS AND NECKLETS. --- FICHUS, BOWS, TIES, AND FRONTS IN SILK CHIFFON, LACE, AND CAMBRIC, IN GREAT VARIETY. GLOVE AND HAND- KERCHIEF SACHETS. SILK TIES, PLAIN EMBROIDERED AND WITH FRINGE ENDS IN EVERY SHADE. -- SILK, GAUZE, AND FEATHER FANS. PURSES AND BELTS. LADIES' AND SERVANT- S' CAPS AND APRONS. --- SILK BLOUSES, SHIRTS, AND SHAWLS. SKIRTS, UNDERCLOTHING, DRES'.-ING GOWNS, AND JACKETS: In every Department will be- Gland Seasonable and Useful Articles suitable for New Year's Preseuts. NEW YEAR'S SALE AT HENRY MILES', 25, 254 , & 31, CHURCH-STREET, AND 1, TARLETON-STREET (Opposite Pro-Cathedral), LIVERPOOL.

WINTER SALE. J. & W. DUTTON, 161 1.85 & 209 SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. TUESDAY NEXT, JANUARY 2ND, 1900, AND CONTINUING UNTIL END OF MONTH, REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

'ALL OR WRITE it you want a treat. TOM ki TAYLOR'S Sewn Boots FIT the Feet. Ladies' or Gent's, 6/11, 8/11, 10/6 to a Guinea. Carriage paid. Football Boots, 3/11. shin Guards, 6d . IYIANCH2BTER-STR II ET, Liverpool.

UMBRELLAS RE-CO VIM ED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. lid.; any size. A first-ciass tassel with each s °cover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. -27, MANCUEtITER-E4T., Liverpool. BARGAINS AND ‘,..)OMMON SENSE. Our system of trading brings the best class goods within the reach of everybody, and those who must economise, whilst securing the more valuable and costly specime. is in Jeweilerv. Watches. and Tahle Plate, can Jo so in their dealinfts with us. OUR tiNIQU. P.; p TI ON as Pawnbrokers and Dealers eaabling us to give to our customers the fullest advantages derived from ths valuable forfeited properties of private wearers, jewellers, and watchmakers, A small deposit will secure any of the undermen- tioned bargains, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 101 MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Bottom end, close by the Adelphi Hotel). Telephone 5,084. SPECIALITIES FOR XMAS PRESENTS. PRICES WITHIN THE REACH OF EVERYONE. FOE BRILLIANT LIGLIP. THE WELSBACH'S BURNERS, THE WELSBACH'S MANTLES. FIRE PROOF CHIMNEYS, MICA CHIMNEYS, COLOURED CHIMNEYS, INCANDESCENT GAS GLOBES 4 FIRE-PROOF GAS GLOBES. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT COLOURS. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERhNT PATTERNS. GAS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS AND COLOURS. SILVER-PLATE GLASS FOR MIRRORS, AC. AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT ADAMS'S, 212, NORTH HILL-STREET. Or at 80, ST. JAMES-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6e, 6d. G-. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. Ti- .II.ALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

SEE SKELTON'S LIMITED, ENORMOUS STOCK OF XMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FREE WH. EELS FRES WHEELS BOWN'S AND BEAUMONT'S FREE WHEELS can be fitted to any MACHINE, n.w or old, within t nty four hours. No Machind can be claimed to be absolutely up to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy running contrivances. The saving in the labour of cycling will com- pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of hiving th wheel fitted. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No, 7056. Makers of the Famous " ./ErfLUS " CYCLES and Fittings. Patentees and Inventors of the Ball Bearing as applied to all Cycles throughout tbo World.

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH- HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, &C., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE No. 169. BRANCH OFFICE 24, HORSE NIARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON. •

XMAS, 1899. &STANCE AND CO., 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEIR ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE, DURING WHICH THREE WILL BE A BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF 28. IN THE £ OFF THEIR ALREADY LOW-MARKED PRICES. Our Stock is now replete with all the newest and choicest designs in GOLD & SILVER JEWELLERY, SOLID SILV 'CR PLATE, &c. SUITABLE FOR THE SEASON'S GIFTS. No such display as we ta w 714 re. /),10 ever bean seen in Warrington before, and we coLficlently invite Inspection irrespective of purchase. GENUINE BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF 24. IN THE X. EUSTANCE AND CO., 431 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

THE A.TAYOR'S FUND MESSRS. JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED, WILL GIVE THE WHOLE OF THEIR PROFIT MAD Xon the sale of " PERFECTION " SOAP sold in Warrington and the district, FROM THIS DATE UP TO JANUARY 3152 NEXT, TO THE MAYOR'S FUND in aid of the wives and families of the Reservists. EVERY PURCHASER OF " PERFECTION " SOAP will thus become A DIRECT CONTRIBUTOR to the Mayor's Fund, and IF ALL WARRINGTONIANS WILL USE "PERFECTION ' SOAP AND NO OTHER. THE PROFIT MAY BE EASILY MADE INTO £2O A WEEK, OR AN AGGREGATE OF AT LEAST £2OO. EVERY WOMAN IN WAR- RINGTON AND DISTRICT SHOULD HELP The sum payable under this arrangement will be published in the local papers every Saturday, USE ONLY CD ERFECTION " SOAP AND ADVISE ALL YOUR FRIENDS TO DO THE SAME.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOFP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEETLEY'S GINGER titiM. To be had in CASE or ,VITTLES from 13 " D. JUN JNGIIAM WINWIOE ROAD, vc ARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OVVEN STREET.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each put.. chaser. Finger size-cards post f-:ee.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

RUSSELLS' ANNUAL FREE TRIP TO LIVERPOOL. THE MOST BRILLIANT SIGHT IN LIVERPOOL AT 'XMAS-UDE IS THE SHOW AT RUSSELLS, LIMITED, WATCH MANUFACTURERS AND JEWELLERS, 18, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Where Visitors can See the Most Beautiful and Valuable Stock of WATCHES, CLOCKS. and JEWHLLERY. in ENGLAND. And during the Month of DECEMBER. RUSSELLS will Pay the RETURN RAILWAY FARE To LIVERPOOL from any part of LANCASHIRE and CHESHIRE of all Purchasers of Goods to the Value of £5 and upwards. Write at once for Russell's Watch and Jewellery Catalogue, sent Free. RUSSELLS, LIMITED, MAKERS TO THE QUEEN. 18, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MILLINERY. MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW HAVING BOUGHT A MANUFACTURERS STOCK OF rr .1 RIMMED FELT HATS IS NOW SHOWING AN ENORMOUS VARIETY AT HALF REGULAR PRICKS. ALL HIGH CLASS GOODS. 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS NEW NATURA L CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TAILS OF PURE HEIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 61. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- VV. B. SWEETNIAN. 5, RANEL A GH-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

JOHN BYPONI, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil ot G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FUR.-NORTFIERN FUR CO.,_ 120, PORT- LAND-STREET, Oxford-street End, Manchester. (Late Lever-street.) FURS: SABLE, FOX, AND OTHER NECKLETS, SEAL- SKIN JACKETS. CIRCULAR CAPES, MUFFS, SABLE, MARTEN, A6QUIRREL TAILS, TRIMMINGS, &c. Also Alter tions— SEALSKIN GARMENTS. FURS CLEANED. REPAIRED. RE-DYED, Ac. • 120, PORTLAND-STREET (OxFORD-STREET BED), MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS fl THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE YOU PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RUCOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR inom 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

BRADLEY, PASS AND CO., 68, HANOVER-STrxERT, TWO DOORS FROM BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRA ME MAKERS, GILDER, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, Ecc. GLACIER IMITATIONS OF STAINED GLASS. ROBERT LoWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK•STREET. IA ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash ad73nced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture aud other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &a., warehoused.

±tionep. t 150,000 .c,siitofr,tognaa g3e per ecpeonsti: o,Abl:t):l.edzsair=na to suit b rrowers,in any part of the countrv.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpc,cl. Tsli-Thone 5182. TO ADVALSTE ON .110/11GALiCS—. sit REVERSIONS, LEGACIES Ac. fl XB6 500 terefit from 3 pe,:* cent. CHIEF RE •TS FOR SALE.—J. BROWN, 50s. Lord-street, Liverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. No. 7416 WIDNES AND WAR MN GTON. V OHN E. GOODWIN cominues to mAte ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Workingmen, and all re,pectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, with•iut delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNIts• WARRINGTON at my' Residence, 134. Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7. £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. •ON BORRuWER's OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAMII. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of dI'PRECIIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARC.-ED. NO BiLLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPBUTUSItS, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied. FRIO3 OF CHARGE, on applica Lion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16. SCHOOL LANE. LIVERPOOL. Head Office, 20, Kennedy St., Manchester.

THE BELFAST 'IOUS& JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFA.:iT) LIMITER) DEG to inform th.eir former patrons and the Pub- l./ lic generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a -large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all 3f which they will SELL at BONA- 7.IIFIDE IT I A NIT WITT{ ERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CUL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE Holm; BELFAST. 105. HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARR YVILI F. FACTORY. BA.LLYMERE.

BERESFORD AND Co., LATE LEE AND BURMAN. CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES. DRESSING CASES, IVOR Y, WRITING CASES, SILVER BRUSHES, LADIES' HANDBAGS, AND PURSES, CIGAR, AND EBONY CIGARETTE CASES, AND BUY FROM THE RELIABLE PRESENTATION GOODS. MANUFACTURERS. WITH GOLD AND SILVER MOUNTS. 77, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GUNS! GUNS!' GUNS!!! •• The largest and beet selection in the North of England ; a perfect fit guarauteed. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest prices. C ARTRIDGES. Sporting Cartridges a speciality ; nothing but the best meterials being used. GUNFIT ' ING. Customers can have their guns properly fitted at our new range. Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets. !cc. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIA.MS AND rowELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PENDLEBUR I'S ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE. LAST WEEK OF SALE, GREAT BARGAINS. PRICES GREATLY REDUCED PENDLEBURY, HOUSE FURNISHER, 10, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS CARDS. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, SHOWROOMS NOW OPEN. CHOICE SELECTION OF USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL PRESENTS. LATEST DESIGNS IN XMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS: LARGE AS.,ORTMENT OF BOOKS, SUITABLE FOR DAY AND SUNDAY SCHOOL PRIZES. KINDLY NOTE ALTERATION OF ADDRESS, HERBBRT W • NAYLOR, BOOKSHLLICR, FANCY AND COMMERCIAL STATIONER, 45, SANKEY STREET, (Three D.ors from Bola-street) WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITAPLE T'o9 CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESFNTS. 89, AND 41, DALE -STREET, AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ri.INEMATOGRAPH ENTERTAINMENTS.—Ch as. Scholl's new Bioscope, the most up-to-date exhibition of Living Pictures for Bazaars, drc. Moderate terms.--87. LORD-STREET. Liverpool. *4Ir.F.X3 PARDON, MXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "Off, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

•TO THE FRONT WITH A BOUND. POSITION AS FIRM AS A ROOK AND DEPEND UPON IT, ARTHUR EVANS' 68. 6D. AND Ss. 6D. GENT'S BOOTS ARE POPULAR. NEW CITY BRANCH, 51, BYROM-STREXT, LIVERPOOL, AND STILL AT ALL AHE OLD ADDRESSES. TEL. 225, ANFLELD.

GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IN CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GOUT SCIATICA LUMBAGO, HEADACHE, PAIN:, IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES, CHILBLAINS, Ac. PRICE 15. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST IS. 3D, J. 11. AND S. JOHNSON" 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, 7, CHURCH STREET ; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-511111Er, LIVERPOOL. Wholorale from Birk:fa, SON AND Co., and JOHN THOMP- SON, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 700.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, 1-N kjIGARETTES, SNUFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-MEET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

- • WHITE STAR LINE, 4. :4 V V ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. &AT IN.,a• LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. OCEANIC Wed., Jan lO 1 TEUTONIC Wed. Jan...... 17 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of ahsrge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tel IsMAy, Ixrum, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadental street. London 8.0..

ALLAN LINE STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8.9. COBEAN for St.:johu's, Halifax, and Philadelphia Dec. 27th. B.S. NUMIDIAN for Portland (direct) Dee. 30th 8.8. CALIFORNIAN for Halifax and Portland ..Jan. 4th LS. LAURENTIAN for Portland Jan. 13th *Ls. BUENOS AYREAN for Portland Jan. 20th *Carr) only Saloon Fares from £lO. 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAzt BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool. QIRGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATBER.- L 7 Every workman should have one of HAGUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. It erge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, ByRoM-STREET. Liverpool.

~...„...,...„: ,-...--„,.......„.„---- •,,,„i , -,,, '';,l--,ii‘:,-:,r, P:'• ,- IT ~. .. --, 1 '2,!.-,,g -,,, .. 1! . .. , I! '.',VAI,•• .t: 4 ii -04,11 0 ." il„ . • ._ :,.... , :. r• ' - .'NNI-Itiiits i . ....„..„ Jri . ~„,,,,,L .177 '- . ---....,,,,i. 4 ' w. .ii'l . 41 TIN ~, ' ..... ,_. ,_ ~,.., .."... Ric,-:.• ~- ~,0,- .„1- -;--.4,;: , ~I;;,‘,t -411, } „:„',..., • ‘..r., ...1. ,e.- . '., Y;g- .. ri: ~ ~, AQ.fp t 0 • lit: : ,-.: ,-.- 1 . ,t,,,r... i. • I A :11! ;1:-4 '1 I•':''''' ' ....7.4.4 4.4 i! iblf: ' ~k. ~. .4reil,-t, i-;..::t1 ',:, 1 , 1.?.;,*),...;N:14 ...07 ,suf: •‘;-.--:;,1( i I i,,,..-, ....,, .., m,,..,.,, 4 - 'ars .?,f,i•/, • 6 :,,.,..; ~...:•, A ,„,- a • :o*-- ': 4 '. k, ...,,i'; ...'-'• -4, -, . ':',",l; 1'..” ';.''-'-,''i i • )4. I 4'! ..,.,:t...",,,,.;::,.ii • roliiii ' 11 I li -4'.•17 ' 111 ilikt., , i•,.,,,,,,..-.-v,.:,,,,,......„...„. -,....,„,,.ii!ii ~......„..,/ 1030,-.. ti tgil: '. 1, . • ... , h' 't ''. , 0 ” • ,' •04".:+1t "i''''' :1 11 II I ; I;i.;;V-' • II ' , . 1 11 11:, ' ' •;. *•• CI •IFY 0 .1* lill 111 ''i-i.I.:1141 7 iIII! !11-- ';iiii 1 1111 II S''''''ilii '.t.:.'l ITIIIHH! 4.4;ici- :::i:1 Iti I ).16:-).44.1 :; ' I•A ill -11- •1 I ' i 1 i, .r.''.- • : -_,, ~. .. • .._,,.....--. .- .- „:„.;-,-...,„„„..:-....,6,---.::.1.-7. i III; =-_,f...11-,.,-=,...-.7." ------------m`------------------------,- ~,,, II 4.-- ‘.... . r ' BY oFti'DIAL WARRMIT :Ci. . . IC' ilq•c.c:••ACA' 1 URERSTOTHE4IIZENI ' '.41, !! , :.-. • i orl .. r, „„,, ~,„,,,,,! :•,:.,,.::t„ ~,,,,,,,. , •..„,.., ..,„, ni,:, ,ile , Li; Q.-9 iliiii,.. Ciii . . ' ..14%igiti .-, ;,, 'I.. •.,....,,,,,-;'::,, ~,. ',3 ~,:,,PAP,i ; ii!•;11; :,,,., li ifr,',l•,ilk ...-'`.";!:,, .;,'..fik„, : • ---,-,--.. ',--..,,, ~ . :- . ,1:u5?,...10.AD, ,a, ~ ,2:,.-.:, Itg- ' S;•4' —_ .',-' • '.!; •::..,---- -s' :!It '. , • ..; ~..`ti:; , • qz.:, Tole 1 r.'! ~.,,1 i .;14,,,,11 iti.`,,A • pliirL i t ~_, , .m 4 1 ' a ~,,..;> - 1/4,,,:: , -i,. .;!!.,- .*:•.8...: SUPERFINE 111 • I ,--.."-7---- .177.,g, _:',‘ . " '-ii '- M' 7,'.-.' '...' ' ' •1 ,-"--;"' ' .'"l'''4''' tilt ~' •' ;::;;I; ii 1 ~,,,,,,tr.‘ ,--.-7,1 • .::.;:, , 1 ,',,•."1.1.1.. ' :::: :1 i 4' -P • ,r, :.,,,,,0,,.,,,5ei,...,. , ~ :"1 111'!4",":•. . . „ ' d iii.l. 1 - . • : . r 0 r).l. y: ti ' • 1 s irT • t ..: :. • , ......1 4 la '.:•iqiiiiiiil:.. 'lllllll` .:•., ' ~:,,, • r°!,-,....„ ... liqa"igl" 1i11..-T7.1""11":2i , ' • ''• ' • .*:?., 4 .444 A lit ' oitt ' 3 .I.';i, ,',' ..;::`'VM ,-.. 'e,'-'r;.:4 @ . 1,,,-„,-.,, 1 • •-y.,,,-1. ~,1,. ~,, .•.......„.„ :.;;;;.,„•,-...,"1,,..,. ~, , ~.,..-2.,,,...1„, ).1,,,,i—,..2i, ~_ ..,...41,,,r;;;;;i, ..11 , ,4,. .•!, ~ ~.1 .. i I 4..4:1-,:i.•.,,„.;.,4 1 . ' - •,, A '7l ,' - • 417', Ili „ t i ;r7444(..A.1ii-irlitoivk -'. - . • .1%-4.4:4,.. *, 11 ''''''' T.;11 i)l,. i .t PT - PT ON NO PRETENtC 0 ' . 0 -.' • 4.; ~.. .'14'1:::-.‘.7' E'VER ANY Tiii4WHICHLI ... ''' ..ARTHESECISTIEriTIVE..... 1 hi;\ H ,„ , t , ..„1 r ,•1 I'4" DOUBLE SUPERfitillt!l !- : 1;1, tilin NAME OHRE BEST QUA fi JO ~i, ''i, - n

THE MOST NUTRITiOUS. C.. 4 x.„,4D li. 0 • GnATEFUL-COM Ahr A I3REAKFAST AND SUPPER:

DRA LTGH.TS, ExlmrbrEa," DECEMBER 29m, 1899. All communication incoi Ting sqinti n- to orl,l. and problems for Competition. most b.. addreasei to the " Draugbts Editor." " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and most r,ach thA office not later than the first post on FIDAY morning. The Draughts Elitor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all invades.] . ---- ANSWERi TO CORRE.SPONDENTS. B. OGDEN, WARRINGTON.--Have made all richt; you would oblige us if you would see that your solu- tions reach this office not later than Friday morn- ing. W. RIGBY, WARRINGTON. —Much obliged for pro- blem. G. ROWE, WARRINGTON.—See answer to E. Ogden. SOLUTION TO PROBLEM No, 64. SELECTED. Black man on 3,8, and 20; king on 22. White men on 12, 15, 16, and 28. Black ta move and draw. (a) 8-11 8- 4 23-19 11-15 3-• 7 15- 8 18-23 8-11 19-10 12- 8 22-18 4- 8 2-24 28-19 7-11 Drawn. (a)22-18, loses as follows 22-18 18-23 3 - 7 23-19 19 -10 16-11 11- 4 12- 8 8- 3 4- 8 White wins. PROBLEM No. 65, BY Mn. W. 14 IGBY, WARRINGTON. [BLACK

, 'to r e U PAI 14 rA e ' , H . r cD r 41 j '414. • P 4 "r-, -

3.-.1"-. • 410 41!) Al 0 / 1 z • ' , / 7 , • 4 A ,,...',.,• , ....:, . . . . , % y,, , ~ . 0 - ' / , ,/ , '.•,7 , !;;,,,, , v , i C) /1 C;) //A C) ' /, . //,.. V - i r - : I, , - , 4 . V y , ,„., r• /, , /, „-,./ ,„% -,/,,,,, A 1. ' 0 / , //: ... •:.\\ ,/ /. . /.. -- [WILD El . Black to move. This is identical with position No. 134. page 294, of " Kear's Reprint," by W Hay (1838). The terms are 1113 ck. to move and Mate to draw. The position is also the same as a p,ohlem cr,ttited to William Strickland. which appeared in the New lEork " Clipper" some yeas ago, I believe in 195. Mr. Strickland considered the mo3ition a win. 1-- s(d) 10-15(d) 10-14(d) 23—IS 30-25 11-16 19-16(2) 16-12(s) 23-19 10— 6,1) 24-19 20 —ll 2 7 7-10 14-23 26.-33 25-18 9-14 31-27 27-24 19 —lO 6 1 19-15 B. Wifl S (1.) 22-18 21-19 10— 6 19-15 Black 26-30 33-26 26 —22 9-14 wins. (2.) 31-27 9-14(c) 22-18 10-17 16-12 3 8 2 7 18— 9 14-17 23-19 22-26 12— 3 19-16 5-14 21-14 17-28 18-14 26-31 Black wins. (b) Mr. Strickland's figures were 10-14, 16-12. 7-10, 27-21,10-15, 23-19. then as above. Mr. Tut per sug2e,ted 27-24 in reply to 10-14 for a draw. I reverse the order of the moves at (b) to avoid this draw. (c) 10-15, 16-12 same as above at S. (d) The Reprint gives 3-8.

ilticHilNb, cr, Burnung HUMOURS Instantly Relieved by One Application of D.1,1-TocußA Warm baths with Curicuna SuiP, gentle anoint- ings with CUTICITRA Ointment, and full doses of CtrricußA RESOLVENT, will afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, per- manent, and economical cure when all else fails. Sold ,_everywhere. Price, THE SET, 65.; or CUTICURA SOAP, ls. OJI INTMENT, 2s. M.; RESOLVENT„p. 6d.: post- paid of F. NEWBERY at SONS, London. L. C. POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. COUP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. HAVE YOU BOUGHT youa xv AS PIIESENT3 "No." Well realise the cash by sending your OLD FALSE rBRTH AND OLD BROKEN JEWELLERY, such as Watches. Chains, Rings. Brooches. Bangles, also Antique Curios, War Medals, China and Fine Arts etc., to Liverpool Gold and Silver Depot, 13, Chicago Buildings, 647,Stanicy,st. Liverpool, who give you the best Market Prices f n. same. TO THE DICA.F.—A gentleman who cured himselfof deafness and Noises in the Head after fourteen years suffer ing will gladly send full particulars of the remedy, on receip of stamped addressed envelope.—F. Currox, Amberle House, strand. London, W.C.—Advt.

:., •, .4 ik; '' • ' ' 'i• '..C.• : 4, • • . ~..g.. ,„ J , 1 ‘;_. ' * • A ..1 . • ' 4'l ": . $ • . 8 " ' '.- :7s ' ' ~.4 , ~tife AO :• . ;.,ii.; " v,,,,,.‘. 1 .A., „...,( 1 . . 'CM ' ' •.z.vil" ' FOR THE HAIR. Preserves. Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dandruff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Ir.v.aluable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 3/6, 71-, 10/6' equal to four small, a great saving.

Znitsb,Vrtbate Erratp.

*attg hp Pribatt Zrtatp.

G. ET. H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 591 61, 63 CHURCH-STREET, ANTARRINGTON, PA.TtLer pllntii.it4oielLpshaoljdteraddytne Payments taken Buy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well g 6 6s. D. made. Our Price

A DDITIONAL Weekly Income Work may be done by 11. your own firesidP. Stamped addressed envelooe for partictilars.—A.ddress B. LEWIS' 22, Amblecote-road, Brierley Hill, Staffs.

CZ infA , Sore Byes, Barbers Itch, Scurvy, Bad Legs,Piles li Burns and all Skin Disesses cured by Berry's Diamond Ointment. Testimonials received daily. 70 and Is lfd per box, post free from Mrs. W. PLATT (sole proprietress), 27, West Hillary-street, Leeds. nIGARS.-Why pay exhorbitant Prices to Shopkeepers, when we will send you direct single boxes at Wholesale Prices? Send 73 6d and we will forward you hy return a Sample 60 of our famous DON GASTON BRAND. Postage 3d extra.— RADCLIFFE AND Co., 27, King-street, Liverpool,

rtENTS very heavy 9øt Golci Sig- Payments taken k...X net RING, set with very fine Garnet. claw setting. Only 91 A Bargain aS.

DAT POlSON.—Amongst the many preparations now It offered for the destruction of Rats Mice, Moles, eta., Sanford's original "Found Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes. Is. 2d. 25.. and 35., post free, SANDFORD & SON. Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

FOEFEITED Pledge. first-class Payments taken English CONCERTINA. rose- wood frame, and rosewood box. In perfect condition; very powerful ;14,9 9 tone. Only 4.1 A./S.

TO BNGINIIIDIS. MBOHA RIOS, DRAUGHTSMBN, Have you got your pocket book for 1900 vet? If not, get the" PRA.OTIUAL BNGINBRR " POCKET BOOK and DIARY, bound in leather, wit`i pocket and elastic band, is. 6d. From any bookseller or by post, is Bd.. from THE TECHNICAL PUBLISHING CO., LTD., 31, Whitworth-street, Manchester.

FORFEITED Pledge. Gent's 9et Payments taken Gold graduated Curb ALBERT and SEAL, only 24 15s. Honestly worth El 75 MHE Handsomest Pair of Payments tn.ken FIGURES and SHADES in town is at Jackson's Church-street, stands 18 inches high only Suitable for Wedding Present lls. GD. HERE is a Bargain. Very Fine Payments taken _ Pair of PICTURES. (etchings) ' size 20 by 23; sma-t frames. Only 1 Honestly worth 22s t2s. 6D.

ihottis, *lobroff, fiarl3lng: 05tab5 LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCIC HOTE L 34 TO 40 LIIDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. HUSTON SQUABS- HOME Co3uoivre, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR Busurzes OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Cc , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDIC HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BA.RNADO. r3ummer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest building. in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOOK. Proprietor.

TACKSON'S have the best and Largest Stock of Vases, Shades an Figures, Bronzes, Marble Clocks, Regulator, and Mantle Clocks in the Payments taken district at the lowest cash prices. Come and see the windows and judge for yourselves. I\TRURAIGIA Cured, Is. 3d." procures unfailing remedy ti —BoPICINS, Chemist, 2, York-road, Worthing. -v,sa FOLK can become Slim Registered Safe Cure for is. ld.—H. J. BEST, Wootton, Oxford. FRRTWORK, Tools and Materials. frames 6d, saws id dozen, wood 3d foot, designs ld.—SnEs & Co., below. DRRSENTS.—Large illustrated list electrical and mechan- _lL teal Novelties 2d,—T. W. SUTER, South Tottenham. DE NICHES, Came ters. with vices be. fit any table, lists free,—SvEn & Co., Finsbury, London.

Cturation. rpHE POPLARS, MANCHRSTR R-ROAD. SOUTHPORT. J. —High Class Day and Boarding School for Girls. Terms moderate.

ARNOLD HOUSE •3CI-100L.Poulton-le-Fylde (near Black- pool). Boys receive a good education; comfortable home country air, moderate fees.—Principal R. TOWNSEND, (Royal University of Ireland). rrHE MISSES RIMMER, Sen. Hon. Cert., I. R.A.11,. 23. WPson Patten-street, Warrington.— SCHOOL DUTIES will be resumed, D.V.. JANUARY 23rd, IKO. Fees etc., on application. MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAG. VICT., (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, ete„ at own or pupil's residence Pupils preparel for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms n3oderate.—Apply 58, Lion-ErrnEET, Warrington.

I) EDUCED VITALIIY.—Herb cure Treatise for one stamp. _it —JOHN DODD, 60, Magdalen-yard,Rond Dundee. XMAS CARDS wich name. address Sm., ls. 6d. per dczzn ; samples 3 stamps.—PRINTER, 1, Albert-road, Park- stone, Dorset.

CASE very old SCOICH WHISKY for SispPnce.—For particulars apply H. HENRY, AND Co.. 34, Deanhaugh- street, Edinburgh.

W ARRINGTON GRAMMAR 6CHOOL. y THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN r N TUESDAY, JANUARY 23RD, 1900. The Head Master will be at home to interview Parents on Saturday January 20th, and Monday, January 22nd. New Chemical Laboratory. Prospectus, Sm., on Application ABERYSTWYTH-. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PRINCIPAL—MISS KArE B LLOYD, Assisted by a Staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters (100 D-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education. VA Finest Position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms, Electric Light. Unsurpassei Health Record. Ex- cellent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local Refisrences on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be 'made to Principal.

DE YOUR OWN MASTER.-30 ways of getting honest LP living, post free, 6 3tampr —TowNsoN, 127, Moorhey. Oldham.

MORTISING MACHINE in good order, ten chisels. one core driver, £3.—Apply LoxGsaiw, 94, Folly-lane, Warrington. S EVERAL young Irish HORSES FOR SALE. For par. ticulars apply REGINALD RIGBY. Stanacres, Thornton Hough, Cheshire. 1130 ST FREE a 28 page illustrated Price List, Belts, Ban- dages, and all kinds rubber goods.—A.Tßlxsort, 56,1 Hill-street, Middlesbro'. - (iIIEAP Printing and Lithography.—Large cash buyers V should send for estimate to VERO, Barnsley. Nearly 40 machines and presses at work. fa A 19s. 6D.—LADY'S BICYCLE, as goad as new, cost 4./`± £l2 made to order. Only £4 19s, 6d. A. Bargai n.— BURTON, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool. A EGENT'S COMPLEXION BALM and SOAP. kis' lA_ Bottle and Tablet 2s. 6d post free; uuequalled.—S. URGENT AND C0.,4 Duke A 4.1"; London. -IUIIETWORK, Carvin sousse Leather work. _l= and picture framin ilogue, 1,000 illusra- tions. free —HANGER Bi cs. NT will sacrifice n 11.6 16s SAFETY, all acc6.Bs,srles includit ;approval allowed. --CYCLIST, 13, All Saints Park, London, A/I ARRIBD LkDiES. )N OF PRICELESS .01. VALUE FREE). ape; name paper.— Mrs. LAWRENCE, 2, Soul iverpool. I[XtENOH and AMER) Co.—Post free. a 28 1 page illustrated pri v.uable information.— Address ATTINSON, b 6, Middlesborou4h. .1899 BEST Outer Covers for Dunlop Rims, us. each; tubes and valves, t 4s. each; covers re-rubbered, 7s. eaoh.—MILLENNIUM TYRE Co., Stockport. lki‘TAR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1848, or earlier, £2 given ; also round Arche-Red River. Firket, Atbara, Matabele, (tc.--MAJoia TOMBS. Droitwich.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR. SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY. JANUARY. 16TH, 1900. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION MONDAY, JANUARY 15TH at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application. &c., may be had at the School. N.B. The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN, W. COX Receiver

iSitsctibrsscs. cu.

To BB SOLD as a going concern Sur Boiling and Oen- '. fectionery BUSINESS, large stock and boiling plant ; sure fortune ; re tiring.—Apply 78, BUTLER-STREET. Oldham- road, MAD cheater.

IIAYNES 8c CO. (established 1891). GENERAL BUSINESS AGENTS. 61, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Genuine BUSINESSES. large and small, of all descriptions WANTED and for SALE, to suit all classes. Most reliable medium. No charge whatever to buyers.

kiO MOICIA mHAVllSU.—tientlemea 3have no more. Try 11 " Mulline," which kills the beard on the face; tl on. sands delightei ; 500 sold weekly; postal orders 53. 6d.—W. ht. BISnoP, Axbridge. Someraet.

ITIOLIN old Strad model, 17•2, cost £7 7s in case with V 10e. 6d.. bow arid 6s. tutor, sacrifice ZOs., bargain, approval anywhere.—W. BENNETT. Ulleswater. Itossitor- road, Balharo. Surrey.

ftlarbturp, etc. RQ ONLY.—MODEL ENGINE, Electric Motor. 0 Upright copper boiler. Steam gauge to 40Ibs. Cost £32. A chance seldom met with.—BURTON, 97, Granby- street, Liverpool.

KIND th,s .oeeta the eye of anyone A Ruptured we slull be pleased to send free a home cure for that dangerous malady. Send your address to ENEUMATIC;CURE Co. 2, Frederick Crescent, Brixton, London. S.W.

IN SALM Drapers Hawking Van. with glass sides and oil kJ tank nearly new, also Bay Horse cheap apply (after 6 p.m.) J. RYLANCE, 279 Biliinge Road Pembert,n near Station. ULASTIC—STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay .U.O three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—SMlTH & SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpool.

CHRISTMAS Playing CARDS, clean used club packs, strong square or thin round corners, sample posted is; bezique pair Is 6d : metal imitation, guinea counters 2s 6d hundred.—FOSTEß, 80, Navigation-street. Birrninaham.

1) OUGHT 041? pn LaO V K AND 901 &lall, London Bvary description of Turf Business Transacted, Lowest Prices. No commission. Best of Terms on appliestion.

SEND STAMP for oar Illustrated Price List of RUBBER SURGICAL APPLIANCES. best and cheapest in the trade; goods not approved of will be exchanged.—A. FAR- LEIGH (Box 61), 160, Hackney-road, London, N.H. 1 ONDON.—Taverners Temperance Hotel, 41, 43, and 46, IA Judd-street, Huston-road. Comfortable. I inexpensive home, close to Huston, St. Pancras, and Great Northern Statioos. Bed and breakfast from 3s ; tariff on application. PUBE COD LIVER OIL direct from the Manufacturer ; warranted pure; in bottles containing pint and a half, 2s, carriage paid ; special quotations fur lane quantities. —R. COLBRIDGE, Fish Docks. Grimsby. Established 1884.

2BW aRD to any Person Producing a Cure for 100 kCl'lles more successful during 10 years than Baselib. the Physicians Inward Remedy ; worth £l. By Chemists Is ; post tree is la. SPEIMING, Bote•setter, Batley.

A BRAUTIFUL ORGAN with onb,eatrable notes; Is /I. worth of tunes given free 19s 6d. 24 tune Musical Box. Waluut Case 408; satisfaction guaranteed or money re- turned.—C. KYNE. 86, Gray's Inn Buildings, Itosebery Avenue, London, E.C. WORRIED MOTHERS.— Dr. Balfour's Every Wife and Mother's BOOR, containing information of the utmost importance to the sex, don't fail to send ; all should read it, post free 2 stampe.—CpiTßAL DISPENSARY, 174. Kingsland-road, London, N.

ARRIED LADIR3.—Dr. Balfour's Every Wife and AL Mother's Book, containing intormation of the utmost Importance to the sex; don't fail to send ; all should read It, post free 2 stamps, -CaNTRAL DISPENSARY, 174. Kings- land-rold. London. N. -16MJ

L.. 17s. 6d.—OHIPPEND4LB DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, comprising settee, two arm-chairs and four small ; covered in silk tapaFtryn; equal to new. 15175. 6th only; a bargain.—Btnamv, 97, Granuy-street. Liverpool.

pA, TENT OFFICIO MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIRE A SON have ha. 4 mole than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praetioalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufacthres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price it. EIRORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A... • M.5.A.,, 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

itittsitat fastritaltitts. eIItPITAL COTTAGE PIANOF,ORTB, beautifully fißured Walnut case; carved truss supports, Only £l3 10s. Cost £45; a bargain.— BURTON. 97, Granby-street. Liverpool..

WILLIAM LEA'S PIANOS. -- How to Buy a PIANOFORTE, ORGAN. pr HARMONIUM At the Lowest Possible Price, and a Choice of Four Different Ways of Paying for an Instrument. 32.500 PIANOS, ORGANS, lc HARMONIUMS Sold by William Lea since 1871. Catalogues of new Up-to-Date Models post free. 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STRRET, LivERPOOL.

pIAN° in choice wataut ease, grand and full tone, mar- queterie panel front, by London maker. Net £l5. or easy payment system £l6. W ILLI A M LEA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET, pIANO by Bord. panel front. check action, walnut ease. brilliant tone. Net price £l6, or upon the easy payment sy3tern £l7. As supplied to the Liverpool School Board. WILLIAM LICA, 50 AND 62, CHURCH-STREET. PIA() N Broadwood and Sons. rosewood case, natent check action, marqueterie panel. Net price £36, or upon the easy payment system RN 10s. WILLIAM LEA. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET. lANO by John Brinsmead and dons, in ebonised case, tricheeti,rcheek action, handzome panel front. Net cash £3B. er upon the easy payment system 09 18s. WILLIAM LEA. 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET.

PIANO by Collbrd and Collard, in black and gold ease,lron frame, pin-plate. triehorci, and all improvements ; £35. or upon the easy payment system £37. "I am very pleased; will recommend you to all our friends."—T.S., Truro. WILLIAM LHA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET. DIANO by Neumeyer in rich walnut case, full trichord, L check action, iron frame, and all improvements. Net £3l 10s. or upon the easy payment system £33. "During the five years. histrument has given perfect satisfaction."—S.E. L., Harlestown. WILLIAM LRA. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-,3TRRIIT:

CIOTTAGE ORGAN. full compass of 5 Gotaves, large she, 4,-, in handsome Gothic case, with knee pedal, &c. Net £4 10s., or upon the easy payment system £5. ”Thoroughly satisfied with both tone and appesrance." —J. W., Chester. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 22, CH URCH-STMEET.

COTTAGE ORGAN, in handsome othil case, with seven stops, knee pedal, very superior finish : net cash £7 15s, or upon the easy payment system £8 ss. ** The choir. con- gregation, aud myself are delighted with the organ."—G. S. 0., Newport. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET.

IHURCH HARMONIUM, oak. with 14 stops, 8 sets of ‘J reeds, best French mike ; net cash 44, easy payments £l4 141. As supplied by William Lea to the Liverpool Board kichools. WILLIAM LRA 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STRERT, DRAWING-ROOM ORGAN, 13 stops, 2 knee pedals, 9 octaves ot reeds, charming pipe-like tone. Net cash £l2 12s. or upon easy payment system £l3 13s. ' WILLIAM LISA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET. CHURCH ORGAN, £45. Two-Manual Pedal Organ: list price 1,35 guineas. A magnificent instrument, with 18 stops. 11, sets of reeds. Net cash £45, or upon the easy payment system £4B. WILLIAM LEA, 51 AND 52. CHURCH-STRERT, LIVH RPOOL.

XMAS PRESENTS, W. WOODS & SON (ALFRED WOODS), SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SPEC I AL CLEARANCE SALE. THE WBOLE STOCK OF WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, CUTLERY, CLOCJO, kc., TO BE CLEARED AF A DISCOUNT OF 40 TO 50 PER CENr. REDUCTION. INSPECTION INVITED.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDER ELIAS : IX BOXES FOR 18s. 6d. AT W. SHA IV'S, (WHOLESALE DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS, COPE'S, HIGN.ETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. SOLE ADDRESS: T P LOCKS, RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

WALFHAM WATCHES. NEED BUT BE TRIED TO PROVE THAT THEY ARE THE BEST TI‘IEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. PRICES IN SILVER From.... ... Li 10s. Od. PRICES IN IOcT. GOLD From £4 4s, Od. PRICES IN ROLLED GOLD From .E 2 10s. Od. PRICES IN 18cT. GOLD From . £8 10s. Cd. NOTHING Si) SUI TA BLE FOR A CHRISTMAS PRESENT AS A RELIABLE WATCH. SOLE AGENTS SCHI ER WAT F R AND LLOYD, 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. WATCHMAKERS, JE WE LLE RS, AND SILVERSMITH S.

X'MAS SAVE MONEY NEW YEAR'S • P LiESENTS, GIFTS. BY PURCHASING AT THE X'MAS 1-NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. PIONEER. GIFTS. XMAS COMPLETE PRESENTS. FURNISHING NEW YEAR'S NEWEST GIFTS. STORES. and ENORMOUS BOLD STREET CHOICEST ' UP TO DATE GOODS. LIVERPOOL, STOCK. LOIN EST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. TERMS CASH ONLY. Illustrated Catalogues Free.

Et,TABLISHED 1838. Xl/ I.S. RICHARD JEFFREYS, XMAS. PRE6ENTS PRESENTS 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizea, Scc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries. ------- - - - - - - - - LADIES' TAILOR, FROM PARIS PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.. • P. RAPETTI .16A, RODNEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL PRICE MODERATE. ON PA RLE FRANCAIS.

EDWII !k.ii-Lo SON, 122 I,ol\ LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELL',..-, , k.ND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (By ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER) ELECTW) PLATE AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, am.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

MANCHESTER G REA T F 0 II snow ALL CLASSES TAILORING o F AT OVERCOATS PRICES AND AND SUITS TO CLOTHING FOR SUIT ALL AUTUMN AND DEPOT. WINTER REQUIREMENTS. SEE WINDOWS. 8, Ali D 10, HORS EMARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO . P , THOS. HEWITSON & CO. .1 UNDERCLOTHING AND C )RS ET 0 Lia ca . MAN UFACTURE RS. 1 157 TO 163, LONDON-ROAD. 40 ii, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, is. 111 D. EACH. CARRIAGE PAID. OTT CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL .

D"'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effrctual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate KEATING'S COUGH LOZENeES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right Any Doator will tell you they are TITTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. TTERLY UN RIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 13id. each, or free on receipt of stamps from THOMAS KSATINC, Chemist, London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sole Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERB ALL EMBROCATION.

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 331 MARKET ST., EARLESTOVVN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, Ac., Ac. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

IMPORTANT ANNO(NCEMINT OF PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER 'suet Past Station, through Railway Arch). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS. P ITTS'S BEG TO ANNOUNCE that from November 1 1, 1899. PITTS'S will allow all payments from PITTS'S numerous customers, who have been called up for ACTIVE SERVICE, to remain in abeyance until three months after the conclusion of peace; also if unfortunately any of such customers should be killed whilst in active service, MO'S will CANCEL ALL FURTHER PAYMENTS, and con- vey the goods absolutely without any further charge to the next of kin. PHTS'S hope that this announcement will stimulate other Furnishing and Piano Firms to emulate PITTS'S exam 416 in this respect, and so render assistance where it will certainly be keenly appreciated. DITTS'S.—HOUSBS OF FURNITURE at 154, 224 284, 384, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas. has been pronounced by pr ictical people the PINNACLE OF PER- FECTION. Indeed, they are the TOP OF ADMIRATION. Their high Artistic and Intrinsic Merits, their Beauty and VALUE, are apparent to casual inspection, which closer examination and wear only confirm. Full particulars. Press opiniens, testimonials. and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs,and showing at a glen, HOW TO SAVE 50 per cent., sent post free. Casts prices only quoted. Deferred payments arranged. .I_. 'I'M'S DINING-ROOM SUITES (Second- hand).—Magnificent solid Walnut Suite, in Hon Oriental Saddlebags, with velvet borders, divan conch, and elegant easy and small chairs, cost £3O, for £l3 ; massive spoon back Suite, very fine, heavy frames, in real skins, cost £35. for £l5 ; grand solid Oak Suite, frames exceptionally heavy, and elaborately carved, very uncommon design, cost £4O, for £l7 ; another similar, in Walnut, £lB. Choice of 200 from £6 to £6O; marvellous value. Dining Tables all sizes. Too ITTS'S SIDEtsOAtDS (Second-band).—Handy Sidebaard, in Walnut, latest design, fitted with drawers, cupboards, eta., cost £7, for £3 5s ; substantial Solid Oak Sideboard,. massive and bold. cost £lO, for £5 ; Very Special Solid oak Sideboard, splendid design and work - manship, cost £12,. for £7; marvellous Sideboard, very im- posing design, cost £2O, for £9; grand walnut Sideboard, cost £24, for £l2. Infinite variety, up to £6O each. It will pay you well to give us a call. 'PITTS'S DRAWING-ROOM SUITES (Second- hand).—Artistic Chippendale Suite, Oriental covering, cost £l2 for £6 lOs ; Inlaid Mahogany Suite, covered in silk. cost £lB for £9 ; Chipperdale Suite, expensive choice silk covering, cost £2O, for £lO 10s ; exquisite Inlaid Rosewood Suite of choice character, latest design, beautifully covered In Silk Tapestry, cost £25. for £l4 ; elegant Louis XV. Suite, In Dark Chippendale Mahogany, beautifully covered, cost £35, for £l9. Hundreds to select from, no to £4O each. In- spection invited. Cabinets and Overmantles of every design. PiTTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE,(seeond-hand). —Elegant Bedroom Suite, landscape pattern, carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £lB, for £lO : tasteful Suite In Walnut, finely designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors, everything complete, large-sized stands and tables, pedestal, rail; chairs, cost £3O, for £l5 Magnificent Suite of full number of articles, all large,of best workmanship awl design, cost £40,,f0r £18; awn hi,r similar, cost £5O, for £24. 'A hundred others up to £9O each. Must be promptly cleared out, irrespective of profit. PS'S BEDSTEADS,. CARPETS. CYCLEP S Bassinettes, Mail Carts, Lamps. Chin, Glass, Earthen ware. Magnificent selection. Guaranteed great saving. P ITTS'S OFFICE AND LIB 11A. tri FURNITURE. 1 —Every description of Bookcases Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes. Copying Presses at about Hatt City Prices. • SAMUEL PITTS. Establisned 1845 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANCHESTER, Ardwick„ Longeight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE Renowned for Tcouants, OWL cHLORQDYNE irandali TOWLE'S CHLORODY NE nef itiTi A Spasmsl TOWLE'S C FILORODY NE DrhquicKA. 24 deem, for 23. TOWLE'S CHLORODYN E ASK FOR' TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHEZ, DR. scorrs pins. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THR FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DB S"rrs pins. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HRAIITBURIG CURE ALL BILIOU:s AFFECTIONS. D' SCOTT•S pi LW. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE; DR. SCOTT'S pm LS. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDUN, W. Do nob be persisaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead. but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By Pbst ter 14 or 34 stamps.

PRT*ERVEI YOUR BYE-SIGHT.. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASFZS CORRECTLY ADA.PTED To EVERY DEPECC OP VISIOa. F. NEUBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIA.N. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR.- BYICSIGHT TESTING- ROOM'S, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARIS,BRICK AVENUE, SOUTRPORT.

rjADE'S PILLS. EAD W 8 All who suffer • frola Gout os Rheumatism s'aould immediately EAD3'S pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. litnadreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pima, been received from ,all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE S pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v EADE'S pILLs. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, ' RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest reeornmen,lation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dews bury road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HEUMATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few Lines in Or OUT wales oi your most excellent Pills. it is six years sines I Rr4 had RHEUMA Tl 5 M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course d OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton It HBUMAT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented [b'HEUMITIL3M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have u6/1 the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pint and I have beea all right again RH ZUMATI S:ld directly. I WOULD NOT Bb WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you lik.a of this, and 1 GOUT shall be pleased rk, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write BUMAT M Leg you(en every success,stamd address). Yours truly ALBERT MoumTA.Lir." ~ BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in • Bottles, Is. 1111. and 2s. 9,1 or sent post free for Postal Orier by the Proprietor GEORGE EADB, 232, GOBWELL-ROAD.E.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND 4115(1 MATIC PILLS. EADE S PILLS

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE S 0 LOILODYN . THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered. CIILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CLILORODYNS effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. IHLORODYN.E is the only palliative in Neural- v.) gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Oonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, let December, 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIKACY AND IMITA- TIONS, Carrrox.—Vice-Chaneellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLms BROWSE 1.1%3, anloubtedly, the inventor of " 01-41.0110 DYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. IT.. 23. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the woras " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYi3E "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medie3 testimony accompanies oath bottle.

THE EX ANiIN E • DECEWBER 29Tir 1899.

XMA.S 1899. BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED it PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PALETHORPES' 113 Y A L CAMBRI DM: SAUSAGES AND NIELTON PORK PIUS TO BE OBTAINED ONLY FROli ?r. CRA.M PTON, 10, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. Take VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. It Stops HO ordinary cough in one night, and cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, influenza, and whooping cough rapidly. Its vast superiority over the different emulsions and ordinary cough mixtures cannot be est:- mated. It has saved thousands of lives after they have been turned out of hfspitals. It is a new scientific remedy end3rsed by medical men. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, and See that you get it, price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per bottle (copyright). Sold by fol- lowing chemists :—ASHTON, KNOWLES, Warrington; WiLLBRIDGE, St. Helens; PEAKS, Earlestown and Newton ; Iroaeurr, Widnes; WESTON, Runcorn ; and all chernits.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THE R APION This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan. Jobet, Velpeau, and others. surpasses everyasing hitherto employed for impurity o, the blood. spots, Llotches, pains and swell- ings o the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, pains in the back. rheu• matisna. gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three d;fferent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Fall particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pAmptalet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLvoitia-sQuAlur. LONDON, W.C.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness? Send for in v book, which shows how every man, young and old, can v 5 thoreturbly and quickly cured without STOMACH ft. ADICINS or ELECTRICITY. Soecimem of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I us.d to think I never would get cured. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many po,inds.—G. FAL ." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- ft atly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Groat Russell Street London. W.C. send at once and be cured. 12 Yeats, Continuous Success

DR. DE.ROO'S COMPOUND RSNAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Btck. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum diem, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. and D'seases of the Kidneys nnd Urinary Org ms generally. Many complaints. supposed obe nervous. orten arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Hvery packavy bears the Government stamp. wida the worth, 'WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order or Tier. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Hollord House, Hol'ord-souare. London, W.C.

HAVE YOU A BAD ItLi G W. wounds that discharge or otherwtse, perlaap surrounded with In fla m m ati °nand swollen. that AN uen you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- vression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remenies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin max be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed tc continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may I've eftended various hospitals and had medical advice, adi men told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. 3end at-once a Postal Order or 2a. 6d. to 0. W. ALBEIBT, 73, FARRTNGDON-STREET Lownott, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILI,q which Is a cer, in remedy for the cure of Bad Legs ltoase maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Careuncies, Pols) le 3. Hand Punk as. Registered Copytight.)

Sold under a Positive Guarantee to cure Rheumatism, Nervous Diseases, ' Sciatica, Sleeplessness, Asthma, Back- ' ", '" ache, Weakness, Bronchitis, Stomach & Heart Troubles, and other diseases. D R 12_ Thousands Cured. This Powerful 4 American Tonic will cure you; If not e' fif money refunded. Circulars & Testi- ' monials free. 300 doses, 416. (J. KING, Sales Agent for Great Britain). SWAN- ETRAU S MARK: S'r3iNck Crescent, IEUMA TIC CURE CO. 2 Fred.eßrixton, S.W.

POSTAL INFORMATION LOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. _- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter cau ha pa- cd with Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5-0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-01, a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Beweey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, roft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 6-1 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9,39 a.m.—London' Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales, and reland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhean, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-3 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales. South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham Nor' humberiand, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London, S.-Ea,tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur y North Wales, London and South -40 pm.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, B ith, Bristol Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunabarland, W:gau Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Su:ton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport. Birkenhead. Northwich, Nantwiah and Sannbach 2-45 p.m. —Frocisham, Frodsharn Bridge. Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore. Runcorn, and Newcburch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchtord,Padgate and 113-ewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 pnn.—Liyerpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—alanchester Peterborou7,ll, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire. and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and toe U.S.America 6-15 pan.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties. and Foreign I,etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m;deliyery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON, HEAD OFFICE ••• ••• High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 81. n , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at? a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a fetter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an.extra halfpenny stamp Extra id. Sta mp

RECEIVING HoITSE, SI7D-OFFICES, AND WALL Boass ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

, J • 3., J I V CHRONIC BRONCHITIS, WHEEZING will cease at once by using that wondor. ful invention, Zematone Asthma Powder To prove the efficacy of this proparatioit ask for a free sample from ZEIVIATONE CO. 90, GREAT RUSSELL ST., LONDOILI SAMPLE FREE.

W-HEN FEELING LIVERISH REMEMBER tnat CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS "Touch." the Liver. They absolutely cure Sick Headache, 13ilious. Terpi,l Liver, Indigestion Conativation 6allow Skin, Duanles-, 'Furred Tongue. Small pill, small price, small purely vegetable, forty in a phial. Dose One at Is. lid. of all Cheiu)sts. 33e sure they are CARTER'S. :

BEAUTIFUL TEETH FOR ALL WHO USE on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, thc plea ,antest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth uwl,ipa,es between them as nothing else will. Sound and peaxly whitu teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. 2s. 6d.

1, "GOING TO POT" Ash ,rt rdno O- we leale(d he origin of fl-is epre.in. A ca.ior, whose p ac- of bwilirss was ' on the main raid to the Cemetery was curious to know how many funerals took place in a year Being a practical sort of man he secured a large earthen jar or pot, and p !aced it near his t ench then he cAlected a number of p( bbles, and each time a funeral cort eg e passed by he put a pebble in " the pot, exclaiming as he did so, " There's another one gone to pot." Gruesome isn't it? But how many go to pot before their time through Indiges.. tion, Wind on the St omacb, Liver Complaints, Sick Headache ,Costiven si,Nervus Debility,Palpitatien of the Heart, Rliousness, &c. Mr. W. Brown, Hedgenook-street, Chaucer-street Leicester, writes F or years past I have been almost helpless with Indigestion and Wind on the Stomach. Your Wind Ms h ave done me ten times more good than any other medicine I have tried." —Simple, plain, and convincing.—P.W. Mr. George Wrig ht, Agent for the " Prudential," 12, Wenman-street, B i rm ingham, wiltes :-1* You Wind Pills have done me an immense amount of good. I suffered severely from Wed and Colic in the Bowels. My wife advis ed me to try your Wind Pills. Result—Good health and lasting gratitude to you. I recommend your W i ad Pills every where/ • Every hard-driven busi a ess man, every tired, • weary house-wife, every w orkingm an and woman, fte n prevented by their working conditions from • taking sufficient exercise, should take Page 117N:d- oor:Vs Wind Pills, and shout d do it at once. Page Woodcnck's Wind P il:s being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and And and Tonic in their • action, may he taken win periect safety by the most delicate. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicine Vendors at is. id., and 2s. 9J. ; post free for price by Page W oodcock, Lincoln.

ic ,--- ' -.>'• ,•:',,i, _ • ToYProducin 7-.„--,* . _. Ev, -- ..„ „ ~._, ECCS —TT_,.;----f---:,_-.,,-..,_: -4.,1...---t---:.'.:7-TEE-,-, -,,i-----,--,------.-r---, ---,,,:-1-----T--,•---_-ti--_-4--,---------_-±. --_----___._,-4.,,,_ ilt-t§*-7.---A--4.17-- - --; --,-.----,-..-_--- -s. ,-- K-- -- --- --- jr,n ,-,-,--r I /t 1 CI. 14-*.- • : -17: / -'-''----;;•; -'7. '- . ..,.___., i•-•-:, :: ri--,v,;.- ! ,--*V--- ''''':-. iz--, P .-:,:-:-_,_:-,. •.- ._.4 , • .. • .-- 4k. !,,_ . .-.4-, F,-,....-..::_i vii.or • ~,. .. • , ~f, 7 ' ...•=4",, - Vpt, ~- .4 - • -.•-• ~, - It- • • 4-V; - , ,',--i'...vg IV. ,I. -z • I•.*'X—. 1.-..wki•--,;' $t ::;.-,,:t7-4'l;.' -ra )t.' &I', t,- :-....rk...1 fp7--,--.--,1-r--7 ,4-.--.,:.-.-. --g4 ••Z' 'Er's' ." 4.' - ' 'Aq;: i toatiaßy&G ~_„,..,...„.,. • ~,, , • •••=-4--2, , :=-.--=-; rpttitt'A scg pi • ~•,,,....!...„„,,..„.„..,. wi t,44.,i41:17.„.c.:.,:;_.-•,,:, : ~,..,_.! ....,., ~,,,„:„: .._:, ~,.„ , _..„...,,,,,9:1,,,.....1„,,,r0„,.....1„..„4.,:i4.,.,.. , ~,_i,;.....,i:x;iit.,,,rii.•iiitq,„:4......„.5.;. ativ.,••:,...5,,v,..e,4,,,i,0-t,;,„7......?„, _-. ~.,.,...„,..„4„,;.:,,2,4,„ ''„, '',.t 4 rolifilo;r00(fOr..:"' ,14. t •.. ~,,, ~, - , . , , , .

tt. ..'",,fl 'r-''7,l-P31'•`',.,.1''1.,-!;2-,,,,Y.', "ar CA.' etyq ' JO, f; '.k 0^1:".;.9 / i.r.l] ca ~,, . :, s. •i ,/,.- •v . „Nr.,,,., '4 , - 5.',.1: 4,1 41 ~„ , . ,cr,','"l'' ik,),..e, _4.44,,,,, .;,si;--., ~ ,*Th•A# . , q"i D 4 rtiJ , ' g.,..i . 9 ,c, 740,-.) EWE, 4 , i. a V -,,,,...2z.::74., ~-..,,,c1T.,..,..,,_ . , ~la2s7L st-, fi.Trt-4" HAS STOOD THE TEST of MANY YEA. Modern Scientific methods have not discovered any remedy so generally efficacious. 'The Haw Treatment of Consumption by Open-Air, Rest, and Overfeecli,g, whilst useful in many cases, dot* lic.i. alo.we nett ii,e c.lraition of the majority of patients. Medicine is Required so check the spread of tubercular bacilli, to relieve distressing symptoms, and to aid the healing processes in the lungs. CONCREVE'S CALSArtile ELIXIR has been abundantly proved to produce these effects when regularly and perseveringly taken. ASTHMA, FOR In several varieties: BRONCHITIS, especially in the chronic form: COUGHS, and common COLDS, USE CONCREVE'S ELIXIR. Sold by all Chemists& Patent Mcdieine V cndOr:S. NOTE. The numerous components of this medicine have never been discovered by chemical analysis. Do not be misled by certain false analyses of the Elixir that have been puLlish-st by critics. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post free for One Shilling. Smaller Edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Pecitham, London, S.E. *sr

.....". \ -......-...•.....-- -- ----- *4 - .48 ~ ; . r", . ..•,.. "f: r ..,,..,:„ , 0 6• 9 , ..,‘? xsfs•,.. - Pi. .- --:- :-.: 1 „ Aett :.,,,,: ;., \k-, :,. •-- :, , ,--,b.•('-- i,-.- ,', ) - - .". ..\• i t io:;' --4 ~. , y ,-:-.. "tz , ,41 -; - 9_, .0,143. •:.. , -= -: - x ,:i .;. • _ Is • ,4„iiivj,: •. . . -4.41t,_. ,;ih ~ - . ,-, , :.a , ~ ~..:..• i, - • Tt.:,- B 'it! VAL,Jr. ; n rE . ;IT:“IKET, A 7 MAKER'S CASH ?CE. - -;\ c_4(7) Just the Watch for British i..7li' Working Men. ' . , , . .P t • l. ; Ths MARVEL of the 20th CENTURY. - ----- _,,,-.. -17._#, ,--„,..„-,7,--,--;.r._,,-,-....4. 7j) 7:1;1 WV trl 0 !,..r. ~ -------4t4...4, ,-,' , * sk / s 7 c----- ~ ._,. .4.... ~.., .....-4,., 4,;,,,,.:,,,2„ r4t,' ' :aildo4: ENE L ISM L E VERN ;j1 ' .444 l•Arnd"re4wcThen" _ "'3 WE wish the public to buy a Good LONDON- MADE ENGLISH LEVER, instead • ~,A :,' ke:=l .g.. ~,,,. ,_....,..: ~;, .., of common country-made English, Swiss, or American work, and are sure they will find it * ,:f.: much cheaper in the long run, hence our intro- ,.4 ~.. duction of this Watch for those who do. not wish '',•.,,,‘ .. \-• . -:-`- ' to spend more than £3 10s. ~./ ''•--- ,el .' ‘.- 4_4 • The movement is i-plate of our best London make, Jewelled in 7 actions. In Massive Sterling Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, 2,3 .10s. Sent free and safe at our risk, to all parts of the World for cash, or P. 0.0. BE NSON 'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £3OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, &c., &o. Post free on application. In Silver Cases. ~.--,. c4P -.' \ • LWil-zaliEra WATCHES -44 kt can only be excelled by the Now English Lever described i. e A above. A sound Watch at a very low price. In Sterling 1 ‘. ' - ----*---- . . , Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, price :1.'12. Unequalled by any other Watch sold at the price. ' :44b,' "1..r0f.!. ' ' "" .. --=L-2 \I , 1 ( SelectionsOWLADT cw iI EQTsfe ilaWatchesnEds JEWELLERYANorDJ jetce eEry,sseEennuttfyr freee eTo nAbKyrEepcNeoipstlNt at otrcrreference.risk toGat I -,-----'f-1 (Lv4 parts of the World or Cash for Post 'Office Order. glifil Wig BENSON, Lithip ii;, 1 i x'... 3/ I H.M. THE QUEEN'S WATCHMAKERS, i ,\ , \*l er THE STEAM FACTORY- -0 62 & 6, LUSGATE HILL LOOM i CLOCKS far Presentation Church. School, and Public Buildings. PARTICULARS POST FREE.

%ft I Co' R.l ..7-71, GUriniEgi A MC.',.7,,Z. . - .-----, t 4 E....iv ffFrzi , -, Its" -. 4 .-...., 4 44' 1 4,,, 4 4044 -4.,,,,,, FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOiIS DISORDERS, Sick ileadmohe.. Constizationl tiVind9

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes. Is. 1-15 d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions Sold everywhere.

, ..:4 • _ ~..„ „....1.v.,, D ; . i v Li -6112---D and S;necir Boer v. Briton at Gamage's Fancy Fair. Soldiers of the Queen, War Games, Boer Armies. Forts. Cannons, Guns Men-o-War of the latest type. Motors, Electric and Steam Models in motion., Complete Railway Systems, and all the Latest Novelties. Miniature Canal, Machinery in Motion. Locomotives and Stationary Engines. Steam Wind- mills, Steam Fountains. Steam Workshops, Dredgers, Construction Games, Theatres, Biagio Lanterns, &c. Gamage's Grand Fancy Fair. For USEFUL PRESENTS, Bags, Dressing Cases, Fitted Cases, Gloves, Bilk Handkerchiefs, Silk Mufflers. returnee. Purses, Slippers. Ties and Scarves, Travelling Bags. Gamage's Grand Xmas Bazaar. For USEFUL PERSENTR. Umbrellas, Walking Sticks, Bicycles, Cycle Accessories' Fishing Rods. Golf Clubs. Cutlery, Cameras, Foetballs, Silver Plate, Jewellery, Watches.

If unable to call, write to-day for our XMAS BAZAAR CATALOGUE, sent Post Free on receipt of Address. DO NOT DISAPPOINT THE CHILDREN IF POSSIBLE. A. W. GAMAGE, Ld., Holborn. London, E.C. Close to Holborn Circus, three minutes' walk of Forringdon Street, Snow Hill, and Holborn Viaduct Railway Stations. 'Buses from all parts of London pass tlae door,

S M'XfOir Delicious and Wholesome. AIPERFECT FOOD containing valuable Medicinal Properties. There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article. IF YOU WANT A JOLLY CHRISTMAS, MAKE YOUR MINCE PIES FROM DEAKIN'S CELEBRATED MINCE MI4.:A.T a

S , &62G3 . s OltS-F'Z tilious and Nervous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADECHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, dec. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY Th-T-21 INVALID, THE YOUNG and T E. OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

FTTothing steadies the nerves 1 and clears the brain lik_r4 a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess•snce. In bottles from all Grocers. 82 n

•- -1' ~ k -4. -It, TEEttr.kg t 1.- '''' ' ' T ifir ..„...,..:„.„...„,..,,,„t.,.,....„-7,..„..,.„...,...„,...„.:,...........,...4:. 1 QtrlCitx.y CORIIECT ALL rerrutriAnrriEs, REMOVE ALL OBsTittlCTioNs' and relieve the distressingeermptoms ea prevalent with the sex. Boxes,llli & 2/9 (contains Varec times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anyw'nero on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO WLE & Co., alawufaeturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. T:etrarP of Imitations. injurintar and trep•ShiPme.

‘Oll 400 if e cift 11-4 • • CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC In RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It ;Softens and tt,nioves al: hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/I.li of all Chemints. M BEETHA N & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

WATCH a CRAM FOR ONE DAY'S WORK, ie.- • -4 -4 -44 - '. Boys and Girls can get a NICKEL- PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and ,• CRAM( for selling l dozen packages of ;Al ' BLIIINE at Fivegence each, bend your •.„, flf,l aildrees including name of County, . 4 by retUra ml4l, and we will forward the Bluine, post pate., and a large premium list No money • required. ULCINE CO. (Repartment F 1) 241, csipc.7 Road, West liprrrood, London,

v1t17:13: a7l, 4 Frnrn the first dose of Czarina the e,•ase. It has cured PERM .INIINTLY the wry w Tst eases of Epilepsy when every other reine.ly had fainod. Price 44. ed. and lie.. Post Free. . Thoosandi of Testimonials. Send for a Pree Sample Bottle. anci • t,st if. Write to —(Department 7.1 I. W. 143rMCY—ICIOC4T-4, Pharmaroutital Charniat, 23. trilh StrP.et. Belfast.

CONFECTiONER y and TOFFEE! TOFFEE I 73FFEE Ift Do you sell Confectionery? If so, write by raturn of post for a S:11111,1, 0110 foiloo Or MACKINTOSITS xrRA CREAM TOP7EE The King cs,f all Toi fessa. Even senall sh,ekerpers aro ailing this 10o9; toffee at lightning speek. Aoknowle,ged oy all W4O tiled its delicious flavour ti be a real treat, Con't.ecLiw!2ry of all descriptions at lower t pries for ca.,h. iiariotles. Apply J. RIACKIKTOSM,_ Llmlted, The Toffae

WANTED. at once, good GENTJR&L, for company house. —3l, BOLD-STREET, 5911thpOrt.

WANTED. good GENEITAL SERVANT, wages £ls. TYI Mrs. WHATMOUGII, 1, Fallng's-road, Rochdale.

- _ Nv A NwlaD r eAspppe e to A. GRIM E 200nefor.r3161otzghaonl d. lane. Wigan. fEr mC oln7f etcot WANTI,D, for first week in January, competent clean GIR , as '4ousernaid—Apply Mrs. RoßkkTs, Rook Villa, Litchford. IV-ANTED, Good GBNERAL ; character required; good ir wages to a suitable girl.—Mrs. TIMMS LUDGATE, Brighouse, Yorkshire.

(1 1.171 WANTRD at once for housework, age 14 to 16, good k - home to a willing girl.—Apply at once to Mrs. WRIWIr 140 Park-laue,LlN erpool.

'I4X) ANTED, respectable General SERVANT ; for Manches- V ter; good waves ;no cbildren.—Apply, YEW BANK, 328, The Cliff, Manchester. NATANTIM Respe,2table GIRL about 20. for small Family, ✓ easy plitee,—Mrs. WAINWRIGHT, Milton Grove, Ash- ton-on- Mersey, Manchester. WANTED. GENEIO,L for Farmhouse , character re- quired ; wage', £l6.—Mrs. SILTESTER, Broughton Polley, near Eccloshall. WAN TED, experienced GENERAL; able to do plain conking; another girl kept —Apply MoUNT PLEASANT HOTEL, Manchester-road, Southpori. VETANTBD, a steady respec:able GIRL, for General House- ✓ work ; used to children ; references required.-26 CIREENBANK-R0 AD, liefton Park, Liverpool. NV117;71 eHsDt fg good oG yS.EgßoVol,Njf e;r ef onrctriu brliecq-hucicuesde. i u Apply T. PALLET, Pouverie Arms, Chester. WANTED, COOK and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, after Christmas. Four in f unily three maids kept ; wages 22?. and 217.-14 rs.. soGaErmE, Rash3liffe, Hu •dersfield.

WANTED NURSE HOU:ShMAID (Catholic)to help nurse with three childre!a, some housework. Apply stating age. ho'ght. wages, reference MRS. WALIBLEY, Loombe Crest Derby. WANTED aft.r Christmas experienced good tempered NURSE (Catholic) three children youngest four months. Apply stating,age, height, wages, reference. Miss. WALMSLEY Coombe Crest, Derby.

I{IARS GREEN, Warrington, ON. 'site Arplay Station Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WAR D AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, 31ARBLE MASONS, &C„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and stinaates FrPe. LETTER CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING ONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
