===== 0002601_18990224_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,L • ''z,;;

===== 0002601_18990224_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER. WILD BIRDS PROTECTION ACTS, 1880, 1894, AND 1896.

"VOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the following is _ll a copy of an ORDER which has been made by the Right Honourable Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, M.P., Secretary of State for the Home Department, viz : WILD BIRDS (ENGLAND). The Wild Birds Protection (County of Chester) Order, 1898, Dated 15th F bruary, 1898. In pursuance of the powers couferred upon me by the Wild Birds Protection , Acts, 1880 -to 1896, and upon application by the County Council of Chester, I hereby make the following Order,which shall apply to the whole of the County of Chester :- 1. This Order may be cited as " The. Wild Birds Pro- tection (County of ()nester) Order, 1898." 2. The time during which the killing and taking of wild birds, or any of them, is prohibited by the Wild Birth Protection Act, 1880 (43 and 44 Vic., cap. 35),5ha1l be extended in the County of Chester) so as to be from the Ist day of March to the 12th day of August in each year. 3. The Act of 1880. as extended by Section 2of this Order, shall apply within the whole of the County of Chester to the Kestrel and Heron as if those species were included in the Schedule of that Act. 4. The taking or klliug of the following species of birds, namely :—Kingfisher, Great; Crested Grebe,Heron, Goldfinch and Owl, shall he prohibited within the whole of the County of Chester during the whole of that period of the year to which the protection of wild birds wider the Act of 1880 (as extended by Section 2 of this Order) does not extend. . 5. The taking or aestroving of the Eggs of the Owl, the Biitern, tbelKingfisher, the Kestrel. the Heron, the Sheldrake, the Dunliti,the Blackheaded Gull,the Common Tern, and the Oyster Catcher, shill be prohibited in the whole of the County of Chester. And I make the following further Order, which shall apply within the portion of the Hundred of Wirral coloured pink on the map; deposited in the Home Oft, and in the office of the County Council, and embrac- ing thelow-lying lands and sandhills situate between the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey, of which the boundaries shall commence to the south at a point of the main highway of the County of Chester 200 yards to the west of the Dock Cottages near the " Docks" Railway Station of the Wirral Railway, run along the main highway to Bictston Village, and then turn in a northerly direction and run to Bidston Railway Station of the same Railway, then turn in a westerly direction and run along trio Wirral Railway until it reaches the INI:‘ols Station of such rail- way, then run along the highway near to the Meets Railway Station in a northerly direction to the Irish Sea then en the north along the margin of high-water mark of the Irish Sea to a point at Now Brighton where the Yellow Noses join the said Irish Sea, anti then run in a southerly direction to" Warren Drive "or road,and along" Warren Drive" to the most northerly house and grounds on the west side of such drive, then along the western boundary of the houses and premises situate along the western side of such drive or road to a point 100 yards or so from Grove-road then turning in a westerly direction along the northern boundaries of the houses and premises in Grove-road, Wallasey, until it reaches the Wirral Railway, then turning in a southerly direction along the Wirral Railway until it reaches the Wallasey Marsh. then along the edge of the marsh in a southerly direction until it reaches the Poulton Half- penny Bridge, then turning in a westerly direction on the edge of the said marsh, until it reaches along the edge of tlee marsh the main highway leading from Poul- ton to Meols, such parts within the aforesaid boundaries as are market garden lands and are not coloured in the said maps are excepted from the operation of this Order. 6. The Act of 1880, as extelided by Section 2of this Order, shall apply within the above-named area to the following species of birds -- Red-backed Shrike, Whincbat, Spotted Flycatcher, Sedge Warbler, Blackcap Warbler, Grasshopper Warbler Wood Warbler, Garden Warbler, Mistle Tlarush,Common Bunting, Feed Bunting, Goldfinch, Wheatear, Chiffchaff, Golden-crested Wren, Yellow Wagtail, Pied Wagtail, Water Wagtail. Skylark, and Titlark, aq if they were in- cluded in the Schedule to the Act of 1880, 7. The taking or deetrei lug of the Eggs of all Wild Birds shall be prohibited veithin the above-named area for a period of five years from the date of this Order. 8. The taking or killing of ALL WILD BIRDS &lan be prohibted within the above-named area during the whole of that period of the sear to which the protection of wild birds under the Act ef 1880 as exteuded by Sec- tion 2 of this Order does not ( xtend. 9. The taking or killing of the Gull and the Tern is prohibited within the Adminhtrative County of Chester during the whole of that period of the year to which the protection of wild birds ut,d_n. the Will Birds Protection Act, 1880 (as extended by Seetion 2 of this Order) does • Rot extend. 10. I hereby exempt from the operation of paragraph number 9 of this Order so much of the County of Chester as does NOT lie within the Parishes of PU DDINGTON WALL ASEY BURTON LOWER BEBINGTON , NESS BROMBOROUGH NES FON-CUM-PARSGATE E As-maim H OOT ON INCE NETHERPOOL GREAT STANNEY WHITBY FRODSHAM LORDSHIP STANLOW WES'TON GAYTON R U NCO RN HESWALL-CUM- HALTON OLDFIELD NORTON THURSTASTON MOORE CALDY ACTON GRANGE YLAKE•CUM-WES r WAL'TON INFERIOR

KIRBY Including therein so much of the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey as lies within the Administrative County of Chester. -11. The Orders of the 10th July, 1895, and the Ist March, 1897, are hereby repealed. # Given wider my hand at Whitehall, this 15th day of February, 1898.

M. W. RIDLEY, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

PENALTIES.

Any person acting in elntraventinn Or thO atove- mentioned Order renders liimsr.‘lf I:ab!e to the Penalties mentioned in the said Act. REGINALD POTTS,. Clerk of tn, on. s i Cgionty Council. Chester, 6th February, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1037.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that tho Board of Agriculture hays made ail Order. which is cited as the Anthrax Order of 1899. AND WHICH COMES INTO OPERA.TION ON THE FIRST DilY OF MARCH, 1899. the material parts of which affecting the public are as follows, viz :

NOTICE OF DISE&SE.

1.--(1) Every person bav-iniz or having had in his possession or unthir his charge a diseased, or suspected animal, that is to say, an animal aff,..d:ed with, or suspected of, anthrax, shall with all practicable speed, give notice of the fact of the animal b 'mg so eased, or suspected, to a constable of the polic.:! farce for the p.lice area vrla,:-Hn the animal so diseased, or SUE, PeC!'efi. is or was.

VETERINARY INQUIRY BY LOCAL AUTHORITY AS 'FO EXISTENCE OF AN I'd RAX.

3.—(1.) A Local Authortty on receiving information of the existence, or suppos.ki exisience, of anthrax shall forthwith cause inquiry . to be instituted as to the correctness of such information, with the as,istance and advice of a Veterinary Inspector, or a veteritalry practi- tioner qualified according to the Act of 1894 to -be a Veterinary Inspector. (2.) The owner and occupier of any premises on which there is a dereased, or suspected animal, or the carease of any such animal, shalt give all reasonabn facilities for the inquiry by the Lcl Authority under this Article, and any person failing to give such facilities shall be deemed guilty of an offettce against the Act of 1894. MILK OF DISEASED COW NOT TO BE RE:vIOVED.

4.. It shall not he lawful to remove the milk of any cliseasecfcaw from the Nheti, statwe or cthp,r place in wh he) ich t cow if.] or ilia been k,br,.

RESTRICTION ON MOYEMENT OF ANIMALS OUT OF OR INFO PLACE OF OUTBREAK.

5.—(1 ) N animal shall except as expreesly author- ized by this Article, be moved out of or into any sued, stable, building, field, er oihez place in which a diseased animal is, or has died or bseu slaughtered, dr has been kept at the date of such death or slaughter, until an spector of the Local Authority is sa.tisfi%l that no animal remaining on the premises is diseased, and that the pre - inses have can cieaesed and disinfected in aecordance with, the provisions of this Ozder. (2) Any horse, as,or mule which is not diseased may be moved thereout to any place.

(3) All other animals whic are in such shed, stable, buileling,field, or other place,and which are not disoasee, may, and should in every ease where it is practieable,be moved thereout by the owner, un,er the supervision of an Inspector or other officer of the Local Authority, to some convenient place of detention for the purpose of isolation, and the animals so moved shall, after their arrival at the place of detention, be there kept separate by the owner thereof from all other animals and not moved thereout for a period of seven days. (4,) Provided that any animal which is not diseased may be moved out of such shed,etable, building,field, or other place as afore.said, or from the said place of deten- tion, to the nearest available slaughter-house under the supervision of an Inspector or other officer of the Local Authority for tte purpose of being forthwith slaugh- tered.

PROVISION AS TO REMOVAL OF DUNG, &c.,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
OUT OF PLACE OF OUTBREAK

6.—lt shall not be lawful for any person to remove any dung, litter, broken fodder, or any other thing that has been in contact with or used for or about any diseased aninaal, out of any shed, stable, building, fitld, or other place in which a diseaced animal is, or has died, or been slaup,htercd, or has been kcpt at the date of such death or slaughter,except to a place approved by an Inspector of tha Local Authority, and to which animals will not have accees, and any such dung or other thing aforesaid so removed shall be forthwith burnt or otherwise des- troyed, or shall ba forthwith disinfected and, where practicable, buried to the satisfaction of the Inspector.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DIGGING UP.

B.—lt shall not, be lawful for any person, except with the License of the Board, or permission in writing of an Inspector of the Board, to dig up, or cause to be dug up, the carcase of any animal that has been tmriee, whether under this Order or otherwise. OCCUPIERS TO GIVE FACILITIES FOR CLEANSING.

10.—Where the power of causing any ptaee, thing, or vebicle to ba cleansed and disin ectsd under this Order is exercised by a Local Authority, the owner and occu• pier and person in charge of the place, thing, or vehicl,e, shall give all reasonable facili icis for that purpose, and any person failing to give such facilities shall be deemed guilty of an offenco against the Act of 1894. PROUIBITION OF EXPOSURE OR MOVEMENT OF DISEASED OR SUSPECTED ANIMALS. 11.—(1) It shall rot be lawful for any persan— (a) To expose a diseased or suspected animal in a market or fair, or in a sale yard. or other public or private place where animals are commonly ex- posed for sale ; or (b) To place a dise,sed, or suspectei, animal in a lair or other place adjacent to or connected with a market or a fair, or where animals are com- monly placed before exposure for sale ; or (o) To send or carry, or cause to be sent or carried, direased, or suspected, animal on a railway, canal, river, or inland navigation,or in a coasting vessel ; or (d) To carry, lead, or drive, or cause to be carried, led, or driven, a diseased, or suspected, animal on a highway or thoroughfare ; or (e) To place or keep a diseased,or susneeted,animal on common or uninclosed land, or in a field or place insufficiently fenced, or in a field adjoining a highway unless that field is so fenced or situate that animals therein cermet in any manner come in contact with animals passing along that high- way or crazing on the aides thereof ; or (f) To graze a disclosed, or suspected, animal on pasture being on the sides of a highway or ; (g) To allow a disease,l, or suspected, animal to stray on a highway or thoroughfare or on the sides thereof, or on common or uninclosed land, or in a field or place insufficiently fenced. 2.—Notwithstanding anything in this Order an animal exposed or otherwiee dealt with inTeontravention of this Article may be moved by or under the direction of an Inspector of the Local Authority to some convenient and isolated place. MOVEMENT OF ANIMALS, &c., WITH LICENSE

===== 0002601_18990224_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
OF BOARD.

12.—Notwithstanding anything in this Order, any, anomr withc ar he moved in any circum- stanceslnspector or officer of the I nllaonly he granted where the B ia which ca a s Le , License License e ehs ei will ni Board, after inquiry, are satisfied that exceptional cir- cumstances reader the movement necessary or ex- pedient. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN SECTIONS OF DISEASES OF ANIMALS AC V, 1894. 16.—Horses, aoies, and mules (as well as the animals specified in the Act of 1894) shall be animals, and anth- rax (that is to say, the disease called or known as anth- rax, splenic fever, or splenic apoplexy of animals) shall he a disease, for the purposes of the following sections of the Act of 1894 (namely) SPction forty-threo (powers of p,)lice) ; Section forty-four (pourers of inspectors) and also for the purposes of all other eections of the said Act containing provisiJns relative to or consequent en the provisions of those sections and this Order, including such sections as relate to offences and legal prcceed- lugs. PRESUMPTION OF KNOWLEDGE OF DISEASE.

17.—Where the own-e-r-o-r-p-crion in charge of an I animal is charged with an offence against the Ac %of 1894 relative to anthrax, he shall be presumed to have known of the existence of that disease, unless and until he shows, to the satisfaction of the Court, that he had not knowledge thereof and could not with reasonable diligence have obtained that knowjedge. OFFENCES. 18.—(1) If any animal or any thing is moved in con- travention of this Order, the owner of the animal or thing,and the person for the time being in charge thereof. and the person cawing, directine, or permitting the movement, and the person moving or conveying the animal or thing, and the owner a ad the charterer and the master of the vessel in which it is moved, and the eontignee or other person receiving or keeping it know- ing it to have been moved in contravention as aforesaid, and the occupier of the place from which the animal or thing is moved, shall,each according to and in respect of his own acts and defanits,be deemed guilty of an offence against the Act of 1894. (2) If a carcase is removed or buried or destroyed or otherwise dealt with in contraverition of this Order, the owner of the carcase, and the person for the time being in charge thereof, and the person causing, directing. or permitting the carcase to be so removed, buried, des- troyed, or otherwise dealt with, and the consignee or lother person receiving or keeping it knowing it to have been removed in contravention as aforesaid, shall, each according to and in respect of his own acts and defaults be deemed guilty of an offence againAt thn Act of 1894. (3) If a person, with a view to unlawfully evade or defeat the eperation of this Order, allows an animal to stray, he sh iti he dtemed guilty of an cffence ageinst tbe Act of 1894.

REGINALD rOTTS, Clo-k to tn.-. Obeshire Cvuoty Council, Chester, Ist Feb:miry, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER. ANTHRAX.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAD. STEANIERS.

SAILINGS Fit LIVVITZPOOL. • s.S. LAURENTIA.N for liti.ifax and St. John N. 8., I'4 ar 2nd s,s. CALIFORNIAN for llalifax and St John N.B. Mar 16th s S. NU!IIDIAN for iifilifsx and Port ...... Mar 23rd s.s. CASTILINDI, tor Willi ,x and Porland ... Mar Saloon Fares from Clt u 1 latint R. 7, st,lerago Zs.) Through Tickets to all points at sp..cist rates. CANADA.—lfandboolis, map., rites, and full particular-, free on appliciiion to ALLAN Bs-ft aims & Co., IS, Ja3- sl., Liverpool; or to J.S. lilac:4, 34, Bridge-et., Warrington

yomisnu-ARY 24, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
- WHITE STAR LINE ROYA.L MAIL STEADIERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK vsa Queenetown. TEUTONIC Wed., Mar. 8 CYMRIC Wed-Mar. 15

_ second Cabin carried on MAJESTIC ana TEUTONIC only. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore A.ppiy to lAN ay, imam, nd Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhall street, Louden 8.C.,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Bv Fos r Is. 734 d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. is 9d. per Quarter credi

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neitneas and Despatch. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF BOOKBINOING, ACt OtJN r BOOKS RULED, PRINTED AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

jogN WALK AFL' CC., “EXAMINRR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may- be arranged TEETH TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the c. for work required.

TEETH. TEETH.

All eonsulta.tions free.

Gal and other fillings at moderate charges. An 51. D., also Lady Attendants.

TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous az!de.

TEETH.

klaker to Dent:ste of 10,000 gallons weckly. Exors, of the late

J. ET .PARKINSON (DENrisr sy ExAut.) MANCHESTER.-._._ ......... 443. MOSLEY-S ABET (Telephone lef3o), 2_5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 P.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m.

ELIRLESTOWN

TUESDAY, 2 p.m

WARRINGTON 3A., SANKEY-ST RE AA. _

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN, .31. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICH. .. -18. AP PL MA RK ET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

HYGIENIC SPRING CLEANING.

_ PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER. PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIC% AND HEALTHFUL. EAST OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR is. 6:*. CARRIAGE PAID. PAYTON MANUFACTURING CO., 10, NORFOLK-STREET. MANCHESTER.

A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all l AND-MAD ft SI EVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. MEAVY SOLID SIVLER 11/ILL-MARKED CARES, wall finished and esp hilly adapted to fit flat in the pocket, " FOR PIP XX SH.ILLINGS." This wat chis tirnecito a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WP IN. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bona- tide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given *with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakePs THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington, N.B. Sent Lost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

X2A COMPETITION for one verse of four lines on Spring Cleaning, introducing the name of the wincing club of the liuglish Cup Football Competition for 1899. Only one club's name must be given and this must be posted on or before 3let March, 1891

Mark :he Hnvelope---11.

_O3 B COMPETITION for a nonsense rhyme or five lines on Spring Cleaning beginning— " There was a young letiy in Crewe."

X2C COMPETITION for four verses of four lines each on spring ClLiming, which do not mention Spring Cleaning. or Boats, or any article used in Sp2ing Cleaning.

Mark the Envelope—C.

D COMPETITION for four verses of four lines each on Spring Cleaning. introducing the words Boots Varnish Stains, Cleansing Ammonia, morgan's eold Paint.

Mark the Bavelope—D.

CONDITIONS.

What we consider the best and cleverest verses will be awarded £2 in each of the competitions. The verses for each competition (excepting the first, which must be posted on or before 31st March), musc be sent, post paid, on or blots 30th April, 1899, and accompanied by a receipt for som-thin„ used for Spring Cleaning, bought at any of the branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for every- thing you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Fe: addresses in your town see blow.

The verses to become the property of Boors. Cash Chemists, for publication if desirod, but the sender's name will not be published without permission.

Two or more sets of verses ilI ha accepted from one sender, but each set must be amicipsnied by a separate re- ceipt,and there must be a separate receipt for each competltioa —A, B, C, or 1).

The decision of the Manager of the Competition must ba accepted as final.

WRITH PLAINLY AND GIVE YOUR ADDRESS.

ADDRESS YOUR LETTER TO- MR. 4 6 SPRING CLEAN ER,"

c/o BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS,

NOTTINGHAM,

And mark the envelope outside with the letters A, B, 0, or D, according to the conapetition you are entering for.

SPRING CLEANING.

No need to smother your rooms with stuffy csrpets need of French polishers Everything may be done decently and in order by the /adsr of the house I

USE BOOTS VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliant polish in Oak, iVsinut, Mahogany. &c. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Price 41d,, Bd. and Is. tid. per bottle.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MORGAN'S GOLD AND SILVER PAINT

As used by Cabinet Mticers, Gliders, and Decorators. Has the original brightnesB of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance.

Boots reduced price, Is. bottle for

WILLS' CLEANsING CLOUDY ANIMONIA. Reduced price, 10d. per bottle.

HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, WASH LEATTIER3, FURNI— TURE CREAM, SOFT SOAP, VARN,SH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK, &c, &c., of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices.

Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON :-35, BRIDGE sutsur. MARK ST GATB. STOCKPORT :-5, BRIDGE-STREET. 26, BRIDGB.. STREBT BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RA.ILW kY-STREBT: EccLre :-58. CHUB() ii-STREHT. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STRIIBT. CHESTER : 28, BASTGATB ROW and 30, BASTGAT".... STREET.

OHN WALKER P.iD CO.,

_ ARTISTIC PRINTERS. EXAMINER ()priori, WARLINO-TON.

. • , . . '1411A4. •

11

rif 4

lIIM

===== 0002601_18990224_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18990224_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
',..y.. . r , 1. ' { i 1 , : 1: , ' A A - f Z.. ." , V r_i_e

V 'A

f

===== 0002601_18990224_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
... ' ~ • .; ~ • , 1 •., . i . B i . • '':ij''•- i 111".: '• • 1 , - . . • , ~...' ' • , . .. ~ ; fr. ot, t A 11.. -..?. • ; %.' ' .....i' 1-r; ~,. ' • •;,,t,, ' ':.:,• - -. : !•`, •,.: - 1 ' • ! , .. :, i , • ', ..- ' ...,::••, 1 • : . -.,,,.,-, -.., . . ~., • _ . ...

===== 0002601_18990224_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Its Purity.

A WARIUNGTONIAN IN CItiCCIETH.

HIS VIEWS OF MEN AND THINGS. Well, the Yule-tide is over, gni it is a Yule-ide hereabouts, if logs of wood have anything to do with that season. The lieges have now turned ound again from their eating and drinking, ani he sacred cloee of the season finds them looking fiercely into one antler's eyes, and the Church versus Dissent is again the question. They are gasl,,.g fail of principle and the other thing. Well, as Artemus Ward used to say, " Let them gush I" The rough weather, just now, is enough to knock all the gushing out of anybody, and even the dog " Trap " has g(ot a wheezing and a sneezing, wi ich don't seem com- fortable to him. I don's think i's the influenza, but its a good imitation. I got all mixci with that "Tradition of the Ca4le '' the other week. " Oh 1 it was an 'orrible tale." My informant tells me, al- though he admits the main features of the story, especially the tragic parts. have foundation in fact. Surely that's enough tor Yule-tide. So the thou- sands that come next year to this now celebrated old pile, and may al,o see the raging main of Cardigan Bay" enjoying itself over the covered fair domains .of the two rival chiefs with the jaw-breaking names, the sad waters teach- ing a moral to naughty tersons of all time. I have just been into "town," for I live a few stone- throws from its streets and its beauties. I have made several sincere vows to see that notorious 'Black-rock," and its black cave, and its safe bath- ing sands, which sands are said to be so fine, as to take the shine out of Southpo; t,—but every attempt has been futile, and I have no more notion of that black cave than I have of the Black Hole of Cal- cutta ! However the time will come, and in the meantime lam delighted by the wo'ntt-be-denied foaming waters, that burst against that Castle rock, as if pitchiug into it in anger, vide the chief- tain outrage ; and the advancing foes of the same waters rushing over the nice neat esplanade and Marine Terrace. Eending up their spray humorously over pedestrians, and making bard struggles to reach the dwellings, where windowe-full of the fair sex are admiring the attempts ; and then amidst it all the eternal roar of the sea, in full-toned chorus, load, and sweet, and ever-tuneful," Roll on thou deep and dark blue ocean, roll, I"—its just as well that Byron should be quoted sometimes,—l mean, of course. his lordship of that name. When "the rolling sea "thus chases one away, with the chorus still In the ear, there is ever the sweet shops and pleasant people to criti- cise. This little town, although originally only— and to some extent still—a fishing village, bears all the orthodox displays of a watering place, and nobody need complain that the comforts of visitors are neglected. They boast of their archi- tecture and architects here, of course, and i well they may, for all s very credit- able. There are at least two of every trade in the town, but in hotels and public-houses there are far more, which may not be an anomaly considering that visitors are not, all teetotalers. The na.tivee I find out, are a sober lot, notwithstanding the young one I recorded as not hieing sober, and , the tradespeople are very pleasant and quite oblig- ing. The pluralit‘ of businesses gives stimulus to the suave deportment o: all, but this I suppose is natural. and as Sam Slick says, "You cannot alter human nature." I imagine that there are excep- tions to this dual state of professionalism, for I know only of one solicitor, one policeman, one bar- ber, and no sweep ! There may be necessity jor more some day. The Chri4mas celebration has been avery quiet one all along the line, but the ewYear's Day was rather more lively, for, al- though no midnight well-wishers arrived, by early dawn groups of two or three urchins assailed our ears in very understandeble English by announc- ing that the New Year had arrived, and 1809 cer- tainly was memorialized by any quantity of suc- ceeding groups persistently crying "Happy New Year, Sir," imagining that the hortnitage was solely occupied by one. Ihe success on of .luese wishers became so overpowering, itwo require a bank to satisfy all: They had ihe place 11 to them- selves and the bombardment was kept uP by further groups of smiling boys who were qualitled to max a sixpence out of a miser. I have not seen or heard of any singing or service about here, during the festive seasons. I must acknowledge the heaps of beautiful "season cards " which we have received, and it is plea. ant to know that you can live in a hermitage and not be torgotton. Well, 1 will borrow the smiling boys motto, and say "A Happy New Year, to you, sir." 'There never were such times for cards and c4her works of art, and I am sure that be- nighted Britaie, if it does not exactly know this neighbourhood it has by this: time received suffi- cient pictures of it. The little, tidy postman has of late Leen ex,:relee i2d n hie mind and muscle 2, by

Bovril is prepared from the beef of selected oxen reared under the most natural and sanitary conditions on the rich pastures of Austrailia and South America, where the prime cost is so inconsiderable as to enable the manufacturers to use no less than 40 lbs. of lean ox beef in the preparation of ilb of Bovril Extract. Microscopical analysis reveals the absence from beef extracts and beef teas of the vital principle of nourish- ing flesh foods, viz., the albumenoids ; whereas in Bovril their presence in maximum quantity is fully demonstrated.

Bovril is a triumph in scientific demonstration. In the smallest possible bulk it has every virtue an article of food can possess—it is nourishing and strengthening —it is a stimulant and a warmth-giver, and besides be- ing eminently appetising, is assimilable by persons of the weakest digestive powers.

zFertr.o Alr .7,16 if' a I Ale

hsorii

Of all C

'il4J

carrying an excessive number of Christmas and Few Years billet doux, to charm the hearts of those ivho might be depressed. It is wondeiful what a little thing brings delight and comfort to some people, as I found out when I gave a trifle to an old chap, who was breaking stones on the highway, who appeared for hours to keep his eyes and his arms on one job, as he pegged away at these hard-hearted stones, to smash them into useful sizes. The compliments of the s3ason, I said to him, and he suddenly raised his head in surprise. That head doesn't often rise, it never has risen very high. Who he was I don't know,hut he Woke I as if he would be the better for a Government Act to pension the aged. Mild, even sati:fied, he looked, and like the Salisbury Market nags "purged of all earthly passions," was quite submissive to his fate. He thought I was a mission- ary! Well, no, I said, not a paid one at any rate, although I have been one of a sort for at least twenty years ; that is, I discourage cursing and swearing. Then again for the same space of time, I have employed my boot toes in kicking orange peel off pavements to the dilapidation of the soles. A medical friend of mine said this latter philanthropy was hurtful to his profession, and in the coolest, bloodthirsty manner, threatened to buy six-pennyworth of oranges weekly and distribute the peel on places where it could nicely break arms and legs. But I didn't believe him; it was only his play' ulness. The festive season about here is kept mostly outside of dwellings. Hunting the hare is in rampant force; shooting partridg:s in high feather, and as for fishing, well I don't know about thst ' • but this I know that at easy distances there are plenty of streams, lakes,ancl bays to delight the souls of tha disciples of Izaak Walton. And out- side too, are the birds in great number singing and , chirping gaily, occasionally ; the dear little robin visits us, and in the lanes we have the black-bird, goldfin.ches, bullfinches and others, while we have those other feathery fellows they call Jack-daws, who fill the chimneys with nests if you let them, and at this present moment there is a magpie sitt- ing on a senall tree in front of the window where I am writing. Ah ! he sees me looking at him.and like the modest bird as he is, he has flown away, to visit somebody who won't look at him—but they must mind their spoons !

',rower 474r4r.dr,0 Aro' Aril

*4 One enjoys both the method and results when the genuine and original CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS % k is taken; it is pleasant and refreshing to the taste, and acts gently yet promptly on the 0 4 Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels, cleanses the t; *4 system effectually, dispels colds, headaches and fevers, and cures habitual constipation. p 0 CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS is the only 1 k remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing % to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, %4 prompt in its action and truly beneficial in P k its effects; prepared only from the most b 4 healthy and agreeable substances, its many 1:14 k 444 excellent qualities commend it to all and have p p made it the most popular remedy known. 0

0 Ask for . .1 0 4 %California .Syrup of, Figs, !, e, and look for the NAME and TRADE MARK Of i.ite k 4 California Fig .skrup Co., Z; zwhich alone guarvlec. • '.-41 and genuine. kt Refuse all substi

.C.O. ,00. r Ce. t it o en i '. , , , 0 4 , t Il- e) -- NI L v!....„plikli'sr%= So 1 \127 ~,., % Ki-.------- - - 0 . 0 ,141".'-'4414‘ 0 - 1,4;11.- ,!_,..14.4.41,1-4:::, % _ ----:--e*?7,:".;.ftt '4* grA, 0 4 ..,1 - . n 0 '..'',4 0 ImITATEDINkur. % %

===== 0002601_18990224_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR T.) T 1 OCER FOR M CI)0 GA. 1 V.) PATENT SELF,A.tsn (-N FLOT; r?.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
For Influenza.

Now that Influenza is making havoc everywhere a few words about the preventive qualities of Bovril will be both welcome and seasonable. From an occasional cup of Bovril (especially when the brain and body are fatigued by protracted work or any other cause) we derive a certain amount of nourishment, stimulation and warmth : without these the system is ill-equipped to ward off an attack of influenza. Bovril is a mainstay and a sustenant, so stimulating and re-invigorating in its effects as to act as a most effectual bodyguard against the dangers of germ diseases, colds, chills and other ailments common to the winter season. Bovril not only wards off disease; it makes blood, bone, muscle and brain, serves as fuel to keep up the fire of vitality; and, as a true food, effects permanent good.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE, One of the prettiest toques which I have seem this season, was one of sequin net, with folds of black tulle laid lightly round the crown. On the left side were clusters of red roses and foliage, with birds of a lighter shade intermixed, and standing up above them was a choice black ostrich tip. . . .

-As for spring fashions now spring is getting so near, there is beginning to be abundabces of them o be seen. The best I have seen, though, is a stylish coat of cloth, with stitchings of silk facings of white cloth, and pearl buttons. Steel or silver buttons look well on this model, which is very effective in light cloth, stitched white, and with purl or steel buttons.

Tailor-made gown reqiiire very little additional trimming, but the iitut core and exl.ctitude is necessary in making up, or it may be utterly ruined. Most of the lawn, antelope, and pater grey tints are stitched with white, but if a deeper shade than the material is us+-.AI for stitching, it must not be-too dark a contras+, or it gives a common effect. On black and very dArk material', pe.:e-coluured stitchings, notably those in amber, pale blue, heliotrope, . and biscuit, are exceedingly effective, especially if the revers are faced with silk of the same tint torraini4 a foundation under guipure or sequined net. One with grace- fully pointed tunic is already in favour for very early spring gowns. Tnis costume is of light fa.wn•coloured cloth, stitched with 'pale cinnsmon-brown, and the coat bodice has revers of ivory satin and a border of narrow skunk fur. The fitted lining is in front, filled in with rucked ivory surah to form a vest, and the fronts of cloth lie over this vest, and nearly meet at the waist. There is a high collar, wilich does not come round to the front, and leaves ample opening for a big jabot of lace. The Lurline costhme is a dainty little gown suited to a tall, slim, and rather long-waisted figure. It should be made of faced cloth in a very pate shade of grey, as this is the colour which best befl:s a slim, figure. A narrow, machine•stitched bias fold of satin outltnes the coat and the frill which forms both the back and the jabot on either side of the silk vest. The skirt forms a tunic or double skirt, also outlined by a blnd of satin. The collar of the coat- bodice is a very original one, and a fall bow of lace fast,ens the neck.

A very taking coat and skirt for early, spring wear is one made in pale tan face cloth ; the little coat fastens invisibly. the front bssque falling in a rounded tab, braiding appearing on the collar, revers, and front cf the coat, carried out in black tubular and narrow braid. The long skirt is alose- fitting over the hips and wide at the feet; it is trimmed all round and down the fronts with braiding to mateh, and the coat is lined with pale blue glace silk. Another charming dress is of pale grey faced cloth, braided in a scalloped design with grey and silver braid. The skirt is cut in two pieces, the upper part in the form of an apron fitting closely to the figure, and the lower part, being cut so as to hang full round the feet. The double-breasted coat is cut very short on the hips, and is scalloped and braided all round to match the skirt. The collar is cut in quite a novel style, and the whole costume is lined through with rose-coloured silk. e!‘i!

Talking of the cold weather we have had, reminds me of a new evening wrap which has just ,;;Ale into use by the use af pale tints of cloth and milimere, which is specially eff2ctive when lined with glace silk in some pretty contrasting tint. White or ivory cloth looks well with a pink or yellow glace, pale grey, with salmon or daffodil. yellow, while pihk cloth and w‘hite or ivory glace are most harmonious. Green, bltia, and heliotrope should be avoided for lining, as these tints clash with so many evening tints, and few women care to have many evening wraps, and require one which is wearable with any gown. Your loving JKNNfill

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

late?. Pill Dose. Price. in a

vVege- tabie.

0, Liver, ple:ion, ttrd prn pt 1y :

• ~...,;.:,T7.,,, i) ~...*.A..c„...:.,:i\ 1\ t 11, '. rkf'Al't:-. ::'.,:::;"`.7.5!'.•,,,;:t.‹,./ t' \ \ •v. , : ;',.•,-,;',•:\i '.' ' ,:''..'.' ' .7 ~:' ' " : . - • ; .. :-: ‘.'..!, •P A :;•,,t',.,,:\‘.". '',-;: , ,''• -;-,... ‘V.,;'. ;4'2 :..(.1.; 11 • 44'.:tr:,;''' •'4:M;:\ti.:;7'''''''; 4,,

St. Srfe Ali ERSm ii WITTLE Forty iVER. vi (A: ija

i , a.,.,,,/ii•f------ 1.,). • 1 4.7.07,'"-- _;_il • ' ''. •, A V-11 W pi, a;,,.-1,:9 ' 1 ;:',%°;:::..;"1.'5g..:117*-„0 0 '";? e ' ;t5;"-P;:,-•,-- 'N),11;• ;.• ! A.. •.•- •44.,,,Q-.!•-•..11.i.,vii.,e,„ikt,, (..- /90., ~,, .• 0 ~•,),, , (fisi iii-4---,11:c3.,••„,:ifi.4; ',.•,,,,,p --:-..-,.;,-;,.,..p.,,,;,,,,:•4,,ik.:?4,,0). • ia4 ki.•„,,-„K-L.--11, p: • / ( 11 Millitiii/i. ‘•E'• ~,,- ',-.Y.-:% 1,,,i1ia tilli,itilisitil&t4e•:l:: _--,,Av--- kit i 0 1ii';iiit,,,,f,.....:-:•,.,- : '..-.ifar,.,':'k,s.. _ ;. A.....0i.,!..,!..:,..,..:-,- .. 7'. - \- •• —.'.'. i,,,,,,.:•,,t,.•_•• . ,-.,, , ~,,‘ tk'itgq•::;-•::::',,:,•:.•,,,,•,;..••••_. *. , • ' 't=fN Stoi/4),•> ~

.`,6) 4Et",-, ikf;', '':,, PI- V.I. . ; „Nt . )-:- ~,i.;.,f,,A.,11 :- .'t,1441,t.k k 1 ~ , 12.101,0 ,\ ~ r, Ct , ' ~„—.1:,, c 7.. :, 11.,:ii \......31 LA 4,rviii‘, * ~,,,,,.v.,\ , •*.t;'...,: .. ~ ' . 1 ~,';;-,.; . .. , ..i.t.e.'' •'''''' '' ' ''' 1 ' 'ti:l7,,t;', \iibl;kilitkt:..l ,rtiln ' ' 1 Vill 1 ",1,11,1 4i,..':,:i:',1,....':'A ,`v ' .:„; s', ..Q_, 1" • 4L2w,,,., —77:',•:,'#'l4,k \,(..1 ---,.....;i5....„...._,,,,,....,\

===== 0002601_18990224_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
11:42:ahle;

- - BEAUTIFUL TEETH for aU who MO daily on the tooth :znsh a few drops of 4: SOZODONT pleasantest deptirrleot_

_ world. Cleansea the teeth and spmeT.: between them asnothci7.l will. Sound and pen:!".' teth. rO,-;77 and .f. • . .

rd.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The London season has opened with considerable dis- content, much grumbling has been the order of the day. Many of the gowns carefully thought out and completed for the Drawing Rooms have been rendered useless, owing to the order for half mourning, and in the general rush and scramble for others, women have had to put up with scant attention and consideratlon from the over- worked modistes.

A half-mourning Drawing Room is by no means neces- sarily a monotcnous,or colorless one. There are the almost endlessly varied tones of purple lilac, heliotrope, mauve and rhododendron which is nearly pink, but just saves itself by annexing the title "orchid mauve." There are also many tcnes of cyclamen which are really red- dish-mauve, these pass under the name of "cyclamen mauve." To add the name of a country to some color is sometimes sufficient to make it a mourning shade. " Tyrian purple is a case in point, but it is doubtful if such a decidedly scarlet tint would ba allowed, even in these days, as mourning, although many of the so- called shades of grief are really only fourth cousins,four times removed, to the original hue. in her aversion to conventionality, the ex-Queen of Naples has always closely resembled her sister, the late Empress of Austria. Her eccentricity once took the re- markable form of hiring the Paris Hippodrome upon several occasions, where, in the presence of only her husband and servants, she appeared dressed as a circus rider, and riding barebacked, jumped through hoops, and over banners, while the ex-King Francis threw rub- ber balls into the air, which she skillfully caught at full gallop. Her object being to prove to her own and her husband's satisfaction that she was quite as clever as any professional. Miss Clara Butt, one of our most popular contralto singers, has quite recovered from her recent indisposi- tion, and is in excellent voice again. Miss Butt is very bright, and full of fun,and has a most breezy unconven- tional way of talking. She was born in Jersey, and was prepared for the scholarship which she ultimately ob- tained at the Roy al College of Music by Mr. Rootlaam, one of the best singing masters in Bristol. Tte first im- portant appearance was at the Albert Hall (London) in December 1892. Miss Butt's voice is unique, hr com- pass extends from the low C (in the bass clef)to A above the treble stave. _ . .

_ Fashionable wediings will be no more until Easter is with us, as no one dreams of being married in Lent. The diminution in the number of brid-sma'cls kas been very noticeable of late. Ten and twelve were by no means unusual at one time, but several latter day brides have shown themselves quite content with two or three. In Paris many society leaders are ridiculing the whole idea of bridesmaids, the bridal veil, b quote, &c., and advocating the" travelling dress " ceremony what their motive is, for this change of opinion, it would be diffi- dult to say, but one thing is certain, it is not due to the desire for economy. Before Princess Henry of Battmberg introduced the MOCIO of having Princesses for bridesmaids, it was not considered right for royal ladies to act in this capacity, and the daughters of noblemen were invariably chosen. The last occasion when the daughters of the British aris- tocracy were bridesmaids to royalty, was on the marri- age of the second daughter of Princess Christian, to Ptir ce Arebert of Anhalt, neatly eight years ago.

Toques built entirely Of flowers ;re alit ady en evidence on fine days, as are also Fght, spring-like cats and skirts. To prove a success the former must be of the very beet French design, or they have an ,anpearance of vulgarity. A little white jonquil with an aigrette of its own green leaves, and a tiny knot of brilliant green velvet, makes a lovely toque for a young face. Ribbons promise to be very little used for trimming smart mil- linery, only the more simple kinds ef hats. For this purpose, quite wide ribbons will be chosen, plain and fancy sorts about With the bright warm spring weather, blouses and shirts will appear again, in full force, and a few hints concerning belts, we should many of us, do well to bear in mind. Women of rather too ample proportions should patronised the narrow belt only, and if it fastens at one side with a large bow under a slightly pouched bodice, the appearance is greatly improved. The waistband should invariably—by slim and stout alike—be pulled slightly below the waist line in front, and whenever possible, it should be composed of a yielding fabric, cut on the cross, so that it fits the figure tightly. Waved fronts and entire wigs are being worn by large numbers of women, at the present time. This is partly due to the desire to allow their own hair leisure to recover from the waving and curling operations it has so long been subjected to, and partly to the desire to save time. The fashionable woman has at least four or five wigs, and three or four knots of hair. These are dressed on blocks, and kept ready for use. Should she come in from a brisk ride, or a spell of cycling, three minutes will suffice to change, and send her to the luncheon table with a perfectly dressed head. In the evening, instead of the lengthy operations with curling and waving irons, all that is nrceseary is again to remove the wig, replace it with 4 freshly dressed one, and substitute for the low knot, a high, and more elaborately arranged specimen. This operation takes less than five minutes. and ninety-nine times out of a hundred, detection is impossible. POTTED BEEF.—This makes a pleasant change for breakfast, costs very little,and does not take much time to prepare. Take hale a pound of cold roast or boiled beef, cut it small, and pound it in a mortar. Add a little butter, powdered mace, a saltspoouful of male mustard, a few drops of anchovy sauce, pepper, salt and cayenne. When quite smooth, and ail the season- ings are nicely blended, press the paste with jars, and cover with clarified butter. Those who do not possess a mortar should buy one as soon as possible, for with it any scraps of fish, cold meat, or poultry can be conver- ted into a palatable relish. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_18990224_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE SAVING IN THE ROYAL NAVY.

One of our representatives tele the story :—" Sean l- ing at the pier-bead, Tilbury Dock, waiting for an over- due boat in the recent Channel ga,e, I fell into conversa- tion with the pie-head master. Mr. J. Palmer, a fine lorliog man of perhaps forty years of age. He asked if I bad made many voyages in rough weather, and was in- terested to hear of my experience. "We have had some rough times here during the last few days, too," he said. "Will you excuse my asking, sir, what your profession is ?" I answered that I was in the proprietary medicine business. _ _ .

He immediately asked, almost anxiously, "What proprietary medicine 2" And on my Baying" Warner's Safe Cure," his face lighted up with pleasure, and grasp- ing my hand Warmly, he told me the Safe Cure had saved his life when serving in the Royal Navy, on the West Indian Station. I asked him to tell me the story, which he did most willingly. "It is perfectly true that if it had not boen for Warner's Safe Cure, I should not be standing out here on the pier, exposed to every kind of weather, and able to face it all, rough or smooth. For in 1889, while in the Navy, serving in the West Indi s, I was taken very ill, and the medicine ordered by our doctor seemed to do me no good at all. My complaint was Kidney and Liver disease, and my legs, hands and face became ter- ribly swollen. "I had read in the papers about other people who had been cured of this same disease by Warner's Safe Cure, and &though the doctor wouil not recommend it, I determined to give it a trial. I obtained a few bott'es through the Army and Navy Stores, took the contents perseverinAly, and here I am safe and sound, never baying had a day's illness during my last seven years of service here.

"I can certainly recommend the Safe Cura to any- body, and shall be only too pleased to do so." Warner's Safe Cure has be( n before the public for the past fifteen years, and achieved a success never equalled in the history of medicine, not only in Great Britain, but in the United States, Germany, France and Aus- tralia, and where it may ba obtained of all chemists. These are not idle statements, but which have been tested and proven by thousands of sufferers of all con- tinests.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SALT UNION LIMITED -ANNUAL

REPORT.

The tenth annual report and balance-sheet of the Salt Union, Limited, has been issued. There is no divi- dend on ordinary or preference shares. During the year the sum of £5,924 was expended an new work's. There is a balance of £45,323 on profit and loss aecount. De- benture stock interest amounted to £51,000, leaving a deficit of £8,676, which amount has been transferred rem the reserve fund to the credit of profit and loss cco-rnt. The tonnage of salt delivered was less than ast year by 47,000 tons. The alterations in the mode of manufacturing chemicals and the change in other indus- tries have still further decreased the demand for salt for industrial purposes and quickened competition against salt producers. To the East Indian market there has been an increased supply on lower rates of freight during the last half of the year, the ben— fits from which have not yet been realised in the accounta, whereas the latter have suffered from th,e losses incurred by earlier shipments made at high rates of freight. A disused set of salt works belonging to the c*mpany have been fittei with soap manufacturing plant and machinery, and the com- pany is now producing high grade soaps for household and toilet purposes. Some of tfie craft continue to be profitably ntilised for the conveyance of general mer- chandise. The finarc,ss of the company have been some- whatbampered by the past policy of buying up proper- ties, and the Board intend to sell any surplus property as opportunity offers, reserving the brine, rock salt, and minerals, and guarding against the use of the lands for competing purpesea. In August last the salt manufac- turers in the Aliddesborough district included in the Union established the North Eastern Salt Company, Limited, which is now in sucessqlul operation. ..Sr(ni!- rus efforts have been made to form a stul,r ccin, a ny• amongst the manufacturers in the Ch,,, hire, Stiffotd- ehite, and Lancashire diE Huts, hut it 119. s not yet b2en found pcsaible to brinr.,s this about. A worTainft arranzr- ment has bum entered into between mo:t of the cutscl-, manufacturers and, the TT rr air aini7,g the higher p.Yel of prints Lady pLt :nto (),peution.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCESS DELILAH.

By MRS. GEORGE CORBETT,

Author of "When the Sea Gives up its Dead," "The Prince Physician," "The Vindication of Olive Trevethick," "The Star of Yukon," "The Adventures of an Ugly Girl," "Deb o' Molly's," "A Fair Blockade Runner," &c.

CHAPTER XIII.

LORD ALFRED SETS HIMSELF A TASK.

As a inatter of course, Lord Alfred immediately secured a copy of the paper whose contents were heralded by the sensational placards, and it needed only a glance to convince him that there were some very material points of resemblance between the disappearance of the great stockbroker, and that of John Mills and Teddy Quicke. Polly was equally interested with himself, for it had also instantly occurred to her that even the reporters were connectinc, the present mystery with the former ones; and she eagerly seconded Lord .Alfred when he expressed a resolve to begin a course of systematic investigation at once. "I will just escort you along Piccadilly to your house," he said, "and then I will set about making certain inquiries which appear to me to be exceed- ingly important. .It is not that lam especially interested in Mr. Mosenthal himself, but I am convinced that a solution of one disappearance will lead to the unravelment of all mystery connected with the others, and in this case. the scent lies hot, for there has been no serious wa3te of time."

"Go at once," urged Polly, "and see what you can do in the matter. I won't take you home with me, because the sooner you begin your investigations the better. Besides, it has struck me all at once that it will perhaps be just as well if we do not let certain people. see us often together, for much will depend on preventing them from guessing that we are working in collusion against them. _ _ _ _ _ _

Lord Allred saw the wisdom of the idea at once.

Nay, he even went a step further, and it was hastily arranged between the lovers that until certain aims had been realised, they would, to all out- ward appearances, be mere acquaintances; even going so far as to repudiate any suggestion of a possible nearer relationship. By thus practically disavowing any community of interest, it would be much easier for Lord Alfred to be successful in his task, if, as both he and Polly suspected, the Duke of Hapsburg Solltesein was a prime factor in bringing about the disappearances. The Royal Academy, being so near her home, was a very convenient place for Polly to select as a rendezvous, but, Ter cuntra, it had the dis- advantage of being too fashionable a resort to escape the unwelcome intrusion of the very individuals whom it was desirable to mislead. It was, there- fore, hurriedly arranged to substitute the British Museum as a meeting-place whenever it seemed unsafe for Lord Alfred to appear openly as a visitor to the Rizzen-Quickes. Any important communication which Polly might have to send was to be addressed to the Junior Carlton, and Lord Alfred would supplement his occasionl visits by daily letters to his fiancée.

Then Polly huiyied liome, and• her-lover entered a hansom in which he was driven to Scotland Yard, where he asked to see Detective Raleigh, who luckily chanced to be on the premises at the time. To him Lord Alfred explained as much as he considered advisable; and then gave a concise summary of what he believed to be a sequence of events which were the work of a gang of con- spirators. "The first link in this chain of mystery," he said, "is the disappearance of Mr. John Mills, together with a large sum of money which he had just with- drawn from his bankers. A few weeks later, Mr. Edward Rizzen-Quicke also vanishes, also with a freshly-drawn sum of money in gold; and it must not be forgotten that Mr. Mills was intimately connected with the Rizzen-Quicke family, thus justifying the theory that we must look for the culprits among people who are acquainted with the regular habits of the family which seems to be especially singled out •for sinister experiments. Soon afterwards there is a daring robbery at Mr. Rizzen-Quicke's house, and one of the most unique jewels in the world is taken away. But for a fortuitous cab accident, there can be no doubt that Mr. Rizzen-Quicke, senior's, disappearance would also have to be recorded; and now all London is placarded with news to the effect that Mr. Mosenthal, the well-known stockbroker, has been spirited away.r. There is evidently a deadly system of kidnapping at work, of which the motive is clearly apparent to the simplest mind, for in each of the three first cases a large sum of money has disappeared; and I mean to find out how far the analogy has been continued in the case of Mr. Mosenthal."

"Jean enlighten you a little already on that point," put in the detective quietly, "for the first idea which suggested itself to me in connection with Mr. Mosenthal was to ascertain if he had followed the example of the others in disappearing with a lot of gold in his possession."

"And has lie ? " "Yes: This time the number of sovereigns in- volved is not less than six thousand, for Mr. Mosenthal had running accounts with the Union, the City, and Lloyd's Banks; and his withdrawals have been judiciously divided between the three. Of course, it can readily be understood why the victims have been induced to load themselves with sovereigns, for these cannot possibly be traced; whereas paper currency of any sort cannot be used without almost certain detection. The most vexing part of the business, to my mind, is the ease with which that cabman got off with Mr. Rizzen-Quicke's thousand pounds. his capture would have been of great value to us; for the man who drove the hansom which could not be identified as anybody's property is either one of the principal conspirators, or he is hand and glove with them." "And how do you account for the facility with which all these men have been induced to fall into the traps that have been laid for them? " "Well, my lord, I can only think of one explana- tion, but I fancy it will prove to be the correct one. They have been hypnotised; and that man who pre- tended that I had advised him to go to Mr. Rizzen- Quicke is the hypnotist himself." "You are right! That is exactly the conclusion I have arrived at. But, having learnt so much, of course you have been doing your best to trace that man ? "

"Of course I have, my lord, but I have not found him, although his description is posted in every police-station in the kingdom." "I can tell you why you have failed: you are looking for a stout, elderly, bearded man, possibly forgetting that the very nature of his errand would suggest the necessity of adopting a disguise. But would you be surprised to hear that I think I can put my finger on him ? " Needless to say!' Mr. Raleigh was very much sur- prised, and he eagerly agreed to second the efforts of the young aristocrat., who was making it his personal business to unravel mysteries of a peculiarly uncanny nature. The task upon which Lord Alfred entered was a dangerous one; but the arrangements which he made with the detective shewed that the criminals, whoever they might ultimately prove to be, would have as an antagonist a young man who had every element of success in his favour. He was full of mental and physical vigour; had plenty of money at his disposal ; and was so level-headed that not a single precaution was neglected by him. Mr. Raleigh's name had been mentioned by the man who undoubtedly hypnotised Mr. Rizzen- Quicke, and it was, therefore, palpably unwise for him to be openly enlisted in the work of elucidation. So he was deputed to communicate with Lord Alfred by letter only. Another detective was engaged as personal attendant to Lord Alfred; and to a third man was to be entrusted the duty of shadowing his lordship, whenever he took his walks or drives abroad.

This duly appointed guardian was on no account to betray his interest in his charge by addressing him, unless the safety of the latter made such a course appear necessary. Any information he might want to impart was to go in a roundabout way, either through the new valet or vid Mr. Raleigh at Scotland Yard. In this way Lord Alfred hoped to secure his own safety, and to avert all risk of being suspected of cherishing too great an interest in the urravelment of the kidnapping mysteries. By the time he and D,Jective Raleigh had come to a thorough under.Aanding with each other, Lord Alfred began to feer the need of physical refresh- ment, and he drove straight from Scotland Yard to his club, where he dined leisurely, the while he assimilated the opinions of various gentlemen, whose conversation dwelt largely on Mr. Mosenthal and his affairs, "There will be atma • tio Stork Exchamze to- man, who had e conversation wi" anwars th

10 Yr)

do-' on tho

I one gentle-

from a T. "It

linent

lleW Call:DarlY

D'AindS

Lula .L near tnat lie flab induced no end of smart speculators to take shares. The Electrolytic Gold- maker's Company' is tho style and title of tho

syndicate; and though only the allotment money has been paid in so far, it represents a sum large enough to tempt an even more reputable man than Mr. Mosenthal to run away with it." "Indeed!" remarked Lord Alfred meditatively. "Am Ito infer from you that you believe Mr. Mosenthal simply to have absconded with other people's money ? " "Well, that is putting it rather too strong! But 1 don't mind betting a fiver that what I have hinted at will prove to be the true solution of the affair. Why, you have only to look at the prospectus of the company, to be brought round to my opinion." "Can you give me the chance of looking at a vrospectus ? I have a hazy idea that I was ria•cularised on the subject myself, but I did not esrx much attention to it."

f'ails invited, Lord Alfred's voluble acquaintance withdrew from his pocket a printed document, which proved to be the prospectus of the .Electrolytic Gold-maker's Company, and a rapid glance over its preliminary list of shareholders made the peruser feel astonished at the number of financial gulls that were evidently waiting to be plucked by the unscrupulous promoters. The list of those persons who figured on the board of directors was rich in titles, but it bore no names of established repute in the financial world. The prospectus itself was a glowing literary effort, containing golden promises enough to extract hundreds of thousands of pounds from such unwary investors as were unable to discriminate between the false glitter of names which were all show, and the reliability of more modest promo- tions, which were godfathered by men who did not care to lose their hardly-won business reputations. Two names which Lord Alfred had half expected to see were absent from the prospectus. But this was no proof to him that their owners were not mixed up with Mr. Mosenthal and his affairs.

"The Duke and the Prince," he told himself, "are supposed to be people of unlimited resources, and there is no apparent reason for connecting them with the financial speculations of Mr. Mosenthal. Yet. various little circumstances seem to point to a different conclusion, and I have more than a suspicion that they are nothing better than -nld adventurers, who keep up 'their glittering ;retensions by means of constant scheming of a shady nature. I am sure that Prince Carlos is wooing Polly for her money only. Certainly she is sweet enough to be worth wooing for herself, but she is not the kind of girl who would appeal to a man of such a disposition as I credit him with possessing. On the principle of 'Birds of a feather flock together' I should be inclined to distrust the Duke of Hapsburg-Solltesein, even if I had not already become convinced of his insidious use of a dangerous power. Now, if I take it for granted that the Duke and the pretended detective are one and the same person, it will be easy to go a few steps further, and argue the matter to its climax. Thus it would seem that the man who almost succeeded in spiriting away Mr. Rizzen-Quicke was the same individual who did actually spirit away Teddy and Mr. Mills. Nor can there be any doubt that Mr. ,Mosenthal's disappearance is due to the same agency, and was dictated by the same motives. In all these cases the object in view has been speedy enrichment, for in each and all of them there has been involved the vanishing of a large amount of money, which, being in sovereigns, could not be traced. Granting, therefore, that the acquisition of money is the primary motive, other forces besides hypnotism have been at work, especially where Teddy Quicke was concerned, and I should very much like to discover to what extent the Princess Delilah is interested in the successful sult of this kidnapping campaign. My justifica- __on for assuming that the Princess is one of a trio of daring criminals may seem very slight, but great conclusions have, ere now, been built up from equally small foundations. 'Moreover, I mistrust the woman, and I am no judge of character if she is not a scheming adventuress. In any case, I can prove the soundness of my theory by pretending' to fall under the spell of Princess Delilah's beauty. I shall then know what sort of influence she brings to bear upon her lovers."

===== 0002601_18990224_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV.

II VII THE PRINCESS DELILAH. It was half-past nine in the evening, and the Princess Delilah's residence was the scene of quite a lively gathering of friends, who had called to inquire after her welfare, as a result of the alarming paragraph which had appeared in some of the evening papers. To all appearances there had been slight foundation for the rumour which credited her with having met with an accident worth recording. All that had happened,she said,was that she had stumbled when coming out of a carriage, had put out her hand to save herself from falling, and hid sprained her wrist a little. There had been no need to call in the services of a doctor, for her maid had bandaged her wrist for her, and it would very likely be all right again in a day or two. Well, I'm sure I am glad to hear such good

.we," observed Mr. Price, the wealthy American who had figured at Princess Delilah's ball as one of her honoured guests, and who was now apparently on terms of intimate friendship with her. "When I read the paragraph I got a little fright lest something had happened which would cause London to lose its brightest star." "Now then, Mr. Price," pouted the Countess Sforza, who was also present. "I think that was very ungallant of you. You should have remembered that you were in my company, and have said one of its brightest stars! ' " Ah, my dear Countess," interjected the heroine of the evening, "you don't need to grudge me my poor little triumphs, for all the world has heard of yours, and if reports speaks truly, you cLut become the wife of a Prince of Royal blood, if you like." "Perhaps it is lucky for the Prince of Royal Blood that I have no inclinations in that direction," was the smiling rejoinder. "I suppose the gentle- man you mention labours under the impression that he would find in me a docile wife, who would be ecstatically grateful to him for his condescension in marrying her, and who would be only too pleased to put her fortune unreservedly into his hands in exchange for the barren honour of becoming the left-handed consort of a worn-out roue. No, no, the temptation is not strong enough for me."

"I commend your discretion, my dear Countess,* roved the Princess, with a sweet smile which 4tned to indicate the greatest admiration for her lovely Hungarian friend. "Your beauty and grace, especially when enhanced by those wonder- ful rubies of Fyours, are much more [potent while you are free to control your own actions, than they would be if you were subjected to all the ceremony and restrictions which would hem you in if you were to become the wife of a Prince, however exalted."

Mr. Price was not sure that be was enjoying himself, for a three-cornered conversation it; not always of the most entertaining kind, and he felt greatly relieved when three more visitors were announced in rapid succession, these being Prince Carlos of Mitylene, Lord Alfred Vavasour- Pomeroy, and Lady Flora Vavasour-Pomeroy, all of whom had come to ascertain the extent of Princess Delilah's injuries. -

A glance at the "radiant creature herself was almost sufficient answer to each solicitous inquiry, for nothing could be seriously amiss with a woman who looked so beautiful ana so happy as she did. A glance, also, told Lord Alfred that everything was favourable to the keen scrutiny to which he intended to subject Princess Delilah, for We more people there were in the room, the more unlikely was it that she would be able to bestow much attention upon him in return, and, although he d not taken his sister entirely into his confidence, -fa had enlisted her services so far as to induce her

egompany him to-night for the express purpose -2.tmg herself pleasant to anyone who might u-nerwise wish ito monopolise too much of the Princess's conversation.

Lady Flora's sisterly faith needed to be quite as strong as it was, to be proof against the, natural suspicion that her brother was wavering in his love to Miss Rizzen-Quick-e. But she knew that he was not given to deceiving her, and when he told her that it was to Polly's interest for him to spend a pleasant evening in the society of a much more beautiful woman she never doubted his assertion foe. a moment, far-fetched though it seemed. t- "tVhat is all right," she said to herself, as she toot ready stock of the visitors who were already there. "If Prince Carlos will only talk to me, and if the American gentleman will make himself happy with the Countess, that will leave Alfy free to take all the notes he requires, though what he intends to make of them I can't imagine. There now, here comes another visitor. I expect that will upset Ally's calculations a little." The other visitor proved to be the Duke of Hapsburg-Solltesein. But so far from being _ . .

annoyec as an a;

.ftt the II(

avasion, Lord .Alfred hailed it and silev.ed himself

cious of nsuirecl

the charms- of ti

Delilah. ill.

the Dime with a milcl toleration towards him whICII had not hitherto existed.

"So the young fool has turned moth, after all, ad is singeing his wings as recklessly as many another unsuspecting votary of love has done! fancied that he was bending at Miss Rizzen-Quicke's shrine, but if he once feels the spell of Princess Delilah's power, the Gold King's daughter wilt soon be out of the running, unless his lordship jo of a mercenery character, which I doubt." "If those two fellows have been to see the Itizzen-Quickes since dinner-time," thought Lord Alfred, "they have soon terminated their visit, and I hope they didn't succeed in doing any mischief while they were there." _

Prince -Carlos had good reasons for knowing that he had a rival for Polly's hand in Lord Alfred, and if he had obeyed his first impulse he would have scowled angrily at the said rival. But he was one of those lucky mortals who generally have their emotions under complete control, so far as the outward demonstration of them is concerned, and he was affability itself when, in due course, he exchanged greetings with the young English noble- man.

The latter had come here for the purpose of exercising his observant powers; but he knew very well that the people whom he had now encountered would subject him to strict scrutiny in return, and it required all the finesse of which he was capable to enable him to simulate unconsciousness of the fact.

Yet he was successful in doing so; and, by way of interlude between social amenities, he made good use of his opportunities to pursue the task he had set himself. He shewed himself so enthralled by the Princess Delilah's beauty that Mr. Price became positively jealous, for the latter could not know that in this case the Princess was the subject of a species of mental inventory, instead of the object of Lord Alfred's ardent admiration. Lord Alfred himself summed up the lady's various "points" as follows:

"Item, a tall, voluptuous figure, with features containing no physical, but many moral blemishes; item, brilliant colouring, such as pale Olden hair, lily white skin, delicately rosy cheeks and lips, and heavily fringed dark blue eyes; item, exquisite dress of pale sapphire - blue chiffon, trimmed with; innumerable pearls; and, most prominent item or all, the wonderful star-sapphire." "I suppose it is not possible," he thought, "that that can really be the same stone which Mrs. Rizzen- Quicke lost, for it seems preposterous to imagine that the Princess Delilah did not acquire it in the, manner she mentioned. Besides, she had stated weeks previously that she was anxious to become the possessor of the only other star-sapphire which was known to exist, and she was actually wearing this one before the burglary at Mr. Rizzen-Quicke'a. house took place. On the other hand, I have Mrs. Itizzen-Quicke's own statement to the effect that the uncertainty about the fate of its donor had invested it with such painful associations that she had not even looked at it for some time before it disappeared. If, therefore, I assume that the rest- less star was already out of Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's possession before the night of the burglary, it is also safe to assume that the burglary itself was merely a cunning ruse which was intended to: establish the opinion that Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's star-sapphire did not leave her house until after: the Princess Delilah had publicly shewn herself tij be the owner of one like it. However, I can soon' settle that question by interviewing Mr. Stree himself. I will go to him to-morrow morning, and find out if he really disposed of a star-sapphire- within the last month. By the bye, what is the! matter with the Princess Delilah's thumb ? " This last question was prompted by a striking peculiarity which had hitherto escaped Lord Alfred's notice. The beautiful Princess seemed., never for one moment to forget that it was her mission to charm the hearts of men; and she was: perpetually solicitous lest her tout ensemble should suffer in the smallest detail. Hence, she had, acquired the trick of allowing her right hand to wander over her dress, among her hair, and among: her jewels, to assure herself that not a bow, or a" jewel, or a curl had become disordered. It was while she thus manipulated the pale blue ostrich'. aigrette which crowned her wonderful hair that Ow said peculiarity attracted Lord Alfred's attentionp He noticed that she practically made no use what 4 ever of her thumb, and that, to all intents and purposes, it was an idle member. The study of mental science was a passion with him, and he had no difficulty in forming his own conclusions concerning the sinister meaning of an apparently unimportant habit, for he recalled the following opinion of a well-known brain specialist "There is one infallible test, either for the - approach or the presence of lunacy. If the person whose case is being examined is seen to make no - use of his right thumb; if he lets it stand at right angles from his hand, and employs it neither irt salutation, writing, or any other manual exercise, you may set it down as a fact that that person's. mental balance has gone. He may converse in-. telligibly ; may, in every respect and with the utmost care and cunning, be guarding the secret of a mind diseased; but the tell-tale thumb will infallibly betray the lurking madness which is cons eealed behind a plausible demeanour." "H'ml That settles it!" reflected Lord Alfred,' to whom the discovery had come with something like a shock. "My instinct did not lead me astray; and I was not mistaken when I concluded that the Princess Delilah was capable of resolving herself' into a dangerous person. Now I happen to know that Teddy Quicke saw a great deal of her; and it - would not surprise me to learn that he was here- the evening before his disappearance. The Princess was wrong the people who disclaimed having seen him for several days; but physiognomical observa.e tion tells me that lying is second nature with her, so I don't need to believe that statement. I feel less sure of her intimacy with Mr. Mills and Mr. Mosenthal ; but I do know that they were both acquainted with her, and that the latter at least was on visiting terms with her. lam also con- vinced that her relations with the Duke of Hapsburg: Solltesein and his friend, the Prince of Mitylene, are more cordial than would appear on the surface;: and I will conduct my preliminary investigations on the hypothesis that I have to deal with a trio of schemers who are responsible for the abduction of several persons, whom they knew to be in the. possession of money." Having thus worked out the whole thesis of the case to his own satisfaction, and having, he believed, done much towards making the Princess Delilah. imagine that he was becoming infatuated by her beauty, Lord Alfred hinted to his sister that it would soon be time to take their departure, and was on the point of rising from his seat, when he made a curious discovery. His right hand had been carelessly playing with the cushions of the luxurious chair in which he had been sitting, when it came into contact with something which wa.s. hardly to be included in the everyday economy of rt drawing-room lounge, and his fingers instinctively closed over it. He wanted to examine it before he allowed anyone else to see it; for he was on the look-out for traces of the recent presence of either Teddy Quicke or of Mr. tiosenthal ; and the nature of the object which was now in his grasp was such that one surreptitious glance at it convinced him that he had made a valuable find, which by no - stretch of imagination could be assumed to be the- legitimate property of the owner of the room. Before Lord Alfred rose from his seat, he had slipped the newly discovered article into his pocket without being observed by anyone else, and he was so cautious that he waited until he had seen his sister safe home, and until he was secure from observation in his own room before he removed it from its hiding-place again. Then he was able to - scrutinise his find more closely, and the scrutiny confirmed the hasty opinion he had already formed. "Well, I must say that if the Princess Delilah is not one of the confederates of our hypnotising friend, circumstantial evidence is playing her some strange tricks; for if Mr. Mosenthal has not been in her rooms so recently that even the cushions of the chair on which he must have sat have not been disturbed, how des it happen that his seal and part of his watch chain were there? I am sure this is the seal I saw him wearing at the ball, for. I noticed it particularly, as I considered it much too showy and bulky for a gentleman to wear nowa- days. But it will not be so easy, without accepting the theory of violence, to explain how the watch- chain to which the seal is attached, had been subjected to such a strain as to break it in two."

CT ) he ra7tinltor7..l

ARViLLGLS P'ILII-tItJ MUSiCAL PLAY BY THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes but much perior tone. HUNDREDS ol TUNES can be played Ina can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Plices from 125.6 d. to ;225.

lAJICTIFR & SONS,

43 T 3 4 ,

DhD-lEP

ed, fo Ci 3 Ui :s--dvt.

rub :tt I. BOXES _,„, of of

===== 0002601_18990224_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
_ SHITIC White to move and win.

The above problem is No. 652 in this month's " Draughts World.' SOLVERS LIST.

Previous Problem Total • score. No. 20. Pts. E Donaghy, Pad gate .. ........ 3l 2 33 8 Albinson, &nekton Heath 28 2 30 "E J. P," Warrington 27 2 29 J Green, Warrington ...26 2 28 "C P," Warrington 4)5 2 2F., F Wright. Warrington 22 2 24 A Albineon, Lower Walton 18 18 W Taylor, Warrington 17 ' 17 A Hall, Warrington l2 2 14 T Barnes Sankey Bridges.— l2 2 14 b Plinston,Warrington .12 12 4 W Plinston, Warrington 12 12 • Tavlin, Warrington .4 Lee, Warrington 6 2 8 "J R," Padgate . 2 2 4 W Hewitt.Warrington T Forbes, Warrington It Mercer, Padgate 4 Ross, Penketh 2 2 J R Grieve, • Warrington

TRAPS FOlt TII UNWARY. No. 22.

The trap which we give this week is about as well-known as the 'Angle Corner Goose Walk." 'There is a prna'ent idea among beginners that the beat way to play draughts is to play your men to- 'wards the centre of the board and to back them :well up. This principle no doubt may work alright 311 the majority of games,but in this one it certainly doesn't, as will plainly be seen from a look at the diagram below'. It is brought up from the Old Four- teenth game, and' occurred at No 1 board in the match Cairc-street v. Penketh between W. Tomkin- eon and W. Whitehead on the 911 inst.

Blpck Whitehead. white, Tornkinson. 11-15 8 —ll 4 8 9-14 (a)5-9 23 -19 - 22-17 17-13 26-23 (a) Losing move. 15-1 n is the correct play. [nr.kcic.]

===== 0002601_18990224_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
White to move and win. (a)26-22 22 —l7 19-15 31-15 17-1 1— 5 15-18 10-26 11-18 W wins (a) Throwing the piece 16-12 is the best play at this stage al though even that is a forlorn hope.

NEWS OF THE GAME LIE ENGLISH CHAMPION AND BLINDFOLD CHAMPION OF THE WORLD, IN WARRINGTON.— Local players were given an especial treat in simultaneous blindfold play on Friday last, in Cairo-street School-room, when Mr. W. Gardner, of Leeds, "The English Cham- pion," engaged 12 of the strongest players of our town, simultaneously and blindfolded. It is very Pleasing to note the immense interest which is being taken in the game in local circles. One is almost led to think, judging from the number which assembled in Cairo-street School-room,to wit • meta Mr. Gardner's exhibition, that one-half the population of Warrington are draughts- players. However, be this as it may, it was no doubt very gratifying and pleasing to Mr. 40-ardner, to find himself and his play- ing, welcomed and appreciated by the people ,of Warrington. Prior to the commencement of the saxbibition.the "Chalmers Cup" (Warrington League Trophy) was on view, and as Mr. Chalmers, the generous donor of the trophy, was present, Mr. F. Dunne evidently thought it a fitting opportunity for the Draughts League to express in some measure its thanks to Mr. Chalmers for providing them with such a magpificient and valuable trophy. Accord- ingly he proposed that the best thanks of those 'Present be given to Mr. Chalmers. Mr. F. G. Taylor seconded the motion, which took the form of a hearty round of applause. Mr. Chalmers having suit- ably responded, the exhibition began. Mr. Gardner Played the black pieces at the first six boards, and White at the rest. By this, any player who had a 'Partiality for any particular colour could have his .choice. During the progress of the games, Mr. Gardner, frequently elicited applause by naming the squaves upon which the men, in several ot the games, were situated. After about two hours' play, Mr. Gardner had succeeded in winning nine out of the twelve games played, the remaining three being drawn. Score

lloard Player Result No' 1 W Whitehead Mr Gardner won No 2 W Tomkinson Mr Gardner won Ito 3 14 W Clarke Mr Gardner won Ito 4 G Clarke Mr Gardner won No 5 W Cummings Mr Gardner won no 6 It Kerr Mr Gardner won No 7 F Warburton Drawn No 8 J Roberts Drawn No 9 S Tavlln Mr Gardner won .No 10 E Donaghy Draa n No 11 j Green Mr Gardner won No 12 $ Albinson Mr Gardner won Mr. F Dunne acted as caller At the conclusion of the exhibition, Mr. F. Dunne Proposed, and Mr. G. Clarke seconded, that a hearty vote of thanks be extended to Mr. Gardner for his kindness in coming in our midst. Mr. Gardner, in resp di DII--nR, remarked that he was always willing to do whatever he could to further the interest taken in tbe game, and he hoped the day would not be far distant when he would be with them again.

--- Ie4UNESEIVIA The small diagram will enable our readers to -.1-; 47,61r,i4',Wv, understand the notation by u,/,' which the mows of the Alli "fAr' Mel wary A game are recorded Black IliroC•'afigillY -,,,' ags occupies the squares num- . ' ' A x'' t 12 an ,„ vwrovArryos 1g Pe bered 1 0 d white 1 ' "iiii/AiiioA "6' those numsnred 21 to. 3,!. "" ie5z,,,,,,,A W, ~,, pck pin Iliti figures thus (11 45) ".. iallye--, - ~„. indicate that a move is rm 1111,,lini ri'j ade from and to the e7ff/i squares so numbered.B lacic lm- BF i m, r cvt has the opening move and z " the pairs of figures a pply ;at * alternately to Black and itlCAErilirS -"" '‘,..0 White to the close,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE PEACE CRUSADE.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A GLEAM OF HUMOUR.

-

BY W. T. STEAD. ,

There is no stay in the progress of the Cruse& of Peace. The opening of Parliament and similar matters may have temporarily displaced it from the position it held in the columns of the news- papers, but the movement marches along irre- sistibly. Every week there is issued to the members of the General Committee a list of the meetings held and to be held. From one page of printed foolscap that catalogue has grown to nearly three pages. Yet it does not take cognisance of half the gatherings. With scarcely an exception the meetings noted are town's meetings. The smaller gatherings which are not called by some local authority are left almost unrecorded. The more one sees of the great provincial centres the more one becomes convinced that the feeling in favour of peace is such as would never be con- jectured by those who seldom leave the capital. London is doing well, better than it has done for any like idea for many years, but its efforts seem Cold and formal beside the burning enthusiasm of many of the great centres of population which I have been visiting. Lancashire has given its enthusiastic co-operation to the Crusade. Man- chester, Lancaster, and Batley have all spoken with strong voices. The meeting at Batley, although held in a chapel and on a Sunday, was a town's' meeting, and one of the most thorough-going in its adherence to the Czar's proposals that we have had. So intensely serious is the general note of the Crusade that anything which lightens the general earnestness of purpose is welcome. In the early days of the movement the Bishop of London and myself were bombarded with texts from Scripture. That form of amusement appears to have palled on the too-diligent students of their Bibles. But the same spirit was shewn at Grange-over-Sands on Thursday. The splendid meeting there listened with amazement and amusement to the letter of a clergyman, who said he could not attend the meeting because, according to an Isaiahan text, only when Jehovah judges in the midst of the nations can there be universal peace. Another man was unable to support the movement because the Scripcures speak of wars and rumours of wars, and if the Crusade was successful the Scriptures will be convicted of a mistake.

I am writing before the holding of the confer- ence of London Labour leaders in St. Martin's Town Hall, and it is only possible to say, of it that the omens point unmistakably to a remarkable gathering of much of what is best in the working- class movement in the South. An admirable group of speakers has been got together, and among the others who will be present are Mr. Thomas Burt, Mr. Charles Fenwick, and Mr. Fred 31Taddison, three of the men who so worthily represent their fellows at Westminster. Nothing has been more gratifying than the honest, whole-hearted support accorded to the peace movement by the workers and those who speak for them. Even those who directly might seem to have much to lose from any scheme of disarmament have taken a broad view of the question. Only the other .day a Crusader jokingly asked a number of shipwrights on the Tyne how it was that he found them supporting peace. The answer came from a thoughtful man that Pr there were fewer warships to build there would be more merchant vessels. The shipwrights, he said, would not suffer. When the national convention assembles in London it will be in some respects the most notable gathering of public men which has been seen in the metropolis for a generation. . The great town's meetings are choosing their representatives at the convention with a duo regard to the great- ness of the movement they are sent to support. Here are a few of the delegates, picked at random from many scores. From Westminster will come Cardinal Vaughan, Sir Joseph Pease, and Mr. Burdett-Coutts, M.P., the representative of the division in the House of Commons. Mr. Alfred Thomas leads the Welsh party in Parliament. He is elected to the conference by Cardiff, which also sends Mr. Maclean, who is at present in India. Sir W. Hornby comes from Blackburn, Mr. W. H. Myers, M.P., from Winchester, Sir Thomas Lea, M.P.,_ from Kidderminster, and Mr. John Burns and the Rev. Guinness Rogers from Battersea. In the Same hall will be the Mayors of most of the great provincial boroughs. intim or me success of the Crusade, and more and raore as time goes on, must depend upon the exertions of the volunteers who are enrolled. Public meetings are not enough. They serve merely to shew that lie national feeling on the subject of the Czar's Rescript is real and intense. When meetings have been hold, however, in any particular town, it falls to the volunteers to see there is no back- sliding, that the aroused conscience of the place is kept on the move, and that lukewarmness is not allowed to deprive the sowing of the seed of its due fruition. There is abundant evidence that we have men who are giving themselves heart and soul to the movement. From Jersey, for example, one volunteer writes that he will undertake the organi- sation of the whole island. He has been supplied with great bundles of literature, and has disposed of a large stock of badges. Although unable myself to attend any of the meetings held in London during the week, the reports I have received shew that even in the Metropolis there is no slackening of the work of the Peace Crusade. The gathering of Shoreditch is described by the London papers, which have on the whole taken no rosy visw of the prospects of the Crusade, as "a great demonstration. When I say that the local vicar was supported by Mr. Lowles, the Conservative member for the division, the local County Councillors and members of the School Board, three or four ministers of religion (including the son of Dean Farrar), Mr. James Stuart, M.P., and Mr. W. B. Cremer, it is enough to shew that even in the course of this Crusade no such assemblage of speakers, with diverse views on ordinary questions, has come together on a single platform in the capital. Another of the great working-class constituencies In London which has held a most succissful meeting is St. Pancras. The Chairman of the 4 Vestry presided, and among the spealters were Mr. Walter Hazell, M.P., and Dr. Collins, of the London County Council. As to the future in the Metropolis, everything is now practically arranged. Tho organisers report that the whole ground has been covered, that they know of no great division in which a meeting has not been held or is not to be held. In Woolwich we are promised a lively time. The meeting there will be held towards the close of the Crusade. There is expected to be much opposition from the operatives in the great arsenal, and a speaker good at answering questions is demanded. The Vicar of Woolwich, however, is throwing himself into the task of organising a meeting, and no more fears the opposition than do we at the head ofke.

On the Continent the peace movement progresses apace. Italy has responded sympathetically to the Czar's Rescript, and will take part in the Con- ference. In Germany Henri Dunant has issued a proclamation to the peace-loving peoples. His long connection Nvith the cause of international peace enables him to speak with peculiar authority. To him we owe tho International :Red Cross Sooiety, whose beneficent work has done r4O much to mitizate the horrors of warfare. Henri Dunant was also the originator of the Geneva Convention. Like many other reformers, he hopes filet if the International Conference does not result in the adoption of a plan for the arrest of armaments it will found an International Board of Mediation. Once some such organisation is in existence, he believes that nothing can stop the development of its great work. Mr. Samuel :Rawson Gardiner, the historian; does not believe ia the Crusade. He looks to other means to bring about more friendly relations between the nations. "If we ask," he says in a letter to Mr. Bunting, "how it is that people in Yorkshire don't want to fight people in Northamptonshire, as they did in the seventh century, the answer is that they have been united by pursuing common objqcts and standing side by side against common dangers. The European Powers, I believe, can only reach peace in similar way." Surely such an organisation is this Crusade is doing something to promote that fraternity between nations which Mr. Gardines iesires.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS "NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledged to be the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare certain to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. 1.0., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by- post from P. BLANCHARD, Forest Rd., Dalston, Loudon.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1.899

THE PEACE CRUSADE. ENTHUSIASTIC TATEETING IN PARR HALL, WAhEtINGTOX.

Parr Hall was crowded on Monday evening, when a town's meeting in support of the Cz tr's peace proposals was held. The ?dayor (Alderman Wright) presided, and he was supported on the olatform by the Rev. Canon Willis (Rector), Revs. John Yon7e, F. E. Powell, W. H. Drummond,Jl F. Matthews, J. S.Hughes, E.C. E Carle- ton, U. Dican M. Ryan, H. B. Folding, J. P. Whittle, Charles F;ncla, Angus Macdonald, Edward T. Reed, William Potts, George Harbottle, James Warnock, James T. Schofield, R Wild, T. W. Birber, A. M. Mitchell, Messrs. John Crosfield, J. C. Parr, Robert Garnett, F. Monks, William Long, Aldermen Blackhurst an I Roberts, Coonc.llors John Roberts, F. R. Roberts, Bur- ton, James Smethurst, Shaw Green, Peacock, Bennett, and Picrpoint, Drs. Fox, J. H. Go:nail, and J. Guest Gornall,and Messrs. John Gandy, T. Birtles. A. J Jolley, William Hickman, L. Greening, Thomas Birchall. R. T. Faircloue,cen, William Roberts, P. Whiskill, E. V. Walkcr, -Vere B. atvies, S. B. Stringer, A. Corner, T. Wallington, George Wallington, E 'ward Wallington, Henry Thornton. GeorgeThornpson, Bicktord, W. d. J. Jenkins, Josiah LmAland, John Clayton, William Isaac, and G. Clay.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR OPENS THE MEETING.

The MAYOR, who was cordially received. announced that be had received le:ters of apology for non-attend- anse from the Rev.J J. Langham, the vicar of Padgate (who expressed deep regret that he was not able to be present, as the matter had his warmest sympathy), the Rev. G. Allton, and Mr. Charles Jackson Holmes. He (the Mayor) regretted that someone abler than he was not occupying the chair, but he took a back seat to no man in his desire for the success of this great move- ment. It had his warmest sympathy. He thanked them most heartily for the excellent response they had made to the invitation. He had not had time to think much about the matter. but he could not imagine any man or woman calling themselves Christians being other- wise than in strong sympathy with this movement. (Hear, hear.) Its object was beyond the reach of politics and sectarianism. (Applause.) They should move in this matter with a strong determination to succeed, and he was sure that if they did not get all they asked for good must arise from it. Be hoped all the speakers would be given a patient hearing, and if that was done they would go home with something to think atm% (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRST lIESOLI7TION.

The Rev. Canon Metes in moving the resolution which had been placed in his hands said he should like to say a few words of congratulation to them upon the large audience he saw assembled before him. Elo was present at very large meeting a few days ago upon the subject of temperance,ane he saw a still larger audience if possible, now gathered together. He thought they could not be too thankful to See such a large number of men and women assembled to cons der such subjects as temperance and pew), and though he could not phdg himself to everything that was said the other evening, nor perhaps could he pledge himself to ever thing that might be said on this occasion, because men viewed things very differently, still they had much in common, and he felt they had great reason to be deeply thankful when such large eemeers of Ten and women eathere I together to consider such subjects as temperance and peace. For a moment or two he would deal with the horrers of war and the blessings of peace. There was the burden of taxation in the preparation for war and the burden of taxation for the country which was defeated to pay the compensation, and then there was the great sacrifice of life and valuble property. Then again there were the terrible sufferings of the wounded, and the grief and the distress of the relations and friends of those who were killed. Those were the horrors of war. When they thought, on the other hand, of peace they could not have a better illustratton of its blesiings than by thinking of this country during the last fifty years. (Applause.) He thought they of all nations had reason to thank God for the blessings of One. What could such a conference as that which had been proposed do for them ? It could do much. First of all, the very fact rf an assembly of representatives of the different nations would bring about a better understanding be- tween those representatives and their nations. They themselves, to take a little illustration, were all the bet- ter for meeting together on that platform. They did not all think alike on many points. It, however, diel every man good to look his opponent in the face, and they were none the worse friends afterwards for having un- derstood one another. There was very much to be care- fully considered. First of all,what could be done before war, and he thought everyone would be in favour of arbitration. (Hear, hear.) Then there was the humani- tarian conduct of war, the better protection of civil life and property, and after war, merciful terms for the de- feated. It had been a strong sense of duty which had urged him to come forward and speak on that oc- casion as a minister of the gospel of peace. He would willingly have refrained from speaking, but h. felt it his duty to do so. (Applause.) He moved, "That this meeting of the inhabitants of Warrington, desires to ex- prPss its approval of the proposal of the Czar of Russia, that a conference should assemble with the objcct of seeking by international discwsion the most effectual means of ensuring to all people the benefits of peace,and tenders its thanks to Lord Salisbury for his reply to the Emperor's rescrint wherein he expresses pleasure in delegating r presenaatives to take part in the conference whenever the invitation is received." (Applause.) Mr. Joule CROSFIELD remarked that in the first place he must congratulate the Mayor on the response which had been made to his appeal. (Applause.) The gather- ing was a credit to the old tewn of Warrington, and it spoke well for the hearts of the peophs. He was de- lighted also that on that platform they coined meet to- gether sinking all differences of po'itics and religion— (hear, hear)—with one common object—Peace. He ceuld not understand any man or woman hesitating to join in a movement like that, which was sanctioned by the New Testament. The finest sermon ever preached was "The Sermon on the Mount." (Applause.) And the Great Teacher of Christianity told them, " Blessed are the Peace makers, for they shall be called the children of God." (Hear. hear.) He would refer to the commer- cial and material aspect of the question. The late Lord Derby who was Prime Minister, and grandfather of the present Lord Derby, said that anyone holding his office who could not govern England with an expenditure of £50.000,000 a year was not worthy to hold office. (Hear. hear.) Well, our expenditure this year was £110.000,000. The expenditure on our army and navy had increasd by leans and bounds, until it would very soon reach the 50,000.000. That was a very serious thing. (A Voice: "What about the population ?") (The Mayor : " No interruption.") It was necessary they should defend their own shores, and it was per- fectly necessary that they should have a fleet to do so, but what he was hoping for as the result of the confer- ence was, that Powers of Europe might agree that for (say) five or ten years they would stop the increase of armies and of navies. (Hear, hear.) If that could be done it would be the most glorious event of the long end glorious reign of Queen Victoria. (Hear, hear, and applause.) If that could be done their income tar,which was 81. in the L. might easily be reduced to 44. That of itself would bring .comfort to many a noor family who had difficulties in making both end i meet. It affected them in. England but slightly to what it affected other countries in Europe. Thank God we were happy sn and contented and prosperous people. But if they looked tlihkeeylwtaolyuld xteheycuse foid, he mild not help him saying so, he was plain language—that foolish king the Bing caatlalincgouhnimtr_y aopftltt speakalyha d an ambition that Italy should be one of the great Powers of Europe. Italy never could be, and the way he thought he would do it was by building those ironclads which cost from eight hundred thousand pounds to a million of money each. The consequence was that everything in Italy as taxed to the utmost. Everything that was imported into the country was taxed heavily; in fact, there were many articles that were taxed in Italy more than the value of the article itself. Friends of hiii'(the speaker's) who lived in Florence had told him that property owners were taxed to an extent that they had left the country. Take a contrast to that.' Stvitzerland had no fleet. It hardly had an army, and the taxes were very light. When ho lived in Lausanne (for about three months) he found he could buy plenty of things cheaper than he could in England, simply because taxation was sought. As to the evils of war, it was unnecessary to mention them. They were too terrible. Some of those present might be able to remember the Crimean war in 1854, and hi that war they lost 40,000 of the finest troops in England. They spent 100 millions of money, and they did not get one shilling's worth of benefit freth it. In three years' time Sebastopol, which it was our object to destroy, was re- built stronger and bettor than ever. What was the state of Eng'and then ? The angel of death passed through the land, visited every cottage and every place,and England,was a nation of mourning. It was a creel and unjustifiable war. They should hope they would never have a repitition of such an awful war as that. (Applause.) Their object was, in these meet- ings which were being held all over England, to strengthen the hands of Lord Salisbury, that he might send to that conference, someone backed by the whole feeling of the English people—(hear, hear)—ln favour of peace. (Applause.) He had great pleasure in second- ing the resolution. Mr. W. T. STEAD, who had a most cordial reception, said he was glad that the rule which had been enforced by the Mayor of Southport was not held to be the law in the borough of Wsrringtou. There was a town's meeting to be held at Southport on Sett.rdey at which

he was announced to speak, but at the last moment the Mayor decide I tat at a Sintloport town's meeting no one but Soathport townsmen should be allowed to be heard. (L 'tighter.) Altlaough he possessed many de- lets and some comities, whether it be countsl a defeat Or a quality, be (\tlr. Steal) could not be counted to be a townman of Southport. (Laughter.) He wai there- fore obliged to go back;to London, and his journey to that meeting at Warrington had been a little lenger than it otherwise would have been; He was glad to meet such a large gathering. He liked the look of the meet- ing ; it was a very different one to 6iomq he had at- tended. He thought they would have a good time, and In order that they might understand exactly where they stood he should like to say that if after he had fin- ished there %as anyone of the audience who would like to ask any questions, providing they did not want to in ske too 1 nog a speech, he would be vary glad to answer them to the best of his ability. (Applause.) Tney had met that evening upon a matter of such importance that his am iziment was that so many influential people, both in Parliament and out of it, conductors of newspapers and others, should consider the movement was harcty worth a moment's attention compared with any fiddle-fadlle that pleased the crowd to-day or excited a passion to- morrow.

HAD THEY CONSIDERED WHAT THEY WERE DEALING WITH? They wers not dealing with the abstract question of peace. It had been dealt with by Christian people for 1,900 years ; nor were tiny present to preach sermons from texts on " The sermon on the Mount." They were face to face with a practical opportunity vt bids they thought might be utilized for practical purposes by practical men, and that if it was not utilized it might pass never to return. In England, fortunately, they wore enjoying a period of great peace and prosperity, and he thought he might fairly say they were standing at the very z-nith of their Imperial greatness. They might go further still, but, looking back across the ages there was no time since England was that she stood so well before the world, was so prasperous at home,so con- tented in her dependevcies and so respected ab•oad. (App awe.) Was it not the case that those to whom much was given from them much was expected ? If they in that hall had ever known what it was to suffer the misery and destitution which their grandfathers knew in the days of the Napoleonic wars, if they had sucneded in preserving this lit:le islard free from the scourge of the blood tax, and had retained unimpairel, yea, had strengthened their sovereignty of tne seas, did they think they had no res- ponsibility to the other natiens, to the natio ls that were ground down under conscription and who, as Mr. Crosfield hal raid, were so crushed by taxation that they hardly knew where to find their daily bread? It WAS fer them not merely to 'respond to the Czar's rescript in a hearty manner, but to realise

THEIR RESPONSIBILITY IN THE FAMILY OF NATIONS. (Applause.) There was nothing more painful to him when discussing the qtrestien than to hear people say that it was a matter that dil not concern them at all. There were slme well-educate I people who made such statements thal one felt the only way to answer them was to take them by the throat and dab their head against a wall, because they were so incapable of assimilating an idea except by forcible pressure from the outside. (Hear, hear, and ',tighter). Why was the Conference held? One amongst many great powers had called attention to the fact that if they continued to go on in the matter of armaments they were going to smash. That was what the rescept amounted to. If they were going on piling up arms ment sat the rate they were tieing, taking all the re- sou-ces eareel by industry and commerce in order to buy weapons of precision, which became obsolete almost as soon as they were invented, they were going to spend all their resources on war.

WHAT WOULD HAPPEN ? The Czar said there would be a great outburst; there would be a great bankruptcy, probably followA by a waiting country which in turn would leave nothing b-- hind it but a great s )urce of revolutionary anarchy throughout the world. Was it true that, with all their prosperity, peace, and education, they were going on the d ewn grade towarda the abr,s ? With regard to what the Russian Emperor had sal 1, they might say "He is only a young man and does not know everything ;" but he had sent a letter to every Glvernment in the world, and to our own Government. Had any single Govern- ment in the world said he had exaggerated the situation? Not one. There WAS no statesman in all Europe who had had the same wide and extended range of reaponsibilit7; there Was no etatlsman in al Europe who oclupied the same position before Europe as Lord Salisbury did, and he told them he nentemplated if nothing was done a catastrophe in whic's Christian civilization itself will dis- appear, What were the steps *hat would lead to such an abyss? Not merely the increase of armaments—for as lnng as nations could support the burden of arma- ments they were a security for peace rather than an incentive to war ; for the reason that if at the present moment instead of having a million men to put in arms when they declared war, France or Germany had only 100,000, they wound only think one-tenth of the time they now did, ire tuse they knew they could not motel- lire their forces without dislocating the whole fabric of civilized society.

THE VERY IMMENSITY OF THE ARMIES tended to maka every ruler in Europe think twice or even thrice before he launched into war. Therefore, a great army, which could only be used at the risk of blnkrupting a nation, was a great preservative against a reckless war. (Hear, hear.) But inevitably year by year, when the burden of the army grew greater and greater, the nation supporting it went with staggering steps near and nearer to the abyss; and they Came to the edge of bankruptcy, and said," We cannot keep it up much longer, and another year we shall have to stop payment. Let us use our weapons in one mad plunge to see whether or not we can get anything out of it ?" That was the danger which weighed with the Czar of Russia,Lord Salisbury, and the Kais-r. Further, it might astonish some of them when he told them that, havi g

JUST RETURNED FROM A TOUR ROUND EUROPE in which he had visited nearly every capital and seen many of the ablest men who directed the destinies of empires, that in the opinion of many of the shrewdest observers, and those most friendly to England, the one Power which was at the present moment a greater danger to rearm than any other was our own cousatry.lt was said that England was the only Power in Europe of all the great Powers which could go to war without causing the slightest change in the machinery of its own adminis- tration and social order. If they went to war the battles would not be fought on their own territory. but on someene else's; and that made a great difference to people when they thought about war. It would always be fought on someone else's territory. (Applause.) Fur- ther than that, the people wleo had to pay the income tax were not the mass of the people who had the votes. There was not a man in all the shouting crowd who would shoulder a musket and go to the battle field. The watchword of the Jingo was We don't want to fight, But by Jingo if we, do, —well, we'll Kind Tommy Atkins, and he will do it for us. (Loud laughter and applause.) Ler I Salisbury was as devoted to peace as any man in the world, and while the sober thought of the responsible people of England was for peace, there was an element in this cluntry which was not for pea‘oe, which considered this land so secure that it could darn to tread on the tail of the coat and defy everybody and bully all round. There was a further elernfnt of danger. There were people always proud of the consciousness of power, and it was those men who said, "Why should we care if we offend? Why should we not reply to the pinprick by a lunge at his heart, to lay him in the dust for ever ?" When he was discussing this question in Russia with the Russian ministers and diplomatists be heard an echo from this country which did not make him feel that England was aesistine in the keeping of peace. Mr. Stead referred to the attitude of this country towards France with regard to the Faelsoda affair. He did not mean to say one word against the motives of these who spoke about war with France, but if they had put their theories into practice Europe would now have been suffering the horrors of war. They were all one part of the family of nations, and they could not fight without others joining in the - dispute. A war with France would have brought on that v Iry cataclysm in Enropo that the Czar deprecated. He (Mr. Stead)had never stood or. any platform as an opponent of wsr as in itself wrong. Everything depended upon circum- stances. War might be the most sacred of all duties. If it were not the mest sacred of all duties it was the most terrible of all crimes. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
014.464 Visiaxtt • 4,1,1 ^, c. ' ‘4,16:14, 111

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

* ek* t 81 4

-CRE-AKFAST AND SUPPER.

- WHAT TREY WERE TRYING TO DO

by this movement wa-s-to-c-r;a-ie-in.-Weri-c-en-tra of popu- lation a company of peace makers and peace keepers— peace makers and pone keepers, but without any kind of feeling that they would never go to war, who would always say that ''War is so supreme and such a terrible thing. that we will never lift up our voice for it, or allow the voices of other people to be lifted up without: premptt protest, until everything has been done to make ie quite sure that there is no other way ont of the difficulty." That was all they were asking. (Applause.) It was because be thought the conference gave them this that he was so earnest about it. He thought it would save us a great deal of money that could be applied to much better purpose, if they could be spared an increase of arma- ments. But after what Lord Salisbury had said he did not know whether anything could be done in that direc- tion. If Lord Salisbury was not prepared to. do anything they would get nothing in that direction. The Russian Emperor would probably propose that they were in the position they ere nowlin. A better pro- posal for England could not be made. It would mean that England would remain in unquestioned poasession of her naval supremacy, which was greater than she had

ever had since the days of Trafalgar. But would France and Germany ever accept that ? It Was not their business t) discuss what t'aey would accept, but if the Emperor of Russia proposed such a step let them a:c?pt it with b tli hands. But suppose that failed, and they still went on with the old game of " b3ggar my neigh- bour," the game would not be played so fast if they could get people to recognize one great fundamental principle of poly, that if th 3v were to have any settled tranquillity they had got to learn and take to heart the fact chat THEY RAD TO BE FRTESTD9 WITH RUSSIA '

or they would have no peace in the world. - Russia had a population of no fnwe” than 129,000,000,and it was in- creasing at a rate of 2,000.000 a year. That WAS a great solid chunk of white-skinned humanity—a larger chunk than in any part of the world no lee one Government. This large population was in the right of possession and sovereignty of the Northern part of Asia and England had all the best portions of Southern Asia. They could not kill the Russians out of Northern Asia, and the Russians could not drive us out of Southern Asia. Asia was the house in which Russia and England had to live together like man and wife. For better or for worse for good or for ill as long ac these nations lasted Asia would be the common dwelling-place of Russia and England. That being so was it not common sense to say that as you could not kill your Russian wife and as you could not divorce her, you had better try to get on with her. (Rear. hear.) The Russiaas were human • beings, very much like themselves, nut they were not so well off as we were. Providence bad been much more merciful to us than it had been to the R 11443119. They dwelt on a great continent, the northern part of which was sealed by almost perpetaal frost, and along the southern part there were only a few outlets into the civilisal world. Of the 129,000,000 to whom he had referred, 100,000,000 were living in poverty greater than those in that hall could conceive of. They were hard pressed, and it was a struggle for existence against worse conditions than were to be found in England that day. Neithsr in education nor in the resources of civil- isation were the Russians to be compared to the poorest in Eogland, and he wished, therefore, to ask them whether as Christiae men who had received so much or as human beings they should cherish an eternal blood- feud with these people because 50 years ago they (the English) invaded their country and spilled the lives of 100,000 of her sons. (Applause.) Perhaps they would ask

===== 0002601_18990224_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE THE RUSSIANS WILLING TO BE FRIENDS

with us ? Upon that p3int he c3uld speak at first hand. The present E nperor of Russia was not the only emperor he had known personally. lie had hal an opportunity, which few reople had had—even 111S3iam—of talking quite frankly with tw3 emperors concerning the whole range of their policy ire relation to this country and other countries. He (Mr. Seal) had always been a Fri mi of Russia. Be had done his utmost to convince Eoglishmen it was their duty and interest to be friends with Russia. Hence he had had opportunities of talking to two Russian Czars and to Russian ministers quite in- timately as a friend who was fighting their battle in the mi let of hostile circumstances. Whel he told thorn what he knew they might at least admit that he was either spoaking with authority or else he was one of the worst liars they had ever set their eyes tenon. Tan years ago, Mr. Stead continued, I had the opportunity of

MEETING TEM IdiTE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA and I expressed a fear that war would break oat. He rPplied. " Den% be afraid ; tivra will be no war." "But," I said, " the French, if you will only hold up your little finer, would be across the frontier to- m ,rrow." "I won't hold up my lite finger. There won't be any war." He spoke so earnestly and strongly about his detestation of war that I cams away believ ng what he said. 0 1 returning home I saw a great English statesman, who sceptically asked." "D y)u think this man is going to keep the peace of Europe ?" " Yes Ido said I." " I don't agree with you," he rejoined. I answered;" I'm sorry you don't, because it's true." "I don't believe you," the statesman answere 1. Just after the Emneror died that same statesman, who was then in high office under the Queen, sent for me, and said," Do you remember, after you came back from Russia, telling me thst the Czar was the peace-keeper of Europe, and that thlre woall be no war during his life ?" Do you remember I laughed you to scorn ?" I told him I did' and then he said, "I have sent for you t 3 tell von that you •we absolutely right and I was absolutely .wrong." (applause.) Continuing, Mr. Stead said he did not think there had been a greater blow struck at peace and security than when the late Emperor of Russia, was s'ruck down by death. He (Mr. Stead) had at least a prima facie case to be heard when speaking of

THE PRESENT EMPEROR. Nicho'as H. was a very different man from his father in appearance, in habit of though, in almost everything— in fact they could hardly imagine two greater contrasts than between the man who stood over six feet high and his son, who was rather shorter than he (the speaker) was. But great as was the diff TRace in physique,there was a greater difference still with regard to the mind. rise father was very much like the Duke of Dovonshire, not a glib man. He was a man who would always hit the nail on the head, bat who would not be very quick and at Once appreciate a point. His son was quite the reverse, he was nimble bo:h in body and wind. But they were both alike in one respect, and that was in their devotion to poace. (Applause.) From his earliest childhood he heard at his mother's knees and from his father's lips stories of the horrors of war. He was also very closely associated with England ; there were few men on the continent who had been so closely associated with us. He always talked English with his family, he read English books and magazines, and his wife was the grand-laughter of the Queen, the daughter of the Princess Alice. It was therefore, only natural, as the Czar expressed himself to him, that he should not merely be desirous of good rela- tions with England but for private reasons wish to be good friends with us. Nis own phrase was that England and Russia should be such friends that if any disaster or trouble happened to either, the first thought wouli be " flow can I hello ?" not" How can I hinder or profit by the trauble of the other ?" (applause). The Emperor now came forward and one of the first acts of his reign was to issue

===== 0002601_18990224_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RESCRIPT.

The immediate effect of that rescript was to propase so far as navies were concnned that Eneand b•ing at the top should remain at the top. (Applause.) Then again one of the pr eposals in the second circul tr wi t one which was entirely in the interests of England. Their navy was at the present time supreme. But there was one possibility, and that was that these great fleeting fortreses might be vulnerable, and that was in being attacked from below. They bad seen it quick enough in France and were building sub-marine beats. One a.f the preposele of the Czar was that the use of the sub-marine boat should be interdicted in war- fare. He (Mr. St,al) did not think they would get the prohibition of the sub-marine boat or any arrest of armaments, but he theught they would be able at the Conference it was proposed to hold to agree to this— that before there was an appeal to the sword, or a de- claration of war was ma.de,the nations should undertake to submit their case to the mediation of some board of peacemakers to be established in the centre of Europe. (Applause.) Arbitration, he pointed eut,was not a sub- stitute for war, nor did he say that they must always arbitrate instead of fighting ; but what he did say was, always arbitrate before you fight." If, for instance. France should claim Ireland, by all means let the dis- pute go to arbitration, b?cause they knew very well that unless the arbitrator was a knave or a criminal, he would rule that France had no case and that Ireland was not to go to her. But, suppose the arbitrator was a knave, and gave Ireland te France, their position and their duty would be very plain and simple—they would fight as hard against the arbitrator as they would against France. (Cheers.) In nine cases out of ten, however, it would be found that they would not have to fight at all,end in all cases they would secure time for a consideration of their case, en-i that would be a great advantage.theimportance of which would be readily seen. He wished to ask the audience aad the people of War- rington to gather together a band of volunteers for peace —A band who would work for p.ace,,be in earnest about the matter themeelves, and then endeavour to convince their friends and neighbours that the object they had in view was an excellent one. (Hear. hear.) Lot them first make what they were driving at perfectly clear,and then bring it home to the hearts and consciences of men, and make them feel "Theta act the man." And if they did not do so they had to answer to Gad and wan for their failure. (Applause.) For three months he wanted them to help to make people as earnest about the peace of the world as they were about a football match. (Laughter.) He knew that that was a very large order, Let them canvass the town,obtain signatures to the me- morial, and he would,in fact, like to see the whole town put to the question" Do you care fr peace, or d 3 you not ?" War to many a:mote was an amusement, especi- ally when they read their morning papers, and they liked to read about bloody battles with desperate chareee. It amused them as did the actions of the gladiators in'ancient Rome amuse the Roman citizens. Other people also thought war was good for trade, while one old lady had asked, "What shall we do with the surplus pepulation if there is no war? We need war to kill them.' (Laughter.) There was a great work of missionary proregandism to be dene,and he appealed for volnnters to take up the work. (Apolauce.) The resolution was then put by the MAYOR and Carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FURTHER BISOLIITIONS.

The Rev. JOHN YONGS remArked that!he had to sub- mit a resolution which would give effect to the one they had passed so heartily. In doing so let him say how cor- dially he rejoiced in the charalter of th 3 me/ting. It was a large and he thought a filly representativeme ing of the inhabitants of the town. They were all sen- sible of their great indebtednecs to the Mayor for con-

vening the meelog, and to their hien i Mr. Stoad for the admiral e address he had gi wen to thzm. (Applause). It had been an address so full of infermation and Es 3 replete with intelligeat views of the practic il aspect of affairs that he was sure every in in and woman present would understand th 3 matter of cue Pe ice C mfarence more completely and intelligently than the? were able to do before. Tao object of holding the meeting' was to do what little they could toinduce the people of Warrington to seppert the Czar of Russia in his admirable pr)poEa! for a Peace Conference, and not oily so, but to give their cordlal support to her Majesty's Ministers in their assent , to toe comference, and give tnern to feel that Warringt was in sympatey with tee other Lary towns in the kingdom in backing up the de de falrd Salisbury had I expressed to see some successful issue fro n so importan', I a conference. (Applause.) He moved, "That the I foregoing resolution be forwarded by the Mayor to the Marquis of S ilishary, the Right Ron. A. J. B alfour, M.P., and the Russian E nbasiy." (App!aus3.) _

Mr. F. MONKS said he ;nos.. heartily seaanded the reso• lution, because he felt is was a right and a wise thiag to do, and he hoped one of the results of this in ivement would be to encourage a feeling of peac mblenesi amongst their psople. The late Lord Derby never said a wiser thine thaa when he • said that the great.Fs-, interest of the Egish Wd3 peace. Mr. Stead did not expect that they %you'd all agree with him in what he had said. He (the speaker) for one believed that England had cause for a step she took not very long ago, and although it might have b.012,ht; on war, at that time he thought there were few Englishmen wao did no', think that right and justice deLnandel what was done. If they were a giant they must have that giant's strength and wisdom. (Hear, hear.) Everything tbeV could do t 3 strengthen Lard Salisbury in tale movement they should do, and perhaps it would dissipate that feel- ing that they were a quarrelso.ne peeple and a SOUTC3 of danger to the people of Earope. There never was a greater mistake. An Engliahtnan was essentially a man of peace so long as they treated him fairly and reason- ably. (Laughter,) But, like the lad at school, when they got his back up they must look out. (Laughter.) He was quite certain that would be the feeling with which they would en'er upon any war. He was quite sure that at the end of last year everyone felt sad at till mere possibility that taey might have to go to war. If they had they would not have gone with a light heart, but .with a sense of conviction that they were in. the right. (Applaussp.) ' Alderman ROBERTS, sail he pported the resolution with he grereit possible pleteure. The prop .s ale of the Czar were noble and they had been nobly responded to by Lord Stlisbury.rssponded to in a manner that was worthy of the highest and best treditims of this caun- try, worthy of the high office he held, and worthy of the Christian faith which he sincerely believed and de- voutly professed. (Applause.)

, • _ The reseletion on being put to the. me,ting was carried unanimously and with acelamation. Mr. J. C. PARR proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- , man for convening and presiding over the meeting. He I thoueht it had bfen largely due to the Mayor's beau Ince 't hat there was such a large attendance, and th-y had to thank him for the grace and courtesy with whien he had presidel over the gathering. (Applause.) Thy had listened to a most interesting aud instructive address from Mr. Stead, and he was sure everyone present felt more than ever the importance of this movement. The Chief Magistrate of their boroulh felt that peace and prosperity went hand in band, and he of all peoplo in he borough was best pleased and most happy when he I saw the town prosp rous. (Applause.) The Rev. Father Wensox, in ii,!conding the motisn, said the Mayor, by his own opinion and example, had tried to arouse the interest and attention of the people of Warrington on this great question, and he had done so with every success. (Hear, hear.) Oae of the most I important elements in the crusade was that the atten- tion of millions of people, the masses as they were called, should b o arrested, aroused, and fixed on this subject. For it could not be denied that Vie question of peace did not rest with Czar's or Emper ors, or even with Ministers and Governments, but ultimately with the people. (Hear, hear, and applause.) So also did the question of war. It was they, the people, who, as a last resort, a could force the hand of the Government either in one direction or the other. It was, therefore, of the utmost importance that people, not only in this land, but in others, should realize that war and over-fed armaments were not necessaries of life, kut, rather one of the luxuries of the few paid for by the bleed and money of the many. (Applause.) Some 50 years ago the labouring man began to realize that the conditions of his labour were almost intolerably oppressive and grinding and unneeessarily so. He took thought to himself, and talked the matter over with his mate, and then he and his fellows began to combine. They all knew the wonderful results of that combination. It was not con- fined to his own ceuntry. There shculd be such a com- bination as that in the interests of peace—(applause)--- not confined to this country, het international. One certain result of the Czar's propo•ele would be that the people of the Earopean nations would be still further

Sr* 741- * SOME TEAS ARE GOOD, v4p, SOME ARE BETTER, * *l/4, DuT THE; BEST ARE „ BROOKE, BONDS'G 41•“). Britain knows that " 13s scriE. vs4r BONDS' TEA IS BRITAIN'S BEET" 2,003,000, yes, two-thousand times a *thousand of the sh-ewdest pope in the TrA5, Kingdom drink BROOKE. BONER' TEL every -das. Do you want any better !,:.• proof of he good value of our tea than 4r that one solid fact ? If so, send to our nearest Agent for a four-penny sample- * Packet of our celebrated Is. 41. That will prove its own v due, and you will then * * convince yourself. OUR AGENTS 741 f.

are everywhere and deli our tee at prices it( 2111 C to suit ail people and all purses.

* 10d., 1/-, 1/2, IA 1/8, 2/- jthr:' 2/4,:ez, 2/3 a lb. lig

. 4 *BROOKE! BOND 03 *. Ar'.ot ~ Tea Merchants by Appointment to * The People. * *THE LANCASHIRE TE A. WAREHOUSES: 17, PICCADILLY, AND I MAN- * 12 & 14, LONG NI I LLGATE, i CHESTER, AND AT * LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON. * ' 3.r * Zig 44 * * * *46-IV.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing valuable information to Ladies how all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simp:e Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails." Thouslnds Of Testimonials.—Mr. W. H. BLANCHARD, Claremont Forest-road, Dalston, London.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
hits p ,

A 4 • Teet.ll,4loo 4 4 4230

remedy

for Ailments of Children.

RNEST

There are two points to emphasizs in the lettEr we ars going to ask you to kindly read. One is about bronchitis, and the other is in relation to the teething period of babies. But let In withhold our comments until after you have real the letter. 13, Chaplin Street, Forest Hill, S.E.. "May 2od, 1893. _ _ _

" Sirs,—l feel I cannot speak to hignly of your valuable preparation, it has do le my baby so much goad. He had a bad attack of bronchitis last November, and I gave him Scott's Emulsion, and it did him so much good that I kept oa with it all the winter. I feel sure he would hays beers bad all the winter but for that, a 3 all my ohlldr3n as babies sufbr from bronchitis. I should strongly recom- mend it to all m3thers whose children are at all weak at the chest. as it is both a food and a medi- cine. I speak from experience. My baby is a fine specimen of it, anl I shall still continus to use it while he is teething. I am, Sze. " (S,gned) M. LoNe."

Now, what the forering letter says atout the the effect of Scott's Em)Won in brenchistis, speaks for itself. As a specific fo: tie ailments of throat and lungs, s) common in Great Britain,

Scott's Emulsion :s a safe and sure

Scott's Emulsion is without an equal. The refer- ence in the letter to its being " both rood and medicine "is quite true, as Scott's Emulsion com- bines all the curative and nourishimg properties of cod liver oil, glycerine, and hypophosphites. The hyploaosohites aid digestion, feed the nerves, nourish the bo.ei, and :laltain the brain, while the elycerine facilitates th. 3 absorption of the oil. In this way all the ingredients work together to irm. prove health. / During the teething of babes, Scott's Emulsion relievea in ich oF the distress attending this period, a,lll we find uniy,rs illy wh-rvver it is used for this purpose that the babies are scarcely any trouble at all. Wei cannot make this use of Scott's Emulsion too emphatic. You wi I find Sco't's Emulsion swePt to the taste and free fon any burden for digestion. It in the most r,ti mil and most eff,c uit form of c3d-liver oil._ For fa'e 1-57_311 chemists.

Yo I may oOtaia a sarnoln of Scott'a Emul3ion by miing threepinom to covcr nost,ge to Sort', and Bowne. Ltd., Manufacturing Che nistb, 95, Great Saffron ail!, London, E.C., and mentioning this paper.

,„..1.7*7'.:•,*,---5.,.. _„ __ ~,,..... , 4.,_ \ ''...\, ~. _ ''-‘.,',•i'(•s:.*A,'k` „.2i,'% A - ',...',,,,A\--•.::.*', . //' ,::(, • -;11, ~....i, ,N,\v4;=„,.-w,,,f,..;•,.:2,, ~..,..-:) ,y , ,t!'.1.::„ _ k%.:.:v,•ky,.;iY, , ~/.. -• . . ..................... __.,..---.....„...............,4,,i0hiti, . 4/2•::::::.,ii:i:.: '''''''::.;: .: .... . . ..• -•:••••:::-.1,—______ ''q't .ft:',.i toq,ai;::::.:.- ------------1-----,-. ,Itti ~, /''.;,.:::::::-y.i.:. .VV i: 5',',:.,:,.: ........ :.•.. ........... : ... :::. ..................... 4,-. `'Ail ..: i:.•:: :•:::: •: .: .......... • .................. :::::::::::::::=2::-....._-.....-,.._,..---.7.,,A, VI • - .., ' "." : • :: i • ....... :::. ... ::::::::-....7.....,:: .......... _ _ :.......:T4' -- ",-': :::::f.'_.7::::::,.':F..,,f: ':'-!:::----- ---=--- .. '-----------'-', -•••-7----:,-ftl.,t'' :."'',:',',•::_,.,-,..:. i -,:.,,,......r"....1."..--;,:.- . " •::;:7iii.....*Hw.FEE. .... ...--.z.....5....ir1, - ....,-;:::-J,44,:‘, o,' , '' ,'.'.,'.::::...:.:', '. %.• -1: ',: ; . ,; .....g ... q;_:-...-:- . ,;1, :;_-_--..-3-...---.-...1.-.77.,t,... :...f,'•':TiLiii,'ifi4.-.4 '"'.","'''''"‘',.... • j.,,,t,:',1 '-------7-2,-.''. - -,f--'--...---79-Tf .. ;.,;li-.*: ..... .i.i-e.t•-...;-__::-.-.7,--_a_---...%••, ::•,Ttii::;::.l;;;ifiEi..i .... •A ''''..'....:'::.s'N.'. \ %•••••••• •• . ..... 4:41:. ' .:1.. :. - 'l7 --.4iiiiiliTEFLS-77-•-•-,--,L------E-_-----..---=---:i• • ; ..;',:Z.»,1/I"'i ' 11 , • v.", , • v.;---'.. :•,. .••-. •-- -th...,5r,i5i...1iii-fprigii-F-'--..._-_,-7-_---.---------- -4;:., ~:;:!,•iii / I 11::: :•:,:.•,,',:.:,•:':.:::::;:,:\::\ \\V I..:'''.. • ..... ~, -:::.-.,E-----7--,..,: '',Lt-1-.1.-••-•-----.1::=-7..1,--_-----..-- / : f::,:g1/ 1 lisiiiivizi:.,:i ......• ''.-. ':Z.J:.'•••••••• . ..:: . : ... I ...... iif'&ll.-.:.i:i r lillithii::::::•:: , ... .':.'A • .I:::''.: ......... ::::.....;.i..i.iii7.:: ...e.--=•.:----..7.—._-..--.5..,_-______.„.__......„,,---/-",.....gi". / / iiiiiiilli/iflo4 ' ',':.i . - •- - -- - --...--.....:-.-----.1.--;....,...-,-----,.........---".,0::7 / qiiiiillliiiilil:ll• : :... \ \ \ s Ngf'j:.'A...Lgttft.e-"-t---: -:::•:::-- „ 'V.74%,, // ~ :, .. -: : .. . . .... ••••••••'•v••••••• \ '''','_...'ll-*••••."---3.-4,W-,A=---:_•_-_-.. ..,____:•-r----.-4k-,*----,.......--z______ .....7.---;---..y .4',,,r;,,,,,,„ -•••'" \ , ~\ \\ \ ...• \ N ''::::;',---.-5--.:'-'.-:-5."7.,::-..''=------5----'7.---•,-4---.-------, / 4'''...'f-'',Z,4••',44,„ W.:: ::::::..i.ii.i.i.E: hilkYliii.7 \" ---..-.,.- -----.., •- ,i ... -.,----.---------,''''.l// ,a'tV it ~k'" .„ A::::::::://....4 :::• ,•:,,,i, '.,,i. '6•4'2;,,,,,5.. '. c , fi,v,m,.______„-z---,':,-,,,..,..r.H.‘Li:!''.''r:'•-----:----r--F---- - ----- ,/,:',AV:4,.,.... .. '7'.::"...,:..*:ffi ::::::::::::.:<:, ii,'7'lol,i,-, 4" "..f.f.. • , ,i,",4?.';-.-===- ....;''',ffi•a4.l:l.ll:::::ilnliiif.r.-___,..___,-,-..;_-_-_;-_575:,...;;;;;;-.,-...,-7/k;:l\flri,iol,..., a,;iittr,".7,f,..--.,::,:,*,14-.,,. , ...........• OS; t.tA',l. .4 .. ''" - - ''.4 • , , ', 1 '''•!:::';': .-.7.-.--7-44..:_-:".--r---=E--1,1--=;111irn•-ESIF-•=_-,T'"--•la,':,7,0:-.....,....444.4i";'''; t'''..4:4.::•: 01 '.: '''' ''' '-',..,1•71'.41-',4160., t••• ":',.: it:•:".:, , =--------:.--=-t:.-.-E-f,:--,..------•--,=-7•7/." i•i;':q 'rig! 'ii,.,• -•.::,.'''.•'',..,r,.',.,.....;,,,, ...i.r'e:'''''-',''',"i.V.:‘,.‘,, ''( . ~'j \ .::-;A1...":',----------52;-.5:----=-: -:•l.';'''-''---.:---'-'e:-..7.----'''''-"---------_-. '...-.-.7.:,';'0.41.1.;'14.,:....', " .... ....,: , '00.,'7% __,-,,-;: ' '',.,' ',:: :- --, :';‘t J..:,',.wy, \\'\ \', ~ \N:';'.:4"f"),.-"7-7-5-Y--7--f-----4---.7.7-77-77---77AK,eli' ' ,'..K-;.':;-.'......:.:.z.'..::. '..:-:::::::::.:::.C..:::.:- '''' ..`,1•.*....e•1'Z' ' ,i; f;fil,' ,°411,11;1,F.-A\‘\ \‘.010::' . .:.' :' : ;,..'•!),If:::7,1::.47 '' , 11!:''..; ..:••••::::'. ..-.*:.::::::'4.:10./ , ............... : ',';',7 2,r ...... `iii, ..'; ir ,'',':,..;•::',••• 'O',IA , \ ~, ,1,,11,,1.1ii..... l'rt 'l,/,,,,,, 7.,/ / 7 4...fi'•::.:g./ ...•:::::::::::e '1 i :4....''','. "7:„.; .4: ":"ii ::::,:i \ \ \ •••::::,11.1 . It - ...,,,‘',,,,-- - ,„,,.\\,\ \,, \•• • ,Ii!II , lifiii "Or / I,' ~•e / ~..„....A10II:I!::::.:?:.:5'''': ..i• • , ,f.,./.0,//. :,.....,,,2,t- ~""t•:::.•: ::•';'•;\11:\\• Alci,t'',',,' ~. ' 's•\V :',' - -41111 • !till' i 11,/// „/ ,/,".454:?!.f.:&/ 1 't...•'.'4‘ 71,1 /////........::::' ,••••,,,,...,,,,, •,t4. . ‘,;\ ‘;‘,',;\ , „ rii,, 1.,, iiiill p ~,,!,•., fi" /// i i //,,,,,;,,,i,,,-, 4,111,,, , i 0,, 7.i, ,/.,i ii,-,,,,,,,,,, ~,,,,..,..:.,,,...,,,. ‘ ‘ .....:4 \ '‘', \'‘ '..' \ N \*o. .' : , iiii/t,/, j,,.. i , ://,,,,,,,./., . ~,,,,,--:.1., ~•• 7. , /7. ~,,,,,.....: t .• "...:.:...kN1111)...,;(1(i,441041iy,‘ kili..ilitipi;,,,,g ; ' i(1,;-,;,.. '''''' ' ' '‘‘l4lllllPp,,lli,:lillyilfirliiiiiilffilrliqro//,/, li ... • . _ . - . ..... • ~....,:.:4,,i1e, ._, . .. .. .. - - E' ' LONG.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
arou4ed and their minds and consciences stirred on this clues:ion, and the'. o lc. a:cyriplished they need n3t fear that the In .tter wou'd be drooped,. Why then should there not be 4 wiJsprel strik in the iwerests of peace against bloated armaments, and thi interasts of this c >antra against .„tud &Amor of nallitary conscription. (ApolauSe). Mr. STEAD supoorted the motion. H 3 said the crusade of pesce was an in-,ernational cause.de. They wanted a represmtativ.. Cm every 1,000 of the inhabitants of War- rington el,c;ed ho convnitt,ge chosan from toe volun- teers. Those renresrw.atives wo aid atsand a nationa/ co3venti3l tl b. held in Goiclo un March with delegates from all ottp.r r,owns, tor tne ourpoe of presenting its a national for n the ?reat d93ire .3! the people that some- thing peact nil ~hould be dine The concrentiin would be asked to appoint smne six or ten representatives,Eng- lishm and Rigish .vona in, who would undertake in the tollowirLl Ewer ti (4) through Europe, capital by capital, brow:lll.w Deice and prosperity. (Applause.) Thpy would begin at Paris, then al to Germany,Austria, and af,erwards t•wv would go to St.PPte7sharz to assure the Emperor that the people warn with him in this offer for peace. (Applause.) Tho vve or thanks ['lying been carried, The MAYO 2 briefly rep!i-3, and the meeting termin, ated.

THR RECRNT FATAH ALARM OF FIRM At the Warrington PnliceCiurt on Monday morn- ing Mary Garrity, living at 8. Rose and Crown-at., was brought up charged witn wilfully setting the chimney of her dwelling house on fire,—Sergeant Evans said he was in Bridge-street on the night of the 11th February when he BANV.WiIEit appeared to be a fire at Mr. Ralph Johnson's Works,and he gave instructions to a policeman to ring the fire bell,and that was done, It was subsequently discovered, however, that the cane of alarm was at the defen- dant's own house, as she had wilfully set the chim- ney on fire with some bills &c.,wnich she had taken from Mr. Johnson's premises on the occasion of the fire which occurred there some years ago. The Chief Constable: S,Vtle time ago a paragraph ap- peared in the new4papers to the eff sot that a false alarm of fire had bran given, :and expressing the hope that the offender would be brought to justice: (Pointing to Sergeant Evans) : The offender now stands detect° !. (Laughter.)—The woman was fined 2s. 6J.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt 44 Oraminer " Otrito

ON LANOLSICIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWESPYPNBS: Comprises T" Warrington and Mid-CheshireExaminer, pub- tubed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, publi3hed every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, TaWidnes Examiner, published every Friday morning'

===== 0002601_18990224_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PIMPAID ADVERTISEMBBTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, 'ARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED,

SPECIFIC ARTMLES FOR SALE BY PRITATE °ownliar

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOUSES AND °TEM PBEMISN.S TO NZ LET OB SOLD. One Three Six

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Is 3d ... 2e Od 27 33 45 54 ..

===== 0002601_18990224_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
3onteltir Aterbants,

WANTED. at once, a trona GIRL for farmhonse.—Apply J. AimmAN, Wilmslow.

iIIEAMSMAN ; cottage if required.—Apply W. H. JOEN- 1. SON. Hale Gate Farm, Halehank, nr Widnes.

WANTED. rood GENERAL.—AppIy. at once, Mrs RictunnsoN, Registry Office. 121, Barton-road, Stret- ford.

WANTED. a good General SHRVANT, able to cook and wash.—Apply RAILWAY HOTEL, Garswo)d, near Wigan.

WANTED Strong GENERAL. able to plain cook fond of children.—Apply Mrs. DENT, 14, Cross-street, Sale, Cheshire.

WANTED. superior Young Woman as GENERAL ; four T T in family,—Apply, stating wages, 57, IsLAxp-80.t.n,

Minton.

WANTED, a strong GIRL, about 15, for house and shop work; live in.—Apply 171, BASTBANK-STREET ,

Eouthport.

WANTED, young GENERAL, as HOUSEMAID ; good references required.—Apply 47, TALBOT-STREZT.

Southport,

WANTED, Respectable GIRL, about 15,t0 assist in houEe- work. ac.—Apply, 52, DAVENPORT-AvENUE, Withing- t n, Manchester.

WANTED. experienced GENERAL for small family: personal reference required.—Apply 14, CR . ss. STREET, Southport.

WANTED, good GENERAL for farm; able to milk; good wages.—Apply (by letter), Mrs. PARKER, Car- lisle Fold, Bolton.

WANTHD, respectable GIRL ; (17 to 18) ; for housework; small family.—Mrs. HoaTotr, IC,O, Carter-street, Greenheys, Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, age 29 to 25; family of two.—Apply, 6 to 8.30 p.m., " MONTAUBAN," 57, Mill-lane. Southport.

WANTED, thorouchly respectable GIRL to assist lady with housework; ago 16 to 18; good home.-31, SPREIGIFIELD-ROAD, Sate.

AVANTBD. NURSE GIRL age 12 to 15. Public also assist in Kitchen, clean, honest, well •spoken.-98, GREAT ANCOATS, Manchester.

NV-ANTED General SERVANT, age 18 to 20; smal family, no children. Write or apply, 14, WESIERN DRITE. Grasscndale, Liverpool.

QERVANTS of all Classes suited daily with good HOMES. —BorromiEr's Registry, Morley-street, Bradford Yorke. Enclose stamp reply.

WANTED GENERAL. able to wash and iron well; clean, and fond of children. Good references required, 31, BRYIIN-STEELT, St. Helens.

WANTED, General-Maid (another kept) ; good home; good wages. Address or apply, Mrs. ANYON, 134, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

WANTBD, a PLAIN COOK, small family; waitress and housemaid kept • state wages and full partfeulars t 3 Mrs. Dicu.sow, Springfield, Chester.

NVANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT ;wlUin to wash good reterences,—Apply or write, PURDY, 2, Crump; sall Green,Crum.peall, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL ; age 18 to 24 ; comfortable home ; good wages to suitable girl. Apply TIPPING. Thornhill Place, Bradfora, Yorks.

WANTBD. COOK, experienced; wages £22; Laundress, £2O ; Housemaid-Waitress, £lB. Apply Mrs. ASPDEN, Sykes Holt, Balderston. Blackburn.

WANTED, good GENERAL for the couutry ; able to wosh and iron ; good home; no children.—Apply Mrs. GREGS r•r, Lyunhurst. Farington, near Preston.

Y? all young homely PERSON for Farmhouse, for all duties, honest and trustworthy, four in family.— Address Cemßisnew FARM, Great Heaton, near Middleton._

WANTED. COOK, GENERAL, and HOUSEMAID- WAITRESS the 14th of March. reference required, Wesleyan Methodist preferred.—Mrs.Dsvms, Rhiwlas, Bury, Lancashire.

WANTED COOK, about 25 ; clergyman's family of three; country house-parlourmaid kept; abstainer preferred. Wages, full particulars, to Mrs. RELTON, Hope, Mmsterley, Shrewsbury.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT for family in Birken- head; narse kept. No washing; good reference indispensable.—Apply first by letter, Mrs. SYKES, 33, Devon- shire road, Birkenhead.

WANTED, Middle of March, good GENER tr.. (plain cooking and washing) for family of three ; also Nurse Girl, about 16.—APply, Mrs. WILKINSON, 5, Betch Villas, Eowerby Bridge, Yorkshire.

ADIES' REGISTRY OFFICE for tespectable Servants. WANTED Cook-Generals,tiousemaids,Waitresses; gc c Generals from country want places. Stamp for reply.—Mrs. A. PENNINGTON, Liverpool.road, Skelmersdale, Ormskirk.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- -171 street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegrlph.—" Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTED by married couple SITUATION as Caretakers, Headworking Gardener ; wife Cookhouse Keeper, aq,e 35 years, life eai erience in gentlemen's establishments, Land and Stock if required,--VREDERICK JONES, The Lodge, TattenhAll, Chester.

D' • COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNI4. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful and valuable remely ever dis covered. 011LORODYNE is the best remedy known for • Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and masts those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CfILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. V LORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. VALORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- • gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Toot hiche, Meningitis,

Zsc. . From Dr. B. J. POULTON AND Co., norncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upon it as an excePnt direct Seda- Live and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comtort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was cHLoab- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.

CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AIND IMITA- 'MONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGZ WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE, " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 1,14., 2s. 9d., and -43. 6d. None is genuine without the y,-oras "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medici, 'testimony accompanies csach bottle. Sou: INIAr DFACTUREF.B :—J. T. DAVENPORT 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, London

ROCIIE'S BERBAL EMBROCATION. FLOWING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOOPING COUGH cure wit kola int erna.

medicines.

HooriNG COUGH Of all Chemists price Hoorn% COUGH 4s.p o r bott 1 d. Sole 'Wholesale Agen tB9 BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SoN, 157, Queen Victoria 6treet, CROUP London. ROCHE'S BERB..kL EMBROCATION'

OtorirtO, ?3tlstnrsses„ at.

Pittitrattono.

Oattis 13j? Vrtbate Ertatt!.

LURRIES for Sale, 12 and 16 cwt ; nearly new—Tnomes B Picicrox, Legh-strE et, Warrington.

IVORWICH HEN CANARIES, 3s. 6d. each.—Miss L. BaowsELL, 26, Palatine-raad, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAiITEi. Fl3l DA V, FEBRUARY 24 18-19

*.ales VEtbate Trtatp.

dimratiort.

evVes,

FOR BEST SELECTION AND UTMOST VALUE. • p inS'S. LONDON-ROAD, MANC LIES MR' Just past Station, through Railway Areh. THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS.

PITTS'S- PALATIAL PREMISES, being heated, are warm and comfortable on the coldest winter day. Few furnishers dare risk this, for fear their flimpily fabricated furniture, being made of unseaioned wool, showily veneered to catch the eye, would collapse before it was sold ; but PITTS'3 motto Is DURABILITY, and Pitta's endeavour to live up to it. Evidentiv the public are convinced Pitta's succeed. as, owing to their unstinted patronage. Pitts's turn- over his been almost doubled during the last two years.

PINTS'S CANNOT WONDER at the bewilder- meat of the stranger doming to reside in Manchester when he finds that each and every Furnishing House adver- tises itself " oldest add largest," as this is obviously Impossible. But the native of Cottonopolis is not perplexed the slightest, as ho knows that the " DOYEN" OF THE FURNISHING TRADE, not only in this city but probably throughout Lancashite, is SAMUEL PITTS% OF LONDON- ROAD, who esn give most of these self-styled " oldest " firms Quarter of a Century's start, and then have a few years to spare. As to the magnitude of Pitts's Business, his Establi‘hment, ueing about DOUBLE THE SIZE of any other Furnishers' in the City', speaks for itself.

Purs's HAVE BOUGH.T at more than 50 per cent below cut price the whole of ;the Furniture from a luxuriously appointed house. These goods were originally purchased regardless of expense, are now in splendid condi- tion, and should be inspected by anyone desirous of securing utmost value t—DINING-ftoo SUITE. covered with real leather, comprising couch. pair of easy chairs, and 817 single chairs, sideboard, extending dining table. overmantel, brass fender, brasses, and large carpet ; complete fo: 20i guineas, worth 40 guineas. MORNINCI-ROO3l SUITE, in real saddle bags, mounted with Ht. Utrecht velvet comprising luxur- ious couch, pair of easy chalr3 and set of small chairs extend- ing table. sideboard overtnantal, carpet, fender. ane brasses; complete for 25 guinees.worth 50 guineas. DRAWINGI--ROOM SUITE.in inlaid rosewood.upholstered with a most expensive covering, I:a.autiful ;cabinet to match fitted with cupboards. shelves, bevelled glass, &c. ; splendid overmantel, with numerous bevelled glasses ; envelope card table, wine tables, all forming a really superb suite; packed and delivered for 50 guineas, well worth £lOO. There is also the large Turkey carpet. Axminster and skin rugs, solid brass tender, piano- forte by/Brard, 'BEDROOM SUITE, in American walnut comprises largb wardrone. fitted with every convenience , pair of elaborate toilet tables, bevelled glasses. marble slab, tiled back. &c.; three chairs, towel rail, and pedestal cup- board, being a really grand suite ; complete for 22 guineas. worth 50 uulneas. Other Bedroom Suites, in rosewood, satin wood. American ash, and painted woods will be cleared at less than half regular prices. Rare opportunity.

DITTS'g HOUSES OF FURNITURiII at. 151 224, 28k, 38f. 50, 75. 103, 200. up to 1,000 guineas. are renowned far and wile. not only for the QUA PCTITY of articles but more especially for the QUALI73E. They easily surpass all others. Full particulars on application. Cash prices only quote I. Deterred payment by arrangement suiting convenience.

pITTS'S NEW Ittu3trate 1 FURNISHING GUIDE is acknowled,eci by competent judges to be Tit t 4 V.STLY FIRST (JUT. It revetls the secret o• economictl furnishing, showing plainly how to make a LITTLIi MONEY GO A LONG W and should certainly be in the hands of every young couple about to et trt housekeeping and others re- -lurnishing. sent post free.

pITTS'S FOR OFFICO AND LIBRARY FIIBNITURB. Every description of Bookcases, Seers- tales, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, t;opying Presses, at about ir,if City Prices.

QAMUELA Pll T:!.11. Establishd 1845. L 7 LONDON ROAD (C. 030 to the Station), Manchester. Jubt through South Junction R ,ilway Arch. _ _ _

ArdivioisT Loug.igit, ant liege Vu9 Cara pass the Door.

Ataiow,Miz:fon,

By lin. CROOKALL.

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai:Lts, has much pie-Imre in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is the only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts aim r Oct Immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every case.

t:end at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- lars and roost convincing Tectimoniala (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, Bradgate-road. Catford, Loudor SM.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU TO Noneu Trrtis.

T HAW; a Quantity of Good GOVIitiN3I.BNT GOOD ;, Jl. passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 6ft by 31t Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 61t Heavy, Large. Dark (trey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats Government All-leather Heidstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap .. . 1 6 Good All-wool hugs, 4lbs. we:ght, 3ft by 61t Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 46in by 42in White Bobber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 46in by 42in %! ti Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, largo size, with Shoulder Straps 1 Horses' Beck Collars, All-leather, any size Driving Heins, quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft long metal buckles 4 6 _ _

.-. ..... Clean. White Linen led Sheets, lilt by f:ft 2 6 Carri4ge or Doc: Mats. real akin, full size bracingles with Rollers Tarpaulin Covvra, made up to any size, Is per square yard, wii li lashing. Any of the above carriage pAd to your home, from If. J GAEISON, Government Contractor, Rye.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AL HN ER,

FEBRUARY 24th, 1899,

THE annual report of the The National Liberal FederatiGn. National Liberal Federa- tion is now issued, and i4t is a document of more than usual importance. In its chronicle of events will be found appreciative and copious references to the death of Mr. GLAD-. STONE, "the greatest leader the Liberal party ever had." The memorial fund will not be closed until the end of next month, and it has already nearly reached £4,000. The "free and willing offering of the pa-2ty " will take the form of a statue in the Central Lobby of the House of Commons; and Mr. PomERoY, the sculptor, is so far advanced with the work that it is hoped the unveiling ceremony may take place early next session. The Special Organisation Fund, deferred whilst so many GLAPSTONE memorial schemes were being pushed, will be proceeded with at an eirly date. The correspondence between Sir W. HA RcoußT and Mr. JOHN MORLEY is included in the report; and respecting the latter a hope is expressed that "ho may once again be found occupying a responsible position in a Liberal Administration." Sir H. CAMPBELL-BANXERMAN'S selection is cordially en- dorsed as " one which warmly commends itself to the party as a whole." A survey of the home and foreign record of. the Government will be found very pertinent and useful. Of the Irish Local Government Act it is said that the Liberals furnished the driving-power," whilst the bribe of £300,000 to the Irish landlords, by exempting them from poor-rates for ever, is held to be an illustration of " the anomalous position of the House of Lords, as con- stituted at present arid with its existing powers.' The Vaccination Act is regarded as another illus- tration of the subserviency of the House of Lords to the Conservative party. The working of the Compensation Act shows the need for better pro- vision for old age, and the levity with which mem- bers of the Government regard their election promises ; whilst the only popular reduction of taxation—that on tobacco—has been of little profit to the consumer, and may be described as practically wasted. Foreign affairs are sketched with a broad hand. Early Liberal criticisms on the Soudan advance are not inconsistent with satisfaction at the result. The CZAR'S Rescript is depicted as "the most momentous document of the nineteenth century," and realising, in " a concrete form," what Lord ROSEBERY suggested and desired in 1894. Eastern and Chinese affairs, with ref erences to West Africa and Mada- gascar, conclude the survey. The section on the by-elections is invariably readable. It is sum- marised in the sentence that " whilst the Liberal party has won eleven seats and improved its posi- tion in twenty-two constituencies, the Tory party has won three seats and improved its position in only five constituencies—all town by the way." Some slight comments are made on the pro- gramme of the `. session, and the failure to include in it the great changes contained in Mr. BAL- FOUR'S election card and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S social programme. The duty of the Liberal party just now must be opposition and education. Under the latter head is included improved local organi- sation. The outlook is one " full of encourage- ment ''; and the Liberal party is induced to press' forward to a time when the electors will desire a change* and return to genuine Liberalism.

A PLEASANT company, a cheer- The Literation ful tone, and wise counsels Sccitty and the Church. marked the breakfast .of the Liberation Society and the Dis- senting Deputies in Landon. Members of Parlia- ment were present to shew their sympathy, and to reaffirm the principles to which many of them have been pledged, and to guide the decision of what must be recognised as the only vitalising movement in ecclesiastical affairs. The tone of the gathering was animated, and the outlook was re- garded as brighter than it had been for some time. Sir lITH.FniD LAWSON truly said that only a short time ago the Church seemed to be in an impregnable position, whereas now it was trembling by a movement from within and assailed by attacks from without, and people were discussing serious matters in a becoming spirit. He cited MATTHEW ARNOLD as a prophet who said, in 1871, that unless the Church made a blunder it might not furnish an opening for attack. That opening had now been provided. The lawlessness in the Church, the contempt of Bis- hops,Parliament, and the Privy Council, was rous- ing the spirit of England, and John Bull was de- termined to be master in his own house. Rever- ence for law was one of the highest marks of civil- isation. In France the army had assumed that it was ,above the law. In England certain of the clergy had presumed that they wore above the Church and above the State. It. was a claim that could not be admitted Parliament had many religious elements in it which he humorously described, dubbing himself "a lunatic," and hence it was to be regarded as a broad (Ecumenical Council. Dissenters were

members of it, ar,d had as much right to regulate the Church as men who never attended public- houses had to deal with licensing reform. The crisis, as Mr. OAR YELL WlLLiams declared, in. creased the difficulties of the Liberationists, be- cause liberation was getting nearer every day. Mr. HUTTON pointed out that the claims of the High Church to free government, with State privileges and endowments, could not be granted. The only alternative to State control was Dises- tablishment ; and this was made clear by other speakers. Mr. • RICKETT, indeed, raised a fresh point when he contended that the rigidity of a law-bound Church might make obedience distaste- ful; but relaxation and freedom, to be comprehen.. sive, involved separation from the State. "Protestant whirlwind," which established one ' school of thought and excluded others, might be a misfortune; but true comprehension could only come with freedom from all but religious control. The duty of Liberationists just now was to keep their main principle steadily before them, and not to lend a helping hand to the work of reforming the Church, so that. it could keep its privileges and. endowments with a minimum of State contr3l. These suggestions indicate the breadth with which the crisis in the Church is being regarded. With the Church system, as such, the Liberationists have no quarrel. As long as the Church is free, on a basis of equality with other denominations, the Dissenters have no ground to quarrel at all. What they object to are dominance, establishment, en- dowment. These are policital matters, and the Liberation Society is only a political body.

It is quite refreshing to be able to chronicle a Liberal victory in a by-election, and we congratu- late Dr. Douglas on the determined way in which he has fought and carried the Parliamentary seat for North-West Lanark. Liberals appear to have been so apathetic in the numerous elections which have taken place of late, that the spirited activity exhibited by the Radicals of the Scotch constitu- ency represented by Dr. Douglas is welcome as a draught of elixir vitae. The Liberal roll has gone up tremendously, while Mr. Graeme Whitelaw,the defeated candidate,has succeeded in improving on. , his previous total. A very close contest was ex- pected, for Mr. Douglas and Mr. Whitelaw are both young men in the thirties and are popular with the people. The progressive Views and per- sonal force of the Radical have, however, gained the day by the handsome mijority of 359 votes We hope the result is an omen of the true status of Liberalism in " canny Scotland."

Warrington's public meeting' called to consider a resolution in favour of the Czar's peace pro- posals and held on Monday evening, proved a sun.- cess complete and absolute. Parr Hail has pro- bably never contained a larger or more represen- tative gathering since its dedication to public sero vice, and this fact alone is ample proof that the subject of International Peace is one in which the inhabitants of the town take a deep interest. We do not say that all who were present attended the meeting solely because of their enthusiasm for the proposals made by the young Emperor of Russia. Many people are sceptical as to their practicability' and many others betray an apathy and lack of in- terest in the subject which is by no means to their credit. It is quite probable, nay certain, that the unique personality of Mr. W. T. Stead had some- thing to do with the dimensions of the audience, but this is none the worse for the prospects of. peace. Once under the spell of Mr. Stead's eloquence, earmestness, and optimism, and even the most stubborn of doubters is bound to admit that the case for peace rests on no unstable founda- tion.

A point on which Mr. Stead convinced all his hearers, was that in regard to the sincerity of the Czar himself. Mr. Stead had a truly remarkable personal acquaintanceship with the late Czar of Russia, and is now on similar terms of friendship with his son, the reigning monarch of that vast country. He can consequently speak with an authority which cannot be questioned as to ther characteristics of the two rulers. From him we learn that the father's constant desire for peace and goodwill to men is ever present in the mind of the son, and that it was this feeling which prompted him to issue his famous tescript. Those. who look upon the proposals with suspicion and impute unfair motives to the Emperor are thus. ' nonsuited and proveel to be in the wrong. In the further course of his address Mr. Stead drew an impressive picture of the imminent and constant danger of a universal war "in which Christian civilization itself will disappear." Of course this is a surinise,but the speaker has sifted the matter and argues with logic that such will be the inevitable outcome of the present bankrupting policy of ceaselessly increasing armaments. The bare possibility of such a disaster is terrible enough to make welcome any scheme for lessening the danger. It cannot be denied that the moment is opportune for a calm consideration of the fate to which the civilised world is being hurried by the maintenance of Europe as an armed camp, and the proposed ccnference must and will have the support and best wishes of all right-thinking, sober-minded people. Even Mr. Stead does not expect any reduction of armaments; he is doubtful of bringing the increase to a stop; but he hopeS and believes that the nations will be willing to sub— mit their casus belli to arbitration before resorting to the sword. If this much only is done it will be a great step towards peace, and the forerunner of others pregnant with still more vital issues. The resolution put before the meeting was unanimously passed, and WaTrington's quota of opinion added to the hundreds which will go to back up the re-. presentatives of this country at the forthcoming conference of the great ones of the earth.

The composition of the Australian team that ig to visit England for the forthcoming cricket season gives assurance of a stubborn contest. Noble and McLeod are new to England, and Noble brings with him a tricky style of bowling, new te most English batsmen, against whom he may, with the wind to bowl against, prove a startlingly sued- cessful opponent. '"lt is to be hoped that on our side Ranjitsinhji will be available once more. lie was the hero of Stocklan's tour, and if not tOO courteously treated on certain occasions by the crowd he never had to complain of the opposing team, most of the brilliant members of which are included in the Australian formation for '99, When Stoddart's team had to meet the hostile criticisms of the Australian crowds it waS threatened here that there would be retaliationg when the next Antipodean team visited England. We hope all animosities of that kind will be overt' looked or forgotten. The Australian papers sell like wildfire when international matches are being decided here, and unfriendly demonstrations would cause far more soreness there than was the case when the reports of Stoddart's tour were cabled to England. Probably any caution ie unnecessary. We bear the bad fortune of the game more stoically than they do abroad, and the Australians are so strong this year that we fear there will be a heavy call upon our reserves of that virtue before the season is done with.

The opening of the new works of Messrg. Fletcher Russell and Company Limited markg another epoch in the industrial progress of War' rington. The company now intend to manufacture in this town numerous appliances, the early pro" cesses of which have previously been carried otIO elsewhere. This will mean employment for a larga number of hands than heretofore and add some what to the conameicial prosperity of the Borough. It is questionable whether any to'e in the -United Kingdom has shown such untaitre takeable signs of progress as has been the case Warrington during the last few years. And the outlook is still bright. There are rumours of woe works, and farther trade developments. Warrioir ton seems destined to bo a great commercial centre, It is admirably situated for trade and commeroel and has natural advantages which many to would be only too glad to possess.

We were surprised to learn this week—and we "have no doubt many of our readers will be aimilarly affected—that Mr. Middlemore, the newly-elected member for a Birmingham constitu- ency is the seventeenth Unionist or Conservative returned to the present Parliament without a con- test, while not a single Liberal candidate has been allowed to escape the ordeal of battle. The pusi- lammity of the Liberal Party will become a by- word if this sort of thing is allowed to go on. There have been some excellent opportunities lately for the party of progress to show a little of that pluck and love of combat with which they are supposed to be plenti- fully endowed, but they have been allowed to go by the board—a policy far from being pala- table to the rank and file. Now that the party has a new, and thorough-going Liberal leader we may hope for better things. Already symptoms of increased vitality are noticeable among the oc- cupants of the Opposition benches in Parliament.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

I have another tale of woe to relate this week, and all on account of Warrington's ignoble display at St. Helens. To be beaten by twelve points to three af:er being fully confident of victory is an experience Warrington don't often endure—principally because they are seldom fully confident of victory. But on Saturday they were until about 4 p.m. when certain events had happened which caused them to think differently. The two good per- formances against Salford and Leigh had blessed War- rington with a confidence in their own prowess which they believed boded ill for S. Helens. The Saints, how- ever, recollected that they owed Warrington reparation for a number of defeats, five in succession, and made careful preparations for the fray. They left nothing to chance and succeeded in giving their opponents a Bound thrashing.

Though Warrington played shockingly, at least the 'backs did, there is some little excuse for them. To be- gin with Harris wxs forbidden to turn out by that auto- cratic body, the Northern Union, who acted upon a most absurd rule as to employment and sickness, and this considerably upset the tbreequarter line. Cross was given another trial—probably his last--at centre. and Isherwood went on the wing. Only a few minutes after the Ftart and when Warrington were pressing, Bats had the misfortune to twist his knee, the knee which was hurt about three years ago, and afterwards was of prac- tically no use. For some time he was off the field, but played through the second half with a pluck which one could not help but admire. Thus sorely handicapped Were Warrington beaten, though Ido not wish to dis- credit Bt. Helens' performance in the least.

The game was not a very exhilarating one, yet it was carried on for the most part at a very fast pace. Com- bined play was rare, especially on the Warrington side, and the shocking state of the ground militated against running and passing. I can scarcely understand how the field came to be in such a state. If it had been well 'watered, and then trampled by a here of buffaloes, it could not have been worse. S. Helens Vent in ' for spoiling tactics at firA, and then as they Baur hew disorganised was the Warrington back division they adopted short passing and quick following up With excellent results. A. penalty goal was their first point, and then the score was doubled—by a lucky drop-kick from Boyle. Before the interval Hunter scored a Meritorious try,bringing the homaiters' lead up to seven Points.

Warrington had decidedly the worst of it up to half time. but they were not beaten then by any moans, and I'light have saved the game but for a shocking mistake immediately on resumption. Stott secured, and was allowed to run right through the team and score between the posts. He ought ta have been stopped, but the Warrington men simply gaged and let him do as he liked. It was not a try like Dunbavin's of the previous Tuesday, there was no stop- Ping that,but Stott certainly should have been checked. When Foulkes added a goal Warrington's discomfiture was complete. Still they had three-fourths of the play afterwards. Fish eclred a particularly brilliant try in the corner, and saved his side from being nilled.

The Warr'ngton team was supported by a meat un- usual crowd of enthusiasts. I should think there were close on a thousand went to St. Helens by one way or another, and the like of it has not been seen befora on . any occasion this ssason. Frequently the team has gone away with less than a score of supporters, and this did not use to be the case. It was like old times on Saturday to see the crowd at Bank Quay Station. A. lot a interest was evinced in the first turn out of Wood, the Llynwypia man, at c?,ntre. lam afraid he disappointed the critics, but it is not improbable that the critics were wrong. My own opinion is that those who said he was no good are in the wrong, and will have to admit it yet. A player could not have turned out under worse conditions that Wood did on Saturday. He was out of condition through not having played for 13 weeks as the result of a broken arm ; he was nervous about that self same arm; he was strange to his club mates and to the rules; be was handi- capped by the condition of the ground and the fact that the threequarters were very effectively -smothered on this particular occasion. In the face of all this he was expected by some people to score two or three tries and altogether give a display fit for an inter- national. On the whole he did not do badly. Ho was better than Cross, and I think the committee have acted Wisely in giving him another chance against Broughtol. I 1.1. m convinced he will improve. Speaking of Crois re- me of this once capable player's deterioration. Me is playing vary poorly now, and yet trains and tries se hard as any man in the team to make himself fit. It 18 a pity he cannot get back some of his old form.

Fish was far and away the best back on the Warring- ton side at St. Helens. He played coolly and cleverly -all through, and his try was well worth seeing. With Harris on it is probable that St. Helens would have had a much harder task to keep ahead. Isherwood was of 'little use on the wing, and it would have been better 'bad he and Cross changed plaws at the interval. Ashurst was a very useful man but shone principally on the de- 'fence. Hallow, was only moderate, and did one or two foolish things. Morrison played a remarkable game -forward, and was an invaluable help when Fairhurst went half-back. He is the biggest man in the team now and works like a demon. St. Helens were best repre- sented by Stott, Liversage, and Foulkes. The diminu- tive half-back, said to weigh only 7 stones, was a con- tinual thorn in Warrington's side and bids fair to make a second Dunbavin.

Broughton Rangers are the opponents this Saturday, and as they are still in the running for the championship they are certain to make a big effort to obtain two Points at Warrington's expense. Tivir poor display against Tyldesley augurs badly for their chancss of paes- mg Oldham, and it mp. 7 be that Warrington will give them more than they btrgained for. I hope the lads will play for all they ars worth. A point or two from Broughton would be a treat Bate's Injury will keep him out of the field, but Wilcox should maks an efficient substitute, and with Harris back again th 3 backs ought to give a good account of themselves.

The Lancashire League Ouampioaship table up to date isas follows:

nor. Against. P. W. L. D, G. T. P. G. T. P P. Oldham " 23...19... 4... 0...27 93-342... 9 10- 48...38 tiroughtonßang. 21.../7... 4... 0 35...53-229... 9 13- 57...34 Salford 24...16... 6... 2 19...48-182...21 23-111...34 *Swinton... 22..15.. 5. 2..30 51-216 .A 0 13- 59...30 Leigh .23...15.-8- 0...33 29-153...11 29-109-30 20...13... b... 2 _94 33-147..,16 17-- 83...28 Runcorn 20...11... 7... 2...23 28 -130...13 '23- 95...24 *Warrington 1...11 32-118...16 34-134...21 St. Helens .... 21... 9.- 9... 3...23 27-127...15 36-138...21 Rochdale Hornets2l... 5...13... 3...1613- 71...32 46-20?,...13 Virig,xn 21.. 4...16... 1...14 12- 64...30 39-177... 9 Tyldesley.. ....23... 2...17... 4...11 15- 67...26 59-226... 8 Stockport 20.. 2...17... 1...12 15- 69-00 67-231... 5 Morecambe Ez.. 2...19... 1... 4 9- 35...34 55-233... 5 *Swinton have had two points delucted for breach of Professional rules. s

===== 0002601_18990224_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
" THE ANATOMY OF THE ANT."

This was -tliTe subject under disCuss.lou at the Meeting of the Field Club on Friday evening last. 34r. William Webster was the lecturer, and de3pite .the difflaulty attending a detailed description of the structure of so small a creature, he succeeded Ivith the aid of his pictures, in conveying to his audience clear ideas of the nature of the modifica- tions of both body segments and appendages which occur in various species of 811t8. He was. particu- larly happy in bringing out the facts that tne many- jointed antennm are organs not merely of smell, but of tearing, and are also the instruments by which they .cominunicate with one another. He also showed vi?ry effectively the structure of the thichea, or breathing tubes. Mr, Webster also described the structure of the poison apparatus of these little creatures. The poison glanas are always situated in the hider part of the abdomen, and in many species there is a sting, essentially similar to that of a wasp 1 whilst in those species which have not developed this organ, the jaws are powerful enough to inflict a jagged wound into which, by a rapid movement a the abdomen, a drop of the poison is forced. A lively discussion eusued. and Mr. Web- ster was warmly congratulated on his paper.

" LINSBED COMPOUND " for Coughs and Colds, Asthmtaand Bronchitis. Of Chemists only.—advt.

LIXSEED COMPOUND" (Trade Mark) gives Ex- Pecteration without 13s. Eeld by Chemists °Mire—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

ACCIDENTS AT WIDNES.

Oa Friday, joseph Wo Ids, ages 16, rssiding at 59, Pitt-street. fractured his right leg while paying at foot- ball during his dinner hour.—Martin PanaraV, aged 62, of 22, Milton-street, fell from a waggon of stone on Monday and received severe bruises t his hip and side. His injuries were attended to at the lecident.Hospital.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED METHODIST FREE CHURCH, RUNCORN.

On Sunday the pu nit at this place of worship was occupied by the Rev. James Martin, of Shrewsoury, formerly pastor of the church, who preached two im- pressive sermons to large congregations. At the even- ing service the choir gave an excellent rendering of the anthem "Row lovely are the messengers" (iendelssohn), and Mr. Wesley C. Cooks was heard at his be3l in the solo "Eternal rest." Mr. J Jones presided at, the organ. The collections in aid of the circuit ,funds realised a sub- stantial sum.

PROMPT AOTION BY A CONSTABLE. About 11-30 on Tuesday night as Constable Bowy(r was patrolling his beat, he observei a light through the fan light over the door of Mr. C ,flier's shop (No. 9 Braach), Devonshire-equare. Upon more minute observation he discovered a fire on the ground floor of the premises, which is a lockup shop. With the assistance of another man the constable broke open the door and extinguished the fire, which was faun I to have ori,ginated through some sawdust in the vicinity of the fire grate being igni- ted by hot cinders.-0 wing to the prompt action of,the Constable, the damage done by the flames was ex- tremely slight. A portion of a box and some biscuits were destroyed. SONS OF TEMPRRANCE, RUNCORN. ' -

On Saturday night a meeting of the above was held in the Greeaway-road School.—Mr. Thomas Cooke pre sided over a good attendance. It was recently decided to admit ladies to the order for life assurance,and eleven presented themselves tor initiation on Saturday night. They were accorded a hearty welcome by the Chairman who said there was work for all to do, and the ca-op.?ra- lion of women was needed. It was not.3cl that women were the most enthusiastic workers in temperance re- form. During the evning three young men j)ined the society. The order is now in a flourishing condition. The following officers and members took part in the pro- ceedings.—Messr3. Thomas Wbyte, Daniel Bisbrown, Thomas J. Holt, James Johnson, James Moores, and Thomas Clarke. FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE.

The usual monthly met-tine at the above Committee was held in the Council Chamber, in the Town Hall,on Tuesday evening. There were present: Messrs. D. Bisbrown (chairman), T. Riley and W. Handley, with Mr.J.D.Jones (librarian) .The Librarian reported that the Library had been opened 21 days during the month of January, in which time 2018 volumes were iS3IIOI. com- prising, theology, 27; philosophy, 8 ; science, 61 ; his- tory &a., 107 ; poetry, 8 ; fiction, 1546 ; miscellaneous, 242 ; music, 9.1.—A. letter was read from Mrs. Pritchard, widow of the late Mr. Joseph Pritchard, acknowledg- ing the resolution expressing the Committee's sympathy with her family and their recent b,raavement.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN FOOTBALLER.

Daring the progress of the mach baw,ea Runcorn and Widnes, on Saturday afternoon, James Jolley, one- of the half-backs of the Runcorn team, was rather seribtasly injured. It appears that Martin was tackling Jolle9 when the latter slipped ani Martin came bate violent cofratact with him. It was seen that Jolley WAS badly injurea ai and after being attdN;l by Dr. MoL3a- nan he was rero.rwed home in a cab. It Was found that his ribs were injured, ai on the advice of Dr McLennan he was removed to LiverpeA onll3aday morning, and attended by Dr. Jones, the celebrated bane-setter. lie found that the arch of the rib wa3 badly strained. Toe injury was soon repaired, and Jolley WA.S able to return home. It is expected that he will be all right agaia in a fortnight. Jolley expresses the hope of being able to participate in the cup-ties.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPERA.TIVE SOCIETY.

On Wednesday evening the Widres branches of the Runcorn Co-operative Society held their annual tea and concert in the Lacey-street Schoolroom, when Mr. W. E. Dudley presided over an enthusiastic audience. The tea was capitally served. In taking the chair at the concert Mr. Dudley spoke of the success achieved by the Society during the past year, and commended to more favourable notice the Co-operative Society's scheme for building members own houses. The programme which followed was ad- mirably sustained by the Runcorn Male Voice Choir ; Mrs. Temperley, Mies Woods, M ,sirs. W. Shaw, G. Johnson, Worrall, Wrthington, and Burrows, who ac- counted for the sentimental side. whilst Mr. G. H. Nuttall, the renowned Lancashire humorist, contri- buted dose upon dose of amusement, in his usual inimit- able style. The accompanist,. was Me. W. Cooke, Run- corn. The singing of" G 1 save the Qum " concluied an enjoyably spent evening.

MERSEY MISSION TO SELMER.

The usual entertainment in coanection with the above Mission was given on Tuesday evening' Mr. Shaw (mis- sionary) presiding. The programme below was sub- mitted and received with hearty approval; after which votes of thanks to the friends and artistes proposed by Mr. W. Shaw and seconded by Mr. %V. Shaw (jun.) were accorded with acclamation :—Pianofort3 solo, Miss Har- rison; song, " Life is a river," Mr W GewAntock ; reci- tation, "Tommy and the eggs," Miss M Stringer ; song "Chime again" Miss D ; song, "The Anchor's Weighed," Mr C Temple ; pianoforte solo,Miss N Ellison; pianoforte duet, Misses Waterwortb; Lancashire reading," Popping the question," Mr Strin- ger ; song, "Simon the Cellarer." Mr W Gowanlock ; song, "Dear old place," Miss D Hill ; song, " Baby- land," Mr Davies.—The whole concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. RECITATION CONTEST AT ELLESMERE-STREET CHAPEL. On Tuesday evening, a good audience assembled at the Ellesmere-street School-room, attracted by the pros- pects of a recitation competition (in which a silver medal and two book prizes were offered by the United Temperance Prize Committee, Memorial Hall, Farring- ton-street, London). and an entertainment promoted by members of the Methodist Fee Church Band of Hope. The chair was occupied by the Rev S Wright (pastor), Who in his introductory remarks spoke of the advan- tages enjoyed by children of the present day as com- pared with those of 50 or 60 years ago. There was more thought and care expended upon them; they were better fed and clothed and enjoyed the advantages of a universal education. He could testify that as the.S3houl Board system prospered the prisons had gone down, with the result.that the criminal classes of to-day were more than 50 per cent. reduced. He was proud to say that one of the great features of the pre- sent day was the interest and care taken of the young. (Applause.) The items submitted included, besides a number of sweetly sung hymns rendered by the members of the Band of Hope' recitation" A firm and steadfast no ! "five little girls • duet, Misses CtIIZ3II and Joyce; recitations," Here's a laddie,"Herbert Charles- worth ; " A fair little maid," May CharlaswortW; dia- logue, the Charleswortla family. The recitation com- petition drew forth 12 competitors and the test piece "Drink to my health " proved highly instructive. After a keen comeotition the adjudicators: Rev. S. Wright, and Messrs.W. Fowlds and T. Parry, awarded the prizes as follows: Ethel Lithtfoot, silver medal ; Sarah Powell, book prize ; Mr. J.Charles worth, book prize. The prizes were presented to. the successful ones by Mr. James Scragg (superintendent of the Band of Hope.) fiesta. Jack Rutter was highly applauded for "The pardon came too late"; and Miss Barker's rendering of' Happy Home" was appreciated. F itO_Uo tug.

SERIES OF PETTY THEFTS AT FRODSHAM.—On Saturday, at the Sessions House, Frodsharn before Mr, A. Thomas (in the chair), and Dr. Steele, Tnomas Hughes, late timekeeper in the employ of the Helsby Telegraphic Manufacturing Company, WAS brought up in custody charged with stealing a lamp, oil can, pulley straps, bunale of cord. copper w re, and suodry other articles to the value of 13s. 61, at Hatsby, between the Ist of October and the 28th of November. 1898,—Joseph Swift, Helsby, identified the variona articles ptoduced as the property of the Ilelsby Telegraphic Manufacturing Com- pany: He also stated that he went in company with Sergeant Clays, on the 13th of January, armed with a search warrant te the prisoner's house and found the property produced there.—Constable Needham deposed to receiving the man in custody from the Newcastle-on- Tyne police.—Prisoner, who pleaded guilty, elected to he summarily dealt with, and submitted several charac- ters received from time to time from different Chief Con- stables and Superintendents of Police under whom he had served at different times,—The Chairman said he had been placed in a position of trust, having the whole works under his charge, and naturally such conduct was inexcusable ;in consequence, however, of his pre- vious good character they would only inflict a fine of 404. inclusive of costs, or one month in default.—The money was paid. In another column we publish the annual report of the Pearl Life Assurance Company, Limited. Told company year by year justifies its existence as eine of the leading offices in the United Kingdom. and a glanne at the general balance sheet shows the society to be in a sound and vigorous condition. This satisfactory state of affairs is undoubtedly due to the high opinion in shieh the Pearl Assurance Company is be!ri by the industrial classes of this country, to whom its eprcial advantages offer exceptional opportunity for sound and safe investment. Perhaps there is no time in life when the necessity of a sound life Assurance Company is more felt than when a death occurs in a family and we know of no aociaty whose advantages, consistent with stability, can compare with those of the Pearl Assur- ance Company in meeting that necessity. The Local Superintendent is Mr. T. Gerrard, 50, Greenway-read, Runcorn.

LA.TCHFORD WESLEYAN ,IMPROVENIRNT SOCIETY,

At a meeting ot this society held in the vestry of the Wesleyan Chapel a paper was read by Mr. J. Melton on "Literature." A debate followei the reading of the paper, in which the following mem- bers took part :—Megsrs. Fard,Bleas,Pieson,Corbett and Osborne.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1989

THE LITE MR. ROBERT NORMIN.

PULPIT REFERENCE 3.

Tha pulpit at St. Paul's Weileyaa Cnapel, Reacorn, was on Sunday morning last occupied by the Rev. C. W. L. Christien (superintendent of the circuit), who de- livered an impressive sermon founded on the words "I have finished the work which thou gayest me to do." St. John XVII., 4. Having earnestly impressed his hearers with the thoroughness with which our Saviour accomplished His work on earth, the whole of His life being devoted to the deing ef His Father's will the rev. gentleman said :--Tne band of death had come among them at St. Paul's and taken some of their mem- bers away. Only a few weeks ago their dear friend 31r James eirregary was called hence. He was a most unique man in his knowledge of the Holy Word and in nis almost absolute knowledge of the Wesleyan Methodist hymn book ; and a min who loved the services of God's house. Then the hand of death came and touched tee heart of Sister Leach and she fell asleep. She had been a esisty member of the church over 50 summers andf .afiars. Se had given her heart t God at the age o 17, arid hid been a member of the cause in Heywood and Manchester. She settled in this town and for the last 37 sears had been a sincere member of the minister's class meeting, at St. Paul's, and passed away after a life well spent. In thelast few days one of their most pro- minent figures, one who had worked among them for many years, had been called away. In speaking of their friends who had departed this life they never attempted to claim perfection, for all were imperfect. But they would thank God for all the goodness He created in human hearts and lives. They would thank God for the sterling work that belonged to their departed friend Robert Norman. He was the embedyrneat of that peculiar formation of spiritual life which bad been, one of the prominent features of the Methodist Caurch from the beginning. He was born at Weston in the year 1830, and lost his father when he was only seven years of age, throuek an accident, and was left to the care of a tender mother with six others. He was converted at Weston in a prayer meeting when he was 14 years of age, and as he used often to put it "He had thus been born twice in Weston." For 55 years God spared him to show to the world how real and thorough was the change which God's grace wrought in the heart of the lad of 14 years. Now true religion always gave its possessor ever the great desire for the salvation of others. It did so in young Robert's case, and so the boy was soon found engaged in Christian work in his own native village. In 1853 he became a local preacher and was examined and elaceri on the plan by the late Rev. J. Morris. In 1859 he became a class leader. Both positions he retained to the last. He was greatly successful as a class leeder,lais classes becoming so large that they were often divided again and yet again. He became a trustee of the chapel properties. His especial work was that of a local preacher. Robert Norman was a splendid speci- men of that noble body with which God had blessed the Wesleyan Church all along. His preaching was more than the simple expressing of Biblical truths; he was warm, emotional ant dem mstrative and it was out of the depth of his heart that his mouth spoke when he occupied the pulpit. He had ti endure hardships a 3 a good so!dier of Christ, and oftentimes came home from long journeys wearied out with the day's preaching but as happy asa king. He was once arrested for preaching the gospel under,the canopy of heaven. He was not, however, a narrow bigot, but he was intelligent touce- ing the history and doctrine of his own church. He had been a most regular attendant at the services of the St. Paul's Chapel; weak day and Sabbath found him in his place, and his example in chat direction was one they should try, and emulate. At the last service he attended he was extremely interested in the proceed- ings, and on the way home expressed the hops that he would soon recover from a slight chill he had contracted,l but he had got his death chill though he did not know it; and was taken away from the presence of many of his f rivets late on Saturday evening. During his illness often ia his wandering he would burst out into song, singing his favourite hymns,which showed that the rule- ing passion was strong in him. He ;tile preacher) hoped that Gad would grant them a succession of such man in their church who, would render them such service and work as heel their dear friend Robert Norman.—The choir sang the anthem (an especial favourite of the d ceased) " The vital ere,ec of 1-1,,q,v,n1r,

CHA.RGE OE' SUEALLNU FitoM MESSRS. CROSFIELDS' WORKS.

TYE CASE DISMISSED.

-At the Borough Police Court, on Monday morning. before Alderman Sutton and other magistrates, Joseoti Newell, joiner, 14, Wellfield-street, was summoned for having stolen a quantity of timber, value 30s between February 15]1" and February 17th, from Messrs. J. Gros- field and Sons' works, Bank Qlay.—Mr. Browne prose- cuted on behalf of the firm, and Mr. Jenkins defended Newell. Mr. Browne said the real value of the stolen timber was more than £3, but it hid been reduce so that the magis:rates could have jurisdiction. Mendant was a joiner emploeei by Mears. Crosfield, and the rule was that no employe should take any goods out of the works without a written permit by Mr. J4rnes Newall, chief engineer, or by Mr. W. J. Witts, storekeeper. Defendant hid previously had permits to take goods out, but on Wednesday afternoon last he ordered his labourer, Herbert Smith, to assist him in loading some timber, which they took out of the works by the ordinary ga:e. Smith believing that Newali hid got a permit. Defendant had arranged with Mr. Gittows, Man- chester-road, to build him a cycle shed, and it was for that purpose that the wool was taken. It was removed to Manchester-reed by way of Factory-lane, Wilson-Patten street,and Mersey-3treet,and no one coati have any suspicien of defendant, because the firm's workmen were oenstantly taking material down th.re to, the tallow works. Defendant got half an hear off to take the timber. The second load (on the Friday) was taken out by the gate ot the glycerine department. No one had any right to go out by that gate at all. They took the wood to Manchester-road, this time by way of 'oerys-streer, Priestly-street, Froghall-lane, Heath-side, Queen-street, Scotland-road, and Cieurch-sraet. Mr. Nolland, the foreman joiner, inquired of the store-keeper and found that defendant had taken no permits for the wool. When Mr. Newall spoke to defendant aboat it, he replied " I was going to take it until I had finished the job, and then pay for it." Mr. Newell said that was absurd. It any workmen emit of the thousand and odd people employed at Messrs. Crosfield's was at liberty to take geode out of the works like that-- Mr. Jenkins (interrupting) said he was not going t) say anything so supremely ridiculous as Mr. Browne sug- gested. He was surprised at.the manner in which Mr. Browne was opening a criminal case. They should only adhere to the facts, and not in any way prejadice the defendant.

. Mr. Browne: What nonsense ! Continuing. Mr. Browne said hp had been instructed to press the case. Defendant bad bad experience in get- ting permits. Windham John Witte, store-keeper,stated that defend- ant had got no permits for the timb3r. Witness woull not have sold him such a large quantity. He would have had to go to the timber merchant for it. Herbert Smith, lisbertNolland, James Newall, P.C. Smith mad Mr. Gino ws gave evidence .bearing out Mr. Brown's statement.

Mr. Jmkins, addrweing the Bench on behalf of the defendant, said that not only had they to protect Mesere, Crosfield in regard to their property, but it became their duty, as a jury, ta consider the other bearing of the matter in its aspect to society generally. If they csuld discern out of the facts of the case an intention on the part of the young man not to commit a crime, however strongly they might feel that his acts had been more- hensible it became their duty to give him the benefit of the doant and acquit him of the crime. He 1 kad no right to break Messrs. Crosfield's regula- tions, and t 3 arrogate to himself the right to take away I large quantities of timber, although he might have in- I tended to be perFectly honourable and to have kept the list which wag found upon him. Teat list went a great way to shuw that there was a sense of honour tied arty- ing the defendant's conduct, but it would be an exceed- ine.dy dangerous thing on the part of a big firm like Messrs. Oroafield, who had grave difficulties to contend against, if for one moment they allowed anything like looieneee to creep into their methods of business and al- 11 low such conduct as that described with regard to the II ddendant. Would he have dared to prejudice his career by taking away a load of timber in such a blundering I fashion if he had bad any dishonest motive? Had the policeman met him at the gate the, present case would never have arisen. He did not dispute the facts as I brought out by the prcsecution, but this he did say,that the defendant had no intention to commit a crime. He did not intend to steal the timber, and he had Ewe's since that the course he bad adopted was wrong. He ap- pealed to the Bench either to discharge the defendant in the circumstances or to deal with him under the First Offenders' Act, and not record a conviction against him, but simply order him to ply the costs of the prosecu- tion.

The Bench retirad to consider their decision. and on their retura

Alderman Sutton said: Tee Bench have consiJered the case very seriously and anxiously, and they have come to the conclusion that they cannot make up their minds that there was really any felonious intention on the part of the defendant. Ai; the same time, they con- sider his cmdult most repr.shensibl,, but unier the cir- cumstances they have decided to give him the benefit of the doubt and discharge him. Defendant: Thank you, sir. Mr. Browne : The decision practically amounts to this—that all Messrs. Crosfield's man have to do in the future is to take a list, put in their pocket, and say "I am going to pay for these things," and it is not stes,lin. Mr. Jenkins : lam extremely oblged, on behalf of the defenunnt, t). the Beach. The &fondant assures me that he had no intention to steal. I hope this will he a lesson to him and all the empioyes. Mr. Browne: It won't he,. bhcause they will put a list of things in their pockets, and say they have no inteation to steal ; I only regret we reduced the value of the timber in o:dor that ti2e can might be tried here.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARACTER SKETCHES,

No. I.

Every person who take; an interest in the town, and especially those who have watched its growth from a mere village hamlet into a town ot con- siderable importance, cannot fail to revere those man who have materially helped it onward, and thus ,enabled.it to keep pace with the march of pro- gress. Those persons who have benetitted the com- munity cenainly deserve the highest eulogy and the warmest appreciation ot their fellow tewnsmen. Runcorn can boast of possessing many such men, who have by judicious expenditure,by well matured plans, and, it may be, by sacrifice contributed their quota to the prosperity it now enjoys; and which it not as good as desirable, is a considerable advance on the town's earlier days. There is one individual—a well-known character —whose past services are not, perhaps, recognised as keenly as they deserve. He stands out from the rest of his townsmen as one who has attained a high position by sheer hard work and dogged deter- mikation to overcome all obKacles, Rising from a comparatively low position to a lucrative post, he presents a striking instance of what an • untutored workingman can do in co-operation with other workingmen to help financially his fellows, and rise in tne social scale, at no one's expense save, his own. _ _ _ _ _

Many years ago he initiated, in conjunction with others who held similar ideas to himself—perhaps soniewhat Utopian or Socialistic—a movement which has brought happiness into many homes,and enabled the housewife to rest secure from debt,tand reap considerable advantage if only regarded from a pecuniary point of view. When, however, the social and intellectual benefits are noticed the debt of gratitude is doubly increased. Strange to say the success which attended these efforts made in fear and trembling has in no way affected the mind of this most wormy individual. He is as ready to speak to any old. comrade with waom he once worked side by side at arduous toil, as he is now to transact business with the wealtuiest. His portly figure, his jovial face, across which a good-natured smile contiaually plays;his rolling gait proclaim nim to be a typical Briton; one of the good old sort who are unhappily fast dying out. His own particular countrymen would doubtlass apply to him the ex- pression " Cymro f r Cam," watch by interpretatioa means "A Welshman to the hilt." The average Englishman would probably construe such a prase to mean "A jolly good fellow," and the canjecture would not be literally far wrong. Intensely patrio- tic he exhibits that deep and passionate pride in the land of his fathers,and in everything connected with it, which seems to be the peculiar heritage of his race. Like most Welshmen he is well grounded in religious matters, and, tnougri too broad minded to be termed a bigot,he displays all the characteristics of a sturdy follower ot Calvin. Noncon.formity is to him the ark which is to sail over a sea of dogmas and doctrines, and ultimately find a resting place in the heart of the Eternal City. Though a strong controversialist, either in secu- lar or religious matters, he has the prudence to watt until he is the party attacked, when he generally renders a good account of his opponent, being always ready to discuss any debat- able question. For a self-made workingman he is remarkably well read. Ha has a powerful retentive memory, and therefore is well informed on the majority of subjects traversed by English and Welsh literature. Welsh Hymnology is one of the favourite studies with which subject he is specially acquain- ted. His opinions are remarkable tor their candour. He is the possessor of a vigorous intellect and an unbiassed mind. Extremely cautious even to timidity, he sometimes carries his conservatism— though no anally a radical—a little too far. Though by no means witty he has an underlyinwcurrent of kumour that renders him a person if not of refined taste, an agreeable and pleasing companion. Quick to forgive any real or fancied injury, and with a disposition naturally generous the unfortunate one need never apply twice for assistance. Yet it would be strange if tnere were no "quips and cranks"aboat the worthiest members of society. In fact professors of physchology affirm that it is impossible ta find a man without some mental de- formity. The only failing —if tailing it be—that it is possible to discover in his mental equipoise is that of being a violent anti-smoker. His prejudice against what Kiagsley calla the soothing weed is of a nature at once bitter and unreasonable. Woe be- tide those luckless wights who incur his displea- sure in this respect, for a lecture of the candle char- acter is the ine fitable result. His character, or rather the elements of it by which he has achieved success form an interesting study. Push, tact, and plod have been stated to be the essentiale necessary to ensure success. If this be a truism we can hardly wonder at the result for he rossesses them in a pre- eminent degree. Doubtless method and punctuality have been also large factors. They are, indeed the Alpha and Omega of the man who seeks to woo and win fickle fortune. And the type of maa under consideration, judging from personal observation,is a noble embodiment of two of the noblest traits that it is possible for an to have. _

Our town is rich in such a character. Were there more who would display the self-sacrificing spirit which he possesses' there is every reason to eqlieve that Runcorn would be infinitely better off as a town, and the inhabitants be infinately more suc- cessful in their every-day concerns; for they would understand the value of thrift and industry which are, alter all, the chief essentials of a vigorous life in the growth of any great nation.

EPIGRAM. A man who deems that it is best, To labour for the common good; And seeks in one great brotherhood To join all ranks, that the unrest Which springs fram want by mutual aid, Be in its grave for ever laid. [No. 2 NEXT Issue.]

===== 0002601_18990224_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RIINCO RN - NOTES.

(BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

The Aged People's Treat is at present the chief charitable item to which attention is called, mid on Wednesday the Widnes Borough Minstrels are occupying the Public Hall with the commendable object of accelerating the raising of the fund.

In a short time the town well be face to face with the election ot its representatives on the various Councils. In certain quarters, especially in the Bridgewater ward,some dimsatisfaction exists as to several local questions. Well the desired oppor- tunity will come soon, and if the ward wants those grievances remedied the electors should see that their reprosentative is pledged to do something for them ; and thus secure an ardent spirit to look after their interests on the District Council. But speaking generally, there is a good deal that might be accomplished by the Urban Council all round and there is certainly plenty of scope for someone in the direction of the "assessment of works " so. as to retain as much labour in our town as possible, and not friga ten manufacturers all off:

===== 0002601_18990224_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

On Saturday Runcorn adrainistered a regular " knock-out" to the Widnes team. It was a rare game and one that made the heart ot Runcorn glow with the ancient pride she once took in all her people's doings, but now exhibits only on rare occa- sions. It is oeinz generally remarked that seldom has better form been displayed by R limn] than on Saturday.

Next Saturday the Run3orn team will be as fol- lows to meet the Hornets at Rochdale ;—Back, T Houghton; C Butterworth,J Butterworth,T Warder, and D Jones, threequarters; J Faulkner, 3 Nickson, halves; S Walker. a Farmsr, F Darlington, R Reece, J Langley, W Lightfoat, 0 Aughes, and J Tomlin- san, forwards.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

DRUMM:MS AT •STOCKCOM lisaTa.—Oc Tuesday morning, at the Occasional Court, before Mr. JlllllO9 Tinsley (in the chair), and Mr. F. Monks, Alfred Taylor, a painter, of Stockton Heath. W 39 chargel,on a warrant with havinr been drunk at St)cktoa Heath on December 26th, and with having hem drunk and refusing to quit the licensed promises of Mr. Per Britnslow on ber sth. The case was ly:ard at the last Dsresbury Ses- sions, and Taylor failing to appesr,a warraut was issued for his arrest. He gave himself up to the police at Chrs'er on Monday, and he was Firought to Warrington by the Stockton Heath p3lice.—Tavlor was fined 5s and cests and 5i including costs for the respective offences.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

VIE WESLBYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.—MeS3II. George H. and Frank White have been appointed joint honorary secretaries of the Wesleyan Sunday Sch )01, in place if their late brother, Mr. James F. White, who was swept overtoard the steamship Fenella and drowned whilst crossing from Liverpool to the Isle of Man during the gale on the 2nd January last.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. ADDRESS BY MR. NI.OROJI INDIAN AFFAIRS.

A STRONG INDICTMENT.

The Co.operative Hall, Cairo-street, was well filled on Tuesday eveniag, when a public meetine was held in connection with the Warrington Liberal Association. Tire principal speaker was the Hon. D tdabhai Naoreji (formerly M.P. for Centre! Finsbury), and his subject was" India : its political and soeial c endition." Dee chair was occupied by Ceuncillor John Crosfield, J.P. He was supported on the platform by Alderman Roberts Couneillors F. R. Roberts, L. Ellison, and James Evans, Dr. Markel, Mr: J. Meuafield, Mr. Malkin. Alderman Holmes read the following telegram from Mr. A. H. Crosfield :—" Please express to Mr. Naoroji my great regret at missing the meeting and heiring him to night. I am on the sick list this week. Have vivid reeollection of bearing Mr. Niterojes mest interest- ing address at Liverpool Reform Club a few years since. Best wishes.—ARTHUR CUOSFIELD." Alderman Roberts added that as Mr. Arthur Crostield could not be preseat they could not do better than ask their President (Sir. Cresfield) to preside. .(Applause.) Mr. JOHN CELOSTIELD said he thought :they must all be about tired of seeing him take the chair. (Laughter.) He was exceedingly sorry his son child not be present for his own sake and theirs. (Applause.) He (hit son) had told him several times how much he had enj wed listeniag to Mr. Naoroji when he spoke in Limp 301. and he the (the speaker) knew it it had been possible he would have been present that night. They were going to h we a treat that night. Mr. Naoroji Was as well acquainted or perhaps better acquainted with India than any man in Eagland. (Hear, hear„) Alderman Roberts and himself had had the pleasure of an hour's conversation with him previous to the meetine and it had been most deeply interesting and instructive 0 hear what he told them about India. He told them a Lot they never knew or had had any idea of. he knew the evil of the present system of Government, and if his advice would only be listened to, India would not only be more prosperous, but would be-a much safer ceuntry than it was at the present moment. (Rear, heir.) He must centess that he himself was very ignorant about India, and he believed it would be of great benefit to all of them to hear edr.Naoroji explain difficulties and dan- gers that attached to (hat vast country. They were all anxious to hear their friend. (Applause.) 'rue Hon. Mr. NeOROJI, who had a cordial reception, said he was obliged for the opportunity of explaining the real pesition and the real relations between England and India. Lancashire was especially interested in the Indian question, and it was a very great pity that she did not understand how matters stood. Re wa9 nit present that night to be pleased with the sound of his own voice and to please the audience. Ile bad come to Warrington on a most serious business, and he had no doubt that the presence of the audience showed that they were really and earnestly anxious to hear what he had to say. He did no: ienore the good that had been done by the connection of England with India. An Indian National Cengress existed, but the Anelo-Indians tried to belittle it and run it down, and a more saicidal act they could not perform, That Congress represented the best fruits of England's connection with India. The Congress assembled at one time in one part of India, and at another time in another part, and it con- sisted of representatives and delegates from tee whole of India, Delegates from all parts of Europe met together for some cenamon purpose. That was one result of the British connection with India. Tee British had selidi- lied the Indian nation, and that wal the bsst outcome of their good work. The British had introduced into ledie—ef course at the Indians' expense—(laughter)— Western education. This Westerc education had given a new life axid new light to the Indian people: Indians had learnt from English literature and from their insti- tutions, and also that the replete were not ter the King but that the King Was for the people. They should be the servants of the people and not the masters. (Applause.) Indians of all classes and creeds,Hindoos,Maloommedans, Parsees, the richest and the poorest ,met together once a year in a conference to examine their own condition and to tell the British Government what they ought to do andovhat they had done which was good er bad. (Ap- plause.) The Indian people had been given liberty of speech, and that was the miscue they were anxious that the British connection should continue for a long time; not that they (the Indian people)professed to be benevo- lent towards the English- people. But it should be a British cennection and not an aa-Brilish one, as it was at present. (Hear, hear.) What was the good oF the English being there if India was not to derive a benefit from the British institutions? Unfortunatey there was a dark side, which destroyed the effect of the brightaide and of the connection between the two ceuntries.v In 1894, on the occasion of the Budget speech, he brought forward' a motion in the House of Commoes. and it was seconded by Mr. S. Smith, that an inquiry should be made into Indian affaire, and after he and Mr. Smith had spoken Sir Henry Fowler, Secretary for India, admitted that a spoken, indictment had been made out against the 'British rule. A. Royal Commission was appointed to investilate certain matters. The In- dians were very thankful to him for that. He would not go into all the matters, but he would laVdown this as his indictment against the present system of govern- ment. The British veeple had desired and clearly and emphatically laid it down that the Indian people should be treated and governed exactly like themselves. The Indians were asking no more than that Teey were told they were fellow subjects,and that must mean that they must be under the same form of Government. Bee were they? The British people had not performed their duty in seeing that the policy and solemn pledges had been honouraoly and faithfully carried out. That was his in- ,dictnient agaiest the whole British nation. A distinct policy had been laid down, but it had not been carrie 1 out by the servants, the executive authority. The main reason why the British people had failed to do their duty was that the Anglo-Indian. authorities in botn countries had represented all Indian matters from a one- sided and selfish point of view, had kept the British people ignorant of the true and actual state of affairs, and misled them into the delusion that all was happy and rich in India. That was the Bitish people's excuse at present—the excuse for not having looked into matters as they ought to have done. The truth of the present British rate was that it was an evil un-British. despotic, destruetive, alien eystem of the worst kind, that it was based on the principle that India must be bled or plundered, and accordingly it was un- deasingly and eveoiacressingly bled and plundered. Tae method of carrying out the evil system was political :hypecrisy and deliberate transparent subterfuge. The people of India had no voice in the administration, management, and expenditure of their own revenues and of their own affairs generally. The Indian people were not admitted into all the civil and military services in violation of the most deliberate acts and resolutions of Parliament and the most solemn proclamation of the Sovereign without distinction of race, creed, or colour. Indians, instead of being treated as Britian subjects. as most solemnly pledged, were treated a; he- lots or slaves. Generally, India was insufficiently geverned,aud, therefore, inefficiently governed. The re- sult; of the present evil system of Government were the debasement of the people, extreme peverty and terrible misery, millions of people being swept away, by famine and plague, and scores of milieu starved owing to insufficient food.(Applause.) After severs struggles with the authorities' the Indian people had obtained some smell reforms, but. the administration of the past few years had snacciaed.away even those few reforms, and the authorities were now trying to snatch away the liberty of the press and person, the higher educational services, the deprivaeien of which was one of the most dheymourable chapters ia English history (Applause.) Tune was, in fact, a general insidious eff srt to squeeze out the Indians from the higher ser- vices. As British subjects the Indoms demanded that British rule mu 4 be based on British principles and Bri- tish institutions, and Bridth citizenship, and not on the preset existing despoticem-Eaglish, selfish and destruc- tive principles, of which the pre3eat disaster and misery were the natural and hitter ftuit,and unless the present unrighteous and un-British system was thoroaghly re- formed into a righteous and truly British system des-% traction to India and disarer to the British rule must be the result. (Applause.) Toe Empire had been built up and maintained by Indian blood and money, and, more than that, India had been drained of thousands of mil- lions to the enrichment of this country, and to the impoveri-h meet of India, and yet th • only gratitude and reward was the helotry and unseen oppreesio 1 of the worst kind' Otherwise India weuld have ter-severed, and the British people would have been enriched tea times more with India's blessing and gratimde instead of her curse. A rig,tite us and honest British rule could alone be bene- ficial to India, and more than beneficial to the English people, and enormously streng'ben the foundation of the Empire in the affection and gratitude of the people. To their prayers the authorities had lent a deaf ear, and it remained for the British people alone to fulfil their pledges. There would be no longer any excuse if they did net know of these things. (Applause.) This, he placed leefore the pablic of England as his indictment. The language might be considered strong, but' he ap- pealed to them not to judge of the strength or mildness of the language from mere words, but to say whether they were true or not, and if they were true they could not be stronger. (Applause.) If they stood in his place he did not think they would be satisfied with strong language, but would go in for strong action. (Hear, hear.) The speaker went into details to prove his indictment and contended that England had never spent a single farthing in con- nection with India, and from the first day on which the British put their foot on Indian soil, the maintenance of the Indian Empire had beey entirely derived from the Indian people. It was mainly Indian blood that had formed that Empire, and the British people had received thousands of millions of its wealth. Why did they want 60 or 70 thousand soldiers there? Because they were afraid of Russia. He granted the Indians did not want Bessie. Lard Kam- b2r.ey in a speech at the Mansion Reuse sail England should never allow anything to happen to deprive

r them ef India. Yet what was good for one country WAS good for the other. John Bright had said England could net have her own good unless it was for the good of ladia. (Hear, hear.) Ile Indians could not have commissions in their army, but Eagland was very liberal with their money. Mis- sionaries were sent to India to teach them high morality yet what effect would it have on the Indian people when they saw the Government pandering to the vices of the soldiers. India was the poorest country in the world and they should have a voice in their own affairs. The Goverement of India was despotic and the Secretary oi the state for India was the Great Mogul whose will was law. Did they think the Hiadeos and Indians were such Savages and brutes that they did not understand their slavish condition? The people were reduced to starva- tion, and there were scores of millions of people who did not know what it was to have one full meal in a year. (Shame.) They were simply in a worse condition than they had ever beers under their own despots. When officers and officials retired they left the country and all the experi- ence they hal learned was lost to India. Such treatment was unworthy of the British name, and he appealed to them for their own sake to ask themselves whether they had doee their duty. Was it possible that 300,000,000 of people would remain true to England when they understood the degraded position to which they had been subjected, that they would remain for ever under the heel of the ? They tilked of the jingo rule and of expansisa but they must take care they had not an explosion in there own Empire. They could not expect that such injustice as the Indiaae had received at their hands could last long. (applause.) Councillor Ludes Evates proposed "That this meeting thanks Mr. Naoroji far his int Testing and able address, and expresses its complete sympathy with him in the ' objects of his mission." He said tnat if they had lived in India and had been treated by the Indians as the In- dians had evidently been treated by them, they would not have urged their protest so mildly as their friend had done. (Hear, hear.) Long since would Lord Salis- bury or any other statesman who was at the helm of affairs have heard about the matter. Those preseat with him must, after Mr. Naoroji's address, have a better conception than before of wha: British GovErament was in ludie. They seemed to have kaown nobody but those who lived in their own little corner of the world, but at some future time, when they recorded their votes for men to go te the House of Commons, they would re- member, he hoped, in a fuller and better sense than ever they had previously done, that they had under their Gevernment sone tlaing besides Lancashire, and that their brethern, it might be of another color of skin, should have toe same privileges and the same oppertuni- ties in lite as thly claimed for teeinselves. (Applause.) Alderman ROBERTS, in seconding the motion, said he would make a public confession that before that day he had never realised how vastly ignorant he was of the condition of things in India. They held the principle in their country that taxation and representation should ge together, and it seemed to him t be a most amazing fact that 300 millions of people should be taxed to the extent of millions a year without having the slightest voiee in the administration of the money taken out of it. (Hear. hear ) Mr. Niel' )ji had told him that the expense of the Colonial Office in London was borne by this country, but that the expense of the Indian Office was borne out of LAW!' revenue. That SB,lrred to him (Alderman Reteree) to be adding insult ta injury. It accrued to him to be the policy that the poorer the na- tion the more heavey was it taxed. It was cent° evi- dent that this condition of things could not no main- tained with seety to the great British Empire, and so much so that it seemed to him that this in atter was not a party question. It was above and beyond party. Both Lioeral and Conservative Gowerornents must have ben 'equally to blame, and he saw no reason, as he saw no reason why the Irish question should not be dealt with by both political parties—(hear, hear)—why in this question,ter eh! common safety of the Emp're,the heads of both parties sh )10 not consult to devise m lam for improving the present shameful condition of things (Applause.) If the ledians were not awarded their jest rights, military and civil, at some no distant dale they might have a tragedy far worse than the mutiny was. He hoped, however, that justice would be done, and that India would b the proudest possession of the Bri- tish Empire. (Applause.) The motion was heartily carried and Mr. Naoroji re- plied. Councillor Etoesole proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Crosfield for hie kindness in presieine.

. _ Councillor F. R. ROBERTS in 09con1in; the vote said he would have liked to have mac 3d a word upon the qulstion of India became h c' aim Id to have read up the subject and he had bleu gruatly interes-ed for many years on the Ind:an question and he hoped Mr. Naeroji would not think all the British people were iviorant about the state of India. Mr. 11')13,,rtg remarked that not very loro.g since, the " Spectator " had pined out our criminal policy with regard to. India. (Hear, hear and' applause), -

, The mating was then brntuTht t 9 a coacluiion.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE DLSTitaiiitloN AT THE LIBERIL CLUB.

The distribution of prizes to the winners in connection with the Ceristmas billiard handicap teok place at the Liberal Club on Saturday ev ming. Councillor Tinnioa presided in the absence of Mr. A. H. Cresield. Writine from Hoylake, Mr. Croafield said : "At the moment lam unluckily on the sick list and th faculty veto any evening eneagement of any kind for the next few days. lam sorry to say therefore it is impoegibte for me to go to the Club on Saturday evening. lam very disappointed at this. We always have a pleasant time at these social evenings, and jus no Liberals foregather under opl!,cially satisfactory circumstances. The outlook is more than promising. We all appreciate the strong, h Arty lal whieh Sir H. Carnpbell-Baneerrnan is giving us in the House, and already several times our oppo leeta nave been hard put to it there to defend an untena,ola p rsition—aspecia.lly on the opening day and last Fridav when their feeders w re frequently observed to" stumble, halt, and now and then sticklaet." Allusions to politics are not ruled out, at our social funetions, and so I had leoked forward to going and talking these matters over with our friends on Saturday evening, and i is a great disappointment to be prevented fr im doing So. Wishing you all a very pleasant time, however, ant coegratulating you on the increasing prosperity of the duo, and the winners on their sincess in the late Willard handicap." The Chairman distributed the prizes to the successful competitors and Councillor F. R. Reberts proposed a vote of thanks to the donor (Mr. A. 11. Crosfiell) and Councillor Tinnion for presiding.—Mr. George Walling- ton exended and the vote was carried most heartily. —Councillor Texteroet replying for Mr. Cresfleld, said he took a very great interest in the club, aed must have been greatly disappointed at not being abs to be pre- sent. As for himself (the speaker), he always en:lea- voured to do what he coull for toe club, and he hoped that little wou:d be more thin repaid in me.iag the insti- tucion go on ta further prosperity. (Applause.) Tue follewing is a list of the successtul cernottitere, and their prizes :-1, table centre piece, Thomas Pem- berton; 2, tea urn, Peter Johnson ; 3.cainteination case, A Thompson; 4, four cup egg frame, .1 Rigby ; 5, case of c trvers. Cane inghern; 6,tee p rt,W Stephens; 7,bsluir. box, G T Heaton ; 8, four b ttie cruare F R Rrberts; 9 ink stand,J 10,double jam dee], A Melyneaux; 11, butter dish, G Shaw ; 12, oak biscuit jar, A Green- halgh; 13, single jim dish. D Tianiorr ; 14, toast rack, S Jeffrey; 15, spirit flask, H Warburton; 16, breakfast cruet, G Grounds.

WA. It Itl-1,4 tif thy ,

. - - -.... -7. - ...

PE Rg 3NA.L.

The Rev. 1-1. Brierly, wi bleu curate of St. Paul's Churcb, Warrington, far several years, has been appointed stnior curate of christ Church, Ashton-unde r-Lvne.

Messrs. John Harrison and Junes Bolton were on Tuesday re-elected borough auditors. each has satisfactorily discharge' the alltiti3 for many years

COMING EVENTS.

At the Bor6l.ugh Gymnasium on Monday evening, the second annual school children's chill competi- tion and tug of war will bs held, Mr. D.Jones will preside. Teams from the following schools will compete :—St. Alban', St. Banedices (Orford-lane), St.Jamea' (Latchfor I),St. Mary's (Buttermarkat St.), St. Paul's, People's College, holy Trinity and Wycliff3. The proceedings will commence at 730. lADIRg MST GIACt? BOOTS LND stioas :UNDSR THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STRICSIC.—Advt. • CHOIR :•OCIAL, _ _

The St. Ann's Church Choir held an enjoyable social gathering on Monday evening. Toe Rev James Dtivies presidel. A vocil and instrumental programme was submitted, taksa part in by the members of the ehoir,who sang g!ess and Miss J Rtsay, Miss K Thomas, Mr W d Ireland, Mr Travis, the Misses M Randall, L White L Davies, and Ii Hartleys, and Master B Randall, W 11 Hornby, Mr C H Higgs, Miss Emmy Pooley, Miss I Hewitt. The accompanists wers Professor Ainslsy, Mr E K Denison, and Mr E A Podcaoce. During an interval refreshments were serve I, and an enjoyable evening was concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.

DEATH OF WARRINGTON'S OLDEST ODDFELLOW. The Warringtoti district of the Independent Or- der of Oddfellows (Nis.nctiester Unity) Friendly Society has lost its oldest member in the death of Mr. Peter IValker, of Latchford, at the ripe old age of 84 years. The deceased joined the Constitution Lodge, which is the oldest lodge in the district, in the year 1837, and had, therefore, been 62 years a member. Owing to enfeebled health he had not during recent years taken any active part in the lodge, of which he was a past grand, lie took part in the procession of Friendly Societies which was held in honour of hr Majesty's Diamond Jubilee in 1897, when Mr. Walker also celebrated his diamond jubilee in Oddfellowship.

LATCHF3RD GOOD TEMPLARS.

There was an open meting in connection wits the Bonehill Branch Lodge held in the Temperance flail, Knutsford-road, on Monday night, Bro. IL Blease (chief templar) presiding. The program*, consisting of songs, and recitations, WetS given by the juvenile templars, unaer the conductorship of Bro. Pearson. Mr. B. Walker (organist) accompany. ing the singing. An address was given by Coun. cillor Luke Ellison. Votes of thanks to those who had assisted in the programme were cordially passed, on the motion of Bro. Ditchfield, seconded by Bro. Cliffe.

HISTORIC SOCIETY OF LINCASHIRR AD CHESHIRE. At the seventh meeting of the 'session of this society Mr. J. Paul Rylands presided over a good attendance, of m-unhers and friends. The paper of the evening on "Farther discoveries at Veritinum was read by Mr. Thomas May, of Warrington, who began with a description of the sits and various sections and cuttings made, A large number of specimens of Samian ware, bearing potters' marks, embossed pottery, coins, bones, calcined wheat, quern, &c, were exhibited ; and also a descriptiors given of many objects now in the Warrington Museum.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO AN ODDEELLOW.

The Loyal Friendship Lodge, No. 1687 ...of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows War- rington District, held its fortnightly meeting at the Green Dragon Inn, Bridge-street, on Monday, where there was a good ettendance of offie.b.ers and brethern inc'uding P.P.G. A.'s Loagshaw and Bran* hall, and P G.'s Wilson, Wood, Johnson, Daniels, Smith and Burgess (secretary), N.G. rhomas Litt= in the chair, V.G. Joseph Johnson in vice-Chair. Brother Bramhall presented a beautifully framed emblem of the Order to P.G.Jamas Smith,for services rendered to his Lodge, Bro Smith suitably respon- hag. A discussion wai opened by Bro. Bramhall on the question of purchasing a banner for the district, it being the unanimous opinion that the delegates to the next district meeting should do their utmost to bring the matter to a satisfactory conclusion. ,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON FROGS.

" Frogs " was the subjeat ot a lantern lecture de- livered in the People's C3llege, on Tuesday even- ing in connection with the evening continuation classes, by Mr. E. Lowe, of the Museum. The lan- ternist was Mr. Hail, headmaster. Mr. Lowe said. the life of the frog was a very remarkable one. He explained the differences between the frog, the toad, acid the newt; they all had a back bon, but neither of them had ribs. They all belonged to the same family,and went under the name of batra- chians or amphibians. In concluding, he said he hoped that now when his hearers were walking by ponds, &c., they would think of the many livts that were being spent there, and take an interest in them.

VEHICLI3 LAMP.3,—To comply with the new

Boroagh Bye-Laws. Lowost pries.—I. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington. MEETINGS OP SPIRITUALISTS.

Mrs. Porter, of Patricrott, o3cupied the platform of the Academy-street Temperance Hall on Sunday and was greeted by good audiences. The subject•EK the afternoon address was "Life here and life be- yond." In the evening, as a "lesson," the President read an article entitled "What the Bible teaches concerning the unseen world," appearing in a local church "Parish Nlagazine,;' which bore out Mrs. Porter's remarks in the afternoon, and said that al- most every word might well have appeared in a Spiritualist organ, but that doubtless in such a paper it would not meet with the same acceptance as in an orthodox magnine,. On Monday evening Mrs. Porter gave an address on "Who was Jesus Tle speaker urged a more complete following of the example sec. us in His life. Du-ing the meeting several elairvoyant and psychometric demanstra- i tious were given.

CHINA TEA. SERVICES, Dinner Services, TolTet and Trinket Sets. CheAnest honse.—J. S. IikRLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, Bride-street, Warrington. VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT AT PARR HALL.

Oa Tuesday, Viredneslay and Thursday evenings, Warrington people had opportunities of seeing the *ell-known; Barger family in their entertainment at Parr Hall. The family are certainly clever and provide an excellent entertainment, yet, Mr. John Barger is indisputably the chief attraction. His vi-n-riloquial sketches are fine examples of their kind, and are given without any artificial aids. His chief site,ch is one in which he personates a rail- way guard and alters his voice to suit the different passengers he is supposed to be conversing with.' This was a complete success. His rapid changes and impersonations all combined to make hie visit to the town, one to be remembered. The sons, To and Norman. also gave some excellent" turns." Young Mr. Toni is a promising comedian, and Mr. Norman Barger was highly applauded for eccentric comic songs and high kicking. Miss Beta Barger sang some capital songs, and pleased the audience her skipping rope and skirt dance. Mrs Bar- ger accompanied on the piano with ability, and played one or two solos with good effect. The visit has been a pleasurable one, and is an example of a Variety performance without vulgarity. PUBLIC BENRFIT U ,DER THE CLOCK ran BEST BOOTS IN LA.NCaSIIIRE. -Advt LECTURE ON "MARRIAGE."

A large number of young men gathered in the Part Will on Sunday evening, to hear the conclud- ing lecture in the social purity movement, inaugu- rated by Mr. A. ILNlirindle,secretary of the Warring- ton f.M.C.A. The full attendance must have been very gratifying to the lecturer. and was in itself an evidence of the need for the lectures. For the third time, the Rev. J. Francis Matthews presided, and, after devotional exercises, he addressed the meet- ing. The reverend gentleman pointed out that Mr. Windt..., was announced to deal with the subject of " etarriage,” and it :night strike some of them ae somewhat curious that an unmarried man, such as the lecturer should attempt to deal with a subject that only married men could adequately treat. However, Mr. Wiadle intended 'to deal with the physical aspects of marriage, and, judging from the way in which the previous subjects had been dealt with, there was no doubt that they would all leave that pace greatly benefited by that. night's address. He went on to remark that as young men required their future wives to come to them in ell the ful- -1 ness of purity, to women had a right to insist that the men of their choice, instead of being washed , out debauches and roue3 should be persons of like purity to themselves.—The Lecturer, who was warmly greked, stated that. although it might be urged that, as an unmarried man, he was not the person to deal with such a subject as marriage, yet , when they came to consider the matter carefully,. ( they would see that that fact was no bar to his efforts to enlighten them. When they were seized with any serious malady they did not argue he to the doctor's qualifications to deal with the disease before they accepted his services. The phases of the subject which he should treat were such that every man, before he married, ought to know, and he was surely qualified to speak on those top;ce Ile went en to show that if people wanted healthy offspring, the parents themselves must be healthy, an Ihe pointed out that the children of healthy parents had naturally the best chances of life, as compared with the ering of less robust people. The cry was" educate,"" educate," but all , the education in the world would not suffice to ; make amends for the physical and moral defects of ' puny children. Jr, therefore, rested with young men to see to it that they so conducted themselves in their early moneood as to ensdre, in the event of their marriage, healthy descendants, and theslee- turer urged his bearers te self-control, and to the avoidance of everything in the way of food and drink that would tend to stimulate t isir amatory propensities. He briefly alluded to the abuses of the married state, and said that his desire was to elevate their theughte floin sensual things to those of a higher nature, and he trusted that the lebtares would be the means of increasing their regard for their own body, of enligh:eniug teem as to its inactions, and of helping them to have greater con- sideration for the loveliest of God's handiwork— woman. It ought to be mentioned that throughout the lectures the organ was ably presided over by Mr. B. Wadsworth.

S. CLEMENT'S v. LA.TCHFORD.— Playel at St. Clement' a oa Monday. Wins. S. CLEMENT'S. Draws . L kTCHFORD. Wins. 1 T B Forbes.. 1 J Hatnblett 0 W Jones 0 Potter, .................. ..... 2 1 R Asskill 2 F Harter 2 T Hibbort 1 1 J Hall 1 0 3ft Wills

ASK or CUNNINGdiI.t4 MINICIAL WATERS —Advt 5.41,11 NOV PROCEEDING : " Exceptional oppor- tunity." JAckets. Mantles, Millinery, Dresses &c., Scc., at less than half price.—W. T. WlLLiams, 74, Sankey- ktreet, Watrington. UNDER THE CLOCK FOB GCOD BOOTS.—Advt.

TO RENIENII3EttED.. GWILYM EVA.NS' QUIN; INE 13ITT.ERS Has now been established over a Quarter of a Century, and is Tho Leadinz Tonic Me leine of Ph Day, and has no equal for N ORVOUSNESS, W KN EISS C 1-ILBT AFFBCTIO NS. PALPITATION OF THE 1-113111i.T. INDIGESTION, LlVLift COMPLAINT, INFLUENZ Hte. to.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
GWIL.YSI EVINS' QUININE BITTERS.

This Preparation does not prole 33• t 4 cure in five minutes far the first dose but claims that it will speedily relieve, and many cases effect a cure upon a fair trial IY,ing given. GVVILYM EVINS QUININE BIT MRS

Has stood the test, and is aeknov4edged by Patents to be The Best, liemely of the Age. G WILYM EVAN QUININE BITTERS

Is purely vezetable. Dies not contain Mercury, lodine of Potassium. or any injurious drti4. 6-WILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

Is a Pharmaceutical Preparatinq of the high2at excellence, and is accurately an I scientifically prepared, no expense being spared in its manufactur3 and preparation. GWILYNI EVAN3' QUININE BITrERS.

Do not be persuaded t 3 try other preparations because they Contain a larger qu intitv. Valuable medicines like other commodities, the greater their purity and excellence the higher their value and price. GWILYM EVA.NS' QUININE BITTERS.

The great success of this Medicine has caused many imita- tions. Do not purchase any other preparation, but insist upon having the Original and only Genuine Preparation. - GWILYM EVANS' QUININE METERS.

See the name " Gwilym Evans ' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Without which, none is genuine.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Bold eveywhere in bottles, 23. 91. and 4s. 6d. each.

SOLE PROPRIETORS:

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING

COMPANY, LIMITED, LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. In bottles at 23. 9d. and 43. 6d. Sold everywhere. THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE.

Recommended by Physicians, Analysts. and Chemist for Indigestion. Affections ef the Chest. Nervous Disorders. Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits and Debility. It, Is unanimously aimitted by all who have given it a fair trial to be the best tenie medicine ever vet introduced.

Bead the following Testimonials : INDIGESTION.-1 Dolwyddelen, Gentlemen.— I am 'pleased to say that I have derived great benefit from the use Of GWILYINI EVANS QUININE BITTP RS. I suffered from In- dirtestion, which caused great pain in my stomach, drowsi- ness, low spirits, and indi‘position for work or any exertion. Having heard GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS highly praised, I resolved to try them, and I am now free from pain light-hearted, and in good spirits, and can do my work much better than formerly,

Yours gratefully, JOHN THOMAS.

WEAKNESS.—" 41, Potter's Hill. Ashton, Birmingham Dear Sir.—A few weeks ago I received one of your pamphlets. and found that one of the testimonials describes what I suffer from, viz., Great Weakness and pains in my Back and Side. I have been under treatment in two hespitals bat can get no lasting benefit. I have tried Patent Medicines • but they seem to weaken me rather than give me strength. After reading your pamphlet, I !esolved to try the "Quinine Bitters." I have now taken three bottles, and have derived great benefit. When I commenced taking them I could not stand upright with the pains in my back and sides, but now I am glad to say that those pains are gone, and I can walk with ease. I feel stronger and my appetite is improving My wife, who suffered-much from bad Liver, seeing the benefit I had received from the " Bitters" takes it as well, and finds it does her more good than any medicine she ever took.—Yours faithfully,

W. LA.NU.

NERVOUSNESS.-50, Libra Road, Roman Road, Bow. Lortuort, B. SlR.—Please send me another 4s. 6d. bottle of EI•WILTsa V.vAins' QUININE BITTERS. I have been suffering fr6m nervousness and ,iebility and have tried many remedies before, but. have never know a specific so remarkabie in its effects as GWILTM EVANis' QUININE BITTERS. It s"ems to build up the exhausted nervons system by a slow cumulative process, which imparts force and vitality to all the organs of life, I consider it of inestimable value to all nervous sufferers.

Yours, &C.,

M. J. VAUGHAN.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

At this season of the year no one should be without it, A Course taken now will be invaluable in giving tone to the system, new life to the Wood, and in bracing the nerves. Avoid imitations. Remember that none are genuine except GWILTM EVANS' Quinine Bitters. See the name Gwilym Evans on label, stamp. and bottle, Sho, Id any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, write to the Proprietors, who will forward it per return parcels post, carriage paid to any address. PROPRIETORS-QUININE BITTERS

MANUFACTURING COMPANY, LIMITED,

LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

AN lINIIAPPY MARRIED LIFE

At the Warrington Borough Poice Court, on Friday, before the Mayor (chairman), and other magistrates, John Henry Lea was charged with committing an aggravated assault on his wife Eiizabeth Lea, on January 29th.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for the complainant, and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkinq reprrsented the defendant.— Mr. Browne said the parties were married in 1891. Last Sunday fortnight when the assault was committed the defendant had been out all day. Complainant, who had been to her mother's, returned about 20 minut-s past 10 o'clock, and he came in the house drunk. -After she bad gone to bed he gave her a thump in the eve and said he would take her money. He struck her and gave her two black eyes. When she tried to prevent him he Struck her about the body FO that she had to go to a docter.—Mrs. Lea bore out her solicitor's statement. —By Mr. Browne: He had slept with a pruning knife under his pillow and threatened to kill her with it.—Mrs Maddock, Clegg-street, and Mrs Annie Flannigan also gave evidence.—The defendant who elected to give evidence said he wao sober when he came home about 10.30 and his wife did not come in until 12 o'clock. She got the black eyes and bruises by strug- gling with the lamp and the fender with him, but he did not strike her.—Mr. Jenkins submitted that the wife had brought those quarrels about by her temper.—Tne magistrates found there had been an aggravated assault and fined defenthnt 10; and costs or in default 7 days. —Evidence was then given for a separation 'order which was granted with the custody of the children and 93. per week.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART SENTENCE ON A BRUTE.

_ At the Warrington B9rough Pollee Court on Saturday, before Mr. Geddes (in the chair), and other maeistrates, Benjamin Hallam, brusbmaker, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Scotland-road on Friday night at 11 o'clock, with exposing himself, and also with assaulting John Marriott Moore.—Miss Clara Conway gave evidence, and said stoe made a complaint to • Mr. Moore her brother-in-law. She sa w the prisoner get hold of the latter by the throat, and say he would "hold him until he (Moore) was dead."—Jsmes Marriott Moore, florsemarket-street, raid he accused the prisoner after he received the complaint, and the prisoner took him by the throat. Witness told him then he would give him in charge, and an officer coming up with difficulty released him from prisoner.— P.C. Muskett said on the way to the police station the prisoner was very rough and endeavoured to break away from him to get hold of the previous witness.— The Chief Constable said prisoner told him he belonged to Liverpool and had only been in Warrington a few months, and also said he had been a so:dier in the Royal Horse Artillery.—The bench committed prisener for three months' hard labour for the two first cherges, and fined him 53 and costs for b:ing drunk and disorderly, the fine being paid. A STAGE STRUCK SERVANT GIRL. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, before Alder- man Sutton and other magistrates, Alice Meese, 126, Greenall's-avenue, a domestic servant employed by Councillor Smethurst, 4, Bewsey-road, was charged witn stealing, on February 10th, a lady's gold watch and chain, two gold lines, and 253. in money.—Prisoner pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said this was a somewhat extraordinary, not to say a painful cel,e. The girl was 15 years of are, and the jewellery she stole belonged to Miss Smethurst, and the money to 'Councillor Smethurst. At the beginning of this month prisener as temp,orarily employed as a domestic servant, the regular servant being away. She remained at the house tea days. On the 9th February, at 11 p.m., Miss gnvehurst wound up her gold watch, to which was attached a gold chain, and she gave it to the girl to take to her bedroom that she might be able to know the time to get up the following morning. At four o'clock on the afternoon of the 10th February prisoner was missed, and Miss Smethurst visit.d her bedroom and found that her watch had also disappeared. Miss Smethurst communicated with the girl's mother. Subsequently the fact was revealed that 25 had been taken from Mr. Snoethurst's bedroom, and that articles to the value of 15 had been taken. The girl NV.IS traced to Liverpool on Saturday, and Superintendent Mon aghan, who met her, told her she would be charged with having stolen

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the NIMIC AN HATE RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly eautifu!, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d er bettle.— Advt•

To TiloTszita.—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to talte : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of al Chemists is. 10. per bottle.— itdvt.

When asking for Cocoa, insist, on having CADBURYS.--SO only ha Packets and Tins RS other COCOAS aze often eubst tuted for the sake of extra p rofit,,—Acht (1)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ertain jewellery and money. At first she denied hay ing stolen anything but the wat3d and chain, which sh was wearing at the time. She subsequantly admitted having stolen one ring, and at last she admitted every- thing. and Said she had sold one ring to a man on a ferry-boat. She employed a good dell of her time in going to New Brighton. She had, as a matter of fact, sold the ring to a man on a boat, an i Superintendent Monaghan followed him to Egramont. The man told the officer that he gave 6d. for it; but he said he did not know it was gold. Prisoner was the daughter of exceedingly respectable people, and her conduct up to recently had been Ba,,,isfactnry. She had lately de- veloped stage fever, and her p (rents could not keep her away from theatrical people. Hr time at Liverpool was spent in a theatrical lodging-hous-., and she informed the proprietors that she had lrea engaged to play at the Liverpool theatres. Mr. SmethurEr hal no desire to press the case, and if the magistrates could 838 their way to bind her over to come up for judraent if called upon a home would be found for her.—Prisoner stated she was sorry for what she had done, and she would not commit another theft.—The lt,tv. S. P. Gray, curate-in- charge of St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, said he knew the girl. She belonged to the Girls' Club in con• neation with the church, and he would like to emphasize the fact that she belonged to a raspectable family, who were bitterly grieved with the occurrence.—rhe magis- trates bound prisoner over to come up for judgment if called upon during the next six numbs, and requested Mr. Taylor, police court missionary, to find a home for her.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A CAB PRIPRIETOE A.ND His CONVEYANCES

At the Warrington Borough police Court on Monday morning before Alderman Sutton (in the chair)and other magistrates, Edward Connor, cab and 'bus proprietor, Sankey-street, was charged with wilfully obstructing the free passage of the thoroughfares in King-street, Mill-street, Golborne-street,and Mount-street, by placing a number of cabs and 'buses on them. The defendant was represented by his son.—P.C. Sankey said the offence was committed on Sunday, the 12th inst. The vehicles remained in the street two hours. He had pre- viously warned Mr. Connor about the obstruction, but no notice was token of it, ex:sept that he said .4,91Ve might as well close the yard if we cat not leave the vehicles in the street."—The Chief Constable said he was very reluctant to prosecute a respectable resident like Mr. Connor, but he was obliged to do so owine to the large number of complaints which had been received about the ob,truction in the streets named. He did not press for a heavy penalty.—Mr. Conner jun., said that whnn his father removed to Crown-street,which he would do in the course of a few months, there would be no further cause for cempleint. The day its question was an exceedingly busy one with them,as thy had no fewer than 15 funerals. They had receive] comelaints them- selves about the obstruction from the congregation of Held-street Chapel. They could not remedy the matter at present. —The Chief Constable : Once for all, Mr. Connor may take it that he will not be allowed to ob- struct the streets.—A fine of 103 and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROU,IR POLICE COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman). Alderman Roberts

Councillor Smethurst and Mr. James Repherd. AN ABRUPT ENTRY INTO A SHlP.—Frank Williams. 4, Williamson's-square, wts charged with being drunk and dis- orderly the previous day.—Sergeant Bell said he was in Bridge-street at 3 33 when Mr. Lord from Lord Bros., came to him and asked witness to get defendant's name and ad- dress as he had fallen into his ebop door and broken a stand. Defendant refused to give his name and address and he was obliged to take hint into custody as he was abusive.—The bench fined defendant ss. and costs or seven (14Vs. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY —Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (Town Clerk), applied for temporary aathority on behalf of the Cor- poration to sell at the Feathers Hotel as Mr. Starkey was leaving.—Granted. MoNuay.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), Alderman Blackhurst, Councillor Shaw Green, Councillor Smethurst, Mr. T. Birchall. and Mr. Wright.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—The following were fined for these offences :—James Doyle, Crown-street. ss; Thomas Burke, 104. Pierp3int-street,,los and costs ; Annie Grey, 55 and costs; George Billing3by, 5s and costs; Mary Fisher. 5s including costs ; John Kelly, 5s and costs ; Jane Kelly, dis- ch,rged. AN UNIIWZZLED 00G.—John William Johnston, Folly-lane charged with allowing a dog to be at large unmuzz:ed in Winwick-str9et, on the 14th February, was fined is includ- ing costs. Funious DIMINO.— Frederick Kiernan, Patten Arms Hotel, was charged with furiously riding a bay cob in Museum-strest,—P.O. Whittaker stated that the defendant was riding at the rate of 14 miles an hour in Museum-street. Mr. Kiernan was very indignant when spoken to,—Mr. Browne who renresent3d the defendant, said the pony had not been out for some time, and directly it got on the soft ground in Musedm-street, it went off at full gallop, and the defendant was unable to pull up until he reached the Old Barracks. It was impossible to hold the animal In—The magistrates accepted the explanation,and fined the defendant n the costs only, TUENDA.Y.—Beore fMr. B. Garnett (chairman). Councillor Shaw Green, and Mr. Thomas Birchall.

" SHP: MIGHT As WELL."—Jane Moore was chargei withi being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street at a quarter to twelve tin previous night.— She replied in answer to the qUestion "guilty or not guilty ?" " I might as. well, as I know you will ne4,belião me if I say not guity."—P.C.'s Rylatt and Bruen proved the clsa.—The Chief Coastal:l'A said the pri.oaer came from fluidersfield.—The prisoner ac- cepted the magistrates alternative of going to gaol for seven days.

RUNCORN PET FY SESSIONS. MONDAY-13efore Messrs. F. J. Norman (in the chair), and W. Timmins.

THE CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR.— The Rev. Joseph Osborne Congregational Manse, Runcorn, applied for a certificate of exemption from vaccination for his child Catherine Miriam born on the 26th of November last. He stated that he nad conscientious objection to his child being vaccinated, as he considered vaccination would be dangerous to the child's health.—The Bench g-anted the application. HER 66ne APPEARANCE.—Cath.rine McConn, a well- known character, made her 66th appearance before the Bench, this time on two charges of drunk, and The officer who proved the case stated the offences were committed on tha 18th. and following days of the current month.—Defendant said it was se. She expressed sorrow at the occurrence, and assured the Bench if leniently dealt with she would not repeat the offence.—The Beneh consi- dered the case wonli be met with a month's imprisonment. 14 days for each offence. DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT IN THE STREETS.—Mary White, was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment Jor indecency in Pigs-lane, Runcorn. on the. 15th February.—John Woodward for aiding and abetting was fined be and Re 6,i costs. or 14 days.—The cases were proved by P.O Jr. Wilson. AN INFLUX OF BEGGARS —Rdward Clarke. Henry Clarke (plate riveters), Daniel Taylor (3t. Helens). and John Kill- garen (pedlar) were all arraigned for begging,—tll pleaded not guilty, but the eases were proved by Police Constables Gregory and Bowyer. aed Sereeant Brew iter. The latter stated that Killgaran had admitted the offence that very metnine: when being escorted to the lavatory for the purpose of washing.—The Bench committed the thee first named to /orison for seven days, but gave Kingman the benefit of the doubt.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS.

WP:DYESDA.Y.—Before Messrs. A. Thomas (pre?iding), and G.

C. Taylor.

DRUNK AND REMTNING TO QlTlT.—Ralph Miller. FrOCIShAM Bridge. was charged with beinq: drunk on licensed premise on the 4th of Fehruarv.—?.o. Price stated he saw the defendant at the bar of the Bridge Inn. Frodsham He wss drink, witness said to him "I think you have had enough," and asked him to leave. Defendant refused, and can-ed con- siderable trouble. The landlord had refused to serve Win.— Defendant who pleaded guilty was fined 5s and 83 6rl costs. Dauns AND Pnor A.NE.—Robert Garner. Otrlrch street, Fradsharn, was summoned fo- being drunk in Garner's-lane, on the tth inst.—P.C. W•tgg (4) ssid he found the defendant there in a very drunken state, He used most disgranefal language Witness took him home —fillfendant pleaded gnilty.—Saperintendent isTield said the defetraant had been several times previously before the court, the last time was only so recent as Lae. mentn.—Fined 5s and 8s 61 costs.

DEFRAUDING THE RAILWAY CoMPINIES.— Ann Clarke, an aged woman. residing at Dunham Hid, was summoned et the instance of Inspictor Thom ,s Kennett (of the London and Great-Western Joint Railways) for. on the 26th of JanuarS% unlawfully travelling on the Companies' lines without having paid her fare. and with intending to avoid pal. ment.—Wr. Fenna (Chester) soliciter to the Companies promoted, and defendant pleaded Fanna stated that the fare in question was but a small amohnt, vet the offence was a somewhat ingenious one. The modue operanii appeared to be that the defeeriant when at Hfelsby took two tickets one to Frod.ham and the other to Dunham Hill—where she really lived. This she did oat about 5 minutes after the other. Suspicion being aroused by the repeated double boo'cings a watch was kept noon her, and it was found that she travelled to Frodsham, and name back finally getting out at Dunham Hill on her retarn from Frodsia.m. Thus she travelled from Frorisharn to Helsby without paying her fare. He was justified he thought in saying it was not the first time it had been done, and it looked clearly as if some one had put her no to P.--s the defendant admitted the offence no evidence was taken.-43. fi 19 of 103 and 83 6d casts or 14 days in de- fault was inflicted. —The money was paid.

SERIOUS FARM FIRE AT BURTONWOOD,- £6OO DAMAGE.

Shortly before nine o'clock on Tuesday night. in- formation was received by telephone at the Fire Brigade Station at Warrington that a fire had broken out on the premises of Mr. Albert Sikhs w, , " I'th' Fields" Farm, Buttonwood. Superintendent Turner,the en,gineer,and a number of men promptly started for the scene of the conflagration, tsking with them the steam fire engine Major. On reach- ing the farm they found, that a dutch barn, con- taining several stacks of bay, corn, and straw, and an adjoining stack of hay were in flames. A plenti- ful supply of water was at hand and the firemen quickly got to work. Fortunately, a strong wind. wag blowing from the direction Gf the farm build- ings, otherwi4e they would have been placed in jeopardy, as the fire had got a good hold. The principal work of the firemen was directed towards savinz a couple of hay-stacks in close proximity to the barn. Only one stack however, was saved. The damage, which is covered by insurance,is estimated at between £5OO and £6OO.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUCIBY FOOTBALL.

ORICKHTER3 BUSSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the grandest made. BUSSEY'S New Match Bails retain their shape, and last longer than any other. BUSSEY'S Leg Guards are esceptionally good. J3E/I3la's Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUSSEY'S Bags are matte to wear. BUSSEY'S Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d. Apply for BUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters, or 36 & 33.. Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories: Peck- ham, London; and Blmswell, Suffolk. —Advt. (3)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASTIIR,E SENIO It COUPETITION.

WARRINGTON PERFORM POORLY AT ST. HELENS. Warrington took soaechine like a thousand sup- porters to St. Helens on Saturlay,and out of that theu- sand there were few not absolutely confluent of vt-,ory for the visitors. After the improvement manifested in the team of late, and the molerate performances by St. Helens. the expectation seemed justifiable. The result, however, told a different tale entirely. Warrington were unfortunate in having to take the fiele without the speediest of their threequarters,Harris,who was un- able to get his permit from the Northern Union. Cross filled the vacancy, Iseerwoed playing on the wing. There were about 3,000 spectators on the ground, a record gate for St. Helens this season. The weather was fine, but rather too warm for football, and the soft, heavy state of the ground did not make the game any more enjoyable from a player' poiet of view. Mr. H. Eagle: was the referee, and the teams turned out as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Isherwood. Cross, C. Wood, and Fish, thre.querters ; Bate and Ashurst, half backs; faylor, Naylor, Swift, Morrison, Fairhurst Beardman, Seholtze, and Sudlow, forwards. St. Helens : Foulkes, full back; Liversage, Barnes, Doherty. and Hunter, threeq earters ; Stott, and B evle, half backs ; Simpson, Whitely, Thompson, Carney, Dale Briers, Winstanley, and Reynolds, forwards. Taylor started the game for Warrington, who were soon on the attack and scrimmaged in the home half. Bate and Aeleurst got away, the latter passing to Wood who made a desk, only to be promptly upset. Good forward work by St. Helens compelled Warring- ton to retire to their own half, Hunter taking a pass from Boyle and gaining ground. Hallam ' was hard pressed but made a grand mark in the thick of his opponents. Stott and Briers nearly broke terough the home defence,lsherwood coming to the rescue with a clinking dribb'e to centre. Play was exceedingly, fast, both teams putting in a lot of hard work. Boyle !bunted from touch and the ball was again nearly carried over the Warrington line, Fairhurst saving pluckily. Bad kicking by Cross again let Warrington down, St. Helens pressing severely, one of the forwards crossing the War- , rington line ac toe whistle soencled. Stott made a dash for the line but was held by Hallam. Teen Warrington were penalised for informality at the scrummage, and Foulkes kicked an easy goal. Warringtoa rallied again and forced St. Helens back,. but faulty passing by Bate ma le no headway. It was now noticei that Bate was lame, and shortly after he left the game, remaining on the touch-line until the in- terval: Fairhurst took nis place behind the scrimmage. A clear punt by Morrison carriel play to the St. Helens line, but the homesters soon cleared. A flying punt sant the ball past Hallam, and an exciting race for the line ensued, the Warrington full-back winning and kicking dead at the critical moment. Warringten's play de- teriorated a lot, and the pace slackened. Boyle got away from the scrimmage and was going well for the line when Hallam upset trim. Scrambling OAF in front of the eiVar- ringtoa goal enued in Boyle picking up and drop- ping the ball jus: over the cross bar. A fine effort was mule by Liversege. which Fairhurst cheeked. and then on the other wing Hunter not away, and kicking clear of Hallam raced up / an) sowed a good try far out. Barnes made a poor attempt at goal. Ha 'l.--erne arrived with the score reading : St. Helens, 2 goals one try, Warrirgton, nil. Carney kicked off on resuming, and five minutes had not elapsed before Stott secured, and dodg- ing Wood literally walked over between the posts, and Foulkes kicked an easy goal. To say the _St. Helens people were delighted doei not nearly express their feelings. Bate resumed play,but still kept Fairhurst an an odd Ten out. Warrington played hard and soon showed that they were not done with. Wood secured the ball, punted into the home half,where Hunter received only to be overhauled by Fish. Cross spoiled a nice openene for leher wood. Keeping up the the attack, Ashuret and Isherwood mad passing ran, and should have snored, but failed at the critical mo- ment. Still the odds seemed to be on Waraitegtoa obtain- ing some reward for their exertions, and eventually tney got it. Ashurst passed out to Wood at the 25 line, and the latter sent on to Fish who put on top speed and scored a grand try in the corner with a host of opponents round him. Hallam failed at goal. Warringtoa still kept up the attack, Sett and Liverseee altering the aspect of the game with a combined mpvemeot which was well stopped by Hallam. Isherwoed made a corresponding effort whicn came to nought. Warrington had rather the best of it to the close, but were met by a strong defence. Fish played prominently and well. The finish came with St. Helens the winners ot a hard game by 3 goals, 2 tries (12 points) to Warriaeton one try (3spoints.) RUNCORN DEMORALISE WIDNES. • Saturday was the date, arid few there be that will for- get it 1 lrwell-lane was she scene. In the presence of a record gate (8,000) Runcorn and Widnes met for the second time this seasen ; on the first occasion at Widaes Runcorn, whom it will be remembered were passing through a most trying crisis, were d,fettee by 10 points to nil. Well, things were slightly reversed and at the conclusion of a exciting exhibitien, Widnes returned crestfallen " e'er the Bridge " simply demeralised ; and methinks 'twill be a long time before they will sing o'er the " lionets " again. The following were the teams ; Ruecorn : S Howe hton, back ; C Butterworth, Butterworth,T Warder, and T Williainson,three-quarters J Faulkner, and J halves ; A Taylor, Langley, H Farmer, S W alker, R Reece, F Geyter, W Lightfoot, and Darlington, forwards. Widnes: Beteg, bick ; Peacock, Nevitt, Rispan, and Martin, three-quarters ; Dmelas, and Murphy, halves ; Heslop, Emery, Aspey, Donnelly, Leysnon, Handley, Hampson, and Thomas. forwards. Farmer commenced the battle, Betey returning with a huge kick. Offside against Runcorn gave VViines a temporary advantage. Ruecorn forwards nicely wheeled the scrum, but J. Butterworth was held just as he at- tempted to sprint off. A penalty taken by Farmer was charged down. Houghton tried a drop only missing narrowly. Widnes replied. J. Jolley sent them back again with as smart a piece of work as could be desired. Martin had an opening but nothing accrued ; Houghton sweeoine him into touch before he got elaneerous. deem gained ground and for a time Widnes pressed, the ball being eventually touched down by Houghton before Martin could reach it. Nevitt, Rispan and Martin in- stituted a creditable passing movement which ended in t ,uch. Houghton relieved with a capital mark which Walker, Darlington and Taylor followed up too vigor* ously to please the visitors, and right glad they were of the relief afforded by a free-kck. Runcorn pressed land serum followed scrum in close proximity to the Widnes line. Faulkner aided to the excitement by passing swiftly to J. Butterworth and the la' teres drop caught the upright. Jolley followed with another brilliant attempt. Going strongly T. Warder' Williamson, Wilkinson and Faulkner fairly swarmed the line and the Widnes defence was taxed. T. Martin gained ground but Runcorn soon returned. Another superb passing bout initiated by Fanlkner, re- sulted in C Butterworth getting away finely along the extreme right. Ba-,ey gathered him in however. A free kick by fl Farmer was but a poor effort. A scrummaee under the Widnes posts proved exciting and Bitey had to touch dead. AF- -I”,y was useful, and gave a fine if' somewhat rough account of himself,aceompliehlneeieveral useful catches. Jolley picked up fr one a five yards scrum, and only just reiseee the upright. Bo tterworth awl Taylor rapidly folowei up, the former scoring a try amidst tremendous excitemen`. Farmer kicked fo7 a goal, but the ball never left the floor. Runeorn pressed continu- ally for the remainder of the first moiety, and just be- fore the interval Heuehton put in an excellent run. Half-time :—Runcorn one try; Widnes, nil. Widnes opened the second half, and scrummages resul- ted in the Rune/ire half. Walker got away with foot- work and Widnes were hard pressed. Peacock was smarly held by T. Warier, and things were anything but rosy fir the Widneeians, until Risptn made a successful mark. Shortly afterwards Jollee got his ribs injured through colliding hi:molly with Martin, and was carried off the field. Gayter took his place at half. Widnee showed up for a few moments, hut gradually the home team began to make things warm and were soon over the line, Ratey saving by kicking dead. J. Faulkner secured and sustained a nlee for off-side. Receivine fre•n the heels of his pack Faulkner made a lone pass to Williamson who dropped a beautiful goal. This success was greeted with a fran- tic cheer. Aeney ma le a capital run gaining great ad- vantage, which wail further improved by Batev. Widnes began to show signs of giving in. Then Houghton's charee was endaneere 1. Butterworth, however,effected a marvellous clearance. Later Wiene3 improved their position a little,though J Butterworth once more averted danger with a dexterous mark. Following came the brightest piece of the day's play. Faulkner receive 1, passed to Jimmy Bir terwrirh who sent onto his brother Charlie. The latter made an extraordinary effort and racing over scored one of the finest tries ever seen on the Irwelnlane enclosure. Farmer again failed to convert. The game had hardly got going again before J. Faulkner milled another try, and once again Farmer failed to improve. The brothers Butterworth then had a fino time of it with Martin. lennenrn had matters much as they liked, and Widnes were fairly awl squarely ,beaten at the call of no-side by Runcorn who scored one goal. 3 tries (11 pointe), Widnes. nil.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH v. RUNCORN

This match, which had to be postpmed on January 28 owinF.,, to the keen frost, was played at Leigh on Tues- day afternoon, before 1,300 spectators. Considerable interest was taken in the game, as it is highly probable the teams will have to meet again at L3igh on March 25 in the second round of the cup ties. Unfortunately Runcorn had some of their men disabled in the Widnes match on Saturday, and Nixon (half back) and Forster (full back) had to take the places of Jolley and Hough- ton. Leigh tuned out their full strength. Molyneux startld for Leila. and after a temporary visit to the home end by tbe Runcorn forwards play settled down in the visitors' half, when several well-concerted passing movements wen neutralised by the effective tackling of the Runcorn backs. Dunbavin and Davies each tried long drops at goal without success, and then Runcorn were penalised, and Molyneux, with a magnificent drop from near the centre line, obtained the first goal for Leigh. Subsequimtiv Runcorn had to act chiefly on the defensive, and though the Leigh forward fre- quently gave their backs the ball the tackling was too strong to admit of the line being crosqsl, and at the in- terval Leigh lei by two points to nothing. On resum- ing Runcorn exhibited great dash, and by splendid pass- ing and cross-kicking k ,pt Leigh on the defensive some time, J. Butterworth, after a sharp sprint.being stopped near the line. The same player shortly afterwards only just failed to drop a goal. Leigh then rallied,and the for- wards overwhelmed the Runcorn eight and attacked vigorously. A try was lost through kicking too hard when near the line, but a moment later Smith made his mark in a good plsitton, and though the wind was dead against him. Molyneux kicked a splendid goal. Leigh afterwards had the b3tter of matters, and won their last home competition match this season lisy two goals (four paints) t) nothing.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
S VINTON v. STOCKPORT.

Swinton had the best of this match, at home, winning easily by three goals and six tries to one try. Messer (two), Valentino (two), Hampson, and Pears4n were the winners' try-getters. while Sands scored for Stockport.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. SALFORD.

A great crewd witnessed this match at Oldham. Law- ton (two), Wi'fitful and Martin obtained tries for the home fifteen, Teller landing a goal. Result—Oldham one goal and four tries, and Salford nil._

'BROUGELTON RiNGERS v. TYLDESLEY.

A win by three goals to Ml for the Rumen was the re- sult of this match at Broughton. Chapman scored two goals and Duck one.

WIGAN v. MORBOAMBE

Great interest was centred in this game at Wig an where the home team managed to win by a try (Tim• ney) to nil.

LEIGH v. ROCHDALE HORNErS.

A good game vzas witnessed at Leigh, and the result was a well-earned win for the local team by four goal s ta a try.

'YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

LEEDS PARISH CHURCH v. BATLEY.

Par'3h Churei, playing on tneir own ground, disp'sei of Bar,ley by two glals (from "Marks ") to nil. Paw- c,Alt kicked one of the goals. and dropped well through. out.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
LEEDS v. CASTLEFORD.

These teams met at liadingl3y. Leeds winninl by one vat tvr) tries to two gods. Walker scored for L'els, while Brady and Smith dropp3d goals for Castle- ford.

MINNINGIIA.INIE v. HUNSLET.

B,itl gaine i a try an 1 Dlna,d4ou and Brown placed goals for Manningh tin at Valley Parade, while Rainagsa envied the line for Hunsht, A. Goldthorpe landing a g tat. Itosult Manninghmn, oae try, 2 goals ; Huns- let, one try, one goal. _

===== 0002601_18990224_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAX v. BRADFORD.

An even game was the result of tnis meeting a Flalifar. The home team, hlwever, s,cu red a try' which, being converted. left Halifax with victory by one goal and nn A try to nil.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL; v. HUDDERSFIELD.

Hulderefield wer. outplasei at Hull, the home teaie. winning, by four goal 9 six tries to one try. L trnpriere (two), jaeq tee, Elide:, and T inner got the tries, Jacques kicking the goal 4. WilHung seored for the losers.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLBEOK v. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

Wakefield h td thA better of tnisg3,conat Halbeck, and lel at hilf-tin b 7 fi7a points co nil. They added another try in the second half, and won by a goal and two tries to nil.

'BRA.IIILEY v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS. Playing at home, Bramley won tbig game by one goal ani a try to one gnat •

WARRINGTON "A" V. T. HELENS "A."

This friendly match was played at wilderepool on Saturday before a " gate " of about 2,030 spectators. The teams were composed as follow :—St. Helens : McGuire, full back; Appleton. Smith, Barker. Alien, three-vaeter hacks; A,rowstnith and Beugnten, half hacks; Green,Simc ock,McGuire.o arse v,Maher, Harmon . Chapman and Stubbins, forwards. Warrington : Wes- enw, full bsck ; Moores, Ratcliffe, Hockennull and I Eden, three-quarter backs ; Duckworth and Allan, half backs; Deakin, Skslhorn, 'Hatton, Wilcock, Williams, Cunningham, Jolley and Preston, forwards. Toe vi,itors kicked off and Warrington pressed immediately, taking play into the visitors' territory where *come loose play took niece. Bascew neatly checked a for- wail rush and Ratcliffe secured and got over at the corner. The try was not improved. A little later Duck- worth scored an easy try and Ratcliffe kicked a goal. Still pressing, the home team inv sided their opponents' qtiartsrs. Rateliffe from a mark added another two points. The Sains now saemed to realise their position and began to press, and getting away Barker creased the line and improved with a goal. This temporary check also had its effect on Warrington. Hockenhull trans- ferred play with a fine run into the visitors' quarters, and Deakin got over at the cor- ner. Ratcliffe failei at the goal kick. Jolley wag the next to cross the line and Duckworth failed to improve. The homesters still contihued to attack and just before half time Eden got a try and Rat- cliffe improved from a difficult position. Half time score : Warrington 21 points, St. Helens 5 points. With the change of ends the home:ters centinuei to have the hest of matters.the Saints seeming to have lost all heart. Duekworth sprinted with the ball in grand style taking play into the Saints quarters where the pressere was kept up. The visitors managed to check the pressure after a time and forced play into the home territory,but found Beseove "all thers." A. splendid passing move- ment by the Warrington backs ended in Hockeehull be- ing 'knocked into touch in the coraer when a try seemed ceesin. The Saints managed to avert this danger but Eien and Deakin added two more tries.which were net improved,before the whistle sounded. Result Warrington 3 goals, 7 tries, (27 points) ;S. Helens 1 try, 1 goal (5 ',lints).

FIeRTCRER RUSSELL'S GAS EipJEERsv. WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S.

These teams met in a frienrily encounter at Liverpool- road on Saturday. The visiors kicke I off, and play settled in the Stint's quarters, where. after bluff'ng his oponnents, Scan scared benea,th the posts in the first three minutes. The kick at goal was a failure. rhA dron ont relieved the preslure, and play went to the other end, where a series of 3crimmlges took pla.ce.Frorn one of these Drummond got possession and passed to Scott, the last-name i transferring to Patrick, who was stopped a crlllOiA of yard I from the line. From the scrim- mage which ensued S Carless put the bill well up the field, and through a mull Cole got possession and scored a good try. The attempt at goal failed. The Engineers pressed, and breaking away Scott pasled to Patrick at the halfway line,and the latter,tricking the home backs, scored near the posts. The drop out did not else the pressure, and shortly afterwards Foden scored near the posts; no goal resulting. Half-time scnre Russell's, three tries (nine points) ; St. Mares, one try (three points). The sec,nd half was of a give-and-take nature, no further points being scered Final :—Fletcher Rassell's Gas Engineers, nine points; Warringtau St. Mary's, three points.

MEETING OF 'FRE r 4 Hi SENIOR COMPETITION COMMITTEE.

The Smile. Comwtition Committee of the Lancashire section met on Tuesday night at Manches'er, and there was also a meeting of the County Union, the combined gatherings listing four hours. The Sathird supporter; were reported for assaulting the Warrington touch judge in the "A" team match on the 11th inst., but after hearing a lot of evidenco the charge was die- mini& Davidson, of Sto7koort, was suspended pond- int-; appearance, the charge being striking an opponent againat Oldham. The dates of the postponed matches were fixed as follow ;—Broughton Rangers v Widnes, March 15'h ; Stockport v. Warrington. April Ist; More- cambe v Rochdale Hornets. Aorillst ;Wigan v Broughton Raozers, Anril 3rd; Rochdale Hornets v Wigan,April Bth; Runcorn vSt Helens. Anril 15th ; Widens v Tyldesley, April 15th. It was decided to divide the ga'ea for this season and next between Lancashire and Cumberland. Seaham,of Morecamhe, was suspended for a month for 'striking. Barrow, Irverston, and Lancaster applied to bo admitted to the first competition next aeasoa, but it was decided that the tin i was inopportune for consider- ing this. Freeman, of Fleetwood, was suspended up Li and including March 18th for striking the referee in the match against Blackpool, and Evans, of Fleetwood, who had been suspended pending apnearance. had sentence removed, hilt was s.verelv reprimonied for not supoort- ino the referee. Mr. Teosdale, of Milton, the referee in the match Barrow v Ulveiston, was called upon to ex- plain why he had not reported the Barrow supporters for making hostile demonstrations. He exnlained that he was not molested, and the exolana.tion was accepted. France was tTansferred from Tyldesley to Salford, and J. Blaciclock from Aspatria to Broughton Rangers.

CL IRKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE is a guaran teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds. its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware' of worthless imitations and substitutes.-7 Advt. (1)

00AGULINE.—fRetti3PARHNT cfnumr for broken artieles.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ide a ..,i_oet/e4/

gi/r pe 'We avec/ de e 77 admod, /lee a haade grai cade ed .demie a leeth ‘toi.

aria /ad oaf Caiee .* a pa Zule- allot aAe/

doza‘ da‘ 4edda yea,

c 2: e, de

aided wciL7 eZe Can

atm the-

eg• • / Oa. / amd y -a/6 a aZ

0-acia yea ewe eme 41 we well ie, ra whdei 14 hve We dew/4 caie7. / cede/ dew. leZi cadei a wolf ale wad( / me' del gate de fra a/ a7frece. / , A .3, , a. ega. md aZde. (9.ie Xagobe na. ak YageZ2ye, es e

gw.4a97, .16,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Read what the

A PERPLEXED GAMEKEEPER.

HE WANTED INFORMATION AND OBTAINED IT. A REPORTER of the 'Newcastle Daily Journal,' chatting with Mr. Thnmks Dixon in his cottage in Dora-terrace, Bamburgh, Northumberland, elicited the following re- markable st ory ; ''

4P-

"My age is sixty- six, and I have been a gamekeeper for twenty-six years. A few years ago, no doubt through night. watching, and being out in all weathers, I fell ill. I grew worse and could re- tain no solid food nor was I equal to my work. I con- sulted eminent doc- tors in Newcastle, Edinburgh, an d ,Glasgow ,and learned that I was suffering ro m congested liver and gastric

: 11?' Y/I

fj

4.)7V111, 4'7 'llO 111.

ulcer. The pain was excruciating, and my system was getting very debilitated. One specialist in Newcastle gave me little Lope of relief." " ThQn my daughter came to see me,and talked about my hopeless conditiun. Suddenly she said, " Have you ever tried Dr. Williams' Pink Pills far Pale People ?'; I told her I had novir heard of such a medicine, for my illness had spoilt my eyesight for reading. She said, I will send you a box,' and did. At first I thought, from certain symptoms, they ,were not suitable for my com- plaint, but I wrote to Dr. Williams' Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, and they replied, saying, that was a sign that the pills were doing me good. I got more of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills after that, and the benefit, I de- rived from them has made a new man of me. All the pain, weakness, and lac kof energy is gone, and I can now go about my work."

SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER IN PERIL.

SOME KINDLY ADVICE IN TIME.

Miss Lucy Hannah Bettley, resieing at 16, Little Moore-street, Wolverhampton, has fcr some years occu- pied a promtnent position in the • church and Sunday school. After enjoying all her life the most robust health (writes a reporter of the Wolverhampton Chronicle"), Miiss Bettley towards the end of last year showed signs of serious indisposition and suffered abso- lute torture for many months.

" I never had a day's illness in my life until Septem- ber, 1897, when one wet, cold day I had bee n travelling on the railway,andwas waiting about a good many hours A. strange sensation came over me; and when I got home I went into hysterical fits until I was exhausted. One doctor said it was anemia, and and her liver complaint. I was in hospital for a month, and worse when I came out than wawa I went in."

‘l.• - „ .7

eA r -,A. „ii„,,,,';:,Uf . * -.'' *i -

`S?,i7?.'Y V, " , t • ikh \ • \ , ""4 /, ' t'l,-:-:et,Z‘ttV

:,%'.ll ~,:4;) :fill 1

'N.. 4tok; ), 4'41,1,.\‘'

'TAM k\ „ / \

t:-..,11 ~, „.., ,„,,,..: - "Pl,'),..ilitif i

4

r f.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL, EIRLESTOWN v. HIYDOCK. LANC &SHIRE ALLIANCE.

These local rivals met for the first time this seasoa under the auspices of the Alliance, on the Wagon ground, Haydock. on Saturday, Toe weather was dull, but otherwise favourable, and at the commencement there would be quite 2,000 spectators present. Consi- derable interest was centred in the encounter, as Hay- dock have lately been promoted to take over the fix- tures of the now defunct Rock Ferry Club in the Lan- cashire League. At absut 3.15 the teams lined up an follows :—Earlestown, goal, Chew; back, Heyes and Wilkinson ; half backs, Green, Parr, and Alldridge ; for- wards, Smith, Harrison, Hampson, Lee and Settle. Hay- dock, goal, Lowe; backs, Greenhalgh and Gleave ; half. I backs, Mees, Picton, and Johnson ; forwards, Smith, Mayor, Harrison, Wignall and Crook. Leach was miss. ing from the forward rank and it was not until the lest minute that Lee was transferred to the forwards, Alldridge filling the vacant place in the intermediate line. Hatnpson set the ball in motion on behalf of the visiters. Geo& play on the part of Wignall and Crook enabled the latter to have a shy at goal, his shot striking the crossbar and rebounding into play. Smith (Earlestown) next gained possession and he spirited away on the right, finishing up with a splendid shot, which Lowe just managed to turn round the upright. Toe ensuing corner was well placed and an exciting scrimmage took place in the goal mouth, Gleave eventually relieving the pressure with a huge kick. Nice combination on the part of the home right initiated a strong attack on the visitors citadel, and Crook banged the ball into the net, but the whistle had previously gone for offside. Midfield play fdlowed for a time and then Parr tackled Mayor in splendid fashion and obtaining possession of the ball he passed to Smith who shot hard and straight at Lowe. the custodian bringing off a meri- t , torious save. Tne Haydock forwards next exhibited good combination and Wiguall passed to Harrison who was left with an open goal but he dallied too long and Alldridge dashed up and molt the ball from the Hay- dock forward's toes. The Earlestown defence up to this time had played a splendid game and time after time the backs nipped in the bud dangerous rushes on the part of the home forwards. The visitors were soon again swarming round Lowe and once Hampson shot hard against the side of the net. At half time neither side had scerad. Restart. jag Haydock assumed the aggraredve and Fleyes missing his kick, let in Wignall, but the latter's shot glanced off Heyes and rolled over the line, the ensuing corner being safely got away. The visitors gradually got the upper liana, however and Gleive was forced to concede two fruitless corners. Earlestown now for a time pennei their opponents in, and the home defence narrowly escaped disaster on more than one occasion. A good pass by Settle from near the touch line, gave Harrison a chance and this player shot with unerring accuracy at Lowe, the custodian saving in grand style. The visitors strenuo siy appealed for a goal on the ground that Lowe, in saving,stepped back and thus caught the ball when it was over the goal line, but the referee evidently did not see the occurrence and dis- allowed the claim. A dangerous attack by the Haydock forwards was foiled by Green and Smith (Esrlestown) gained possession and sprinted away with the ball the whole length of the field, finishing up with a shot which travelled the wrong side of the upright. The whistle soon aft 3r went with the score : Haydock nil. Earles , town nil.

WARRINGTON CUP. SEMI-FINAL.

BARNTON ALBION V. GOLBORNE.—These teams met in the semi-final at Warrington on Saturday afternoon. A penalty against Barnton was cleared, but by clever work the Golborne forwards claimed a distinct advant- age, and Wright was called upon to fist out a hot shot from Parr. The Cheshire men next had a turn on the attack, and some clever work by F Hindley and Beckett was the cause of trouble in the Golborne quarters. By easy stages Golborne forced the game to half way, hut their stay at neutral ground was only of slight duration for another return was speedily made to the Golborne goal. The game continued exciting in Golborne quarters and two corners wcra conceded in quick succession. Ashton succ( 'daily dealt with brilliant shots from Beckett and Hickson. Baraton main- tained the aggressive. but their shooting was weak. Eventually the game went very rough, and cautions were frequently administered. After Ashton had successfully negotiated a shot by Hickson, P. Hindley shot past the Golborne goalkeeper. The general run of the play went in favour of the Barn-

===== 0002601_18990224_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PEOPLE eay who HAVE Written:

"I had a sort of seizure very often, my heart jumped and fluttered, the blood would leave my hands and ':".. '...4. - 1' i. :.,..!..._,„, .., .........4\ ,:„._, ~,„„.., 1 ~„,,,,,:, ..,_... ,

her bed every few days, and remain there practically helpless, and this was her condition for eight or ten years."

A GIRL'S PLAINTIVE LETTER.

ECZEMA, THE RESULT OF VACCINATION.

The story told to a reporter of the "Mid-Devon Times," by Miss Edith Mary Harvey, of Fore-street, Btngsteign- t n, near Newton Abbot, h a startling one. She said :—" I have always suffered from eczema ever since I was vaccinated, especially in my right arm. I consulted many doctors,who told me that when I got older I should get rid of it. But it increased, and spread over almost all my body. I have tried numr2r- ous remedies without benefit, and one London doctor told me, of course there is no cure for you.'

face, and I was like a marble statue. The last time I went to the doctor he said it was consumption (I bad been spitting blaod), and another told me I hadn't a pint of blood in my body. Many a time I prayed for death, I was so miserable. One day a book about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale people was left, and in it I saw a case that seemed like mine. So ,twrs4te to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, an asked if the pills would be likely to cilre me. „I—Teceived a kindly letter of advice,so got a box &Abe pills, and felt better from the first. Before I had finished a second box 1 was well, but I took four boxes altogether, and have wanted no medicines since; lam strong and well as Ever I was. Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved by life." Miss Bettley said she had caught onecdd upon another, and her ex- perience on the railway had acted as the last straw, and broken her down completely.

"One day in November, 1897, a neighbour gave me a book to read, in which I noticed that pea* had lama cured of eczema by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, so I ob- tained a box of these pills, and after I had finished the first box, I quite voluntarily wrote to Dr. Williams' A LITTLE ADVICE LEADS TO A GREAT CURE. Company in Landon, and stated my case. "I was advised, with certain directions, to continue WIIEN a ‘Herts Advertiser' reporter called on Mrs. Read, the pills. For many years I suffered from indigestion, at 94. Park Corner, St. Albans, she was busily engaged but,to my great surprise, after I had commenced taking at straw plaiting. Dr. Williams' Pills, this passed away. As you see I have .66 I had," Mrs. Read stated, "suffered from pleurisy quite a Vright colour now, previous'y I was as pale as and inflammation for ten years. and I was very ill, death. I was never able to do much work before, as I being attended by two doctors. At times I ;ay uncon- could not even put my hands into water, hot or cold. scions of anything, and for four years I scarcely went The pain I have suffered has been terrible. lam thank- out of doors. I got no nourishment from my food, and ful to say, however, that I am practically free from the doctors did not seem to be curing me. eczema, and I have got rid of the irdigestion and the " Then I got desperate, and having my attention pains in my chest entirely, I never thought that I directed to the remarkable cures effected by Dr should feel so well as Ido now." Williams' Pink Pills, I wrote to the Company about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills act directly on the blood,and my case, and, after receiving a prompt reply, decided thus it is that they are so famous for the care of indi- to try some of the pills. After taking the contents of ~ geEtion, anremia and rheumatism, scrofula, chronic, err- several boxes, I could eat any food with a relish ; now sipelas, and general weakness, They are also a splendid I can eat my food in comfort, though previously it nerve and spinal tonic, and thus have cured many cases almost choked me. Before I commenced taking the of paralysis, locomotor ataxy,nenralgia,St. Vitus' dance, pills I could not do toy housework or my straw-plaiting, and nervous headache. They are now obtainable of all but compared ta what I was then lam now a strong chemists, and Dr. Williams.' Medicine Company, 46, woman. I found the pills greatly strengthened me, and Holtorn-viaduct, London, at 2s. 9J. a box, or six Inxes enabled me to get benefit from my food." for 139. 9d., but are genuine only with FULL NAME, Dr. Mr. Read stated, My wile would have to take to Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

ton men, Molyneux in particular showing brilliant form. From a corner kick the Cheshire men kept up a hot fusilade on the Golborne goal, and from amidst a host of opponents the ball was sent past Ashton for a second time, Beckett doing the trick in fine style The second half opened in favour of Baraton, and a rare chance to augment their store from a penalty was missed. Rough play ensued, and one of the Golbs,re players was ordered off. The Lancashire men made desperate efforts in the last stages of the match, but Molyneux's defence was fine. Banton showed superior form, and won cleverly at the close by two goals to none.

greatly appreciated. There still remains to be men- tioned the harp solos by Miss Bessie Jones who played selections by Obeithiir. Bolh the "M.elodie Mazurka" and the" Keel Row" were played with musicianly taste and skill. The pianoforte accom- paniments to the several artistes were played by Miss Maggie Evans. The local arrangements for the CDncert were in the hands of Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, ot Stockton Heath, and a mead of praise is due to biro for the excellent manner in which he carried them out.

THE PARR HALL 6iTURDAY EVENING

CONCERTS.

The last of this series of concerts at Parr Hall was held on Saturday evening, and the hall was com- pletely filled. The artistes were :—The Merrions (Will, Harry and Fred), Madame Lottie Herod (soprano), and Mr. J. E. Warhurst (accompanist). Toe programme opened with a selection on the pianoforte by Mr. Warhurst, which was played with taste and ability and was well applauded. Miss Lottie Herod, whose rich soprano voice has bean heard on previous occasions by Warrington audiences, was heard to advantage in all her items which included "My land ot Spain:J. "The Swallows," and "Tell me my heart." In answer to the hearty applause at the conclusion of the latter song, the artist bowed her acknowledge- ment, but the audience insisted on an encore, and Miss Herod responded with the ever popular "Killarney." Ti:e Merrions had a difficult task be- fore them of entertaining the audience for the best part of the evening, but to th&r credit it must be said they accomplished the task with success, and we must not forget that all the it.ms of their ex- tensive reportoire are their own comsosition. Mr. Fred Merrion gave some capital humor- ous songs all of which were well re- ceived. The songs were entitled "The wedding day," "When he TOSO to speak," and" The Postman." In response to a recall for the latter character song he gave "The mail cart." Mr. Will Merrion also gave the parody song 66 When London sleeps "in good style. The Merrions appeared to- ge!her in some humorous trios chief of which was "The Old Boys." Thera were some fine touches of humour in this, and the Merrions took their parts of old men in a retrospective mood to perfection. They were also encored for the "Chinese trio." The conjuring _ entertainment

by Messrs. Will and Harry Merrion proved extremely funny ; and the same artistes in what was called a" musical melange" produced music from a bewildering variety of instruments. Mr. Harry Merrion's pictorial sketch" Living pictures from the music sellers" was a pleasing item. The entertainment concluded with a farce "Tim Actor" which was well given and was very laughable. Mr. J. E. Warhurst accompanied the artistes on the piano with ability.

FOR ACHES AND PAiNS itUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's ~ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh El liman's Cuts, „ Sore Throat from Cold, „ Cold at the Chest, Ellin-lan's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ Chilblains before Broken. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football. Rowing, &c. Bottles SO., is. EN., 25. 9C1., 4s. Prepared by Elliman, Son:;&Co.,Slough

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING BOOK. Nine Coloured Hunting Scenes. Nine Black and White Copies to Colour. Send Stamps value of Siipence. Write your Address lainly. Published by Ellimnn, Sons kic Co, Slough. , •

.b>?: -.,\

c.:: ~ ~c..0:',1 \ 05 ' f'...3.->--?-,_/(4 ~.. I„,_ fi ', r-tRP?) /1 1 I ,

'wt. tvcc-

0. ,

,v

1 A ..

.. '''''li \'S .o.t.t.' ',Wilis,T 'll,-,---'._ ,::::i::;,,i:::;:,,,.. ..i:i.li,',4:'-... '-: l':-_,Z7 - - -,...--.....,N, :-....::.,..,...,-,„,-....-,-,,..„__, 7"--„----_-_, i 4,-, -7 ;•-=- ,---- --.,.:1-1.-------t-- hk: ..---x,,. .. ....7-.- . -- -:' - -

===== 0002601_18990224_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RHONDDA GLEE SOCTETY AT PARR

IiALL

The annual concert in aid of the Warrington Dis- trict Narsing, Association was held on Thursday last week was distinguished by the appearance of the Rhondda Royal Male Choir. The hall was well filled, but there were many vacant places in the re- served seats, which is a matter to be regretted as the financial result will be somewhat affected. Last year the concert realised about £6O but it wili be somewhat less on the present occasion. The dimin- ished attendance in the reserved seats may be due to the concert being held in Lent or to what the Principal of the Training College described at the ineetiug of the Literary and Philosophical Society as "a perfect epidemic of dissipation." The pro- gramme opened with a glee "Comrades in Arms" by the choir which was under the ' conductorship of Mr. Percie G. Smith who took up the baton in the unavoidable absence of Mr. Tom Stephens, due to the illness of his daughter. "Tell ray boys," he telegraphed, "to keep their spirits up," an injunction which was faithfully carried out. During the first chorus Mr. Smith was occupied with the complex task of getting a firm grip of his material. But it was not long before the choir found itself on solid ground, and by the time the second piece "The Summer" was reached, the swing and balance of the parts were all that could be desired. Complying with a recall the ever popular chorus " The March of the Men of Harlech " was given, and pleased the ' audience to such an extent that a double encore was demanded. "The Soldier's Fare- well " was then given. As a descriptive piece nothing could be finer than the choir's inter- pretation of "The Tyrol," into which the singers entered with spirit and energy. Still another en- core was demanded, and the choir responded with "Annabelle Lee." Perhaps the most adea mit* sung ' chorus of the evening was De Rules" Destruction ~ or Gaza "in which the light and shade were fully ' marked. Other choruses given were" Hues of Day," the hunting chorus "Night and Day," and" Land of our Fathers." At the close "God save the Queen" was sung, Mr. David Davies singing the solo part in Welsh. Altogether the choir gave a highly cre- ditable performance, and justified the reputation it has gained. To turn to the leading artistes of the evening the palm certainly falls to Miss A. Back- sheen Wood, a young and accomplished solo violin- ist. The graceful " Bolero " by Sarasate received careful and delicate treatment. In res- ponse to the repeated applause she was constrained to bow her acknowledgments, but there were cries for "more" and she complied with " The Austrian Hymn" by Leonaed. In the second half the same artiste played "Andante" and"Mazurka"by Virienaw- ski. Both were brilliantly executed and a second encore was conceded. Miss Wood created a most favourable impre:ssion, and she seems destined to rank amongst the virtuosi of the day. Miss Eleanor Jones, R.C.M. (soprano) secured an encore for her first song "Mia Piccerella." and in response sang with piquancy and effect "Coming thro' the Rye." Two other solos "Vainka's Song"and "Tears' duet " Martial Spirit." Mr. James' two songs were "Largo al Factatum" and "When bright eyes glance," in both of which he displayed a robust and cultivated voice. He was deservedly encored and sang "The Yeoman's Wedding" which further pleased the audience. The pennillions were a feature of the concert. The vocalist was a gentleman who hides his identity under the pseudonym of 13es Dar, and his contributions were

===== 0002601_18990224_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
STRAW-PLAITER'S TEN YEARS' SICKNESS.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
r •• trn -2 . ir , .1( ".•.: •,12, -01/4'117.4 a r:WV -A44, -,gr'•••!•;,•?.. •• • •;.• • - - . • •".•;.: , !-7 , -;"-1 •r • . , " 17- - , • , , • „ • , • •

===== 0002601_18990224_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
tßegistered Coppight.)

===== 0002601_18990224_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mertury. Established upwards of 30 Tears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, at all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, qr sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Mildliuld Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt

===== 0002601_18990224_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
=TV_ :;$ `71";-,, r irm 4K:I If% *447.1' • tr., • . 'frir • • • 7,, 7 I I 1,57' 0 4, , 4 `;' „ vs, Nitol ,) ve -v.

. KVOV,,„,

4M-r>

6.7-4 p Crr vkr A et—i, r 5 1.1. 4, Al A aLi 'aux :11,

,

_ 00.!‘r .1.17:11:1) (cite ' l,l

j LI. 13.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE r EXKIIIN ER9 - F" IJ 'BPVP"v 24, 1899

===== 0002601_18990224_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
...‘74=791:,.."---''''-'74-;?1'.,..2,77.11;r:',,,,,,:11;?-720%a-v—?,;›,' - ' ~,5,.. ti,--.,:3'.•-•.40"...6,...f.0-f.:,V.r. \- 07-I*, • , ..t .0 P itiA OP 4 V., .01*, , W p: P` WP • ? A, A 6.. A, ~,.

UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL TO 7.P;

THE

,A 24

6k A Pr

===== 0002601_18990224_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18990224_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
-,,, ttel\ ifkt. f,.-..i'l

===== 0002601_18990224_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
• 4,160:

(.2‘X

C

GEO. R. SIMS' HAIR RESTORER.

to, 6:IA

The GEO. R. SIMS' HAIR RESTORER, Ltd., 1, Farringdon Avenue, E.C.

, :gm • 14.

.......m....-....-- '''‘iii'l4l6'4Zel•ttli

'ffi',oo' • 'VW

TRADE MARL ,*/

"TATCHOt" the Geo. R. Sims' Hair Restorer, can be obtained of all Chemists and Hairdressers at 2/9 and 5/-, or post free on receipt of P. 0.0. for 3/- or 5/4, from the Manufacturers,

Aar ":„4:,6•04 "

AO% #9.. .PC..-.NS. '414'41:6*N4"

'....sr• 400'...or• els".

...p.i.4.,7. . ..1., .et , .t.,..-7„..,,,,, P:i.'°:44, 41 r 4 ~ ... ~. , ......f tt JAI)

47-4,e `lk R.7014,V.k - tww4

4,- • ,'. \s: )('-`2, CC : VO '49 AO 0 tirki 0 Ail )..„......-'-li 0 0 ‘v) "Dear Sir,—When I first began "IT IS NOW LONG Qi using " TATCHO" my hair AND CURLY I" Q; was short and stubby,"—

===== 0002601_18990224_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
-,;-1- 14'v.- , 4,1 N .41,-gwegl-,,At 1. t ,0 - ~..1 ~.„,./.. ..,.....,. .„ ' A ' .11,? •I'' -4:- • , ‘ C., . 4g, , " . ',, ' -ft ..%-t. f ',4*•,... ' '''..t# :4-I.' :,....• „., . :', i j -. e... ie,-, ik,'"- c- '''''N",' er - ‘... .• 74' r, $, ..., v.• ,-444 A— ,• • , ': -,„, , AiSo -,,,.,... ":0,- 4 • i 1.1i.' , •:"*". 4- k+l-, . ‘4" , . • .4 '.14X7,71.'",` ',.,' '''. \T"'" :. ,t, - ‘ ',--..' , ~,,-.101010,40. • ft: tteS iikis At • ' s-' ,

BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIIVIONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, Bcc., post free. '

Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18990224_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
62&64, LUDGATE 1111.11 Eal

~.....1

===== 0002601_18990224_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A rpm, 7 A "kr r 1111 p b IfiL Lit 3 • E.. tt 0.4 v.

T\TV ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might he improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990224_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLie.,'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so wel!, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
c. ~ ), ' . LE, Li)-,,,ers ez 4, ~,; v -- ~ . .•,.„-st 7 iiii) , ~ ,t, r , --,,4 „ A - 7 A

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, lI•TDVI;EtTin'Iq, &r!

FREE 'ROM MERCURY.

ALI ..414A.,,,- ir:( , k , , • • „ . . , 1 : , /. ~ l''• A ~ V 0

===== 0002601_18990224_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, V ,

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
0 7 1 ~ ,- •4

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C„ LONDON,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
_ • *, • .. - , • • , .. • , • ~ • .. ... ... .... :... . . . ..:, . . . ' 1,, 1, 'f. ~,45-',.• 'Z'' . „,... . 4..4. ..., • .... . 4; t • ~.- , 1,,,,, • , - , , , •-'7/1,,. ... ; ..1, '• ... _ .. . .; Nil ) , , ...

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ~ISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Ccastiriat,n,

Weak atomacho Impaked INgeedom

Disordered Liver and Female Aliments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
17.030 Z4I.IFICIIW

===== 0002601_18990224_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
• , & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at o. e, and you will be delighted with it.

Men who are weak and tired of taking Nauseaus and MYS

ERIOUS PREPARATIONS to ro GOOD PURPOSE ought to sv; Re to the Physician in cop. fidence,and fun particulars will be sert FREE as to how all e,,eR of NERVOUS EXHAUS. TION, LOSS OF VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEA KN ESSES can be STJC- (ESSFULLY and FERMAN. ENTLY CURE D. —Send Eftni red sadressed envelve to THE COLLINS CO., 9. Et sk i n e-s t rect. Liverpool.

The -finest Coffee Essence that money can buy is Symiggton's Edin- -2 burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup ,4 in a moment. From Gropers through- out the world. 01,-5iXeGiCe*.&32.2,113*Q3120316,441000

===== 0002601_18990224_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
I r,- I,LyO 4 3

04; grrm • p,„„o; ; . Ask 41,0' .

===== 0002601_18990224_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1)0

NOT

===== 0002601_18990224_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FORGET

THAT

===== 0002601_18990224_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
TITAN

PATENT

SOAP

IS THE

===== 0002601_18990224_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY SOAP

THAT WASHES

ABSOLUTELY

WITHOUT

RUBBING.

Communications should be addressed—

TITAN SOAP, LIMITED.

Works: 54 & 56, Naylor St,, . LIVERPOOL.

Offices: xi, Dale St.,

DO

NOT

FORGET

THAT

===== 0002601_18990224_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TITAN

PATENT

SOAP

IS THE

===== 0002601_18990224_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY SOAP

THAT WASHES

ABSOLUTELY

===== 0002601_18990224_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WITHOUT

RUBBING.

Communications Should be addressed—

MAN SOAP, LIMITED.

/Works: 54 & 55, Naylor St., LivERPOCI

Offices : 11, T)::.1e St.,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
teiters to the Vitotor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDEN Fs. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper. Com>spondents are strongly advised to writs briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION BILL. Sir,—The Mayor having entered the arena his circular letter now in the lands of the ratepayers invites respect- ful and independent criticism. In the third paragraph of his circular, writing of the water strpply for domesic purposes, the Mayor says, "The daily quantity pumped (at Winwick) at the pre- sent time is 1,400,000 gallons." Now if the number of consumers is fairly estimated at 63.000 it follows that we have a daily supply of more than 22 gallons for every unit of the popul,, tier]. Or, to put it in another form, we have at least 110 gallons of water per diem for every family offiye persons in the Borough. To me at least this seems a liberal provision and one that, with proper supervision and economy, might meet all needful requirements for some years to come. In some places with which I am acquainted, when a falling off of water occurs through long continued dry weather or other causes, the authorities do not rush into new expendi- ture, but caution the people to be as economical as possible in their use of water until the normal condition of the supply has been restored. In the fourth paragraph of his letter the Mayor writes, "It has been stated that the Corporation are in a posi- tion to spend at least £50,000 in the construction of new works without having recourselo the rates and this I statement I confirm. The increisiug revenue of the waterworks ler dertaking will in addition to this sum enable the Corporation to spend not less than £lO,OOO a year on the prop red works without having to touch the rates." I must confess at once that, to my mind, there is some obscurity in these sentences. Am I to under- stand the Mayor to mean that there is £50,000 now standing o the creqlt of the ware= concern as accumu- lated pr,ofits available for Corporati,n purooe• s I must answer this question in the negative 3nd the Mayor him- self is my aurhority for doing so. The wat-rworks were acquired in 1890, aril sneaking of the reault of the b4r- gain in the conebviing linia of his scr,r,th parattraph,the Mayor sass, " The purchase of the materworks has proved a great boon and instead el a ~a•Te upon the rates serf;ral thousand pour d haee be-n e ,reed." That is to say, thenet earnings of the water con.ytn for the past eight or nine veers have a-roonted "to several thousands of pounds." But, for some reason or other . which I cannot understand, we are left in the dark as to the number of these thousands. Assuming then, that the £50,000 only exists in the minds of the promoters of the Bill and will have to be borrowed when required, such borrowing will involve an expenditure of at least £1,250 a year for interest so long as the money remains unpaid. Are the annual pro- fits of the water department such as to bear this charge and the additional £lO,OOO which the Mayor informs us the Corporation will be able to spend" on the proposed works without having to touch the rates?" Or, in other words. are the duly audited profits of the concern £11,250 a year? This is a vital question and a properly authenticated answer to it should determiae the accept- ance or rejection of the Bil. Yours truly, lONA,

Sir,—l must ask the courtesy of your affording mo stillmore space in your paper to reply to the Mayor's letter, appearing in your 148 t issue. In the first place, lam glad t see that the Mayor does not attempt to answer, and, therefore must ba taken not to sericu3lv dispute, three out of the four points I originally under- took to prove. Thege three points now virtually admitted are : __ . .

. _ (1.1 That the supply of water at Bold is in every resvect as permanent as the supply at Win- wick. (2) Tint it is in quantity approximately three times what the rlorporation hope to get by their expensive Winwick scheme. (3) That it can bs supplied to Warriegton at less than one half tho cost of obtaining the Win. wick water. _ _ _ _

The only remaining point, and one which is very properly raised by the Mayor, is as to the quality of the Bold water compared with that of Winwick ; and upon this point allow me to thank him for his fairness in at once admitting that the two waters are equally pure and wholesome—the only question being with reference to their relative hardness. The Mayor publishes extracts from four analyses, the first of which is an analysis made by Mr. J. C. Bell of the Winwiek water, whereby he returns the total hard- ness at 11.75. This he compares with the secend analysis made by Mr. Ruddock of the Bold water, whieh he states has a total hardness of 30. If these analyses are to be depended upon, the Mayor has made a very good case, but I say at once that they are obviously incorrect. I have thought that there is but one way to bring conviction to the minds of the Corporation. I, therefore submitted most carefully sealed samples of the Bold and Winwick water to Mes3rs. Grace. Calvert. and Thomsen, of Manchester, the mo:t eminent analysts in the kingdom. I marked the sample of Winwick water N. Land the Bold w +ter No. 2 Their analysis I received only this morning, and I append a copy of it to this letter. Your readers will see that upon the question of purity both waters are certified to be of high-class, tAe Bold water, however, containing somewhat less organic matter than the Winw;ck water. On the question of hardness the analysis shows :

Winviek. Temporary hardness 11'73 ... 18 3i Permanent „ 506 ... 0.91

Totsl hardness The above, I think, is abiolut proof that with refer- ence to hardnets the Bold water and the Winwick water are, as' have said before, identical. I would go even further than the Mayor in admitting that it mistht be wise for the Corporation to uneertake some softening scheme for both waters, and upon this point I have made certain inquiries, and find that at S. Helens a softening process is in use which appears to act well. The quantitirs treated are upwards of 730,000,000 gallons pr annum, and the average harineas of the water blfore treatmln, i; 18.4 ; after treatment 11•1. The cest of qr. treatment is analysed by the w ..t3r engineer as follow; : _ Cost per 1,003 gallons.

Pence. Labour 0123 Lime 0.115 Filter Cinth Fuel and repair a

0 432 Sinking fund and interest

Total per 1,000 gallons

This goes to show that at a cost of but little over id. per thousand gallons the hardness of the Winwick water could he reduced by very many degrees, and I believe that this irould meet with the approval of all water consumers in the town. To conciude, it is now virtually admitted that War- rington can obtain their water frpm Bold it' larger qnantitirs than from Winwicv with equal permanency ard at less than half the cost. I submit that I have also proved that the two waters are identical in quality. If there is still any doubt about this last point let certifiel samples be submitted by the Corporatioa themselves, to any eminent analyst. and should such analyses show anything like the difference in hardness between the two waters which the Mayor alleges, I would at once undertake n-,t only to Vita but to speak on behalf of the Winwick scheme. If, on the other hand, the: two waters are identlcal in quality, as I firmly believe them to be, then I tlynk the in'iabitants of Warriogton are entitled to ask he C-wporation t 3 reconsiler their deci- sion' and to spare the ratepayers the heavy expense conterop'ated by the (chew as at present suggesto.l: Yours &c.,

HENRY FAIRCLOUGH, Chairman of the Bold Hall &tales Limited.

COPY OF ANALYSTS.

Manche.ter, 15rh FebTuary, 1899

Sir,—We have submitted to caretul analysii - the two samples of w.ter rna,ked Nos .1 and 2 which you spnt to us on th 3 7th inst., and bag to lay before you our rw- port thereon, as follows

Grains per gallon No. 1. No 2.

They contain Total solid matters In solution

Consisting of— Organic matter, com- bined water, Ac

Saline matter I— Combined chlorine 1•657 ... 2.347 Free ammonia 0.0306 ... woos Albumin°id ammonia O.OOlB ... 0.0019 OgYcren contained in pe!maerzanateof potash required to °xi iiz. organic inattPrs &... in solution : Acting at 80 Fah. during 15 minutes...h. 0.0057 0.0134 ~ 4 hours 0.0114. 0.0080 •• •• Temporary harAness 11'76 ... 18.340 Permanent ~ 5.C6 ... 0.91 19 25

Total hardness 16.82 ...

Nitrate 3 and nitrites Very faint Absent trace. Free acid Phosphates Heavy metals ..... Appearance in 2ft tube ... Pale Green Pale green clear, clear. lidicrosconiesi observations No animacule or fungoid life. The above figaros show that both these waters are hard and no Ns* 3111 adaptei for washing purposes, the hardness of ths sample No. 2 being almost entirely tern- rawary hardness. Both thews waters are o! high organic purity, and may be regarded as first-class drinking waters.—We remain, your obsdient servants, (Sign,d) GRACE, CALVERT & THOMSON.

Absent.

Sir,—l havo mid with snme inten,st the correspond- ence on this subj,e;, 'and wish to ca'.l Otrition to one

===== 0002601_18990224_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX s MIN MI FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, P-99

point which has been omitted from the Mayor's crush kg replies to Mr. Fairclough's letters. Presuming nr‘rely for the purpose of stating my point that the water from the Bold Hill is fit for domestic purposes, a contract would have to be made between the Corpora- tion and the Bold Coninany for a number of years, which on the grounds of proden e would probably not exceed 21. I don't believe either party would enter into a contract for a longer period. The Corporation would then spend unerarda, according to Mr. Fairclough's estimate, of £30,1000, or according to the Corporation estimate, leaving out the question of softening plant, £46,000 and whichever sum was spent would practi- cally bind the Corporation to continue the supply from Bold, after the expiration of the first contract. Now what would b'e the position of the Corporation when the first . contract expired ? the Corporation would be dealing with a trading concern and naturally that concern would try to make every penny they could out of the Corporation. Do you think it is likely that they would renew the contract at anything like 21. per 1,000 gallons? In my opinion the Corporation are well advised to have nothing whatever to do with the Bold Hall Scheme._ Yours truly,

RATEPAYER B.

WARRINGTON AND A WATER FAMINE. Sir,—l don't wish unnecessarily to alarm my fellow- townsmen, but when I am told by the Water Engineer that again within the past few days tho water in the well at Winwick has fallen as low as 19 ffet, it is quite rime to acquaint the town with the serious position which confronts us. It is quite on the cars that we may have to cut off or curtail the Winwick supply for trading purposes within the next twelve months in order to husband our resources for domestic use only,unless we are empower- ed.ss I trust we shall be. to go on with our Bill.To cur- tail the supply of water for trade purposes means restric- tion of employment, loss of wages, inability to pay rents and shopkeepers' bills, and what is even more serious, the probability ot permanently injuring the growth and prosperity of the whole community. I appeal to my fellow rateyayers to seriougy consider the vital import- ane.l of these facts, and lam certain they will then support the Bill.—Yours, etc:,

H. ROBERTS.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON

A CORRECTION. Mr. Joseph Kynaston, of 38, Bank-street, Earles- town. writes us to say that he is not the Joseph Kynaston who was bound over to keep the peace at Newton Patty Sessions on February 9th. P.S.A. At the usual weekly meeting of this society held at the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown on Sun- day, there was a very fair attendance. Mr. W. Brown presided, and the principal speaker was Mr. John Patter. Vocal selections were given by Miss Nellie Gee and Master A. mad Dring and recita- tions by Mr. A. Morris. Mr. S. Dring presided at the piano. 41 NEWTON DEBATING SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of the above society was held in the Congregational Schoolroom on Mon- day evening, Dr. bataam being iii the chair. The subject under discussion was an essay by Mr Douglas McHardy on "The claims on the Lord's Day." Mr. McHardy, Mr. Law and Mr. Duncalf argued against the opening of Art Galleries and Music in etas Park on Sundays. Mr. Clough aad Mr.Speakman spoke in favoar of such innovations. POLICE CASES. At the Earlestown Police Station on Friday morning before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, Rupert for- man of Tyldesley was charged with being drunx and disorderly in Houghton-etrfet, and was fined 2s 6d and costa. P.O Gathercole supported the charge. On Monday morning before Mr. J. W. Em- mett, John Fahey was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Earlestown, on the information of P.C. Gascoyne, and was fined ss, and costs. John Ashley of Collins Green, for being drunk and dis- orderly in Earlestown was fined 58. and costs P.C. G-atbercole proved the case. ' ' 1.0.G.T. HOPE OF BARLESTOWN LODGE. The usual weekly meeting was held on Monday night, chairman Bro. J. Taylor, P.C.T. Two candi- dates were admitted and several propoied. Bra. G. Clarke gave a good report of No. 1 Convention held at Haydeck. The locige had the honour of receiv- ing the district secretary, Bro. Morris Jones of Liverpool, who gave an earnest address stating he had been in the Order 29 years, and held the office as district secretary for the past five years, when the membership was 1,800. He was pleased now to report a great increase this quarter, the total membership being 2,700. The Hope of Earlestown Lodge, he was pleased to hear had had an increase in members. He hoped *soon to see Sunday closing of-public-houses. Never were such eft )rts, as at present, being carried on by the Temperance party throughout the country. Thanks were tendered to Bro. Jones for his visit and address by Bro. G. Clarkeoeconded by Bro E. Newman. A song was nicely rendered by Sister E. Woods. Arrangements were made for open meeting on Monday next. EARLESTOWN SOCIAL CYCLING CLUB. The annual general meeting of the members of this club was held at the headquarters, Wellington Hotel, Earlestown, on Monday evening. Mr. C. Chorlton presided,but there was only a m2derate attendance of members The Secretary. Mr. T. Waring, submitted the statement of accounts, showing the receipts for the year, including a balance of £2 4s. 4d. frem 1897, to be £6 Bs. 53., and the expenditure £4 183. 5,1., leaving a balance of .21 103. —The election of officers was proceeded with, and the following were appointed : Chair- man, Mr. C. Chorlton ; vice•chairman, Mr Bowes; captain for Saturday runs, Mr. Austin; vice- captain, Mr. Latham. The captain for Thuvday runs was left over to be chosen by those turning up at the first run. Secretary, Mr. T. Waring; treasurer, Mr. J. W. Thorpe; delegate to N.O U., Mr. J. B. Porter; Committee, Messrs. Dickenson, Lamb, Latham Pszter, Singleton, Morris, Forster Fitzgerald, J Anderton, Austin, Duke and Unswortli. —lt was stated that a gold pendant would be given to the member who attended the largestnumber of Saturday and Thursday afternoon runs respectively. It was decided to arrange inter-club runs with the Leigh Wheelers. The opening day was fixed for Good Friday, March 31st.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

:_4AD SEQUEL TO A FALL.

Sarah Lloyd, widow,-azed meventy-five, 21, Mrnn-et., St. Helens, tii9d on SundAv nizht from injuries received on thr, 16th .14nuarv, by fallin. downgtAire. THE SERIOUS KICKING OUTRAGE AT ST. HELENS.

At the Sr. Helens Police Court, on Monday before Messrs W. Gamble,T. Glover,and J Grren,Jahn Connolly a labourer, of the " Barracks," Gerard's Bridge, 9734 charged with unlawfully wounding Susannah Cheatham with intent to do her griev )us b‘d,lv harm.—Chief Con- stable Wood stated that Mrs Cheitham, who was the wife of Joseph Cheatham, a collier, of 11, Higher Parr- street, left her home about half-past 'iht on Saturday night to visit the house of her brother, who lived in Vernon-ltreet. Her brother was not in, and Mrs Che.t- ham called at the house of a Mrs Poole, who lived at No. 6, Vtraon-streat. There was a boy named Eiward Toole in the house, and Mrs Cheetham, who had had a little drink, lay down on the aora and fell asleep. About half-past nira aho was awakened by the prisoner, who dragged her off the firfa. He threw her into a corner, where he caught hold of her, but b.- cause she resisted him he kicked her violently on the head, causing a serious wound. Dr. Kinnear was called in,and he put several stitchEa in the wound, and ordered her removal to the Proviience Homital. where her de- positions were taken before a magistrate on Sunday night. She was grill in the hostit Al,and wag not able to attend the court and he (Chief Consqthl* Wood) there- fore askni for a remand of the prisoner for a week.— Edward Toole, 13 y ;of ar,?, of 6. Vernon-street. nor- roborstrcl.— Dr. Kinnear said he was callrd to see the woman,and after stitching the woond on her head he or- dered her removal to the Providence Hrsoital. Fla had seen her that morning. If she continued to do well On might hal to attend curt in the course of a weak or tn days.—The prisoner was then remanded for a week.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TER,RIBTit DTgA.STPA AT BOLD COLLIERY. TII EE ME KILLED.

An accident of a mnst hockinl description, by which three men were burird alive an i killed and two others were injured, occurred on Monday morning at Bold Colliery, St. Helens, belonging to the Collins Gr^en Colliery. The mm concerond in the action were five drawers, who were hlying breakfast at eight o'clock that morning at the onl of one of the drawing roads by the side of the main haulage brow of the No. 2 pit of the Florida Mine.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
T 13R, INQUEST.

The inquest on the bodies of the three men—William Ihnnella.n. 27 years of age, of 30, Weymouth street, Batton. St. Helene ; Philio Fegarty, 23. of 11. Wev- month:street ; end James Thomason, 16, of Newtnn- roed, Parr, St. rielene—who were killed in the Bold St. Rel'ens .Tenetien, by the fall of a portion of the roof, on 111 ,nday morning, was opened before Mr. S. Brighouse, enunty coroner, at the Clock Face Inn. Bold, near St. Ilelons, on Tu.sday night. The Ceroror said the men were working in the Florida Min° of the N. 3 p't of the Bold Collieries, belonging to the Collins Green Colliery Company, and shortly befor eight ta'alncic on Monday mnrnine some boxes of coal were being wound up a brow by an endless rope, when two of the boxes slipped and became detached, and ran down the brow. Near one of the levele the full boxes caught an empty box which was being drawn by a drawer named William Parr, who, on seeing the full boxea coming down the brow. ran out of t way. The full boxes, knocked the empty one against a bar, whi^h was knoeked down. The three men named were getting their breakfasts at the time,and the knock- ing down of the bar caused the roof to fall, and the three men were buried under the dirt. They were got nut as quickly as poscible. but they were all fund to he dead There were five other men with those who were killd wlyn the accident happenel, two of whom were injured—W;lliam Parr, and Ishmael earth, lge. The nortinn of th roof that fell measnred about 7ft. by Tft. He (the ner.n..) had called the jury to hoer evidence of identifieation, and to enable him to give the necessary orders for the burial of the mien. It would he necessary te afterwarde adjourn the inquiry, as the Government inspector a mines in all cases where more than two lives , were lost, required four clear days' notice before the in- I waa hrid. end it would give the colliery owners. I and relatives of the men, and evervbedy also cnneerned the opportunity of getting all the available information they fruld in vend to the oecnrrenee. Evidenee of id.ntity was given. and the Coroner then intimated that that vras all the evidence he proposed to call that night. Referring to the inconvenient swam- morlation provided at that house. he said he did not think he ought to be called upon by the county authori- ties or anyone else to hold an iccpiry under such clrco- cumstanres. Ile had been making a calculagoe, and he found about 26 persons would be in attendance, and to expect them to hold an inquiry f-ir an hour end a half in a small room like that was unfair to the jury and un- fair to him (the corner).—After some conversation with the jury and the police officers roncerned. the Coroner intimated that the inqn:r., would he adjeurned to Tues- day forenoon next, at 11 40, when it would be resutrei at the Horns' Inn, Bold.

A‘IC fcr CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATRIrSI.. Advt. " LINSTIFT) CONTPOUNDI" (Trade Mark for Courths7 and Colas. of proven:eilleacy. 13fd. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt. ,

===== 0002601_18990224_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL-CaIIRCHES.

THE CHRTSTADELPFIIAN MEETING ROOM. Mr. T. S. McNair, of Warrington, lectured in the Christade'phian Room on Sunday, on" A much used and much abused passage of Scripture." i.e John 3 and 16," God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." The theme of this incomes they would observe was God's love, and not the implacab'e hate which oldfashinned theologians repreecn- ted. Christ's mission showed the tenderness of God to limners beings, and it was not a matter of God being re- conciled to men, but men to God. The object of this love and reconciliation was that they might not perish. The word p^rish was not what theologians would lead them to believe—a living in torment for ever—it meant to pass away completely. Of several instances and illuctrationi of the correct Biblical meaning of the word, the 37th Psalm and 201 i verse was most emphatic. "The wicked shall perish, and the enemies of the Lord shall be as the fat of lambs, they, shall consume; into smoke shall i hey consume away." Some were like the beasts that perish, and this perishing condition was the remit of sin. "The wa.es of sin is death but the gift of Ge,d is eternal " Jews Christ's words were" I give ueto them eternal life an-I they shall never perish." God off re eternal life. Those who desired the gift could have it by believing. Belief meant a hearty acceptance of Him and His teaching be'h moral and doctrinal. A. mere verbal expression of faith rould not rave, for faith without works is dead, being Meng. If they believed and were haptizod, they would not perish, but would have ever- resting life. A believer,vras one who realized who Christ Was and his relationship to God and to Abraham, that he was he Messiah and that he was to set up the King- dem of God on the earth. Baptism was the outward and visible sign of union with Christ, and had been abandoned becauSe the belief was not in the churches. If they had been baptized and were walkieg worthily it would be well with them, hut if not what then. The invitation was wheseeeer. They might enclude them- selves by net complying with the conditions. for Silva- tion was a great gift and not to be trifled with. In the absence of Christ they would soon all pass away and he earnestly urged them to accept salvation while it was yet" Today,"

ITHE CHURCH AND SOCIAL QUESTIONS. At St. James' Church, on Senriey afternoon the Rev. F E. pawll took for his suhjec; "The, Church and Social Qusstions ; Christ's message to the Industrial World." The spraker c ompared the solar system to our life, and said the great controlling influence of our life was He who was to us what the sun was to the solar system. There were some conditions of life we could not help but there ware certaie relationships we made for ourselves. For instance an Englishman could not help being barn an Englishman. but it was the second-' are. relationships that const;tuted the real forces in human life. Mr. Powell said in human society there were three princip'ee very analogous to three in the solar system. First there was the individuality, the personal force of each human being. Secondly,there was a great Sovereign Power which limited the conditions of the in- dividuality of each human being. And thirdly,besides the primary relationship of each human being to his God there were secondary relationsbipe—some made for them, e g , the family, the national; some they made for themselves, e g., neighourhood, clubs, societies, Sec. The human mind was so constituted that is was apt to become one-siiel in its view of life, Some emphasized' the godly relationship to the exclusion Of the others Others, on the other hand, forgot that primary relation ship altogether. The anond gr-at aspect of life wa individdalism. That force had built up their civilization on its material File, and was therefore not altogether had, but a true force in life. But its unrestricted play had brough . untoe:l nokery and desoeation. With the increase of wealth there had been a simultaneous increase in want. Their industrial system was mainly based upon undiluted, unrestrained indi viduelism, and was worthy rA the condemnation of all tight-thinking people. 'A system which for the sake of greedy gain encouraged unhealthy and dangerous trades like the match fac celes,anct white had poisoning, which permits women working in insanitary ceinditione, to earn is per day of 17 hours; which bail 4i millions of the population ever en the verge of pauperism, such a system csuld not be too severely re- probated. The third aspect of life was socfalistic. Here not selfish but brotherly instincts were appealei to. The salvation of the race was not less important than the salvation of the individual. And that they were on the eve ot vast changes was =tam. So far from fearing; these they welcomed them with a thankful heart: Lot them try not to be one-sided. Let them recognize the three principles of human society which Christians recognized: personal self-love, socialistic fraternity and the fear of God. The individual ceuld be perfected only when he co-operated with society. Society could only be perfected when the individual inanhoxl and womanhood of each was developed and metered. And both Individualism and Socialism, to be of use and a b'eseing, must be har- monized and balanced by the love of God. ' THE REV. W. H. DRUMMOND AND THE PEACE ' CRUSADE.

The Rev. W. H. Drammeod delivered a sermon in Cairo-street Chapel on Sunday evening on "The Peace CruFade," taking for his text the vrarda " On earth peace." He remarked that they as Christian people would not only have the opportunity as Cit'Zlll4 cine community of exoreesiag their le eine. with regard to the great crusade of peace which was going on in the country, but they wished that night more openly and avowedly to associate it with their religion. The preacher ailuded to the objntions raised to the Czar's mattifesto, and stid they might plead for the cause of peace on purely economic grounds, as they re- membered the terrible drain upon natonal resources, especially in some of the poorer couetries of the Contin- ent, GII social and political grounds as they saw the grave danger of the growth of the military spirit,as they watched with increasing anxiety the struggle that was at present going on in France, where the military spirit was corrupting the national sense of ju,tice and doing much to rob them of that respect they felt for a country which had done such great things in the past for literature, art, and fr the greater interests of men. That nieht let them rather lay strong emphasis on the Christian motives,for though the economic and political reasoes might have very great weight in their minds, and 'justly so, they struck a stronger and deeper chord when they appealed directly te the great Christian Peals of human life—to the great sacredness of human life. No longer were they content te say that a man most live and struggle for himgelf alone. They were members one of another, not only when they were reading the New Testament, but also when they were engaged in politics or in industrial enterpOsseand that sams motive tnight work a profound charge in their international relations. The more the Christian motive of fellowship animated them the more they would be prepared to dedicate themselves to every movement which made for the widening of brotherhood amongst men. This was a movement of the peeple,end it depended for its 81.13CEIS upon the people. It was a religious movement; he did net mean a clerical move- ment or that it had any religious class feeling about it, that it was simply a matter to be discussed in pulpits, but a religieus movement bee toss it directly appealed to the deepest interests and to the meet anselt.sh desires of the people as a whelp.

14o;ft-rOlaUßlNtri OF SKIN humours is instantly relieved, and speedily and permanently; cured by warm baths with Ouricual SIAP, gentle anointing with Ccericona (Ointment), the groat skin curs, followed by full doses Of CIITICURA RICAOLVWST. grest,st of blood purifiers and hum )ur cures, when physicians, hospitals. and all other rem-d'es fail. More great cures of tortur- ing, disfiguring Eczema are daily made by CUTICURti re- randies than by all other skin and blood remedies corn- binei. The Lest physicians oadorse and prf-scritie them, chemists everywhere rocommend them, and they are guaranteed absolutely pure by the highest authorities, wiv..se certificates of analysis accompany every p icka7e.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PIONEER LECTURES AT EARLESTOWN. THE GROWTH OF THE BRITISH

The firs'. lecture in the series on " The Growth cf tha British Empire" was gives in the Town Hall, Eirlestown on Wedneslay evening, by Mr. H. Yule Oldham, M.A., reader in Geography in the University of Cambridge, who took for his subjelt "The Fiel I of Empire." TOot9 was again a large aud.ence. Mr.R. Birton presided and said he thought that night was the beginning of their lectures. That which was given by Dr. Da Linger was, _ _ .

if he might term it, a tit-bi%-and that night they ban the lectures on the British &nein, and Ell thought they would agree with him that the Committe3 had acted wisely in bringing such a subject before them this whi- ter. (Hear, hear.) The I.acturer said they would have noticed, doubt- _ . .

lessly, ita the little syllabus which had been issuei, that in the forefront of that page devoted to his lecture was something said concerning position,and though it might be tainiliar to most of them, he would drlw their at- tention to the fact that position induced importtnt re-

sults. If they wore setting out to establish any great centre of business, he thought, undoubtedly, they would select a positioa that was central, bat supposing they had a choice between a warehouse or shop on the outskirts of the town, or a business in the centre, there was no doubt they would chose the centre. Poiltion was of the most vital importance. There was a school in the Midlands which owed its

popularity to its position, he meant a great school at Rughy.The lights in the hall were then turned down,and by means of the oxy-hvdrogen light, he showed many illustrations of maps, &a, the first being descriptive of England in relation to early ceutres of civilisation. Toe first explorers were the Phoenicians, who in voyaging through Europe formed Colonies round its shores, and pushing oit into the Atlantic reached the British Isles probably, and possibly may have sailed all round Africa, but they covered up their traces eff,ctually. Their wonderful achinv2-ments became practically forgotten,and their work had to be done again by that extraordinary

race the Greeks, and the pillars of Hercules were set up, which they would recognise as the two great points guarding the Mediterranan. In course of time the British Isles were opened up by the Greeks, setl3l three centuries brfore the Christian era. At this time the Greeks had no idea whatever as to the globular shape of the earth. Erroneous ideas as to the size of the earth cropped up, and the dimensions given had Co be reduced and in the middle of the second century the world had been reduced in imagination to two thirds of its actual size. A map of the world according to Ptolemy. A.D., 150 was then thrown on the screen. In this map Asia was made te stretch so far te the east that it stretched more than half way round the earth, and the British Isles were'shown in the other coreer of the in of the world hopelessly shut out in an oh ;cure cornsr. After this followed centuries of the deepest darkness, such that he could not attempt to discribe to them. He junaird from the second to the sixth century,a,ed he showed what was the best map of the world that had ever been produced, drawn by, a Monk named Cosms Indicopleustis, who represented the world as oblong. Bat in the next cen- tury the world was shown circular, some'hirg like a flat plate, and diyided into three parts, Errepe, Asia and Africa' and the ocean flewing all round, this was drawn by Imlago Munadin. Another map of' the world was shown the great idea of which was that Jerusalem was in the The beauty of such a map was that a traveller was able to reach the edge of the earth, and peer at the heavens beyond. Venice in the middle ages had 'Meg in it a certain family called Palo, and one or two sons, Maros Polo by name became in the 13th century a great traveller, and left his native city able the middle of the 13th century and wended his way along the whole length of Asia until he reached the furthest extremes and saw the great cities of China. He made his way to Pales- tine through Persia, Turkestan to Pekin. When Marco Polo arrived at Pekin the great Mongolian empire had split up. He found in China numerous signs of civilisa- tion. Hang Chau was described as a great city con- taining over a million houses. It had admirable orgeni- Rations, with police and fire brigades. When the fire gong was sonnded no one was allowed to go out into the streets except the fire brigade. and this he sail was "a principal they might very well adopt in England. The streets were well paved and well drained ; they had innumerable canals, and there were 1,200 brideee. Marie Polo while there heard of a wonderful island whinti lay out in the sea, which was described as a wonderfully rich island, where there were precious stones and pearls, and a palace, the interior of which was practically of gold. This was Japan. After returning to Venice, Mareo Polo was captured in a great fight and carried off to Genoa where he was confined in a prison. During his confinement he committed to paper the story of his wanderings, and that story proved an incentive to Western Nations to find new routes to the east, A modern map was then exhibited and the lecturer said it showed almost exactly what was shown in the 14th century. The richest commerce in the world was the trade with India, Silks frore India, spices frsm China, made their way to Venice, where they were distribetel over the rest of Europe and that seas what made Venice rich. He then went on to explain the finding of a new route to the east. Prince Henry son of King John of Portugal spent his whole life in sending expeditioa after expedition in order to penetrate into the unke, we in order to prove if possible that an ocean really ley all round Africa to the East. Before he began his work, no man knew anything beyond Morocco opposite the Canary Islands. But he sailed on as far as Gambia, which was the limit in his life. He had spent 45 years in exploring and unveiling the coast of Africa and after his death his spirit lived on, and his succeesers explored the coast bit by bit. Fifteen years after his death, the equator was passed and gradually thee crept on always on towards the South, until at trait some 25 years after Prince Henry's death, one bolder than the rest did a very brilliant feat. Bartholomew Dyes went on to the orange state and sailed on to Algoa bay, and after sailing some time along the coast he found it went towards the North east. He interned to Portugal and reported his result stating he had found a stormy cape. The end of Africa had Iren found, and the news being of a joyful character the stormy cape was named the Cape of Good Hope. Some eleven years later Prince Henry's seherne was improved on. Fran- cesea de Game sailed from Portugal and after reaching Mombasa he struck across the ocean to India, and from there he passed on to the SOiC9 islands. Whilst Africa was b bag unveiled, events of an important nature were transpiring elsewhere. It was in Genoa that the great eanlorer Christopher Columbus was born. At the age of 14 he went to sea to learn the business of a sailor. The lecturer then went on to describe the carrying out of the scheme formulated by Tuscanelli a Florentian, by which hell said if Columbus would'sail to'the West he wonld besure to come to the Eset. It was in werkine out this idea that Columbus fell in with the island which afterwards became known as America. Columbus had 'been sailing to the West, and had only been on the sea 8 weeks when he came to the land, and he naturally thought he had reached Ihdiat He -returned to Spain end gave a wonderful account of what he had done. It was a vast error, how- ever, which was perpetuated to this day in the name West Indies. The name America Came from a famous Flerentian, Amerige Yelper-mei. This man followed in the wake of Colninhus and explored S -uth America.and from the animals Sze., that he flaw came to the emelt]. sien that this was an unknown land, and that he had discevercd a new world. The re etries that Columbus had discovered were still called t 1,7 trie names he gave them, and were ennneend te he off the coast of Asia, bet the name of America only applied to the South. Gradu- ally it crept op co the North, Ind finally the whole country brceme known as America. The discovering of the Straits of Magellan by Ferdinand Magellan was next referred to, this voyager having fur the first time cir- cemnavisrated the world. Pneraite were shown of John Haeokyns, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Walter Raleigh, the latter he said being in the Ezebethen period the instigater of exploration', and the founder to a great extent of our Colonial Empire. 500 years ago Venice was the centre of the world. At that time Eurole only looked to the East, to the West was the pathless barrier of the Atlantic. After the discovery of the Cape route, which diverted for 31 cen- turies she stream of Eastern commei•ce, from its old hi,- tonic route through the Mediterranean, Venice, decayed, and Lisbon became the commercial centre, but neither were now the great centres of activity. What might be called the commercial centre of the world is London out- else the Bank of England. Venice and Lisboa had had their day and from the banks of the Thames and from the Houses of Parliament was stretched out a controlling hand over the greatest empire of the world, and that we had won this great empire was due above all te the enormous change' wrought by the heroic eff ,rts of those great exnlorers who had unveiled for us the fiedd of em- pire. (Applause.) Votes of thank, to he Lecturer and Chairman termin- ated the proceedings.

The chief feature of the report of the Public Benefit Boot Comranv. Ltd., is the same as was acted a rad ago, namely, the large am mot of unemployed capita pesqessed by the company. The cash in hand and at bankers amounts to no less than £34,793, while the re- serve fund of £B,OBO is invested in debentures of other compinies. Taken together, there is at the disposition of the directors nearly £43,000 which they have not sern fit to invest by opening out further branch shops. We do not war, this in reproach, flr we entirely endorse the steady-going' po'icy which the Board has evidently adopted. Notwithstanding their large idle capital, the Public Benefit Co. can still pay 11. per cent upon its ordinary shares. Snre!y it is totter to do this than to engage in reckless competition all over the country,with convquences which cinnot be ago.; tained until too late for remedy. The report cle2r'y endorses our own im- pression that the multiple shop business has reached the print where further expansion is dangerous.

LINUM CITIIARTICIINI PILLS. cligegtive, corral- ti,re, :mei agreeably aperient, 93/44.. 13td.—Of all Chemitts..—Advt.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

POACHING AT GOLBMNE

At the Newton Pony Sessiens on Thursday, before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (eh drm an),.and Mr. C. B. F. Berron, John Orrell and William Rayner, colliers, were charged with trespassing on land in the occupation of Hugh Boscaw on February 11th, and Orrell was also charged with assaulting Huh Bosco w.—Defendants pleaded not guilty.—Mr. H. J. Longtoe appeared for the prosecu- tion and Mr. H. L. Riley. for the defence.—Mr. Lengton said on the Saturday in question the defendants were seen on land in the occ spation of Hugh and William Bescow. of Lightshaw Firm, Glib Irne. The time was about 9.30 in the morning, and one was on each side of a hedge ferreting for rabbits. Tney had a sort of lurcher dog with them. William BO9COW watched them for some time and they called the dog,off when they saw him coming towards them, and put the muzzle on the dog. Another witness afterwards saw them on another part of the land,and thee were seen to catch a rabbit by two witnesses. Th 3 defendants afterwards returned to where they had been earlier in the moraine:. The Boa. COWS cams up and ()twit took his coat off and threat- ened Hugh Boscow to "punch ifs liver out and give him something to summon him for." Ha kicked Hugh Boscow on the leg. Defendant had clogs on andwhen Bog- cow was on the ground, he kicked him in the ribs, and called to Reyitor to come up, but Raynor was talking to the brother, William Boscew. William BOSCOW saw a rabbit sticking out of the pocket of Raynor. He (Mr . Longton) might add that Orrell had threatened if he wag summoned, he would set fire to Messrs. BO3COW'S buildings.— William and Hugh Boscow, Lightshaw Hall Farm, gave evidence.— Samuel Watkins, head gamekeeper for Lord Newton also gave evidence.—Mr. Riley for the defence said the m-ne set out to go to Golborne through a foot road on the land in qaestion. The dog they h4d with them was not for such purposes as had been suggested nor had it been used. They bore good characters and had never been charged for this offence hefore.7-Orrell said he had neither a rabbit nor a net on him.—Raynor said it was not a rabbit he had in his pocket, it was cheese and bacon.—Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Orrell also gave evidence but the Beech considered the cat° proved and fined each of defendants 103 and ousts for poaching and Orrell in addition 54 and costs for the assault. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A WOSIAN AT EARLESTOWN.

At the Newt3n Petty Sessions on Taursd ay befoie Mr. Gillespie (in the chair), and Mr. C. B. F. Berton. Michael Rabbit was charged with assaulting Mary Ann Smethurst on February 4th. Mr. A. E. White prosecuted Mr. J. W. Knowles who appeared for the defence pleaded not guilty.—Mr. White said the complainant was in her mother's house in Grafton-street, and at the , time the defendant came in there were al,o in the house complainant's uncle and a man named Patrick Daly. Some words took place and defendant said to complain- ant if she wouLl not go out he would kick her oat. She refused and picked up a jag. Defeldant kn3cked the jag out of her hand. caugnt her by the arm and pushed net into the kitchen. In the kitchen were 11(vanuah O'Neil and James Gibbons and d3ferriant kicked her about the legs' and banged her head against the door jamb. He kinked this complainant out of tne house and threw her down. He anerwards opened the door and threw her hat and cloak out.— Mary Ann Smethurst, wife of William Smethurst, Wargrave-

road, Earlestown,bore out her solicitor's statement. She was not able to get out until February 6!.h.—John Burrows, St. Helens, said he was passing the house at the time and saw the defendant push complainant out of the house with his knees, holding her by the arms be- hind.=-MAry Bung° said on the day in question she saw complainant bleeding from a cut on the head. She washed her head and Mrs. Smethurst then complained of Ipr leg being hurt, and whoa she looked it was very much swollen.—Dr. Mcunsey said he saw complainant.

Her right leg was vary much bruised as high as the knee but the left leg was not so hid. Her left arm was also bruised and on the forehead was a superficial wound. The wounds bad heated very bally.—By Mr. White : There must have been considerable violence used.—Mr. Knowles for the defendant said he would call witnesses and the bench would be sati3fiqd it was a trumped up affair.—Mary O'Neil.tnother of the complain- ant, said be daughter eot violent and she asked defen- dant to put her out. Complainant was drunk.—By the defendant: The defendant did not kick her.—Patrick Daley gave corroborative evidence.—James Smith, Grafton-strelt,said he saw Rabbit put defendant out but he did not use any unnecessary force. She fell in the street because she was drunk.—Michael Rabbit, who gave evidence on oath said complainant's mother asked him to put her daughter out before she (her daughter) murdered her. He neither struck her nor kicksi her. She eau 4ht against the sewing m i.ch.ine,and also caught her head by falling against the curb outside the door.— The Bench said there was considerable doubt about the matter and dismiesed the ease.

M NOti OA.

A SOLICITOR'S PRoTEST r. W. W. Shirley appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Newtoa-in-Mekerfield Urban Dis- trict Council in the case of Thomas Speeb Market-street, Barlestowu,for allowing his chimney to be on fire on January 16.—Mr. A. E. White protested on behalf of the solicitors of the court against Mr. Shirley appearing in that court to pro- secute. He did not consider it was fair to the profession.— Mr. Shirley said, as clerk of the Urban District (Council he had power to appear in any court.—The Magistrates con- curred in this and the ease procsedel.—Defendant was fined 6d. AN OBSTINATE CUSTOMER. —Arthur Skidmore was charged with beingjdruuk and disorderly on the 18th February ; re- fusing to quit licensed premises ; and with assaulting James Henry Forster and John Bentham.—Defdant pleaded guilty to all the charges —Mr HE L Riley. who appeared on behalf of the complainants, said on the day in question de- fendant was in the Houghton Arms of which Mr. Forster was licensee. Defendant had followed a man in the house and struck him and when affr Forster told him that would not do defendant butted him on the head. Later defendant came in again and struck Bentham on the head with a jug and Mr Forster had him removed f3r the second or third time. The defendant was a respectable man when not in drink.—The bench fined defendant 5s and costs in etela case. A BRUTAL SoN.—john Fahey was charged with assaulting Jemima Fahey on February 18th at Newton.—Comolainant, who appeared with one eye blackened and the other band- aged, said the defendant was her son. He had always been hard working but it was through drink. She wanted him out of the house.—The Chairman told defendant it Was no laughing matter and bound him over to keep the peace for 12 months in two sureties of 810 or gp to prison. !alma OrrENces.—The following were fined 2s 6d and Costs for being drunk and disorderly : —Richard Knight, Anthony Arkwright. John Woodin, Joseph Dean,and Thomas Connor. James Shwrock and John Boerdnian were fined 5a and costs for the same offence. and Catherine Carlin, and Margaret English were each lined 2s 6,1 and costs. for being drunk.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EAALESTOWN

(BY A CORRF.SPONDENT.) FOOTBALL.

Contrary to expectation, Haydock were un- able to vanquish Earlestown on Saturday last, in their Alliance fixture. A pod number of suppor- ters accompanied them, and they were nwarded by a splendid exhibition of football. Earlestown in- cluded Harrisson, a new acquaintance, in the team, but owing to Leach having failed to put in an ap- pearance, Lee had to join the forward rank, and Alldridge was put half-hack. The result showed that the absence of Leach was a most fortunate occurrence, as Aildridge played a determined game all through. and was generally losst of the half- back line. He was instructed to keep close eye on Smith, one of the liaydock wing players, and he carried out his inktructions to the letter, clinging to Smith like "an old man of the sea." Haydock played their" full Lancashire League team," but it availed them nothing against the Alli- ance team of Earlestown, ani in fact they had a very narrow shave of being defeated, as Earlestown pressed the greater part of the second half of the game. There WaS much dissatisfaction expressed at the close of the game, owing to the referee having it was said, called time, two minutes before the 80 minutes were up. Whether this made any differ- ence in the game or not, lam not prepared to Fay, but Earlestown vi,,,re clustering round the Haydock goal at the time.

The protest which Earlestown lodged against Bamfurlong in connection with the tie in the com- petition for the Wigan cup in consequence of the ground not beinq the regulation length of 100 yards, was considered on I.londay evening. After hearing the evidence for and against the protest, the committee decided that E irlestown were justi- fied in their action,and allowed the protest,ordering the tie to be replayed at Earlestown to-morrow (Saturday.) Much feeling has been exhibited in all the games hitherto, but in order to prevent any un- fairness, it has been decided that Cie linesmen shall Le neutral.

On last week's form Earlestown should win, and I think, seeing they will b,l on their own ground, they should easily dispose of t!,:e Colliery men.

Enilestown Rovers met W arringt m St. Elphin's at Etirlestown on Saturday, in the Warrington and District League, and the Rovers; succeeded in de- feating St. Elphin's by 4 goals to 2.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BAGATELLE.

1 ' S. CLEMENTS v. LA.TCHITED.—PIayed at S. Clement's on 1 Monday, Scores 8 CLEMENT 'S LITCHFORD Scores 52 T P Forbes 43 j Hamblett J Smith 37 J Jones J Potter 64 67 R Maskiil 62 F Harter 59 'l' Hibbert J Wilkineon 46 65 J. Hall 37 3 11, Wills J Brierley 69

LA_T EST NEWS.

THE ADVANCE OF THE KEIALIFA SEVERE DEFEA.T OF FRIENDLLES. CAIRO, IHUaSDAY.

The Khalifs has severely defeated the friendlies. TheEKchange 'telegraph Company states that the War Otte° authorities decline to give any informati )n relative to the movemen's of the Khalifs, PROBABLE ARMY OF 60,000 DERVISHES.

The " Star'?' Cairo correspon'dent telegraphs yester- day morning .—" The Elaine's p3sition4 are impreg- nable. He his even flaw at his disposal 15,000 men.and t is feared that he will soon be at the head of 60,000 resolute followers. In this case events hitherte unex- pected may occur which will necessitate immediate action on tie part of the Anzio-E ,vptian Goverammt. TEE DIISqNG BITIAARIA. THE OWNERS sum.. HOPEFUL.

On inquiry yesterity afternoon at the offt2e3 of the Hamburg-American Company, a Press repr33entative was informed tint notwithstanding the latmt news from New Yorkuthe company hope that their missing liner is still afloat.

BALTIMORE, THURSDAY MORNING.

The four rescued persons from the ill-fated Bulgs.ria, who were landed here yesterday all express their firm conviction that the Bulgaria must hays foundered on the night of the sth February. Considering her condition they did not believe she could have lived for many hours after they left her. FUNERAL OF PRESIDENT FAURE. •

The funeral of the late M. nix Faure, President of the French Rspuhllc, to9k place yesterd ty in Paris The weather was fine, and the'spectacle a brilliant one. Up to the time of going to presi no disorder has been re- ported. The most elaborate precautions were taken for the preservation of peace. LATEST LOCAL WEAT.IER FORECAST. 1 The following forecast of the weathm for the ensuing ' twenty-four hours in the north-west of E igland was issued at the Meteorological Office at three o'clock yeste:- day afternoon : South-easterly or s)uth-westerly winds, light ; fair generally, but some mist or fog.

GORDON AND THE MA.HDPS HEAD.

Ths " Pall Mall Gavtte " is informed upna Ex3ellent authority that the statement made in yescerdav morn- ing's" Daily Chronicle" that the Mthii's head was sent to Naj )1. G Tion, the nvh,vr of Gr.m.,:ral Gordan is absolutely without founlat'ln.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRISGTON NIARKETS.

Prices at the Warrington Corn Market on Wed— nesday were as follow :—New wheat (white) fetched 35 lid (701 b to the bushel) ; read wheat, 33 9d to 33 101 ; new oats, 25 31 to 23 4t Flour, beat seconds, per 2401 b., 183 61. Bran, 111,ft to is 3d. per 201 b. In the provision market, prices were : Fresh butter is 2d and is 41 per lb ; fresh eggs, 9 and 10 for a is ; fowls, 43 6d to 54 per couple; ducks, Os; English beef, 53 to 10d; mutton, 6d to 9I; veal, 7d to 11d ; pork, 63 to 8 1.

===== 0002601_18990224_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
-SANKEY HARRIERS.

This club travelled to Crewe last Saturday, to compete in the Northern Cross-country Junior Championship held at Crewe Hall Park. The dis- tance was 7 miles of country. Sixteen clubs had entered, the total number of runners being 142. G. W Eastwood coming in 14th, was the fir 4 home for the club, whilst T Devlin, was 2nd, J Prince 3rd, J wilding 4th, J Potts sth, E Davies 6th, G Purdue, 7th A Yates, Bth and H Mainley 9th. The positions of the clubs are as follows : Points.

1 Dalton A A H

2 Bolton P H 3 Winnington P H 4 Broughton H and A C 147 5 Eccles H 6 Sankey id — 278 7 North Manche,ter H 8 Liyerpoo, P H 320 _ __

9 Farnwo th If 10 Radcliffe If 352 11 Hollinwoed H 12 Hugh Oldham H

13 Ma'eciesfisld H 14 Moss Side H 507 15 South Manchester H 16 Manchester Cyclists H

Warrington.— Printed and publishedby John WALKZR & Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-stre.t• and published ',17 thigh at the same p:ace and also at The Examiner loth Vietoria-ro id, AT) DN ; 42, George street, ST. Hie.r., and 3 trket-street, othEsrovrx the County ot Laat,t,r and Also at lit,!h-str..t, RUNCAS In the County or Chester.—FEßltUA.RY 24 1333.

===== 0002601_18990224_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S SAUSAGES ARE UNEQUALLED FOR QUALITY.

CHRISTADELPHIAN ROOM, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.—LECTURE (0.v.) 6.30 p.m., Feb. 26th, Subject : " The Love and Powr of God Jnanifest in the D,ath and Resurrection of t hrist." by Mr. E. BELLAMY of Stockport. Seats free, No wile:dons or offer- 1n s. NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. FEBRUARY 191 a as follows : Worship 10.30. School 2.0 Uospel 6.39. PREAcrEFits : Messrs. F. TAYLOR and F. 33ROADHURST. All seats free. No collection. Books pro- vided.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES AT POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S AND SAVE MONEY.

"OUT OF THE HORRIBLE PIT "will be the subject of an ADDRESS to be given by Mr. A. E. WIEDLE in the PAM:, HALL, on SUNDAY NEXT, FEB. 26rEf, at 815 p.m. Open to both sexes. Bright singing. ' Collection towards expenses.

AGED PERSONS TREAT, RUNCORN. THE COMMITTEE of the above EARNESTLY INVITE 'SUBSCRIPTIONS in AID of the AGED PERSONS TREAT, at Rbincorn.'which it is proposed to give to all the Aged Per- 'eons (over 6) A ears) in Runcorn and Dis'aict. at the Public Hall, en March Bth, 1899. MR. SAMUEL TAYLOR, (Chairman). MR. E. IMISON. (Treasurer). MR. G. HOWARD, (Secretary). - MR. JOSHUA NALL. (Assistant Secretary), WARRING- VON BOROUGEI GY \INAS WM.— THE SECOND ANNUA I, SCHOOL CHILDREN'S DRILL COMPETITION and TUG of WAR. MONDAY next FEBRUARY 27th, 1899. CH.LIMAN : D. JONES, Isq. Teams from the 'ollowing schools will compete :—St. Alban's, St. BenediAs (Orford-Aane), St. James' (Latchford), Et. Mary's (Buttermarket-street). t..,t Paul's. Pe Ipies College • Holy Trinity, and Wscliffe Admission. Reserved Chairs, is; second Seats, 61 ; Back Seats. 3d. Doors open at 7 o'clock. Commence at 7-30 prompt. rlo money taken at doors until 7.15. 243 Children will compete.

PEARL LIFE ASSURANCW, COMPANY, LTD. ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE Y'4IA.R ENDING DECEMBER 31sT. 193. Presented at the Thirty-Fifth Annual Geueral Meeting, field at the Offices of the Company, London Bridge City, 8.C., Friday, February 17111, 1899, The Directors are once more able to make the gratifying Stmouncement that the prow sass of the Company during the past year has been great r than any they have previously recorded, uotwithstanoing the fact that for five months dur- ing the year the bush ess was partly paralysed in one of the largest Divisions by the South Wales trade disturbance. The Company's operations are now of such magnitude that even a grave -struggle such as this h-as been, we Ii its far reaching consequences, is slat sufficient to stem the ride of the Corn- Party's proerese. The Dire tors third{ that the following figures-will be more eloquent; than words in illustrating the Company's advance during the past three years : Premiums. Funds. 1896 1897 1893 ..............£823,782 In the ORDIN eRY B a2l SO a the Preraiu n Income for 1898 amounted to £63881, being a.ri increase of £11,492 over that of the previous year. the Funds amount to £193,813, shewing an addition tor the year of £44,953 The premiums on eTew Policies issued during the year amount to £22 961 Ss 85, assuring the sum of £555,977. By virtue of the new method. of weekly classification of statistics referred to last year, Mr Rea, the Company's actuary was enabled immediately after th. Close of the books to complete the valuation of the whole of the Comp:Joey's business with results that reveal a surplus of IN THE ORDINIII,V Bua.tNCR £18.336 LannsTeeaL BRANCH £113,737 £132,073 The directors recomnaend that the sum of £113,492 lOs be carried forward leaving £13,671 10s to be divided as-a bonus among the Participating Policy-holders cud Share- holder.. INCOME. The total income for the year amounted to £652,123 3s 11d, 'being an increase of £87,531 Its 6cl over that of last year. PREMIUNIti (DECENIBER 1898). The Premiude Income on the policies in force on the Com- pany's books, including 809,682 new policies issued during the year, amounted to £717,528 OS Id. CLAIMS. The company has paid 34,913 Life Claims. Grants, and Natured Endowments during the year, amounting with onuses, to £222,834 13s Bd, which, added to the sums pre- viously paid in ce.ims since the establishment of the Com- pany, make a totel or £f.137.398 les 83. ASSURANCE FUND. The Life Assurance Fund, with capital paid up, now , amounts to £833.562 Os 7d showing an increase for the year of £115,237 l& ed. The Directors heartily thanked the staff of the Company for the continual care, zeal and ability, with which they have devoted their time and attention to the Company's -interest during the year. By Order, P. J. FOLEY. Managing Director. Bee Reports and Opinions o! the Press as to the remarkable 'Progress made by the Company. Wanted, additional repre- sentatives in all districts. To good busiaess men liberal terms and certain success. —Apply to the Managing Director at the Chief Office. Adelaide Buildings, London Bridge, City, B C, or to the District Superintendent, MR. T. GERRA.RD, 50, GRUENWAY ROAD, RUNCORN'.

teiHESHIRE COUNT/ COUNCIL.—The TECHNICAL INSTRUC-I lON COMMI [TEE effers a number of •SCHOLARSHIPS for DAIRY-WORK, tenable for ten 'weeks, at the DAIRY INSTI JUTE, WORLESTON, and o)mtnencing on MONDAY, MARCH 13TH.—Applications to be forwarded to the undersignid not later than I!dARCH 6TH. RICHARD P. WARD. Organizing Secretary's Office, Crewe.

NvARRINGTON CORPORATION WATER- ORKS.—The WATER CO NI MIT no of the iDonnell of the Borough of Warrington INVITH TENDERS Or the supply of the foll4wing materials,required during the riext 12 months, commencing the let of April next : No. 1. Pipes. Castings, Valves, Hydrants, Covers, etc. No 2. Lead, Piping. Tin, etc. No. 3, Bib, Stop and Ball Cocks. Ferrules, etc. No, 4. Oils, Packing, Paint, Tallow, etc. Do, 5. Bricks, Cement, l.ireclay, Lime. etc. No. 6. Yarn, Nuts and Bolts, India Eubber,Tools, Carting, etc. Samples may be seen, and specification with form of Tender obtaibed from the undersigned, on payment of 10s, Per section, wlaich will be returned on receipt of a bona fide 'lEender. Persons desiring to tender are requested to state the section for which they so desire. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Chairman of the Com- rnittee, endorsed "Tender for Material, Section No Must be sent in to this office not later than 10 o'clock on MONDAY morning. the 20th day of MARCH uext. The Committee do not bind themselles to accept the lowest or any tender. JAMES DEA.4, Water Engineer. Municipal Offices, Nth February, 1399.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, 3 ABER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST IBRB.AD FINEST MILD CURED BACON! AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

H, THE OLT CYCLE WORKS. WARGRAVE-ROAD, EARLESTOWN. If you want a genuine Cycle, call and give PRANK H 0 I.T the ordsr, and he will make one to suit you in height, weight, and material. All Machines made by him are guaranteed to be of the best possible material and work,nanship. The fol- lowing copy of testimonial speaks for itself. 90. Leyland-road, Southport. December 15th. 1897. Dear Sir,—l have greet. pleasure in informing you thatthe two bicycles I bought crom you in the early. part of the year have given every satisfaction. My wife 13 delightei w.th the easy running itc.. of hers. I have had opportunities of comparing them with machines of the best makers, and honestly believe them to be equal to anytlatr; in the market. Please let me know your lowest price for a strong light machine for my boy, 7 years old. —Yours 'faithfully, W. MELLING. • SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. - A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE • SELECTION OF BOOKS ;is now being offered by T. CLARKE. EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. •ZUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 4s. in he Pound. -• NVEDDING RlNGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or distric Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AID SIXPENCE to FIrTY SEILLI'SGS. 411 BiLes and sti,p,s, in-2,ading the round and Hall•round always in staz.E. A handsome nrPsent given to each 'Chaser. Finvr pot free --uudrapicis AND CO. the Illutmno.A 43, Sankey-street, Whrrington. Qloca; attablished 1834.

‘-nEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "011, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPEMALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEBOE-S numgc, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

RUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES T. REMIEGITON'S Improved Hffectual TRUSS for Cure f Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss ond Bursfical Appliance Works, 7 ,fs 9 Grosvenor-street Lon aan-road. Manchester.

BOROUGH OF kr:;:,,s4;,A ;f ,k WARRINGTON. W ARRINGTON CORPO A.T R lON CONCEN- TRATED MANURE. TwExTY-FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILL] AM_ HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

WEDDING' AND BIRTIIDAY PRESENTS. A LSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS hi SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN', WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC: OLD COLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVEIISMITRS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAlt MEDALS AND ANT/QUES' 63-1 i 1,1 NSHA W-STREICI , LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

FMX,RUILES, (icciond hann—Shop or Office, Counters Showcases, Shelving, Desks, Scales, Weights. Canisters Coffee Mills, Butchers' Blocks. Safes, Copper Urns. Par tioning, Marbls SlaOs. Gasfittings. Gil Tanks, Confectioners Glasses. cheap. —SETToN's,9, St. eiane-street, near Isling ton Liverpool.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WAREINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833

A LITTLE MONEY GOES A LONG WAY AT PO7EY AND DUCK WORTH'S

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY qUXTON LIVE Fnon THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRI9B, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS (BICKERSHAW COAL), . !VINO HEAD OFFICX AND WHARF: ARPIiI4:I7 STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Offic..,l: )(arson Street, Warrington

NUTT ALL'S RECONSTRUCTION SALE. THE WHOLN OF MOSS HOUSE HAVING BEEN PURCHAStr, BY NUTTALL'S IN OPEN MARKET, THE CHIEFS H DECIDED ON GREAT ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS TiIitOUGHOUT THE BUILDINGS, THEREFORE THE ENTIRE STOCK OF £75,000 VALUE MUST BE CLEARED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE COST PEICES. • NUITALL, SONS, & CO., MOSS HOCTS.R, 15, 17, 19, 21, 25, & 27, moss-s.r., LIVERPOOL.

NUTT ALL'S, THE RENOWNED ENGLISH HOUSE AND OTEL FURNISHERS, SPECIAL GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTHS, 8:c. THE SALE WILL BE THE LARGEsT AND MOST GENUINE EVER HELD IN LIVERPOOL, COME IN CROWDS FOR THE B CATALOGUES AND ESTIMATES POST FREE ON APPLICATION, 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS: PROMPT CASH ONLY.

TAM O'SBANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY IrINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show Rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE No. 7090. SoLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON MR. A. STANWAY, 37, BUTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, lnosmoNnexs.

W ALTHAM WATCHES THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS iN THE WORLD. NONE SO. ACCURATE, NONE SO DURABLE, NONE SO CHEAP. PRICES FROM 20s. TO ,Z 25. SCHIER WATER & LLOYD SOLE RETAIL A.GENTS FOR LIVERPOOL. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. 29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. GREAT SA LE- 4s. TO 10s. IN' THE POUND OFF ALL WINTER STOCK. This is tut a Sale of Old Stock only, as all the goods have been made for this Season's Trade. After such a mild season we have a larger Stock left than we care for. We are obliged to make a greater Reduction than usual to effect a clearance. MEN'S WINTER OVERCOATS, FROM los. 6D. YOUTHS WINTER OVERCOATS „ BOYS' WINTER OVERCOA.TB „ ALL WINTER SUITS REDUCED IN PROPORTION. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORS DURK ET-STRELT, WI IMINGTON.

£2O LADY'S OR GENT'S BICYCLE £2O • TO BE GIVE!'" AWAY FOR tforti(Na. ',gall PRIZES, NO ENURY FEE, NO DIVISION A GOLDEN OPPOR.TUNITY. We shall give as FREE PRIZES a High Grade LViv's o Gin's BIOYiIL3, with Pnearnatic Tyres. each purchaser of a Petros Cycle Bell woo fills in correctly lii uisAtig lett.ers in the following phra --es ha - bag reference to tho Petros Cycle Bell t- -I.—T-E P----S B--L. 2,—L----Y S---D A-D T Y F D. 3.—IF ITS W -- - G IS U D. 4.—C SE-DD Y. The Petros 0-• •.ile Bell has a Lovely Sound, anl is Tastefully Finished. If its Warning is Unheeded he Consequences- end Disastrous ,y. THIS GENUINE PRIZE OFFER is made to advertise our HIGH-CLASS SPECIALITY CYCLING BELL. We are prepared to spend 2"'00 and more on this advertising self rne, for we are certain that "..) business results will justify us. REMEMBEILeach one who fills in correctly the missing let:ere will rcceive a ED high grade Lady's or Cent's Bicycle. There is no difli2ulty ; every one should try. Answers should be sent immediately. If order is rceeived too late for particitaltion, casts will be instantly returned. Do Ivor BE TOO LATE. DIRECTIONS, •-This is a Genuine Competil ion, only open for a limited period, therefore send on to us at once. When you have found out what you believe the missing letters to be, writs them out in orci er (1, 2,3, 4), giving ,t%ltiti of this nAp6r, together wins tiann ant full addrets at top, and send on AS soon as possible with a P.l. (not stamps) for 2s. 64. for a Petros Cycle Bell, post .ge, cfsc., free. An addressed and stamped envelope for results must also lie seat. As evidence of your puroalse. keep the address label of box for reference. • INIPORTAIIe.•--Write distinctly full name and address above the solution, and send an order without delay. The Compt'ition closes March 31st, 103. The priz is wilt be promptly awarded, and results posted during the w,ek to - wing. As guarantee. the solution has been sealed and deposited with Matthews' Pipe Mounting Works, Carver Street, Birmingham. YOU CAN HAVE THE BICYCLE AT ONCE. Before the Competition closes. Full particulars regarding this will be sent you with the Petros Cycle Bell. PLEASE ADDRESS YOUR LEYTER To THE PETROS CYCLE AND ACCESSORY Co., • - ~0 79, CAPE HILL, SMETHWICK,

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH have built their BUSINESS on quality which is the best test of cheapness. 22, BUTTERMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS, BACON, AND CHEESE HAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

N UTT ALL'S, HOUSE FURNISHERS FOR THE MILLION. ENTIRE PREMISES TO BE ALTERED AND MODERNISED IN ORDER TO MAKE IT THE FIRST AND FOREMOST IN THE KINGDOM. THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS THIS IS THAT THE ENTIRE STOCK BE CLEARED. HIGH-CLASS NEW & SECOND-lIAND FURNITURE NOW FFURED AT ALMOST GIVING-AWAY PRICES. To EFFECT AN INSTANTANEOUS CLEARANCE. Goods Packed Free and Carriage Paid to all parts. All Cases and Wrappers to be returned. 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS: PROMPT CASH ONLY.

W. B. SW EETMA N'S lILIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for PALLINQ OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAQH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

SALE! SALE! SALE! LORD BROS W INTER CLEARANCE SALE IS NOW ON. EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GO TO PEMBERTON'S FOR WOOLS, PEMBERTON'S FOR STOUKINGS, PEMBERTON'S FOR GLOVES, PEMBERTON'S F3ll CARDIGANS. ONLY MAKER IN THE TCWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN. 35, WINWICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON, AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICH:

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASX or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINER&L WATERS in Serew-stoppPred Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET. • TOBACCO, CIGARS, UTGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

JAMES SHEPHERD. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON. Best Prices given for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, Ac.. &c. Prompt Removal and Cash Payment. Distance no object. MEAT STORES I MEAT STORES I GOOD BOILED MEAT always on hand. in lerge or small quantities, for Dogs, Cats, Poultry. Ac., Ac Coutracts made. All Letters and Telezrams addressed to 11, MERSEY-STltlifaT, WARRINGTON. Private Address: BRIDGRWATER-STREET, LYMM.

L° " TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE AITII BROKEN CORDS. THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be re- placed by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. CuOKE, YORK. LONGIVOETH PAPER MERCHANT. BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6cl cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s cwt CHEESE ~ Us „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ 1 THIN WHITE PAPER,I3s ~ BLUE on PINK,. 12s 6d,, CAP PAPER, 14 by 20, Mel ;16 by 24, 10frd ; . 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. Is, 4 ozs. is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, is 6d 1000. NOTEPAPER,3O per pound. CA RRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

COATS AND SKIRTS. MISS CONSTANTINE BEGS to inform her Patrons and the Public that she is now employing only FIRST-CLASS TAILORo in her Workrooms, and is confident that, ait.r a trial, her Customers in this branch will become as numerous as in that of Visiting Dresses Evening and Tea Gowns. TAILOR-MADE COAT AND SKIRT FROM £3 10a. 17, ELLIOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of DOMiIIO2B, GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, as. Pulliam Skittles, acc. Estimates given. 38, SHUDEEtILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGIT, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Avntoof U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS ! U3l BRELLAS THE LATEST NOVIILTIMS SUITABLE FOIL PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLE NI EN'.3 WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AprD SUNSIIA.DTS RECOVERED IN uszir AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6a. T. BRI ELM EY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

A DELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STBAKE S from LIVERPOOL. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. I NTENDING EM] GRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- .I. TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND 'Lout(' take tickets at theLOWEST RATES at JOHN WALKER AND CO., ``EXAMINER' )PFICE'

, . •-• • , k>4.'''..o • . • • ,•441-4,,,00...., • -;•-tV4,1e1.,!1`.•)!.,rt'-‘•`-,er ' - '• - ;4 .' ' • ,• . , • 'lllll‘.Nlf6%.

• DRAUG::iTS. • (6` EXLMINEft," FEBRII.i.EY 24TH, 1899) All communications including solutions to problems, and problems for Competition, must be, addressed to the " Mang' ts E'clitor." " Examiner " Office, War- • rington. and must nach the office not later than the first post on FIIID&Y morning. • The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enquiries]. SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No. 21. By Mn. J. LEE, Warrington. Blackman• on 4, 14, 16, 17, and 19 ; Kings on 5, and 9. White men on 11, 12, 23, 26, and 28; Kings on 18, • and 31. White to move and win. (a)11 7 12— 8 18— 15 31-22 3-10 4--I1 11-27 White wins. (a)18-15, 16-20, 23-16, forms a dual solution. PROBLEM No. 22. SELECTED. [BLACK]

74 , U a 'A • ,eH rke If J a , , „3. pAJ ~„„ Uil4F I/ 6 He to Al. , v r [v

r 47 r ea '7 , r v„ c) -////: NI r,..,lcDrA /. v,// cDr , 4, , /,

These' tiny Capsules relieve . Kidney aud Bladder trouble . promptly. They are superior to utAtl 4 • Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cure In forty-eight hours ~ ~,, ;,, .. ,•.-ea the same diseases without yz, inconvenience. Each Capsule .A. tyeanrl thectunaiTtile:n-h"odsrf'reeSolbl ' • • ..i.:, frcm 11/11.CoN PCO., 31 ' 8 83,1Vicrtimer St.,Lottdon.W. ,

Wanteb, A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils, Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool. A PPRENTICIRS WANTED for DRESSMAKING ; -C-1. Apply BUSSES HELSBY, 48. Knutsford-road. Warring- ton.

WANTED DAIRY of Pure NEW MILK; 12 dozen daily.— Address T. RUDD, 399, Eccles New-road. Weaste. Manchester.

WANTED AGENTS immediately, Booksellers &c; Splen- did commission, is NoTel.—Author, 116, BROMLEY- ROAD, Beckenham.

WANTED. DAIRY of REFRIGERATED MILK; about 7 doz. dally.—Address Mr. Gsgmr, 10, Heath-street, Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

A PPRENTICB.—A respectable, well-educated YOUTH 111. required as Apprentice to the General Drapery Bust- ness.—W HODGICINSON, LTD., Bridge-street, Warrington.

CIINDFRS to be Had FREE, at THE "EXAMINER OFFICE," Warrington. 3d. Per Load Allowed for carting. Apply any day except Friday. WANTED. a dairy of new MILK. Six to ten dozen daily; Exchange or Central. —Apply to Join( KELSEY, Grove Dairy, Grove-street, Higher Broughton, Manchester. SBARTHOLOMEW'S. BOLTON.—WANTED. Certifi- ested ASSISTANT-MISTRESS, for the upper stan- dards; mixed department; salary £6O, paid monthly,— Apply. INCUMBENT or Head Master.

SANITARY INSPUCTORSHIPS.—Candidates thoroughly prepared by correspondence for the 1899 exam. at York, Livcrpool, and Msnchester by registered qualified teacher and Inspector; terms moderate.—Mr. PEKas, 12, Merridale Crescent, Wolverhampton, late of London.

apartment o,& eurnisbeb 3ilowses BLACKPOOL.—Splendid opportunity, well furnished company house, good condition; excellent situation near promenade; reasonable valuation.-25, IYLDESLEY- ROAD.

BATH.—For disposal lease of small Boarding House, good connection, beautifully situated; assured and profit- able opening for person of small means; references.—Wim- Pout, 15, Alfred-street, Bath.

Eo be Ett. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3a. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent £lO. BUTrERMARKET-STREET.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-sTßEET.—Several Suites offices. REGENT-STREET off Sankey Street, WAREHOUSE, ground floor. £l5. PENKETH, Semi-detached HOUSE. Garden £l4 year. 17; CATHERINE STREET. rent 48 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE, rent 5s per week. 10, WFLLINGTON-STEEET, rent 5s per week. 11, GEE-STREET, rent 45 per week. 2, SMITH-STREET, rent 3s per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.— 61,PRIE8TLEY-STREET,WARRINGTON,gOOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

Tro LET. COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE rents 4s. Apply 1. WOODS a SON, solicitors. Horsemarket-et., , Warring-

LT.—LAROR ROOM, Orford-street; rent £2O 1 Apply WOODS & SON, Bollitors, Horeemarket-street, Warrington.

PO LET. SHOP, with LARGR ROOM over. in Orfori-st., _IL rent £l3.—Apply WOODS & SoN, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington. -- IDERMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply Woos & Som. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

SHOP AND HOUSE. 63, Bewser-street, Warrington, bath, 6 rooms, suit Milliner, Tobacconist, Barber.—Apply Sim:Lawn, next door.

(Eggs, Voultrp, OULTRY grit, shell or flint, ss. cwt. 35., half cwt.; car- riage paid.— POULTRY GttlT 03., Grimsby.

T ANGSHAN COCKERELS (CROADS Prize Strain) ; pure 1.4 bred. massive birds ; 10 months old.—RosE-RILL YoULTRY FARM. Marple, Cheshire.

WELL-FITTED Fried Fish and Chip Shop, only two tenants last 19 years.—Apply. 141, 13oLTox- STREE r, BURY.

-- - -DUMBER and Decorator's BUSINESS, established 1862, _L valuation about £400.--For particulars apply Amass, Ivy House, Hirchington.

VISH. CHIP. aid TRIPE SHOP.—No reasonable offer 1: refused. Particulars, apply by letter, PBOPIIIETOR, 29, Topley-stteet, Harpurhey, Manchester.

TRIED FISII BUSINESS for Disposal, one of the most .112 lucrative in the city (retiring).—For particulars apply to A. POLLiRD, 3, Toller-lane, Bradford. CalIP, Fish. and Sweet BUSINESS for Disposal, doing NJ good trade ; good r-asons for leaving; Nuyers can see bills.—For particulars apply 23, RICHLRD-STREST, 'Burnley.

311 BEER and WIN, another £220, two more 1J £l5O and £155. pretty beerhouses £llO, £l2O 280 and others. Please tall 488, LANCASTER AVENUE, Fen- nell-street, Manchester.

910 PAINTERS.—FOR SALB,owner going abroad, STOCK J. FIXTURES. &c., of Decorators Busipess; also Furni- ture, &c., of Boarding House, seven bedrooms, three sitting- rooms ; best part of tne isl And near sea.—Address WATER- HOUSE, Port Erin, 1.0. M.

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-US DON'T COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. TITTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTER L Y UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of Stamps, from THOMAS KHATING, Chemist, London.

- - - AVALUAPLE BOOK for 4d. (po?t free) on the Complete Cure of Indigestion. Liver and Kidney Cortplaints, all nervous disorders ; valuable information ; marvellous cures occur & Co., Alverthorpe-road, Wakefield, Yorks.

EVERY MAN SIMPERING from Ner-ous and Physical Debility should send for a r alus 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements my be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. snd will effect a perfect and permanent cure. lent zaled, post free. Address- 1. NOETati. 59, 63 Chancery Lane, London, W.O h‘tantished 33 Years.

MANLY MEL Why suffer from puns and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Ex hausdou, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoronuhly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, end guaranteed genuine : •• I cannot find words to expresi how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G. F. M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly Bcok sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93. Great Russell Street Londoa. W.C. end at once nod be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Suc2ess

£lOO TO BE GIVEN AWAY, AMONGST TIIO3F. TAKING PART IN GUN f FREE CASH PRIZE COMPETITION. NO ENTRA.NCH FEB WHATEVRIL IST PRIZE £59. 2ND PRIZE £25. 3RD PRIZE £l5. 4TEr PRIZE £lO. These money Prizes will be genuinely given away as an advertisement, among the Competitors who can re-arrange the following 22 letters to repretent the names of four welt-known wild animals, selected by us, viz : NIOL GERIT EPTNAHEL ABRFZ. Bend in your solutions at once upon receipt of which we will inform you if c rrect, and give you full details of the Competitions, with conditions, and date of closing If you cannot solve all four names, do as many as you can, as there are four prizes to compete for. No sohltion can be received after 12th April, 1899. Address : " COMP it.TITION MANAGER," 214 H ORNSEY ROAD, LONDON.

G. H. & H. XI. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL .LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

a.OLD NGLISH LEVan Payments taken WATC El in heavy 18 carat Cases, by that noted maker, J. Harris, Manchester ; with all latest improvements. Genuine forfbit. Note the pt ice 213

SILVER ERGLISH LEVER Payments taken Watch in heavy Hall Marked Cases, extra Jewelled and Warranted three yeirs ; also bIL VBEt ALBERT, stamped on every Link. 24 10s. The Lot very che:p

Wedding Ring, 22 Carat, from 9 Carat Gold Ring, from 18 Carat Keeper Ring, from 9s. Od. 9 Carat Keeper Ring, from Lady's Dress Ring, from Gent's Signet Ring from A Large Stock of Jewellery always on Sale AT 59, CHURCH-STRRET.

HANDSOMB PAIR of SOLID Farrents taken ASH BRDROOM TABLHS. with large Plate Glass Back and Marble Slab and Tile Back. Very Rich and Well Made. Payments taken. Our price at 59, and 61, CHURCH-ST HIM R 6 10s. Worth Double.

WE HAVE LARGE STOCK of Payments taken Parlour CA TIP R IS and Hearth Ruzs,Brass Curbs,Fire hong, Fenders, Fire Stools, Sideboards, 'fables, Chairs (Kitch n and Bed- room), Bedsteads, all Wool Beds. Very cheap. 59, CHURCH-STREET.

A FINE LOT of Mea's and Boy's Payments taken /1 CLOTHING very cheap; and Bedding, Blankets, Quilts, Sheets, toth New and becond-hand to plewe everyone. AT JACKSON'S, CHURCH-STREET.

A FINN STOCK of Vases, Payments taken 11. Pictures, Figures under Shades, Bronzes, Clocks, To be seen in the window AT 59, 8; 61, CHURCH-STREET.

'VAN. &e.—Shandry (nearly new). spring Cart, and light V Baker'3 Van with loose top.—Tsomss E PicKTurr,Legt - street, Warrington.

BA G A.T LL E , niaingany folding, Bft., all acc3ssarie3, rubber cushions, 533. ; perfect.—KITTEbIDGN, Linton'. road, Walthamstou.

DINNER SERVICKS. 26 pieces, tor six persons, with brown sprays, 6s 11d..—T. —RnuFFLEBoTrom. 51, Bruas- wick-road, Liverpool.

ART OF DIANUFAO IURING all kinds of Honsehold, LI, Toilet, and Dry Soam, Tallow, soda Liquor, is. 6d.— GADFORTH, Oiemist, 611( ffi,ld.

BIIOXIiS CHOICH CHRYSANTHIMUNI BL is. 6d to 55.; splendid vaIue.—WEROOK, Chrysanthemum Specialist. Ileswall, Cheshire. TEA AND COFFER SlillitVlCH, Tea Pot,Coffee Pot, sugar 1 and cream, Eie&roplated, 183 Gd; approvai.—Mkv, 23, lower Delgrave street, London, S.W. -IpAIIGAIN, Gent's 18 carat cased handsome Isew massive J-1 tandem curb sliding bar ALBERT, cost scs. So., sell 53. 3s.- CLIFFORD, 125, Haviland-road, Boscombe. NIANDOLINH. Italian rosewood, magnificent instrument, cost 935. sactifice 14s 6d; approval.—B., 13, Francini- con; t-road, Lower Tooting, London, S.W.

NEURALGIA AND TIC, Robson's Remedy will ease that pain immediately null cure certainly ; Is 6d per cate post free.—Robson, Chemist, Sunderland. PHutuircla sucoessfully cured by RASRLEB, the .1 great physician's discovery. Worh RI. Post free is. id. SPEDDING, Bone-setter, Batley, Yorks.

2ØS. to 30s a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS• V to PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings, socks, &c.—Write JAMES rCBTEn, Maker, Friargate, Preston. -- RECEIPE, Is. ITow to make the wildest horse fol'ow you like a pet, when everybody else fails to manage him. —LEWIS. Herbalist, Abergwynti, E.S.O , 3. Wales.

PIPE, Cigar Tube, Cigarette Tube and Malacca Walking Stick combined, all nicely mouated, carriage paid 2s.— GLOBE SUPPLY Co. 41, Freegrove-road, Holloway, London. C) COPYRIGHT SONGS, including "Queen of th IL.I earth," 2s. 6d. lot ; 12 Piano Pieces. including selec- tion, 25.6 d. lot.— Wirallmsozi,44ll Mane nester-road,Bradfo.-d

COAL WAGGONS (Railway). Several good Second-hand Waggons required. large or small ; doors both sides. Price end particulars to Box, 160, " Examiner Office," Warrington.

'VASTER DECORATIONS.—Order. booked now. Moss, _l2l Ivy, Daffodils, Primroses, assorted or separate.from 2e.; post free. Cash with order.—Mrs. LIWLEIi, Kilcormack, Ferns, Ireland.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAG-lIS.--Why pay II.!2 three or four profits? Only makers In LancAshire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—bMlTH & SONS, 37, Breck- road, Ltverp,ol.

riiinc Anglo-American Surgical ,Itubber Company will for- ward on receipt of two stamps a PRICE LIST of RUBBER APPLIA.NCES.—SUEGICAL RUBBER Co., 117, Newport-street, Balton.

'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushiona are the best and cheapest sables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.—J. O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

~.END 2 STAMPS for our Illustrated Price List of RUBBRR 0 SURGICAL APPLIANCHS, beat and che3pest in the trade; goods not approved of will be exchanged.—THE PHEONIX RUBBER Co., 12, Lever-street, Manchester.

OUSTACEIES.—iplendid Moustaches produced. The ITSI only preparation absolutely guaranteed is Ricruito COoK'S Oleo-Pornale, la. P.O.post free ; hundreds of testirsioniale.-29, Tracey-street, Kennington, Loudon.

BDII3XU MONDE SALVE.—The most Wonderful remedy for Chapped an 1 rough or red hands, making them soft and white ; try it, you will be more than delighted, post free Is.—BELII MONDB CO., ill, High-street, Harbarne. 4611 OW TO ENSURBIHEALTH."—A medical work giving 1 Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES. 48, Lousdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

OlGARS.—Having purchased a large stock of choice Foreign Cigars, we are offering same at very low prices. Sample six sent OR receipt of Is. postal order. Agent S wAnted,-001GEBr AND Co., 87, Halley-road, Forest Ciate, London.

NEVER BEA.TEN 48 91 Silver Nickel Keyless 4s. D. Watch, Excellent Timekeeper, one yeti* guaranteed, will be sent to any part of the United Kinziona, 13.0. only,--Itix ErroLE3Euel AND CO, 13, Poley-street, London, W.

A STROLOGY.—Future foretold, Marriage Partner des cribed, Children, Chang s in Circumstances, Journeys Legacies. etc. Send birth-date, 12 stamps and stamped envelope,—Mr. MELVILLE, 282, Buchanan-street, Glasgow. Immectiate replies.

GOl. MN, enlargement of neck. Hundreds cured by my local treatment. Generally one bottle will entirely cure, however bad. Send ss. postal or 3s. half size bottle, tO HOPE BRADLEY, 72, Newton-road, Sparbrook, Birming- ham —Also genuine medical przscripAons 2s. Give careful particulars. Write plain.

BOOTS.—The best and most stylish Gent's Boot, I will send to any address for is. 6,1. Kid leg, Leather bOOTS. lined, welt stitched, machine sewn. Sizes 6 to 10. Also smart Ladies' Boot, 7s. 6d. Sizes 2 to 7 If not approved, money returned. See testi- BOOTS. rnonials. WALKIIIR INGHAM, Boot Manufacturer, 81, Asylum-street, Leicester.

WOMEN'S AILIENrs. IRREGULARITIES, &C.,—A Lady, having tried in vain every advertised r smedy, 113 s .at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter hovßstuchorn the case. Bona fiie sufferers can get it FREE o CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Wortn, 1 ess Fills, lifixtu: es, Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE AND CONY' DENOE to Hrs. 0. ST. CLAIR. 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane, London.

)OPYING AP PARA.TU-3, 59-150 copies ; greatly improved k_./ and cheapened. Send a postcard for full particulars to J. ALBERT SMITH. Harrow.

A. FORTUNE: in a fortnight cannot be expected but a splendid income assured anywhere. Sumples and particulars Is.—BELLABY AND BRIGGS, Belper. ADIES EARN 15s to 30s weekly at home by New Auto- mAtic Compound KNITTER. Pair of socks in 35 minutes. Cash, hire and work ternis.—Cokur DEPARTMENT. 67. Southwark-street, London.

FrO small INVESTORS. £25 witl ensure an income of lOs I_ weekly from a sound undertaking. Proportionate pro- Ls upon £5O and £lOO respectiyel7. Address INCOMT, 110, Grove-r6arl, Hornsey-road, London, N.

HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN INKS. —Will forward receipes to make any K ind or colour of writing Ink. Ink for marking metal tools, and Ink for markins, packages, boxes, etc. 6d.—RELDER, 106, Coton-road, Nuneaton.

_ LL Lame people should write for particulars of Patent Anti-slipping Silent Pads for Crutches. V 5 alking sticks, and wooden legs to WILLIAM H. GLOVER, 24, Brundrett's- road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester, Inventor a user. Splendid testimonials from all parts ef the Kingdom, Men- tion paper.

NSURANCES effected (with every company of repute) against all tusks, including Lite, Fire and Crops, Accidents, Plate Glass, Vehicle and Drivers Accidents, Burglary, Employers Liability and Workmen's Compensa- tion, Fidelity and Mortgage guarantee, Public House Licenses, Outside ll,sk and Twin Insurfince. Before insur- ing wr:te (stating the risk you will probably wish to ensure) for Prospectus and Advice (post free).— limn AND DAICIN, Insurance Brokers and Experts, 57 and 58, Chancery-late, London, W.C.

Y:IIARDING SCHOOL }OIL GIRLS, LLASDUDNO.- 13) Good education. Fees from 60. Principal, Miss MOXOI4, Frou. Church Walks.

MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VIOL, (Organist. ond Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), ItHOl3lVl,:s PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTR, HARMONY. COUNTHRPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC. etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepirei for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 68, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

fQatets, 311.v1r00, 3Soartinut 05tali5. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71. HUSTON SQUATS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS Oft PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr, Li BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsome,t buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. BO@COCK, Proprietor.

OLADE'6' CYCLE DEPOT FOR CHEAP AND GOOD CYCLES. AGENT FOR PREMIERS, GLORIAS AND TRENT CYCLES. HUMBERS : LADY'S OR GENrS 210 10s. Od. The SLADE CYCLE, Lady's or Gent's £3 103. Oil. Inspection invited. Price List Free. 2, COLQUIIT-SCREET, 1 DOOR FROM AOLD-SPRE LIVERPOOL.

- ENTS' BICYCLE, 1893. good condition, accessories, A. B. ‘.3( tyres ;£7 10s. or offer. Evening 6to B.—POWELL, 12, Dalton Terrace, Huline Manchester.. IGHEST grade gents' Pneumatic CyCLE, only used L few times, perfect, in every way, leading makers, must sell, sacrifice £5 155.. worth double ; approval ; references.— BLAKE, 18, Flodden-road, Cambirwell, London, S.E. f IYCLES ! CYCLES CYCLES! Agents wanted, Bar- k) gains. Bargains. Bargains for 1899, best value ever offered. Wonderfut Bargains. Write for large 1899 List, pot free to any address, containing Wholesale Trade prices of 500 Machines, new and second-hand. Agents wanted. Lowest price ever offered. Trade List and Wholesale Terms on receipt of Post Card. Agents wanted, splendid chance to secure 11;54h-class Machines at rock bottom prices. List of 500 Machines, post free. Who'esale Trade Ladies' Machines from £3 10s., tients from £2 10s.—W.A.B.HILK & Co., Cycle Manufacturers, Regent-street, Weston-super-Mare. CYCLE AGENTS. Our illustrated Trade CAtalogue gives you full de• tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittings Cups, Cones. Saddles, Lamps, (ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRiCTAIIIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. EiNcte—" Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubas." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come to the Fountain Head, T ELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-S TRIC ST. 7,009 City Depot. 17. MANCHESTER-STREET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOO L

ifilarbiHern, etc.

LIT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS lathe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of lilngineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. pA TENT OFF lOP MANCHESTER, BEITABLIBEED IN 1835. Metier GEORGE DAVIRii & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practioalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

CROW-LA.NE, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. 'NJR. CHOOKALL will SELL by AUCTION on 1111_ TUESDAY, IVIARAI 7thl at 1-45, for the Executors of HENRY FRANCE, his Horses, Lurries, Carts, Cart Gears, Stab'e Utensils, Sundries. Terms Cash. The Premises to be Let with immediate possession —Apply to JoHN FRANCE, Arcade Buildings, Fishergate, Preston.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STPEET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furßiture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, etc.. warehoused.

/Mono. CITy AND COUNTY BANK. 10,CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ene sum at a fixad period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fecs charged.—Apply to ME. ROBERT ELLICIT, Manager.

NO PRELIMINARY FBES CHARGED. nONEY LENT PALVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, in sums of £lO up to ZJO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN, Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870„

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHA.W-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares, &c., at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 91. £5O „ 20s. „ OP £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any (Aker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repaymi-nt arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2/ to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. TORN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVAtIO2II3 tJ PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. ONYX TO INCREASE YOUR STOOL MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply at VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans in surns of £5, £7, £l2, £2.0, £3O, £3O and upwards.

J.t-lIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £3 To ,t5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESIIECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE.. Also LOANS granted on ordinsry Life Ass watace Policies, • Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/5 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO ~ 5/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8, Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON •

EADE,s pi'LLS. EADE,B 13ILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Itheumatism should immediately EADE'S pILLS. have recourse to EADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S DILLS. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S DILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE TRH WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HEU id A TI BM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unhounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHBUMA TIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RH BUM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HEUM ATIS H my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least -I- U pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHE U lid AT I S:Zil directly. I WOULD NOT Mr WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM wYgauta rues equyiotue at liberty bo this, yto amnadk; GOUT shall be pleased Ts. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOURTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. gd or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 72, Cif/SWELL-ROAD. E.G. Ask fo and be sure you nbtain EADE'S GOUT AND 411 BU 'MATIC PILLS. EJADIC S PILLS

COOPER AND CO's TE BR ITED MILD CURED SMOKED HAMS! ILMS ! HAMS! CHOICEST QUALITY LEAN AND WELL FLAVOURED. 61D., 7D.3 AND 720. PER LB. THE FI NEST VALUE OFFERED. BVBRY HAM GUARANTRBD. LOCAL BRANCH 4 BUT TERMAREET STREET, WARRINGTON

TOW LE'S CH LORODY NE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CH LOP.ODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S LORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CH coNsumprzox, rr OWLE'S C HLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. &C. TOWLE'S k_./ 'MORO DYNE 13,1 d. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE MANCRESTER. LADIES ! LADIES" !

1 DR. scarrs pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured jjltswTrs piLLS Cure 5 It! Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT- pi LLB Ind estion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT s pm. Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR.S coTrs pus Ca be taken at any time without danger fromlwet:or cold. DR. scoTrs pus Are prepared only by W. T AMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped In a square green package

Ebr "Oramintr " Anrits OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. CoMprißeS THE 1774rrington and Ari -Meshire Examiner, pub- .L lished every Saturday morning. • THB Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Miens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- I_ day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1_ morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 64. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. is. led. ... 3s. Od. 36 ls. 04. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. ss. 001. 64 is. 64. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

Never count your Chickens before they're hatched. Why ? Because it is not safe. Seldom all the eggs turn out good, and to count up your clutch b.ifore they're out o' the shells is to make yourself a laughing-sloe:, and you don't wish to do that. "Bide a wee, and dinna fret," as the Scotch folk say. Counting day will come ; then count, and may it be a big one. Now when you suffer from Indigestion. Liver Complaints, Wind on the Stomach, Costiveness, Sick Headache, Nervous Debility, Palpitation of the Heart, Biliousnes, and take as a Remedy Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, there's no unc?,rtainty, because for nigh 50 years they've proved to be all the good things we've said about them. Read what Mr. James Parsons, of Bristol, the Conductor of the largest Bible Class in the World, writes :—" I have myself, and in my own family, derived great benefit from taking your WIND PILLS for INDIGE,')TION, and shall not fail to recommend them largely to my friends. Use my testimony as you please." All sufferers from Indigestion, Wind on the Stomach, Liv'er Complaints, Biliousness, Spasnn, Sick Headache, &a., may have perfect confidence in Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. Being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, they may be taken with perfect isaiety the most deticate of either sew. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicine Vendors at is. 41. and 2s. 91. ; post free for price from Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

4: NC :EVES A EALA T EL,171111 L.-11TI will not cure every complaint. But it has been proved by use for Seventy Years to be the most efficacious medicine for DISEAU,I3 OF THE LUEIS. TRY IT FOR COUGHS AND COLDS, In Cases of INFLUENZA which are associated with Pulmonary Symptoms much benefit has been experienced. gin Chronic Bronchitis 8 filing it affords decided relief in most cases. But the renown of this Medicine has chiefly been gained by its success in -.CONSUMPTION, or TUBERCULAR AFFECTIONS of the LUNGS. Interviews with Patients by Mr. Congreve's Com. ttiissioner, are published fortnightly in many Religious Weekly Newspapers. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post tree for is., smaller edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, 1,.E. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all U. Medicine Vendors in bottles at 1/14, 219,4/6, and family bottles at W msd. 221-

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG .Wilgrrownonudneddswtithh inatgaismehmaarieonoarndostwheollen otherwise, xou press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- bression P If so, under the skin you have poicon that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you trer ean recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. the your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; e Battle With the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to Znytialle will deprive you of the power to walk. You may eMended various hospitals ad had medical advice, ani ru told your case is hopeless, or ad7ised to submit to am- hp,'ll,,tat,j°,l ; but do not. for I CAN CUBE you. I don't say ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no tiv4son for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order 012 - 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREET ii°lll3oN, and you will receive a box of i„,,GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILI-9 Zuleli lea certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- "slilds' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols ael Hands, outdone.

(CZ. 6M Per Cent. OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPIT LIVER OR WEAK KIONEM WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Re ~,ulates the E. I V tielieves and Rem,ves the Inflammation from the PZ. I 1-J N -11.- by expelling the poiso:lou3 Kidney (Uric) islcln. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Routation. DEOIN TEEATV:ENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAI;fi STILL. For Sale by all Chemists an(7, Dr viers. Prien 2/9 nrri /Y(')vr

' ssiss"."--- 9 br, ir mm . , CURES when all (O remedies rr fail " 1 . 1 IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC -14 RELIEVIIIe ALL PAiN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES 11,4 e Worst Corns and bunions At 8 tol 0 es -tens and Removes all hard calloe!thi, on tl2l€: )4e,, Of the feet. If you sufftx, try a box, you will ver regret it. Boxes, 1 li. of all Chemists. N. BEETHAM & SOll, Chemists, CUELTEIIHAbI. -....._

ce LoaairE I—PC) THE TEETH AND BP.EATH. —ThoioD2hly th:48,13 the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden tEett4"lB, preYct is tart,r, stops decay, end gives to the to tr a Peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance zle breath• Price 23. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for orilhae • " Poyi der," of all Chemists and Perfumers.—

- ,r, RAILWAITIME BI El -LA FEBRUARY FROM WARdaINGTO7).I Acton Bridge-/ 10, 7 40 8 23, 10 20, 11 35. 1 25, 2 55. 5 35, 7 20, Sundays 10 15 a.m. AL:air and Hillbonse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sunlays 9 36 2 5,5 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 53 23, 710,10 20, 120, 125 25, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, aMoudays excepted. S Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 53, 11 55, 12 55, 3 13, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50,6 23, 850 Sundays 843,60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 6 28,8 50,9 49. Sundays 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 Lb,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14.a1 23,a,3 43, a 7 17, a 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57. p.m.a Saturday excepted. Carlisle-2'37 am, 5 29,5 45.11 53. 1425, 1 05, 6 23. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 315 4 22,5 11,6 4, 7 44, 1014, 1132. SundaysB 44,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 5. 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7, 1 55,3 40, 5 20, 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 53 23, 7 10, 9 60, 10 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 5 20, 622,7 2).11 31. Sundays 258,10 151, 5,11 35.4nondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37,9 5, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 1, 8 46, 9 53, 11 55, t 2 20, 12 05, 411 50,6u5 , 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. 10 10,110, 12?, 12 25, 1 55, 3 4Eoa,srl2esot,6evt3ir 7785;78 4100,98 23 25 55,91030,5undayu,3 05,8 43,a.m.5 10, 60,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 38, 3 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 .520,8 17, 8 0-. 918. Sundays 344. a 43.8 0. OFrodsham -7 37,9 5 10 23, 12 25, 2 5 U. 64. 22, 47 ,10 14. Sundays 44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57, 8 31, 95. 12 0 18, 2 15. 40, 70,80. 53 40, 210 25, 11 ,D Sundays 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. &Saturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 529, 9 56, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, .3 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 55,3 50. 5 20, 7 17 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12, 7 57, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 1 0, 60, 70, 80, 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90,11 25 39, 9 13. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Contrail-7 u,"/ 55, 82, 1 10, 915 Sunday's 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. Latcliford-From Arpley Station-6 20,7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90, 9 56 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. c 222, 3 38. 4 11,5 18, 613, 18, a 145, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. Sr, N.-W.)-3 Sc, 5 10, 532. 75, 8 10, 835 9 25, 11 0, 12?, 1225. 1 15, 520. 78, 740. 1030. Sundays 35, 510, 530, 835, 843, 510. 60, 904. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 15, 10 9 1153. 1 55. 320,5 40, 6 17,8 0, 948. Sundays 6 43, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 41, 95, 10 24, 120,13,18,215,40. 6 13, 7U, 0, 59 4) 10 25 1038. 1130 Sundays 9 .1,9 55,1125, 239, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18,10 33, bexcept Saturdays. Lonaon kL. St, N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5, 5 20, 622, 11 34. .. uud tys 2 58, 10 15, 45, 11 35,baIondays excepted. aMondays only. Loudon (Midland)-6 1, 8 46, 9 58, 12 55, 3 ,),6 55, 11 52, Sundays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lvmm-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,1.0 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 3 68, 4 11, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 40. 9 27. Sundays 8 5.0, 38 8 12. aSatuidays only 'Manchester (L. N.-W.) 7 23, 7 55, 83), 8 57.9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 49, 6 10,? 5, 9 25.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, 11 40. FZ.)111 High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 20 154,83,835,50, 9 58, 10 49. 14, 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Liues)-7 u, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 9 5, 9 55 1055, 11 23,11 55, 1455, 105, 285, 3 55, 4 )5. 0 55, 6 55 7 10, 7 55, 8 16, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, Sundays S 56, 9 37,10 14 30, 318,5 15,7 18, 9 35, 10 0. 3liddlewich-7 40, 1023. 2 555, 5 35b.7 20.b3aturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 1 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 10c, 54 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 8 10 8 35,9 19,925,10 20,10 40,10 55,11 0,12 14,12 25.1 15.1 55,3 30 348, 4 21,5 20, 6 031 17,9 20, 950, 1030. Sundays 310, 740 8 43, a,tn„ 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, clion days excepted. Vadgate-7 0, 7 55,8 2,8 40,10 28,11 0,11. 23,12 20,1 44, 2 40 3 55.5 28,7 10, 812,9 15, Sundays 856, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 3a. 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 350 450, 6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,59 53. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.8 25,9 45, 11 53, I 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for I'eaketh)-7 12, 7 55, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 12 0,31 8, 2 15, 2 58, 4 0,5 29. 60, 7 0, 80, 9 23, 39 40, 510 25. 10 46, Sundays 90, 11 25, 2 39, 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. b6aturdays only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 12 5, Ibs, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 lb, St.Helens-5 32 75, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10. 11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 3 40,5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 8 35,8 43.6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire, Lines)-7 16, 8 31, a 9 30, /1 2, 114 3 19, 40,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,52 22, 3 38, 4 11, SlB, 613. 7 8,57 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 a 1.0 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 9 25, as 411, blO 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39.9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays nly. Whines (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 43, 2 40,8 0. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 55 3 3, 3 56, 4 50, 5 20. 628, 7 17,8 50.9 40,9 55. Sunday, 2 37 8 43,3 35, 6 0. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 11 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, 1 20. 830 Sundays 735, 442. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8, 7 18, 8 29, .957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 550,9 10, 12 25, 2 0 7 25. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40. 11 42.3 10. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 742, 850, 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 0 45 6 50, 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. Mix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 3 47, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45, 955, 10 35, 11 40, 1 40. 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 12, 7 35, Blackpool (Central) -65, 725,7 55, 8 25, 8 55, 1U 10,10 20 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 10,4 58, 5 5, 6 50, 815. 158 Sundays 7 10, 115, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40. 10 30. 12 30. 2 15,4 15, 5 10, 5 55,7 25, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 6 5, 9 25 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 7 30, Sundays .12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2324, 7 20,8 45, 9 40, 1012,10 50,11 40, 1 50, 2 10, 3 0,35. a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635.7 35, 8 10. Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 24. 14, 1 43, 22, 3 10,4 6,5 36,6 23,7 47, 96, 10 46. Sundays 8 10, a.m irewe- 2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 21 35, 4 15, 545 6.40. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 2 45 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, 512 35, 3 35, Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 55, 6 35. akixcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 16, 3 11, 5 52, 5 38, 6 30, 7 33, 83 9 15, 1152, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 7 18. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketia-7 12, 95,9 43, 12 24, 29, 327, 5 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22. 257, 82. Frodshara-7 55, 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston. (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 12 0, 12 56. 2 11. 35, 4 56, 59. 5 56, 657, 123 930 Sundays 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-59 5, 1010, 21, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 s,sMondays excepted. Goiborne-6 44. 8 26. 10 12, 12 23,2 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 99, 10 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Itough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99,10 3, 1055. 19, 1 59. 2 2 319, S 10, 523, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 18. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3 262 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, ,8 50, 11 20 undays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 14. 8 40. 9 34, 10 2. 11 17, 120. al 45, 213 30, 4 22, b 5 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bkiaturdays excepted. Liyerpool(via Farlestown)-1 0 a 2 35,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 5, 15. 1 30, 3 20, 4 25, 4 00,_ 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sundays 10 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40 3loudays only. Via Widnes 625, 820, 9 5, 350, 1230, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520. 56. 8 30, 10 45. Sundays 7 35, 2 10, 7 15, 10 45. London (Midland )-5 15,10 5,120, 20, 40, be, a 9 15, 12 0, bun aye 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 332, 9 25, 9 54. ..i9, 1 -I, al 37, 4 14,55 33, 5 z. 9, 6 41, 7 41, 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. b3aturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-6 33,7 23. 7 55, 9 28. 10 33, 12 38, 5, 3 43,55 8, 5 23, 68, 7 10, 9U. Sundays, 7 34, 1 44, 634 Satin days excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (London-road)-7 Li, 7 50, 9. 25, 10 35, 12 2, 5. 20, 340, 55 5, 5 2U, 65, 7 5, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 3u 530 1 40, b aturcl,ky s excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Line..)-6 45, 7 20, 8 33, e 9 5, 9 30, 9 35,13 30, 10 25, 1130, 1230. 12 45, 13), 2 30, 330, 430,4 43 5 30,6 30, 6 38,7 30, 8 33,8 33, 9 55, 1) 0, 510 30, 11 0. Sun- days 8 39, 9 10,9 33, 10 40,1 40,2 5, 6 35,8 20, 9 40, aSatur- days .only. Midultwielt-6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore---6 56,96, 11 14,12 11,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 New ton 655. 7 25, 842, 9 it, 9 49, 113 9, 1022, LI 2, 11 31, 48, 10, 1. 23, 549. 6 27, 7 30. 85, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 32, 37, 47, 4 58, 5 10, 5 35. .5 uradays 8 3), 9 49, 101, 3 49, 7 20. 11 5. Padgate 7 8,7 48, 8 26, 9 0.10 6 1 9, 210,3 125,5 184 7 3,9 25. Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,56 25, 8 15. 959 26,10 10,11 28, 1215, 30, 3 85, 4 25, 6 40, 6 45, 7 27, 8 30, 9 45, 11. 0. Sundays 29, 45, 8 35, 30, 6 10. 10 47, 2 36. cc Nloudays excepted. Runcern 839, 919 10 15,10 26, 12 30, 125, 32, 440 541, 6 30, 8 10. tankey-6 13, 1i,3, 8 31, 9 25, 1020. 11 24,12 36, 1 36, 1 35 240, 3 44, 41 35, 5 5., 5 40,6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 1 50 40, 57, 203. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 65. L.t Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 2). 125, 2 45, 430, 5 50, 820, Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 5, in &O, 1115.12 50, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70,3 10 5, 940. Sundays, 92, 2 0, 80. Thelwall-8 10, 8 33, 9 30, 9 58, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 55, 9 18, 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45, 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 229 7 20. Widnes(C heshira Lincs)-3 20, 9 1.5, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 125, 2 30, 3 25, 4 25. 5 29, 6 12, 716, 7 56, 9 211 42, a Sun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 9 20, a Saturdays only

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. ' FOR AC4ST Sept. —ewinton, i 3 3 10—Oldham, h 0 9 • 17—St. Helens, h 3 0 24 —Widnes, a Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe, h 15—B trrow, h 22—Roth late H., a 3 2 29 —Tyldesley h Nov. 5 —Minoru, a 12—Broughton R. n 3 8 19—Old1iam. a 26 --Morecambe a 7 2 Dec. 3—B u.r.)w, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, It 8 6 24 —Birkenhead W., h 26 —Runcorn. h 27—Hull, a 31—Swinton. a Jan. 2—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. Is 21 Tyldesley, a 28 —Stockport, a Feb, 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford, h 14--Leigh, a 18—St. Helens, a. 3 12 25 —itrought on . Mar. 4—Rochdale SE., n 11—Widnes, is 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie h Apr. I—Cup Tie 3—Rancor., a, 8--Hull K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. VOR AGST Sept. 3 Wig tn. a 4 3 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham, a Oct. I—Leigh. h 8— Wh.ines. a 15—Chesh!re v Lancishire, 5 4 22—Tylklestey, a 29-oheshire v Yorkshire, 214 Nov. 5 Morecambe h 12—Salford, a 19—.'heshire v thirnberland, 26—Broughton h Dec. 3—Bradfor', a 10wntut. 1-s 17—Rochdale Ii h 8...... 3 24—Brough'on R., a 26—Warrington. a 31—Tylde•-ley h Jan. 2—St, Helens. a 0 0 7—Swintoo, 14 'Wigan, h 25...... 0 21—'Ftockport, 13.. .. 0 28 —Le,gh. a Feb. 4—St. Halals, h do 11 —Morecambe, a 18—Widnes, h 21—Leigh, a 25 •tochdale 11., a Mar. 4 —Oldham, h 11—Stockport, a Apr. 3—Warrington, h WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. FOR AGST Sept. 3—St. Helens, h .LO—Wigan, a lO 2 17—Morecambe, a 24 Warrington, h Oct. I—Tvidesley, a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh h • 10......5 29—Rochdale H Nov. s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, 12—Swinton, a 3 3 19—Salford, h 6—St. Helens, a. 0 0 Dec. 3—Laneat ter, h 10—Oldham, a 0 14 17— Vloecambe, h lO 2 24—Rochdale H., h 31—Leigh, a Jan. 2.—Stockport, a 14—Stockport, h 26 10 21—Salford, a 28—Broughton R., a abandoned Feb. 4—Tvldeslev, h 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 0 11 25 —Oldham. h Mar. 4—Broughton R., h. 11—Warrington, a Apr. 3—Swinton, h ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. TOR AGST Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3—Whines, a 214_-oMtdorheacarnm, hbe, a 0 6 • 10—Broughton N., h 17—WarrinAon, a , 0 3 8 0 Oct. 15 9 B—Rochdale H., h 22 3 15—Lancaster, 22—Swinton, a 29—Wigan. R ••• Nov. s—Leigh, h 12—Wigan, h 10—Leigh, a 26—Widnes, h Dee. 3—Birkenhead W~ h 10—Hull ii 0 l9 17—Broughton Rangers. a 24—Salford. a 26 —Tyldeslev. h Jan. 2—Runcorn. 7—Salford, Ii 14—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a' 9— 0 28-01dh int, a . 0---16 Feb. 4—Runcorn a 11—Tyldesley, a 18—Warrington, h 25 Mar. 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale H., a 31—Stockport h Apr. 3—Lan aster, is B—Morecambe, h TO-DAY'S MATCHES. Broughton Rmagers v Warrington Widnes v Oldham Stockport v Wigan Salford v Swinton Rochdale Hornets v Runcorn Morecambe v Leigh NEW DRESSES NEW JACKETS NW 'HATS A new gown, jacket or hat can be made easily from the old with Diamond Dyes They are easy to use and are made in all colours. CA.RDIDIAT.,I BOTTLE bREEN IsAllOOl4 NAVY ELITE t.7I.EaINET SEAL BROWN are a few of their popular non-fading, handsome colours. Several shades can be made with each dye. With yellow even a child can dye YELLOW LEVION MAIZE Use only the Diamond Dyes—they are reliable. 40 Bright Fashionmble Colours produced by DIAMOND DYES. DYE ANY friATEriiAL, ANY SHADE„ ANY OLOUR. Sold everywhere, 3d. & 6d. per packet. /DIAMOND DYES. 31 & 32 Snow Hill, London E.O.

_ TO BE GIVEN AWAY, Among those taking part in our FREE CASH PRIZE COMPETITION. NO ENTRANCE FEE WHATEVER.

ist PRIZE 46,50. 2nd PRIZE £25. 3rd PRIZE £l5. 4th PRIZE £lO. These money Prizes will be genuinely given away as an adver- tisement, among the Competitors who can re-arrange the following 22 letters to represent the names of four well-known wild animals, selected by us. viz : N lOL GERIT EPTNAHEL ABREZ.

Send in your solutions at once, upon receipt of which we will inform you if correct, and give you full details of the Compe- tition, with conditions, and date of closing. If you cannot solve all four names, do as many as you can, as there are four prizes to compete for. No solution can be received after 12th April 1899. Address:--" Competition Nanager," 214, Hornsey Road, LONDON.

CONSUMPTION I have a certain remedy for the above disease. Testimonials show that by its use many cases of long standing have been cured. Indeed, so strong is my faith in its efficacy, that I will send to ANY SUFFERER Ti 0 OTTLS EtE3E; together with a new and valuable treatise on this disease. WILL YOU TRY IT? T. A. SLOCUM, 28, ENDSLEIGR GARDENS, LONDON, N.W. CURED!

e05.e...044.4.0****0004,444.4• / Symington's Edinburgh Coffee • Essences are made from a seil e• lection of the finest coffees grown. • 'old in small and large bottles ! 4• by all Grocers. 6 e•O • 04* 04130 64 0 4.0 C. 0 •

JOHN W ALKER AND CO., BEWSE Y STREET WARRINGTON. PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRIN fING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING F DR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOO PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. °GRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONE THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Single Sheet 51 t. Sin, by 3ft. 91n. TEE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRR PLACARD may be foamed by joining number of the " LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. ENVELOPES 2s. PR 1,000. • • -r tJ OHN WALKER AND CO.,

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. 50 PER CENT SAVED. PURCHASE DIRECT FROM THE ABSOLUTE MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTEED fon H. YEARS FROM 215 10s. CAII Usually Sold at £3l. Much Greater Reductions on Higher Classes. SAVE YOUR MONEY BY TRADING DIRECT. PIANOS at WHOLESALE PRICES Direct from the Factory by the Leading and Well known Firm of 0 E. BISHOP AND SONS. LIMITED. BELMONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER STREE r, LONDON, W. BRANCH SHOW-ROOMS- -287, GRAY'S INN ROAD, KING'S CROSS, LONDO ' ) , ~.._.. ~4? ?"1i 1 11111111111.4 i Medals and Highest Awards at all the Leading International Exhibitions. 76 GUINEA PIANO direct fr.= our factory to y our home for £35 CASH. Designs of higher classes at equally low prices on application. EASY TERMS of PAYMENT MAY BE ARRANGED. Securely Packed and Delivered to any part of the United Kingdom. Buy Direct and Save the Heavy Profits of the Middleman Such facilities have never before been offered the Public Write for Price List and Full Drawings. E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED, HEAD OFFICE AND WORKS— BELMONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LUND ON N. W. ESTABLISHED 1862. Telegraphic Address—" ARCHBISHOP LONDON.:

THE GREAT REMEDY. GOUT „AI /vs pILLS FR tiOUT, RHBUMATIbM„ SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists a nd Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS. GUARANTED . Carriage Paid, and FOR FIVE YEARS ?a allowed. ! lllOl EXHIBITED -11 'o' ' - ~ ' . Carrying ONE TON x...,N ..<...., ~....:,.........,...,:„ • tair „..,„,,,,t...:,,,, i AT Liverpool, Manchester, A mil- AND OMER Exhibitions - Gmat reduction in prices Apply to The Longford Wireleo., Limited, Warringto n. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS

IBIS TOOTHACHE AND 10:7111V t*! NEURALGIA CURE. In bottles, is. lid., of all Chemiats Nt, 'r. or Post .Free from Manufacturer, J Mr. A B ROBINSON. L.D.S., London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

peaittraltw.,,,,,,4‘6,..t.twelloevairos 6. Never be without a bottle of' ‘ S Symington'sEdinburghCoffee I" Essence in the house. All Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment. 2 0.000542,5e3043020003CAZ=5eti

Send to . . . RAY& al 31. ES, Lartrrelpcool For Illustrated Price List of pE pIIT 71q ILFALO tts, I Beat Val Lao eh Enzlaancl.

P ikt7 17)171 will never trouble you if your PTl,lnlatie Tyresare fitted with the PATENT SELF-SEA LING A 1.47 TeViES The only Comp:ete and Su,,stul l'un,ture Remedy as proved by Four Ye 4 Supplied by all Cycle Agents. Write fi,r In ilet (fire) tn- -4 The SELF-SEALING Alp Cl..l.7lftlßl:rt Cc., Ltd., r CRANyttLE STREET, In RNIN • The _Royal Laundr,V soy Critehletie " aTeRCH GLOSS " is unequalled for ,147, a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—Mr wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It shoprd be u ed in every house. Sold at 10., 3d. and 6d., by molt starch seller . If not in stock will pro Cute it. T. CBITCHLEY, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt

'''' • 'T, 1.•1 F . ' •.P. • "••,' " ' "1",',77'.*"."."°, ..H"777-47,0.7, 1- •., •i ~.„.,.. .. A,,.i,,,, A'. .1,44 W • - ~,,,' 1 t 50p_147,:.*T0,-..4,1.- , At.. .4 „ r.FLI.C=.Y COI:SECT AL":, inr.r.onwaTior.-.4, LIKOVE ALL 'opirrtucTioNs, and rthe ye the d:stressing symptom:: el), prevalent with the :ex. BoN'es,l/13 & i'.l9 (contains Circa timea the quantity), ef all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or :2)4 stamps, by E. T. TO N 71,11 Zianufa turers, Dryden St., Nottingham. so, Ilevn, ni Tratations, irsiarimm and v,ortreitt. .......... ...P...

Ji A g,,„ 1.1:1, pi, :i ' fi, 1 °- ILLS : i_, „i",,, ~ 4 v .'' :` c)-O,IZ tilious and itenous tisarders, SUCH AS HEADACHES , INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK SIODPACEI, dic. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY TEE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

MEN WHO ARE t, um.

, - WATCH Si CHAIN FO R ONE DAY'S MIK. , ''' •••.rx. 4 4: ... 1.. -'4-. - - - - --..-- -.- A..-- '.., • Boys and Girls can get a NICRF.I,- .:. PLATRD WATCH, also a CHAIN and ~.. .„..,' CHARM for selling IS dozen packages a ir BLUINR at Firepence each. Send your ' full address including name of County. •:,_•.-4.11j by I eturn mail, and we will forward the Blulne. —"-T-- post paid, and a large premium list No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department C 2) ) 241. Gipsy Road, West Norwood. London, ELF%

THE FAMOUS L. AND IEI TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCO. THE SIVSETEST AND COOLEST SAOKE • ON lIABT IN loz. AND 20z. FOILS. 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED PROII J. BESWICK, 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR 11:16IRST-CLAS3 P.RIVATIS DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments 'unnecessary, but may bar arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informri befcreciaand the oast of TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, rrEETH. Painless HatrrliT as h ons eld* by the am -I- -e. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,0 a: gallons weekly. hirors, of the late J. He PARKINSON (Dwain BY Exam.) MANCHESTER ... .46, MOSLEY-STREET. (Telephone 1630). LIVERPOOL . (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS G F4O RGE-STREET MONDAY. 9 a m. to 7 D.M. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREET. TL ESDAY, 2 p m. WARRINGTON ...3, S.‘NK ET-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ...............31, B RI DGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH ..... ....18, APPLEAARKET-STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MAR RIAGES. ---- SAMPSoN—SP2Nezß—February 11th, at the Parish Church. Warrington. by the Rey. Canon Willis, Thomas Langslow Sampson to Elizabeth Spencer. DEATHS. --- TROMIN- February Bth. at Hoyle-street.Warrington, Thoraaa Truman. aged 62 years. WooD—February Bth. at Wharf-street, Warrington. John. Wood, aged 41 years. CLEGG—February 9th. at Back Dallam-lane, Warring Lon. William Clegg. aged 48 years. SAUCE—FebruAry 10th. at Cockhedge-lane. Warringtan,, Bridge Sauce, aged 60 years. HAravenn —Feb, nary 11th. at Stafford-road, Warrington, William Hayward. :.gel 63 years. HIGHAM —February 13th, at Laira-atreet, Warrington, Mary Higham, ad 59 years. LElGH—February 14th, at Orford Avenue, Warrin::,t) hichard Leigh, aged 46 years. . RUNCORN. SILLIS —l6th inst., at 32. Hifzerton-street, Martha Mary,infaut daughter of Mr. John William Sillis, age 1 4 years. PRICE-18th inst. at B ank's-row, Weston. Mrs. Kate Pric widow of the late Mr. Robert Price. aged 61 years. HORRoCKS —lBth inst.. at 30, Canal-street, Elizabeth, widow of the late Mr. William 14 rrocks. aged 43 ',ars. TURNER-19th inSt.. at Clarke's Terrace. Weston Point, Sarah Elizabeth, wife of Mr. Henry Turner, aged 37 years.

FRIARS GREENN Warrington (Opposite Arley Station) Also at MANCHESTER ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S VV ARD AND Cja. r UT e ic. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, HesLdstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING MEM rum )10N111,11i.NTS A SPbCIALTY.
