===== 0002601_18990421_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
HIG-11-CL ASS

DiAoNDS, WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, &c. .30 TO 50 PER CENT, LESS THAN Ja WELLER'S PRIORS.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 - LONDON-ROAD, - 122

LIVERPOOL, TAWNBROKHRS, fl WELLIMS, SILVERSMITH/3,

AND DIAIIOND MERCHANTS.

MAGNIFICENT VARIRTY OF LADIES'DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RING.:i GENT'S SINGLE-STONE DIAMOND RINGS, DIAMOND PENDANTS, BRACELETS, LADIES' AND GENT'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL THE LEAD- ING MAKERS.

OLD GOLD AND SILVER ANTIQUES, DIAMONDS, &c BOUGIIT OR TAKEN IN EXCHANGE,

DELEprroxE, 2061.

MONEY ADVANCED ON JEWELLVRY, DIAMONDS, WATCaES, PLATE, &C., TO ANY AMOUNT AT Low RATES OF INTEREST; STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1045.

UAIBTtELLAS I UMBRELLAS I ! THR LATZST NOVIiLTIES SUITABLII FOR FIaSENTS.

LADIES' & GENTLMIEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS A D UNSHAD%',9 RECOVHELHD iz }ILLY .11.21 HOUR FROM 38. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, LIANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

TOBACCO, ‘JIGAR 5, kJIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HAILGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STEBST, MANOHISSTISR. Established 65 Years.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
24.173R1L 21, 11399.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
11E SENSATION OF THE SEASON

THE MAZEPPA CYCLE. Famous for Speed. Durability, and Finish. GENTS! Road Racer or Roadster £9 Or 12 iklonthly Payments of 17s. 6d. LADIES' (Perfect Models) £9 _

Or 12 Monthly Payments of 17s. 6d. Catalogues Post Free. MAZIZPPA CYCLE COMPANY, t4CUTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL (0,2')9/Tli Chuaiz t oxs).

===== 0002601_18990421_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Cybibition Ibbertiqmentq.

No. 34 IN CORRIDOR. EXHIBIPION TOY STALL. USEFUL PRESENTS IN FANCY GOODS. HOUSEHOLD BRUSHES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

MADE BY

1 ITOMAS PRINCE.

BRUSH MA.NUFACTURIM, 4, HORSENIARKET-STREEN. SPBAAL NOTH IT PAYE TO BUY BRUMES FRON THE MIXER.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Bit 0571 is. 734(1. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. is gd. per Quarter credi

0 rbibition ebb trtismtnts.

SEE

WILLIAMS AND CLAY'S,

STAND No. 23, TRADES' EXHIBITION,

PARR FULL, FOR THE

CELBBRILTBD PRIZS MEDAL SWINTON RANG-11S.

PARS BUILDINGS, CROSFIELD STREET,

WARRINGTON.

Slow combustion Grates, Mantelpieces. Tiles for fireplaces walls,pavements,etc., etc.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. rETH. Appointments unnecessary but may bta arranged TEETH All consultations ire,. TEETH. Each pa aent informed beforehand the aOst; for work required. TEETH.GoId and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide, TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.

lixore, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DFXTIBT BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER.-- 46, MOSLEY -STREET

(Telephone 1660),

LIVERPOOL__

..... ,5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS .—..... ...... .._.......GE0RGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 am. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

KARLESTOWN .-.-.-....-...7, J RIDGE-STREEr

TUESDAY. 2 p.?n.

WARRINGTON ANK bIY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, f. ;05.

-31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICH.- —lB, APPLE MARK ST-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

Crbtbition Abbtrttsnurnts. OLD ESTABLISHED AND NOTED FOR GOOD SEEDS

THOMAS PIERPOINT & CO.,

GARDEN AND AGRICULTURAL SEEDSIIEN AND

GROWERS.

39 HORSE NiARKET-STREET,

VV ARRINGTON. IMPORTERS OF FOREIGN SEEDS & BULBS. DEALERS IN NITRATE OF SODA, GUANO, AND

===== 0002601_18990421_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
()THEM MANUItIiS

Illustrated Garden and Farm Seel Catalogues free on

application. Every Garden Requisite.

STALLS 19 & 20. THE

AMERICAN GOLD WIRE

WRITER ANY ARTICLE MADE WHILE YOU WAIT.

Don't fail to see the Latest :

THE BRONZE ALUMINIUM PEN.

Non-Corrosive and Unbreakable.

J. VANDERSTEEN AND Co..

134, CIIEAPSIDE, LONDON, E.C.

J. GROOMS,

PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER (LATE WITH MESSRS. W. WOODS AND 50N), 19, KNUTS FORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. BEST WORKMANSHIP

LOWEST PRICES. PUNCTUALITY. WINDING BY CONTRACT.

TRADES EXHIBITION PARR HALL.

B ER E SF 0 R D'S

LIOIL TUNSTA.LL (POTTERIES) ARE SELLING A.

COMPLETE TEA SET

FOR Six PERSONS FOR 23 lliD. (FACTORY PRICE.) EVERY PIECE IN PEACOCK COLOUR

AND FINISHED IN (3-9LD.

MONET RETURNED IF NOT SATISFIED.

. 11. AND C. LAWLESS

ARE BOILING TOFFEE EVERY DAY

AT PARR HALL.

GO AND SEE IT MADE.

BEFORE LEAVING THE EXIMITION

PURCHASE A

lib. FANCY TIN OF BUTTER AND

TREACLE TOFFEE, GD.

IT IS DELICIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE OUR SHOW OF

CHOCOLATES AND COCOA,

IN CHNTRH OF HALL OPPO6ITH CROSFIELD'S.

CALL AND SEE THE IMPROVED

WOODS' PATENT WIRE CYCLE SADDLE

IN THE M4IN HALL OF THE PARR HALL. STAND No. 15 AND 16.

FITTED WITH NEW WROUGHT STEEL CLIP.

VizEICIIiT GREATLY REDUCED.

ONE MONTH'S TRIAL ALLOWED.

STAND 38.

S. H. JORDAN,

PICTURE FRAME MANUFACTURER,

CARVER AND GILDER, MOUNT CUTTER, &c.

IMPORTER OF MOULDINGS,

Dealer in High-class Prints, Engravings, Pho',ogravu. Water Colors, OH Paintings, Opals, Chromos, ezo,

1351 BRIDGE STREET. (BRIDGE FOOT),

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18990421_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
I 111 " 1 I , , t' 1. i 1 ; `.l I .0 ~.% : . 11 t' . ; it ; 1 c i LI

===== 0002601_18990421_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efirectua

HOOPING COUGH cure without intern medicines. HOOPING COUGH -- 01 all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sole W holesale Agens, BRONCHITIS W.. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria street CROUP

London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

EADE'S PILLS.

EADIC'S pILLs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism elould immediately EADR'S pus. have recourse to RADII'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have ELDWS PILLS. been received from all sorts and -I- conditions of men testifying to EADII El pILLs. the wonderful power these Pills have In giving relief in the vex v FADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in

their action. INSTINT RELIEF AND 'RAPIDLY CURB THB WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation t7et given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT. " 18,Burton-cros ent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. .) HE UMATISM "Dar Sir, —lt is with unlaounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT penis° of your most excellent Pills. It. is Aix years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMAT/JM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and ens gate sure they prevented R RUMATIi M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have mai the least GOU pain I have Laken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RILE UMATI 5M directly. I WOULD NOT BIN WITHOUJ GOUT THEN'. IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE.Y It HE UNA Sl' IS M You are quite at liberty to make what use you lika of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tk. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write HE the (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. 10. and 23. ad or sent post frea for Postal Order by tha Proprietor GEORGE BAWL 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. 11.0. As!l to and be sure TOU obtain 'LADE'S GOUT AND xkIEU ktA.TIO PILLS. ADE S PILLS

McDOUGAL 1:S PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGESTION.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
For nearly 20 years

DR. DAVIS'

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

have been universally arlmitted to be A BOON TO; WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for

Asxmia, Giddiness Fulness and swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitotion of tha Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments.

Boxes, 9141., ls. lid.. 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. Mac' be Md. from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept n. substitute. If not in stoek ask hem to obtain them, or to be had-direct-fro.n the Pro- prietor— - - - -

DR. Mans, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill. London.

DR. J .

COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNN.

THE ORMINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CLORODYIN.g is admitted by the Profession to he ths most wonderful and valuable rewely ever dis

covered.

CHLORODYN, is the hest remedy known for R Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. OIiLORODYNE effectually checks and arnsts ‘J those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague.

Ci-ILORODYNR acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysent3ry. 011LORODYNE effectually cuts short; all attacks Nu of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Pa'pitation, and Spasms. infILORODYNM is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. .2017LT0N AND CO., HOrtleaßtle.

We 'nye made pretty extensive use of Chlocodyne !now practice lately and loot; upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seams to a!lay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling Lf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to • possess this great advantage over ali other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a desp,ten from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, sad that the ONLY remedy of any service was 2-/ILORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December, ISM

CAI:MON.—BEWARE: OF PIRACY AND MITA- I toffs. Catrriam.—Vict-Chdlioehor sir W. PAGU OOD stated that Dr. J. CoLuis BRowtm was, an loubtedly, the inventor of " LOtiODYNN " and that the story of the defendant leßzEmax, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See limes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None i 3 genuine without the wores "DR. J COLLIS BROWN WS CHLOILODYLvE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medic. itestiinony accompanies uach bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Ituseell-street, Bloomsbury. ',nylon

KEN' IN G'6 POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. Kills Fieas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kil,s Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER, OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF ' Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. (Harm- Jess to everything but Insects.) bold only in tius. 3d., ed•, and is. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, EUGS.d

FLEAS, BKETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS', BEETLES, MOTIkI, BUGS.

HYGIENIC SPRING CLEANING.

PAYTON 'S WALL PAPER CLEANER

PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL PAPRIL EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIe AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOAL ALL GROCERS, OR is. 610. CARRIAGE PAID. PAYTON MANUFACTURING Co., 10, NORFOLK-ETREET, MANCHESTER.

, v..13 ANLY II E. 'Why suffer from .psins and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Rxhaustion, and Wasting Weeknels ? Send for my book, whleh shows how every tnan.\,young and old, can bp thereugbly and quickly cured without STOMACH tlblJlt.ll‘ll4 or bLECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : " I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should e have saved many pounds.—G.F.lld " " I have carried out your instruct ions, and am now per- fectly _

Book sent sealed, post free. for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 ityld 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. vt.,•,' Cl"ntimintia Silecess.

on , ~ ..w.nr.

LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKS, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai-..ts. has much pleasure in announcing that her RII.MhDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is. he ',nig oositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost Immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every

ease. bend at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and oust convinaing Testimo dais (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKE, 53. Bradgate-road. Oatford, London S.E.

WOMEN'S AIL SI ENTS. IRREGULARITIES, &c.,—A Lady, haying tried in rain every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, wis'eli will act in a few hours, no matter how.stu,horn the case. Bone-tide sufferers can get it FREE OF CHARGE by enclosing stamped env.dope. Don't experiment with Worth- less Fills, 2111xtur r, -one:, and other injurious nostrums* Write at on • Le full HoPE AND CONE DENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane Loudon)

===== 0002601_18990421_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MARVEL BoXHS PLAY • 79.75. • - 1„0_ f • C 4

===== 0002601_18990421_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
POLYPHON MUSICAL BY THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but mu ch su- perior tone. HUNDREDS OP TUNES can be played You can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE .UN LS. Prices from 124.6 d. to .C 25.

RCHER SONS, A 43 TO 47 LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL-

===== 0002601_18990421_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAR NELLIE'

There are some exceedingly pretty girl coats coming to the front now. One I saw was made in fine blue cloth, with dainty collar of nainsook and guipure with a hat of guipure over white chiffon, white bows, and loops of crinoline straw. Then you may see how you can secure the smart- est little open-fronted coat of black or blue serge, the tapering revers and little rounded basque edged with black and white braid, its name, by the way, being the " Milan" ; while the "Dore," shows the latest development of the bolero coat, cut short to the waist at the back and sides, but made with longer fronts, its material black or tan box cloth, with collar and revers of morid, a braided trimming and a silken lining.

As smart a spring wrap as the ireart of woman could desire, is of a type that will be exbrennely fashionable during the next few months. It is made of rich black poult de soie, edged all round with fine jet gimp, and having big revers of ivory satin, overlaid with black sequin embroidered net the edges softened with quillings of chiffon. The becoming Medici collar is lined with cream Mech- lin lace, and a voluminous cravat of the same fine lace provides a very pretty finish. The coat hooks invisibly at the left side, where .it is adorned with two large cut glass buttons. Another most excellent coat is the box cloth "Doris," where an elaborate arrangement of stitched strappings is responsible for the adorn- ment of it tight-fitting simplicity. Then the " Perfection" lives up to its name by being the smartest little coat possible of black, tan, or grey box cloth, the scalloped Medici collar, the prettily- rounded fronts and tiny basque outlined with a novel design of stitching, while the revers are faced with white moird—a fact which you can make decoratively obvious when you so desire, while on other occasions you can quite alter the character of your coat by closing it up trimly and tightly, and fastening it over in double-breasted fashion, but of these, it only.now remains for you to choose your favourite.

There are some very smart serge coats and skirt costumes. If you are in search of a promenade or afternoon gown, there is the " Adele " to show the effectiveness of black and white check com- bined with. stitched strappings of blank satin, an underskirt of the same fablic, and on the bodice a tucked collar and yoke of pale blue . silk, with a scarf and sailor's knot of lace. Each coat and gown is provided with a companion in the way of a hat or toque; and, is unions of this kind are proverbially happy and successful, you will be wise nob to interfere with them.

In regard to millinery there is any amount of varieties, for the show of millinery this spring is even more attractive than usual. Many of these are shown in the fashionable papers, with full description of the trimmings.

One I have seen is a hat of fancy cream-coloured straw, with a fancy Tuscan straw threaded in the plait. This is trimmed all round the crown with black ostrich tips, and twists of black tulle are caught with a handsome silver buckle set with 5 paste and emeralds. There are pipings of black velvet under the brim, and a wreath of exquisitely natural pink roses rests on the hair in front. Then there is a boat-shaped hat of fancy straw in a pale shade of fawn, trimmed with silk of two colours, pluinbago-blue and a dead shade of red, which make.; a daring but very effective cotabina- tion of colour. Long quills of a natural' shade appear above the folds of silk, and these are painted in large white designs. Under the brim on either aide are pink and white roses. Your loving JENNIE.

CURTLY SAuon —Melt three tablespoonfuls of butter, add three tablespoonfuls of flour mixed with one teaspoonful of curry powder and half a teaspoonful of salt. Pour on gradmally two cup- fuls of scalded milk. Tha ambasit ol curry used in this recipe will not be objected to by moss persons unless the flavour is very distasteful to them.

BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS

'! NEVER FAIL."

Are acknowledged t-o-Ce-trieT4i genYine—r;me(ly for Correcting IRREGULARITIES &OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare certain to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes. is. 11d., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6(1., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from 13. BLANCHA.R.D, Forest Rd., Daiston, London.

The Health and Vigour of an Individual depends mion the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood wastesre ducts, and if these he not eliminated but (through any cape) ietaineri in the blood they influence nutrition aud funcsion and finally produce organic diselse." "The Humanitarian. In eases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- derful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture as sold everywhere,at 2s. 9d. per bottle.—Beware of worthless mitations and sutstitutes.—Advt. (5)

Afi, ',,--- ' i. 1 I. • ~t, , /7 V.,/ , . ' PI kr1i,.;i11,./ii, . i ,fr

s ---z ' I s 14 .lii• \ ,1,:.' rNIIII, lkii i . \ \ \ ' Iv ;., . w7e..r;M:'l , \ I\V •‘ ‘ ) \ ~ •v \,r---....,,,.... •.'N'f'•;:•4,,A ;‘,r•-ti ‘...\ 1,1 .g, '• ''; -\l.k,' - ,•,,,ii.'" ; '•,... 1., )/lAN • \ % - . ,1,51 \ ki • A\j i 1 i

; 0 ' , 1 01471: err .tpfL., 57, 2 l'i k ,-.7 ii:Ni'al /' f'''''''' CA -.4^ -4.•••-• . ~/ / 1 t 'SI 1 • 7 ifkir/ik, it •• ii o'6, or. if-At 1,,, , ..„ ... .....,..,....i„... , 4....).„....N. f--,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRWAY, APRIL 21, 1899.

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Princess Henry of. Battenberg, who has lately cele- brated the forty-second anniversary of her birthday, seems to have recovered to a cons derable extent, her bright, cheery manner, which has been missed by many since the death of Prince Henry three years ago. Her Royal Highness still dons mourning, but it is of much slighter character than hitherto, and really suits the Princess better than those colours she was wont to in- dulge in. Prince Alexander, her eldest son is growing quite tall, ar dit is pretty to see his air of protection when with his mother. He is a quiet thoughtful laddie, and in disposition resembles his father. The Queen is, and 'always has been a great advoCkte for the observance of birthdays. In her Majiisty's " Birthday Book "the names of all her relatives are re- corded, and as each anniversary comes round,the Queen writer congratulations with her own hand. To her chil- dren and grandchildren a gift specially, and thought- fully eelected,is always despatched by special messenger on the anniversary of their natal day. By her daughters and daughters-in-law, the Queen is invariably addressed as " Mamma." This word has become 83 unfashionable of late years ia all but the humblest classes of society, that one at first feels sur- prised to hear the ,Princesses use it to their own mother. But we have only to remember that in the days when cur Queen, as Princess Victoria, had her own beloved mother with her, the highest classes in the land used the word " Mamma " in addressing the maternal parent. The Queen is strongly conservative in all such matters. Lord and Lsdy Iveagb, who had the honour of enter- taining the Duke and Duchess of York during their re- cent visit to Ireland, are enormously rich. Beside their Dublin house, tt,ey have a mansion in Grosvenor Place. London, filled with the most valuable collecti.ns of Roinneys in existence, and they own Elvedon, where the late Maharajah Dhuleep Singh used to live. The ball- room in th, it Dublin house is said to have coat £30,000. The walls are panelled out in pilasters of al.baster in double columns, dividing high pa:;.els of Algerian onyx, in frames of Carrara marble. At either end is a balcony of aluminium, looking like silver, and the huge massive fender before the fireplace is ot the same metal. • The wonderful oak floor is delightfully " springy," and the electric light so arranged • that the room receives only reflected light. The batigings are of.rose coloured silk appliqUe, with velvet of darker hue and richly embroi- dered.

So soon as the business of hou3e cleaning is got through, the numerous items of" decoration" should be taken in band. For instance, lamp audcandle shades,that have looked very passable during the dark winter even- ings now appear dingy and faded in the bright spring sunlight, sofa cushioes bear a crumpled aspect, a new. bow is re eded here, a new card or flower is neceesary there, in fact at this seae,on there are a hundred und one little details that need attention, if we would have Our homes present that bright well-cared-for look which is the aspiration of all model housekeepers. To begin with the lamps. All burners should te placed in soda and water (one o•ince to every quart of water) and boiled for ten minutes. New wicks should be soaked in strong vinegar and thoroughly dried before placing in thescleaned buiners,and the lamp chimneys cleaned with &cloth dipped in alcohol. If the stock of chimneys is getting low, this should be replenished, and boiled t efore storing: The ceitnney should be placed in a saucepan of cold water, which should gradually be brought to toiling point, the saucepan being tben drawn aside. and 'he water allowed to become quite cold before the chimneys are removed. Silk shades are the most desir- able of course, but where something lass expensive is desired, crinkled paper with delicate blossoms printed on it is the best substitute. For reading, a green or rose pink shade is best, but for the dinner table or drawing room, red or yellow are becoming colours. One of the newest and prettiest ways of decorating a dinner table is to hang a basket from the ring in the ceiling to which the now almost obsolete gas chandslier used to be attached. From this ba,ket long trails of smilax, ivy, (brown and green) with each leaf polished to a high perfection of glossiness should depend. Any rusty leaves must be carefully cut away, or the erect will be spoiled. A few fashionable American women are now disp, rising with a tablecloth altogether. A plush or ' satin centre decorates the middle of the festive beard, and a mat of the same material is put to each guest for the plates. On the highly polished surface of the table are arranged the silver and china dess‘rt dishes, silver lamps or candle sticks, and flower bowls. The idea may be novel, but is scarcely likely to find favour in our eyes. The new menus and holders are in various fantastic designs, but the" poster" is still found among them, the list of dishes being deposed upon it in a manner rather suegesti re of the contents of a magazine, than a dainty fare for the mere body. Above it the word "Menu "straggles in the brightest colours, with each letter apparently endeavouring to stride off the page in a different direction. For special occasions' menu cards ate usually specially designed and printed. For example at a recent dinner given in a Scottish mansion, where a large fishing party ,w,s gathered, all :the mends here csloured presentments of flies, famous among fishermen on those waters These were of coursa absolutely accur- ate " portraits." , The weather nag rendered some sort of extra covering indispensable for cutdocr wear, and smart little coats of cloth and velvet lead the way. Some are close fitting, ethers have plain eacque backee.but all are short. In fact so abort as to be little removed from dress bodices. But the best worn reach to about four or five inches below the wai,t, and fit without a 'wrinkle. The collars are fairly high, and curve outwards. Some time back an endeavour was made to Meg in the monogrammed glove again, but it has not met with success. It otands to reason that no well-bred woman would care to exhibit her initials on the back of her hand, any mese than she does on the toes of her to, ts and shoes. Such a mode will never find favor among itally well-dressed women. . .

Small girls' frocks are, for the most part being built with belted bodices and quite plain shirts. There was, some time bsck. an attempt made to introduce the thaw d flounce, or trimmings to repr sent it, upon these drEsses, but happily it failed. Party frock, for very small folk reveal almost without exception, high waists, full sleeves, and flowing skirts. • Much lace enters into the composition of this section of juvenile attire, and with happy results. For some time past there has been a popular notion that cancer is often caused,or brought on, by eating raw tomatoes. Those who are apt to pride themselves upon their commtsn sense mostly pooh pooh the idea, but in spite of all protestations as to their harmless character, there are many who will not touch tomatoes on this account. One of the greatest authorities on this subject is Dr. Plimmer, Lecturer on Pathology and Bacter.o ogV at one of the leading London hospit.ala, and he swims to be of opinion that there probably is -ems connection be- tween certain fruits and the growt, of malignant tumours. Esperiments have been conducted by eminent pathologi.t., with the result, it is asserted, that turnoura have been produced in perfectly healthy anmals with organisms taken from various fruits. Dr.Ptimmer says he sees no reason to dcubt the acmracy of this state- ment from which it wont(' appear he agrees with the disquieting suggestion that some connection b tween urc oked fruit and malignant growths , does in fact exist.

" MADGE."

Califc:::,:a Syrup of Figs acts as a perfect laxative should, cleansing and refreshing the system without weaken- ing it; permanently curing constipation and its effects. Agreeable preventives in season are much surer than belated drugs. A healthy con- . dition of the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels is the strongest sategua,rd against Head- aches, Racking Colds or Fevers. Mild and Sure in action and absolutely free from ob- jectionable substances.. Physicians re- commend it. Millions have found it invaluable. Children enjoy it; delicate ladie3 find it an ideal medicine; busy men take it without inccn discomfort. Imitations and substitutes are numerous: you must ask for "CALIFORNIA" syrup of Figs.

Look for the .name and trado mark of the CALIFORNIA, FIG SYRUP CO., which is on every bottle of toe genuine. Of all Chemists, x/ti and lig. 1\ Depot: 32 Snow 11111, London, E.C.

_ 0 r\ria ii fo rrli 1 as''q i s A!2,PoF,.glif'B,s I. y , t S ,-,-_-*,...r=s-,,,,, . • 'lv ,0 \ ' ~''''...'' V ' --,-. 0- • . ,A. -- .: A,4, fLt 1, ~ , • ...••• A, v - „-----,-, •-, \ , ‘:1 '41.4111 ' i i'-''' '- ' ' Vie' ', '':;::k:'*':i/'\ \ ::\A:4::•\+ V:,J iliedik*'-' s \ '' • ' \ ( ..... • ,/, r .I. )f I . . • P..A%).,:' c 4 i N 61 ERI : a ' ?Aftb‘l'HClL/ 61°' . 4, i

venience or ,y 4". 64'17 `teftoot, Trade Mark.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THE SEAFARERS :-

A MODERN ROMANCE.

BY JOHN BLOUNDELLE-BURTON, Author of "Fortune's my Foe," "The Scourge of God," "Across the Salt Seas," "The Clash of Arms," "In the Day of Adversity," "A Gen- tleman Adventurer," "His Own Enemy," "Denounced," eirc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Arabella Waldron, a young girl, is to sail for India in a ship belonging to her uncle, Captain Pooley, in order td be married at Bombay. But previously the reader is to be told of her courtship. A year before, the Captain had taken her to the theatre, where she had met Steplnn Charke, a young friend of her uncle, who is smitten by her.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 111.

"LET THOSE LOVE NOW WIIO NEVER LOVED BEFORE.. The "captain " led the way into the five stalls he had booked, followed, of course, by the elder ladies, and, as Stephen Charke naturally went last, it fell out that Bella and he sat by each other. And between the acts, the intervals of which were quite long enough .for _sustained conversation to take place, the girl had time to find held interest in him, as well as her surprise, considerably increased. She had perused a few novels dealing with the sea in. her time, and, in these, the mates of ships of whom she had read had more or less served to con- firm her opinion, already formed from real life. But, when Charke began to talk to her about the actual source from which; the ,play they were witnessing was drawn, she acknowledged to herself that, somehow she must have conceived a wrong impression of those seafarers. Certainly he, she , thought, gould not be one of the creatures who cursed and abused the men if they objected to their food, and threatened next to put them in irons; nor did she believe such individuals would have been depicted as knowing much about the Revolu- tion in France and the vulgar triumphs of Napoleon. Then, during the next interval, he approached the subject of the forthcoming festivities at Ports- mouth, to which Bella's uncle had told him he was going to take his relatives, and from that he glided off into the statement that he himself would be there. "I am going down next Monday," he said, "to see one or two of my old messmates of the Bacchus —in which I served for a year in the Channel Squadron—and I fancy 1 shall be ja at most of the functions. Have you ever been to a naval ball ? " Bella told him she never had been to one, her mother's intimacy with the Service having entirely ceased since Captain Waldron's death, and he then • proceeded to give her an account of what these delightful functions were like. Indeed, so vividly did he pourtray them that Bella almost wished they were going on that very night to take part in-one. When the play was over she—who acknow- ledged to herself that which probably no power on earth would have induced her to acknowledge so soon to anyone else, namely, that Stephen Charke was an agreeable, if not a fascinating, companion—in company with the others prepared to return to West Kensington, bidding good-bye to him in the vestibule of the theatre. "Where 'are you staying?" Mrs. Waldron asked him, as they stood on the steps waiting for their cab to make its appearance in turn. "And are you in London for any time ? " Charke mentioned the name of a West Epd caravanserai at which he had a room, ,as Fiis abode for the next day or so, and by doing so he administered one more shock of surprise to the girl' standing hooded and muffled by his side. For again, in her ignorance, or, perhaps, owing to heir readieg of nautical 'novels, she had always imagined the officers of merchant vessels as living somewhere in the purlieus of Ratcliff Highway when ashore, and rarely penetrating further West than the City itself. It seemed, however, flint either she had formed a totally erroneous impression of such people, dr those sources of information must be wronc, if all were really like Mr. Charke. But then, suddenly, here occurred to her mind the fact that her uncledriad said this young officer NNiS in possession of sonic few thousand pounds of his own—and .that, probably, wald explain why he was living in a comfortable manner when he Was ashore. "I am at home to my friends ervery other Friday," Mrs. Waldron said, as now the cab had got to the portico, and a man was bawling out "Mrs. POoley's carriage" at the top of his voice— which announcement, nevertheless, served the purpose required—"and the day after to-morrow happens to be one of those Fridays. If you clue to call— though I know gentlemen despise such things—we shall be glad to see you." "I do not despise them," Charke answered, "and I shall be dt lighted to come." Then he bade them all good-night, saw the cab off, and strolled down to his betel. In his inner- ntost heart Charke did despise such things as "at homes," or "tea fights," as he termed them con-

temptuously to himself, yet, in, common with a great many other mess, he was willing enough to go where there was any attraction strong enough to draw him. - And he told himself that there was an attraction such as he had never been subjected to before. "What a lovely girl," he thought to himself; "what eyes and hair—and a nice girl, too! Now I begin to understand why other men curse the sea, and say they would rather earn their living on shore driving 'busses than follow our calling. Also, why they nail up photographs in their cabins and watch every chance of getting mails off from the shore. I suppose I should have understood it earlier if I had ever met a girl like this." He did call on the following Friday, after having passed the inter' fling two days in wandering about London; going to a race meeting one day and a cricket match at the Oval the next; in trying a dinner at one foreign restaurant on the Wednesday, and another at a second foreign restaurant on Thursday: .but all the time he felt restless and unsettled, and wished that four o'clock on Friday was, at hand.. "This won't do," he said to himself, before, the cricket match on Thursday was half over, and while he sat baking in the sun that streamed down on to the Oval—which disturbed him not at all, and had no power to make him any browner—"this won't do., I must go to sea at once. By the time I have seen that girl again I shall be head over ears in love with her. And the interest on £4,000 in India Stock—by Jove! it isn't quite £4,000 since I've been loafing about on shore !—and a chief officer's pay won't keep a wife. Not such a wife as she would be, anyway." He did not. know it—or, perhaps, he did know it and would not acknowledge it to himself—but he was very nearly head over ears in love with Bella Waldron already. And he had only seen her once —been by her side at a theatre for three hours— with three intervals of ten minutes ir. which to talk to her! Yet the girl's beauty, her gentle innocence, above all, that trusting confidence with-which she seemed to look out upon all that was passing before her, and to regard the world as what it appeared to he and to take it at its own valuation, had captured him. Also, he should have known—he must have known—that when a man who has never thought much of the women he has Met heretofore, and has generally forgotten what their features were like by the next day, takes to lying awake for hours dreaming at last of one woman with whom he has •by chance' come into contact, he is as nearly in love with her as it is possible for him to be. So, at least, those report who have been in love, and so it has been told to the writer of this narrative! He made his way to Montmorency-road, West Kensingtob, exactly at four o'clock, and while he sat in the paetty drawing-room talking to Mrs. Waldron, who was alone at present—the appearance of Bella being promised by her mother in a few moments—he found himself wondering what the girl did witk her life here. He had seen bicycle in the passage as he was shewn upstairs, so he supposed she rbae chat, while there were some photographs of rather goad-looking men standing about on tha semi-grand and on the plush-covered thantelshelf—which made him feel horribly annoyed, until Mrs. Waldron, seeing his glance fixed on them, informed him that they were mostly cousins who were out of the country, while one or two of them happened to have succumbed to various climatic disorders abroad, for' which he did not seem to feel as sorry as he supposed he ought to do. Then Bella came in, looking radiantly beauti- ful in an early summer dress (a description of which masculine ignorance renders impossible), and Stephen Charke was happy for ten minutes. For they all talked of the impending fttes at Ports- mouth in honour of the foreign fleet, and Charke found himself in an Elysium when Bella promised

nim—without the slightest selr-conseiousnesS 02 false shame—that she would undoubtedly hay. some dances reserved for him. Yet soon other callers came in, and Stephen Charke found himself deprived of the pleasure of further conversation with Bella. An elderly dowager claimed her attention, and a middle-aged lady—of, as he considered, menacing aspect— regaled him with the evil doings of her domestic servants, a subject of abcut as much interest to this wanderer of the seas as that of embroidery or tatting would have been. An Irish Doctor of Divinity also disturbed his meditations on Bella's beauty by telling funny stories, the point of which he had forgotten until he refreshed his memory by reference to a little notebook in which he had got them all written down' while a young militia subaltern who htd failed for the Army—and seemed rather proud of it I—irritated him beyond endurance. Yet, even through this fatuous individual, there came something that was welcome to him, since he saw Bella regarding the youth with a look of scarcely veiled contempt, and he longed to tell the idiot that the only failure for which women have no pity. in this world is that of the intellect.

"Good-bye," he said to Bella, who accompanied him to the head of the stairs, after he had made his adieus to her mother. "Good-bye. Next week— Portsmouth—and—my dances." "I shall not forget," she said. After which he wandered off by devious and intri- cate ways, which reminded him of some ofthe narrow passages he knew of between the islands in the China seas, and so arrived at the District Railway. And all the time he was telling himself that he was a fool—an absolute fool. have fallen in love with a girl I have only seen twice," he meditated, as the train ran through the sulphurous regions underground and he endeavoured to protect his lungs by smoking cigarette after cigarette; "a girl who is not, and never can bq, anything to me. She will make a good match some day; she must make a good match—girls of her position and looks always do*; and a year or two hence I shall luff into some unearthly harbour abroad and run against Pooley, who will tell me that she has done Yet, all the same, he took comfort from re- membering that he had not seen anybody at Mrs. Waldron's "afternoon" who was likely to be the individual to carry her off. But, in spite of this soothing reflection, he braced himself to a stern resolution: determined_ that, as already in his life he had triumphed over other things, so he would triumph now. Triumph over this swift-flowering and still growing love; conquer it by absence from the object which inspired it; trample it down till there was nothing left of life in it.

"I have no money to keep a wife," he thought, as he walked up from Charing-cross Station to his hotel; "certainly no money to keep such a wife as she would be. And, even if I had, it is not likely that she would marry me, a common mate,' as I have heard ourselves called. Portsmouth shall end it," he concluded. "I'll have one good week there, and then to sea again on a long cruise. That ought to lo it! I'll go down to the docks to-marrow and see what's open. Wherefore, full of this determinate resolution to drive from out of him the frenzy which had taken possession of his heart and mind, he went to the hotel and read in his bedroom for an hour or so, during all of which time Bella Waldron's face was looking out at him from the pages of the Quarterly Review, and also until he went forth to try still another foreign restaurant. Yet she was there too, and her pure, innocent eyes were gazing at him across the imitation flowers and the red candle- shades in the middle of the table; and so she also was in the stalls of the Empire, _until he fell asleep in his seat. No was she absent from his mind during the long hours of the night.

CHAPTER IV. PORTENIOUTII EN FETE.

The lunch at, Whale Island was over, and there was a slight breathing space ere the garden-party, which followed it, began. Meanwhile, from South- sea pier, from down by the pontoon at the foot of the old Hard, and over from Gosport, picket-boats, steam pinnaces and launches—all belonging to her Majesty's ships lying out at Spithead—were coming fast, as well is shore boats and numerous other craft that blackened the waters. And they bore in .them a gaily-dressed crowd of men and women, the ladies being adorned in all those beauteous garments which they know so well how to assume on stich an occasion; while, among the gentlemen, frock-coats, tall hats and white waiStcoats, as well as full dress or "No. 1." uniform, were the .:order of the day. For all these ship's-boats, after putting off from the batile:thips and cruisers to which they belonged, had, by order of the Vice-Admiral com- manding the Channel Squadron, called at the above- named places to fetch off the visitors to the Whale Is] and festivities. Stephen Charke, in the uniform of the came in the picket-boat of the Bacchus, wherein he had been lunching with the ward-room .officers, and, as she went alongside of Southsea pier and afterwards at the Old Town pier, he had eagerly scannned the ladies who were waiting to be taken off. He was not, however, particularly disappointed or cast down at not seeing the one girl he was looking out for at either of them, since, in the continual departure of similar boats, and the running backwards and forwards of these craft between Whale Island and the landing-stages, it was of course hardly to be supposed that she would happen upon the particular boat in which he was. He saw her, however, directly he, with his companions, .had made their way to the lawn on which the wife of the Port Admiral was receiving her guests, and—in so .seeing 'her—he recognised instantly that he was not going to enjoy his afternoon as much as he had hoped to do. "Who's that ? " he asked of the Staff Commander of the Bacchns, with whom he happened to he walking at the moment. "I mean that Flag- Lieutenant talking to the young lady in the white dress? "

"That ? " replied his companion, regarding the young officer indicated. "Oh! that's Gilbert Bampfyld, flag-lieutenant to the Rear-Admiral. He's a ,*ood chap; I'll introduce you later. A lucky fellow, too. He's heir to his uncle, Lord :D'Aberr..on. He's all right," he concluded, in- consequently. "I- know the young lady," Stephen said. been at sea with her uncle "

"I've

"Good-looking," said the Staff-Commander, who was a single man. "Fine girl, too. I hope she's coming to the ball."

"Slit) is," Charke replied,- and then stood observing her companion from the little group of which they ncw formed part. Certainly the younc, officer was "all right," if good looks and a manly figure can entitle anyone to that qualification. He was undoubtedly hand- some, with the handsomeness . which women are stated (by authorities on such matters) to admire: his bright eyes and good complexion, as well as his dear-cut, regular features, leaving little else to desire. Also he was fairly tall, while, if anything were required to set off his appearance, it was fur- nished by his full-dress and his flag-lieutenant's aiguillettes. He was talking now in a:a animated way, as Charke" could see easily enough from where he stood by the refreshment tent; and it was not posslble for him to doubt that he was making him- self very interesting to Bella. For a moment Stephen stood hesitating as to whether he •should go up and present himself to the girl who had never been out of his thoughts since he said "good-bye" to her in West Kensing- ton ; then, while he still debated the matter in his mind, she saw him and smiled and nodded pleasantly, while she looked—as he thought—as though she expected he should come up to her. Which, of course, decided him. There was no affectation in the manner wherewith Bella greeted him; in truth, she was glad to see him and, honestly, as she did everything else, she said so.

"I have been lookiag for you for the last hull- hour," she remarked as be reached her side, "and wondering if you were coming or not " ; after which she introduced Stephen Charke and Gilbert Bampfyld to each other. Then, some other officers coining up at this moment, more introductions took place, while Bampfyld said that he must move off. "I have escaped from my Admiral for a few moments," he said, while he added with a laugh: "I am not quite sure, however, that he is not con- gratulating himself on having escaped from -me. I hope, Miss Waldron," he added, "that you have an invitation for the ball ? "

"Yes," Bella said; and fshl. smiled at Lien- tenant Bampfyld's request that he might not be forgotten on that occasion, though she did not say positively whether that calamity would occur or not. , Then, when he had moved on to join the distin- guished officer to whom it was his duty to be attached almost as tightly as a limpet to a rock, she said to Charke : "Come, now, and see mamma. , She is in the shade behind the tent, and she has found tin old friend of papa's." • - But it .was so evident that Mrs. Waldron was I thoroughly enjoying herself with that old friend,

who was-a •retirea post-captain (Stle was at tne moment of their arrival cngaged in reminiscences of the North American and West Indian stations), that soon they strolled away together, and, finding soon another shady seat, sat crown and passed an agreeable hour or so. Wherefore, as you may thus see, Stephen Charke did spend a happy afternoon, notwithstanding that first apparition of .the flag - lieutenant in converse with the girl who was now never out of his thoughts. Indeed, it would have been to him a perfect afternoon, had he not more than once seen Bampfyld (who again appeared to have escaped from his Admiral!). roaming about the place with a somewhat disconsolate, as well as penetrating, look upon his face, which look Charke construed into signifying that the other was seeking for the girl of whom he himself had now obtained temporary possession. However, evert so, he did not 'think it necessary to call Bella'e attention to the fact. But we must not tarry over these soft summer beguilements to which the old naval capital and all in her had given themselves up. There lie other matters before us—matters which, when they afterwards occurred, caused three people now partaking of these enjoyments to, perhaps, cast back their memories, and those memories that were not untinged by regret. Suffice it, therefore, that we hurry on and, o'erleaping another garden-party which took . place at the military commandant's, and an "at home" giver' on b-oard the foreign visitors' flagship, as-well as entertainments at which only the male sex were present, we come to the naval ball at the Town Hall. -

That was a great night, a night on which, if one may judge by subsequent events, many loving hearts were made happy.; on which, too, some saw the dawn of the first promise of future happiness—and one man, at least, was made unnappy. It was a great night! A night no more forgotten by three people in the days that followed it than was the garden-party which pre- ceded it by a day or so. • The First Lord of the Admiralty led off the quadrille with the wife of the Commander-in-Chief; the Prince who was in command of the foreign fleet dancing with the First Lord's wife; in that set round which the other guests formed a vast circle, there being the most prominent individuals then present in Portsmouth. And Bella, standing close by with her hand upon the arm of Stephen Charke while they waited for the first dance in which all the guests could Participate, felt that, at'last, -she knew what a ball was.

"It isn't quite like a State Ball," whispered Lieutenant Bampfyld to them as he passed by with his Admiral, he, being qualified to give such information in consequence of his duties as flag- lieutenant having often given him the opportunity of attending those great functions, "but it is much prettier." Then be disappeared for n time. "It could scarcely be prettier than it is," Bells said to Charke. "How has the room been made-so beautiful? " "The men of the Vernon have done-it all," Ver companion answered; "they are good at that sort of thing." As, indeed, they seemed to be, judging by the effect they had produced. Trophiek of arms, flags, devices, lifebuoys white as snow, with the names of vessels belonging both to the visitmfa and our- selves painted in gold upon them, decorated the- vast room; while from the dockyard had been, unearthed old armour and weapons, such as, in these present days, are now forgotten. 'Also the colour lent by various uniforms, naval, military, and marne, as well as by flowers and the bouquets carried by ladies, added to the brilliant scene-- while the sombre black of civilians helped to give a contrast to the bright hues. For civilians were not forgotten; Admiralty officials, private resi- dents, special correspondents—with a wary eye ott their watches, so that they might be able to rush over to the Post Office with their last messages for the great London and provincial papers—were all there. ••

"Come," said Stephen Charke, as the band of the Royal Marines struck up the first waltz, "come, Miss Waldron; it is our turn now." And for ten minutes he realised what happiness meant.

That he would have to resign her for the greater part of the evening he knew very well—her pro- gramme was already full I—his name appearing three times on it, and Lieutenant Bampfyld's also three times—yet he did so none the less willingly later for that knowledge. How could he? loved the girl with his whole heart and soul-- madly! "I shall love her always, until I die," he muttered to himself as he stood by, seeking ne other partner and watching her dancing now with the flag-lieutenant. Also he saw her dancing with the flag-lieutenant of the other Admiral—though that did not seem to him to be so disturbing s matter. "Till I die!" he repeated again ;then once more called himself a fool. His second dance with her arrived, and once more he was in his seventh heaven; for the moment he was again supremely happy. "I hope I may have the pleasure of taking you in to supper," he ahnost whispered in her ear as they paused for a moment for breath, and it seemed as if the light of his enjoyment—for that evening, at least—had been suddenly extinguished when she, raising those sweet, clear eyes to his, exclaimed: "Oh! I am so sorry. But I have promised Lieutenant Bampfyld that he do so., " . _ . -

For the remainder of the ball Charke did not let n' single dance pass by without taking part in it, 'he allowing his friends to introduce him right and left to any lady who happened to require a partner, though reserving, of course, the one for which he was engaged to Bella at what would be almost the end of the evening. In fact, as his friend the Staff Commander said, "he let himself go pretty considerably," and he so far exemplified that gentle- man's remark that he took in to supper one of the plainest of those middle-and ladies who happened to be gracing the ball with their presence. Yet this lady found nothing whatever to com- plain of to herself (to her friends she would have uttered no complaint of her cavalier, even though he had been as stupid as an owl and as dumb as a stone, she being a wary old campaigner), but, instead, thought him a charming companion. Perhaps, too, she had good reason to do so, since, from the moment he conducted her across the tero- porarily constructed bridge which led from the Town Hall proper to the supper tent erected in a vacant plot of ground, his conversation was full of smart sayings and pleasant, though occasionally sub-acid, remarks on things in general. Yet, naturally, it was impossible that she should knot', that the undoubtedly bright and piquant converse" tion with which he entertained her was partly pro• duced by his bitterness at seeing Gilbert Bampfyla and Bella enjoying themselves thoroughly at a table a deux close by where he and his partner were seated, and partly by his stoical determination to, "let things go." Also, too, by another deterrnina. tion at which he had arrived—namely, to go to ses' again at the very first moment he could find a ship.

(To be continued.)

!' • ' • '''*'‘‘. - '

Regulates the V 1-11

4s,olieves and Removes the Inflammation

from the II) rtk E by expelling the poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACID.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Reputation.

BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. D:SE2IZIE DOES NOT STAND STILL.

For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. CLARICE'S B 41 PILL 4 are warranted to cure. in e.;the ;.- sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from 'Do Urinary Orgals, Gravel and pains in the back. Free 114),A Mercury. Estattlohed upwar.is of 33 years. In boxes 43.7 i each, ot Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th op,e bat the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Corupinv, Ilince Advt

IME•smounr.......

r am 61,

- ; •••

, ,

r, cap .-+ Eit .. :.'t'l• 4...jx: -.' ste4 C -„,!.-,;,_,1i.

-

pi p 7

BR

Fror tl:

Oh truth 15 veiled Whilst go And throt The bet ReligkOr life's c n ! ming the Too early With fr3s hoi When nip In lain w lieaver I.lovf help Life, love Vet ever Por other 2helife i What lies lint trust And lead

Warrin

And I s And

"a 8 adi :11,fierin s.,tendi the anii :teYed t 11 P „Ti,t.enadtie

IF:11 , En CH En En En En En En 11 Ell

===== 0002601_18990421_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The MI Thor

Ac co 1-] 12s: No

===== 0002601_18990421_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD AND EVIL.

Oh truth immortal • thy fair placid brow veiled is error's baneful shadows now, whilst good and evil oft united go And through our chequered lives for ev?r flow. The beet is ne'er from taint of evil free, Vet, seeming evil, good, unsien may be, bgitn! Science! cannot all reveal, Or life's deep solemn mystery concal. If arm sunny hours e'er winters cold Is o'er. ring tbe sweet flowers and Dula that spring no more , Teo early bore, alas! they soon decay. IVitla frosty winds their beauties pass away. idan's hopes are as the early flowers we view Tibest nipped and withered in the frcvn dew, •rtl. lain We seek an object to possess. •tt neaVen ordain not the desire to bless. pv, helpless are man's days of infancy: love and care have here no certainty, ;let ever on each other we depend. or other's faults we suffer to the end. thelife is changeful and we cannot see !Vast lies beyond in vast eternity, 13Ut trust that justice, truth, and love will bless, And lead the soul to peace and happiness. Warringcon, April, 1899

S. KENYON.

THE OLD CANAL BRIDGE.

110 centenary fete Did celebrate thy greit nativity, lio joy-hells rang the date. To hail thy thrice. recurring Jubilee ! The ,waters neath thine arch, Murmur'd their Jubilate on their march. There was a time, long gone. When fleetest steedslrush'd forth with chariots,gay Over Thy well-knit stone. Wit h Royal mails and passengers away, Away in merry mood; O'er dusty road, past meadow and greenwood ! I stood upon the Bridge And heard the gay lark carol in the air ; • I sat upon its ridge, And saw the summer sunbeams wanton there ; From out the merry trees The gay birds sang their chorus to the breeze. And here, I met my friend, And held sweet converse but alas !--he's gone; Thus bosom friendshins end. For he is taken, I am lef:, alone; Alone to meditate What next ? of dark inexorable fate ! And now my ancient pile. Thy tribute shAll m realy luse engage ; • And she shall gently s;nile While paying honour to thine honoued age! Looking as firm and gay, As thou did'st dazzie on thy opening day.: Stockton Heath.

J. M.

KICKED BY A HORSE. wßenry Baldwin (22), I,Glrner's-yard, Warrington all admitted to the Infirmary on Monday evening„ erin. g from a broken jaw. It seems the. he was Kincling to his pony in a Ftable at Et. elens when ,trtt'a animal kickea him in the face. lle was con- 4teYed to Warrington, end his injury having been ihtended to at the Infirmary he was detained as an

POR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN V.ll im an's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's „ Sprains, Gealses, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, Elliman's „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's „ Cold at the Chest, Elliman's ~ Neuralgia from Cold, Enirnan's „ Chliblains before Broken, Elliman's ~ Corns when Painful, „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs after Cycling, Football, Rowing, &c. Bottles 81d, rs. id. 2s. 9d.. 45•

I-Torsos% Dogs', Bird's, Cattle. Accidents and Ailments. 170 Pages. ELLIMAN Fligt.ST • AID BOOK.' °P37 61. post free, or the Labe. of o 25.. 6d, or 35. 6d. Bottle, r.nr.:i,7 he sent at' FLL!LAAN'S ROYAL EIitiEROCATSO',‘Z. i.--Lorses k-pt—Ask for Dogs—:l-45 p„ Section. This Free. •by Fir:man, Sons ez. England.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

THE NEW VICAR OF ST. PAUL'S, WARRINGTON The Rev. E. R. Tarbuck, the recently appointed vicar of St. Paul's, prsached his first sermon in the church on Sunday evening to a large congregation. At the conclu- sion he said he wished to he personal for a moment or , two. That was the first time he had spoken to them as I their vicar. The kind of Struggle in which they were engaged was of all strugeles the most noble, because as they struggled they raised those around them, they raised 'he sum ef the greatness of character, and the sum of the world's happiness. He was firmly determined that he would be loyal ta them in thought, word, and deed ; and he ivleed them to be loyal to him. He was a Lancashire man ; they were Lancashire people. They. could not, if they tried, refuse to give him a fair chance.. Thev,could'not refuse that favour. It was not a favour; it was jse tic'. They had done more than tb; t already and he had had signs that hia work amongst them would be highly appreciated, and that they would sanction anything they thought good that be started or continued in the parish. He wished to be made acquainted with all cases of sickness in the pariah. He was anxious to visit the sick •, to do so was the first call upon a clergy- man's time. The healthy could for a time get on well ; the sick neoded a clergyman, but he would remind them that it was no good going to a sick man who was non compos mentis. Let him know of sick cases at Once. The importance of attendance at communion was also impressed upon the conereeation, and allasion was made to the forthcoming confirmation by the bishop. He explained that he had arranged to hold classes for those who wished to be confirmed. He hoped the congrega- tion would pray for their new Vicar; they might be cer- tain no day would pass without the whole of the clergy praying for them—The rev. gentleman was on Tuee'lay instituted to the incumbency of St.Paul's,Warrington;et the Diocesan Office by the Lord Bishop. The ceremony of industion wit, probably t- ke place on Thurslay week, April 27th, at St. Peril's Church, at 7-30 p-m, THE REV. JORN YONGE AND SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS. At Wycliffe Congregational Church On Sunday morn- ing, the Rev. J. Ynnee (pastor) baSed his disceurse on the text "1 gave them My Sabbath te be a sign between Me and them, that they' mieht know that I am the Lord that senet'firs them." Ezekiel xx. 12 v. In the course of his remarks he said that jest in proportion as reli- gious people secularisrd Sunday,they were unspiritualis- ing themselves. He confessed this seemed to him to be one of the greatest perils of their day. Some were Ray- ing that the present greatest peril of Eegland was that its Protestanism should be overcome by a re-crudescence of S;creelotalism and Popery. Without minimisirg the reality of that danger, thee might wetl ask whether the secularising of the Lord's Day was not even a greater national peril still ? To him, the saddest feature of this seculariestion of Sunday was that ,religious people se largely shared In it. It con'd not leS Matter of surpr'se that reilErfOUS people &amid make sectiler use of Sunday. They ceiold not wonder that they filled their roods with waggonettes and brakes and bicycles; that they crowded the railways or steamboats in the summer ; that they wanted the Sunday newspaper and clam- oured for the museums and picture , grilleoies. , and would like even the theatre also. But thapity was that ameng these irreligious misusers of Suneay were to be found such a growing number of religious misusers. Be it remembered it was the religious absentees that thinned their churches. He euggssted that thesdiwere matters that called for very serious thought in religious people. Many of their minds, no doubt, would recall an event that happened in ~London the previons Sunday that served to bring to the front the question of Sebhath observance. 'He referred to the issue, for the first time in the history of the leading London newsPaytrr, of a Sunday edition of the "Daily Telegraph" and the" Daily Mail." It was said that 700,000 of the one and 500,000 of the other were printed and se'd. If this venture on the part of these two papers was a atiecess, other dailies would follow suit, and then both in London and in the provinces, the newspaper would become as prominent on the Sunday as on the week day. He wanted to point out that this was a very, serious new departure, and one which, so far as .they could, Chrkian people should combine to defeat. It was an unblushing attempt to turn Sunday into a day of trade and commerce; to secularise the day which Enelish history and habit had hitherto supremely regarded RS having a sacred character and purpose. It was an attempt to make many work woven days instead of six. in order that a few might get the profits. It would compel mane a man to work on Sunday, who new cared for his day of reet,and even used it as a day of worship. A newsagent had pointed out that in London for every one engaged in producing newspapers fifty were engaged in their distribution. To the bulk of rewaaments their trade meant incessant toil, early and late, day by day. ,ind now the sixth day was to he followed by a seventh., This was a position of cemmercial tvrannr,, and should' be risented and resisted. Dr. John Clifford, of London, said to his congregation, and he (Mr. Yonge) echoed hie. words : " Boycott qlese ranere, wed ey'rythino that , comes frem their houses. ' Let the lony6ott he universal The ' Daily Mail 'publishes the 'Sur day Companion.' Don't have it in your hemp." This was an extreme measure, but it wes a right one.. The panel. ell'e,l " Answers" was published by the " Doily Mail" urn- prietors So were :nany other periodicals Let Christian people discontinue to suporrt a firm that thus sought to senulatiza al. Sabb,th and slimeera blow at the religions welfaro of the 'nation. He ventured to say.that this invasion of the Lord's Day should rece've their most' earneet attention, and the sheuld do all they could to. defeat it. , It might, however, serve a useful purnose if it led Christian peenle to re-cersider the true purpose and use of the Sabbath Day. This attempt could hardly have been possible, if religious people had :tern f, ithful to their Sabbaths. Let them call to mind the truth ore- rented by the text. And let them beware how they neglected and misnsei the Divine gift. Le them strive that neither they, nor their nation, sloould diahnnour the day, for in so deina they would dishnnnor the Lord. ELLESMERE-STREET Vi'ESLEYAN CHAPEL. , The chapel anniversary services were held on Sunday, the afternoon service being in the Bold-street School. Mr J B Isaac pre-sided over a large congregation. Two sacred solos were rendered by Mr Levi Richardson whose rice and pure tenor vo'no is ever welcome, and certainly a treat to listen te. Eseenial mention may be made ef the first song" Adonis " whieh 'rem a mnsical standpeint was perfect The Rey H G. Roberts, M A., gave a bright and ,hnery address on " O'edieneo." En prefaced hievremorks by paying a high compliment to the excelleet solos rendered by their friend Mr. Riehard- eon, end wished they could have more of that quality of music in their churehesr. The reverend eentleman then nreed noon all his hearers the great necessity of toeing ohedient to duty. Fuld of making Renee sacrifice for the welfare of their less favoured brsthern. Mice Morrell gave an excellent rec.tation, and Mr. Ernel %Mem; Reed as accompanist. The evenine service which was in Vesmere- treet Chaos), %MR conducted by Mr Rsbert Hensball. On Monday evening a sorvice of song motif. led " Eva," was rendered by the choir and friends. Mr. W. Silcook giving the cenneetive readirgq Mr. Josiah Monks presided, and Mr. Ciller conducted the singing. The collections &c o amounted to about £7 which were for the chapel funds. F ULF fIi.LED PROPHECY. Mr. C. o.edee, Warring`on, loctured in 'ha Onriatadei- ohimeßnem. Bold-greet, on Sunday, his setsject heine " Bible prophecy preyed true, by its invariable fides. ment in the Past." Tte's lectnrer stated that whether- the inthority of Christ was recognised or not, one thing was ce:ta,in ; the pic'ure that he rave of the last days of the Gentiles was recoenized on all hands. He said there, shrmle be g , Upon "earth, eliStrese of rations with per- plexity, the sea and the wavea roaring, men's beer's fitiline them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming moon the earth." Though thorn had been dietrese of nat3one before, there had never been anything nPOreaching the universal distress that now prevailed. Upon all hands it was perceived that the present dread- ful evils, due mostly to the ever increasine strain of military preparation could emly end in such ruin and chaos as made the most humane of mankind shudder to contemplate. Was there any hope in the position ? There who forgot God, and turrel their hacks upon the Word may, nav most answer in the negative, tont those who know Him; and the revelation of His mind in the Holy Scriptnre, could, and did, positively answer that there was, i e., "The Lieht of Prophecy." which gave them, at once, the reason Of the evil which preveiled„ta ' duratien,and-the well assured hone of eternal calm beyond the ridesfsterm, that was making the stoutest heerte qnail. -Alter exeminine in detail a number- of fulfilled I I prophecies the lecturer in conclusion said they ha,i only to studs? Bible prophecy to find it ite own witness to its truthfulness.Thev had seen the 430 years from Abraham to the' ' Exodus full of the guiding rrevidenee ef God. They had glanced at the memorial eeng that Moses wall commanded to write, and that God said lewd should never forget, and which Benet* linely they found in their lien& this day and themselves in t'sc condition foretold. thor, bad remembered the vanished glory of Babylon nnd had Ineked at the birth, work, aufferine, death and resserree!ien of Christ fattilling the predictions of many , centuries. They had listoned to Chris's prophecies ebecernine the destrnetien ef Jerusalem, tho eeatterine of the .T-,Vs and tte end of Gnntile! times and Perceive I the evidence o'' their tretloThere was bet one comment the:ewes; ttine and adequete. It wee that of God himself by Isaiah "• Behold the former things have come to pass." They woelel see it was so ; and thserefsre, Bible prontery fully justified th2n3 in planinff unreserved - and abq, lute condenee in the fulfil:tient of all that Gel had soohen. 1 This wss Chriet'.n own ett,i'll le ? .. It ;s evees fee- he,eee and earth ti poi, than one tittle of the law t ) -f ail." ,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SPIRITUALIST HALL

On Sunday in the gpiritualist Miss Ribohester, of Preston, was the sp.nker, and . delivered addrosses bearina upm the philosophy of Spiritualism, in the eveninq hnF•ing her remarks on " Whither are • Ire hound r There were good con- gregations, On Monday evening the sarrusrPaker answered the question "-What is Spiritualf,to, ?" At each meeting she gave a number oF elairvoynnt delineations, several of . which were fully recog- nised..

CONSUMPTION.

GIVEN UP BY TEIIRTEEN DOCTORS.

CURED BY DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS.

A REPRESENTATIVE of the "Tunbridge Wells Adver- tiser" .interviEwed a lady at Buckhurst Park, Withy- ham, Tunbridge Wells; who with much willingness volunteered the following infrrmation. "My name." she said," is Leah Stevens,and I have lived in this Park nearly the whole of my lite; My fatter died of Con

Photograph of Miss Stevens when consumptive. sumption before I was a year old, and as I grew up such a puny child my friends thought that I also would die of the same disease. Before I was twelve yoars' old I was' under the doctor's hands, and you may not think it true, but since that ti treated by no less

_Photograph of Miss Stevens after her cure by 'Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

than thirteen doctors. When I was twelve years old I began to look very pale; I was told that I was consump- tive, and as the treatment which I received appeared to do me no good, I got qu te down-hearted, and fully ex- pected that I should follow my father before long. For two years I had to b- olrried up and down stairs. Symptoms of When I was 19—after seven 3 ears' illness —we saw an Consumption. account of a similar case Wasting: patient 'o mine having been cured by Dr. Williams' Pills and mrther Is thin, or losing t.t.tinine some for me. 1 weight; spitso,, blood; - is w gan tAing them, and on the weak, iiird day I felt so much better languid and pale ; :hat I could enjoy my meals. At has slight Fever- the end of a fortnight they told ishness, Shortness ine tt:ey could see the pink corn- of Breath, pain ining into my face. At the end of theohost, and pro-the month I walked four miles fuse Perspiration, to chapel and home, unassisted especiallyat night. for the first time in five years. This disease, in- Altogether I took seven boxes of curable by ordi- the pills, and from the time I nary medicine,has ceased to take them, about been frequently eight months ago, until now CURED By have not had an hour's illness. Dr.Williams' Pink Asked whet . her shn ever tel Pills, when taken any of the symptoms of her former illness, Miss Stevens in time. Consump- tion, neglected -or vivaciously replied : "No, not a bit, and shouldn't like to now. treated by ordi- lam sure the pills have cured nary medicine, me, for I was never so well in invariably causes my life as I am now." DEATH.

, ' • ,7.7:.' --:-'ll, ' -g, A----,•:, \ -- 4. 16 e • • ..:::- •-•:,. , : . , IL i 1 I, I. / , ~. ,„7--• Aqibi‘, , , ?,,,,- k • ~•

in I have been "-.--- • ~'•,, - '..., „....- 't.c4 , „-Ik, . , .• :' -• '''.; ez,s,, --i.: - ~:ii;iii,-:•,) :-.•-.!.• i( - ~ „.:, y,,,,,,,1,,,,,p,:. t., • , ! '2. ~•• • ,' . i;{ c( , i /•,' .... cy -,ki „ „ 4-1 " a' ,-.i 4, ..., • fr; 4 C• • .. f, ‘,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT INFLUENZA. LE.A.DS TO,

Ma. ("Hamm TAYLOR, at Brockridge Hill, said, "I have had A long and painful illness, from which I began to fear I should never recover. It bean with an attack of influenza, six or seven years ago. I had severe in- ternal pains, ached from bead to foot, and became very weak, low and depreised. I 1-st my appetite, was sub- ject to vomiting, and my face became deathly white. I had to give up my work. I consult-d several doctors, but the medicine they gave me afford .d only a temporary reliet , and then

DEFRIUDENG A_\v±kmuNGTON SICK

CLUB.

At the Liverpool Quarter Soisions, on Tuesday, Sir W. B. Forwood proidir,g, William Gorst, labourer, 6, Challinor-street, Warrington, was indicte 1 for having at Warrinzton on the 3rd March, 1899, unlawfully and knowingly, by certain false pretences, obtained from Thomas Gleave, certain muLty t) wit the sum 94 8 I, the moneys of the membars of the Sink Qity Works Sick Cluu, with intent thereby t ) cheat aud defraud such club of the same.

Mr. Rigby Swift (instruANl by 'Mr. Arthur Brawne) was *for the prosecution. . The prisoner pleaded guit;y. Mr.Rigby Swift said it appearad that the pri3oaor was a member of the BankQuav Works Sick Cliab,and that he • went off work about the 20.1 h February with an abscess in his breast. He war away from -work for some little time, and on the let March the Treasurer dr Liao S.,cre- tary of the club went to ace trim and rokoGi.him how he was gr,otting on. He said he was not fit for work, and he was paid 9s 81. Again on the 10:11 March he was 'seen, and he said that be was still unfit for work, but by that time it had been discavered that ho was Work- ing in another nlace and that he had, in fact been work- ing since the 27ch February, at the new Asylum at Win- wick. He had actually ceased to be entitle 'l to any , benefit from,the funds at all hez7a,as,. on ) of the rules was that on leaving Messre. employrnant he should cease to take any benefit out .of the' club. He was not entitledto anythiag,- and ye 7 he had been pre- tending that he was not fit to av,):k, and was getting 8d out of the sick funds. Tire Chjrinan (to the prison:r) : Yea have plAado I guilty to the vary mina offenc;• of unlawfully obtaining money from your fellow-workmen, for that is what it means, and you have obtained tail rnoaey when you ought not to have done so. , You were a member of the club, and you . had only a right to be paid during the time you were laid up by sickoeEs, and yet von deliber ately go and defraui your fello w- workmen by obtainiag money when you were well and actitali7 at•-vaork. We had serious doubts whether we ;should not sead yin to gaol for two or three Li:torahs, with hard lal,our. ,We fool you richly deserve it, but we have • been aAaated by feel!aas of tner,y, as von have not been tiere- before for any offence. ,Up to this time a yoli,iva been a roepea,!- - able. rnan, and we hope this 'will be a warn n; to you. Under the First ()Tattlers Act See have po ver to diia. char.ge the prisoner. You are diAollarroii en your own recogniztac-s, but you aid hve to c '!file pp for judx- niont when ynu are called up7m. Th wiL have their eyes open, and, if you doait ycuasetf will have a vrious sPritence. I hope vou will take ,bs x waraimz, arid try t) treat ymr fall) e Wlrktile a iii in hoaest and unriTht mannor in fu'iim.

arvio Mark or t.:0,141s and Colds. of proven effl2a. 131. Sold ltv Chemists —Adwt COPIGULINE.—TRA.NSPAREINT;OE TENT for brol3n

===== 0002601_18990421_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TaE EXAMINT,R, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
I fell back as bad as ever. I couldn't walk a hundred yards without suffering great pain and distress. The After-effects of least effort brought on palpita- tion, and I began to lose my Influenza. nerve. I also suffered from A cough; Mus- sleeplessness. At last I got so bad that I went to the doctor, oular Weakness; and asked him t) tell me the inability to get -- worst. He thoroughly sounded Strong; Food does me, and said he was afraid of not nourish; Yel- heart disease." low Skin; great " Well, what happened sensitiveness to tilt!' ?" CoI d • Nervous- "About that time I was new; Headache. strongly advised to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. And after taking two boxes of the Pills I began to feel the benefit. The pain in my stomach got easier, my appetite returned, I regained my strength and spirits, and was soon able to go back to work. I went on taking the Pills for some time, and to them I entirely attribute my cure. The neighbours could hardly believe their own eyes when they saw me going to work again."

===== 0002601_18990421_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION. PALPITATIONS.

Mr. EDIMID MINOR, Of Fir Vale, York;hire,was inter- viewed by the " Snefiiel,i and Rotherhatn Independent." He is fifty-seven years of age. Symptoms of • Last year," he said,. "I used to have spells of indiges- Indigestion (or tlO which rendered me almost Dyspepsia). useless. I felt so laggard 'and heavy that I was ready to drop. Pain in the !Ito- I could hardly get one leg before mach, fulness or the other. I was so weak that distention after I could hardly walk, thoroughly meals,Wind on the miserable, and out of temper stomach,Hiccough with everything. My daughter and eructation, was also ill with indigestion and sickness, Bile, dig-palpitation of the heart, and I taste for food, aboth of us sat about the house Yellow Tongue unable to do anything. Wel , had tried medicine and pills of bad complexion, many kinds,but nothing seemed bad taste in the, do us much good. My mouth. daughter saw an account ot a cure by Dr. Williams' Pink Pflls, and said Father, if you will join with me, we'll have a box.' The effect was wonderful. We both derived such benefit that we had another box of the pills, and were soon quite well. I never worked better than to-day. I feel as strong again as I did before I was ill. If ever the attacks come on now, a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills brings instant relief."

===== 0002601_18990421_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM.

Symptoms at THE "South Wales Argus " Rheumatism Mr. j,,e was told remarkable story by wP Weaver, 12, Ponds and Sciatica. Row. Cmcarn Wales.

...evere pain inber,,. c "Four years ago this Octe- the Joints or taken Mr. Weaver, "I was the Iluscles taken ill with pains in the back, —Painand suffered terribly. I con- ag grav at e d bYsulttd a doctor, and he said I Cold.; often ariseswas suffering from rheumatism from exposure U....and lumbago, but be did not Cold or Damp,cute me." from a wetting. "Well, what did you do ?" Rheumatism may "I went to another (lector," d but his medicine did not move e v e 1 o Rheumaticp Fier n v o the pains in my back in the 0t and if not checked.9lightest• I then tried a third - doctor. I spent pounds in or- will occur ad —aindMary medicine, but no:hing and again every seemed to do me any good. I w. a pain like better, inter. Sciatica was getting worse instead of 1 when I thought I would 40 Eheumatism, but try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. is confined to the "When! had used two boxes, Hip and back of the pains almost left me. But Thigh, though it I was not quite cured, for some may extend below months after I again had a the knee. '. I thee sent for

4.1?

_ .14 7?, , • - . •7":1;1 . 41, •k,‘,l I •

MR JOSEPR WEAVER. (From a Photograph) n more of Dr. WilliAins' Pink Pills, and continued to ake them until I had used several boxed. lam glad to

nasty attack

• z

' .\

===== 0002601_18990421_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SNCRILF.GE AT A AVA.itRINGT)N CHURCH.

A PRISONER'S LIFE OF CRIME.

Daniel Davies,•(s2), descri had as a lanourer, of imp sr- rect- education was indlet,d at tee Liverpool Qu.rter. Sessions on Tuesday, for. h atria; at WarTiri4toe, on the 23rd of February, feloniously stolen from a cnarit.ablo . contribution box in Mary's itotna.n Catholic Church' Warrington, the sdm of 4d. in money, the Moneys of the Rev. Neville Wile.Oe. Toe pris3aer ple4ded guilty. He. was further indicted for having been b3foro -convict() i of Noev at the ASitZ'S at Shrewsbury, oo the sth Feb ruarv.,lB37. To this ho also plead-d guilty. 4r. S3gar (instructed .by tiv Tcwn Clerk of Warrington) was for the prosecution. He sal the ptiioner 111.1 pleaded He had a number of aliase3—DtnN D Walter France, p David, and William ill—and he had been a great number of ti 1153 previously convicted. Mr. Eckerstey, the organist, vraa in the organ lot of the church in quos!ion at three o'clok no Ole afternoon when he saw the prisoner walk up th) aisle and back and disappear wader the gallery ia which the organ Vras situated. He heard a soned like the breaking of abax • and tee jingling of money. . He isamedi at dy went I do westairs and saw h priamer near the box,which was broken. He followed him out of the church makbrOught him back ml cearged him with having tatnnered with the box. Prisoner deniel the offence,b at Mr. Ecker4ey took him to the P)IICI Station, where he again deaied the offence, adding that toe money was his owa. Ell was asked his name, bet he rettaied o give it renarking that his friends were vcr reanert able, and thy, he di 1 not wish them to know weer° he was: Subienuently he said that he knew nothing at all abo u the box bet in his possessi3ll was forted a scr ‘w-.lriver w licefited into the marks which were found on the brokee box and ds) upon another boic. which had bn tamp-r,l with. Prisoner, however, subs7quettly adaottl thtt he was guilty. It appearnd that he had been ie pena servitude on three occasions once for seven years, once' for teri. years, and once' for fifteen years ; the last sentence of 'penal servitude . being In 1887, and the term wou'd. 'scarcely have elapsed. Toe prisoner began his career, according to the hat he had before him, before 1870,arr4 there were two or three police officers Present who wer to give avideace agaiast him Iron Shrewsbury awl from Ashtoo-tander-Lyne. • Oen of the .oFlic re had' a number o,`..warralt3 in his pocket against the priioner. - sum of ahoot .£3 was foond in of his rockets, and • Ihe said he had only stolen 41 from the box. Probably that was tnie, and if so he was sufficiently well off to , lafford not ta steal. The list of codvictiona against the prisoner was handed to the Bench. . Sopaiintenclent L9Wil, of the ghr4p3hira police said he held three warrants a..tainst the prisoner for sacrilege. The Chairman : ties he been in your neighbourhood ? Witness : I dqra'.: know moth of him, excvt that he

!las ben in Orison mait of his life. GO ctio nzainst that oC borgla:v. fl.• hag blen sus;.-"eltf,d of oth ,agos of qacrilPge. I have had a great dell of troubl,„ ia tracing the man.

tell you that they completely and permanently cured me.'

===== 0002601_18990421_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ANIEILIC LADY CURER.

An " Aston Times " reporter states : " I found Mrs. H. A. Parker, 154, High-street, Aston in excellent health. She said "Over 12 Symptoms of months ago I became gradually Anaemia. weak and bloodless, notwith- ...

standing the constant attention Poorness of blood. of medical men. Thinking the Pull down the eye- surroundings responsible we lid: if pale and came to live in Atton, but with- bloodshot, it is aout result."

sign of anmrnia. " But you are well now." Lack of colour in" how do you account for it ?" the lids and gums "It came about in this way. is another sign ;Scinp months ago a chemist minended me to try Dr. also pallor of the rec` face, Indigestion Will ams' Pink Pus. I did so, Feeble Appetite' though I hardly edxpeßcet;odrthtem toe Palpitation and box was m anywase reod however, h erl I r Shortness of )(gm to feel a remaraaule Breath after slight eh•aige come over me, and my exertion, languor, .pitits revived wonderfully, I . "laziness," low got another b3x, when I began spirits. Ancemia, f o experience a new life. Pre- if not checked, may riously, I was ashamed to go become consump- al:nut, or for anyone to see tion.. me."

"low long did you persevere P" " Oh. when I got so well after the second box, I left them off for a couple of months, and began to go back, which was not surprising after the long time I had been ill. Then my husband advised me to try another box. I did so with the result that I !.ave been permanently cured. Arimmia seems t 3 run in our family, and since I have taken the piUs I have recommended them to my sister and my fattier, both of whom have derived much benefit."

===== 0002601_18990421_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCOMOTOR ATAXY-THE WORST FORM OF PARALYSIS.

LOCOmOToR ATAXY is regarded by the medical profession as the most severe and the most helpless form of paraly:is, more especially when Symptoms of it develops slowly from an Paralysis. injury to the brain or spinal eolumn, as in the case of Mr. Any of the fol- lowing:Trembling ert,inly Gorge Greenwood, which was incurable by ordinary of the hands. medicine. That he was defintely which cannot be ured by Dr. Williams' Pink controlled; sudden Fills is one mare evidence of the Loss of Power in tact that they are not like arms or limb—fre—,rdinary medicine, and that quently down the h:0 f y cure when ordinary medi- whole of one side; e Staggering; par- Mr. Greenwood is a clerk tial or entire in- rnploved in the offices of the ' L. & N.W. Railway. He lives the to use ne it ,„; it Holt-terrace. Longsight, fingers; Distortion cll,ashchester, and his cure—a of the features;e (says the Stockport Adver- Severe Pains, liketi 0.) that would have bean rheumatism; difa- beyond belief had it not been for culty in Speech. the testimony of unimpeach- able witness=s is impressive and instructive. " About eighteen mouths ago,' he said, " I sought medical advice. I suffered most excruciating pains whicb flew about to different parts of the body, some- times in one part and som-timrs in another. I practi- cally lost the use of my limbs,and got FO that I could sot go out alone. When I walked I Eta ggered from side to side like a drunken man. I dared not come down or go upstairs alone, and when I bad put out the gas, I would be unable to stand, so powerless was I to control my limbs in the dark. 'lbe :doctors told me I was suffering from locomotar ataxy, and they gave me not the faintest hope of recovery. - _ -

" And were you working all this time ?" " Oh, no, indeed ; I could grasp nothinz of less di- mension than the handle of a good stlut walking stink, and ta hold a pen was an impossibility. I was away ten months."

"And what did you do P" • " I heard of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and determined to try them, which I did with marvellous results." 0 And now,- ?,

"Now I go to work every morning at five o'clock, and have been doing for months—and C never take a stick." "And would you describe yourself as cured ?" "Yes. I used to be so bad at n,ght that I couldn't lie in bed. Many a time I have crawled downstairs and lit the fire, preferring to sit her in this cnair to enduring the miseries and pain and eleeploss3e3s in bed."

Dr. Williams' Pink Pi'ls for Pale Pe3ple—sold by all chemists and Dr. 1i iltiams' Medicinn Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C. Price 2s 9d or six boxes for 13s 9d.

Mr. Sear: he wanted in other places ? Witnesa : ['ratty nearly all ov ,r the country, I think. Thomas Edwards, superintendent of police, Shrews- bury, slid the prisoner had committe.i a burglary at Ord-wink Hall. Witness subsequently arrested him with the stolen property in his poisession, and he was sea- tem id to 15 years' penal slrvitude. Sir William Forropoi i.ii the prisoner bora a bad char- acter, and it appeArecl thsit he had hardly been out of gaol fn. the pat 17 year;. OF the lasts3ntence of penal servitude he hitd still four years and 149 days to :serve, and Vie decision of the Court was that he would have to go blck to gaol to serve the remaining term of penal serviudt% For the present off:,nci he would b 3 corn- Lnitted to prison for one caloAdar month.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTITUTE OF JOURNALISTS

On Saturday afternoon, at the Town Hall, War- rington, the quarterly meeting of the members of the Liverpeel District of the lißtitute of Journal- ists took place. Mr. 'lsherwood presided. The secretaries in their report gave a sketch of the pro-. gramme snegested for. the entertainment of the enderence at the end of August,end intimated that there was every pro”sct of the gathering being m Net .successful. It.was announced that the central once had communica-ed that a number of members were in areear, and an effort will be made to pre- vent the lapsing of their membership. Several new members were elected, and some discussion took place as to the . desirability of gentlemen who had left the journalistic profession being transferred from the class of members to that of assoeigtes ! The mater will be 'further considered at the next qeaverly meeting to be held at Rhyl in July. At the clese of the meeting the members were enter- tained to, tog at the Old Academy. Couneillor Bennett presided, and, in reply to a hearty vote of. thanks, geve some interesting reminiscences of the; Academy, and referred to some of the literary itesocieetions of Warrington and especially to the publishing house of William gyres, which in the later' veers otle.et • century turned out some admir- able epecimens of typography. Chief amongst these were" The • History of the girls of Warren and Siierey," Williem Rescee'e "elouet Pleasant," works by Thomas Pennant,Dr. Aikin,Mies A. L. Aikin (Mrs Barbeuld), Priestley, the scientist, and Howard, the philanthropiet. Afterwer le the company were privileged t ) inpeteom of these works, in an ex- cellent state et ewes -Tvation, which. are in posses- sion of rh Werrineton Society, besides portraits of many old Warrinton werteies Mr. H. Stuart Page tZaVe some interissliag particulars of the collection. SPRING DRUSiBi. W. T. WILLIAM 3 has just re- volved the most Improved pro luctions in Gown and C 'e-and.Skir 4 tteriati. Trimmines. for the a coming season.-3.4.exer-sraesr, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Warringtonians who had set their hearts and minds so going to Broughton on Saturday bad to summon up all their enthwiasm and determination in order to fulfil their unwritten contract. Rain fell steadily all the narir.h- ing, and continued after the midday meal had been dis- posed of, with aipersistency which, to say the least,was very provoking. And tbea when one recollected, that ,tion 8 g Manchester was tins destination, one's hopes sank Igwer and lower, ;zit It it rains anywlnre 10431 bo_l6 w porMa 1 prayin fq firi.t day, lu t k s a Manchester. With a reckfeSSlPss born of despair, I, ani a few hun- dredit others determined to chance it, and the result was this: That it never rained a drop during tho whole course of the match, and the game was a very fine one from every point of view except that of a biased Leigh partian. Needless to say the 20,000 people pre- sent were proportionately thankful.

There was quite a crowd of celebrities in the centre of the stand, and below the box wherein the hon. officials are kept. I had just got settled in a good situation for viewing the game when I made the discovery that I was rubbing shoulders with Evan James, the James of the James's, on one side, and Chorley, the Halifax-Swinton- ian on the other side. A little in front was Sam James while clustered together on the right were Harry Etg. and, the old Yorkshire full back, Jack Harst,T3rn Jalk- son, and others more or lees lamina in the foothaPl Ju•t behind ma was a genial Swinton comarttee- man, from whom I learned m rch valuable informa- tion anent certain Welsh stars he had been interviewing in the privacy of their in .untain homes. Nit knowill, that I was that" chiel anrang ye takkin nates " he was disnosed to be comrnunicative.with th, r silt that I now Possess one or two cabinet s-crets which I am thinking of retailing to the lyghest biider. What offers War- rington?

But the game is what I set out to dilate upon. Leigh stepped on the field with a large amount of colksarei ness, due probably to the fact that Batley had so hunfaly begged E igar P,arsork'4 noble shirt—alW tasting their first cup-tie licking. It waa to be noticed that Pearson had got another jerev—nrcbahly intended as a gift to Sam Lees by his magnanimous conquerors. S 4 far the presentation has not come off, and is rirnonred to he indefinitely postnonecl. Oldham tripped gaily itatl the enclosure a moment later, and the cheer wl)ich had greeted Leigh was renewed and redoubled. Trip Mather- laners wen lucky with the to,,is end got a fairly strong breeze at thfir backg in the firit half. °Ahem were to the fore in the onenirg ,stages, and after grind play by the hacks, Fi4c*-ler !,r-it hold and dropped a neat No..r if then is cOOO thing Leigh can do, and do it at any time, it is drop goli, so von msy guess thst Fletcher's temerity roused the s,4a.rnshrN,ters on the other qele to great exertion,. By really sterling play the Whites r!rave their foesi to the other end, and obtain- ing a position in front of goal, Molyraeux threw to Dun- basin and the scorrs were %lade equal in a trice. Old- ham now defended almost elt tinuously, hut they suc- ceeded in repelling successfully the attacks of 0-n Leigh forwards,who played a hard eatlV. Touch-kick.n7. was a plan adopted by the Okihamers who had had enough of dropped goals.

When the teams changed ends, they were still nn level terms, and the odds were a bank draft to a button in Oldham's favour. Having played a waiting game to perfection they now srt to work and were soon peprering the Leigh line. The ball was passed along in fine style, and the tricky Williams put his side ahead with a try in the corner. Lees made the usual mesa of the goackick, bat it mattered little. Tom Davies sprinted in at the opposite side very soon after, and was followed by Telfer with a try near the posts. This time Sam Lees landed the goal. Oldham still played in irresisiible style, Davies being particularly dingerous, and just boi-me the finish he outpaced the opposition and got in again WI the corner. This was the last straw, and the whistle saved Leigh from further humiliation. They retired beat'n by 16 points to 2 points.

It was Oldham's superiority in the thrce•quarter line which won them the match. In all other departments the men in white were a match for them, and at half back particularly made an fxcellens show. Dunbavin played a brilliant game, and his display was only equalled for individual excellenca by that of Fletcher, who was a tower of strength for Oldham. He certainly is a remarkahle and few centro3 could get through the work he does every Satu'day.

The semi-final tla at Bradford vras a remarkable affair altogether. Hunslet won it by 15 points to 8 points, but during the course of the match or 4 lag; than 6 men were ordered off for rough play. Mr. J. Fl. Smith, of Widnes, was the referee, and he seems to have had a lively time of it. Salford were the principal offenders, and had five forwards sent off. GiDines, of Finnslet, accompanying one of them. At the meet in of the Gip Committee on Monday evening, Rha,pos, Woodhead, Brown, and Gled- hill of Salford, wera swmended till the end of December next, and Jones (Salford) and Giilings (Hunslet) till the end of Seplember. Inanbordina.tion or rouzhnes3 are not tolerated under Northern Union rules.

At the mune meeting, the final was ordered to be played at Fallowfield next Saturday. It is robe hoped that the arrangements will be of a different character to those in force—or not in force—at the English cup semi-final. There will be thirty thlusand people present, it is pretty certain.

And now for the doings of the Warrington P.C. On Saturday the firat tram, minus Bate, journeyed to Birkenhead and had the stiff strulgle I predictal. lam glad to say that they won, though only by 8 pcinta to 5 points. The team gave a very good display with the exception of the laalf-hack, and were deserving of their victory. Bosom played a wonderfully cool, safe game, while Isherwood and Harris infusei much more dash into their play than they have shorn of I ate. The "A" team had an enjoyable afternoon's sport with the Birken- head juniors, ancl:triumphed by 31 pointi to nil.

To-dars match at Wilderspool is between Fletcher Russells, and Rochiale Rangers for the charrloiorship of the Junior League. In stating that Fleteher', were the junior champions last week. I made a s'iAt mistake. They are the champions of the Western section, and have to nlay their opponents of to day. who are champions of the Eastern section, for the junior championship of Laneashire. It will be a good match and an oven one, but I fancy the local lads wig just about pull it off.

The League champiot sip table -up to date is as fol- lows :

• Par. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P.. GT P P Broughton Rang. 28...21... 5... 0...41 65-777-13 16— 74...42 Oldham ?6...20... 6. 0...32107-385...11 12— 5R...41 Salford 26. 18. R.. 2...22 54-205...22 23-113_38 Widnes 26..17 7. 2 .35 42-1116.. 22 23-113.36 Leigh 26...17... 9... 0...36 32-168-13 33-125...34 *Swinton... —23 16. R.. 2..33 c 4 -228 ..14 17— 79...32 Runcorn 2B-16... 9... 2_32 43 —193...19 25-113...32 St. Helens 25-11...11_ 3...27 34-155...19 44-171...25 Warrington 26...11...14... 1...16 31-134-32 51--217-23 Rochdale Hornets 26... 9...14... 3...` 4 21-111_36 48-7.16...21 Tyldesley 26. 5...14 16— 82 ..27 g2-210...11 Stockpot., 25. 5...19... 1...16 20— 92...44 72-334_11 Wigan 26. 4...20... 2...15 12— 6=l-38 54-238...10 Morecambe 25. 2..23.. 1. 7 11— 47...40 67-233... 5 *Svrnton have had two p3ints delucted for breach of professional rules.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATION.

On Monday evening the coarterly meeting of this Association was held in St. Peter's Schoolroom, John-street. Prior to the meeting about GO teachers had tea together. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. E. C. E. Carletoneared there werN also present the Reus. C.C. Flost (vicar of Sr.. George's, Manchester), B. R. Tarbeck, W. R.. Hartwright, P. J. Byrne, W. Bracecamp and A. S. Cameron.—The R'. C. C. Frost read a paper on" flow to prepare a Sunday School missionary lesson." He said if they tried to palm off upon Sunday school children information which had become positively stale and musty, their keen scent woeld Pmell it out. They (the teachers) should not marvel at their restless- ness. They should keep their knowledge up to , date by -reading, missionary literature, and first amongst the suitable information which children would eagerly devour was the explanation of the strange monners and customs of those foreign nations. Appeals to an Englieh bov's.love of adven- ture might not only be made by informa- tion on strange manners and customs, but also by deseriptions of far-off lands. They should know something of the religions vrhich Christianity was intended to suppler'. The teacher hiniselt- must disabuse his own mind of the notion which seemei so prevalent, tb heathen worship was irraticnal. It might be false, but, if sympathetically studied, it would be dis- covered that there was some human want or some grand idea, doubtless distorted, at toe basis of ihe strange and even 'horrid . rite. Chrisaanity cor rented the distorted notions heathens had of God, I and their own nature, and of the universe, awl r proved a satisfaction to their dei-pst needs. On the riecesity of giving in addre,se4 on .rnissionary subjects personal details be need int dwell, fer that was folly rero:inise.,!• by tem. In thinking over an address they should alwavehave presint to their mind their audience in all their yoetb, and frede- ness and restlessness, and should speak with a view to rn.Acing their hearers true and faithful subjects of Christ —A discussion followed, in which the Revs R. C.l. CArloton,E. Ti. Tarblck, A. S. Cameron, P. J. Byrne, and W. B. liartwright :ok part, and at the conclusion a vote of thanks wrs passel to he lecturer.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
N 1: ff ; • : ••

RHEUMATISM CURE.

ore cores lautc ninscular. Munyon's Rheurnatis7l° rheumatam in from ons to 114 ClaY% tarp, shooting pains in any part of the body etopPeu ..7 a few does. A prompt, compl.te, and permanent cure for lamenesl„ soreness, stiff back, and all plias in hips and lions. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago or pain in the iota are speedily curet It seldom fails to give relief from one or two dhses. and almist Invariably curs be- fore one battle has hien used. Price One Shilling. A separate cure for each disease. At all CtiamistS, m)stly Orie Shilling a vial:

Per-sonat letters to Prof. Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, Lludon, W.C., answered with fre3 rnedical ad- vice for any diFetse.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARISII COUNCIL MEETINGS. GRE T SANKEY.

The first meeting of the newly-formcd Parish Council of Grett Sinkey was he:d in th 9 B yard schools on Mon. day eveninz. There were present : Messrs. Wright, Cook, Taylo- J. H. Kilshaw, and Thamas Kilshaw, with Mr. Smith (clerk). ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. A PECIILIAR POSITION.

The member; of the Council hevin signed the Usual declaratien accepting office, M. Wright said the next business was to eleet a ahairman of the Council for the ensuing year. They ha 1 a gentleinee its the township whom he 'view had worked very hard in the public in- tlrest in the past, and wile was a ve-y fit and proper Lp leeon &represent them in the nhaer. 36 hal been on the Council ever Mice it was formed, and hid proved himself a most useful memtrr of it. He (the speaker) referud to Mr. G serge Thomps)n, and he had pleasure proposine his e!cnoi to the c liir. He had received e-t-er from one of the en !Albers of the Councl who was fetishes te be pre,ent enrouee itloess. As it touched upon tee el .ction of Chairmen he woted read it te teem. It ran as foll Vine aws Cottaee, Great Sinker. Dr. Mr. Wright, I regret I cannot attend tee l'irish Council meeting this evening. I have betn cuneelled theough a severe attack of iefluenzs to reartie in bed dorieg the at two days, and can assure you Lam extreinely sorry I cannot take part in the preceeeings of thenew council's first meeting. It was my inter ton to have proposed Mr. Thompson as chairm sn hr tie, ensuing year. I hope you will do hine the heecur and I trust he will be elected unanimously. I shall be ex rernely pleas-d if yeti will tike my position as overseer during tee next 12 months to assist me in some of my public dudes. Thomas Halton." Contintt- ing, Mr. Wright, mid he was sure the council could not do better than elect Mr. Thompson. Although that gentleman's views might not al ways meet with their approval, still he had the welfare of the township at heart. Mr. Taylor : I think it will b 3 better to elect Mr. Joseph Wright. Mr. Wright : I refuse to be chairman for another year and Mr. Halton will not accept the position either. • Mr. J. H. Kilshaw h pod Mr. Wright would accept the position for another twAve months. Be proposed that Mr. Wright be the chairman. Mr. Taylor emended. Mr. Wright said he absolutely declined to accept the position. The Clerk said as there was no seconder to Mr. Wright's propositioe it fell to the ground. Mr. Wright could continue as chairman until his successor was ap- pointed. Perhaps it would be better under the circuits. stances to adjourn th 3 matter until the next meeting when he would hive had a further opportunity of coa. sidering the coestion. It was decided to postpone tee election of chairman and vice-chairman until the next meeting. THE OVHRSERR.S. Mr. Thomas Kilshew proposed the re-Aection of Messrs. Halton, Taylor and Thorepsoe as overseers for tte township. Mr. Cook seconded, and the proposition was agreed to. '

Mr. Wriaht slid it wig not necesgary for them to e'e3t cra7warcien seeing ihit the duties of the iliE,7hway Board had been merged into those of the Rural District Council.

THE ACCOUNTS. The Clerk submitted the annual financial statement. Fhowir“, that the Fxoens; a duting the year had been £l2 164 7d, leaving a b dance in hand of £6 03 9J. The Clerk pointed out that the cost of the elevion for tlfs year was eleven shillings as cmmarcd with ei.Jit pounds odd last year owing to the couteated election. Mr. Wright thought that to conteat for a rarisl co cil election was to foolishly throw money away. He watit very pleased they had an increas3d balance. Mr. J. H. Kilshaw said it would ver7 likely increasS if they retained Mr. Wright's SOrvices as chairman. The accounts were p!siet

===== 0002601_18990421_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

A PLUCKY CURA-TH. On Saturday aoout 1:10J11,8 horse attached to a cart belonging to :Mr. Renshaw, of Appleton, took fright and bolted in Bridge-stree, da,hing at a high rate of speed towards Bridge-foot, when the Rev. T. W. Barber, curate of Holy,Trinity, very pluckily seized the bridle and brought the animal to a standstill. The traffic was very heavy at the time,and a serious accident seemed imminent. The street was crowded with pedestrians, and the affair caused a goad deal of excitement. The rev, gentleman's conduct de- serves high commendation. We believe this is the second occasion on which he has been successful in stopping a runaway noro.

_ EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCHES. The annual united communion service in connec- tion with the Evangelical Free Churches of War- rington was held in Wycliffe Cmgregational Church on Sunday evening. The Rev. J. Yong,e, pastor, presided, Ihere was a large congregation. During the Eervice the Rev, C. Finch pre an address. The same evening an int,ntchange,of pnlpits took place as follows :—Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, Rev 0 Finch ; Bold-street Emmanuel Reformed Church, Rev .1- wtarriock, M A, B D; 80ld-street Wesleyan Church, Rev J Tong-'; Golberne-street Bap,ist Church, Rey W Potts; St John's Presbyterian Church, Rev J T Schofield; Latchford Baptist Church, Rev G Harbottle : Leh-street Primitives Methodist. Church, Rev E T Reed; and Wycliffe Congregational Church Rev J F Matthews. DEATH OF A FORMFat LOCAL CRICKETER. The death lok place on Saturday everring,at his residence in Reamorft-street, of Mr. James Wag- staffe, who in he sixties was one of the leadinz cricketers in the district. The deceased gentleman for many years acted as umpire to the Warrington. Club, and his decisions wer, always held in respect by by both teams. Mr. Weg:•taffe had been in failing health for some time, and hopes were never enter- tained ot. his recovery. For many years be had been in the employ 0? Messrs. Richmond and C 0.,. Academy-street, whom he was much respected He leaves a.wh-low. to mourn his loss. —The funeral took place on %V ednesday afternoon at to e Cemetery.. The Rev. E. R. Tarbuik, of St. Paul's, offieiat,d at the funeral service, rvhich in addition to relatives , and friends was attended by a deputation from Messrs. Ricarnond nd Comp3nv's Works consu:tlag of Messrs. G. Billington, A. L-slie, T. Nell, A. Gars. land, W. Warburton, an-I Allen,and Messr,. H P. lineies and W. B. SmOtey, represenVzrz the office staff. Amongst the wrssktris sent were included one from Messrs. Richtnold e.nd Company,and one from the workmen of that

00025000;

yo3,pe3p'eigrlnk

Brooke, Bonds' Tea,

every day During the las,. sewn m0ra11q..13,001C,:. 13,ND3 11W+ sold more Let tutu l thmv ever sold before in cut i‘ther period of seven [no iths throughout ah their nine- and-twenty years of tra ling. Thee tWO absolutely true faos are the best possible proof that " BROOKE, 7,3ONDS" TEA IS BRITAIN'S BEST."

So1;1 by 30,010 Agents

Pit 1/-, 1/4, lin, & 2/- a lb. (

LIMITiii),

To Merchlnts by Ap.Joint ment to The People; Tut: LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES : T, PICC tOILLY, AND 12 S.; 14, LONG MILLGATE, MANCHTSTEI tia

AND AT LRED3, BRADFORD AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990421_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebr Cramina " Annes

01LANCISHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWEirvPREts: Compriaes THE WarriKgion and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday r.norning. THE Earkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Ile‘ens Examiner, published every Friday aftiornoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, A.PAAT3LENT9 WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIYATE CONTRACT MISCF.LLAIgEOUS WANTS.

HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six

Ord. Week. Weeks. Weeks. IS 27 36 45 ls 6d ... 35 8d ... 65 Od

===== 0002601_18990421_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

FF- RER RUBBER STAMP to Agents Selling my STAMPS. —B. G. ROBINSON, 3, Crown-street, Bolton.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS. Everything. Wholesale Book free (Canv- sser's Cataloznes is). Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

APPRENTICH.—A respectable, well-educated YOUTH required as Apprentic3 to the General Drapery Busi- WE#B.—W HoDotuNsoN, LTD., Bridge-Street, Warrington.

WANTED. by widow lady, experienced in lousiness, SITUATION to manage branch shop, or any place of trust : references.— Adiress Mrs. BROWN, 29, Trent-road, Lytham,

ACTIVII MEN and WOMEN WANTED, everywhere, to earn rorn 51 to 25s ner week in spare Um., or evenings; send for p4rticulars,—Box (41), Eclipse Works,B9, Aldersgate- street, London.

PARTNER WANTED in old-established estate agent and valuer's business in the North of England ; profits Over £800; partner receives half share for £.ooo.—Apply W. F. CHAMBERS, Solicitor. Denton, near Manchester.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Zoirtettr gintbants,

WANTED a GENERAL. —Hawthorn House, Coppnll, Chorley.

WANTED Good GENERAL; good home.—Apply LARK INN, Chadderton, 011 ham.

WASIII3D, good CIENIBRAL, 3 of a family.—Apply 15, NELSON-STREET, Chorltor-on-Medlock, Manchester.

WANTED , a stasdy, relisble GSM/MAL SERVANT.— Apply Mrs. PF.BCY, 33. New Market-street, Wigsn.

WANTED, GENERAL ; expe,ienced ; wazes SPITTLE, Briar CottAge, Davyhulrne-road, Urmstort.

WANTED a Respectable GIRL, to assist with housework. —Apply Mrs. RATcLIFFe, 4, Willlngton-road, South- psrt.

WANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. BARLOW, Stoneeliffe, Spring Bank, Pemberton, near Wigan.

WANTED at once, strong. steady, GENERAL for family, good home.-112, PRINCESS-ROAD, Moss Side, Man- chester.

WANTED strong GENERAL, all duties, 20 to 3O—Mr. MAxwma., 31, Essex-street, Old Trafford, Man- ehoster.

WANTED, experienced GENERAL, age 22 to 25 years; good wages.—Apply 112, HIGH-STREET, Oxford-road, Archeiter. WANTED good GENERAL. able to cook and do plain ironing ;no washing. Apply Mrs, WE29TEB, tak ley House, Prescot,

WANTED. USEFUL HELP, or GENERPA.L. with good character ; wages etc., on application.—Mrs. FOSTER. 21, Bodfor-street,

WANTED Strong GIRL one able to wash. for restaurant, one from country preferred.—Mrs. SHEPHERD, 142, Deansgate, Bolton.

WANTED. respectalsle GIRL as General. Family three.— Mn. BuTTERWORTH, 35, Church-road, Choriton-cum- Hardy, Manchester.

WANTBD, good COOK. country; family small; houses- maid-waitreis kept ; Protestant . —Mrs. THRMLFILL, Catterall House. Garstang.

WANTED. strong GIRL about '4, to assist in house- work.—Apply, BATTERSBY. 189, Upper Aughton- road, Birkdale, Southport.

MRS. HALL 28, Handlleld-road, Waterloo near Liverpool. Select Servants Agency.—WANTED at once, Generals, Housekeeper, and Cook.

WANTED Good PARLOURMAII3 by the end or April ; waries £lB.—Apply to Mrs. brircrost, Parktields, Tit tensor, Staffordshire.

S. ERVANTS requiring good Situations—Apply 13EnvIrrs' SUPPLY AVOCIATION, 1 Langdale-road, Smithdown•road, Beton Park. Liverpool.

WANTED at once, 000 K-GENERAL; must be able to wash ; liberal wages.—Mrs. Isi"rzan, St. Michael's House, Lea Green.

_ WANTED. GBNBBAL, about 18. clean and willing; able to wash; good home ; £l2; refereßCAs required. Bev. F. CIOTWYND, Tottington, Bury.

WALBUM, strong, healthy GIRL 20 years of age, able to wash. assistance given ; fare raid. good wages, good character.—BLaxrmE, Broadway, Blackpool.

WANTED, COOK, chnreh, age 28 to 35, two in family.— Apply by letter stating age and referenee.Miss CRANE Royston Lodge. Whalley Range, Manchester.

‘VANTED GENERAL SERVANT, comfortable home; two in family.— Apply or write Mrs. S. MATHEWS Enaerds.le, College-avenue. Formby, Liverpool. WANTED. a good GENERAL; able to do all duties must have good referenees and used to children.— ly Jecxsort. 40, Church-street, Blackpool.

NvAN T)3 D , good OHNBRALS, Servants, Cooks, house and parlour maids ; also good string girls for laundry work ; servants fees ; stamp for reply.—Mrs. STONE, Keigh- ey-road Register Office, Colne.

ALADY wishes to hear of a trustworthy, experienced NURSE, for baby from the month and young child, must be strong, good needlewoman, Ch.of England, and have good references. State age, wages £2o.—Mrs. CASTLE, Dar- field, Yoritshlre.

Apartmento, & eurnisbeb out

ARNSlDH.—Furuished House, two entertaining and six bed morns, also five-roomed eottage.—HlGH BANK, Aruside, Carnfot th.

ST. ANNES-ON-SEA.—APARTMENTS To Let.—Mrs. Sala.Ras, Garden House, Bt. Annea-road East. Bath and Piano.

ST. ANNBi-ON-SEA, APART MENTS.—Maa. DENTON, 6, Nelson-street, Bath and w. c. Terms Moderate. Public or Private.

‘nOUTHPOßT.—Superior APARTMENTS; very central; terms moderate. Address M 133 SUMNER, Earlsdeaae, 47, Derby-road.

BLACKPOOL, Mrs. OwF:X. Bev..sey HOUSB, 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea, (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington).

llipLACKPOOL.—Furuished House or Apartments .1.) convenient, quiet place ; no children ; good attend- ance ; terms moderate.—B.. 4. LONDON-ROAD,

WARRINGTON ROUSE —Miss Kermnde. Polam-road. Blackpool (North Snore), public or private APART- MENTS, with or without baird, close to promenade.

IJNDEII THE CLOCK

BRIDGE, STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD, BOOTS,

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-NIA.DH SILVER ENG LIS H PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled mad fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, LIEAVY SOLID SIVLRII HALL-MARKED CASES, wall finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIF fY SHILLINGS." This wat chis timedto a minnte. and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given With each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCI: AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent tost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

Bointstir Orrbantl, &T.

NI/ANTED, a Gi3INTELLAL about 18. Apply 210 I:',TRF:TVOISD-RDID, Manchester.

ONS, Voultrp, Szt.

jflarbilierg, etc.

ittonev.

THE nu:: SIAN HOG, The Bristle Producer. which was shown at the Exhibition, at PRINCE'S stand in the corridor. is now on view in his shop window,-4, HORSEMAIIICET-bTRBET, Warrington.

c*ates lartbate Ertatp.

PARILOT.—Amazon. talk, £?., worth £S.—GUNSTON, Neal- street, Shaftesbury Avenue.

COUNTRY GIRL WANTED. age 16, houdewoLk,fare pat d —lll KING'S-ROAD, Cliesoid Para, London.

IS. WHEKLY will secure BICYCLE ; stamped envelope.- BUSTACE. Invt-rcrombie, Gunnersbury.

500 GROSS k screws 2s 6d doz. gross ; long wire nails 12s 6d cwt.—LEOPARD Wandsworth.

PINIC BMW mountain PONIES for sale, cheap to Im- mediate purclaaser.—CA.RßUTHE RB, Rhyl.

nOULTRY grit, shell or fl 53 cwt. 35., kalf cwt. clr nags paia.— POULTRY GRIT CO., Grimsby.

TOOTHACHE, genuine cure, send 3d. for recipe.—Mr. J. BURRoWS, 13, Aiwa-road, Wandsworth, London.

2 GOOD CIGARS in box post free 25.—CIGIR STORES, 0 7, Ectoit-street, Wortharopton.

f 10F FEfil (Pure). 14lb Canister 10s.6d.Write for Goods list. kJ CEYLON CO., 4. Guildhall Chambers.

PRETTY Tortoiseshell Bamboo Cabinet Photo Frames, 9d each, carriage free..-33, STAMFORD-ROAD, DalBtOil.

DIAN° for 4s. ; Sewing Machine, 3s. 6d.; Mangle Wringer, 2s. 6d• 49, LENNOX-ROAD, Finsbury Park. Lonien..

A GENTS WANTRD, remunerative bus ness. stamped envelope.-49 LENNox-RoAD, Finsbury Park, London.

VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD SEND

3 STAMPS FOR ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. SIMPLE, SAFE, RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE.

MADAME FARLEIGH, 160, HACKNEY-ROAD, LONDON, N.H.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
App'

TH E EXA MINER. FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LET.—HOUSB No. 6, Academy-street,—Apply WOOD. I_ a SON, Solicitors, 55. Horsontarket-strsat, Warrington.

THE FIRST AND FOREMOST FURNISHERS. PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD. MANCHESTER, (Just past Station through Railway Arch.)

ESTABLISHED FIFTY-FOUR TEARS.

PITTS'S ARE PLEASED TO STATE that despite the prevalence or Influenza and inclement weather throughout the month, PITTS'S TURNOVER has exceeded by £5:.)0 that of any previous March. This great increase is due to the recommendations of PITTS'S innumerable cus- tomers who, delighted with their purchases, have spread PITTS'S fame as general furnishers far and wide, with the above-mentioned result, which is extremely gratifying.

Prrrs,s IMMENSE CLIENTELE is not drawn from any particular class of the community. It em- braces all members of the social scale, from aristocrat to artisan, peer to peasant. For instance.PlTTi'S have recently bad the honour of supplying furniture for a WELL-KNOWN DUKE. as well as to a Ship Canal Docker, in each case giving UTMOST SATISFACTION, so meriting further orders.

PITTS'S HAVE BOOKED ORDERS for all amounts. £448, £345, £3lO, £289, £lBO, down to a few coppers. THRSH ARH FACTS which PITTS'S books prove up to the hilt, and not the oatpourings of a too perfervid irmazination, as many furnishing advertisements unfortu- nately are.

pITTS'S ARE IN A POSITION to give exception- ally low quotations for furnishing throughout the largest, or smallest size of House, Office, Club. Hotel, Institu- tion, Ito— AND GUARANTHII THH WORK being promptly executed in a thoroughly workmanlike manner, and the articles tasteful and of undoubted durability.

PI'PTS'S CAN EQUIP OUT OF STOCK a Drawing- room, say, with the most rechereln) goods at a cost, say, V. 09 ; or furnish throughout your house for a tenth part of the mousy. The magnitude and variety of PITTS'S colossal stock is simply INFINITE. Every conceivable design, style, and snake in all the most fashionable woods apd materials to select from at about HALF City prices.

pITTS'S DO NOT ASK YOU TO BELIEVE this advertisement and then think no more about it. PITTS'S would rather you doubted it, and in a criticising spirit paid a visit of inspection, thus givi• g PITTS'S an opr,r,+nr,ity of demonstratinz the ABSOLUTH VERACITY o their ate 'ements. Whether buying or not you are wel- con.., Awl, if it does nothing else, it will at lest open your eyes to the latest productions in the Furnishing World.

pITTS'S RENOWN EU HOUSES OF FURNITURE _IL at 151. 22i, 28i, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1.000 guineas. exeitc, wonder and admiration in all who see them. THRY STAND UNRIVALLED. They are a source of pride and delight to PITT'S countless customers. and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astounded at the quan- tity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing a. Happy Tmglish Home comfort ably. artistically and economi- cally furnished, should send to PITTS'S for full particulars. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrange- ment.

PITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE is a VERITABLE GODSEND to all setting up housekeeping. especially those of linaittd means, as it shows at a glance, how to save frora 25 per cent to 50 per cent. Seat post free.

PITTS'S CYCLES.—Splendirl Selections of NEW MACHINES by best mak,.rs ; guaranteed twelve months at consideralsly under city prices ; also SECOND H kND Cycles in good condition at about half cost ; Dunlop, Clincher, &c, tyres.

IDITTS'3 CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS. - I_ AP British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. Astounding value. Qrandest display ever seen.

PITTS'S PIANOS, MAIL CARTS, BASSINET VHS 1. Lamas, China, Glass, Harthenware. Magnificent Selections of unrivalled Bargains.

DITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITUJIH. livery description of Bookcases, Secret tires, Deers, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

QAMLIEL PUTS. Established 1845. LONDON-itoAD Oast vast Station), Manchester, Ardwick, Loneight, aid Bell Vue Cars pass the Door.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tr) gurtfon.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
aptorkz, iStistnesses, tir.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER-I' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICICERSHAW COAL). HEAD ()MCA AND WHARF

ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Ccal Si dings and Branch Office : Maroon Street, Warrington

===== 0002601_18990421_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eptits,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Vuhltrattons.

910YS, SWEETS AND TOBAf CO BUSINESS to be sold, A_ 18 yars a going concern, busy thorougherfare, no reasonable offer relusediguedibargain.—G,JonasN,2o Kinmel- street, Birkenhead.

Cl INCLAIR'S

HEART

TONIC

PILLS.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEM SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. s s. SIBERIAN for St. John's,N.F..and Halifax April 8.8. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and ,itontreal...April s.s. GALLIA for Quebec and Montreal 414 is.s. CARTHAGINIAN for St. John's N.F. and Halltia6to s.s. TAINUI for Onebec 'and Montreal MaY Saloon Fares tram £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage Through Tickets to all points at special rates. cul3te CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full partier free on application to ALLAN RaoulEas & Co., 19. 310 et., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-at., Warrio±t„.. - - _ -INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORE. h. .I. TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, cAglj, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW zIiAL.A. sLould take tickets at theLGWEST RATES at OEN W ALKETt AND Co.,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA MINER .

APRIL 213 t 1899.

JUST as the Greeks had to ba

The Cromwell reminded that there were heroes Tercentenary. before Agamemnon., it has become iaecessary to recall for tea instruction of an age .not too profound that there were great men of past centuries who contributed to the building up , of the British Constitution, the current faith, and the British Empire. This is often inconvenient and disturbing for shallow minds, prone to cere- Menial and floral tributes, and not unmoved by What THACKBRAY has assailed:as snobbery. The heroes of our country have not all been canonised as soon after their death as L3rd BEICONSFIELD. , Some of them were reviled as hypocrites, and for generations were the mirk of scorn and ridicule. CROIVW&LL was one of these mighty men. His as- sociates and contemporaries admired him, unless they suffered under his methods. But after his death a wave of obloquy passed over his name,,and the popular mind preferred to dwell upon the memory of CHA.RLE3 the Irtyr rather than of CR.OMWELL the Protector and the Puritan. Caom- WELL, in fact, had to be re-discovered, like buried statues. Roman pavements, and the cuneiform alphabet. When his private letters had been col- lected and commented upon it was found that he was a man in accord with the opinion his imme- diate friends had of him,and not the monster of the critics who came after hini,or who never forgave him for having routed a roystering aristocracy and driven an untruthful Menarch from the Throne. And now, three hundred years after his birth, we value him highly as a man of valour and military genius, as a ref orrner,a religious man,and a states- man. Hence it will not do to trust to the adula- tion or the defamation of the men who come just after the object they make the centre of their emotion. We remember that SERKESPEAME was not famous until long after he had passed away, and the fact makes us suspicious of fames and emblems that succeed the dead, like the recital of a herald at arms over the remains of a royal and raany-titled parson. It is most appropriate just now to remember that CROMWELL lived, and that he had a duty be- fore him which it was hard to fulfil, for on Tues- day occurs the tercentenary of his birth. Stern men are needed in rough tiraes,and his was a time When without the qualities he manifested there Would have been a deterioration of the national

character,a permanent enthralment of the national mind, possibly a political enslavement which might have changed the trend of our history for the worse. The KING was not a model of truthfulness and respect for popular rights. He was as false as a human being could be, and though a mistake was made when he was ex- cuted it was the only mistake in the campaign against him. The people of to- day would not stand a King who raised what troops he liked, and sent his messages to Parliament for what money he wanted, and levied taxes without the consent of Parliament, and imprisoned men without accusation or trial. The spirit which would resent these things is an inheritance fro in the CROMWELL period,and a strain of descent from the indomitable man himself. When we discuss such matters we Cromwellise without knowing it. We may say of the man himself what CLARENDON and HUME said,and what every Royalist scribe and Papal satirist has echoed everywhere, but the fact that we Cromwellise in our constitutional and political thinking is the surest, sweetest, and most convincing proof of his moral value in the history iof this country. To-day we permit no Sovereign I to hold an army or raise one independently of Par- liament, and taxes have to be levied by Parliament alone, and the Monarch is not superior to the law of the land. If there had been no CROMWELL, these things might not have come when they did, and might not be with us now to the extent which they are. He won for us our religious liberty, and put an end to the stupid absurdi- ties of Laud, that "cold, pedantic, ridiculous, superstituous " personage who tried to harry Puritanism out of existence and had Nonconfor- mist heretics branded with the letters S.S., as "Sowers of Sedition." He was as fair to the Jews as to the Nonconformists, and if he smote the Catholics of Ireland, it was not until they had made themselves conspicuous by ill-treating the Protestants. It is to CROMWELL WO owe that benign, sympathetic, liberty-promoting for eign policy which has done so much to make the name of England synonymous with freedom and relig- ious sincerity. He gave £2,000 out of his own pocket to help the Vaudois, "the slaughtered saints" for whose avengernent blind old MILTON prayed in one of his immortal sonnets. It would have been well for this country and the massacred Armenians if,in these "superior" days of enlighten- ment,we had been true to the noble ideal of CROM-. , NvELL's foreign policy, instead of swaggering about empire and then objecting to pay for the cost of it. An animating sense of public duty was one of CROMWELL'S characteristics. He was not a limp, boneless, scoffing kind of politician, seeking place and power, and careless of the laxity or the morality of the path-climbing, or the result. " I was by birth a gentleman," he once said," living neither in any considerable height nor yet in ob- scurity. I have been called to several employ- ments in the nation, and did ever discharge my duty as an honest man." "I have taken my oath to govern according to the laws which are now made; and I trust that I shall fully answer it," he said, on another occasion. "And know, I sought not this place." CROMWELL'S spirit is needed to-day. He was no Papist, and he would tolerate no mummeries. When he was Governor of Ely, a creature of Laim's, named Hirca, displeased him with his Papal antics in the cathedral. "Leave off your fooling and come down, sir" was CROMWELL'S re- buke—and the poor man came down. Up to Litres time the Communion Table had been in the middle of the church, and LAUD had it moved to the east end, where it is still allowed to re- main. Rails were put round, as CLAREN-DoN says, "Ito keep off the dogs." They are still to be found, and their origin may be worth remember- ing. The spirit of resistance to these innovations may be dubbed Puritanism, but it is as necessary to-day,as it was in CROMWELCS time. Yes,it is the consciousness that ceremonialism is killing the spirit of religion, that munameries are taken for faith, which gives to tercentenary views and feel- ings their keenness and depth. "Subtlety will deceive you," said CROMWELL, " integrity never will." The Protestantism of the day needs to be revivified and broadened with something of the CROMWELLIAN spirit, and reformers who may not desire to copy his rough methods will still remem- ber that revolutions are not won by fine phrases and hair-splitting, whilst liberty may be lost by submission to priestcraft,and prosperity imperilled by preferring private ease to public virtue.

THE problem of housing the Housing and Labour. working-class population is not in the least met by a device for enabling thrifty heads of families to buy their own houses. It would be a very simple [natter if it were so. The problem is of a two-fold character. There is the fluctuation of employment, now brisk in one place and anon in another, and there is the concentration of employment beyond the house room or the land-room of the locality. Labour must be mobile, and whatever would check the tendency must be bad for the providers of labour and for the labourers themselves. A conception of the problem to be solved which omits this mo- bility is of very little value. On the other hand the problem presented by a concentration of labour is even more painful, because it brings in its train the evils of high rents, over-crowding, and consequential poverty and disease. The two aspects of the case often present themselves simultaneously. Mobility engenders over-crowding, and it tends to produce high rents. A sudden influx of labour into a district leads at first to over-crowding, and then, if,the conditions are favourable, to rapid building and speculative business. If the district be already fairly well populated, the consequences are often very serious. Hence it is of no use facing the question as if it were simply one of providing houses for a settled and permanent industry, though that industry were liable to ups and downs. Certain general causes are at work behind the scenes which cemplicate every part of the entire question. There is the difficulty of getting suitable land for house building where the demand for houses is most imperative. Sometimes all the land is in the hands oE one owner, who will only let it on building leases. Glouncl-rents tend to become a very heavy infliction in many towns. High rents accompany all pressure, be it upon existing houses or upon newly-opened-out estates. Work men p-sy most exorbitant rents for very poor accom mo_ dation. How this will be cured by enabling thorn to buy their own houses is not eisy to see. The labourer who is here to-day and gone to-morrow will never buy his own house. He cannot afford it. High rents take se much from his earnings as to make saving for such a purpose impossible. Mobile labour increases the over-crowding pro- blem and defies the reformer who thinks owner- ship is the true solution of the difficulty. Buying his own house is an excellent thing for a man who is definitely attached to a

===== 0002601_18990421_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY APRIL 21, 1899. RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

settled industry distri But it has really no bearing on the general problem of how to house without over-crowding. In a slum dis- trict of any town, how - many heads of families could buy their own houses? How many good houses could be provided on the sites occupied by the slums ? Even when roomy houses are run up in the suburbs they are speedily found to be occupied by two families. In fact, the problem is bewilderingly complicated. The local authority seems to be the new power upon which we must fall back. But we must do it intelligently and comprehensively, and not ma muddle-headed way. The ground landlord cannot be 13ft to all his old powers. In fine, we must consider the entire problem before we can do anything effectively.

It must be confessed that the pessimistic fore- bodings in regard to the Workmen's Compensation Act have not been altogether borne out. This is a matter for rejoicing all round. The Parliamen- tary paper that has just been issued establishes conclusively the fact that the Act has been of immense benefit to the working classes, and that it has been loyally accepted by the masters. From the returns of the first quarter it is calculated that about 120,000 cases occur during the year,and out of these only 500 will be taken to the county court or the arbitrators. Solicitors' fees have been reduced to half the amount obtained under the Employers' Liability Act. And, moreover, the average compensation has risen from about £9O to £2OO. There is no reason to believe that the indus- tries affected by the Act cannot bear the burden. Some of the insurance companies are beginning to see that they can issue policies to the masters at cheaper rates. The Act was largely experimental, but the results so far are so cheering that no Government will be able to delay for a loni period an extension of the legislation to some of the trades that were so unfortunately, and in several instances unfairly, left out of Mr. Chamberlain's Bill. But the most satisfactory feature of the Act is that there should have been such a small pro- portion of litigation.

The habitual drunkard is a difficult person to deal with, but it was thought that the passing of the Inebriates Act would provide an easy solution to the difficalties continually cropping up. Un- fortunately, the Act is so far practically inopera- tive, for the very good reason that only three County Councils in the country have made any move towards fulfilling the duty imposed upon them of providing homes for habitual in- ebriates. At the .opening of the Liver- pool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, Sir A. B. Forwood commented on the fact that most of the crime which came under his notice was due to the effects of strong drink, and he regretted the delay which had taken place in the establishment of reformatories for drunkards. As things at pre- sent stand, we are just where we were, and the drunkard who is perpetually in the dock can only be dealt with in the old ineffective way and sent back to gaol. Then there is the discomforting reflection that County Councils are deplorably slow-moving bodies in matters of this kind, and it is more than probable that two or three years , will have to pass before the intentions of the Act, 1 which has been law for some five or six months, are carried out to even a small extent. The Ine- briates Act is an excellent measure, and it is much to be regretted that the benefits which the toper and the punlic generally will experience, are so indefinitely postponed and so dependent upon the action of lethargic County Councils.

In another column we publish a letter from Mr. Alderman Roberts in reference to an article which appeared in the "Examiner" of a week ago on the subject of "Warrington and Secondary Education.' It was pointed out in the article that if the pro- posals of the Municipal Corporations Association in regard to Secondary Education were incorpora- ted in an Act of Parliament, Warrington would have no representative at all upon the local educa- tional authority, and would be entirely at the mercy of the Lancashire County Council. Those who are cognizant of the treatment which has been meted out to Warrington by the County Council in reference to Technical Instruction and the pro- posed widening of Warrington Bridge will have many misgivings if the influence of the County Council is extended to Secondary Education. Mr. Alderman Roberts characterises it as a "baneful influence," and strongly supports the proposal for the town to become a county borough at the earliest possible moment. This resolves itself mainly into a financial question, and before taking active steps it would be as well to know clearly what we are likely to gain and what we , shall lose by becoming a County Borough. The ' opposition of the County Council may be safely counted upon, as it is extremely unlikely that they will allow Warrington to slip from their grasp without a struggle. It is now some months since the Town Clerk was instructed to prepare a report on the question in all its aspects, but the work necessitated by the Corporation Bill and other important matters has delayed its completion. Such a report at this juncture would be both opportune and invaluable in guiding the Council as to what is the best course to take in the in- terests of the town.

Nothing could more surely point to the growth of Warrington and district than the steady rise in the value of assessments. During the past twelve months there has been an unprecedented increase in the rateable value of the Warrington tinion,ac- cording to the statement made by the Chairman of the Assessment Committee at the meeting of the Board of Guardians last week. At the commencement of the year the net rateable value ,of the Warrington Union. was £356,854 and it is now £379,290, or an increase of £22,406. The borough only forms a portion of the Union but its rateable value is considerably more than one half of the whole. At the present time the rateable ' value of the borough stands at £217,612 against that of £205,302 a year ago. It will therefore be seen that in Warrington alone there has been an increase of £12,310 in a single year, or roughly speaking, an increase of £l,OOO 1. month. This must be very gratifying. to all who are interested in the progress of \\ arrington. it is questionable whether any borough in the kingdom can show a like 'advance in rateable value. Few would care to predict that such an abnormal increase may be continuously looked forward to, but the outlook for Warrington as a great commercial centre is brighter than ever.

SOLO SINGING CONTEST AT WIDNES. At the third annual solo singing contest among the choir boys of St. Paul's Church, Widnes, the judges, Messrs. Branch, dandley and Lewis awarded che Ist prizo (which consisted of a silver medal presented by the National United Temperance Council, and a handsome prizebook, kindly given by Mr. Thomas Cooke, of Rua- corn) to Master John Hughes, Masters John William Marsh and George Davies won the 2nd and 3rd priz respectively. There were 12 contestants,each of whom sang the tnnperance sen;g "Ye who sing of EuEland's Glory," and a verse of his own selecting. The singing in most cases was very pleasing, and relle3ted groat credit en Mr William Cooke, A.R C. 0., who had pre- pareA all the boys. Other items were violin solo " Les Cloches de Corneuillie," Master El Dwerryhouse ; song, •‘ I are a Friar" (encored), Mr William E Smith, and the duett " Excelsior " by the two boys who won the medals in 1897 and 1838 respectively, Masters Horace Tableutt, and Frei J Lowe. This was entl4usias- tically encor id. The Vicar on the motion of Mr D J Brookes, seconded by Mr Case (the wardens of St Paul's Church) then presented Mr Cooke, organist and choir• master of St Paul's, on behalf of the congregation with a handsome cabinet set of Tennyson's poetical works, 23 volumes in all, handsomely bound in morocco. In the name of the officials and congregation he wished Mr. and Mrs. Cooke all happiness in their new life. He hoped When they looked at the faces of those books.they would remember the faces of their many friends in Wilnes,and when they opened the hosks they would think of the open hearts at St. Paul's, in which they had Se warm a place. Mr. Cooke suitably responded. Votes of thanks to the Vicar for presiding and the judges wef."! passed on the motion of Rev. J. Adams M.A., seconded by =tic?. R. E. Corlett. The Medical Profession recommend the moderate use of weWmatut, d POltr Wllsfli ha eases of Influenza. W. and A. GILI3I3Y have speciall7 selected the finest Wine from Oporto for this purpose and thus placed their 3,000 Agents in a position to supply their Invalid Port at 23. 64. per bottle 'very town —Advt. LINUM CATHATtTICIINI PILLS digestive, corre2.- Live, and agreeably aperient, 9,1 i., 13d.—Of all Chemists.—Advt,

THE NORTON RATE. On Monday, the Runcorn Magistrates sanctioned a poor rate of is in tlyi £ tor Norton Parish. The amount ta be realieel is £312 173 211. ACCIDENT AT WIDNES. On Monday Josepu Shaw, 14, Palin-street, a labourer, employed at Messrs Bolton's copper works, was admit- ted to the Accident Hospital, suffering tr.= burns on the arms and body, caused by his having slipped into a mould of liquid copper. RUNCORN COUNTY COURTp His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes presided at the Runcorn County Court, on Tuesdiy. There was no business of importance before the court. Tnere were 22 plaints;7 judgment summonses ; and one application un- der the Workingmen's Compensation Act, dealt with. INTER-VV ORES COMPETITION. Castner, Kellner, Employee met the Shop Assistants in the above competition on Wednesday evening, and a highly exciting contest was seen. The result was 5 points to two points in favour of the Castner, Kellner, Employee but for some unaccountable cause the game was stopped ten minutes before time, and the slaopmen leave lod,gad a protest. BAND OF HOPE UNION. The annual meeting of the Runcorn and District Band of Hope Union was held at Brunswick•street schoolro_m on Tuesday night. Rev. J. Osborne, 8.A., presided over , a large attendance. Address's were delivered by Mrs. Garnett, of Peaketh, and Mr. J. D. Jones, Runcorn. A programme of music was rendered by a choir of 100 children. The society embraces the whole of the Non- conformist Bands of Elope in the district, and has a membership of 1,301 GREAT FARM FIRE AT WESTON. On Wednesday night an extensive fire broke out on , the farm of Mr. Ralph Edwards, of Snape Farm, Weston. The Crewe Corporation Brigade were surnmaael and found ten large stacks of hay and stra.er well ablaze. It being almost hopeless to save them efforts were made to prevent the fire spreading to the adjoining buildings. • These were successful. The damage amounts to about £l,OOO.

ALLEGED SEIEEP STEALING AT NORTON. William Bradshaw and Thomas Bra Ishaw, father and Soc,of Bedford Leigb,Lancashire,were brought up at the Runcorn Police Court, on Friday morning charged before Mr. W. W. ratmins, J.P., with stealing a sheep the property of Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson, butchers. Warrington. irom Norton Park, on the 10% of April.— Cie rge Blackstock, shepherd, in the employ of Messrs. Singroten and Stephenson identified the sheep as the prepertv of his employers.—Prisoners denied the thstt, hut admitted picking up the sheep °M of the canal at Nerton.—P.C. Carrington gave evidence of their appre- hension at Lymrn •;on Thursday, and they wire re- manded until the 21st inst. (to-day). LOCAL CASES AT LIVERPOOL ASSIZES.

Oa Tues-d-a-57,--at-Llv-e-rp-o-01-A-S;u7s-,-before Sir A. B. For- wood, pmsiding, Anthony Mitchell (25), labourer, and Joseph Gayefski, were charged with having, at Widnes, on the 4th inst., waunded Harry Kaslovski. They pleaded guilty, and were ealb cammitted to gaol for a month—William n Smith (26), labourer, was indiete with other prisoners, with haying wounded Havy IS- loviki. at Widnes, on the 4th inst. He was found n9t guilty, and discharged.—YVilliain Butler (31), labourer, for having asiaulted James Cnaltners, at Widnes, on the 30th ult., was sent to prison for fourteen days. INSPECTION OF POLICE AT RUNCORN.

Oi Wednesday, the of the police force of the Rancons Division was held by Sir Herbert Croft, who was accompanied by the Chief Constable (Colonel Flannsriley). There were on parade Superin- tendent Pearson, Inspector Hicks, five sergeants and 21. constables. Having minutely inspected the clothing and acdoutrements of the men, Sir Herbert Croft, expressed satisfaction at their smart appearance. The men were then put through a csurs3 of drill by Inspector Hicks, which was well ezecutd. The inipecting officer also made a thorough examination of the police buildings and cells, and also overhauled the office books and found everything in a highly satisfactory condition. BURNING FATALITY AT WIDNES.

On Saturday-,--a-Ct.he-Wicii-e-s-l-c-cidental Hospital, Mr. S. Brighonse, county coroner, held an inquest upon the body of Ellen Day, aged six, 10, Cliffe-street, who died on Thursday from the effects of burns.—d.nnie Abbot Day, mother of deceased, said that she left the house on Thursday morning about 10 a.m. to do some shopping. When she returned, she foamd the child in flames, and Mrs. Whorton, a neighbour, trying to extinguish them. Witness rendered assistance and the fire was put out. The deceased had been left with her brother Wiliiant in the kitchen.—Mary Ann Whorton said she beard screams about 10 a.m. and saw the child rush out of the house with its night-dress in flames. She put them out, with the assistance of the mother. Witness ask sd deceased how her nightdress had caught fire, and the child slid that she was standing near the fire and it got ablaze.—Annie Yage, a nurse at the hog- pita!, said deceased was admitted about eleven a.m. on Thursday, minting from burns on the face, neck, arms, legs, and body. It was a very bad case. Tue child die iat 5A5 p.m. the same day. The girl said she had been playing with a piece of lighted stick, and it caught her nightdress when she was not looking, and she ran out of the house.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." MERSZT MISSION TO SEAMEN. - .

On Tuesday evening last at the men's Instituto, one of the most enjoyable concerts of the season was held under the presidency of Mr. J. B. De:any M.D., supported by Captain George Heasley, aid Mr. 1. K. Diege;res (local secretary). and Mr. W. S saw (missionary). I' he night was sent apart for Irish music and in presence and to the evident satisfaction, of a select and appre- ciative audience the followine programme was gone through :—Sertg, "The Irish Emigrant " Mr Doo,kery ; song," Come back to Erin," Miss Eiwards; corset sole, Mr. T. Knight; duet, mandoline and piano, "Selection Irish airs." The Misses Dieges ; fairly bells, " Selection Irish airs," encored. Mr. Olsen ; comic song, " Mc :or- ' snack," encored, Mr. Parker ; song, "She wore a wreath of roses," Mr. Doceery ; pianoforte selection, " Songs of Ireland," Miss Kate Riley ; soaz. " By the Sad Sea Waves," Miss Edwards ; e ong, " Katie Muldoon," en- cored, Mrs. Heasley ; song, " Terence s Farewell," Mr. Dockery; comic song, " Mr. Michael Murphy," encored Mr. Parker; violin solo, "Irish airs introducing an Irish Reel," Mr. T. Coleman. The usual votes of thanks were unanimously passel to the ladies and gentlemen tak- ing part in the concert and also to the chairman. DR. BARNMIDO'S Hoesss."

Special meeting; on bihalf of the above Homes arm to be held in Freqsharn and Riincorri next week. The founder of these grand institutions that have done so much good for the Waifs a-id Strays of the Kingdom commenced his life's work 'hirty-two years ago in Sten- ney, and since then over 35,000 post wastrels, chiefly orphans, thrown on the cold mercy of the world, have passed through the Barnard° Homes, and been educate and trained to fill useful positions in life. At present there are 5,000 children in the Homes and Branches. Dr. Bernardo is zarrying on a truly national wsrk, and de- serves the practical sympathy and support of all who have the interests of children at heart. What he has saved to the country at large by his successful reclama- tion of waifs is beyond computation. and WA therefore invite attention to our advertising columns, and trust that the cordial support of the residents of both places will be given to the meetings. Farther particulars will be found in our advertising columns. PRESENTATION TO THE REV CANON WOOD.

On Sand v;7 afternoon the members of Mr. W. E. D al- ley's Bible Class presented the Rev. Canon Wool with a hanissiseely-framed enlargement of a photograph of the class. The presentation WVI male by Mr. Dudley, who eKor ?swd the hopes of himself and the class, that the vicar might be ton.; spared to carry on his work in Ran- som, an i that the photoeraph might be a pleaing memento to him.—Canon acceotingthe present, egpressed his sincere thauks for their beautiful gift, which, he could assure them, he would always treasure very highly. He also thanked them for their liberal con- trihutions to the clergy fund, and said it was very en- souragiug to the clergy to find that their young men appreciated what was done for them by the clergy. lie was !particularly pleased to think of the excetlent augury which the class furnished for the future of the churcip in Runcorn. and he hoped that none of them would ever be ashamed to call themselves members of the Church ()- Ragland.

MILTON CHURCH P.S.A.

' The mud weelli;-m—e-et—in of this society was held on Sunday afternoon in the Milton Church, Widnes. The chair was taken by Mr T Harrison, who gave a few appropriate remarks on "Temptation," and which was received with great attention. Two very effective solos were sung by Mrs Hague, which were highly apprecia- ted. The president (Rev J Pedlar) delivered a most excellent address on •' Recreation," showing that it was a necessity of life, but it was apt to be overdone. In- stead of being a benefit it proved a great source of dan- ger and harm. A good meeting wit; closed with the Benediction.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE

An interesting meetinl of the above society was heH on Saturday evening. Mr. Thomas Coke oceupi-d the chair. Mr. Samuel M. Temperley, of Losta3k, was accorded a hearty welcome by tha chairman. In a short address, Mr. Temperley referred with satis:action to his 20 years' connection with the order. They had not always had smooth sailing, but solid work had been done. He was proud to be identified with the temp 'r- anee cause. Mr. Thomas Cooke (chairman) than gave the auditor's report, and, among other things, said that during the quarter they hal paid £33 174 61 to sick members, and £2O hai been paid on account of the deaths of a member and a member's wife. They now numbered 301 adults. The cadets were a's) in a flourish- ing condition. Sixteen members had been initiated mak- ing a total of 90 members. To had been transferred to the adult order. The funds in hand amounted to £lll 18s 91.

EXPLOSION AT A WIDNES CHEMICAL Wonics.—A. FOOTBALLER SEVERELY _INJURED._

An explosion of sulphuric mil oceurred on Friday afternoon at Hutchinson's works of the United Alkali Company, inflicting terrible injuries about tha face of a young man named Olver Hes' T. whilst three other men were also slightly injured. Heston who resides at Wavertree, was a your:g and promising chemist,and was engaged on a new sulphuric acid process, when a bottle containing some of the finished product exploded in his face, the upper portion being very much burnt. Bath eyes are affected by the s.cid,which w is of great strength and it is doubtful whether the sight of one will nat suffer, if it is not lost. He was taken to the Liverpool Eye Infirmary. Heaton wis well known throughout the north of Englind in Rugby foothill circles. This season tie took part In the county trial march, with the result that he was chosen to play against Yorkshire at Salford. Fia figured in the front rank of the IVidnes team, and was consespently vary well-known in the district. His name had been put on the list to play TyWesley last Saturday.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CHARACTER SKETCHES.

BY " Q.E.F.D."

Every inhabitant from the cynic to the gay,from the sage to the clown, will admit that Runcorn possesses a somewhat unique specimen of the bom- bastic type of individual. It is almost an insult to the intelligence of my readers to remind them there is a certain class ot men—limited enough I am happy te say or life would soon become unbear- able—who stint and fret their little span of exis- tence in the vain endeavour to ride the "high hors.e " over everyone. Naturally a stranger would not fail to note the urbane manner which is cul- tivated to a degree surprising and wonderful. Thera you have politeness personified if it is thought nothing can be lost and something may be gained by adopting such a manner. 'Tis a fatherly win- some smiling greeting that is extended all round. Who and what is be? Well neither Goliath nor Tom Thumb. He is not tall, neither is he short of stature. The first impression—which in this in- stance would be the worst—would doubtless be that he was a typical English squire: A short,well- set figure; benignant countenance and bland look heighten such an impression and partly convey the idea that he was a simple country man fresh from 80018 rustic village with a blissful ignorance of the ' busy city life. But this allusion is dispelled, as those who have had business dealings with this gentleman are aware. Indeed his shrewdness and far-sightedness are developed to an extent almost impossible to beat. Someone has said" It is a bad thing when a man knows he is clever !" It is quite true. Such per- sons will generally thrust their opinions most dis- agreeably before others because of this supposed ability. It is so in the present case. Undoubtedly he is the Sir Oracle of Runzorn society. When he opens his mouth, what right has anyone to chal- lenge the words of wisdom which fall therefrom. It will thus be gathered he is an übiquitous person, buoyed up with the idea that the cessation of his labours in the civic (if not the ecclesiastic) policy 'of the town would bring the whole to a sudden standstill. Well he has grounds far this opinion, and as a strong minded son of Runcorn deserves due honour. But one in loving him mast also love ' his peculiarities,and the greatest of Viese is " bom- basticism." Should you meet him in the street, the club, the football field, anywhere or even by acci- dent, you would know him. • BPIalt&X. Be man's station what it may. Some obtrusive display Of character. remains through thin an! thick. Yet of all the horrid traits; There's nothing that so grates As being " Bombastic."

===== 0002601_18990421_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON PARCSEI COUNCIL.

THE ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the Halton Parish Cluncil was held at the Girls' Schoolroom, Halton, on Wednesday evening. Thee were present :—Meisrs R Hugh,.s (in the chair), J Stokes, J Mannering, J S Jeacock,A.Povey, J Astbury, J Looker, S Barrow, G Hulme, J Ackerley, W Moores, and A Woodier (clerk).

===== 0002601_18990421_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CE/LIIIMAN.

.. - - On the prooosnion of 'Mr. Barrow, seconded by Mr. J. S:olces. Mr. Joseph Marinading wss unanimously elected chairman of the Council for the ensuing year. Mr. Joseph Mannering on taking the chair thanked them for ail honour they had conferred upon hint by unanininuely electing him their chairman. It would be his endeavour to work harmoniously and amicably with the Council.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VICE-CHLTEM&NSECIP.

Mr. J. 5. Jeacook said he should like to propose. as vice-oh ii moan, the name of one who had been connected with the Council from too coin neacement, and one who had always done all in his power to conduct the business of the Council in a straightforward manner. He alluded to their friend Me. Looker. (Hear, hear.) He thought they could not d 9 better than elect him as vice-chairman. Mr. Looker was oie woo was well able to follow in the steps of At. Mannering. Mr. Ackerley seconded, and the motion was unania mously agreed to.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THLNES.

Mr. Jeacock prlposed a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Hu4hea (their retiring chairman). Since their inceptiln they had had a succes;ioa of chairman, but no le better than Mr. Hughes. He had always acted fairly and in a manner t 3 receive their support. (Hear, hear.) Not that they were given t quarrelling—but Mr Huzhes had held the balance* evenly and fairly and they had always agreed t) his de7.isions; He prop )s ad that a hearty vote of thanks be given t Mr. Hughes. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Aatbury 53c00ded ant the vote was heartily aceirded.

Mr. Hughes in response tenderAd 'his hearty thanks to tha Council for its thanks. Hs) had only dons what every other man in the same rnsition wluld have done. When be was arpointed chairman of the Ciuncil he was a little erect and surprised for just at the time he was lying ill. Whm he found that he had been elected whilit he was absent he thought that the members of the Coun- cil had a kindly feeling towa-ds hirn,and that made hula appreciate the honmr all the more. He thanked turn all heartily. (Iliar, hPar.)

===== 0002601_18990421_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TI i FUTURE OF ASTMOCIR BRIDGE.

The Cie7k read the following letter. which had been received in reply to the Council's letter calling attention to the state ot Astmuor Bridge " Church-street. Ruacarn. Minh 30th—Dear sir, I am perfec4ly conscious of the dangsrous and thoroughly unsatisFactory cendition of this structure, and shall be most Pleased to assist your Council towards having it remedied. lam net on the Bridges Committee (Nfr. Spetknean is), but will acuaint those who ere with the need for improvernen;.-1 am sir, yours faithfully Edwin Itnison.” Mr. Stokes lis moat satisfactory. Nit. Looker : Tenling in the right direction. Mr.lStokes : Yes I Cho question of the Bridge is offar more ineportanee to Halton than anywhere else.

APPOiNTHENT OF OveasEgas.

The Clark said the retiring overseers were Messrs H Rowe and J k3ker!e7. Re had had a conversation with Nfr Rowe. anl wis given to un i!rstand that. he would be unable to reai the offi :9 any longer owing to hia failing health. Ile (the eerk) had lokd uo the books and found that NI:. flew had held otfi :a for 25 years last March. _ _ .

Mr. Robert flu-v-ps moved that Councillors Ackerley ani Jeicck be electod overseers for the ensuinz year. Mr. Jetcock asked that someone &so take the pssition. Thore was Mr. AarAilry ? was of opinion Lust the larze ratepayer should hold that position.

Mr. Robert Haghes contended ihtt theta was no one better fitted to hold the post than Mr. Jeacock whose knowledge of the pa-ish of 11::lt on was be;ter than that of anyone else. At the same time he had all the respect Possible for M. Astburv, but was sure he would waive his right in favour of Mr. Jeacock. Mr. Jeacock sublequsntly said he would act for 12 in nt ha. Mr. Stokes sail he was very E.,131 of that. Mr. lea- cock was no stranger to them and oil whom they could trust, which was a 5./.reat point in an overseer. Toe proposition was then carried nem. con. Mr. Stokei thought it would not be right to allow the retirement of Mr. Rowe to pass by unnoticed. He thought i':, ought to go front that Council that they ten- dered Mr. Rowe their he trtiest thanks for the work he bad done so loag and so honourably ; and further he proposed that th.y should write expressing their thanks and sympathising with him in his present illness. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Looker seconded and the motion was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE CONIIIITTEES.

The wh-de of the Count'.:fA,i of thl Coancil were re- appointed on the rn3tion uf M:. Stokes, seconded by Mr. .kerley. TELE CONDITI )N or BALTON CEMETERY. _ _ _ _

Mr. Poyey a.skeci what prozress had been made in the straightening and improvement., of the C3metery ? Mr. Moores said he was pleased to be able to report that the work had ben done at last, and:in a very satio- factory manner. He had been down there during the we,k and saw it was very straight. It was certainly fit for anyone to go and look at now. (Hear, hear.) Considerable discussion ensuel as to the payment to the sexton of any sum for " extra wiirk." It was stated that the sexton had been prorn,sed something extra for putting all the ron2ll graves in order ; but once they were in order he would have to keep them so. Mr. S. Barrow considerel that it was a pecluiar Rua- tion to be in. They gave the sexton a salary of £5, or something like it, a year for keeping the Cemetery tidy. If ha did not do his work the rough graves accumulated, and they were going to give him extra far putting them straight. Mr. iickerley and Mr. Moores pointel out that the place was very untiir and that the sexton had been promised something extra, and the matter was allowed to drop.

`• LINSEED COMPOUND " (Trade Mark) gives Ex• pectoration without strain, 90.. 13s. Sold by Chemists only, —A dvt.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRIC r

COUNCIL. -- ANN UAL MEETING.

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN. The annual meeting of the Runcorn Urban Dis:rict Council was held at the Town Hall, on Wednesday morn- ing. The chief business was the election of chairman and vice-chairman. There were present :—Messrs. J. W. Lightburn (in the chair), F. Wiswall, W. Handley, J. Wilson, W. Collier, W. J. Grice. E. Gatley, n. Walton, George Hewitt, F. Dean, T. Bishrown, M. J. Sweetman, T. Joues, with Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), Mr. E. Mar- shall (secretary), and James Wilding (surveyor). Tne constitution of the Board has undergone a slight change, Mr. S. Walton being present as the representative of Newton Ward, and t iking his seat for the first time. Mr. J. W. Lightburn intimated according to the cus- torn prevailing in the Board for some years—(the mem- bers having resat prior to that meeting)—with the general if not the unanimous consent of the members of the Council, he proposed Mr. F. Wisvrall as chairman. Mr. Wiswall was so well known to them that he need not add anything, but merely make the proposition. Mr, J. Wilson in seconding said he had known Mr. Wiswall for many years. He was a gentleman who cams from the ranks of the working-dlasses as generally understood. Mr. Wiswall would fill the position with honour to himself and credit to the tovra. (Hear, hear.) ' There had been in the chair a numb 3r of gentlemen it would be difficult to follow,and on that ground he wished to express sympathy with Mr. Wiswall. (Hear, hear.) There were now some reckless democrats to rule over— (laughter)—and he hoped that their chairman would exercise that kindness and indulgence towords them that ' had been ex.,:eadcd fr,m the chair in the past. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Wilson) was sure that the chairman could depend upon the help acd co-operation of everyone around that Board in the discharge of his duties, which las hoped he would have health and strength to carry on. (Hear, hear.) 12Mr. E. Gatleyi wiEhesi to observe that there was one thing abut which no was sorry and that was the un- satisfactory attendances. Still he felt sure that Mr. Wiswall would mak a splendid chairman for he bad not oaly risen from the ranks bat was well aware of their requirements. (Hear, hear.) Mr. F. Wis wall, rising, made a personal explanation. When the last annual meeting was held, and the ques- tion of toe formation of committees was discussed, it was resolved,as they would remenaber,that all the mem- bers of the Board be the memlocr3 of the several com- mittees.. At that time he had contended ha was opp )3ed to such a procedure and failed to see why any membe should be put upon any committee against his will. H also stated that he refused to act upon three of the com- mittees which was the explanation of his small atenct- ances. .

Mr. J. W. Lis,,htburn thought he neei not dwell upon the excellence and ti:ness of Mr.Wiswall for the position as he was so well known ; and his works is connection with the Victoria-road Sol and Technical School en- titled him to the gratitudeof the people of Runcorn. The motion was put and carried unanimously. Mr. J. W. Lightbern, in formally conveying to Mr. Wiswall the fact that he was their elected chairman, said be was quite sure he was right in surmising that every individual member of the Council, extended to him their hearty support. They hoped that Mr. Nis- wall would have strength and health to serve in the position and that his term of office would be m rked with peace and prosperity to the. town of Runcorn. (Hear. hear.) Mr. Wiswall having taken the chair, and put on the chain of office, said he did not expect that leonour con- ferred upon hint. He must thank them for the very great honour they had done him in electing him chairman of that Board. He had been chairman before; but it was during the time of the Beard of Commissioners. He considered, however, that being elec:;ed under such a representative governmert carried with it—in his own opinien—more weight (hear, hear)— and he appreciated it greatly. He could assure then he would do his utmost to uphold the honour con- ferred upon him. He had a little more knewledge and experience than he had before ; and whatever deficiency 'he had had before he hoped to correct that time. He was aware of and recognised those defects, but to know one's own defects was a great secret of success. (Hoar, hear.) He would endeavour to hold the balance evenly and correctly, and hoped they would hold with him as he had a way of speaking sometimes that was perhaps abrupt and appeared personal, whilst it was not so at a'!, only a way he had. They might rely upon it he would always do his utmost to increase the prosperity of the town. (Hear, hear.) Indeed he thought he had that as much at heart as anyone, as he had spent some _ . .

of his younger days in the town and had some regard for it, and bad a heartfelt desire for the improvement and prosperity of the town and hop.d it would grow and prosper during his period of office. lie again thanked them for the honour. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. Lightburn said ha did not know whether it was the proper time to refer to it, but he did think at that or some future time they should pass a vote of thanks to their late chairman. Anyway he should not like the occasion to pass over without some reference Yet perhaps they would have anoth!r and better oppor- tunity of thanking Mr. S. Taylor: Mr. Wiswall said it was his intention to have done so, only upon occasions of that kind sometimes one got as- tray. It seemed lc, was the right and proper thing to do and he had great pleasure in moving a hearty veto of thanks to Mr. Taylor (their late chairman). Mr. Samuel . . _

Taylor hadoccupied the chair for the last two years with honnur and credit to the position. (Hear, hear.) It woule not he an easy matter to follow him, though per Banally he would do his best. He did think it was their duty to extend to Mr. S Taylor a very hearty vote of thanks for his services whilst conducting the business of the chair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. Wilson had great pleasure in seconding. In proposing Mr. Taylor to take the chair some two years ago. he was one of the individuals who waited upon Mr. Taylor and showed to him that it was the bounden duty of every gentleman called upon by the will of the ratepayers to take up a position of that character. Mr. Taylor very strongly objected to taking the chair at the tire.; and it was only after very great pressure from the members of the Council that he did eventually take it. Havine taken it they were aware how well he filled it. (Hear, hear.) He was sure there was not one of them who did not feel a pride ad i pleasure in Mr. Taylor. (ft ar, hear.) It certainly would be a very difficult thing to follow a man such as Mr. Taylor, with his big heart, large sympathy, and wile charity. (Hear,hear.l OF course Mr. Taylor had been very generous—and he had hint the means to he so—hut he (the speaker) was not referrine to that now. Mr. Taylor had been very considerate and kind throughout the whole town, and was interested in everything that concerned the bus. fleas of it. He had lent a willing ear to them at all times, and if there was any counsel to be obtained from him he was ever willing to give it. And that too not in a rough and ready fashion ; but he would listen to all very att.ntively and give it his very careful thought and consideration. They had also had the benefit of his ex- n.rience—which was no small one. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wilson thought it was as little as they could do to record the fact of their thankfulness to Mr. Taylor for the very kind, generous and affable way he had fulfilled the duties as their chairman for the past two years. He had very great pleasere in seeondine. (Elearetear.) Mr. D. Bishrown stated he had pleasure in associat- ing his name with the vote of thanks. Mr. Taylor had always been most courteous in the chair,and he admiral the straightforward and hoeourable way he had worked for the people. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. E. Gatlev else wished to add honenrwh.re honour was due. He not only knew how well Mr. Taylor had filled the chair, but he could testify to the great deal that he had done outside that had drawn towards him the workingmen of the town, and on their behalf he wiahed to thank him for that. (Hear, hear.) The vote of thanks to Mr. Taylor was unanimously car -led. Mr. F. Wiswall observed that he truly deserved it He proposed Mr. S. Taylor as the Vice-Cbairpaan cf the Ceancil in accordance with the WIWI! Custom. If they would be good enough to appoint Mr. Taylor they would be conferring a great favour upon himself, and he would have a most worthy supporter and one whose ability to act in his absence was well-known. Mr. M J. Sweetman seconded with pleasure. Mr. T Dean observel that he had the honour of pro- nosing Mr. Taylor's name in committee. tie censidered Mr. Taylor was an Veal chairman and one who therouehly understood the constitution of the Council. Mr. D. Bisbrown whilst seeing fevoerahl a to the pros position, which was founded upon a precedent estab- lished by the Council Some four years no that the reeir- ine chairman be elected vice-chairman,expressed a wish that it would be better to elect anether member to the post ef vice-^hairman. However he did not wish to prepare an ramendinent,but was sorry that the precedent had been created some four years ago. The proposition was unanimously crrried. THE COMMITTEES. Mr. T. Dean pronosed that all the standing commit- tees of the Council be composed of all the members of the Council, which would give all an opportunity of tak- in a ahare in the wo k of the town. Mr. J. H. Grice seconded, and it was agreed to. Mr. W. Handley proposed the re-election of the Tech- nical Instruction Committee' with the exception of Mntsre Davies and Kay and Mr. J. R. Frith, and that Messrs. W. J. Cunninham and John Littler be electeet in the place of the first named, and as he understood from Mr. Frith that his infirmity precluded him from aatendine meetings, h. prnnesed that the vacancy be filled by the election of Mr Friths son Mr James Frith. By that arrangement they would be having the whole o the members of the School Board assisting in the @ducal tien of the town. Mr. George Elewitt seconded and the proposition was aereed to. The committee now consists of the following gentlemen :—Sir John Brunner. Bat., M.P.. Rev Canon Wnod,WP4rs. 5 HandleseW Hankinsen, J Flolt,W Meese. A R Norman, J.P., T J Norman, 3.P., R H Posnett, R Moston,Rawlinson. J Sa.rle,J Turntull,W J Cunningham, JLittler, James Frith, with the mrinbers of the lartan District Council. Mr. D.Bisbrown proposed that the following be elected

; the Library Committee i—Meisrs D Bi3brown, H G Grice, W Handley, E Imison, G Ii Kirkham, M J Sweet-, man, S Taylor, W J Cunningham, W Haukinson, R Norman, R El Poitnett, T Riley, S Pope, F Hu'Ac>,), and the liziv Canon Woo;.1, seven of whom were rnemberli of the Council. _ _

Mr. W. flaullev seconded, and made an appeal to the members that they wou!cl show a greater iaterest in the work of the Free Library. It would look at the present as if the members cared very little tor the litcrary educa- tion of the town.

The Chairman questioned whether the inattention was as bad as was made out. He did not want to start another hare, but h 3 saw no reason why the Technical and Library Committee could not be one. Mr. Handley and Mr. F. A. Lake (clerk), said that the basiuess of the two Committees was distinct.

The proposition was agreel to. At the close a special meeting of the Council was held, and on the motion of the chairman the following re iolu• :ion was unanimously passed :—" That the tanner of 'Moms. Wallis and Steavens for the supply of a boiler for the team road roller be accepted."

===== 0002601_18990421_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES,

[BY A COIiIIESPONDENT.]

The result of the election of Chairman to the Dis trict Council has come as a surprise to most pt.ople. No one is sorry or regrets nat Mr. Wiswall has been appointed; but the generality of the public were unaware that he was a candidate for the honour. Mr. Wiswall is highly respected and well-known, and is very popular with the working classes of the community, and we may feel certain of general and hearty support.—The vice-chairmanship was con- ferred upon the retiring chairman (dr. S. Taylor) according to a custom prevailing. Mr. T ,ylor is so well-known for his genuineness in all thing.; per- taining to the welfare of the town that his name has become practically a household word in Runcorn.

The Runcorn Free Church Council is afloat ! The inaugural meeting was held on Monday evening last at St. Paul's Weslel au Church, and the move- ment was well received—though general disap- Pointment was felt at the absence of Mr. Robert Veitch, M A., of Liverpool. The policy of the Free Church Council was clearly defined, and an assur- ance was given that it was not in any sense what- ever to be considered as a political organisation. This should be sufficient to give the lie to those who consider it an outcome of the late SchoDl Board Election. The success of the Council will remain in the hands of those Fres Churchmen who have the courage of their convictions and as they are many and enthusiastic there is a happy augury of some- thing tangible forthcoming. Toe solidifying of the interests ot the Free Churches in itself sufficiently merits of the Council's existenceowithout taking its poliey into consideration at all.

The action of the Gusrdians, in the matter of the rmfaal of the " Rising Sun Lodge of Odd- fellows," to pay contribution towards the mainten- ance of one of their members—as an inmate of the workhouse—has awakened a wide spread interest in Friendly Society's circles. Endeavours to em- body such a rule as that which has been so soundly abused by the Guardians, in other friendly societies are now on foot, and the ultimate result will doubt- less be that no friendly societies will be swelling the coffers of the Guardians at the end of another twelve months. Truly, "the stone has re- bounded."

At the meeting of the Halton Parish Council held last Wednesday evening,Mr Joseph Hannering was unanimously elected chairman, and Mr J Looker vice-chairman. The question of Astmoor Bridge came up for discussion and Mr Woodier (the clerk) read a letter received from Mr E Imison C C, stating he would take steps to bring the matter before the notice of those members of the County Council wha have the roads and bridges under their control. Considerable satisfaction was expressed at the reply.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORY OF £l.O NOTE.

A SAILOR COMMITTED TO THE ASSIZES. "HOODWINKING A RUNCORN TRADESMAN."

At the Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. F. J. Nnrman on Thursday tn3rning, John Carke, alias John fi)oney an old offender, was chargei nn remand with ste din _

£3105., the monies of Arnold Unsworth, on the llth April.

_ Prisoner pleaded not guilty. Arnold Unsworth, seamen's outfitter, residing at Waterloo-road, Runcorn, said on Monday the 10th of April the prisoner called at his shop in Waterloo-read, and in the course of a co eversatioa he had with him said "He had got a lot of money and would call the next day and spend £3 with him." Witness did not see prisouer again until he called at one o'clock the next day, saying he hed come to spend the £3. Witness asked him into the kitchen. . Prisoner said " What ere you drink- ing?" and at the same time asked witness for a butte. He went out and in the course of a few minutes rsturnel with a shilling's worth of whisky, and they both had a drink together. Daring the conversation which folowed prisoner told witness he was a painter and decorator, and worked for a Mr Green, in Church-street, Rancor, i and that his wages were ii per hour. He said he was going to sea for a voyage and wanted a goad outfit. Subsequently prisoner gave him an order for a pair of sea boots, an oilskin coat, two rugs, two • suits of Pungarees, three shirts, a suit of clothes, two pairs at drawers, a dozen towels, and four or six pairs of socks. 1 Having examined the articles he expressed hitneelf pleased With them, and else ordered two boxee of San- light Soap. Prisoner then pulled a paper out of his pocket which he held in his hand, and said "this is a ' £lO note, will you make out your bill?" Witness made out a bill (produced) and handed it to the prisoner. The articles came to £6 lOs 101. Prisoner then said, "0, you will want to put a stamp on it," and witneas said he had not got cue. Prisoner then said "give me the £3 104 change, and I will go and fetch a stamp?" addine be would be back in a minute. Witness gave him the £3 10 in gold, whereupon pris met left the shop. That would be about 2.43 p.m. and wit- ness waited until 3 p.m. but he di I not return. Oa making inquiries at the Bridgewater Arms, witness de- cide' to give information to the police. Witness did not see the prisoner asain until he saw him at the Polies Station at 10 a.m. on Wednesday the 12th inst.—The paper produced looked like the one he sheaved to him on the 11th last, and which prisoner said was the £lO note. Witness's eyesight WAS not very good and he usually wore glasses but he had not them on at the time prisoner showed him the paper.—Cross-examined by the nrieoner Mr. Unsworth stuck to his statement. Prisoner did holvey7r say he was going on a voyage to Marseilles from Runcora or something to the en'. Richard Jones, lawilord of the " Bridgewater Arms Hotel," Gilbert-street. Ruecore, said about 3 o'clock os the afternoen of the day in qleatioe the prisoner came to his house awl called for a glass of beer and also for a stamp. He gave them te him. Prisoner tsndered half a crown in payment and received the change from witnese. Prisoner drank part of the beer and threw the other en the floor then walked out in the direction of Weston Point, going down Perci- val's-lane. His hooso was about 60 or 70 yards from Mr. Percival'e and the prisoner would he vine is an op- posite direction to Perciva.l's shop. Prisoner acknow- ledged being in the public-house ; but had an idea that he treated eomebody t) a drink.

?Ain Constable Sunia I Gregory, stated ttiat in conse- qu,ince of instruttions received he weet to Wiiincs at 4.30 p.m, on the 11th of April, for the purpose of mak- ing inquiries about the prisoner, and at about eight o'clock the rams night received him in cus- tody from the Widrris poice. Prisoner was searched ia the nresence oil Superintendent Pearson and himself an] £l6m was found on him in silver and copp9x alzo the pure and seaman's discharge (produced), Re was brought over to Hincorn Po ice S:ati la aid the warrant was r qa-1 over to Jim charging him with steal- ing., 103 the money of Arnold Unsay nth. In answer to ths charge prisoner said " B-he old man I know that I did it, it was through the wit° ten Tears ago." Prisoner said it trtic.Tht he quite true that he said that to the constable he was a little the worse for drink. J)hta Clarke When he was He (10 admit that h. was arrest .d by two of the Widnes policemen he was paving an old woman some money he owed her, and had plenty of money.

The rnigigtrAti,s' Clerk havinz rear' over the commit- tal charg,o, mked prisoner whether ho desireA to giv3 evidence.

Prismer said : "Itis no use saying anythinr; at at here. I pleal not guilty to stealing the money and had no such intention."

Prisoner was than cantrnittel to the Assizes to be held at Knutstord in July.

MISSIONARY MEETING AT BRUNSWICK

The half-yearly missionary -meeting was held on Sun. day afternoon under the presidency of Mr. William Kirkham, at the Wesleyan Sunday Sehool. There was a large attendance. After a suitable addres from the Chairman, Mr. P3vah (the secretary) presentel his re- port, which showed that the ameunt collec'ed from the class and other sources for the half-year was £33 17s 1. Addresses were delivered by Mr. VVilliam Unsworth and the Rev, John H. Willington, of Rotherham, who had served as a missionary and had charge of a training: college on the West Cost of Afrisq for three or four years. The latter gentleman imr2arted a mass of interest- in information on foreign missionary work. The meet- ing concluded with the nzual vote of th.nks.

ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAMEIiS from. LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORE every WRDNICSDAT.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

IT is a Aingular fact that red is made from madder, and chat bulls are made madder by red. Minister: I once performed three wedding cere- monies in twelve minutes. Miss Saylor: Thab was at the rate of fifteen knots an hour.

" WHY do you laugh at his jokes? It isn't pos- .sible you understand them, is it t" "No ; but if I didn't laugh he'd try to explain them." SMITH; "Is young Flyingwellge practising taw?" William: "I think not. He was called to ths bar, but I think he is practising economy." UNTIL a man -begins habitually to look out for Number One he never realises what a lot of other people are following the same idea. MOTHER "Goodness, Tommy, won't yeti over learn to be a good boy." Tommy (with confidenee) : "Yes, when I'm growed up." Mns. TWICKENHAM : "Will you have a piece of pie, Willie?" 'Willie Slitnson : " Yes'm (lookinl at the piece), to start with."

TILLIE : " I see you've gotten rid of those dis- agreeable neighbours. How did you manage it?" Willie: "Bought a cornet." BROWNE : "Who wrote Birds of a Feather Flock Together'?" Towne: "Some idiot who had never been out shooting." CASTLETON : "Here comes my tailor, old man." -Clubberly : "Shall we walk across the street?" "No; let's run." SHE: So you don't like the hat just in front of us? How wouid you like it trimmed? He (savagely): With a lawn mower. " poßak must have suffixed some terrible dis- appointaient. One never sees her smile now. What is the matter?" "Two front teeth pulled." _

"Tuts is a giddy world," said Bangle. "Well, and why not?" put in Moodles. "You'd be giddy if you did as much twirling as the world does."

BREATIILES3 IiUNTER : "I say, boy, did you see a fox run by here?" Boy: "Yes, sir." Hunter: _" How long ago?" Boy: "It'll be a year last Christmas ! '

No comedian can make so laughable a face as that made by the small boy when he brings the jelly jar down from the pantry shelf, and discovers it to be full or ten penny nails. MR. 13LoRsoN : "My daughter has such a cold that she can't sing a note," Mrs. Dobson: "That's good. Say, bring her around to spend the evening at our house, won't you?" "No, sah, you doan' cotch dis yer darky liben in a town whar .dP.r's no other coloured folks." "Why so, Uncle Ben." "Ca'ze when dar's any chick ens stole (ley knows right whar to cum." 'YouNG JONES: What sort of a crop did you get from that field—has it made good ,hay ?—Farmer: flay? Why, bless yer, zur, Oi doan't trouble n-titch about it. A crop o' them advertisement boards pays Oi much better." Miss. BOARDEM "How do you find the chicken soup, Mr. Boarder?" Mr. Boarder: "I have no difficulty in finding the soup, madam, but I am in- clined to think the chicken Will be ab)e to prove an alibi."

HICKS: "I think I should bring up my boy to !Wow the sea for a livelihood." Dix: "Why have you settled on that ? " Hicks: "It seems to be the only industry in which one is not expected to begin at the bottom." YOUNG LADY (to partner) : I suppose you are very fond of dancing. Mr. Brown ?—Brown (who prides himself on his waltzing): Passionately. Young Lady: I thought so! I wonder you don't learn.

" Aw," he drawled, gazing at her costume' blankly; "one can't be sure nowadays that a per- son is a man just because that—aw—person wears twousers." "No," she returned, tersely, looking him over sharply; "one can't." Miss PASSEE "I accepted Dick Bradford last night." Miss Yonnge : " Yes, I expected it." Miss Passee : " Why ?" Miss Younge "Because, when I refused him, he said the next time he would propose to some one old enough to know her own mind."

EXASPERATED FATHER (to extravagant son): "You have no consideration for my pocket. Are you asVare, sir, that it. costs me five hundred a year to enable you to study at college?" Son (sympa- thetically) : "What a beastly shame I I assure you I study as little as possible." Oth GENTIIMAN (in omnibus, to young man who has not vacated his seat to accommodate a lady) (severely) "When I was young, sir, I would have got up and given the lady my seat:" Young Man: "Then, sir, I am sorry to see that you have lost your politeness with your youth. VERY LIVELY. —Two tourists are resting in an apple orchard after a long day's walk in the coun- try. let Tourist: How the trees seem to moan and sigh in the evening breeze. 2nd Tourist: Very likely. If you were as full of green apples as those trees are, I expect you'd moan and sigh, too.

NOT QUITE FAIL —When Wilberforce was rector of Brightstone, in the Isle of Wight, he was waited on by an old farmer, who much wished to rent the glebe land. " Why ?" asked Wilber- force. "Well," said the old man, "when t'other parson was here he used to farm it hisself, and, there being little of it, he always got in his hay before anybody else. Then he clapped on the prayer for rain 1"

BARK AND BIT& —A welcome visitor rang at his host's hall door bell, when a little dog ran out sud- denly and bit him very severely in the calf of the leg. Immediately afterwards the door was opened by the host in person. "Ah ; you're very welcome. So glad to see you. Don't mind my dog; his bark is much worse than his bite, dear boy ! Visitor: "Oh, is it? I hope to goodness, then, he won't bark t "

A POLICEMAN'S OPINION OF THE GERMAN Em- PEROII.—An English gentleman was walking with a friend Unter den Linden. and in the course of a discussion on the Kair.,ei's conduct committed a grievous error of Majestats-Beleidigung. "The Emperor's a fool," he exclaimed, whereupon an English-speaking police officer tapped him on the shoulder, and said, "You must come mid me to ze police-station." "What for?" asked the Eng- lishman. "Mein herr did call ze Kaiser a fool," replied the man. No, no," urged the 'cute Briton, "It was the Russian Emperor I was talking about. "Dat will not wash," went on the constsble ; " dere is no Emperor a fool except the German Emperor." After which the police officer and the Englishman parted on good terms.

AN ARITHMETIC PROBLEM.—At a school ex- amination one of II.M. Inspectors was questioning a little boy in one of the lower standards, and found• that his knowledge of arithmetic was very deficient. The inspector had asked several ques- tions without getting a satisfactory answer, but, determined to arouse the little fellow's interest in the subject, he asked: "If your teacher gave you two rabbits, and I gave you one, how many would you have?" "Four, sir," replied the lad promptly. "Impossible,' replied the inspector, getting impatient. "Please, sir," said the little fellow, "I've got a lop-eared one already." AT a dinner one day the Duke of Wellington was talking with the dogmatic John Wilson Croker, who contradicted flatly about something which had occurred at Waterloo. The duke, knowing his man, submitted quietly; but not long afterwards Croker again became offensively asser- tive in regard to percussion-caps. "My dear Croker," said the duke, with unruffled good. humour, "I can yield to your superior informa- tion on most points, and you may perhaps know a great deal more of what passed at Waterloo than myself; but as a sportsman I will maintain my point about the percussion-caps!" A MEAN REVENGE. —He is paying cashier in ra bank, and he had words with the girl to whom he had been paying attention—so many words, in fact, that the girl, who is said to have more than a bit of temper, ordered him never to presume to speak to her again as long as he lived. She forbade him to recognise her, even, and said that she would make it a point to forget that she had ever met him. The other day she went, into the bank in which he is employed to have a cheque cashed. The blonde young man appeared at the window. He took the cheque .and examined it carefully. It was a broiling hot day. The girl was in a hurry. She hadn't an acquain- tance within half an hour's walk. The young man handed the cheque back. " Very sorry, madam," said he, "but you'll have to get some- body to identify. you bef.-Plk I can cash the theque."

OLD FALtE TEEM BOUGHT

Many ladies and gentlemen have by tlit-in old or di- used false tfeth, aclih Might as web b? turned into money. MeFSN. R. D. &J. Fl. Fraser,of Princes-street, Ipswich, established since 1333, boy old false teeth. . It you send 'your. teeth to them thev will remit vcu by return p7st the. utmost value ; or, if prtferred, they will make you the best offer, anti held the t,eth over for your reply. If reference nneseirv. apply to Messrs., Bacon & Co , Banker,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

PROSECUTIONS FOR CRUELTY TO ANIM&LS.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court ore Monday before Mr. Birchall (chairman), and othor magistrates, James McGovern, 8, Eastbeuree-road. Lower Walton, was charged with having on the 28th March illtreated a a riots° by working it whilst in an unfit cond;Con. John Nlaske.t, Manchester-road, the owner, was summoned or allowing it to b 3 worked whilst in that condition.— P.C. Baxendale mot the animal in Churclf-street. It w,a, he said, in poor condition and Ivry lame, am, suffered from a diseased heel. Mr. Muskett suhre- quently informed him that the animal teal never done him any good since he had it. —lnspector Canning raid the animal was in poor condition and lame from greasy heel. There were cracks in it and matter was conning. out of it.—Mr. Muskett contended that the animal was not lame, and was capable of doing a lot of work. It was only drawing a load of 20cart of stone.—Mr. • Hewitt, veterinary, surgeon, said he examined the animal at the request of Mr. Muskett. There was no pain from the heel, and the Inspector had said it was fit for land work. There was an offensive smell from the 11., and that would be injurious ta other horses.—The Chairman said this was not a case that deserved a pen- alty, and it would be dismissed. At the same time the- officer for the Society had done right in bringing it be- fore the Court. —Thomas Barker, Providence-place, was summoned for a similar offence on the 6th April.—P.C. Baxendale, and Smith, and Inspector Rowbottom gave evidence, but as the animal had since been destroyei, defendant was only ordered to pay the costs.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSALiLTING A POW- CE OFFICER.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday, James Quigley,2s, Naylor-streetswas charged with using obscene language in Scotland-road, at 9.45 on Satur lay night. He pleaded guilty. Quigley pleaded not guilty to a further charge of having assaulted P.C. Clough at the same time.—P.C. Clough said at the time in question prisoner was standing, with three other young men,who were under the influence of drink, on the footpath at the corner of Scotland-road and Horsemarket-street, causing an obstruction. They were using bad language about the Oldham Football Club. in conaecljon with which prisoner said he had lost 12s. Witnesscrequested them to go away, and prisoner then pulled his coat .ff and wanted to fight. He struck him (the officer) a violent blow in the face. Prisoner was violent on the way to the police station.—P.o Metcalf gave corrob era- tive evidence, and added that be saw prisoner holding P.C. Clough by the neck. Prisoner said he did it our posely to be locked up.—Prisoner stated that the officer struck him first.—The Chief C.sostable said prisoner was one of the worst characters they had in W.irrington. He was a corner boy, a persistent idler, and loafer. He had been before the court twelve ticues, ha a been Sent to prison for assaulting the police anill for theft, and had served six months for throwing a lighted lamp at his mother.—The Chairman (Mr. Birchall), said the pollen were continually being assaulted, and prisoner would have to go to gaol for one month with hard lab ,ur. SEPARATION ORDER AGAINST A GOLIORNE MAN.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednes- day before Mr John Whie (in Vie chair), and other magistrates, James Battersby, of Victoria Terrace. Long. ford, who did not appear, was summoned by his wife Mary Battersby, for cruelly illtreating her on February ilthi—Complainant said defendant was her second hus- band and they were married on November let. A fort- night afterwards defendant stired scandalizing her, and threatened to take her life. She had four children by her former husband, and defendant called them foul namrs. When she took their part he threatened her with a knife. On Saturday last at midnight he smashed some of the house windows. She had never had support from him, and nine weeks after marriage be leit her. He said he would take her life the first chance he got. She asked for a separation order. He had behaved shamefully to her and upset her horn*. The furniture was hers and the house in her name.—Nellie Millstone, daughtar of complainant,eave corroborative evidence.— P C. Groarke said th 3 defendant's parrint4 lived Itt borne.—A separation order was gr inted and d .Feniant was ordered to pay 53 a week towards his wife's main- tainence. Ho also had to pay the costs of the case.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRIDAY.- Before Mr. H. Garnett (chairman) and Councillor

Srnethu;st.

EXTENSION or Trmr.—Mrs. Gilbert, of the Lion lintel, ap- plied for an extension of time on the 20th April for the Hockey Club flall.—lat anted. ENFORCED CLOSING OF INSANITARY HOUSRS.—EIiza Curt- nington, 31,Kerfoot-street, %vat summoned being the owner of the property, 64 and 66.WInwick-road, at which the follow- ing nuisances exist : Foul defective drain in scullery and ya• d at the rear of the houses named and that the pails and ash tubs have to 13:: carried through the houses by the night soil mem.—Mr Walter Flog! proved the service of the notices on the 24th November.—Mr Norman, nuisance in- spector, said he inspected the peoperty in November last. He found in one of the kitchems a foul and defective drain and in the yard the tiling was in a defective state and wanted re-laying. He found a closet for the use of the two houses. The pails and ashtubs had to be tarried through the dwellings. He reported to the Health Committee and they passed a resolution to serve no- tices on the defencianc. Nothing had been done sines. He had told defendant they would be compelled to summon her. The nuisance was bitterly complained of by the tenants —Dr. Cornell, medical officer of health, said they were two very Insanitary hous.s. They were old, but were insanitary from being neglected. It was the last remnant of this hind of wretchedness in War- rington.—The Chairman: You would not like to keep these two as an object lesson—(laughter) ?—Continuing, Dr. Gor- nail said the poeple occupying the houses had told him they were always ill. lie asked for a closing order if the landlady would not comply with the regulations.—The Chairman said there was no doubt it was a nuisance and should at once be abated, and defendant would have 14 days to do it in, and would have to_pay the court costs. . . _

MONDAY.—Before Mr Birch&ll (in the chair), Alderman Blackhurst• Councillors Shaw Green and Smethurst, and _ . .

Mr S. Wright.

MINOR CASES.—Joseph Cooper. 24, Dennett-street, was fined 5s and costs for driving a cab plying for hire without a licence, on the 12th inst.—George Baxter, butcher's assis- tant, was fined 40s for t,ing drunk in charge of a horse and trap in Borough-road. on April 6th. Buracist or THE PEACE.—Margaret Oakes, !S. Dial-street. Margaret Doherty, and Lucy Sturgess, 11, Morris-cdurt, young women, were charged with committing a breach GI the peace in Buttermark et-street on the 11th inst.—PC. Smith proved the case. Oakes. he said, gave him a wrong address, and he had to take the whole three to the Bride. well. Later on he saw them in a bedroom at a house ire Morris court. They were lying on the floor, as there was no furniture in the house.---Sergeant Evans said he had had occasion tq caution the defendants.—The Chief Constable said they are a perfect nuisance at night. Oakes had been before the court 14 times, and Doherty had been very vio- lent at the Workhouse on several occasions.—The magistrates discharged Sturgess to enable her to go to a home; Oakes and Doherty were bound over to keep the peace and to pay the costs.

FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—william McMutrey (16), 74, Sharp-street ; John Nolan (14), 43. Scott-street ; Jack Savory (15), 33. Scott-street; and James Fillinghtsm (14). 61,Chorley- street. were charged with playing at fo ttb.ill in Sharp-street on Sunday, the 9th April—P.O. °lough proved the case and the defendants were each fin-d 2s 6.

A DrssTßucTivE "DRUNK "- -Tbsoosas Fotherty, £l, labourer was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Peter-streeton Satnrday night, and also with doing damage to the extent of £5 to the windows at the Central Hotel. Prisoner pleadei goilty.—Joseph Wocdin, licensee of the hotel, said a disturbance took place in his vaults on &sturdily night at 10.45. The barman put some of the people out. Prisoner was drunk. and witness would not have served him with drink if be had asked for it. Subsequently prisoner trokeisome valuable glass and a glass screen with his belt cloine damage to the amount of £I.—P.O. Gihbs said he saw defendant who was drunk, smash the windows ss ith his belt. Witness took him to the Podce Station and ha was violent all the way there. He threatened to break the windows ag,in when le got out.—The Bench sent prisoner to gaol for two months with hard labour, without the option of a Sue.

TUESDAY.—Before l!dr _Birch%ll (presiding):and Councillor

Shaw Green.

DRUNK —Ada Taylor. a middle-aged woman who said sha lived in Latchford, was fined 5s for being •lrunk (helplessly) in Peter-street the previous afternoon.

A CHANCS To iiirotim.—Nel.ie HealeT was charged with indecent behaviour at Market-gate th 3 previous might—P.S. Smith proved the case.—On the promiae of defendant to go to a home with Mr. Taylor, the Chief Constable allowed the barge to stand over.

WED-NREDAY:—Befoie Alderrrritn_ Staton (chairman), . Mr,

lhomas Birettall and Mr. John Geddes.

DRUNK AND DI9oRDERLY.--Alice Murray alias Margaret Elliot, last from Manehester, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-sttest at 12.30 that morning. —P.C. Baxendale gave evidence as to her disorderly conduct In the street. and said he was obliged to carry her from Bank-street to the Police Station.—The Chief Constable said the prisoner bore a very bad character, and had been before the Bench on a previous occasion.—The magistrates commit- ted her to prison fcr fourteen days. TIIURSDAY.—Before Mr Join., rairciough (iu the chair) and Mr. James Heoherd. A KEEN APPRECIATION OF NATURAL CONDITiONS.— Elizibetti Morris. was charged with committing wilful dam- age in the Workhouse by breaking 5 panes of glass to the amount of 6s at 3 o'clook on Wednesday.—Mr. Shearer said defendant was admitted to the tramp ward on Tuesday night. She had no reason or provocation for breaking the windows.—Defendant, a remarkable looking woman in many respects. with hair cut close and a deeply brpnzed face, said a little child tormented her and she did it ja a temper.— The Chief Constable said defendant told him :that morning she had been tramping and begging for 20 years.—Defend- ant : I lke to go on tramp. It is beautiful to see the birds and be in the tree air. SO long as I have fresh air and water I do not mind. —The bench committed her for 14 days. ATTENDAns CASES.—For non-compliance witd order Thomas Barton. labourer. 17. Chester-street. was finel- -56 ; Samt: Delooze. 20, Alien-stieet, ordered to send two ch,, dren to school ; John Weaver, labourer, 5, Leonard-street

• CARTER'S UTTLE i ;.2..---"•1 I LIVER PILLS. Sma".. Pill. BEAUTIFUL. TEETH 52,7. Dose.. for all Nyh, nse dsily on ilio toli ~r4i, CARTER Sm.. el Price. ..,rti3h .. few drops or: ~...,.: .ili I! I TTLE Forty in n, f.—..e., SOZODONT i Ifs ikt, ,t s.vege. ~..e pleasantest denidtice ...- • a.- 4 . ...' . _ ,i 4 3...' Tab 1 e • , Cleanses the teeth inlet srp.ees

Cure Torpid Liver, 13eTw-e-e-n-them asnothiuizelse 6allow Complemion, mid will. Sequa and pe,wly white Sieli Headaches promptly: J teeth, rot; lips, and fraant zaid care them so as to st,,, J breath ensured. wed. Cheints.ts,ls. kfcr SOZODONT. i.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.

fined 51S ; Rdward Albert Jeffs. carter. 11. York-street, ad- journed; Jahn Kirkham, labourer, 2, Ashton-street. ad- journed • Joseph ttathbone. labourer. 2. Ashtln-street adjourned: Aaron Sherrktt, labourer, 24. New-road. ad- journed ; George Dunbobbia. lAbourer. 10. Williamsan's- square, adjourned.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
wtutttiNGTON COUNTy PEl'ry SESI4ION9

WEDNES DIA'. —Before Ir. John Whits (01+,11%113u), Colonel Ridgway and Ir. Jo3hlll _

MI;CELLA.ITEOU3- OFFEvCE3, —Joseph Staff sri. Wooiston. 7th April, and Albert Clad:, 4tankev. 2ad April. were eaqh fined ss. for unmuzzled ilo.zs -James Dales, wis fined li)s and costs for NI, elm; drunk and disorderly on the liith llifarch and 24th March, in Jo Li Daley for the same if e nca on th 18th March was heel ss. and costs.—Martin Fitzgerald, Os Sutton was fined ss. and costs for being drunk on the 31stf 'March.

_ ACTION AGUVE3T ../.•BiIEWERY COMPtNir.—The UN) ress Brewery Company, Limited. Old Trafford, Mincester. 9143 summoned for having.neglectal to repair the roof. scullery, a drain pipe & of the dwelling•hotise of the Black Swan Inn, Hollins Green,On Jazuary sth. Ur. A.B6er,assistant manager of the Brewery Company, appeared,for defendants' Company, and pleaded not giality.—lnapeotor Rerfcot said the proleel- ings were taken under the Public Health kct On vinery sth a notice was served on defeadanta t a abate a nails% ao a at the Black Swan Inn; causal by a dilapidated roof, through which rain fall into the bedrooms. The roof was prooped up In two plasm The bedroom fl Yar3 were defect( re, and there were also defects in the slops, one pip] The water from the bar was turned on to the cellar floor, there being no pipe to carry. it away. The house was nok ,fit fo- habitation. He asked the Bench to make an order for defendants to .bate the nuisance and also to Inflict a substantial penalty. The nuisance had existed tivelve months.—Patrick NicKeen.ten• ant of the house, gave corroborative evidence and added that three members of his family were ill when th 3 medical officer visited it.— Dr. Sephton also gave evidence in support of the charge.—The maiistrates inflicted a .fin, of Et and eosta, and made an order for defendants to abate the nuisance within six mouths.

RUNCORN PET E'l SE4SIONA,

BION DAY. —Before Messrs: James Handley (in the cluir), awl

W. Titpmins

PILFERING AT, THE IttINC MN MARKET' .[it.—Kate Murphy. of Weston, was brought up in custody charged with stealing a dozen studs valued at 3d. the property of George Boson, general dealer, 4. Woodland Avenue. Crewe.—Geerge Boson said he was a general dealer residing at 4. Woodland Avenue, 'ere we. He kept a stall in the Runcorn. Market Hall, and on Saturdey night about • 8 o'clock he SAW the 'woman there exemining his stock-in-trade, Amongst other things she was teindlieg, and inspecting were some cares of studs. He identified the studs (produced) as his property, Mid valued there. at 3d the price he generally sold them at Prisoner said she had not taken the studs. They might hive stuck to her shawl.—Police Constable Gregory was on duty at the Market*Mell on Saturday evening es eight o'clock. He was there owing to complaints received from numerous atalholders cf the piltering of articles fro n the stells. Whilst there Gregory said tie saw the prisoner' leaning over the stall of Besets. When the stall-keeper's attention Wa3 called away she took 1113 a care of studs (produced) and pue it under •her left arm. She then left the market.—The Superintenderit. stated that the prisoner had practically ad- mitted the offence that morning.—The Chairman said he understooe that, but wanted the woman to fully realise her positioa.—ln passing sentence the Bench cantionei prisoner against any further offeuce of a like nature. For that offence she wonid be iinterisoned for one day which was equive'ent to a discharge. --Prisoner thanked the Bench and. promised faithfully never to be seen at the court twain ABSAULT ON THE PGLICE —A. ROUGH " HANDLTVG."— George Ch istopliersen, a Norweg:an sailor, was brought up in custody charged wite being ensue and disorderly and with assaultine Police Constable Nichols on the previons evening (Sunday. 16th lust), in Weettield-raid. Weston.—ln answer to the charge prisoner said he could net remember anything that took place.—Police Constable Nichols stated he was on duty in Highland-road, at about 0.30 on Sunday night. He heard a disturbance in WestOeld-road—com- monly known as •` Cock and hen-lane." On going there he found the wisener there creating a disturbance by kicking at the door of a house oecepied by a man named Walker. The Constable asked him to desist, and gee away. Then there epoeare loe the scene two of the prisoner's mates, and whet would hive been a general assault on the constable was meditated but two young men came to the assistance of the constable. Nichols gave prisoner every chance of goine to his ship, and escorted him part of the way. It*" was evident prisoner did not like it, for he haei turned round and assaulted the constable,. striking him in the fece, and kicking him in the side and legs.—in answer to the Sup wintendent. N 4111013 said he suffered from the kicks very miteh. The man was" mad drunk." He used very bat language, an i there was a large number of people about at the time.—Prisoner stated his vessel came into Weston Point about three days previously.—Thomas Plinston, engine driver. IL Fox's-et., , Runcorn, corroborated. He saw the officer stand ny .the prisoner who was very drunk. There were two of the prisoner's mates assisting him. Witness went to the Con- stable's assistance. The two men were if anything worse than the prisoner and threatened to use knives. In fact one of them used a knife or other sharp instrument far in a bit of a scuffle he (witness) was cut with some sharp instrument, George Hobley. 7, Salisbury street. statee that he was going with the lea witness from work and could corroeorate. • lie rendered what assistance he could.—Thoneas Phillips, a workman, of 23, Cawiey-street, Runcorn, testified to meeting the two men previously in Greenavey-road, lie thought they were enquiring the way to the Dock and told them they were going the wroae we'. They simply " booed at him and bowled him oven"— Prisoner was fined 5s and 12s 6.1 costs for 'being drunk and disorderly, or 14 days ; and for the assault on the policeman. which was considered a -very serious one, and which would have doubtless been more ,se only, for timely assist- ance. the prisoner Would have to go to prison for tine month. The sentences to run consectiti rely.—The Chair- man The Bench are very much obliged to the witnesses. The police have very difficult. duties to perform and we think when they are assisted in this wanner there snonlci be public mention of the fast. The witnesses deserved the Weak, of the community for their assistance. Ossceese LANGUAGE.—Peter Johnson, surrendered to warrant, on a charge of using obscene language in Hitch- mough's-coert, on the 30th of March.—He stated he was un- able to attend the court in answer to the summon; owing to having to go with his boo. He had no intention of ignoring the summons. He bad. been guilty of using the laneuage alleged but it. was under great provocation and was practi- cally tormented into it.—Fined 2s 61 and 14s costs or ea days. • A fortnight was allowed in which to pay the money.

THE MARRIAGE OF SIR. PETER CARLAW WALKER

The engagement of Sir Pater Carlavv Walker, Bart., to Miss Okeover is of more than ordinary in- terest. Sir Peter, who is the eldeit son of the late Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, who was wice Mayor of Liverpoll and fligh Sheriff of Lancaster, is a man of enormous wealth, in his fortv-sixth year. The bride-elect is the (laughter of the Mr. Okeover, whose family have enjoyed the lordship of Okeaver in Staffordshire during a period of seven hundred years, and ranks with the first houses in the king- dom. Sir Peter Walker will become by his marriage a connection of Lord Curzon of Kedleston, as the lion. Nathaniel A.ssheton Curzon. a brother of the Viceroy of India, married in 1897 a sister of Nliiss Okeover's. Sir Pater will moreover become a brother-in-law to his tv-eprnot'ler. His, father's second wife was an eldest sister of Miss Okeover Sir Andrew Walker married in 1887 the Hon Maud Okeorrr, who was a maid <)f honlur to the Queen. She was left a widow in 1893.- and married in 1897, Mr. L)rt Phillips, of Llanrenn Park, Pembroke- shire. &SR. or orrivrilNCUTAM' HIGH-CLAS3 MINIMAL WATRRS.---Ifivt

P,UBLIO BRNHRIT UNMET?, THR CLOM FOR BRIr 13110T.;IN LA.NCASHIttI4--A4vt

CYCLES.--rremiers. £lO 10s; Excels!ors. £l2 Os Od New 114.101ds £l5 114 0.1. Sole Agrint .LS.6I-11.11G4ND THE DROWNCNG FATALITY AT SANKEY BRIDGES. Mr. S..Brighortse held an inquest at the Sankey Chapel House, near Warrington. on Monday night, on the, body of Sarah Ann Toft, aged 44 years, 62, Howard-street, Sankey Bridges, Warrington, whose body was found in the St. Helens Canal, Sankey Bridges. on Sunday morning. —Edward Toft said he was an ironworker. and was the huiband of de- cased. The last time he saw her alive was at five o'clock on SatLrday afternoon. At that time he left her in the house with his daughter. lie got drunk after going out, and remembered nothing more until the next morning, when his daughter told him that her mother was in the canal. He could not say whether his wife was at home when he returned, as he could not even remember getting into bed. Ab nit six years ago, at Wolverhampton, she had tried to drown herself in the canal, but a policeman prevented her, tie had lived in Warring- ton sixteen months. He and his wife had lived apart several times.—Mary Toft, the daughter, said that on Saturday night her mother complained of her head, and about ten o'clock she went out,saying she was going to the butcher's. She did not return, 11 and witness waited for her all night,and did not go to bed. She had suffered much from her head„ and on Friday she had said to witness, "What will you; do when lam under the sod ?"—James Coopidge said that the deceased woman came into his house at ten minutes past ten on Saturday night,and was then apparently all right. She stayed until 11.30, and wanted to send for some heer,but they refused. She was not drunk. She was a very strange woman at times.—Nathaniel Cooper gave evidence as to pulling*the body out of the canal on Sunday morn- ing, and further evidence having been given by Nirs. Harris, with whom Mr. and Mrs. Tort bed lodged when they .first came to Warrington, the jury returned a verdiet of "Found Drowned." LADIES BEST GLA.O;4I BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER THE OLOCIK, rontriGg-STRTOR r.—advt.

VALUABLE DISCoVEHY IN,R THE it your hair la turning grey or white or falllng off use the MEXICAN HAIR REIEWER. for it will positively restore. in every case, wrey or wnite hair to it. original colour. It makes the hair,pharmiuglv eautifut, as well as prnnafttiag the growth. Prie,e ,3s. 6d er bot tle.— dot

FLoultdrol I—Fo,l THE Tr.ETIT AND lIREATI.3.I.IOIOt/ehly Clcfirri-S the teeth from All parasites or impurities, harden the gnms, preyk.rts tartar, stops decay— and. gives to the .teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2e. 6d ~for the liquid, or is. .por jar for the "Powder.' of all Chemists and Perfualerg.--- Advt. • • , The Royal Laundresses ev Ci e":" RTA GLos ECK 13 unciqualled for ironartia„; ;1 0 starched linen, with either coil or , • •Z" 'h. Cornwall, revs revs :—M • wife will finisii iincn withant your •' Starch Glos." Froai Mrs.—, tr.rd :—Deer —I am oiease'd to inThrmccs tli I li• v tvicd many. so- called Starch, Glazes and Poiishe, ht • thil none eqoal yours." It should be u ed in every house. Sotd at 1,i.. 3d. by oiost, stariih . ft nil in stook will pro uic it. T. CAITCHLEY, Elackburn. Prcprietot.—Advt•

===== 0002601_18990421_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CIRICKETBRS will b 3 glad to know that Geo. G. Hussey V 84 eo.'s Oats,lozue h out, and may b 3 obtained from spoqi Dealers. This 4anufacturing Firm is always bent on mproyernents. • One of G. G. B. & Co.'s Specialities for the °ming Season is the new" MAtch ".Ball, which, by reason ()fan improved method of tJnstruating the cover, they 'guarantee 'wid keep a true shape longer.and wear better than any ball in vie u tier the old System. The price remains toe Stine.—Advt. (2)

===== 0002601_18990421_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTilEaff UNION. CUP C6-14-17ICITION.

SEM-FINAL TIE. • HIINSLEr v..SA.LFORD,

Park-ave.nne, Bradfori, h-fore. 7,000 spsctators. Ui tqe first nalf ilitaslet went riff with a rare rush, beat- ing their oppoatintS at every point. Walsh ran in a fine tr wih the garn9 MT.) tninu'e3 (Ed, Goldthorpe improv- ing. R tmt.to wided anoch ir try jOss aftEr Rhappi had bten smut off for rough play'. :—aunilfst, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points) ; thiford, nil.. In the second half tie -tale nth; irie very keon, an,l no fewer than five Sailor i inen—Vnipps, Woodhead, Joaes, Gledhill. and Brown—sere ordered off," as also waS Gidings (atingle* Wright dropped a goal and Hannah scored a try for .I,niee' and TuTiey got trie—Lr Bilford, poi Dip 3 kicking a ("oat. Result—Hunslet, 3 goals 3 tries (15 points) ; Salford, one g )al 2_tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_18990421_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDflail v. LEIGa.

tysd at Brouguton in the presence of fully 20,000 apectatlrs,. Toough L ligh had to defeni at tne start, and Fiercher dropped a goal for Oldham, they attacksd strongly after•arards,anit Dunbagiu mad s [ll3 nes level by following Fo tcher's 'example. Leigh press3d after- wards, but faile i to score. 1 goal, (2 p'oints) ; Oldham, 1 goal (2 oointS). On resuming Of I,a n, aided by tlic wind, attacked strongly. Williams SOTI g.t over at the corner, an I in quick succession Djv,. al4) raced ()ye:. Both place kicks wen difficult, and Thsrnas failed at goal. Then 'felfer scrambled ove‘r, and S.-Leas placsd a capitsf goal. Oldham were obviously- ths be; team. said Davies scored again. Reault—oldnam, 2 gtals 4 tries (16 pints); Leigh, 1 goal (2 points).'

LA.NCASTILItS Si4]NtOit COAPETITEON.

ROCMDALE HORNEN V. WIGIN.

This po3to-iapi match. was played at Rochdale. The vis;tors wer.l continuously on the attack in the first half, but the aornets..defend,.d.well, and prevented a score. Tti • second Ilia of the gamo was all in . favour of the Urn ti,.anu Field dropp2d two goals for the home team, W.L.; .011-4 47,)1 b 1 f )4- ifoiets to ml. I.l.3.llt—Roaniale El..)raes,. 4 polars ; IVi4an,

WtUE v. TYLDESLEY.

At Mines, b?fore a thous Ind sp he Actatora. T visi- t:ire wore s:,roagly rz.preymte I, but Widnes.wit'a a weak tin. ht I mull the 1).of p 14.7. Tries were scored by 11,span, Aipey, Nevirt, Aud Daaglas,and .19hnswi placed a goal. whil Aldred drvp,fd a goal for Tylcbeley. Elampson (Widoes) retir,d injured in the second half. go-d 4 tries ; 1 goal.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v: ST: HELENS

At Runcorn, in bal wolthar. Boch t!ains were well represented. In tue first half Runcorn consistently at- talked, and Carlei Butterworth and Gayter each scored, the goal kicks failing. In the second half play was more even. Wilkinson scorel for Runcorn, and Liversedg• nd Whiteley for St. Helens. Result—Run- corn, 1 goal 3 tries; St. Helens, 1 goal 2 tries.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
OR.DINA.ItY 11A.TCEIE3.

BIRKENaEID WAND.EtiE33 v. WARRINGTON. These cubs in i ia their fi ial fixture of the season at Birkeahead, on Satur lay, b.for, a fair attendance of spectators, 'rue Waniierera won the toss, and Allen started for the visitn.3, virl had to face the wind. A. po )t. return was made, but the home side were first to become dangerous', the forwards making a fine rush, which, however, only reaulted ia a dead tall being re- corded. Following the drop ouil Dillon was instrumen- tal in checking a rush by the oppasing teamibm Bascow replie I, and central play followei.nefther side being able t 9 claim any material advantage). Lewis was the first to br..ak away for the Wand :rata, bu; he was well at- cen6led to by ,Harris,ani the ball was rushed to the home "25." Here Watson made his mark, but he kicked tolt 11Y, atLi lirtle ground :vas gained by the concession. kie.k.by Fairilarst was charged dowa, and ti2i9 gave the Wanderers their oopartunity. Pumford raced away and. the play was qu ckly removed to the visitors' quarter flag, fine passing by the Warrington three- quarters preventing.disaster. Capital work by the boats forwards was neutralise i by the grand efforts of 80-- cow at full hack for Warriazton, hat later on Val. Clay- t gat over b•ihind tie pasts for Birkenhead, Went) having no difficulty in , placing a goal. Warrington played up hard following Nis reverse, and Harris scored Isherwood itnoroving. This was followed by the latter crossing the Wanderers' line, and - at half-time Warring- On were leadia,g by 1 goal and 2 tries to goal and 1 try.

offside play by the Wanderers at the outiet of the second half caused scrummaging at the centre, but the visitors' forwards rem wed the venue, and the home line was visited. Harris makiag a fine but ineffectual at- temp to break through. Ingham made his mark, but this was neutralised by a free kick to Warrington. the shot at goal by B 'scow being charged d Morrison, however, was prominent, and the Wanderers were pressed back, until Atkinson came away from the s irimnage and I,mowicl the bill to the centre, wheys seramoling play was the order for a time, neither side being able to make any appreciable headway. A free kick to the Cheihiremen enabled them to assume an aggressive attituie again, but BOS3OW replied, after which Watson triad at goal fr lava "mark," the ball fel- ling short. Houghton ran the leather out, and the visi- tors made good headway until a forward pass spoiled the effort. In close following, howey.-x, the Warrinizton three-quarters were seen to advantage, and the opposing tine had an extremely narrow escape of being captured, the ball going into tooth. Atkinsou got hold a moment later, and Lewis kicked ahead. The leather was safely fielded by Roscoe:. and Warrington returned, Glover rniaing his "mark," hit wirhout advantage accruing to his side. A couple of fie 3 kicks to the visitors were charge i down, but the game continuid in their favour, and this ball was kept hove jag near the Birkeehead posts. The backs defended well, and there was nothing furth.r done, Warrington thus winning by 1 goal 2 ries to 1 goal 1 try. WARRINGTON " A " V.II3II2KSMIRAD WANDERERS "4". This thatch took place at Warrington on Saturday before a poor attendance. The teams were represented as fol- lows :—Warrington:Knizht,fall back: Campbell,Hocken- hull, Ratcliffe, Pendlebury, three-quarter backs; Duck- worth and S:nith, half bick ; Dakin, Eden, Townend, Wilcock, Cunningham, Heath, Nevin, and Hatton, for- wards. Birkenhead Wanderers: James. full-back ; Harper, Towle, and Rise, three-quarters ; Goulden and Coliorn, half backs ; Jones, H °scree:loi, Griffith, Kidd, Simon, Sherlock, forwards, The visitors who only played thirteen mint kicked off, Knight r-turned, and Ratcliffe gaining posses- gion Whined near the line. The attack continued', and Ratcliffe only missed kicking a goal by inehee. Birken- head were penali%ed, but the homesters failed to insprove the position. Soon after. Heath scored an unconverted try, and Drickworth made a similar performance. Ten minutes later Ratthffe scored another try, on which Nevins improved, and later Duckwerth again scared. Half time—Warrington 14 points, Birkenhead nil.— Finel-r—Warrington A 31 points. Birkenhead Wanderers Anil.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON CUP. FINAL TIE.

WINNINGTON PARK V. BA.IINTONT ALBIONS.—The fight for tne possession of this cup took Ovid at Aroley, on Saturday, betore a god numb,r of specta'urs. The weather was of a miserable character, rain falling al- most all the time. The Albions have'once held the cup, whilst Winnineton h in never gained such a high honour. Both sides hid' a capital following, and punctual to time the teams linAd up u-zder the superintendence of Mr. Lewis, of Penketh. The teams faced each other as failaws :—Winnington Bsrrow, goal; Greenough and William Harris, backs; S3uthern, Evans and Woodward, half-hacks ; Mook•es, Marsh, *Knight, Stuart, and Ellis forwards. Bsraton Gallimore, goal ; Molyneux and Harrison, backs ; Hatton, 'Lockett, and Siddall, half- backs; Beckett,Rose,P Hindley,G Hindley,and Goulding, forwards. Bar .ton had the advantage of a strong breeze. A o,Jod passing run by the Winnington forwards was -cheche Iby Greenough by 'clever work. Molyneux was safe, and play was generally confined to the Park quar- ters. Offside spoiled a capital shot by Rose. By easy stages the Barnton men got within meaatirable distance, hut toe ball went behind. The goal kick which followed saw Greenough put the Witnington men in a favourable position. Toe Park were nenalized, and Goulding missed a e ;ri7al npenis.g at C 109.0 quarters. Fine work by MO whoa of toe Winningtan forwards gave Gallimorn troutle,"and for some moments the Barntoa goal had narrow e capes. Fine work by the Barnton half-hack line Wag instrumental in taxing the abiiities of Starkey, but a foul against E Hindley gave the Park men the ad- vantsge.Hot work was witnessed in the vicinity °Matti- mole, and with less a:rurate hackA than *Molyneux and Harrispn, the Barnton goal most have fallen. The Al- bion next hid a turn, and a trial against th-

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
;-ism23 pp . 5 a 4k7.7.7.71

ATE" 'L -CO?

4,- A

r3I:AKFAST AND SUPPER.

Iwell c'eared by Barron. A. second clearance was well effected by the Wilmington custodian, and the forwards again passing well, Gallimora's charge was reached. Tne defence ,stood the test. Ellis changed the venue with a clear run down the centre. Molyneux scoring at close quarters. Thrice were Baraton penalised, but the defence of both the Bunt m backs was superb. The Winnington men again came dangerously near, and Gallimore cleared with a hogs of opponents around him. The passing of the Winnington men was very line, and Gallimore was re- peatedly in difficulties to repel shols. Near the interval a corner fell to Winnington, but nothing came of it. Half-time arrived with no score. After the customary breather Barnton forced the pace, but were sent back by Winnington. Both teams worked very hard to gain a point but without effect. Woodward retired through injuries. About ten miautes off t;me the leather was sent over the lin s apparently, and the referee upheld the appeal of Winnington for a corner. The kick was en- tru,tml to Ellis, bat when he had taken it, a claim was made for it to be repeated as the crowd had interfered with him. This was done, and the same player judi- ciously placed the ball for Jess M *re to head iato the net, and the game ended : Winnineton one goal ; Birnton Albinos nil Alter the match Councillor W. Pierpoint, J. P., of Warrington, presented the cup. He had for many years take, a great interest in anything appertaining to football in Warrington. There was room in Warrington for a good &retie and Assciatbn Club, and he hoped that in a seaeon or two they would have a good Association Club. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Southern in receiving the cup as captain of the team returned his thanks, and remarked that ' it was the first time they had woo one.

.k.2e4 . .. r 7

===== 0002601_18990421_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN AND DISTRICT SHIELD

FINAL TIE.

GorztoasE V. BIIRTONWOOD.—The above teams met on Saturday on the Earlestown ground to decide who shall be the holders of the above trophy for the ensuing year. Soli] after half-past three the teams faced each other as follows :—Golborne : God, Ashton ; bscks. Smith and Houghton ; half backs, Cottam, Meekau, ant Skelhorn ; forwards, Sharratt, Chirton, Parr, Brogan, and Asiton. Burtonwood : Goal, Grice ; backs, Glennon and \loran; half backs, Doult)n, Murpny, and Peadis ; forwards, Hewitt, Bamber, Sullivan, Larkin, and Maddism.

Parr started on behalf of Burtonwood in the presence of about 500 spectators the majority of these having accompaniel their respective teams. The first item of importance came from Brogan and Ashton who carried the ball nicely up the right, but Glennon avertei the danger with a timely punt. Aided by the strong wind Burtonwood were soon hovering round Ashton again and Larkin eventually obtaining possession he Made n 9 mistake with a fine shot half-an-hour after the commencement. Roused by this reverse.the Golborners went off with a rush and an exciting melee took ploce in front of Grice, the custodian bringing off two or three marvellous saves whilst he was hampered by the Golborne forwards. A combined run by the Burton cod vanguard transferred the scene of op ,rations and Larkin scored their second point from a scriolmage in the goal mouth. Elalf-time, Burtonwood 2, Golborne nil. On resuming the Golborners soon began to assert their superiority and they gave the opposing defence an anx ous time. First Sherratt and then Parr trying their lack, the leather in each case being blown outside. From this point the Burtenwood team only crossed the half way line three or four times and then the Golloorne backs who all through the match played a splendid game, were too vigilant for them, and they never became really danger- ous. The Golborners were not long in opening their account. The right wing took the ball down and when well placed Brogan shot in. The custodian caught the ball but dropped it again and before he could regain possession he and the hall were bundlel into the net. The equalising goal came from the foot of Parr 15 minutes from the close. Final :—Golborno 2, Buttonwood 2. nil tie is to be replayed to-morrow (Saturday) on the Earlestown ground after the finish of the Alliance fixture between Earlestown and Parr. LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE.

E&RLESTOWN V. BIRKFSNI.IEA.D Locos.—This match, which should have been played a couple of months ago, but was postponed ownig to a Wigan Cup Tie having to be fulfilled, was played on the Meenes ground on Monday nißht. Birkenhead brought their toll Alliance team, but Earlestown were shcrt of Hayes and Harrison their places being taken by Hughes and Marsh. Consi- dering the early hour fixed for the kick-off (six o'clook), there was a good master of spectators. E irleitown won the tees, and they had the advantage of the wind and hill, and also had th, sun at their backs. The Locos set toe ball in motion a few minutes late, and Settle and Leach wers early prominent with a fine bit of cornbinatien, but th former what] well placed, sent the leather, yards ov-r the bar. The homesters kept up a hot fwilade on the Locos goal and their efforts wore rewarded at lasta Settle sal Leach worked the ball down the left aed when near the corner flag the former centred finely. Le met the hall and had no difficulty in registering the first point. The homesters had the bes',' of matter; up to the . interval when the score was, Earlestown 1, Llc.s nil. Rettart- ing Earlestown quickly compelled the L9CIS to act on the defensive and Smith forced an ab,rtive corner. The Locos next had a tura at attacking but Green and Wilkinson held them well in check and Cnew was only troubled once. Af ml against the visi- tors transferred play' to the other end, and some excit- ing play in the goal-mouth ensued, Leach eventually scoring the second goal from a pass by Hampson. From this point the Leco's hardly crossed the dividing line, and although the homesters kept up an incessant attack on the visitors goal they could only find the net once, this goal coming from the foot of Leach. Final : Earlestown, 3; Birkenhead Lace's oil.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RHODESIAN GOLD TRUST.

Interest during the past week has largely centred in the Rhodesian shhr3 market. The declaration of sub- stantiol dividends by three of the companies carrying on gold mining operations in Rhodesia an d the rise it- the price of Chartered shares to over £4.. have drawn con- siderable at:ention to everything Rhodesian. The lead- ing Berlin bankers are already largely interested in the success of many of the Ruode4an gold mines. It is said that Mr. Cecil Rhodes has had substantial assurances from the German Emperor and the English Colonial Office that his scheme for the continuation of the rail- way from Buluwayo northward, to connect with the direct line to Cairo, will be assisted by the guarantees ef the German and British Governments. Mr. Cecil Rhodes has said, however, that he is determined that the rail- way shall go on in any case. With cheap transportation thus assured in Rhodesia, there is every probability of the shares pf the Rhodesian Gold Trust going to a very considerable premium. The Rhodesian Gold Trust owns 2.157 claims in the best known and most important parts of Matabeleland and Rhodesia. There have been large dealings in these shares during the last account, and at the price of about Si per share, at which the £1 shares are no w dealt in on the London Stock Exchange, they are certainly worth the attention of the speculative in- vestor.

TAM 09SI BANTZE. AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. 4 ELEGANT AND STRONG. Clash or Easy Payments.

Catalogue containing free Insurance 'Coupon, , post free on. application.

Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms

351 NORTH JOIIN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Telephone No. 7090.

W. ROUND SAUNDRRSON. District Manager.

Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington• Mr. STANWAY, 37, Buttermarket Street.

Sole Agents for Runcorn: BIE3SIIS. HA.NDLUY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

"And he quite lost his cough and began to lock fat and rosy."

STICKINGS.

chests. and shall recommend it to all my friends. 1 am, Gentlemen, • " Yours respectfully, " (Signed) KATE STICKINGS."

Scott's Emulsion is successful woerver itili tried for any affectiou of .hroat or lungs. It relieves the inflained membranes, acting thus ,s a specific, and it also enriches the blood, and suppies the food principles cfsseritial to give strength and vitality to the system. For children Scott's EmulEion is invaluable to overcome their waiting tendencies, give them flesh and make them robust and strong.. Scott's Emul- sion is effectual in coueis and colds, weak kings, bronchitis, consumption antemia, scrofula, maraa. mus, rickets, and all other wasting tendencieg. You Can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, LirnitPd, Manufacturing Coonnists, 96:great Saffron Hill, LOndon, E.C., and mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

- ..- .2..t.,P-5....5,:,....ri•f1' ' 7/./).:)-'1,_, .0: V,* -'o".s •,,,i i.: •••,„ e: ~',ffjff;..;:0:4:',...pc.,.44:•,',,•.7-i'1..'...,1:1,,10!.e1•;;`,. \\ lei". 1( , : •=7-.--;f-,...::::-...-... , . 'V .4,, ,4 „., 1.'.. ~, ....':-.. : . ''' e.?:•::::: „ ' --- ... : .: •:%<!-;;--=,•:::,.."-:--,-----....—;-",,::.:. '.. ~•;-. .-, -/ . ,-, K: . ..,:.0 ,"" :"--- - -T.:. , _....,....,,,.. ' ~---- -.. ~.", r,'l • , ... ...-.. -,,. 1.,..:' s . .-,.....................,---,-- ;....,i."-.,....- --'", .. , . . .. • -- -,.,.t.:,.,....fif., • _.,.E. ... _;,;,. -.I ,-, -.::., ,( . .....':..:'.::: ...........';'.....;;;.;:‘ W;i-4:541;: '...-...1:1.•'...:. T.4r•lr. ...7.'3'lV' .- . •••••;.:',-. ::.:.-. '..••::,.::,,,f:::::•L - ~ . , . . •. • . :•::::::::•:444.4.,...:.:..:;:' •-•=-"" "---.1.4........:':..........::',..:.-:::':::-..:-•:.:•::; . ,:fr.....:.:........,::.: ......„..........:-.....,,....:.::,...........f:•,::::.:..„ . . i., .._ ':::-:-:::.::::::::...A:Vii...*:'.,:::::://....A;...;........... ''''''' :::.' -.= - - '''''.:::,...-ii/4i.g=z-_••-z. ''',..;:'---.''M..':..5...:-:::- . . -.:-.....-.:l::':;:iliiff*..,\R, '.:•.';•::::::;p.,;;;.a...:07,..i4k....., .1..,;,,' -7:5:Y.,5••••::::,i,-..:,-...., ... --,t, ..-..-$:,.. -4,:v......... . '"".. '' .::" _____ r.r...,:,.. \\;.s,zl4-:;:s. `-'-:::,:••>,—;:ii.f.:: - ... •-•••••• .: 40 ..:::ois,-,N , \\‘...-:...., ----,_ ..... :.5,-„,..,-...,.., .. ~„......?:„ ....„. ..,.........:::::?..-z„.,........:.::;„.....:::-:.,,......„..:, .%:.\\''N.--..------------_-7.::::_:.:::-..iay: .. ii.1iirqg,„,,,,.....:::•,....----..,, •-•,„::„.i...1:::::::,....:?::::.::::......„::::::.,,,; _ . :„ --------.2.----_,5•,:v., ..,,,...,-- •,-,:--..:.,............-..., -----::...,_ ::.,::-:-..,.,:-.....:_::::A ~,. ---.1,--.--"7!?.. • :,.....,. :•,-",,i..._-•,,,,,,:55,,,-„,...,„, Zz*,,:‘,.-N, ii*if.ii::,',..,. '• •••••11. • . ~.14,,,,, `. ~.. —IA., --1,:-.___:._,' ',.::::•:::•::::„ '•;:„..•,,,,,--„,.,.. 4,,,, -,,,...„-,,,:,..,:',. •:•:„.,,..:,........5.......f.:::.4 , , , ~.-' An'AV,, \ NI .- ii...•( .„::::::,:,:,:,:t `..... -7,-:',,` Ni5•••,,,.'„:,. Nii::::::::::....,:.-.-... ' ''''''*'-‘r '''''' - ' \ ''' .4-. A..... '44.?'' / ".:::::::.:::i.::::::::',,%' ‘,L*4>'•,,V., X,,..1.....•••••••,;.,.,-. ',' : :i.f:',:....,, 'Ns.',„,.:. -;,::-.;q ;',_;F::::','!,:);r,,,, ..:.• :,::::::,::•:•:;y::,:::' :irw.-6,.,N.::::::::::::::S::::•::::: ,W,,t,:,.., '. ' ,N,::::;..,..."..-:::":.; .:!.,:.:.:-;:::.N ;.;...,.':,'. • •.,' ,:,-,::',;i.;:f:,,,,.. f<,';`,i,-....-i,,-:,, :',',:.:...:::::4-.'"..,j .:74 ~,,,1,,,0,, ~":;:s:::.::::.:::::::;,,y,14dztAt!1,6,1*. z!...........:.:„..,:.: -.::: .. :.:•4*.••-''''''.4'''it4ii h,•;44i.V.i.:.*::....45.' ''..,,- ~-,'r,,,,'''kY :::.: ‘..';.'..',..•.'''A'''.*"..;.Vi''',N. .Z•N;•:.;:::,:::::.::.-.:.:.- ' 4-'4..,`0', 'v! '',i„::: '4, ::ks, Y4-,7,r',•s:',i'-',l*-''''',,,l,a':l-4,,,..V7..k, '•••,.-5::::.1::::::-......• :::, N. ::::.:::: *.'Cl• l'4:* ~ IL., ~,,.. ' - *,,,?'"prq ..,,,,,s..i— , -.'s •,?-• ,o- .-.,,' •er-':',- _ ; •:*ir-M-_,Ji:::, -,, 1',,,,z....:.•:::::--•-:: t` ~:,-, , , • 4›v,, ..,-,42, -;:` ti-` -.....:*;•....,1%N. , '.,,,51,-„..kt,-,:.--,, :...;;Afireixs4.6,.... :?,.. .. \\\e, i. ::::...4:...g.:;a..T., Nl/4k*, -,,-.0::,, . ~.............::::::::::-.. \\.„ , W 4 * 0..1.:'01';:f.7'-‘, ~,%'.4„Y-',:i•s,•N ::' .---,---,-.-7,:.-1.--•:-.4. ' , , ..-..,:.,...:...v5t.,,,,;_k--,%,N,r,,,k „\k._ _ .1,, .4),,,,...• ,i. ;,,,:,,,,,,,.,,,,, ,-.- , • •„ ~,,k,-,: ,• ~.--,,,,‘,.,.<,..,....,..:...:.‹.:,...-iff:-......- : ' :::::::::::::::.ft\.','=4*:-ti..".• ''''4.C.`,..\;•,,,' i•°:,--' • 4„• i...-$.., < 'ke.•';',.._ `, ''''.-,.',, -' ' ::, , --,,,,,,-.•-• , N4t,l-,-,:t,.....,‘,,c.. -::,,;...;..z.,..‘,.55.- ~.3 .-::::-`,..,,:,:z. ..:.....•.:::::.::.:,::.•.::,:-..-.., N '''-:',,,,,,,,.*•k.-,,,,,....,,,, , '-‘, %.4;.' , ;-'.:::..i-%".:-3.i.:...,!....---;."---::...::::•......:.t NNN\ ...<:....... •-,.. .:.:1::::::::::1-?:::.......::•,::-........:'' , .-..f....4,.:.,.%;;„..k.5.5. N._ •••-•„ '''ksi'''''', \N. N,, .•••:•::::-:-.*:•.:•:•-•-:.... -. .. ...:.::::::::-....i.fiiii..:l:::.'N'ssk,,, ' ,_,.. `:::::.....:.•;..i.,:,„.---:.. i...:;S:.:.::::.: . •••.N. N...,........... ' , ....'•:::-..i...:;.iiii.:§...ii::••., ' Atb;;:•.11i;g:,..::::...::::-..::::7••••:::•-.--"•?' .N....... - .-..•....-. • .:.:::.::1:::::::::iz.... Ns .::::::::,k7-....-....::-.-- :-. - - - ---: .:-,:•:.:•.....::,.-•;:i.,....-...z....,..,..,:-.....-:-.........-:-.-•-..-s. -- - :- -

===== 0002601_18990421_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LIONEL

If any member of your family is suffering from a weak chest, chronic bronchitis, or hackiac cough, W . suggest that you try a bottle of Scott's EMUI9IOtI and note the result. You may have tried other forms of coi-liver oil, but in order to eet the most out of this standard remelial agent you wit!. have to take the genuine Scott's Emulsion. This Tire- paration is the most perfect emulsion in the world, and in combination with glycerine the oil in Scott's Emulsion is quickly absorbed into the blood. Here is a letter train a lady in. Sittingbourne, which says : "54, William Street, Sittingbourne, . "October 13th, 1893.

" Gentlemen.—l have much pleasure in testifying to the benefit my I.ttle boy Lionel received tiraugh taking your Scott's Emulsion of Cod-Jiver oil. Be- fore he had taken toe contents of one bottle his chest became stronger an 1 he quite lost his cough and .began to look fat, • and rosy. I certainly, think it invaluable for children, especially those who suffer with weak

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF .MAN- . . CHASTER. • . CONCENTRATED .MANURE Made from Slaughter-bowie and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pal Closets, 'BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered ill bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots ,within - 60 miles and 4 Ton i 01,3 ultiiin 100 miles, at .• £3 per Ton. • Special price over 100 miles. , Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given 'early in the season to rrevent disappointment. rull parliculars. from GEORGE PLANT, indoor and 11tates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department. Town Hall; Manchester, or to , Mr. B. ALDRED, :Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverrool;-

No Entrance Fee Whatever.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
GO TO

PEMBERTON'S FOR WOOLS, • PEMBERTON'S FOR STOCKINGS, PEMBERTON'S FOR GLOVES-, • PEMBERTON'S F,'ll, CARDIGANS.

TAKER IN THE TOWN.

BEST .VAI,tE IN atE

33, WINIFICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON, AND ' 2‘fARKF.,T HALL, NORTIIWICE.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
-41111"---- , e . , . --, :1..,,,,i6

Wl] goi tin

frc D. te

&C. TWO POT fact' for DWI

===== 0002601_18990421_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

WE E K-D AYS . 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and t p.m.

4.30 p.m

SUB-OFFICES-- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick '*Wargrtwe

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-75 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. avid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices a/$o 10 a.tn., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. a-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

WALL Boxts— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (New-ton Bridge) Preston Junction... Church-st., Golborne. Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

5, 10 am,, 12 noon, 2 &

7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. I 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 am mcl 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil- Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Bark town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign _

London and the South Frodsham. Helsby, & L vrnm Manchester, S.-fiast Lane ishire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, outhport PrPscot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Widu s. & Earlestown London, Foreigx. and the South l d!and Cs,unties & South Wales Preston, Noruh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester ... . Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midl net, Northern, vlastern Counth t, & Lancashire Croft, Patigate. W )Iston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S-1 Eastern Counties..

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

" a.m.

W-30 „ 10-45 „ } 11-30 „

}ll-4b 1. 12-0

11-30 a.m

..2-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 1 3-15 -,

f 1 3-15 m. t

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

4

===== 0002601_18990421_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990421_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.llelens, Southport, and S •Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, G olborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire.. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Wight Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PFM

WHO ARE

WEAK

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.

.7,,_,,4.-,-,..5.y-,,,..,. -.To, P:i.sAttveit,i ;-, • ~,!;:-..,-,.. ' r., :, , ,ft , ~ , , ~,e4 ~,,,,,c !;:tr-b ''',` i - a Af. , ,r ri ....,,,vof ttul-,,,--f., 4...42, ~,,,t,,,,, '4'..it IS-e*:',". ii:f, .., ;17,1;::'; 1V:.,., ‘,,1, . ' ,),* it "i.')14,,,„ • • ..,.1, •-i'i'`.l,', • • '‘',," ,:?;',..e..‘,1"44:•': : ''..? '...'.- -'- • ""'"'

.10 . 'O4l. .

sqk 4.; te Ai .4-

===== 0002601_18990421_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
•;*-ir r: • e-4 - • • • -if 4.! \ P••-•", ;•f, ' • f. • ;.-'" • , ; ,;

BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, Bcc., post free.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18990421_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
62&64, LUDGATE Intl Elts ;

LATCH & CAN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ifficiii* .-....„,..T., , , ' I ' • , ; ~,i, 1 1 1 1 S.. "' . . , ':,..,i,11:i'' 2,1 0

===== 0002601_18990421_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, W;

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

VV" ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such at.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL2S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C ICKLE'g

•

===== 0002601_18990421_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
AN Tilt :s .I.ti

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, earc.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
. : , ,•.., ...'•'''A .!;iii? . , • 4:.•4.,, '' - YAd ,:i.; . :-.A.p, ~,,g., k , . • 'fr , t -tek: .I''' l'o' .t. '''‘..,,. 1. .. ic, ..4 : • ,• A '." cc ~ft -,-- 'Il ta .1 , 4,,,k0 .Ail t...;,,..... 1):: ',Mk <'. ~.... i• 1E .' a V'" i ' • i ~. . , - ,

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS WSORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache. Constrpaten.

triaak Stomact. [rsrqa)reA krefee‘4l,el 15.3 4). it S-

Disordered -Liver and Female Ailraents.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
7747 k, "2"3144 ' 4.41,4 itZ, 9

===== 0002601_18990421_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Ir-4, e , 47,93ki, ~ , ,

The most delicious and wholesome jam made, and like all other successful pro- ductions, it has many inferior imitators. The public are therefore warned that if they want the genuine article they must insist upon being served with Deakin's.

WOODS PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS;

C..rsiage Paid and Liberal Cash Discount allowed. EXHIBITED rrarrYing ONE TON

AT, Liverpool, Manchester. AND OTHER Exhibitions

Grmt miuction in prices -t0 TheLLengford: Wire Co., Limited, Warrington. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS

Men who are weak and tired of taking Nauseous and MYS ERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Physician in con-, fidence,and full particulars will be smt FREE as to how all eq sea ot NERVOUS EXHAUS. VON, LOSS OF VIGOUR.' WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can be SUC. CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Send stamped aadressed envelve to THE COLLINS CO.,

E;skin—e-strect. Liverpool.

GUARANTED FOR FIVE YEARS . . CI w 4 - -

===== 0002601_18990421_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
12) . • 1.4 M• . • , kr. c.• • j •it 14$

Makers of the BANK," " LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

pedal Chronographs as used for ;timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL. '

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C„ LONDON,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c

===== 0002601_18990421_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„rip)

===== 0002601_18990421_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
;et , . o rAtoh 4 • 7 , t ,$ ,#.44171,r- r•s;•' '14%;:";11, • - - ' ,

, icf,,,„?- • , 1„,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
dlrrar. ,4; xt, ' # . r • 42.0. 4, '4 • .•, or,:mazi4 • • Cl_erl t4A, • 1,1 4 ;:%4 "qt. :.112.3112.1 ..244" 4404' tal-FratiT lirM 131 ;,w44,4,1,

1c) Pt 11/47 V 74 .1 ‘s' 75 r C HEsm p ROAD (Opposite 'Anil Brow) AeL I.IIVA P 1."'"? 7 Nr.fert. L 4...1? Or). %.) Ca4.' ) WI Li A. 4.1 it

===== 0002601_18990421_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
tetters to the Mlttor.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

- - - - - Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Eclitor. Slitters intended for publication must be written on one

side only of the paper. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. ALDERMAN ROI3ICRZ3 AND TEMPER-

Sir.—ln "The Examiner" of last Saturday you re- potted a speech on the Temperance question delivered bY Mr. Alderman Roberts on the preceding Wednesday at a Wycliffe Band of Hope meeting. I should be sorry to utter a wordolgainst that speech which bristled with facts and figures on the liquor traffic of an interesting and instructive character. Nor would I take any excep- tion to the meeting which called it forth. But having said this I must at the sime time plead guilty to a want of faith in the efficacy of Bands of Hope to stay the liquor plague, for one or two reasons. In the first place children have no natural propensity for strong drink; on the contrary lam inclined to think that most of them regard it as in abomination even worse than drugs. But the minds of the young are very plastic, and more easily operated upon far evil than for good. And then how very imita- tive they are, trying to copy their elders as far as pos- sible. When children are accustomed to see their friends and neighbours indulge in intoxicating liquors they naturally enough conclude that these liquors must have something good in them. And hence it comes to pass that as they grow older their aversion to strong drink becomes a diminishirg quantity until at length they take courage and began to follow the example set before them at home. Then again, when young people go out to labour in the great hives of industry, the lot of most them is cast among people who regard the public- bousss as right and proper places for amusement and entertainmen.t.l need hardly say that children and young persons so circumstanced at home and at work will hardly find the memories of Band of Hope meetings a power sufficient to save them from the manifold snares of the liquor dealers. Processions of nicely dressed little teetotallers are very pleasing spectacles to look upon, and would be infinitely more so if we would only believe that this young tem- perance life would be followed up by sobriety and steadiness in the years to come. But alas. sad °Aped- since does not permit one to indulge in such a pleasing dream. Childish shows and childish pledges, however attractive they may be, will never deliver this country from the liquor traffic and its terrible consequence!. Indeed, to quote front memory the words of an emi- nent brewer long since dead,"The struggle of the school, the church, and the library, against the gin palace and the beerhouse is only another development of the war between heaven and hell'. If we would save our children and future generations from the evils of these gin palace; and beerhouses we must destroy the trade of the brewers and publicans. There is no other way by which we can accomplish our object. And here the question arises, what are we doing in Warrington, to bring ttlie traffic to an end? Well, very little indeed. We hear now and then of temperance gatherings, and we had a spasmodic Sunday Closing meeting not long ago, but Ido not know of any thing else that is being done. On the other hand, however, the liquor traffickers and their friends are progressing. It seems as if the prosperity of the town was closely bound up with the making and selling of intoxicating drink, for the Carp3ration lately carried a scheme to provide unlimited water supplies for their best cus- tomers the brewees. Nor are the magistrates belping us in any way. The bench pay little or no ato tention to the oppeals that are made to them from time to time to curtail the facilities for drinking; but they are always willing and ready to bargain with th. brewer; in such a way as to ensure a greater turnover of drink.A.nd they seem to have altogether forgotten the flourish they made some two or three years ago of their Intention to do all they could to prevent the publicans from s.lling their wares to little coildren. At any rate nothing came out of that ietentian, and the traffic with the " little one; goes on as usual. Truly the prospect of temperance reform in Warrington is about as black as any putdican could desire it to 139.—Yours truly. lONA.

WARRINGTON AND SECONDARY EDUCATION.

Sir,—Your able article upon this important subject in your issue of Saturday last is well worth the perusal of every intelligent person. I need not say that I am in fullest sympathy with the proposal to conseitute War- rington a county borough. Our experience of the Lan- cashire County Council, upon almost every question, but notably in regard to technical instruction and the widening of Warrington Bri Igo, has been so unpleasant that I cannot conceive of any ram roae consenting to our being put to any greater extent under their baneful influence and control. If the proposals of the Municipal Corporations Association in regard to Secondary Education are incorporated in an act of Parliament, then unless in the meantime we be. Come a Ceneity Borough, are shall be divested of all con- trol la regard to one of the most, if not the most impor- tant quesnon of the future. Our continued progress and prosperity as a nation will be very largely dependent upon the. manner in which the Secondary Eincation of the rising generation is treatel.Myour article very justly states our hands have been tied in Technical Instruction matters by the niggardly and most unjuut doles which it has pleased the a.rrogance of the County Couneil to bestow upon us. Persoaally I have a roeted obj te receive anything in the shape of a " greet," to whieh I have a moral or legal right. We are being annually deprived of a serious proportion of the full amount of money which the allocation of the heir tax for Techni- cal Instruction purposes entitles us to receive. The re• suit is that our operations are crippled for wan: of funds, and our town's children are defrauded of their lawful inheritance.

Surely after this experience we are not prepared to eurrendar our liberty of action and the control of our own affairs into the hands of an authority which has already served Us so scurvily. If we are Emperor its this matter and (from the fear of the possibility of a temporary increase of expenditure which cannot amount to much and may even not occur at all) allow ourselves to lose the opportumity of becom- ing a County Borough and consequently the educational authority for our own district, then indeed shall we deserve " kicks" instead of the half-pence which we shall most certainly and deservedly get from the Lanca- shire County Council. Let our motto be" Warrington a County Borough." Yours faithfully,

H. ROBERTS.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
F ItODSHAM.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING —The first meeting of the newly elected Parish Council for Frodsham was held in tha Court Room, Frodshem, on Friday evening. It was resolved that Mr. Charles E Limiter be the chairmen for the forthcoming year, and that Mr. Thomas Eariam be the vice chairman.—lt vexe resolved that Meisrs. Charles E. Linaker and J. W. Rethwell be tile over- seers of the poor of the towrship.—The c'erk produced a letter from the London and North-Western Railway Company with reference to the railway facilities inform Jag the Council" that from May Ist the 7.35 a.m. from- Liverp 301 (altered to 7.30) and the 11.10 am, train from Lverpool will call at Frodsham. The following spring and sumner trains will also be put on a as usTal and wilt call at Fradsham :-9 p.m., Chester to Liyerpo3l (Saturdays only). 10 p.m., Chester to Warrington (Saturdays only). From June lit a new train will leave Chester for Liverpool at 5.55 and will also call at Frodsham. The Clerk painted out that there ware only two trains per day in direct communi- cation with Manchester, 9 a.m. and 4 n.m., and ibat passengers could more easily get to Maichester by book- ing to Warrington. cro-sieg over to the Contra Station, and travelling thence on the Cheshire Lines. It *as de- cided that the thanks of the Council be conveyed to the Ralwey Company for what they prpipsed t 3 do,but the C3uncil regrett'aat no increased f have been given for Manchester.—Mr. Haddock, of parr's Bank, was appointee the treasurer to the Council, and it was r- solved that the following members constitute the Foot- paths Committee :—Messrs. Midge, Wilkinson, Kyild, Shore. and Rothwell. DEATH OF A RESPECTED RESIDENT.—On Monday atternooo about 3 o'clock there passed away in the Persen of Mr William Sirnm, of Alvanley Terrace. Frod sham, one of Frodsham's most highly respected resi- dents. When a young man Mr Siam joined the Wigan Police Force as a conatable, and by hard work eventually became chief of the division. Some twenty years ago, owing to injuries received whilst carrying out his duty he became incapitatld and was obliged t retire, and from shortly after that date he has resid ^ in Frodshana, where his urbane and kindly man fid gathered many friends ar3uld him. On Thurs lay nim. body was canveyed to Wigan for interment. Mr. ihn wee in his 80t1i year.

1 .7,

IT IS AN AGONY OF AkiONIE.c. A torture of tor- tures. It is an itching and burning of the skin almost beyond endurance. It is thousands of pin-headed vesicles tiled with an acrid fluid, ever forming, ever bursting, OM flowing upon the raw, excoriated skin. No part of the human skin is exempt. It tortures, disfigures, and humiliates mcre than all other skin diseases combined. Tender babies are among its most numerous victims They are often born with it. Sleep and rest are out o: the question. Most remedies and the best physician" generally fail, even to relieve. Such is Emma, the greatest skin humour of modern times. If Curicunt did no more than relieve Eczema it would be entitled t° the gratitude of mankind. It not only relieves, but to haves instantly. A warm bath with CIITICURA SOAP, a single anointing with Gammas (ointment), the great skin cure, followed by a full dose of CUTICIIRA RESOLV- ZNT, greatest of blood purifiers and humour cures, is aufficietit to allay itching and irritation, s3othe inflam- matior., remove crusts and scales, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure, when all else fails. Truly CUTICITRA Works Wonders.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. INAUGURAL MEETING AT ST. PAUL'S.

There was a large and representative attendance gathered in St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, on Monday evening, at the inaugural meeting of the Runcorn Free Church Council, an institution whicla has been formed in the town with the following cemmenriable objects : "(1) To cultivate closer friendship between the Evan- gel al Frae Churches; (2) to undertake such united Evangelistic Work as may be deemed practicable; (3) to promote the law of Christ in every relatioa of human Life, and. to assist in all measures for the advancement of public morality; (4) to provide opportunities for the exposition and enforcement of Free Churcti principles, and safeguard the rights of the associated Nonconfor- mist Churches." The chair was occupied by the Rev. C. W. 1.. Christie' (president of the Council) who was supported on the platform by Mr. Percy W. Bunting, M.A.. (editor of the "Comtemportry Review," London), Revs W Fidoe, S Wright, Syd. T Morris, R J Clifton, J 03bor e. B A. Messrs F J Nermen, James Pritchard, W Handley, T Simister, R H Pomatt, and others. The Rev. J.; Osborne asked those present to remember one or two things in order that they might see the Free Church Council had not sprung up from any sense of hostility or in antagonism to the Established Church. It had come very gradually. It had not sprung up ia a moment of enthusiasm. Clearly the Free Church Coun- cil had sprung up naturally from a clear sense of duty, and atter prolonged discussion of the whole subject. By a Curious coincidence all the .None infermist ministers of the town with the exception of the Rev. W. Fidoe settled in Runcorn about the same time, somewhere between June and Saptember, 1897. Vary naturally they cello i utoon one another to exchange congratul tarsus upon the circumstances that Providence had favoured them with so nice a little town as Runcorn. In a very shert time one or two of them suggested that it would be a good thing if a monthly Minister's Fraternal were formed as a means of strengthening their personal interest in each other, and in the work of their respective churches. As the remilt of that suggestion the ministers met in December 1897, and it was at that meeting that the idea of a Free Church Council was first discussed. Beene new to the Town and not knowing the relation of the Free IChurches to one another, and to the other churches o the town, they resolved to wait until oppertueity had been given to them to ascertain the feeling of the Ica line laymen of the various Free Cnurches, and contented themselves with the formation of a Ministers' Fraternal That waq over 16 months ago. Shortly after a lette• was received from the Rey. R. Veiteh, M. A..,Secretary to the Liverpool and District Federation of Evangelistic Free Churches asking if steps could betaken in the direc- tion of forming a Free Church Council. The letter was re- ferr,d to the Ministere'Fraternal,but no further action was taken at the time. As time went 03 their knewledem of the situation increased, ant having counselled with pro- minent laymen in the Free Churches, the conviction was borne in upon them that steps should be takin to form an Evangelical Free Church Council. The Miaisterse Fraternal cage I a meeting of laymen belonging to all the Evangelical Free Churches of the town, and after consi- derable discussion, it was decided to invite the Rev. R. Veitcb, of Liverpool, to corns over and explain the aims and advantages of the Free Church Council newer:lent. Mr Veitch clime over and gave tn exposition so luminous and so deeply pregnant with Caristien spirit that a re- i solution in favour of a urea Church Council for Runcorn was carried unanimously. It was also decided at that meeting that the Ministers' Fraternal should draw up a constitution for the Council, to be submitted to another: meeting of Free Church representatives for criticism andl ultimate adoption. A meeting for that purpose was called early in January of this year, and after one or two minor alteratioos the constitution was unanimously adopted. Here Mr. Osborne quoted two or three para- graphs from the constitution, setting forth the objects of the Council and the principle of membership. Ir was then left with the various Free Churches to decide whether they wou!d join the Council, and if they decided to do S 3 to elect their representatives forth- with. The five Free Churches, through their official committees, heartily associated themselves with the Council, and the first meeting of duly elec ed represen- tatives was held in Camden Schoolroom on January 29 h. At pre sent the Council consisted of 60 representatives and five personal member,. The offilials for the first year were elected as follows :—Rev. C. W. L. Caristien president, Messrs. W. Handley and John Wilsen vice presidents, Mr. R. FI Posnett treasurer with the Rev. J. Osborne and Mr. Weeley C. Cooke as secretaries. That was the history of their Council so far. It now remained for all of them to make its history in the future, whim. he trusted, would be a noble history—(epplause)— worthy of these churches of theirs, but, most of all, worthy of that religion which they loved an I which they existed to maintain. (Applause.) He added just a word to the younger Nen:conformists—amongst whom he reckowd hirreelf. 'Fury should have in the Council a strength and an inspiration they had never felt In days when it was easy Co be disloyal to the C lurch into which thee had been born they should take he art— (applause)—tne they should have more nerve in stand- inc ue for the grand traditioes which were the eery of the Free Churehes. (Applause.) The C erten was com- posed of all the ministera and representatives who had been e'ectel by the Free Churches ie the folio wine pro- pertisn :—Wasleyans, 20 members ; Congregational.nine members ; Primitiv Methodist Church, nine membees ; Presbyterians, nine members ; and the Crated Metho- dist Free Onurch, sit memoere. (Applause.) The Rev.C.W.ls Christian, who was well received said their position that night was that they were gatheree as representatives of the Evangelical Free Churches. They represereed Churches that differed but in the matter of Goeernment and discipline. No one in his senses would suppose that one system of Church Govern- ment would suit every class of human mind, and every stage of human development in all c iMee an I genera- tions. When they came to the New Testament they did not find that God had laid down any hard and fast system of church governmeut. If he might be allowed the expres-ien, G had lift Himself free to guide His people according to the exigencies of the times in which they might live. But they were one in those fundamen- tal doctrines which they held fast to the death. (Ap- plause.) Distinct as the billows, they were one as the sea. They were Evangelical Churches. Taey held fast the doctrine Qf their holy religion which they associated rightly with the divinity .f their Lord Jesus Cadet. They held the atoning sacrifice that He off--herd on the cross for human redemption. They held the doctrine of justification by faith, and sanctificstion by the Spirit. They held that the Bible was their rule of faith arid Prictice, and they federated themselves because they believed they would be more powerful in their generation by their union than they would be by being disionitsd. (Applause.) They stool forth before the werli that night as Protestants, as patriots, and as oml:relying they believed, the best elements of the beet Puritanism. (Ap- plause.) Tney were Protestants, ani, therefore, in antogonisrn to the Church of Rune. T iev loc,ed Romans, but they detested Romanising praetic is. They denied all the great and peculiar doernat of that system,includ- ine baptismal cos:aura:ion, the mass, the invoc sties of saint'. Mariolity, absolution, purgatory, prayers for the dead, the witholding of the Bible from the people, the spirit of persecution whets had been the very breath of tee nOStriei of that system for lone ages. They objected equally to the Rosnauising portion of the Established Mame of this country. (Applause.) Don't let them be misunderstood. They h ad the most powerful and tender Sympathy with the Evangelical portion 07 the Established Cheroh. (Applause) They knew many of tie noble ra en who were preaching the pure gospel within the pale of the Established Church. Tory knew how God was bleating their labours, and they thanked God for that blessing. Who among them that ni !fit did not say God bless Bisbee, Ryle ? (Applause). Would that all his brethren on the Bench were as teu3 to the Bible as Behop Rye,. (Applause). The speaker went on to enumerate other clergy and laymen in the Church oi Egamd, who, he said, were doing a noble work. They rejoiced in the centenary of the Church Missionary Secisey, which was being held in Len ton at the present time. That was an Evangelical branch of the Church of Christ, and 300 ordained missionaries from this country were labouring abroad in connection with that society to-layeand neatly 300 native ordained ministers had been brought to Christ through their instrumentslity. The soasty was work- hog in all the foreign missionary fields in beautiful bar- mouy with the missionaries of the Free Churches. (Ap- plause.) Every young man who was cony: rted to tied and who felt called to preach the pure doctrine of the Lord Jesus Christ was a gain to the Established Church. But they did object to the Remanising, portion of the Established Church. They said every man who was eating the bread of a Pro- testant Church and teaching Popish doctrine was are act- ing lie. If he (the Chairman) no longer believedin Me'hodist doctrine, and yet stayed in the Meth) list Church, if arch a possibility could occur, he should feel that he was a tale man through and through. Taey said to every society which taught Popery within the Protestant Church, which existed to protest against Popery—they said "Ye are wolves in see'p's clothing ; resign your livings and go your ways that we may have the privilege of thinking of you as honest men." (Applause.) As , Protestants and peerhrs they obj cted to Popery, and they objsctedto the unmasked romanising, in the Establiseted Church. They were the representatives of Churches which Gad had wonderfully blessed in the pest. How many souls had been saved from sin by the miniery of the Free Churches,only God knew. The Free Churchts had been in the van of all progress. They had been in the van of social ant political liberty. They had been on the side of education for the masses of the people, for theiredress of wrongs, for the removal of unjust monopolies, or the giving to every ctizen a fair chance in the race of life, and they were the relentless foss of all those evil forces

To Konizas.—Mrs. Winslow's Soot'aing Syrup h‘s been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their Children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste it produces natural quiet sleep, by rel:eving the child from pate and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists is 4.1 per bottle. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AP.RH 21. 1399. LOCAL WEDDINGS. 'NEWTON TTRBAN DISTRICT

which threatened their country. They had what was celled a Nonconforrniet conscience, and it was better to have a Nonconformist conscience, than no eonscience at all. (Applause.) They had a conseiencs that made them the enemies of the drink traffic, the enemies of im- morality, of betting, and gambling, the enemies of everything that could degrade England. They were standing against the Sunday issues of daily papers. (Loud applause.) If they would contrast the state of England to-day with what it was in other times, they might set it down as an historical fact that the Free Churches had had the lion's share in the glorious change that had been brought about. (Applause.) Mr. Percy W. Bunting, who received quite an ovation said they were assembled to uphold a movement for the union of the &range:Leal Free Churohes, and the first question to consider was how these churches ever be- came disunited. All were churches of Christ, and all were founded on very much the same conception of the Gospel of Christ. They were all Evangelical, although they were different in the way in which they managed their affairs. There used to be differences in doctrine. Still it seamed at first marvellous that bodies of Christians having the same view of religion of the New Testament, holding the same Saviour, having the same Idea exactly of Christianity, which depended upon the personal faith of the members, believing that the same Spirit in the same way actuated the Church—it seemed rem trkable that they should be acting quite separately on the seine grounds. Hare in Runcorn they had five Evangelical Free Churches, and they had to go into the very minutiae of Church life in order to find out what the differences were. How did this happen? In the lech century there was a great religious revolt against the authority of the Ceurch of Rome. At that time there were no Free Churches or vary few. The whole Christian world proceeded upon the idea that there was one Christian Church and one only. Whoa the Church had authority it declared what was Christian truth and what ought to be Obristian life, The Church of Rome became sunk in superstition, more and more tyrannical and bloodthirsty in its government, and the way in which it repressed all differences in opinion, and all active thought, was to put them down with the strong hand of lire and sword. Every view of the Gespel which differed from its own ; every whisper which had not the author- ity of the Church of Reins was repressed by phyeical means. The revolt against the Church was by those who were scandalized at the corruption and sins of Rome. It was at a tims when the Popes were unauestionably wicked men, sunk in vice and cerruption and profligacy of the worst kind, when they were murderers and robbers' lascivious men and peisoaere, Tnese ware men who ruled in the name of Jesus, and the revolt was against this whole system of wieked and worldly govern- ment. There was no alternative church to appeal to, and in a revolt against all that authority that existed they set up the right of every man to live up to his own conscience. The result was a return to Primitive Chris- tianity, and the reformers searched the New Testament in order to find a definite scheme of Government by which the Church was to be manaeed, but they could no; fled one. They fund a great deal about jostificition by faith, the election of persons to menage congregations, and the apostles going about confirming riders and deacons. The consequence was that people took different views. The speaker went on to describe the origin of the Baptists, Presbyterians, and Congregationalists, and later the Wesleyan Methodisss,which were as much a reformation enure) as those previ outly named. There were use in those times doctrinal difforencem.but within recent years these seemed to have gone. If they went into four dif- ferent evangelical churches to-day they would hear the same sermon in them all. Teeny preached the same doc- trine, and they carried on their churches very much in the same style, and the National Free Church Ceuncil movement had sprang up under their feet because the churches all over the country were abselutety ripe for it. It had moved with such rapidity that those who initiated the movement had had to follow and not to I lead. What were they to do? They were to hold up the ereat standard of evangelical truth in a country which seemed disposed to run away from it. Multitudes of the hest people in the Church of England were shocked and horrified at what they saw going around under a romaaising clergy. The other day, in spite of the anxiety and the skill of one of the most ekilful politicians, the plain common sense of the members of the House of Commons bade him be- ware, and he was told by Churchmen bound by party allegiance that the nation was not going to be led back to Rome, and that the clergy must obey the law or go. (Applause.) God send them strength to abide by that declaration. (Hear, hear.) Ha had no hostility to the Church of England at all. The one teiag the Church of England needed at this moment was a schism. Schism had been, and perhaps might be again, the method by wh oh God taught the truth t o them. Schism was better than compromise when the Gospel truth was in danger. In face of the danger to which the National Church was exposed it was the poeitien of the National Free Church Council to maintain an alternative Church. The Free Caurches w ore now federated and organize I to. feather in one National C uncil, which in itself was a National 'Cnurch according to all the definitions of a church. They held up this alternative church before tlie masses of the people of this country. The Frei Church Council would have to attack public immerality.nerruet mueicipilile I, the suppression of the dienk trafic and gambling and vice, and hold up a Caristian Church destined and determined to maintain a high standard of morals. (Applause.) Mr. Bunting spoke in conietnna • tion of the priestly Clailla9 of ties Roman Church. and said the democracy was th o soul of a true Christian Church. In the present ritualistic crisis the question lay between Christianity and the priesthood, and if the Evangelical party in the Church of Englaed would shill upon the truth of the Lord Jesus Christ, and rely upon the support of the Nonconformists, they were bound to win. (Applause.) The Chairman announced that from seine unexplained Cause, the Rev Robert Voitch, of Liverpool. bad not put in an appearance. Mr. R. H. Posnett proposed the following resolution;— "That tnis meeting hails will hearty approval the for- mation of an Evangelical Free Church Council in Run- corn, and calls up m all Nonconformists in the town an .l district to support it loyally and enthusiastically." He took it that the resolution really meant Vat they should become more brotherly and more fraternal than they had been before. He understood it to mean that they should avoid in their villages that great over-lappiee which had been one of the great troubles which. their Free (.3teurehes had had to meet with all throuele the pre_ seat century. One had not to go further than Main street, Feodsham, to see the over-lapping of Nonconfor- mist Churches. They would see there more churches for Nonconformists than tnere were in the whole of Fred- sham and Overton. He bed been brought up and nursed in the lap of Nonconformity, and he did not agree with one remark of the Chairman. He did not imagine any- one who had been nursed and brought up in Nonconfor- mity going to the Church. He sometimes tried ti imagine himself really going, but he did not know what thee would do with him. He did not think he would make a Churchman. He thought a great deal of the to- formation was due to the leading they got from Oliver Cromwell. He taught them and he believed they were learning the lesson, that all liberties were sealed and bound up by their preserving the liberty of conscience. Mr. Frit :nerd secended, aud toe motion was carried unanimously. Votes of thanks to the chairman, choir, &c., brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNED IN TITO& Mir O.INAL AT RUNCORN.

DRAM OF A SAILOR

Anot`ier victim was clainisd by the Ship Canal oo Tassday night. Carl Ostuens Malvor3en.2B years of a:-,e , a sailor of Porsgruad, Norway, was in Liverpool in want of a berth. Whilst there h 3 met the captain of the schooner "Fred," and was engaged by lurn to fill a vacancy. The captain, Ormond Thrysorsen, brought Malvorkm to Runcorn with him, arriving aZ, 5 p.m. At Percival'-lane the captain directed his new hand hew to find the ship, which is lying at-Weittoe Point, and or- dered him to be aboard at 7 p.m. At 9 p.m. Malvorsen was mst in Weston Point b Ole Signmen, steward of the barge " Conte " wale a was also lying at Waston Point Docks. According to Sigursea's statement Malvorsen was at that tim 3 the worse for drink, and the steward actin the part of the goad Samaritan took Malversen along the quayside, and fairly on the way for finding his new ship. Shortly afterwards he heard shouts as of a man in the canal, and proceeding to the spot saw the deceased sinking. At the same time John Jones of the schooner" Donald and Dols" also heard the shou ts and threw out a line to the drowning man. Malvorsen was unable to take advantage of ths line, and sinking be- neath the turgid waters of the canal did not rise a ,ain. Toe body was recovered some time afterwards.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY ORANGES

The following changes were notified in Tuesday night's" Gazstte" King's (Liverpool Regi- ment) - Lieurenant E F Kuialit to be captain, vice 11 Ross Johnson; Second Lieutenant G A Wilkinson to be lieutenant, vice E P Knight. The Duke of Wellington's (West Riding Regiment) : Captain Basil St. J Le Merchant DO be major, vice JA S Thompson transferred to the Princess of Wales's Own (Yorkehire Regiment) ;to be captains—T S Smith, vice W J Anderson, seconded, and F J Thursby-Pelham, vice B St. J La Merchant; Captain C H Lloyd, from the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment). to be captain, vice N W Fraser, D. 5.0., who exchanges; second lieutenants to be lieutenants—A A St. Hill, vice T S Smitho and P 0 P Lea, vice F J Thursby-Pelham. The Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment): Captain Norman W Fraser, D,5.0., from the Duke of Wellington's (West Riding Regiment),to be captain vice C H Lloyd, who exchanges Staff; Captain W Gwatkin, the Manchester Regiment, to be a staff captain at head-quarters vice Captain J B Clauson, Royal Engineers, who has vacated that appoint- ment. Reserve of officers: Captain H W Nichol- son, late the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment), removed.from the list under the age limit.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MONKS-THORA.S.

Cairo-street Chapel was filled to overflowing on Tuesday afternoon on the occasion of the marriage of Miss Margaret Elizabeth Monks, daughter of Ur. F. Monks, J.P , C.C. of Walton Old Hall, Warrington, and Mr. Francis Treherne Thomas,of Norton Lodge, Oystermouth, near Swansea. A large number of invited guests were present, and in addition there were many of the general public in the town and district anxious to witness the ceremony. The pews were rapilly filled, and a number of people were unable to gain admission. There was a display of choice flowers near the pulpit and lectern, and as the bright rays of the sun glinted through the stained glass windows of this time- honoured cnapel on to the brilliant gathering. a pleasing ensemble was presented. Promptly at 2.30, the bride arrived, and as she walked down the aisle leaning on the arm of her feller she was the cynosare of all eyes. She was handsomely attired, and was attended by twa bridesmaids, Miss Dorothy Monks (niece of the bride) and Miss Mabel Thomas (sister of the bridegroom). Mr. Harry Waechter, of Richenond, was the best man. The first part of the wadding ceremony was con- ducted by the Rev. W. a. Drummond. B.A. of War- ringtan,and the latter part by the Rev. Henry G3W, 8.A., of Leicaster, who delivered a short address. The bride was given away by her father, Mr. Frederick Monks. As the party retired to the vestry to sign the marriage register, Mr. Muir, A.R.C.0., played Mendalssohn's " Wedding March." fie also played. several appropriate voluntaries prior to the cere- mony. Toe wadding party and guests proceeded to Walton Old Hall where a reception was held The newly-married couple were the recipients of many presents. The honeymoon is being spent at the Italian Lakes and Switzerland. MILLING—DAVIES.

An unusual amount of interest was centered in the marriage of Mr. Harry Milling, son of Mr Henry Milling, of Grappenhall, and Miss Bessie Davies, daughter of the late Mr. John E Devies of the Old Warps. The ceremony took place in the Parish Church on 'Thursday afternoon, and was witnessed by a large congregation. Mose unable to gain ad- , mission to the church assembled nest the gates and were interested in watching the arrival of the guests, numbering over oae hundred. The scene was an animated one. There were dieter-bedecked carriages innumerable with epetlessly attired coachmen, gaily sporting white ribbens attached to their whips. Additional colour was lent to the scene by the bright dresses of the ladies, As the guests assembled, Mr. W. S. Woods, the organist, played a selection of music including Scstsen Clarke's " Grand Offertoire "in G. Punctuilly at two o'clock tile bride arrived, and she entered the church to the strains of the" Bri lal March "from " Lohengrin." She wee accompanied to the altar rails by Mr Harry J Davies (uncle) who gave the bride away, in the absenee of her brother, Mr. Dennis Davies. She was becoaaingly attired in a dress of white poplin, and wore a wreath of jerramin and myrtle, depending from which there was a tulle veil. She carried an ivory prayer book, the gift of her mether, There were four brides- maids in attendance, namely, Miss Milling, Miss Kirkcennel, and the bride's sisters, .I,liss Dolly and Miss Lucy Davies. Their dresses were of white em- breidered muslin, with sashes of mouseltne de soie, edged with violets. They also wore white hats to match. Bach lbridesmeid was the recipient of a pearl brooch,the gift of :the bridegroom, who ale() provided them with bouquets of white heather and violets. The duties of best man devolved upon the bridegroom's brother, Mr. Frank Milling. The Rev. Canon Willis, assisted by the Rev. H. S. Cameron (curate) offlnated. During the sigeing 4f the re- gister the organist played the " Bride's Mareh " frem " Rebecca," and as the happy couple left the , church, Mandelssohn's well known " Wedding March" from the "Midsummer Niget's Dream " re- some lei through the sacred edifice. Immediately afterwards the bells rang a merry peal. Au "At Horne" was subseqiiently held at the residence of the bride's raother,4,Museum-street,when about 130 guests were present. The newly-married couple were the recipients of many well wishes, and later in the day departed for Lairloa wave the honey- moon is being spent. The bride wore a blue travell- ing dress, trimmed with embroidered waite collar and chinchilla. The presents ware of a choice des- cription, and numbered 125.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
DEW flUitiT-FLE AI NG.

Th 3 church of St. llary',4, Butterniarket-sGreet, was a scene of unusual interest on Thursday, on this OC,.laiion of a welding whic't attracted a large number of sp3ct ttors. The contracting parties were Mr. Stanlislaus Dewhurst, son of the late kr. 0. De whurst of Accrington. and NLiss Lavinia Fleming, el lest daughter of toe late Mr. J. El Fleming, J.P., of Springfield-street Warrino,t in. Tee bridesmaids were Miss TdS3io and Miss Nora Reming (sisters of the bride), and Dr. Barber, of Shefll3ld, was the groomsman. The bride looked very becoming in a dress of grey and whits sillc,trimmed with white satin with true lovers'knots in silver, and a vest of white satin and silver. She wore a hat to match,trimmed with satin and silver and ospreys, and carried a shower bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley, the gift of the bridegroom The bridesmaids were attired in primrose silk, trimmed with helio- trope chiffon with lace of true lovers' knots. Leg- horn hats trimmed with chlfon and Palma violets and ti3d under the chin with chiffon, completed a charming costume. They also carried shower bou- quets of Palms violets and white flowers. The bride was given away by her brother, Mr. Wm. Fleming. The tiev.Father Jerome Dewhurst,of Mount SG Bern- ard Nionastery,L eicester, brother of the bridegroom, performed the marriage ceremony assisted by the itevs Fathers Wilson. and Mercer, of St Mary's Church. As the party entered the church,Alr. Mather the organist played the bridal march from " Lobe.ngrin" and at the conclusion of tho cere- mony the strains of " Xlendelssahn's " Wadding Manh,' resound3l through the church. The pre- sents ware both numerous and costly. The newly- married couple will spend their honeymoon in Brighten awl will afterwards reside in London.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PIRgTT- BLACKHURST.

An interesting local wedding took place on Thursday morning in Christ Church, Latchford, when the cmtracting parties were Mr. J6seph Parett,of Glenoariff, Ilfracembe and RO3O Adelaide, youngest daughter of Alderman Blackhurst, J 13, of Brook House, Latchford. The bride was given away by her father. Sae was att.ext-,1 by one bridesmaid, Miss Florence Blackhurst. The duties of best mm were discharged b/ Mr. Frederick Parett, of Exeter, brother of the bridegroom. A luncheon was Ferved at the house of the bride's father, and the bride and bridegroom afterwards departed for Lptidon en route to the Isle of Wight, for their honeymoon. There was a good attendance at church to show respect to the bride who was well-known ad respected in the village. The pre- sents were interesting and numerous.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

PEIISONAL.

At the recent Kensington Examination held by the K msington Incorporated Society of Science Letters and Arts of London, the following pupils of Mr. C. H. Dawson (silver medalist) successfully passed in pianoforte playing; Miss Ethel Dale, 76, Priestley-sreet,B7 marks witn hon3urs ; elementary section Ist class pass, Miss Lillie Green, 118, Battenby Lane, 82 marks; let class pass, inter- mediate section, also Nliss Jes-e Sykes 74 marks ; elementary section examination held at London College, Liverpool Centre. CYCLXS. —Special Ladies and Gents Machines at £7 15s See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington. ASK far OUNgINGriASI'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.---Advt.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO A WARMINGTON CURATE

An interesting presewation took place on Tues- day night at the parish room, Grassenciale, before a large and enthusiastic gathering, when the Rev. A. S. Cameron, who has just been appointed a curate ot the Warrington Parish Church, was presented by the congregation of St. Mary's with a handsome silver salver suitably engraved, a purse of 150 sovereigns, and an illuminated address. Speeches were made by the Vicar (the Rev. Charles Ye!d, M.A.) and Alderman A. Garnett, which were suit- ably responded to by Mr. Cameron, who expressed his sorrow at having to leave so many kind friends, and said he did not think anyone but a clergyman could realize what a wrench it was ta go away from a parish and leave those whose friendship was made in the saddest and happiest days of one's life. Such fiendship was not easily forgotten. The presenta- tion was made by Alderman A. Garnett, and the salver was suppliei by Messrs. Schierwater and Lloyd.

When askiro: for Cocoa, insist on having Capeoars.—sold only in Packets and Tins as other Cocoas are otten substi- tutel for the sake of extra protit,--Advt (1)

===== 0002601_18990421_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL.

The annual meeting. of this Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hsll, Eirlestown. on Monday. There werl present: Messrs CB F Borron, Callings., old, Wood, Fors'er, R St:me' .J W Emnett, Simpson. W Thompson, T Ormand, J N Patterson, E r Evans, N Siddeley, W Gilinhour, with Mr W W Shirley (clerk), and Mr Bowes (surveyor). ELECTION OF CELIIRVIESN.

Mr. Thompson proposed that Mr. Borron be the chair- man of the Council for the ensuing year. It gave him great pleasure to move the resolution for in the past Mr. Borren had williogly and ungrudgingly given much of his time to the work of the Council with very satisfac- tory results. They knew well what he had done and they also knew the onerous duties att ached to the position. He did not think it would be advisable to make a change because there were a nurnosr of very importaut matters whieh had not arrived A t such a point that it would be easy for his successor to take office. In this connection he referred to the water question in which the Chairman had always taken a deep interest and to the gas extensions which had been going on. There was another little matter that perhaps he might be allowed to mmtion and that was followiug on the lines of what M. Gtlmlur referred to last year that he would like to see Mr Barron made a permanent member of the bench of magistrates. (Hear, hear.) He laved that within the next year that honour would be canferred upon Mr. Barron.

Mr. Stone seconded the propesition, and agreed with the previous speaker tat it would be advisable to retain Mr. Borroe's services as chairman, that was if he was willing to stand. Tory great calls had been math upon Mr. Borroe's time anti ne hid acted as chairman evw since the Council was formed. He did not think it would have been possible for anyone to have given more timo and attention than Mr. Borren had done. Teen also there were vary impor,aat matters in hand Arid until these works were further advanced he thought they ought to retain Mr Barron as chairman. During the time he had held office he ha I had a very uphill task aid he had had mace hard werk to do. But with the alter- ations in the staff that had been made,9erhep a the work would ha 9 )inewhAt lightened. In coaclusian he paid a comoliment to the manner in which Mr. Borron had carried out him duties and hoped he would see his way to occupy the poeition for another year. Mr. J. W. Emmett supported the proposition and thoa,s,,ht it would be a great mistake to change horses whilst crossing a stream. Ele referred to alterations at the gas works and expected that they stood in a better position than was the Case at the last annual meeting. With regard to the water question he trusted that soon they would arrive at a p eint when a proper isupply would be yiel led, He pointed out that he had not been , opposed to the water sciteme since he could see his way clear that they were to benefit by getting the water thems4 vets. He mi2ht say that the Railway Company would only be too glad to be relieved of the duty of supplying th township as they wante 1 all no water they could get fer themselves. Mr. Glmour alio suoported the proposition. He thought that whilst it nsight be advisable at that time to make a change yet he did not believe in a p mition be- ing held too long by any one person. Their Caairman hat been in office for four years and he would like—of curse he wowcl not press for it—a gearantee that th 97 had a change nest year by which time the water ques- tion would most iikly be completed. Mr.Giimour pro- ceeded to 1-.1. I. to the little passages at arms they might have had during the year but no. ill-feeling hod been engendevd. He would be glad t) see Mr. Horton be- come a permanent magistrate.

The propositien wes unanimously aereei to. Mr. Patron in accepting the post thanked the splakers for the kind terms swivel they had alluded to him, and in the face of the unanimoasopiniens that had boon eitpresiel he coeld not refuse to again take the chair. lie might say that personalty he was desirous of retiring from the position and that if he was sPared to terminate the fifth year of his chairmanship he would give Mr. Gilmour a guarantee that hq would not acqeiele in a vote appointing him as chairmaa for another ye)r. He referred to the observations of Mr. Emmett with regard to gas and water which had be et particularly wrier his

(the chairman's) supervision. The-Gis and Water Com- mittee hal worked very bard and givsn a goad deal of attention during the p tat year both to the increased pro- duction and the better qnality of gas. With retard to the water question, in Qrder to find watsr they had had fto a good depth but he hopf'd withia a week or two to be in a position to lay a proper analysis before the committee showing really what hal been found. Toe principle of having their own water works seemed t m let (vitt) the wis,hes of the ratepayers, and was, he thouzht the true p-inciple. He acknowledged that the Rill w4y Company had alwayA treated them fairly, and their rela- tions had Wen very pleasant aril av•oeihlo.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE VICE-CLIAIR'NIAN

Mr. Emmett moved the appointmen: of Mr. Coning- WOCHI ao vice-chairman. He thought that gentleman load dicloarged his &filo, though thy had not lavm heavy, in a very satisfactory wanner. - D. Pattarson seconisd the proposition, wh7ch was unanimously ag-ed to. Mr. C ollingwo odreturnei thanks for the appointment, And toointed out how light tho duti,3 had been owing to the excellent Chairman they had had, THE APPOINTMENr OF CONIMITTEE:4,

A londisc ssion eniued as to ne app 4:itmsnt of conamitt.ei. The Chairman m3ntionNi that he had received a fillfVeition that ePrtain alterations shouli

made in the Committees. Last year they re-aopointed VI•I same Committees, but this year it was proposed to divide the Highways and Sanitary Committee. The SAnitary Committee would then be a separate comm Wee 'mat the Hignways D loartment would be amolgamated with the Cemetery Department, and the Committee thee known am the flihways and Cemetery Committee. It •was further proposed to amalgamate the General Par- -003:3 Committee and Parliamentary Committee with the Technical Instruction Cemmittee. This would enable them to reduce the number of Committees fr nu seven to six.

M. Emmett propoied, and Mr. Gilmour seconded, that the) committees remain as at preient.

Mr. Collingwood moved au .a(nsndment that the nhangts mentioned by the cha'rnan b) ma ie. Mr. Wsod se3ondel. and Mr. Stooe an] Mr. Thompson supported. On a vote being talon it was found that six votel for the proposition and six aninst. The Chairman thought the best course to take, seeing; that tilers wag not a pronounced decision in favour of a change, was to remain as at present. He nerefore !?:),,V9 his casting vote for the resolution that the committees remain as at present.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE' MEETINGS OF TFIE COUNCIL. THE TIME TO BE ALTERED.

It cam decided that till ordinary monthly maltin7s b 9 held on the first Mond ly ii °len month. Mr. Gilmour moved a propoAition that till hour of the rueetinz changed from four o'clock t) s. ll contended thit workinzmen were debarred from atteiding the meetings of the Council owing to the mesting4 being held at f or o'clock. Mr. E. T. Evans seconded. Mr. Thomps)n moved thit the meetings beheld at the usual hf,ur. ' Mr. Wood seconded.

After a desultory converntion,Mesars. Thompgon and Woad agreed to withdraw their proposition, and five o'clock having been sunested as a compr.-nnise the Council unanimously decided that in future the meatingS be held at that hour: This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A CHILD FATALLY BURNED.

M. S. Brighouse, counts' cor3oer, held an inquiry at the Engine Inn, Parr. St. Helene, on Monday afterno3n, on the t. ody of J ihn Uoswor-Je, t o years of ago+, son of John Uusworth, of 175, N.wton-nad, who died on Friday night from the effocte of burns nceived earlier in the day. It appearel that the mother left the hou.e to fetch in some coals, and immediately afterwards heard the boy screaming. On runnin,r into the house sill found the boy's clothing on fire. He was badly burned, and died the A&MO night.— A verdict of "Accident el death " was returned. A FAULTY LINK AND A FATAL FALL.

I On Monday afternoon Mr. S. Brighouse held an in- quest at S. Helees Tewn Hall on the body of Jams Johnson, 42 sears of are, labourer, of Marshall's Cross- road, Sutton. who died in the Providence Hospital on ISaturday from the effeets of injuries received at Har s'utw Brook Chemical Works on the previous day. Mr. Lauder, ass•stant inspector of fantories and worksh was present ; Mr. R. W. H. Thomas appeared for Mr William Taylor, contractor, by whom deceased had been employed; and Mr. H. L. Riley represented the relatives of the deceased man.—William Taylor, contractor, Helena-road, said that on Friday afternoon they were hoisting a beam of wood, 24ft lone' and weighing abut 4cwt. Deceased was in the act of guiding one end of the beam when a link of the chain broke and deceased {AI, sustaining the injuries from which he died.—The Coroner, after examining the broken link,said there was evidently a flaw in it. —Witness said it was a very slight flaw,and was not noticed until it broke.—The Coroner : How long have you had this chain in use ?—Witness.: About two years.—The Coroner: Had you this chain tes'ed from time to time ?—Witneee: I have not teatel it there.—The Coroner : My experience is that they go ma working chains nntil they break. —Witness said they did not do that. If they ever saw a flaw and found the chain faults, they did not use it.—Jaints Monsey, in the employ of Mr. Taylor, said he examined the chain, ropes, and hoisting arrangements at the works about ten days ago. Everything then appeared perfectly safe. He examined each link of the chain, and did not notice n y fie w.—Tlte jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." CHINA TWA SERVICBS, Dinner Services, Toilet and Trinket Sete. Cheapest honse.—l. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger. Bridge-street. Warrington. UNDBit THE CLOOKFon GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER Tag :OLOOK.—Advt.

LIBEEtAL MEETING AT EARLESTOWN'

A meeting of Liberals was held in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom, Eerlestewn on WednesJay even- ing, for the purpose of hearing a lecture by Mr. a. B. Sh)ree of Widnes, on "Three years of Conservatism—A contr tet." This was one of a series which has b ,en given dur ug the past week or two in vari )us parts of the Diviiiion. Mr. E. J. Evans presided. The lecture which was illustrated by lime light views was of an interesting character and set forth the work of the Conservative party during their term of office, as contrasted with the work of the Liberal party, the illustrations being ex- ceptionally good. At the close Mr. Shores said it had been found in all the groat movements of the time th it orga.nieation was indispensable, and in order to deal most effectively with their opponents. they must, as they did, organise. The Tories of the Newton Division, he believed, were ex- tremely well organised, and he tho eght it was import- ant, that they as Lib,rels shoeld bs in a similar state. There was a system which he thought they in the past had been in the habit of following, it was that they should form a Liberal three-hundred, and ' also that they should elect an executive. They found in the Newton Division that it had been the peaetice te anpoint 62 persons to represent the Polling Districts of Newton and Earlestown, and they should chose but of that number a certain number to act upon the executive which had to control the organisation, lectures, distri- bation of literature, and the selection of a candidato at an election. The other committee was a body of Liberals associated for the propagation of Liberal principles, a body which he hoped would be constantly on the alert for the advancement of Liberalism for the particular polling district with which it was connected. tie sug• yestad that they should receive names of all who might be useful on the committees and if they knew of any active Libera's, they might mention their names, and they could be communicated with to accept nomination. After apoeinting the 62, they could select from their number 10, who according to the list, they thought should represent them on the Executive Council. Several names were than taken of those willing to act on the committee.

Mr. Gilmour said he would gladly give his name as a manaher or the committee, but he had to decline to do so that might, for one or tw3 reasons. One was that he had not time to devote to it, and the other was that he could mot at the last rnorrielt go in and support a candi- date who villuld not nurse the Division.

Mr G W Rawlins said the reason they did not get a candidate at the bye-eleation was because they had no organisation. The attitude of Mr Gilmour and gentle- men of his mind would perpetuate that condition, and they must organise themselves before they could get a candidate. At the last general election many worked very hard, and he (himself) did all he could to get a candiJate to come forward. They had every pessible assistance from Mr. Ellis, and other Liberal leaders, and every candidate who was pressed to CODas forward, said their organisation ha fallen to pieces, but if it was in good working order, they would he very pleased te come )rward and fight for them. Uneil the organisation was got into a working condition there WAS no possibility of getting any candidate If they organised themselves and took that opportuue time which now presented itself, they would before long get a candidate, and when they did he would be ()le selected for the purpose of nursing the constituency. T.ies3 meetings which were being held all over the constituency wire the outcome of Mr. Ellis' labours, as he wished to do eis best to asst tee Newton Division, and he (Mr. Rawlins), regretted he was not now alive. He did not give up hope in the Newton avision, and he, the sneaker, hoped they were going to justify the faith Mr. Ellie had in them. Earlestown contained a good number of Radicals, and they only wanted banding togetber. They must organise them- selves for the cmning reeistraeion, they must have such a thorough regicration this year, as that constituency bad never before been seen.

A. number of hame s were then motioned as likely to blcome membsrs of the committee. A vote of thanks to the Chsirman and Mr. Shores, closed the proceedings.

STOCKTON HEA.TiI PARISH COUNCIL.

The first meeting, nf this P-irish Council as recently constituted was hold at the 11 ttional Schools on Mon- day evening. M. F. Pearson oreiiderl, and there were also present MPssrs. Clarke, Mclntyre, Whitley, and M tson, with Mr E Bradshaw (clerk). Mr James War- burton (senior overseer) and Mr Tirriperley ware also present.

ELECTIIN OF CH &I RX

AftAr the memb9rs had signei the declaration of aeceptanae of office Mr. Mclntyre proposei that Mr. Pearsm be chairman for the year.

Mr. Clarke seconded the propesition. Mr. M ism said he was sorry to 'Depose the resolution hut it was not from any personal feeling. He thought i; a mistake to gradually glide into a system of having one chairman year after year. It created the impression that there could only b 3 one chairman and he holding it year after year. it was ne-e3sary to appoint him again. And apart from that he thought each rnemb3r was en- titled to ho elected so long as there was nothing to dis- quslify him. Mr. Pear son said as regarde I Mr. Mason's remarks,he must leave it to the melting. He had had the Offill as chairman for two Fears bit was not arnbßions to hold it another. If any one else was qaa.lified to fill it he would Ow+. way. Mr. Mclntyre : Perham Mr. Mason will nominate a gentleman who is entitled by seniority to the chair. Mr. Mason sail ha had no proposition to make. Mr. Whitley supported the resolution. Mr. Pearson had filled the offile as chairman in a business-like and gentlemanly mann.r. R-3 was the oldest rnembar of the Parish Council anl he was therefore well qualified to fill the office. _ - -

Tnn m)tion waq pat to the meeting ani csrrie I, Mr. Ma3on only, not voting:.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
OVE RSEERS

Mr Clarke seid the thanks of the rateplyers were due to Mr James Warburton for his services as senior over- seer. For himself, as junior overseer, he should be sorry if Mr Warburton was not re-appointed. T, ere was such an immense amount of Work to be done, that if he wore asked to accept the office he would decline. Mr Warberton said it was his desire so to arrange the assessments that no one s'aould be aggrieved. He spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Bradshaw for the able man- ner in which he had kept the books and collected the rates. The books were as clear and as lucid as possible. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman : We are well served with nverqeerg and with the assistant-overseer,and I propose Mr James Warburton be re-electel the senior overseer. Mr Whitley seeonded, and the motion was agreed to unanimously. On the motion of Mr. Mason, seconded by Mr. Mclntyre, Mr Clarke was appainted the other overseer.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SPEMAL RATE.

Caboral accmmta hrving bean passed for payment. Mr. Mason moved that the salary of Mr. Bradshaw for the collection of the special rate be the same as last year, namely, £8 for each special rate—£l.6 in all. Mr. fflarke sec3ndmd, and the motion was agreA to,

===== 0002601_18990421_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDINARY MEWIINGS.

It was decided that the tbrae ordinary melting; be held as follows :-27r,h Jude, 3rd October, and 2nd January, 1900.

THE ASSISTANT OVERSEER

Mr. Clarke, in moving an increase in the salary of the. assistant overseer, said that wnen the parishes of Stock- ton Heath and Appleton were joined, with regard to the overseership the asseesimmta were £B6O, but when they were divided the figurel were—Stockton Heath £579, Anpletom £2Bl. With regard to the demand notes, 300 had to be sent out for Stockeon Heath. 160 for Appleton, :end 170 for Weton Inferior. When Mr. Ellison had the two parishes he was paid £5O a year for a.llecting the poor rate, and when the work was divided, although Mr. ISradihaw had more than twice the amount of work to do, he was only voted half of the a!ary, namely £25. Toe assistant overseer for Walton Inferior, althowgh his demand notes were only ecria,l to the App,eton demand notes in number, was receiving £25 for the ccllvction. Since Mr. Bradala,.w commenced the collection of the rates from the 25th March, 1898, to the 25th March of this year, the increase in the assessment amounted to about £4•88 He end )rsed every word which had been said about the manner in which the rate books were kept and the rate collector, end he proposed that the minute ef the 22nd February, 1898, be rescinded, and that Mr. Bradshaw be reappointed assistant overseer at a salary of £3O.

Mr kason seconded, and the motion was carried. The other business was of a formal character.

CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEWTON.

_ The anniversary sermons in aid of the schools connected with the above church were preached in the church on Sunday. The day being fine there were large congregations at each service. Appropriate sermons were preached morning and evening by Professor E. Armitsge. M.A., of Bradford, his dis- courses being listened to with intense interest. Special hymns and anthems were sung by the choir, Mr. A. Knight presiding at the organ. In the after- noon, a musical service was given in the school- room, before a crowded audience, when the follow- ing programme was submitted :—Anthem, "I will sing of Thy power ;" solo, "Cathedral voices," Miss Mather; quartette," But the Lord is mindful; se- lection, "Onward, ever onward," by the children; solo and chorus, "0 take my hand," Miss Nellie Mather and choir ; solo," Arm, arm, ye brave," Mr. Knowles; selection, " Springtime," children ; duet, "0 praise the Lord," Miss Mather and Mr. White ; chorus," The heavens are telling," choir; quartette, " Blessed are the merciful ;" solo, " Creations hymn," Miss Mather; selection, "Lift the Gospel Banner," children and choir. The collections during the day amounted to £27 -

" LINSBBD COVIPOUND " for Coughs and Colds, Asthma and Bronchitis. Or Chemists onlv.—&drt. " LINSHIM COAPOUND "Trade Mark of Compoanp oflcssenee of Linseed, for Coughs and Colds.— Advt.

LIT k'S'T NEWS.

===== 0002601_18990421_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEWTON YOUTH'S ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

On Wednesday marning, at the W arrington. County Petty Sessions, Geirge Frederick Archer 20 years of age, residing at 22, Wargrave-road Newton, was charged with attempting to commit suicide at home on the 4th April, by cutting his throat with a razor.—Elizabeth Harrison said she was defendant's sister, and he resided with her. A few days previous to the 4th April, defendant was very ill. He went to bed at 8 p.m. on Monday, the 3rd April, and witness subsequently found him lying across the bad with his clothes on. She asked him what he was doing like that, and he replied that his head was bad. She told him to go down- stairs for a powder. He did S), and afterwards went to bed. He Was vomiting an: coughing all night. The nest morning her son s!arted screaming and ha told her that defendant had cut his throat. Wit- ness sent for a doctor and the police. Defendant was troubled with fits.—Yaornas Hirrison, defen- dant's nephew, said that on April 3rd he slept in the same room as defendant. On the following morning defendant wakened him, and told him to go and tell his mother that he- had cut his throat. Witness did so and afterwards went for a doctor.— P.C. Schofield stated that he found the defendant at seven a.m. on the 4th met, sitting in the kitchen with his throat cut. He found the rP.zor produced covered with blood on the table. Defendant was ordered to be talc,ifi to Warrington Infirmary.—ln- spector Morgan rernarkei that defendant promised to take care of himself in the future. Toe wound 11 was not properly healed yet. On promisinQ to be- have himself better in the future defendant was discharged.

Warrington.—.Printed and published by John Waracmg at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-etr7o,l and published by them at the same place and also at Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, WLDNES ; 42. Ge°,lo street, ST. HELENS. and 3 Market-street, illtEmEsTovilaar ithe County of Lancaster and also at High-strae. 111/1"`". n tke County of Chester.—APßlL 21 1399

441 tow] ace& 1899

30tb I3un

Sing after Zp Thre

kai .._ 441 J

14 ..., t 1 )t INti

liv

===== 0002601_18990421_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTH.'S EXHIBITION OF PROVISIONS 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET.

lIRISTADELPHIAN ROOM, BOLD-STREET WARRINGTON.—LECTURN (D.v.) 6•30p.m.. April . Subject: "The Czar's me,sage of Peace," by Mr. J. IL °RUTH of Ormskirk. Seats free, No collections or offerings.

LORD BROS'. SHOW OF COSTUMES, COSTUMES, COSTUMES FROM 95. 11D. To 426, ALTERED FREE. FIT GUARANTEED. AT 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MET NGS ON LORD'S DAY. iltrRIL 23RD as follows : Worship 10-30. School 2, Gospel 'l'3o. All seats free. No collection. Books provided,

ON AND AFTER SATURDAY the 6th May the BANKS in MINI WILL OYRN on SATURDAY at ""cm and CLOSE at 11-30.

ON AND AF )ER SATURDAY. 6TH MAY NEXT, the BANKS in WARRINGTON will OPEN on I2ATURDAYS at 9-30 and CLOSE at 12 o'clock neon. By order, Pot Parr's Bank Limited, JOHN MURRAY, Manager. ,or Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Co., Ltd.. R. G. HENSHALL, Manager. Rot the Lancashire and Yorkshire B .nk L imited, F. W. GILBERT. Manager. Por the National Provincial Bank of England, Limited. R. H. MELDRUM. Manager. *4)r the Union Bank of Manchester. Limited, W. HARRIS WRIGHT, Manager,

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. THE WYCLIFFE BAZAAR 4` WITH A STRANGE DEVICE EXCELSIOR 1 " (FOR RIGB I MEMORIAL BUILDINGS.) MAY 9TH, 10TH, 11TH. AND 12TH. NOTE THE DATES AND COME ! !

411PVIG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE .1) DID-," " OH, YRS 1 ORNASIENTAL HAIR 6PBOIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LIMB-8 V 10382, LIVIIRPOOL." "THANK YOU."

Ul, ISS PARKER and rest of FAUILY desire to ktl. RETURN THEIR SINOBRB THANKS for kind in- quiries and sympathy shewn to them in their sudden bereavement. 50a. Priestley-street, Warrington.

ALL in DEBT or DIFFICULTIES should consult Mr. A. LEWIS. F.I.A„ 9, Union-court, Castle-street Liverpool. Creditors arranged with without bankruptcy or legal proceedings. Consult ition free. All persons served with writs or summonses should apply at once.

NOTIOE.—ALL FOWLS and PIGEONS found trespassing on laud belongin,2 to HICINkRD HUNT, in Ashton-in-nakerlleld, will he destroyed without further notice. Dated April 19th, 1899.

R. ARNARDO'S HOMES" FOR ORPHAN WAIFS. (Row maintaining nearly 5,030 Hometess Boys and Girls.) MR. JAMES B. WOOKEY, Deputation Secretary to these Homes, WILL DELIVER A LECTURE IN THE TOWN HALL, FttODSLIA.M, ex TUESDAY, 2ND MAY. AND IN THE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, ox THURSDAY, 4Ts MAY, 1899. SUBJECP "OUT OF THE DEPTHS," ILLUSTRATED BY STEREOPTICON VIEWS. 7HE ORPHAN HANDBELL RINGERS WILL PLAY ENELISE, SCOTCE AND WELSH AIRS. VOCAL SELECTIONS (SOLOS, ,DUETS AND TRIOS). -- THE LITTLE HIGHLAND PIPERS WILL DISCOURSE WEIRD MUSIC, AND ALL TEE BOYS WILL GIVE AN EXHIBITION OF CYMBAL DRILL. __— REALISTIC PICTURES OF CHILD-LIFE IN THE SLIMS AND IN TEE HOMES. The Chair to be taken at 8 o'cloak each evening. ADMISSION : Front Seats, One Shilling. Second Seats, Sixpence. . A SPROI ALL couminolsr In aid of the funds of the Homes during the proeeedings. Tickets may be had, at Fro Ishtm of Mr. Rimmer, Crosbie Reuse or Mr. Kennerley, At Runcorn, at the Seamen's In.stitae, or of Mr. Byfield, 13, Thomas-street.

DOG COLLARS.—First-class Collar, collie's or terrier's, with name and address. is 6d post free ; Muzzles half-priee.—RougaTs. Engraver, 87 Lord-street Dverpool.

DUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 111 T. BEKUNGTOWS Improved Hi/actual TRIMS tor Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Loa oon-road. Manchester.

•-•-•T?14/ i; '!.-,•l,Pl:l't,'/I's BOROUGH 010 tpfri.‘`',:k,-44'1, WARRINGTON. '4.4<114:d. ~,.7 ' '.-ei..:•-lba. W ARKIN GTON CORPORAiTION CONCEN- TRATHD MANURR. TW EN TY-1, I AST SEA soN. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, ' PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

WEDDING AND BIETHDA.Y PRESENTS. A COO COINS. WAR MEW IS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN 4, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S PENNTNGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-33. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. CHURCH-LA.NE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

“DR. BARNARDO'S lIONIES ” FOR ORPHAN WAIFS (Now maintaining nearly 5,000 Homeless Boys and Girls.) MR. JAMES B. WOOKEY, Deputation Senetary to these Homes, WILL DELIVER A LECTURE, IN THE PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. ON WEDNES DIY, 3RD MAY, 1899. SUBJECT "Our OF THE DEPTHS," ILLUSTRATED BY STEREOpTICON VIEWS. RR ORPHAN HANDBELL RINGERS W ZLL PLAY ENGLISH, IRISH, SCOTOEI AND WELSH AIRS, VOCAL SELECTIONS (SOLOS, DUETS AND TRIOS.) IT -HE LITTLE HIGHL AND PIPER WILL DISCOURSE 'WEIRD MUSIC, AND ALL TEE BOYS WILL GIVE AN EXHIBITION OF CYMBAL DRILL. 'REALISTIC PICTURES OF C KILD•LIFE IN THE SLUMS AND IN IBE HOMES. The Chair will toe taken at 8 o'cloek by WORSHIP. Tall MAYOR. ADM [MON Front Seats, and Centre 9-allery (Plush Chairs), One Shil'ing. Body of Hail, and Side Galleries Sixpence. A SPECIAL COLLECTION. U aid of the funds of the Homes during the prc3eedings. ----- WEDNESDAY, 28in APRIL, I s RED LETTER DAY. A NEW HOVIII WEEKLY. ORDER No. 1 NOW. OF ALL NEWSAGENN—ONE PENNY.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROD, LIVERPOOL Is now showing an ENORMOUS STOCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST STYLES AND MOST MODERATE PRICES IR the City. BARLOW'S IIC POWDERS. Cure Pain In Face, Teeth, Limb 3 ; Neuralgia, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Ansemia, &c. All Chemists is 1;(1 and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILIALEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good quality and first-class workmanship The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them IT FOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large sto3k, experiee.ce, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which naturally apply to Our well-known extensive business of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852), in whisth we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all parts of the country, make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE t LESS TITAN THE USUAL Ct.taT PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. iii. REED AND SON, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL. LIME-STREET END (Close by the Adelphi Hotel).

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CHAS. W. BUTLIN & SON, PADGATE NURSERIES AND POULTRY-FARAI NURSERYMEN, FLORISTS SG SEEDDIRN. MARKET : WARRINGTON, EARLESTOWN, STOCKibrl H I:72tr MoNDITs. Inspection of Nurseries invited.

R. CLA.NIP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) Fro ni 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GEMINZ EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IN CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RPIEUMATIO GO'JT, SCIATICA LUMBAGO, HEADACHE. PAINS IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES, CHILBLAINS, &D.I PRICE Is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST 18. 3D. J. H. AND So JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL ; 7, CHURCH-STREET; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from Rve.Ns, SON AND CO., and Jona TROMP- ON, Liverpool.

WARRINGTON EXIIIBiTION 1b99. THIS ,SPACE IS RESERVED POE VISITORS ARE REQUBSTEDUTO PURCHASE THEIR PROVISIONS FROM POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S, PROVISION MERCHANTS, 22, BUrrERMARK ET STREET. 22, EUTTERMARKET-STREET.

STAND No. 9. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY ARE NOW EXHIBITING A CHOICE COMPLETE! CHANGE EACH SELECTION OF "". OCCASIONAL CHAIRS, ETC.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR TWO MONTHS ONLY! A AN ADVERTISEMENT TO ADVERTISE OUR NEW STUDIOS WE SHALL PRODUCE FOR TWO MONTHS ONLY, 12 PROMENADE MIDGETS FOR 3s. 12 HIGHLY FINISHED CARTE i ss. 12 HIGHLY FINISHED CABINETS EXTRA FOR CHILDREN AND GROUP z. The New Studios have been erected upon the most approved principles and neither pains nor expense spared to make the same the FINEST STUDIOS IN THE DISTRICT. J. PARKINSON'S NEW suumos9 EGYPT STREET, QUEEN'S GARDENS, WARRINGTON. NOTICE.—EGypT STREET IS THE FIRST STREET ON THE LEFT GOING DOWN BOLD STREET.

FURNISH THROUGHOUT AT LOWEST PRICES. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. MOST ARTISTIC FMCS 'SUING- ESTABLISHMENT IN EN3LAND. STYLE, QUALITY, AND ECONOMY.

NUTT ALL'S RECONSTRUCTION SALE. THE WHOLIi.I OF MOSS HOUSE HAVING BEEN PURCHAS.u.T. BY NUTTALL'S IN OPEN MARKET, THE CHIEFS HAVE DECIDED ON GREAT ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS THROUGHOUT THE BUILDINGS, THEREFORE THE ENTIRE STOCK OF £75,000 VALUE MUST BE CLEARED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE COST PRICES. NUITALL, SONS, & CO., MOSS HOUSE, 15, 17, 19, 21, 25, & 27, MOSS-ST., LIVERPOOL.

NUTTALL'S, THE RENOWNED ENGLISH HOUSE AND EIOTE6 FURNISHERS, SPECIAL GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTHS, Ac. THE SALE WILL BE THE LARGEST AND MOST GENUINE EVER HELD IN LIVERPOOL. COME IN CROWDS FOR THE BARGAINS. CATALOGUES AND ESTIMATES Pon FREE ON APPLICATION, 15 To 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS: PROMPT CASH ONLY.

N lITTAL L'S, HOUSE FURN.SHERS FOR THE MILLION. ENTIRE PREMISES TO BE ALTERED AND MODERNISED IN ORDER TO MAKE IT THE FIRST AND FOREMOST IN THE KINGDOM. THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS THIS IS THAT THE ENTIRE STOCK BE CLEARED. HIGH-CLASS NRW & SECOND-HAND k'UIiNITURE NOW FFERED AT ALMOST GIVING-AWAY PRICES, To EFFECT Alf INSTANTANEOUS CLEARANCE, Goods Packed Free and Carriage Paid to all pate. All Cases and Wrappers to be returned. 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS, PROMPT CASH ONLY.

TAM O'SB.ANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXEIALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY IfINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depits and Show Rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON MR. A. STAN WAY. 37, 1317 TTERM AR& ET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN : MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK. ino:cstoNGElts.

ASK YOU IL G ROCE It olt FLOUR DEALER FO R "Ti. C. YEAST • . T. THERE ARE CHEAP INFERIOR YEASTS AND MANY FOREIGN MAKES, BUT D.C.L. IS OF HOME MANUFACTURE AND THE BEST. IF YOU CANNOT GET IT DROP A POST CARD TO DORAN AND CO., 22, PRINCESS-STREET, WIGAN. GROCERS, BAKERS, AND CONFECTIONERS WE-10 CANNO GE r DCL." YEAST FROM THEIR RESPECrIVE DEALERS, KINDLY WRICE US AND THE SAME SHALL HAVE OUR IMNIEDIATE ATTENCION.

DO YOU REQUIRE FASHIONABLE TAILORING FOR SP RIN G AND SUMMER. MEN'S TWEED SUITS, NEW COLOURINGS FItOI MEN'S BLACK VICUNA AND WORSTED COATS AND VEST FROM 15s. 6D. MEN'S STYLISH TROUSERS FROM The Choicest Selections in High Class WOOLLENS and WORSTED Suitings. FROM THE MSC MAKERS IN THE KINGDOM. -YOUTHS SUITS. Al up to Date. Stylish At Popniar Prices. BOY'S SUITS. A Marvellous Assortment of Styles in the Essex. Howe, Leslie, Lincoln, Viscount, Sirdar, Baron, Howard, Sultan, Stirlimz, West End, Grant, Oval, Golf, Norfolk, &c. From 3s. lid. to 10s. 61. The Largest Stock ot Juvenile Specialites in Town. ORDER DEPARTMENT. SUITS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from - 335. TROUSERS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOT dING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEM A.RK ET-ST REET, WA RRINUTON,

STAND No. 46. TB E 4. w ARRINGTON GAS ENGINE" MADE BY E. FORSHAW & SON, ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASSFOUN DERE. For Excellence of Workmanship, solidarity of design. simplicity of valve and governor arrange- ments the Warrington GAS ENGINES are far and away supe!ior to all others A six-horse power and a two-horse power Warrington Gas Engine may hi seen working in the INDUSTRIAL EXHIBI- 110N, and intending purchasers would do well to inspect them. We are prepared to GIVE A 12 MONTHS' GUARANTEE WITH ALL OUR ENGINES.

3• S. GARLAND, TRADES EXHIBITION, STANDS No. 10, 11, 12. SEE OUR SPECIAL EXHIBIT OF PREMIER, NEW RAPID, AND EXCELSIOR CYCLES. PRICES FROM V 15s. Od. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISHING IRON- MONGERY. BRASS FENDERS, ice., &c. ALSO AT 51. 53, 551 BRIDGE SrREET, WARRINGTON.

S TANWAY'S GOLDEN VIRGINIA CIGARETTES ARE A DELICIOUS S3IOKE. ON SALE AT EXHIBITION STALL BD. PER OUNCE.

STAND No. 26. R. ROBERTS & SON, 19, BRIDGE-sTREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL EXHIBIT OF FIRST-CLASS BOOTS & SHOES. THE LATEST AND NEWEST FASHIONS FOE THE SUMNER SEASON.

AT " SUNRISE" STAND. NOW READY. (pis cxy VII, ARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS," 1798-1838. Br WALTER GR )MPToN AND GEORGE VENN. PRICE is. The "Manchester Courier," in a special Leader on the work, says:—" Not only ' Warringtonians,' but all Lanca- shire people will be interested in this little yolume just issued by the ' Sunrise' Publishing Co." NEW MUSIC: SONG " WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS," (Words by Arthur Bennett, Music by Walter Crompton); with " BLUIIBACKS " WALTZ. BT WALTER GRoMPTON. PRICE 2s.

YOUR VISIT TO THE EXHIBITION IS INCOMPLETE UNLESS YOU CALL AT STAND No. 29, AND HAVE YOUR HANDS PRACTICALLY EX- PLAINED BY THE SCIENTIFIC PALMIST. E. H. M OND. FOR AN AFTERNOON'S GOOD FISHING, DJN'T MISS THE FISHPOND. THE LATEST ELECTRICAL NOVELTY.

ESTABLISHED OVER 20 YEAS. M• MASSEY, FRUITERER. GREENGROCER AND FLORIST, COVERED 111,tREBT, AND ACTON GRAN NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY. Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables from our own Gardens Daily. Orders by Telegram and Letter receive every ewe and prompt attention. TELEEIRLPIIIC ADDRESS : MASSEY, FLORIST, WAFRINGTON

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1899. VISITORS SHOULD NOT FAIL TO SEE W. SMITH & SONS' ELASTIC STOCKING-MAKING MACHINERY. The Only Makers of ELASTIC STOCKINGS, LEGGINGS, KNEE CAPS, ANKLETS. and ABDOMINAL BELTS In Lancashire. Smith and Sons' Elastic Stockings are extensively worn by Ladies and Gentlemen, Professional Men, Shopkeepers and Assistants, Artizans, Post Wen, Soldiers, Sailors, Policemen, and all Athletes. W. SMITH & SONS, 37, REECE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. STAND 48.

WM. WINSTANLEY, REGISTURED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS. CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Pitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. E*timates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON,

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. ARTHUR W BAKER'S GAUGES, SEE STAND No. 27. ON THE STAGE, IN THE CENTRE OF THE OLCHESTRA. EXCELSIOR GAUGE WORKS. WARRINGTON.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LIMITED 153, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. SETS ritem 21e.; SINGLE TOOTH Piton/ 2s. 6d. GAS EXTRACTION 28.6 d. TEETH FITTED WITHOUT EXTRACTLVG OLD TRECTIE OR STUMPS ON TEN NEW PAINLESS SYSTEM. HIGH CLASS DENTISTRY AT HALF THE USUAL CHARGES! 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ETERT WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY.

STAND 41. THOMAS ALLEN AND SONS. SANITARY PLUMBERS, GLAZIERS, PAINTERS, AND DECORATORS, NOTE THE ADDRESS: MERSEY SI.REET, BitIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

SE WILLIAM PARIUNEON'S STAND IN CORRIDOR (NEAR STAGE), FOR THE BICYCLE CHAIN BRUSH, A BOON TO CYCLISTS. ALSO THE JUHEL GEAR, A WONDERFUL INTENTION. Cyclists ehculd see the Trouser's Clip and Lock for Cycle (Combined). AGENT for SMITH & SONS, NOTED CYCLES SALTLEY," AND THE WOODS.TOCK TYRE. T VV ILLIAM PARKINSON, 2. BMDGF.-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• • STAND NO. 18. INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, 1899. EDDO WES AND CO., LTD., MINERAL W ATER MAN UFACTURERS AND HOP BITTER BREWERS. FACTORY: SCOTLAND -ROAD, WARRINGTON. AWARDS RECEIVED. Gold Medal and Diploma, In'ernational Brewers' Exhibi- kiwi, 1894 ; also Prize Medal for Ginger Ale. EDDOWES AND CO., LTD., WARRINGTON.

1899. TN 9.DES AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. PARR HALL. rry EA, CoFFEE, AND REFRESHMENT ROOMS. Don't forget a cup of Pure Tea or Coffee will refresh you, and thus add to your pleasure and enjoyment. CAKES, CONFECTIONERY, ETC., WARRANTED PURE FROM PARK BAKERY, SA.NKEY-STREET. The Bakery is fitted with the latest Machinery and Ovens for the production of Bread and Confectionery on the most clean and Hygienic Principles, and is open to visitors to the Exhibition for inspection. Being the most moiern and up-to-dato Bakery in the dietriet. it is well worth a visit.

W. BOOTIIROYD'S NOVELTY STAND. ELECTRIC PIANO, THE GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE, THE LATEST STYLE of POLYPHONS. SYMPHONIONS for HOTELS, RESTAURA.NTS, &c. &c. ALSO ANTE-ROOM FOR EDISON PHONOGRAPHS, GRA.PHOPHONES AND GRAMOPHONES. These Talking Machines, Talk, Lane), and Sing all the Latest Songs. Agent for COLLARD & COLLARD'S celebrated PIANOS. 134 BRII:IGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

OR VG 1-i TS. EXAMINER, APRIL 21.3 t, 1899 All communications including solutions to problems, and pro'ilems for Competition, must!), addressed to the " Draugts Editor." " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must r, ach the office not later than the first post on F aIDAY morning. The Drauzhts Eslitor will be pleased to n,ceive problems from lo,al players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enceiries]. ANSWERS TO CCUMESPONDENTS. J. LEE, WARRINGTON. Many thanks for prob- lems; will make use of some at our earliast con- venience. SOLUTION OF PROBLENt No. 29. By Mn. E. OGDEN, WARItINGTO.g. Black men oil 2, 3,4. 9 10, 12, 19, am]. 20 ; Kings on 25, and 26. White men on 5, 6,7, 11, 16, 23,27, and 28 ; Kings on 17. White to move and win. 28.-24 27-24 5 1 18-14 5-32 19-28 20-27 3-• 10 9-18 white wins 23-18 17-14 11— 8 1-5 12-19 10-17 4-11 2 9 PROBLENI No. 30. BY MR. J. LEE, WARRINGTON. [nr.,AcK.]

-.6 r : ..„, -17 ,cD.re,/,,IcD cD.r z , g,A g f / .r

• ;:wrarE:i Whitt to tuovi! an I win. .2 A neat ' stroke,' with a familiar finish. ---- SOLVERS' LIST. 2r0V101.13 Problem Total score. No 28. Pts J Green. Warrington 44 2 46 "E J P," Warrington "U P," Warrington 39 2 41 F Wright. Warrington 36 2 38 A Hall, Warrington 3O 2 32 S. Tavlin, Warrington 08 2 30 J Lee, Warrington ,..29 2 24 W Hewitt, Warrington 18 2 20 I , T Barnes,Sankey Bridges l4 14 T P Forbes. Warrington 12 2 14 E Donaghy, Padgate lO 2 12 H Powell, Warrington .. 10 2 12 ' D Plinston, Warrington l2 12 J W Plinston,Warrington l2 12 I"J R," Padgate - 10 E Ogden, Warrington 6 2 8 G Lowe, Warrington ... G Rowe, Warrington 8 Albinson, B,;ockton Heath 2 2 4 R Mercer, Padgate - 2 J Ross, Penketh 2 2 J R Grieve, Warrington W PI Kean,Warrinp,ton T Rickers, Warrington ... 2 2 W Mas,i,ey, Warrington — 2 2 ----- TIZAP.i FOR TIM UNWARY. The following trap is brought up fram the "Fife" game. 11-15 17-13 19-25 29-22 13-27 23-19 14-13 3'— 5 10 —l4 32-23 9-14 19-16 13-18 22-17 8-11 23 --17 12-19 25 -a 14 --88 (b)24-19 (a)5 9 16-23 18-25 27-23 (a) Forms the ope.iting known as tie " Fife." sl named on account of the late James Wyllie. who bailed from Fife- shire, and played it for the first time against Ladersoa in 1847. (b) Losing move. forming po3ition on diagram. 23 —l9 is the correct-, play to draw. rm. keK 1

/ 0 479 1 i VA „, „Jo' ',I c, , z / cDN irA ~ 7 F_ cr-)1; ,

LWRITE. Black to move an-I win. 7-10 4 8 8-12 11-15 3 - 7 31-26 25-2 t 26-23 23-18 B!ack wins. NEWS OF THE GAM. CAIRO-STREET 2ND V. GOLBORNE ST. BAPTIST.— Played on Wednesday the 12th kat at Cairo-st. Score : Wins CAIRO-ST. Draws GOLBIRNE-ST. Wins 2 r Wright 0 N Ralrnford o 3 T P For'.es • 0 G Howe 0 14 Plin.ton 2 3 Rat3liff. 1 It Heigh 3 H Dunne . 0 B Davies o _ _ _ 11 3 4 Ap.-- -‘ o rll - IEILd ,-.111,. - ~ The small dilgram wil enable our tetders to fr a on 6 Ner,wo,7-4i, understand the notation by which the moves of the CEIK/Clavi II f, game eaniuepi:t,raetl;,-ecosrcidueadr.s Bn luanic k. 13 reerazingrfi Lelzed Inutmo numbered A to 32. :-t t'2 The figures thus (11-15) Wal, AMAMI indicate that a move is won, ow ~r,laudaeresferoomnumabnedredtoßlehit: PlErAerlin 28 has the opening move and - ',.. • ' '4, • -,, f,"; Et, pairs of figures apply -OEt, ,/ 32 alternately to Black and IN ..tv/ • White to the close. • Easy Home Dvemg 1 Z is now possible for an inexperienced . person to dye cotton, . 4,... v.- ,i- -001, silk, feathers, }-,45:,, e.c..c., a black that will ca'',ii.;:x-qt, not tade, smudge, or wash out if you 11Zie , •tT.'• ..v-4-4' fir , =. .. , ._ ~ „.. )1 ,_! - 1.1,1.-t;-_T iN 15 :,‘ f.'l 1:k -PT i .7T,—) - - ....1 .... t.., ~ ( 11 ( , tt.it,,,:.. Pk., ...,, -,-- ;•• 1./ • --,-----', • 74- b: v ii:s 0, fo With a Six-',--(--L--:-:---,,- './.)• (01\101 , i penny package ' ('' `- ii 1,, I of any one of "t•'', --L.A . 1 i I the three fast \ .t -TI-7-z. --f3r--..1.:-'l.f • 1 black dyes—for ' ;1.--:a 1.--- /1 4, wool, for cotton, --:-.-•-= -..:-, _-_-.,--_,-,...... --_-,-,,. .:-..- • 4.?...-- ~.,c•- and silk and ce..g., feathers—the first trial brings success, and the directions on the package 'are so simple- that even a child can get the best results. There are more than 40 colours of Diamond Dyes, and their superiority is unquestioned. Sold everywhee, 3d. and 6d. packets. . A dainty book, "Successful Home Dyeing," and 45 samples of dyed cloth, sent free. Addiess, DIAMOND DYES, 31 & 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C. THE

-**,W Per Cent., OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TeRFEI UVER 01, PAK KIDNEYS WARNER'S " SAFE" CURE

. i II 'el) S. (3 ARLA N Dy .1. - - 'et .4 ! -I'',. It 61 53 & 65 BRIDGE ST., Warrington. ) JAGENJT FOR . : '.,m rgct ~ 14 • ••,,,. 111 N CATALOGUE ON APPLIGA I. ' •• \ M %-y JI S GARLAND . S. ) FOR , , r-. i--,i, .Lq.-,,,•re5,,, 0 , , 1 ~,„. I , ... 45 , ~. -:: ~ :,,, .A .., .., ''-i-Ei T fr, ) El ' 1,,-;- vts--46cv"'-',l,- . s , ~ _.---:--..- ~"---, *; 411.v1) ' '''" ' - - ° • '" ' ~:* ~ ' ? ----:.- - - --;''---.:: ' ' ' 111ADL ,7*---------------------,:: -,1---;;.1"::eli: •,-g'; . ' : .‘ '°': , ' ; ,ik : . ut, 0-kitkiTioN. of ~ - _ .-• • J. S. GA Rili A.N 15 .FOR .. . •- - - - ..' ' .. •le , - , 44-I'GH4P . LASS ---."- ..'.'.'- .......', - ‘'''''' < CO* ,1,-, ~ ~ -.. 41; '',': : , 715111 'TENNIS _-,,.c_N 4 • .- . , ' 0.:71F1?!..c7 7 : '‘`? rt•- Craw OGuEoN APPLICATION • - ~,..... ,r, J . S. Cr2.,.ELLAi1.1.473 FOR 1. ' --'—',s9 =2., ',* 4,.''' •,.. . '.'• 9'.' . ' ------ c A TALOCLIZ ON APPLICATION. I% kii . il ”64,_!.0.4„,,. 40.14 4, ~.- ~T .jiri jj.....4,—, ....: _ ~, , - - ~. A • \••• 11 61.. • , i% ,i 4.0:1, ' r...... # a GARLAND . 1,..), • 1 AGENT FOR ~..44. ' ith a '6'3:9 %' -*, , ..•,. ' t•••,,,.., , . A . . AL ak.., , u A " t ..; • 1 ;;••••-y „_ KATALOCIJE ON ApPLiciditifil „.... - ..S •t", , N ' Nk ~Kk,-N.prk Nt km , • .. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, From whom may be obtained. the most complete Sports Catalogue issued.

What are Symptoms? Symptoms are the little aches and discomforts which tell us when we are not quite well. They are not disease in themselves, but only the signs of disease. Ordinary medicine cures symptoms: the Disease itself is cured by I) re , , •ii • 9 • 7 \ ; illiae ' s Pink Pills -2- 0 s: "it for ' ale - i e pl_.e• That is the difference. Below are described some of the diseases they cure.

‘ATANTED, clean active GIRL, about 18 ; no washlnir ; I good home. 50, CECIL-STREET, Whitworth Park, Manchester. WrANTED, BOY, as Page; also smart General.—Mrs. RAWSON, 179, Lord-street, Southpott.

WTANTRD, GENERAL SERVANT; good character ; £lB to £2) ; no washing, but some ironing.—Mrs. SITATIRD, Holy Trinity Vicarage, Darwen.

WANTED. respecca INT 4de GIRL, as GRRHAL ; about 18 ; small family ; p,ivate house ; charact.r required.— Mrs. WHITEHEAD, 10, Linaker-street, Southport.

WANTED HOUSENIAID. experienced. disengaged, also Cook-Generals, Housemaids !cc., want places.—Miss METCALF., Bryngwynedd Bezistry, Colwyn Bay.

NS ALE and En AL-. URSES INsTITUTION, 70, Hope- 11l street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTED GOOD COOKS AND GENERALS. YOUNG GIRLS, As NURSES OR LIGHT-GENIIRALS IT LIBERTY Now. MARROW'S REGISTRY, FOR RIISPEOTABLII SERVANTS, 1345 MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN.

FERTILE Dark Brahma EGGS from a grand pen; 45. 6d a sitting; well racked.—H. B. BAILEY, Harden, near Bingley.

EGGS front Pure-bred White Leghorns; prize strain ; 3s 6d per sitting. Mrs. Linvis, Aldon Farm, Craven Arms, Salop.

DDSS INDIAN GAMS EGGS, prize strain, 3s. per Sitting.- GEORGE FR035111, The Hundred, near Leo- minster, Herefordshire.

ENDIAN GAME EGGS from winners at Hull, Shrewsbury, Plymouth, 6s 6d sitting. No. 2 Pen Ss.—DA.E,TWRIGHT, Ditherington, Shrewsbury.

WHITE LEGHORNS, Prolifio layers. Sittii gs prize pen 4s ; second pen 35 dozers Unrertile replaced.—MooßE, TIPPING, Alderley Edge. Cheshire.

HIGHLY COMMENDED Whlte LEGHORN EGGS 3. 6d. dozen; warranted.—Mrs. BRIMMER, Brooks- square, Newton-le-Willows. Lancashire.

I 3 TOWN LEG-HORNS—EGGS for Sitting, from wonder- ") ful layers ; pure-bred prize strain ; pr!ce 35 Scl for 13.-- IrB- GROOM, Buckatree, Wellisieton,bbrupshire.

CHA MPION CUP and gold mein' strain. white Leghorn Eggs 4s 6d per sitting ; unfertile replaced free.—E. WELPORD, Horne Farm. Rexby, Staithes, Yorkshire.

LiGGS from a grand pen of black Minorca, Furaland's _EJ Webster's strains, bs a dozen. nnfertiles replaced if re- turned —llioNtla CLosk. Thorns Poultry Farm, Sedbergh.

12OR SALE, pure Minorca and Langshaus, 3s• ; Houdan I! and Silver Wyandotte Eggs, 3s. 6d. per dozen ; Hunter's strain.—Apply R. P. WARD. Lubstree-park, Wellington. Salop.

UGGS for S tting from grand pen Black Orpingtons, El prize bred, ss. ; Brown Leghorn, 4s. sitting ; unfer- tiles replaced; inspection invited.—BßlMLEY, 9, Crosby- road. Birkdale Southport.

ECOGS for sitting, from Pure Bred Blallc !dinorcas and White Lpghoms gold laying strain, 2s 6,1 a sitting; 3s packed. J. HUGHES, Bruche Heath, Padgate, near Warring- ton. No business done on Sunday.

EGGS FOR BITTING from the following 3 Pure 'Bred _EJ Black Minorca. White Leghorn, Andalusian., Golden Wyandotte,lndian Game, at 3s per sitting, unfrrtiles replaced if returned Larriage WEARDEN, City /dawdesley, near Ormskirk.

UGGS FOR SITTING,—IfIrs. RILEY. Norton Lodge, Tim _FA perley, near the station, can now sell a few sittings from her high-class Minoreas. Orpingtons, White Wyan- dottes, Wyandottes, Buff Coatilas, Indian Qame- Black Hamburg ; 4s, sitting.

MIGGS FOR SIMINGS from splendid pen of Black 1:4 Minorcas Cook .ind Miller's strain 31. 6d per dozen ; also from grand pea of brown Leghorn., Lister Key's strain, 2s. 6d., and from very good pen of white Leghorn. 2s. 61. ; packed; unfertiles replaced.—TAYLOß, Ascot House, St. Martins, Salop.

UGGS (PRIZI3 STRAINS) Rocks, Orpington.. Silver 1j Wyandotte.. Minorca., Houdans, buff and white Leg. horns. 3s. pr doz. Buff and Partidge Coohins. buff Orping- tons. light Brahma., and Indian Game 3s. 6d. ; Mammoth Turkey's, 8d each, Incubators El 10s. Bearers from 7.. ed. Grit Smashers 3s. each, J. G. Powx.sia, Barrow Hall-lane, Sankey. Warrington. EGGS from grand SPRCIMENS of the following varieties. White Leghorn., large eggs, Langshans Black Orping- tons, lovely tinted eggs, tudian Game and Black Hamburg. all bred for laying purposes, 4s 6d per sitting ; unfertiles re- placed ; coffin', paid ; only one pen of each kept ; chickens 10s 6d per dozen with hen ; inspection Invited.—J. Alms Cow, 2 Broomisall-road. Pendleburv, near Manchester.

LIGGS FOR SITTING from the following breeds: Black ldinorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Red Caps, Blue Andalusians. lioudens, Bug Cochins, Barred Plymouth Rocks, Black Orpingtons, White Brahmas, Black Langshans. Silver Wynaoottes, Indian Game; and the following Crooses (male bird fir,t) Houden—lndian Game, Brown Leghorn—Rd l Cap, Brown Leghorn—Buff Cochin, Brown Legborn—Golden Wyandotte, White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Buff Orpington—Arst cross hens, All eggs one price, viz, 3s per sitting packed, put on rail ; 2s 6d to those who fetch them All unfertile eggs replaced. At HECNRY DRAPER'S, Mathr-r-lane. Low-ton (near Newton-le-Willows). No business done on Buniday. Five minutes' walk front Lowton St. lEary's Station.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MUTED (late Ormered 0 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulmo. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of ViTHEEL and PULLKY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TENT OFF ICA MANOHNSTME, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DA.VIEirs Cc SOB have har4 mm e than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. meat, and possess practicalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

DO YOU WANT TO BORROW on Mortgage of Property. Reversions, Shares under Willsotc., at 5 per cent, per Annum? Consult COOPER and Shaw, 26, King-street, Man- chester.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Head (Mace : 38, RENSHAW-STREEr, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. 14c.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable bs. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O 20s. „ .• £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. •• £6 16s. Od, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discouated. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2i to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. TOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCED PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Worklug-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. efLONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply wt VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDTIES. WARRINGTeN at my Residence, 134, Orferd-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District gonerally receive preciselv the samo attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £1), £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards.

'FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS 14,5 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Aue-atass:e Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/- per wk. £lO „ 5/- £25 „ 12/8 „ £l5 „ 7/5 £3O „ 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will reiiolve prompt attention. No fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8. Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

'NO EES ! I N 0 CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advanee Money to respectable applicants (male or female) on their owi note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY, PROMPTITUDE, EASY REPAYMENTS, MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to Ire ; evenings seven to nine; Seturdays ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLicASANT, LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JOS. DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

G. El. & H. n. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, _63 5 CHURCH-STREET, NNT v r ARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUSTZFORFEITED.

A LATIGH STOCK OF Men's, Payments taken Youths' and Boys' CLOTH- ING.

Men's Suits from Youths' Suits from Boys' Suits from 2s. 6d. Boys' Suits from is. 3d. Men's Coats frorß Mr-n's Trousers from is. 11d. Men's Vests from Youth's CoAts from Youth's Trousers from Youth's Vests from 9d. Cord and Mole Trousers from 59, CHU:ICH-STREET.

A_ FINIC STOCK of Wool Blankets, Quilts, Sheets, Payments taken Shawls must be solu very cheap.

A Li STOCK of Kitchen Li Hearth Rugs from 3s lid ; Kitchen ChAirs from 2s lid; Kitchen Fenders from 63 61 ; Kitchen Fire Paymeats taken Irons from 2s lii; Kitchen Tab'es from 63 lid : Kilc‘iett `iofal from 22s 6d at 59, CHURCH-STUBET.

PARLOUIL SUITE, comprising Payments takeis— Lady's arid Gent's EAsy Chair, four Small Chairs and Couch in Red £6 10 Plush. Well made and very cheap. S.

A LAR.GB STOCK of OV- ti MANTLBS 173 6d, 22s 6d, Payments taken •4s 6d. 37s 6d. to £3. CARPETS from 22s 6d.

ITANDSO ME PAUL of BED- _I_ ROOll TABLES in Solid Asb, Payments taken large B.velled Plate Glkss Back, Marble Sab and four large Drawers. E 6 1.0 S. 6 D Really obey a', JACKSON'S.

A LARGE STOCK of very title PILTURES; 1.8.0 Oil Painting, Payments takon 3s lid. Sold elsewhere at 5s 11d, FINE STOCK of BRONZE FIGURES. Clocks, Vases, Payments taken Lustres undet Shades very chetp at CH URCH-STRRET.

BEAT-ALL POLISH lIIiVIVICR makes furniture and leathrr geode like new ; sample 7 stamps ; good Agents Wanted.— BounaToles, Limited. The.ferd.

I) AIL'S MANGE OIN L. NI tour never fails,post free is. id., 11l and 2s. 6d. —Lows, Chemist, 8, Stafford-street, W. DUYERS requiring good honest PIGS to feed, can get 1J cheaper this year from R D. OARRATT. lia,rton, reds. FISH.-81bs 21, llibs 24 14Ibs 3s.carriage paid, dressed for cooking; trade supplied, J A OSBORNE, Fish- Docks, Grimsby.

\VAR MRDALS wanted, dated 1848 or earlier. 1892 or later ; also last Arctic; £2 each given.—MAJOß TOMBS, Droitwica. . _

661'11:LOW N " FOODS,Hound Meal 13s 6d, Poultry Meal 13s, k...) ball cwt ; 6d extra carriage paid ; trial solicited.— JAMES, Mill House, Downe, Kent. PILHS. Hundreds successfully cured by BILSBLIB, the great physician's discovery. Worth £l. Post free 18,1 d. SPRDDLIO. Bone-setter, Batley, Yorks. SPLBNDID SUITINGS in Serges, Vicunas, Tweeds from 10a, also Dress Goods and Costumes ; any leagth cut, patterns free.— I THORNTON. Honley, Huddersfield.

DMILIAS, 500 Varieties, best, true, cheep. Catalogues free. Purchasers naming this paper receiTe Extras.— DEVON CHRYSNITHEMUM NURSERY, Teigunseuth.

BLACK BROCIIK SILK, Lady has lovely dress length. cost 705 ; beautiful design ; pure silk; wear guaranteed ; pattern free ; sacrifice 369 ; genuine.—Mrs. C., 17 BAATERY TERRACE, ThOraloury, Bradford.

I ADlES.—Write for Patterns of Splendid COSTUMH 12 CLOTHS, all fashionable shades. yards ss. and up- wards, Carriage paid. We are the manufacturers.—H. KIRK AND CO. ; Greek-street, Leeds.

rr HE WORKING MAN'S FRIHND, Patent tubular 'IRA KErTLE, boils a quart of water ha two minutea, uuso licited testimonials, repeated orders : sent eirriage paid is 4d.—C. LILLICRAP. Robert-street, Swansea.

(Li UND STAMP for our Illustrated Price List of RUBBEIR SURGICAL APPLIANCUS. best and cheapest in the trAcle ; goods wit approved of will be exchanged.—M. FAR- mtieit (Box 61), 160, Wickney-road, London, N.H. BBAU MONDS SALVE.—The most Wonderfnl remedy for Chapped and rough or red hands, making them: soft and white ; try it, you will be more than delighted, post free 15.—BElu MONDE CO., 111, High-street. Harborno.

/TIC AND NRURALGIA CURED instantly, by TIFFICO 1 PILLS. Fifty lers snocess; hundreds of testimonials. Sample box sent free to immediate applicants emelesing stamp for postage.—Tica Co., Sleaford. Lincs.

44HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH "—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instruations for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

'MEW INCANDRSCHNT GAN LIGHT, WITHOUT MANTLIO. Billing's Non-Mantle Burner. 5s 64 com- plete, postage 61. Last for years. Pure white, constant brilliant light. no trouble, no renewals. Great saving in gas. Fixed easily to any fit ings. Illustrated Catalogue post free. Agents wanted. Show Rooms, 180, Wardour-ritreet, Landon W. BILLING'S Burner Syndicate (Limited.) 910 B SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive IL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24 420 square yards ot Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring spaee.—Address J. HOSIKING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

RBAD THIS ! Cheapest Dresses in the world. Six yards double width ; black brilliant Sicillian Alpaca, or six yards doub'e width, black or navy, all wool, Costume Serge ; or six yards any colour all wool bright satin Cloth,fcr 106.6 d.; post free. We Fend as a Free Gift Buttons, Skirt and Bodice Linings with each dress. Highest ref<3rences. Money returned if unapproYed. This off.tr is less than maker's cost. —BRADFORD DRESS COMPANY, COngletOit.

SWHET PEAS —The Sweet Pea is to-day one of our most popular garden fl twers. Their pretty colours and de- lightf,il perfume make them universally esteemed. Nothing gives so much cut bleorn at so email a cost and so little trouble. Calle,tion of 10 selected named varietles,contaluing 5i seeds of each in separate packets. Price for the collection is 9d post free.—LlLlUlld AUR,ITUM, the golden rayed Lily of Japan, very large whi e flowers, covered with choco- late coloured spots and a deep band of yellow down the centre of eanh division, perfectly hardy, grow anywhere. One root will produce numbers of the most lovely flowers. Three strong Bulbs sent carriage paid for 2s.—CntaLEB H. HICK& Central See tt stores, Mahlon. Essex,

IT WILL PAY YOlf TO NO ICE THIS. T HAVE n Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOOD 3, 1 passed out of Service for other patterng s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 6ft by 31t Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Watervoof Overcoats Government All-leather Hesdstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs. 41b3 weight. 3ft by 6ft Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 46in by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass I:vele:11°1es, 46in by 42in '? 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Begs, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 o Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen led Sheets, lift by sft 2 6 Carriage or Docr Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarpaalin Covers, made up to any size, is per square yard, wi, h lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, front H. J Gasson, Government Contractor, Rye. 1

aleslj Vribatt Trtatp. DHOTOS COPIED equal to original, } plate M.—PERCY CLiaK, b 4, kligh-street, Andover.

DRBSSLENGTI-f, Navy, Fawn, or Greyclota 7s.—P. BEAVAN, Church-street, Slough. STAMMERIN4 scientifically cured ; every case sunessful ; terms moierate.—Write ALFRED B. TERRY, Norwood. Itedditch. ITOW TO WIN on the turf. Advice and Method ls.—C. _L CENTAUR. 19, School-road, Sale, Manchester. Specula- tors should send at once. PLA] IT Silverplates Bicycles, handle bars, spokes, rims ; Is. 6d. and 2s. 61. bottle with brush, post free.—T. OSBORNE, 53e., lienshaw-street, Liverpool.

MALL NILE cnocoDlLEs caught a..d stuffed by Arabs, length 3) to 40 inches 93. 3d. each, two for 18s. post free from Cairo. --HASNAN ABUKARAZA, Clhouria, Cairo.

CXBBAG PLA.NTS (ten acres) garden and field varieties ; H price and sample 2 stamps ; 109 garden and 10 red cabbage, post free MuoP.E. Cliarlecote, Warwick.

eIHAIN HARROWS sft. by 6ft. 1301bs 14s per set, list k._) free of 21 siz,s, all carriage paid ; vices, anvils, wall ties, iron fencing ; prices on application; buy direct from cheapest makers in the world.--J. ftocx .LND Co., Old Hill, Staffs. 1 :,LASTIC STOCKINGS AND B A.NDAGES.—Why pay three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire, Cheapest makers in the trade.-6311711 S; SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

UHE Anglo-Americaa Surgical Rubber C3mpany will for- k ward on receipt of two stamps a PRICE LIST of RUBBER APPLIANCES.-- SURGICAL RUBBER CO., 117, Newport-street, Bolton. O'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest _cables Be-Cushioued and Re-Covered.--1, O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

LIOR SALE, rine Collard and Collard Grand PIANO in hansom - rosewood case. In thoroughly good order. Original cost 160 guineas. offered at £4O —For information apply F. Hom.owAY, 2, Ateddon-street, Bideford.

tABY's LOVELY LONG CLOTHES, exceptionally hand- some,complete outfit 253 6d, worth double ; marvellous opportunity, samples approval anywhere.—Write " ItowAN- TREE," 1, Borough-street, Brighton.

ECOLESIA.STICAL.—Cheapest and highest class house for metalwork. Gates, Railings, Altar Railings, Lamps, Fittings. Special designs sent free.-OAVER9HLM, ART METAL WORKS, 41, Caversham-road, Kentish Town, London,

POLYPHONN for wall or eounter about4ft high plays any number of tunes with 8 day clock complete carriage paid for £9 10s. ; list price £l7, fitted with penny in slot and money drawer, quickly repay, itself. Also 10 air Musical Box with bells and zither accampaniments for 2 guineas ; both bargains and perfect.—HAßPEß, 263, Holloway•road, London, N. 3110te15, Iviarogc, 33oarDing ostabfs. COLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding lEstab- lishment, near sea and woods. Terms very moderate. —Mrs. BRICKSTONE, Plas-y-Coed.

y LANDLIDNO.—Boarding Establishment near Post Office Li and Pier. Horse Comforts, Moderate terms„—Miss WILLIAMS The Lindens. Church Walas.

lONDON, Visitors to will find Comfortable Home, long or J short stay ; with or without board ; terms moderate ; eity buses pass door; near rail.—Proprietrees,42 ELGIN CRES- CENT, liensington Pars, W.

LOIN DOD . WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATII HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SQUARS. IiGXE COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 74 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. .1. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

Co be Let. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3e. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLA.SI-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground door, rent £lO. MILL-YTREET.—Several Suites offices. PESKETH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE!, rent 5s per week. /, MILL-LkNE rent 5e 6d per week. 9, PERCY-STREET, rent 4s 6d per week. apply ROBERT LoWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.-- 61, P itIESTLEY-b rRF.F:T,WARISINGTO:C.gOod corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE, rents 4a. Apply J. WOODS Sot, solicitors. Horsemarket-at., .Warring- ton. rro LBT.—LARGE ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2o. I Apply WoODS SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rip° LET, SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-st., _IL rent £l3.—Apply Wooug L Solt, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington. DRBMISBS suitable fer WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— IL Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Hersemarket-strect, Warrington. - TO BB LIIT a CORNBR SHOP in Longford-street, corner _L. of Han-street. Warrington. Bath-room, etc.—Apply W. FURNESS, Haydock-street, Warrington.

IbLACYPOOL.—To ba LHT, large Company House, Lou- dale-road, one one minute from sea; 30 beds, large public room, bath w c., two pantries. lifts !co.—Apply 52 Lums- STREET. Preatei. To BH LhT.semi-detached, Beech Bank,Nevrton- le-Willows, lately in the occupation of Mr. A. Smith, containing two entertaining-rooms, one morning room, kitchen &c., five bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, and we. ; good garden and outbuildings, rent £42 per annum, For further particulars apply to Mr. J. Ow, 138, Yrargrava- road, Newton-le-Willows.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE'. AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK•STREIST. IA ARRINGTON. Telephone No. C 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, B:c., warehoused.

eimitattart. POARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLANDUDNO. IJ Good education. Fees from 6gs. Principal, Miss MOXON, Frou, Church Walks.

WEST KIRBY.—GIRTON HOUSE. Miss HOCKLY and MISS BUTLER : MOSt II uccessful school for Girls ; house beautifully situated on Parade.

E RISINIER, Sen. Hon. Certificated 1_ R A.M., 23, Wilson Patten-street. School WILL RE-OPEN, (D.V.), MAY Lin. Fees, Lists of Passes, Testi- monials etc., on application. IV RiOrgWanistil:ndPACYhoTir?iaNasterMUefS.Wyßc-itiffCe. Y Church), fiECHIVHS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warringtoll.

WARRING T 0 N GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 20221, The HEAD MASTER will be at home to interview parents. on Wednesday. April 19th. Prospectus. &c„ on application. NI AN CIIE S T R GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 4s. PER THEM. The NEXT TERM begins MONDAY. APRIL 17th 1899. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, THE SAME.:DAY at 9-J a.m. Prost,ectuses, Forms of Application, /to., way be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School Is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W COX, Receiver.

HAMILTON HOUSE, WARRINGTON. HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : The MISSES WILLIAMS (certificated Ul4Y,ersities of Oxford, Cambridge, London, Trinity College London. etc ) The Misses Williams have rec;ustly purchased the school which was formerly conducted by the Misses Bradbury and afterwards by the Misses King,. A high class education on princinles similar to those of the Public High Schools will be provided. LOCAL REFEREE: REY. J. YONGE. The SCHOOL WILL RR-OPEN TUESDAY. MAT Srir. Prospectus on application to the Principals.

jrNITTING and SSIALLWARE BUSINESS TO BE DIS- -11 POSED OF.-124, TITToN-STREKT, Salford. 910 b 5 Disposed of—GLASS and CHINA SHOP, with or J. without Stock.-40, LLoYD-STRERT, Glreenheys, Man- chester.

MILK Round, Cows. Pigs, Farm Implements, together or separate; 25 years standlng.—Apply HILL To FARM, Blackley, Manchester.

VOR SALE, the valuable Fixtures. Plant, Steak and 1: goodwill of an old established CONFECTIONERY and .OROCERY BUSINESS doing a good trade ; has a good bakehouse to it. Prica £4s.—Apply W. WATs:immix, Shep- herds Bridge. Knottingley.

()LD-ESTABLISHED HOTEL and Public House, large summer resort, few miles from Liverpool, with exten- sive grounds well laid out, handsome bowling green, ac. ; Illness cause of taxying ; cash required about £3so.—For par- ticulars apply ANDERTON, Gresham-buildings, 101, Dale-st., Liverpool.

£3O FOR SCHOOL PRIZES. ENGLISH COMPOSITION. £5 AND £3 For what we consider the two best letters of not more than twenty lines each on" Spring Cleaning," introducing the- names of some of the ar' icies mentioned below, written by any pupil under 18 years of age, attending any elementary public school or continuation School. £3 AND £2 For the two best letters, on the foregoing conditions, but sent in by a pupil not hieher than the fourth Standard in any Elementary Public School. The Competition in each case to be signed by a teacher' giving age of competitor, standard, and name of school thus— John Ellis, Teacher. Competitor's age 11. Standard V., Walkley Board Schol, Sheffield. Competitions to be marked "ENGLISH " on the outside of the envelope, and addressed to JESSE BOOT, Island-st., Nottingham. FRENCH AND GERMAN. In order to encourage the very desirable acquirement of French and German among the rising generation, BOOTS, Cash Chemists, offer Prizes to the amountof £l5 to English scholars only on the following conditions; r— leivr?,' AND Will he given foriwhat we consider the three best letters, not to be more than twenty lines in length, in French or German the German to be written in English characters. Subject-- " Spring Cleaning "—introducing the names of some of the articles mentioned below. To be competed for by pupils under 18 years of age attending any elementary public school or p••.blic continuation school. The Competition to be signed by a teach'' as evidence that the sender is one of those for whom this Competition is Intended. The teacher need only sign his or her name, giv- ing name of school and age of competitor, thus :—Ada John- sen, Teacher ' • competitor's age 15; Huntingdon-street, Board School, Nottingham. WILL BE GIVEN FOR WHAT WE CON- eAwt/ SIDEIIi the best LETTER, of not more than twenty lines on" SPRING CLEANING," in French or German, sent in by pupils attending any private School, under the some conditions as to age, &c.. as above. A teacher in this case also to sign the Competition, giving awe of competitor and name of Schosl. tke French and German Competition teacher's certifi- cate will be taken as an assurance that it is an English boy or girl who is competing, as it would not be fair to accept competitions from French or German scholars. Competitions to be marked " Franno-Gertnan " on the outside of envelope, and addressed to JEISSE BOOT, Island street, Nottingham. Teachers may send in the Competitions done by their scholars, and to the Teacher sending in the most Competitions 22 will be awerded. A List of the Competitors should be forwarded by the Teacher, addressed to" TEACHER,' care of JESSE BOOT, Island- s treet, Nottingham. Competitions must be sent, post paid, on or before 30TH MAY, 1899, and accompanied by a receipt for something used for Spring Cleaning bought at any of the branches of BOOTS. Cash Chemists. You will got a receipt for everything you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists, In making the awards not only the literary merit of the competitions sent in will be considered, but even more the neatness of the writing and the cleverness in which the names of I he articles advertised on this bill are introduced. Two or more letters will be accepted from one sender, but each letter must be accompanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as final. WRITE PLAINLY AND GIVE YOUR ADDRESS, ADDRESS TOUR LETTER AS ABOVE DIRECTED TO- -4,‘ 1"? " F _UANGLISH " or RANCO-GERMAN " c/o JESSE BOOT, ISLAND-STREET, NOTTINGHAM. SPRING kjLEANING. No need to smother your rooms with stuffy carpets I No need of French polishers 1 Everything may be done decently and in order by the lady of the house USE BOOTS VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, Ac. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6d. size for 4id., is. size for Bd., and 2s. 6d. size for Is. sd. per bottle. MORGAN'S GOLD AND SILVER PAINT As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders, and Decorators. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, Is. bottle for 7id. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of metal, brass, steel, or iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial ze, usual 2d. for Id;, is. Tin for 4d. MAURICE'S PORCELEINE will make any eyesore of the lumber-room the ride o the house. 48 Beautiful Tina in stock. Can be applied by a child. BRIGHTER THAN ENAMEL. is. 3d., Tins lOid., 6d. Tins 4Ad. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA Is. bottle for 10d. Small trial size 6d. HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, WASH LEATHER'S, FURNI- TURE CREAM, SOFT SOAP, VARNISH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK, .tc • Ac., of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WsitmeGTos : 35. BRIDGE.STREET. 5, BRIDGE- STREET AND MARKET GATE. STOCKPORT :-26, BRIDGE-STREET BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREET: ECCLES :-58, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREET. CHESTER 28, EA STGATII-ROW and 30, EASTGATE STREET.

WHY BUT UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR £lO 10S. AND SAVE THE COST OF AN ACCIDENT POLICY. HITCHINGS, mmirED, SOME ARENTS, 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. MAC LENNAN, Manager. BAYLISS THOM A.S, AND CO., LIMITED, 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND MACHINES from £2 upwards. • few Shop soiled ROAD RAZIERS to clear, at £8 103. net cash.

/17.40LU5" CYCLES. BEFORE PURCHASING YOUR 1899 MOUNT. INSPECT OUR SPECIAL ROAD RACER £l2 10s. Od., DUNLOP TYRES. MANUFACTURERS : WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55, RENSHAVI-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 1\ o. 7056. Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearing as applied to Cycles throughout the world.

CYCLE AGENTS. Our illustrated Trade Catalogue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittings Cups, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. licte—" Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come to the Fountain Head, WELDLESS TUBS AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-STREET. 7,C09 City Depot, 17. MANCIIESTEU.-STREET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM £5 10s. TO RIO 103., Equal to any at 60 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCES6ORIES correspondingly low. Veedtrs 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc., etc. Mall Orders particularly attended to. Send for Catalogue. ARENA CYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE LIVER (-1 IYCLIE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. OUR SPECIAL LINE. CYCLES MADE ENTIRELY BY B.S.A. Co., £lO 10s. Cycles Complete with Dunlop or Palmer Tyres from £9, iLcluding Lamp, Bell, Bag, Tools, &e. A SPECIAL CHEAP line at El 15s. complete. Soma DISTRICT AGENTS FOR AUSTIN CYCLE COMPANY, MANAGER, D. DAOLEISH.

SLADE'S CYCLE DEPOT FOR CHEAP AND GOOD CYCLES. AGENT FOR PREMIERS, GLORIAS AND TRENT CYCLES. MUMMIES : LADY'S oft GENT'S LEO 10s. Od. The SLADE CYCLE. Lady's or Geat's L 10s. Od. Inspection invited. Price List Free. Returned Railway fare to purchasers. Also Carriage paid. 2. COLQUITT-STREET, 1 Dooa FROM 21OLD-STREST, LIVERPOOL. IT IS WORTH SOMETHING TO 10 OW WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO GET. YOU TAKE NO RISK WHEN YOU PURCHASE AN ENFIELD, HUMBER, SUNBEAM, OR ELSWICK. PRICES FROM 210. HITCHINGS. 74, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL, R. MAO LENNAN, MANAGER.

CYCLES! CYCLESI CYCLES! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCII. IN LIVERPOOL OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCL (IDING, : Royal Enheld, Rudge-Wbitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beeston and Coventry "lumbers, °monde, Swifts. Waverley Ac., Ac, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards. Easy terms of payment, from 10s per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILLIAM LEA. " LiVII " t-YCLE DEPOT. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL —DO YOU WANT TO BUY. HIRE, EXCHANGE, OR GET REPAIRED A CYCLE OR MOTOR CAR? IF SO COME TO THE 1 SYREN CYCLE AND MOTOR CO., 101, SMITH DOWN-ROAD, THE FINEST COLLECTION OF CYCLES IN LIVhRPOOL. SEE OUR £8 10s—COMPLETE— Guaranteed for 12 Months. ':i. he Grandest Value in the World.

£lO B.S.A. tl.O DUNLOP Olt PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fltting3, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and ,shape of handle-bar, as required. FOR £lO Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by 'competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTE PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, 8;c„ complete, TEN POUNDS. 7 12e 6D . Our No. 2 CYCLE, Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Gradual Payments Accepted. QTUART, WILLIAMS' AND CO., LI 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. UST.kr. 1892. Plating, E'.amelling, and G,neral Repairs receive our best attention.

ANNOYING TO CYCLISTS. After paying ten guineas for a Cycle, to find the sam high grade Machine could be obtained for £9 ss, viz :—Built to order with NEW KYNOUH or B. S. A. (new genuine) fittings, with the lightning detachable " Reliance "tyres, on beaded edge rims. Highly finished. beautifully enamelled and plated. Dunlop or Palmer tyre charged only moderately more. Special terms to the Trade for Frames and Wheels. WHITE STAR CYCLE FRAME AND WHEEL COMPANY, 101, TITHEBARN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE kSENS.A.TION OF '99• FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPULAR' BEE' LS 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., le, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and Press Opinions Post Free.

etYCLUS.—F,Os cash and 59 weekly, Gent's £6, Lady's £6 108 total, best detachable tyres ; send references with deposit. Outer covers (patented) 12s6d, inner tubes 38 61. Cheapost Cycle Contractors in Europe.—AcuE Co, Corpora- tion-street, Wolverhampton.

MACHINES built with B.S.A. fittings B.S.A. throughout, Dunlop Tyres, Westwood rims, any gear, any height frame, guaranteed 18 months, Road Racer, 251 b. £9 108 Od ; Roadster fitted with in udguards and brake £lO, Lady's £lO 10s Od. Our second grade machine with B.S.A. pattern fittings. Warwick tyres, guaranteed 12 months, Road Racer £7, Roadster £7 5s d ; Lady's £7 10s Od. We a:so supply these machines on our gradual payment system, from 15s per month. Repairs a speciality. No waiting. Write for particulars to C. HIBLoP AND Co., Higbbury Corner, London, N.

EVERY MAN QUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treat( d without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. snd will effect a perfect and permanent cure. sent rzaled, post free. Address— E. NOUTON. 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O bstaolished 30 Years.

STARCHING A PLEASURE! THE NEW STARCK, 'L. E. THOMAS & co's. GLOSsIER STARCH Requires no glaze, may be usod ith hot or cold water. Saves time, trouble and erpense Ask your Grocer et Chemist for it. Sold in packets Id. and 4d. Sole Manufacturers L. H. TH 034 AS sc Co.. Prince's Buildings, Edge-lane, Liverpool. Ask your gt ocer for sample packet.

W. B. SWEETMAIVS HAIR LOTION. the Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELA.GH-STR RET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

LONGVVORTH PAPER MERCHANT, BUTTER PAPER, 13$ 6d ewt I FLOUR BAGS. 20s cw CHEESE „ us PURPLE BAGS, 9s THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE on PINK ~ 12. 6d , CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, Tid ;16 by 24, 10Id ; 19 by 29 ls 3d per resin. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. ls, 4 ozs. Is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, Is 6d 1000. NOTE;PAPER,3frcI per pound. CA ELRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAR nTREET, THOMAS•STREBT, MANCHESTER.

U N INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1897 EXCEEDS £425,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. E. Fickmere & Son, Bridge-st Messrs. Woods 8c non. Commercial Chambers. 55, Horsemarket- stree Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2lK.lng-stred Mr. R. Lowe. 1, Bank Street.

F.P.Q R. S.P.Q.R. B.P.Q R. SMALL PRICE 1 QUICK RR3IEDY I! For sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Speedy, Sate, Secure Remedy. When in doiibt take a Baird's Pill. PiICJ is. BOOTS Reduced Price Local Branches of 8008 Cash Chemists : WSARINGToN : 35. BRIDGE-STILICRT, 5, BRIDGE** STREET. AND MARKET-GATE. STocitPoNT :-26. BRIDOE-3THEET BROW. ALTRINCHAm :-37, RAILWAY-STREET. ECCLES —5B, CHUkCf4.STjT. Sr. HELENS :-6, OR viSKIHK-STREET. CHESTEd : 28, BASTGAT/ii ROW and 30. BASTGATEt STREET.

THE GREAT REMEDY for All farms of HEART DISEASE, PALPITATION. WEAKNESS, AC. Write for particulars. In bottles, post free, at la., 23. 6d., and 4s. HENRY SINCLAIR, 17, SHAFTESBURY AVENUE. LONDON, W.

50,000 HAND CAMERAS ON °UK EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM. CAMERA SENT ON RECEIPT OF DEPOSIT. NOTICE.—In order to supply a long-felt want to th* public we have adopted an Easy Payment System for our Hand Cameras. The Cameras are the best that can be had for money. We make no extra charge for Easy Payments' whatever. There are no harsh conditions to sign. We send the. Camera safely packd on receipt of deposit as stated We send you Full Instructions how to take Photographs and give assistance in every way possible. Below are partici:dare of Cameras and terms THE RICHMOND HAND CAMERA, 14s. 6n. This Camera carries 6 quarter plates in 3 double darlr slides fitted. Rapid Achromatic Lens. View-finder, tia. and instantaneous shutter. In every respect a First Clase Hand Camera for time and snap shots. Work equal to an, camera costing four times che amount. Terms ss. 6d. Deposit Balance 2s. 3d. per month fOr 4 months. THE WINDSOR HAND CAMERA. carries 1.1 quarter Plates or 24 Films in Sheaths. Notice :—This Camera is a first-class magazine Haag Camera carries 12 Plates or 24 Films, fitted with first-class", achromatic rapid lens, vertical and ho izontal view findersosi time and instantane ,us shutter plate changes, which by * single movement drops the exposed plate and leaves a notta in position. Full instructions given with camera. Terms, Bs. deposit. Balance by 4 monthly instalment' camera sent on receipt of deposit. All persons sending send Bd. extra for package of camera and also state name a paper the advertisement appeared in. THE FLIGHT POCKET CAMERA WITH 12 PLATES. 3s. 6n. This camera takes a splendid photo 2 by 2}; can be carrial in the pocket. Fitted with rapid lens, view finder, time and instantaneous shutter or change of 12 dry plates and instrue" Hosts given with camera, 3s. 6d. complete. We do not tali• payments for this camem,being a small amount. ARTHUR PEASS & COMPANY, CAMERA MAILERS, LOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. ___

SWEET PEAS (sow Now). ECKFORD'S GIANT FLOWERED VARIETIES. We have d6carded the oil sorts ana made a spect&liti of these re ,lly grand Novelties ot the easiest culture in every garden, all post free. COLLECHON OF EIGHT NOVELTIES (saparate) 38. tid. COLLECTION OF TEN CHOICE soaTe (separate) 28. 6d. 16 Ounces, in 20 Splendid Sorts (separate) for 109, 8 Ounces in 10 Splendid Sorts (separate) for 61. Superb Mixture of 30 'sorts, per lb 39, 6d. For in particulars of the above and other good things for every garden see our Concise List, poet free. KER AND SONS' CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, B4SNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. GEDDES DANDELION COFFO The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d.. and is. Bd. each. Wholesale ty Z. GEDDES AND SON, wARIIINGTOSI ESTABLIHED 1833 T. k., LARKE. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 335 MARKET Sr.,EARLESTOWN, STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. &c., &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a Good Variety of other Articies useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR TELE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold tr-1 ' carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value La the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVS,,A SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOR to FI!•TY SHILLING' All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-rone' always In stock. A handsome present given to each P115,- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.--EUSrANCR AND LA" the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, WarringtOn' Established 1864.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOFP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufactu.er of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN WHITE STAR LINS LOYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YOE via Queenstown. BRITANNIC Wed.. April 26 1 TEUTONIC Wei.. MSY second Cabin carries on MAJESTIC an TEUTONIC ooli Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltiroo:$"" Apply to WEIL ImEIE, and Co., Liverpool end 3 ' Leadenhal, street, London 11. C..

WILLIAM LINDOP, Miniature, Manufacturer of BILLIARD , BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE, . end dealer in all , BOWLS BOARDS BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. ' all kinds of Dominoes, - GAMES Ch es a . Draughts, Tables Recovered Pon PARLoUB, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, - at PUBLICS. Skittles, &a. Estimates given. 385 SHUDE HILL, MANCHESTER. - ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

COOPER AND CO's BAKERY SPECIALITIES. FOR TEA AND LUNCH. SPLENDID [QUALITY AT REMARKABLY LOW PRICES. EACH. APPLE CAKE CUSTARDS - 4D. MADEIRA CAKES 41 2D. t. 7 SPONGE LOAVES.- ..... ..... . 51D. OWISS ROLLS FRENCH CHERRY CAKE per lb SD. OTHER VARIETIES AT EQUALLY LOW PRICES. LOCAL BRANCH, 1 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. scums piLLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR Sc3TlPs PILLS Cure S it Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. scum pi LLS Ind estion nd Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S pin Strengthen and Invigorate the whole INervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or:oold. DR. scorrs PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

ALTERATION AND ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES, • CLEARANCE SALE 9 OF PIANOS AND ORGANS. • RICHMOND JONES 8: SONS, 1201 LONDON-ROAD, • Are about to reconstruct their premises, and, to avoid deterioration through dust, Au., are selling their STOCK OF PIANOS AND ORGANS At Nominal Prices to Clear. EVERY INSTRUMENT GREATLY REDUCED IN PRICE. AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY TO CASH , BUYERS. During the Sale, Richmond Jones and Sons will pay railway. fare. of country purchasers. RICHMOND JONES At SONS, 120. LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

Efr " Oranuner " Otrtes OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE 00IINTF NEWSPAPERS. Comprises , THE Warrington and Mi -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earkstown and Newton .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- -IL day morning. and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. ICd. ... 3e. Od. 38 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... 55. O. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise silent inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPF, PROSPEROU AND FREE FROM CA.RKS. INVALUABLE IN?0411ATION SENT FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A PROAHNENT PROFESSOR WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO.. 51, SCHOOL-LANE. LIVERPOOL.

T. BIRTLES, PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST sryLEs IN PHOTOGRAPHY CAR MET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY.

15s. A. SET OF TEETH. las TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager Mr. W. It CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE. 13, LEGS-STREET, (off Sankey-street). Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. • Exactly opposite the Market.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERE QD :-.. ;ANITAItY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUfiINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCOCK at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gastltter, &c, where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N.B.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances • also a Choice Selection .of wall papers and decoraions will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

T. DAINTITH, • GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTU RER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS A.RIELS, AND OTHER MAK/lIS OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-STREHT. WARRINGTON

DONT FORGET THAT HILL AND CO's., LUNG BALSAM • IS THE BEST THING YOU CAN TAKE BOITIAS; 70. AND is. HILL AND CO., CHEMISTS, BDTTERMARKET-STRENT, WARRINGTON.

66 G ish st v.. ._6740.= ' 9 fv • Afilk e •

WILL BE 4 -4 *4; A GIVEN AWAY In 130 00 3s. Presents & £2O ill MONEY PRIZES, AS FOLLOWS :- Ist PRIZE, £lO. 2nd PRIZE, £6. 3rd PRIZE,

The above 1,000 Presents and £2O Free Cash Prizes will be given away as an advertisment amongst the Competitors who can re-arrantle the following eighteen jambl-M lers to represent the names of three well-known flowers selected by ug, viz. : EROS IYLL WEE WLLAFLO, • Send in your solutions at once and we will inform yGn if correct and give yon tall.detills of the Com- petition, with conditions and date of cbsing. If you cannot snlyl all throe names d 3 as many as you can, as there are three prizes to compete for, as wql as. th 3 1,009 preletits. No solution can he received after May 6th, 1899. Address :—Co:npetition Manager, G. 86 Department, 214, Hornsey Road, London.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, R.p,Nstimr Srizie, ET, L 1 VERPO OL HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND - - - • FURNITURE DEAVM. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEART RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DININ and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glaso Old-China. Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver, Blear Plate, Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables. Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables. ecc., ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions sty this Establishment is unsurpassed for Style and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEM. Clf • • OAFE - MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

PETER COTTON; ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Cans as, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ac., -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, /cc., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREXT, .WARRINGTON.

JAMFS TOOLE, :LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEISTI-STIOBT WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Markok) The HIGHEST PRICES pad for dead and: worn-out horses, cows, &c. rea,ovei any distance up to 15 miles on. the shortest notice. B• • LOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials toum the Leadinz Farmers of the district: ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL. and e7erything connected with Marine Stores- bougbt. Highest Price e paid. . bLAUGHTER, YAIsD, LONG-FOltD, E9TAVISID3F-D 1870. '

Never Push a Man when he's going down the hill. Bad enough to be going down the hill, but to be pushed at such a time is cruel beyond all telling. To give a man a push when he's climbing UP the hill is far better, and most of us can do this, i.e., if like Barkis we are" willin." Nothing sends a man down the hill so quickly as failing health, and in thousands of Britishers this is caused by Indigestion, Liver Com- plaints, Wind in the Stomach, Biliousness, Spasms, Sick Headache, Su:, and if you wish to climb the hill of life successfully take Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, which have secured a world-wide fame for the cure of these distressing evils. A Gentleman, whose initials are M.S., writes from Newcastle-on-Tyne :—" I suffered from azziness and Faintness. Getting worse I consul- ted a Doctor. Deriving no benefit, I tried several remedies, but grew worse: I had severe pains in the left side, rising to my breast baue, and throat. I lost much sleep, and imagined sometimes my heart stopped beating, and grew terribly nervous, fearing sudden death. I resolved to try your Wind Pills. After one week's trial I felt a change in my •health. I had been ill six or seven months, and feared I should nPver be well again. I can heartily recommend your Wind Pills. Do not publish my name and address, but you may give these to any enquirer." Page Woodcock'OVind Pills are said by all Medi- cine.Venclors at lq: 14-d. and 23. 91. ; post free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincaln. Be particular that you ask for " Page Wood- cock's Wind Pills," and see that you get no other.

.1 T H E OU BAD LEG warurrwouonudneddswrthatinfilsffichmaarfieonoarndostwheornweniseihafewrhhaen you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- Pression ? If so, under the shin you have poison that defies all the remenies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to Continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may kave et,tended various hospitals ad had medical advice, ani Oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- Plitation ; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say Perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FIRRINGDoN-STREET LoNnorr, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILT,q Which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs 1-toase- 'maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, POEB3IeI Hands. Bunions. Reyi stered Como i OA.)

i.) TiS,Pi T ! 1 orl gi nhav cost £6; offered at 255. each ; or selected at 30s. each. Cash - with order, 45ft. i,,\ c i r eumference - V''''' 10ft high. Have only been used • I. , a short time by ~ , 't, ' • H. M. Govern- , .. . ~,—... /4 ~s , ment ; suqable -"•,:•,' 1ig.2.‘...,. _...,-,....4-,_ . *-- ~.. .„... . fo r Camping 1,Z144%.. :------1,.• -i's.---Aaci,..Wl --r-----',*„„v:1,",,,,,•;;-•,...•-.;,--, out. Gardens - --_„ „1: '2,41..1415110, Ita%.•:;.` ---r.7,-=',-• ticket grounds, ' ----- - ' 6'-'`';':-...-1.----_-•AL, .z-6 -,,-'.l'.a•-••-•, - cennis Lawns ac. G•wiptete wan Doe, pea, lines, mallett, and tent bag• Two sappl ed to Bue,•ingham Palace.—Apply ANDREW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Cat slogues and Estimates free on applieati, n, 4,,E.,...-•,.. 4,1,f,..,.. 'l:hcse tiny Capsules relieve K inney and Blander trouble promptly. They are superior to "4 l's' /A Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections, ~,.•,,,,,,' ,1,4% ' . -Iry and cure in forty-eight hours ~„„ lir •,..,...' 4 the same diseases without , R, go,.' _4, inconvenience. Each Capsule -,- TA, bears the name 6 fil iciy.' Sold AT r, .IY."-..,- by all Chemists, or post free 3'6, - 't, •.aN.v.X?e, ,--.441,• ' ' frem WI L COX a CO., 'lrVri:4l ' , 83,Mortimer St.,London.W.

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. Direct from the Works of the eminent firm of E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED. Sent on approval to intcJaling cash purchasers to any address in the United Kingdom, on receipt of satisfactory reference, We are the pioneers of high. Class pianos. AT LESS THAN HALF THE USUAL PRICE. :-.. ••,,,; I 11717 . :----:_:::.---- . -- .li•i',7'."'" ca_ .I.' ._ 1 ___;:L2..__= A Piano for VI SAS 10 usu_ _ ally sold Cash -1.- S. retail 41 V GUINEAS UPRIGHT IRON GRAND FOR £36 Cash. 20 YEARS WARRANTY given with EACH INstitumENT. Such 'value never before offered to the Public. testimonial., from all parts. Over 47,9C0 of our Pianos now in use. Write for List and Drawings. 0 E. 1_)1SEIOP A ;.7% ND ONS, LIMITED ES I'AELBHED ie62. Head Office and Works : BEL '' ONT STRE!,,T, CHALK FARM, LONDON N. W West End Zlicw Roorns-19, '3,ler-street London, W. aranch Sli?w_ itoorn3-7'.;87, Gray's Inn7road,King's-Cros 4,t . ~.,;.1 1' ey4 q?: Idin..", eed . . CURES when all other Remedies fail. . . IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN,RELIEVIN3 ALL PAN ANDTHROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It. Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the Roles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, I'U. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM. - pi-6-615Thi=2CMS-15/5112Cre-Yro-TV )0 Nothing steadies the nerves land clears the brain like a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In t. bottles from all Grocers. e< siussy9.2s ___URRSISLILS22.32IA.U.S2I

PUNCTUR.ES trill never trouble you If your Pneumatic Tyres are fitted with the PATENT ' SELF-SEALING AIR TUBES The only Complete and Successful Puncture Remedy as proved by Four Years experience. Supplied by all Cycle Agents. Write for Pamphlet (free) to— The EELIe-SEALING AIR CHAMBER Co., Ltd.. GRANVILLE STREET, BIRMINGHAM. ..esw.esw-miww

RAILWAY TIME TABLE POSTAL IN FORMATION APRIL YU6T OFFICE, WARRINGTON, FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 740 8 23, 10 20, 11 33, 1 25, 2 55, LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. 5, 720 lb a.m. Showing the time to which a Letter can be pcai ed Altay. and Hillhonse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19. Sun lays 9 33 with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny 5, 8 55. a Stops if requirea. Stamp. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 3 23, 7 10,10 20, 12 0, 1 25 1 a.m.-Newton-le-Willows b 5, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, .aMouclays excepted. 2-15 a.m.-Wigan 2Mondays only 4-0 a.m.-Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 58, 11 55, 12 65, 3 13, 5 0 Preston Brook, Frodsham, llersby, Daresbury,and Moore 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m 5-30 a.m.-Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 835, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50, 6 28. 5-45 a.m.- Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft. Pad 850 Sundays 843, 60. gate, Stockton Heath, btratton, Warburton, and Wools Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835. 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, ton 6 28,8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 60. 6-15 a.m.-For Town Delivery and Latchford Bolton-5 45,8 ~5,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14,a4 23,a5 43, 37 17. 9-0 a.m.- Manshester. Balton, Oldham, alacclesfield, Stock- a92o, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57, p.m.a Saturday excepted. port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northambertand, Durham, and Carlisle-2 37 am, 5 29,5 45.11 50. 12 25, 155, 6 28. Sun- S.E. Lancashire. days 2 37, 335. 9-30 a.m.-London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 4 22,5 11,6 4. 7 44, 10 14, 1132. SundaysB 44,7 45,1132. 945 a.m.-Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Collins Green-7 5. 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7, 1 55,3 40, 5 20, Ma 633,7 8, 740, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. 10-10 a.m.-Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Crewe-a2 58, 53 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, Ireland. 5 20, 6 22,7 20,11 34. Sundays 2 58,10 154 5,11 35.a7Londay 11-10 a.m.-Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, excepted. batondays only. Scotland. Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Yorkshire De.by (Midland)-6 1, 846, 953. 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 411 11-30 a.m.-Manchester, South-Rist Lancashire, South 50,635 , 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Wales, South West of Engiand. Yorkshire, Durham, Earlestown-7 5,8 10,8 35,925, 10 10,110, 127, 12 25, 1 55, Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 11-30 a.m.-Loadou. S.-Eastern. Midland and Southern 60,9 54 p.m. Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 I'o.i-gnOhester. Wraxham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury 3 , 5 20, 6 17, 80.943, Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 80. OFrodsham -7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25, 10. 3 15, 4 23, 5 11, 6 1-2 5 P.nirNoreth Wales, Loud°, and South 4T ,10 14. Sundays 44 a.m.. 745 p.m. 1-40 p.m.-Liverpaol, aouthao.t, Ocrnikirk. B ith, Bristo Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 831. 95.12 0 Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorashirc, 3lansbaste 18, 2 15. 40. 70,80. b) 40, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 90. 9 5,5, 11 25, 2 39,? 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:g n bSaturdays excepted. Bolton Glasgow-2 37, 529, 9 56, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, J 50. Sun- 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton days 237, a.m. 2-30 p.m.-Liverpool. Southport. Birkenhead, Northwh Golborne-5 45, 7 5.8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 1 55, 3 50, 5 20, 7 17 Nantwich and Sanabach 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. 2-45 p.m.-Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Ilelssy,idnai Hough Green-7 12, ?57, 831, 95. a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 215 Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton 40.60.70, 8 0, 59 40, alO 25. Sunday 90,9 36 Willows, Manchester 11 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. 3 0 p.m.-Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 and Bewsey Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. 3-15 p.m.-Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90, 3-45 p.m.-St. Helens 9be 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. e 2 22, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 4-0 p.m.-Manchester 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. aSaturdays only. 5 p.m.-Liverpool and Chester Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, 532. 75, 8 10, 835 5-45 p.m.-Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, 9 25, ii 0, 12?, 12 25, 1 15, 5 20, 78, 740, 10 30. Sundays Wigan, Preston, N.E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- -35, 510, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 5 10. 60, 954. From High land Level Platform. aMondays excepted. 5-45 p.m.-Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815, 10 9 645 p.m.- Town Delivery 11 53, 1 55. 320,5 '0,6 1-1,80, 948. Sanda.ys 848, 2 40, 750 9-30 p.m.-Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 24, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 120, 13, 18,2 15, 40. 505 40 6 16,? 0, 80, 932 59 40 10 25 10-30 p.m -Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra 1046, all io, 11 39 Sundays 9U. 9 55,11 25,2 39. 710, 9 18 Halfpenny Stamp 10 18,1033, a saturdays only. /except Saturdays. 11-15 p.m.-London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Lonaou ar. N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5 Counties, and Foreign 5 20, 622, 11 34. . uudays 2 58, 10 15, 45, 11 35,baloudays ',ratters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, excepted. aMondays only. 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the London (Midland)-6 1, 8 46, 958, 12 55, 5 ti,6 55, 11 52, 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. Sundays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lvmm-6 20,? 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 3 8 8 12. aSatur day b only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30, 8 57.9 55, 10 46, 1 11. 335. 49, 6 10, 7 5, 925.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 35,8 10, EARLESTOWN AND anawToN. 11 40. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 20 _ 7 22,80, 835, 90, 9 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, HF.AD OFFICE High-st., Newton Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. From Arpley Station. POSTMASTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. .1 10 55, 11 23,11 55, 1255. 153. 255. 3 55, 4 55. 5 55, 6 55 Atte nce. Sundays? to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. 7 10. 7 55, 8 13, 8 55, 9 5, 9 55, Sundays /1 56, 9 37,10 14 The Telesraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 1 3 0, 3 15,5 15, 'I 18, 9 35, 10 0. 81, n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Middlewicll-7 40, 1023. 2 55b, 5 355.7 20-bSatalrdays only Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 1 PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. a.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m Newton-le-Wlllows-2 50a, 3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 8 10 8 35,9 19,925,10 20,10 40.10 55,11 0,12 14,12 25.1 15.1 55,3 30 348, 4 21.5 20, 653? 17,9 20, 950. 1030. Sundays 310. 740 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cMon , days excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 2 40 3 55.5 28,7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 LIST OF DESPATCHES. Preston-2 31. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 1150, 12 25, 350 Showing thetime to which a fetter can be posted with Ordi. 4 50, 6 28, 71?, 8 50, 9 43,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. 0 954. aSaturdava tardy MAILS. Extra Runcorn-7 38,8 25,9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20. 5 20. 6 17, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5, 120, id. Stamp 2 15, 258, 40,5 29. 60. 70, 8 0, 9 23, /9 40, 51.0 25. 10 Sundays 90, 11 25, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18. aSaturdays excep bSatur lays only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -6 46, 10 55, 12 5, 155. 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, St.lielens-532 75, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0, 127, 1225, 3 40,5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 10, 8 31, a 930, 11 2, 114 319, 4 0,56, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36,2 5, 8 55, aS atur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22, 338, 4 11, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 4b.9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 9 5 15 b, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 0 29, 60,7 0, .8 0, 9 25, aa 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aziaturdap exeaptea. bSaturdays nly. ar 'tines (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1i53, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,3 .3D,9 56,11 3,11 53, 12 25,1 55 3 3, 3 56, 4 53, 520. 6 23, 7 17,6 53, 9 43,9 bSsuday, 2 31 43, 3 35, 60. 9 54, TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 11 2, 12 3,3 25,4 45, 20, 830 Sundays 755, 442. Altear and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & NaW.)-11 42,3 10, 550,9 10, 12 25, 2 7 25. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (3.1511and)-6 5, 742, 850, 11 43, 1 25, 2 45, 5 45 6 50. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, aan., 4 0, 11 19. &Ex - 8 30,10 48,12 35, 3 47, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80, ep iMacokubduary2l i3t 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7?. 8 3,8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 11 40 1 40. 3 15. 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 12' 7 35 13Iaelt5)ool (Central) -6 5, 7 25,7 55, 825, 8 55, lu 10,10 2U 11 25,1 5,2 5,2 55,4 10,4 58, 5 5, 6 50, 315, lu 8 Sundays 7 10, 115, 4 57,8 4J. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 33, 9 40. 10 33, 12 33, 2 15,4 15, 510 5 55,725, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 20 aan., 65, 9 25 p.m.aiatur aaara. Catlisle.-12 6 40, 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 7 30, Sunaays 12 5 a.m.. 4 33, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a,7,25,8 45, 9 40, 10 1,2,10 50,11 40, 1 50, 2 10, 3 0,3 5. a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635.7 35, 8 10, §uudays 2 32, 4 35, 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 21. 14, 1 43, 22, 3 10,4 6.5 31.6 23,7 47, 96. 10 46. Sundays 8 15. a.m erewe-S i, 455, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 33, 2 35, 21 35, 415. 545 Q4O. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 i, 4 55. Daresbury -8 16,1.0 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. oy- , ' 710 81593510 7 10 25,1 12 354 0 4 17, 7 5 2,er 8 5, al3 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 55, 6 35. ahlxcept Mondays. Earleatow n-6 51, 845, 9 32, 16. 3 11, 5 53, 5 38, 6 30, 7 33, 8 6 9 15, 1152, Sundays 833, 052, 100, 718. Fiddler's Ferry ta. Penketh-7 12, 95.9 45, 12 24, 29, 327. 5 ,6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2, 257, 132. Frodshata-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 831 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Ciarston (Cheshire Lines)-? 32, 8 0, 90. 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 12 0, 12 56. 2 11, 35. 4 56. 59. 0 03, 657. 124 939 Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 11,4 42, 651, 15 54. Glasgow -a9 5, 10 10, 2 1, b 55. Sundays 5 50,9 s,aMonday ere' pted. taothorue-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 , 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 10 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Rough Green-7 45, sib, 99,133, 13 55, 19, 1 50, 262 619, 5 10, 523, 61,? 11,7 33, 913. suulaysB 51, 9 2.3, 4 00,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55. so. 11 20 undays 10 59, 6 53, 8 40, 10 ta. Latehloru-8 14, 8 40, 934 10 2. 11 17, 1 20, al 45. 2 13 042, 1127. Sundays 823 23 303' 4, 722t.bba401it. 6 7%6 turdays 19113,79, . 4515 aturctays excepted. Liverpoollina Earlastown)-1 u 35,5Q,7 50,3 0.9 25.115 15. 1 6(), 6 20, 4 2.3, 450,. 65.7 5, 6 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, 1(1 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40 Jioudays only. Via IV idnes 625, 8 20, 9 5,95)0.2 30, 12 40 1 25, 240 335, 343 4 2.05 20, 6b. 830, 10 40. Sundays 7 35, 2 10, 7 15, 104). Lon‘rou (Midland )--5 15, 10 5,12 u, 2U, 40, 5 , a 9 15, 12 0, out. aye 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-15 7, 8 32, 9 20, 9 54. 11 9, 1 ii, al 37, 25, 251 4 14,15 36, 6 9, 641 '1 41, 33, 11 19. Sundays a 15, 2 25. 7 15. azaturdays only. /Saturdays excepted. Manchester (L & 51.-W.)-6 35,7 28. 7 55, 9 28, 10 33, 12 38' 5, 6 4,,a5 8, 5 26, 68, 7 iO, 90. Sualaya, 7 54, 1 44, 6 .54 baturda3,,s excepted. From Oxto.d Road. Manchester (LundOn-road)-1 0. 7 55, 9. 25. 10 35, 12 3, 5. 20, 340, 555. 510,65, 75, 855, .045 Sundays 730 030 1 40, SLaLuidayS excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (chealare lanais )-6 45, 7 20, 8 3), a 9 5, 9 30 935,10 30, 10 55, 11 30, 1230, 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30,4 4 s(ati 10, 38,7 do. 8 30,8 63, 905, 1.1 0, alO 30, 11 0. Sun I cit.) t 8 10, 10.930 15 40.1 3.0, 4t 6 35,8 20, 9 40, aSatur 35 )5 culy 6 Middlewich-6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-b 56,9 6. al 14, i 2 1 i,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 New ton 655. 725. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 1022, LI 2, IL 3 1 48, 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27,? 30. 8 5, 9 15, 9 55. Saturday 40, 32, 37, 4'?, 418, 10, 5 35. Sundays 8 3., 949, 1010 40,7 Paclgate 7 8.7 43, 8 26, 9 0.10 6 1 9, 210,3 12a,5 18a 7 3,9 19. Sundays 8 53, 11 20a2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,a6 25, 8 15, 95 9 26, 10 10,11 28, 12 15 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 40. 6 45, 727, 830, 945. 110. Sundays 29 45, 8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 41, 2 36. aNiondays excepted. lit/acorn. 53-3, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 125, 52, 440 541, 6 30, 8 10. Bankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 1 36 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40,6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 1 50 40, 5 7, 9 28. Sheffield-8 25, 115, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 65. t..t Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 20. 125, 2 45. 430, 5 50, 82), Sunday 7 45. 25, 7 25. Southport -8 5, 15 10, 11 15,12 50, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 7 0, 810 5, 940 Sundays, 90, 0, 80. Thelwall-S 10. 8 36. 9 30. 9 58, 1113, 115, 1 41, 2 9, 230 9 18. 5 37, 63, 645, 7 4a. 931, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 23 7 20. Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15. 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 25, 2 30, 3 25, 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 716, 7 53, 9 3 1L42, a San- ays 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 9 20. a Saturdays only

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79 ,

I • Ai ! ‘ ' h 4 , k :11,, , lc,: \lk 'ifil,,,ikghiri ,rf--,,c) 1. Nll.'.litil, r Itii,c..lol!.:,r,liNift.iti,i ~::.:iiii ,x•". ~I, ‘l,l !1,. .N74H:rti,c.,l 3 t i,l li' tAlkl ! Ati ,14 11, ~... 1,04 , • II . 11' . i.,.(1-...;,, 11C• ,«',10.::. T:'' • i .f, *•.<, .;....,;o`,..tk.' , I 1: .4.7.riile . - , ~i,t(A it‘l„ .°1 . , ~ .. • -, , .- , •,. Ili ';,,,kt, ,1 ADE7iNik— il '1 ' ' • .. . ••,11, - i',. --'-,;-;!.:-..F.----.2.`1,t i ,tr',.,,,,,;,,,, •.' A 1, ) ; ..,' .."--:--7-:,..-7.---,-;',, ; iv: tsW;.*: -i-'/ - • , • ' : 1 ~,,;,',,, il If/ !:,,,. ‘,..;.-...:,,;1,,',,"':: ' ' \ ''' I'll 1" ''' . -—-; ' • ' 1-- -: :7•Sr11111‘ , t ' 4: .`,. ' - '- , .\I )!11,i, ; ::; . ' i ,-;;_-- • ~ . "7,1, a - - ,• .: • .... .., , ~ -- .. -, • , ' ~%,.\!ii - ' .... . ..; . . ~., , ~q „.. , ---- . . - -i ~a- 1 .:?I'V,,i''''''''';€:"'itt ":".a1.f..,t- ?ke" ':*:".,,fl;'#'., " .'" -,er,,,'"is.aii+' - , f.,„, • ..,,,s, ...4..,„..,,,..„,-,\,.,,,,:,i, ~.., ~;„.,iti, ... ~,...:4,,, ~lef ''!‘",',-• ~ ' ''' f. .-- = ~.. • . , e - .1, . -,i, ;`. '‘`: .:: ...e., :4 ft1:.r,,,,' 7.. ;:-:::i : ~''''; .' ' , .„' ..'.`,..',..).. • ,Z. 5..- . ,1,191.1 i •1-0..',...-,"-^'',*/^ ''' : • , ~,' •,.4".'.*!-••,Net'‘,l,liti ",:-..-'4!.'5,;:',-. -,..4i '' ' : '. lc c'a. -- 'VI , ~...,,, A , ~ 4,..?„1,,,t,.....,,,,;.-„,,,,--, ts ~.A.f.;i: ''''''' ' " ' \ '"'AV fill I:','‘ lid; , .. ' •.; .. ~_ _ , ..-s7'. •fr- - kA 41,(4.1:*'...., '.!...1'.,;:5.'", ~.,,...';',C:- ,•%,1 ' " ,:'• .. , 7 z•-"t•-"--'4,-,":-.--.•--''''-:-->i.,--.... k,')A\\*NlV‘','-'=-!.:'''.',..r, ;•.'=',:;-:`,:=4;.4-.....4...1.‘..;-31-8, Q. STANDARDS TEN GUINEAS. • SPECIALS FIFTEEN GUINEAS. :: . Head Offiee:—COVENTRY. I Local Agents:—Warrington Syndicate, Liverpool Rd Warrington Price List Free on Application. I Liverpool DeOt :—rot, Bold Street, Liverpool. ----,

LOCAL AGERTS : DUTTON AND HEAD. 34. MARKET-STREW. EtIRI,RST(IWN. L. JACKiON NO Co.. 91, GREENWAY-IIOAD. KUNCOTIN. J. S. 'Oc!AAN A,I) CO., 51 DUKE REKT, ST. HELENS. TEBBUTT, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ••

• •".•- • ..,. •,,, •f;,"-- 4',e, ,t'. ' •- ' • ~ A . ~,..... ~. . .. ...„ ~.4,.,„ ~...:,, „,..,...f, ,:•,..7.,,,,,, 4:., . : 71, . , ',..,, .'..# •."•.,;., ~,,,..,... . . . .., ~ ',..,1 `:.'s .;4 ..•, • .. , • .'", ' s ti".. ‘' f -, • f, ~ . . 1 .I v i . 4' . .... _. I ' i 'r : -.2. g,, •-,,. ..,., • • t. . , . •..,-.. 4,k' \] ~ ‘:1, • ,%, ..,,. , .., -.,, 4, . - FOR THE HAIR. • . Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dandriff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Invaluable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 316, 71-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. MISEIMataWaRWMIIMI 611=13aWSWZNIZIAZZOIASSESEINIMEL. INIMMEEIMIZOMIWND92I:=IrMIN2 ...::,, .;,_ y 4 ;: :•,, .a.,, .i•i: - • ~.,b., ~. .'',. ,• '• •'• :.- • , ';',kt....4, ~,, • . •, ,_o •,',4, z' ;Ai .'- • : :', •., ' • .• J • , . .4,4' 4,1 --,- .li Y 4 I ~ ..t ~ 41 ii 'l4 . ':i ...11,, , ...' , - 31's • '*' '''''' ~. 'l. r: .' ig '`' n 0. • 1 '1 ;:i 0 . liz: •' e-. ..,..., - VI, • •‘:t,..) FOR THE TEETH. The Best Tooth Powaer. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid Ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London. •

44,fti .5--ki—,,,Wgzas-Vpegititto.W ~,,p--;\-,, ~ ‘i.t. • -7-, * poi\ :44 Li . DINT .16.,1fy ~,,,,,,y,. .„, ,\ ' „ ii„ (fp! , ! - -1, 1 vett Ett ,A,- •, : _ iiit,Lv, PA. ~ )_i:: , r.:--, ril ,4„.,,: to. ' „ I\\ F ip , - 4j4 '.- -,. . pc ..... cyvz, cc n T..., Cr a Watch before you have seen ard tested it. it'A el .410' J. C. GRAVES' System of trading entirely prevents a customer from being imposed upon by common and worthless articles which YeAtt he has had no chance of handling or examining before he has parted with I.) the money. 4Y ' . ~, J. C. Craves, World-renowned "Express" English Lever, 4.4,41 _... -- - .- es 2. 10s. Ocl. . h t, ,„. guaranteed genuine British Manufacture throughout, is supplied on the first ,It payment of five shillings, and your promise to complete the purchase in 0t..,.‘ f nine more monthly payments of the sa'ip.e amount.- This is the fairest and „ P st.A. most advantageous offer ever made to the British public. Seven days' free . trial is allowed, and if you are not entirely satisfied with the article return it and your deposit will be instantly refunded. . . . ...„. J. G. Graves' Splendid Illustrated Catalogue of all ai\ 44 the Latest Designs is sent,. Free and Carriage Paid, on receipt JVIA es) of your name and address. ...* coy, 1/144 4 In order to make our system better known, we are offering good terms for the introduction of Customers. Write for particulars. llot _ 476 J. O. Oict..MILTM S 9 DEP':, 161. 4.64,* Division Streei, tZHEFFICLD. exiVW-4 . • . . ..P.-*01.,,A,_411.44-509::*41_'•0%5Z-14* ~W

"... i Has:, , r.' J TOOTHACHE AND m2nOCK i:- BIM and Girls can get a NICKX/.. NEURALGIA CURB. PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and ; 1. "IBIS' CHARM for selling li dozen packages of " In bottles. Is. 10., of all Chemists MILNE at Firepence each. Send your or Post Free from Manufacturer, full address including name forward e Illuine of County, ' . 4 ' Mr. A. B. ROBINSON. L. DS., RA...5.. by return mail, and we will th, ..c"......-1--, post paid, and a large premium list No money London, Surgeon-Dentist, required. BLUINE Co. (Department C 2) ' 29 Seymour-street.. Liverpool. )241. Gipsy Road, West Norwood. London,S.N.

r Y LE S CYCLF.S N 1 For Litotes and G.ntle- -111FOr men. •• ROYAL AJAX " fl at value. Carriage paid. 30 per cent ehelper than wh ere. Immense Stock, N...yr and Secondhand., EASY IERMB : FROM 100. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINE; EXCHAIMED. 1899 ILLusTakr.D Lisra Pier FUER. Large Cycle• Biding School THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., ,45, Bv TON-ROAD, LivEßPoor.. City Branch: 30 ELLTOT-STHItikT, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Antield.

IRE GREAT REMEDY. 7-4) la A I ige43, rs% _ f free; •401 ILLS FOR ,*OI.IT. RHEUMA.TI fkl„ ,CII.OTICA. WACO The Excruciating Pain is, quickly relieved Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists and ttores at Is.lld. and 2s. 9d per box.

HOLLOWAY'S PI L. ,:r- -13iliotts and Tievvous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, Ecc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

7 - .r. p.- -film p.,-- - -,,,,4.-• •01,,i :If -d I : ~ i• *- k., ri s':';,.; 1 ' ' 1-• ~ rtri- ~. *.., ,'. ;,'" ;$• ' • .-:. -r, , , . '`'._, t i .!,,1,,,,•,,,g I Quicsr,, connr.e'r ALL rEntorLAnrrrEs, REm&E ALL onsTuncrloNs and relieve the di.stressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/4, & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. n,,,,,r, rf Ircitafirns. infurinux and lon fh,st ~

SY M I N GTO WS EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a.moment. l`lo trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE. /XlO

CP"' S : .. J c-J NO 1 .•..., , CYCLES ) For Ladies aridl -...A1,40?';\ 1 A ./'• Gentlemen ar a 1 4,.,.\-------Z most up-to-date. Nfp --/6_\..‘ ' ‘`\ -,-YLI F::\I1 carri.ve Paid. 4 i.....: ST, . POST \NE,- r Cash Discount. LIO 0 16 5 Monthly Juno No. 4,4E10 10s. 1716 Yoatlikt• 410 10 17/6 do. Write for New S,sson's List of Juno Cycles £l2 0 20/. do. 81.1 .%. .cc'- ent l'ect Free. ti 2 12 21/. do. Metropolitzu inttchinists' Co.. rAdl £l4 14 2416 do. 72. Dishopscati, st., IVithaut, Lt.. an" 415 15 26/3 do. Picmdilly Onus, I.ondon, W. Type Writers, P-9 98. 15iG Monthly.

TRH FAMOUS L. AND I. TAWNY FLAKE rOBACCO. THE SWAETEST AND cooLl-Br SAOKI3 ON BART IN loz. AND 2oz. FOILS. Lid PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BESWICK, 58, HORSEMARICET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LIBERAL CA.NDIDA.TE FOR ME ItIONETRSHIRE. The County Liberal Association met at Mtgelly, yesterday, when Professor ()wan Morga,e Eiwards was unanimously elected as the Liberal eaneidacs for the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Ellis. THE POPE AND VIE SPANISH DYNASTY. • MADRID. THURSDAY. It is authoritatively stated to-lay, that the Pope lean decided to approve Father Sancna's recent pamphlet, re- commending Spanish uatholics to accept the present Spanish dynasty. MILL FIRE AT OLDIII3I. A fire broke out at abaut One o'clock yesterday after- noon in the top spinning roans of the Alma cotter' milt of Messrs. P. Schofield and Co., Limited, Ashton-road, Oldham. The 011harn, Werneth, and Tewnfield bri- gades harried to the scene and found the flames raeiag fiercely in the upper storey of aJarge block. *The flames made their way well into the fourth storey, and I after about two hours and a half the fire was practi- cally setedued. Damage amounting to £3,000 had then been done. ALL-NIUHT SITTING OF A DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Harwich Dictict Ceuneil concluded a sitting of over 12 hours at 8.30 yesterday morning. The Council net the previous night to elect a chairman. The Liberals proposed Mr James Doagill, centractor, and the Censer- vativee Mr John Fletcher. an Independent gentleman. The voting was equal. Neither side would give way, and refresnments were seat for. The members lighted their pipes and celled for newepspers. At six this morning the Conservatives moved an adjeernenent, and left the meeting in a body. The Liberals afterwards appointed Mr Deugill as chairman, and the meeting was adjourned until Monday. THE CREWE-PRIHROSE WEDDING. There was an enerrneue crowd at Westnainster yester- day on the occasion of the marriage of Lard Crewe and Lady Peggy Primrose. It is estimated that 15,000 people witnessed the bride's entry into the Abbey. LATEST LOCAL WEAT EIER, FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-wast of Eag!ar.d was issued at the Meteoreligical Offiee at three o'clock yesterday afternoon :—North-eesterly winds, light ; changeable. Some showers. DISASTROUS BOILER EXPLOSION'. SEVEN PERSONS BILLED. BERLIN, THURSDAY. A telegram from Rosenthal in the principality of Oreuss announces that a boiler explosion occurred tiaere to-day by which seven persons were killed.

OR FIRST-CLASS P H IVATIC D ENTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient informed beforehand the cost of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the altil of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,0Cle gallons weekly. 113xors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIsT BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER -.46, MOSLEY-STREET. (Telephone 1660), LIVERPOOL . ........ BOLD-STREET (felephone 2155) ST. HELENS GEO RGE-STRE ET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATUUDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREET. TU LSDAY, 2 pm. WARRINGTON ....3A, S ANK EY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ........ BRIDGE-STREET. THU RSDAI , 2 to 5. N0RTHW1CH........-18, APPLLIIMARKET-STREET. FRIDAf, 11 to 12, eaud 1 to 5.

MAR RIAGES. GLAYVIN—GONST —April 10th. at the Parish Church, War' rington, by the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, Henry Clayton Da Mary Ellen Gorst. DEATHS. SKERRATT —April 3rd at Longford-street, WarringtOOP Margaret Sherrat, aged 79 years. NooN—April 6th, at Bostock-street. Warrington, GertrOcit Mary Noon, aged 29 years. CRoziEß—Elpril Bth, at Hopwood-street, Warrington,Willian/ Crozier, aged 51 rim's. Donsulf—April 10th, at Foster-street, Warrington, Frederieo William Dobson, aged 6 years. GLYNN—ApriI 12th, at Rose and Crown street, Warrington' Winifred Glynn, aged 55 years. KlLBoY—April 11th, at Friars Gre,m, Warrington, Patrlo Kilroy, aged 36 years.

FRIARS GREEN, V7arrington (Opposite Arpley Statioil Also at MANCHESTER ROAD, (late lissenhigtes.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &Co, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Tozatfri Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marti. el Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING IIIONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
