===== 0002601_18990922_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PAYTON'S IA7- ALL PAPER I,,(.ILEANER

PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL ;PAM?. EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIC!) AND HEALTHFUL. RAS:: OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LAROF, ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR ls, 6s, CARRIAGE PAID,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1067.

LIVERP66I, AND UL.A.SGOW, 4.4 at GREENOCK, weather and cireum- elan- es permittiuu OWL AND BRAII Or other steamers Are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen oceurrence• SIIPTEMBER AND OCTOBBR. FIV,A Lsvmmoor, Fic)M GLASGOW Saturday 23rd 1 p.m. Tuesday 26th 2 p.m. 630 p.m.* Iburiday 28th 6 p.m. Saturchy 30th 2pm. 6 .30 p.m.* Tuesday 3rd 9 p.m. Friday 6th 2 p.m. 521 p.m.* t From Clarence Pock, ,9outh-West Side *By Train from Central Station to at India Wharf. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 10i ; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage. (single) 5s ; PF.CIAL VsnEs: —Cabin return (available for ten dlys). 12s 6,1. Steerage retuin (available for ten days), 7s. 6.1. Through bookings in connection with Chsshire Lines between W,,r- rington, Manchrster, and Glisgow and Greenock. Return tickets are avail Lblo by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MA(.3V511 1..; CO., rdamger3. Albtrt ALEVAISNACT, 4iad Tower Buildiuge, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

S.P Q.K. B.P.Q R. SMALL PRIOR quicic RHNIBDY I For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS.

Speedy. Safe, Secure Remedy. Wlien in doatit take a Baird's I'lll. ?MCI! is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 9.0. Local Eran?hes of BooTs cash Chemists

WAfir.LNGTON 35. lUIGI S 2 IFiT u BIZIDGI3- STREET. AND MAIIO-a-O,ITE. tiroexPowu :-26, BRIDGF.•,:TREET BR.W. ALTRINCILAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREETO liccLEs :-SE, ST. tiELIINS ; -6, OR ASKIRIC-STIIRET. CHESTgti EASTGATLi ROW and 30, EASTUATE-

===== 0002601_18990922_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FirtIDA.Y9 SEPTEMBER 22 1899.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES

===== 0002601_18990922_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT CLeARANCE CYCLE SALE.

HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES.

THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES [0 SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE' OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, - PREVIOUS TO KEMOVING TO NEW PREMISE 3. Call and inspect. Mt be seen to be bslieved, the Genuine Bartcains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GLJA.RANCEEiI 12 IitIoNTHS. Agents for

OSMOND, SINGER, RALMIGEI, DRAGONFLY. PALMER JARROW, ROLL'S. ASCOT, SANSFAJLEIL. CLhVPLANGS, GRO.6VENORS, RA7,IBLEIL:. CA.7IIFIO'NS, 11.4RDER 017:2LP.5.

THIS A ClV,scii, A )..IFlrimr,. TO CRT C.'CLES AT :SlllOll LOW

PRLC3AJTI/EV. AR 111,J1111 OFFERED. HABDIE, 161 13ERRY-STIEET, LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE AGENTS.

Our llustrated Trade Catelegue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. FramFs, Wheels, Fittings Clips, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see

===== 0002601_18990922_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE l't EL I ANC i:', \''...l. YC LE

Note --" Built of our well-known Do•ille Butted Tube." GUARA:'aEhD TVit,,,UVS IVIONT11;:?.

Come t the Fountain Head,

rip • WELDLESS I_llBlr, AND `4, I 'YCLE CO. Telephone Whoimle Warebol.sa. 63, DUKE-6EIEI:T. 7,609 City Depot, 17. NIANCHESTEr-!Mal. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

By PosT{ is. 7344 per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum Is gcl. per Quarter credit

() if, 6

kjiIEMISTS N, HO COMMAND PUBLIC ESTEEM. THREE GOOD QUALITIES YOU MAY DEPEND UPON. (1) THE PETIFY.CT FRESHNESS (2) THE GOOD QUALITY (3) THE FAIR PRICE OF ALL DRUGS SOLD AT BOOTS ASH CHEMISTS.

Every Branch is under the management of a corn- pet(nt man, qualified by examination of the Phar- maceutical Society. The services of a reliable Chemist are thus at the disposal of BVItRY cus - turner whether a Physician's prescription is brought to be dispenee or the simplest drug is sequired.

_ . For (1) PHYSICIANS PRESCRIPTIONS (2) PURR DRUGS (3) SURGICAL APPLIANCES (4) TOILRT ARTICLIIS (:) HOUSICHOLD REQUISITES BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS

take the load in the towns where they la.ve branches. TOILET ARTICLES.—Many of the branches have a large and elAborate stock of Hair Brushes, Vinai- grettes, Fancy Combs, &c., suitable for presents. in in.-xpensive or expensive mountings, according to the taste and means ot purchaser,.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

ARE SOLE L CAL -A. GENTS FOR -THE FoLLOWING . SPECIALITIES : _ _

BA I RD'6 BlLlb[rti-A.IN-1; LIVER PILLS. Highly recommended to sufferers from Bilious- ness and Liver troubles. ' Is lid fot Bid. at Boots, Cash Chemists. G I:..ta TON'S IL' SI BIWCATION, Splendid testimonials from leading athletes. rStrengthens the muscles. Is. for Kid. at Boots, Cash Chemists. WILLS' WAUKEEZI g. Ama corn curer. It never fails to give prompt relief.

ls. for led. at Mots, Cath Chemists. CAMPBELL'S CHERRY COUGH CURL'. Unfailing remedy for stubborn coughs and soro tbroo.ts.

Is. 10. for ls. At BcoLs, Cash Chemists

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, I;RIDGC-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDOE-ST,, WARRINCITON.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DANDELION COFFEE

FOE FIRST-CLASti PRIV ATE

DENTISTRY.

INETH. Appointments unnecessary but may t 0 arranged lICETH

All Consultations free. IEETH. Hach patient informed beforehand the eoat of work required.

lEETII.

lEETH.

TNETH.

TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

AR M.D., also Lady Attendants.

Painless lixtraction as hitherto by the ald

of Mtrous

Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. lixots. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (Mum= BY BrAm.) ....... -16. MOSLEY-STRZET

(Telephone MO).

LIVERPOOL.-....- ............5f BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2165)

ST. HELENS .—...._._.____...oEORGE-STREEZ MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7p.m.

EARLESTOWN ........ ....... - ...7, B RIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON 3A, SANR:3T-STREET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,- BRI OGE-STRE ET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

N0RTHW1CH........-18, APPL a HARK ii,'T-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

I - i k../OMPETITION KEY,"

PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY, PRIOR ONN PENNY. OVLIt £l5O IN PRIZES.

CONTAINS; SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appearing infthe principal weekly periodicals. Great Football Competition, Unique Coioss +.l rrize Scheme, Graph. ology Column by "Zola." TERMS OF SUISCRIPTION :—Single Copies. Post Free,2d.; One Month, 6d.; three months (12 numbers), le.

PUBLISHESS :

CAMPBELL AND SON,

STANLEY CHAMBERS, LEICESTER.

LONG WORTH PAPER _./.ERCEIANT. BUTTER PAPER, 138 6d owt FLOUR BAGS. 208 ow CHEESE ~ 118 ~PURPLE BAGS, 98 „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE OR PINK,. 128 6d. CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 'lid ;16 by 24, ICid ; 19 by 29 16 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, lez. 10d. 2 ozs. 18, 4 ozs. Is 2d per 10(X). 5000 1 SIZE id per 1000 less. ENVELOPES, 18 6d 1000. NOTE PAPEll,3*dper pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMABSTREET, MANCHESTER.

M

===== 0002601_18990922_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
fliontp.

£86500 TO ADVANCE ON MORTGAGES, REVERSIONS, LEGACIES Le. In- terest from 31 per cent. CHIEF RE TS FOR SALE.—.T. BROWN, 504, Lord-street, Liverpool. Est- 1872. Tel. No. 7486

ofogozo o 33kpreLecentit ot ; obAdvaeeth luoedn OT 2150,000 ttrt to suit b4rrowers,in any part of the eountrv.-4. W. BEADS:B, 6. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. g OHN FL GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES U PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNI3z, WARRINGTON at raj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District general' receive precisely the same attention. Loans in SUM of £5, El, £lO, £2O. £3O, MO and upwards.

FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Ca. (Established over 50 years. £5 LOANS TO 1',500 DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE /lOUS SMOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and S CRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Least-hold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. ' £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ 5/. „ 22.5 „ 12/6 „ 215 „ 7/6 „ £3O .. 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or fines chtrged. hours 9 to 2. and sto 8 p.m. Srtturday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent for PII3LDINa-5 LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. 7he undersigned has been establislid for nearly 33 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner. and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. . PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES.

PROSPECTUSES, terms for advans, or any information desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on appliea tion either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PA YNE,

ACCOUNTANT,

20 K _ENNEDY OTREET,

MANCHESTER.

NO FEES!! NO CHARGES ! ! Tun COUNTY PRIVATIt LOAN COMPANY Advance Money t respec able applicants (male or female) on their own note ot hand. No other sccurity asked for. SIICURCY,

PROMPTITUDE, EASY RErAYNIENT73,

MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to uine ; SAtnr- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT 'PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). DAV/S, Manager.

ELEPIIONB No. 6,941

For Nearly 20 yoTtr—s I)AViS'

FAMOUS FE ALE PILLS

_ ------- have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO IWOMANRIND. They are the best known remedy :for Anwinia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, tlysieriA. PrOpitatiga of the l-fr Art, Debility, Depres,ion, We::kuess, Irregularities :-.nd all Female Ailments. Poxes, 90., Is. 41., 27. Sd and 4s. 6d. li be c,d from Chemists and Patent friedielne Vendors eve:yidvhere. Do not ty.., persuaded to accept a substiut,-. it not in str.ck ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor—

Da. DAvis, 300, Portobello-road, Notttng 11111, London.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~.' ,: % . [. ,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
I i 4' t • 4 ; ° 1 I

===== 0002601_18990922_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
It

===== 0002601_18990922_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USE McDOUGALI:S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 22 1899

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE,

With the wane of the summer sun the days get shorter and colder, and something warmer is required than a month ago. Fashion generally is disporting herself in thicker apparel and the thin- ness of the summer dress is yielding to that of autumn. On the shoulders dresses are now abaci- lutely simple and severe. As yet some women cannot persuade themszlves to do without some little frill or trimming-. They fancy they look dowdy with an intcrrupted line from the neck to the elbow. I warn you against allowing your dressmaker persuading you into having shoulder-knots or frills. The whole trend of fashion just now is against them. And in eleeves as well, tightness and absence of trimming rule the hour. The only varieties are found in bands of lace inserted or a few tucks or rows of stitching on the top of the sleeves and at the cuff.

A sensible hat is an absolute iiecessity, for a smart hat will make the quietest, neatest costume chic. I feel inclined to resist the omnipresence of the sailor hat, for how deadly tired we are of it. Nevertheless, when it is worn, I own I prefer the plain black band to the college colours so often worn, but not owned. Fashionable women never wear the sailor hat in its naked form, though they are distinctly partial to it in a smarter and more feminine guise. One I saw the other day was simply a sailor trimmed with blue taffeta silk, striped with bobs ribbon velvet, a black quill thrust through the large chou, which was run, as all good choux are to-day, on one edge. Anothez hat was of browny-white rustic straw, with a scarf of maize-coloured tulle draped round it, into a large knot at one side, caught with a gold buckle through which a couple of black quills are thrust. The quill is just as fashionable to-day as it was yesterday, and generally finds a place in such simple hats as these.

I like always to eee some toech of white or cream colour about the throat—this gives a fresh and dainty air. The clear lace neck-bands that have been so muoh worn this year have a particular charm, and the lace scarves tied twice round the bare throat have shared it. Nothing we wear round our throats should be heavy, or it frames the face most unbecomingly ; hard lines of deep or bright colour should be avoided, for the more hazy and light the ending of the collar and the com- mencement of the neck the better. The tulle and mousseline scarvse fixed to the back of the hat are very becoming, but the black velvet strings are apt to be a little hard. I will try to describe a very chic little searf a little cousin of mine has been malting for herself, and which looks charming passed twice round the throat, the ends brought to tho front., and worn with a pink silk, or blue or white muslin ehirt. This cravat is of white mous- seLne de eche. The flower is made by an applica- tion of rose-coloured mousseline de soie, hemmed on with a creel stitch of white silk, and the centre embroidered in yellow. The leaves and stalk are outlined in green silk. The white muslin is cut away under the rose up to the two edges by which the flower is held to the muslin either side.

The serious downpour of rain he ':orought out quite a multitude of white wa,erproofs, some trimmed with a piping of red or blue. They look smart on cycles, but I do not care for them other- wise. They tire too short and "baggy." A really smart waterproof seems to be impossible, and for this reason I think many of on prefer to do without them. The new skirt made quite plain at the hack, which is guiltless of pleat or seam, looks very well it made quite short. A friend of mine had one made for travelling, and it wa quite a (multi% So, after all, there is come hope for our winter skirts. -

Sneaking of skirts reminds me of the fad that my readers must be eareful, ii they study eeonomy, to buy double width and reversible materials. The skirts made with a seam up the back or front are not vary "fetching," neither are they very new. Flannel shirts, or blouses—for the shirt proper is a thing of the past—are really pretty, parAeularly those Trade in cream, pale blue, or pale pink flannel. They have discarded the stiff linen collar and cnff to sport yekts of cross-barred narrow black velvet, and the collars and cuffs have trimmings of the same. A rumour of the coming popularity of green I do lint credit—a deep wine colour will be the faecurite shade, but most of us recognise the advantages of wearikg black in the autumn. There is always a certain vogue for green plaid, and for a rlrese :or a child the tartan of the 42nd clan should be ch J9en, with a little Wiijte chernisette at the neck easily taken out for washing and replaced ; this is one of the most durable and one of the most be- conAing styles. Tnere is a novelty promised in skirts. These are to be out.. in numerous gores in the old um- breLtt style, fitting quite tightly round the hips, spreading outwards at the hem, a style it is possible to shape with elegance in a comfortable walking length, therefore may we devoutly hope for its arrival. Your loving JENNIL

HE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

TOBAGOONISTS dtrated Gind 2E.9 30— Tobaccorists' Outfitting Co, 186, Euston-rod Lunen, Hairdressers fitted.—Manager, H. MYERS. , drt

'OLYPHON.

HIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL NSTRU ',ENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork—thou.sall,:.-. cf Tunes. You can choose your own tun's.

GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE:

Priccs frcm I. 6d. to £2 ARCIIFIZ 43 TO 47, LORD-STEP:Er, LIVERPOOL.

( Copyrig ht. ) THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.

BY HITME NISBET,

Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Hunting for Gold, "The Swampers," Jo.

CHAPTER XXI. 'VICTIMS 02' ?ASHTON.

This pretty winged Gadfly had already flown over Waters where Maxims and Gatlings and long-range guns were not allowed to lie idly under their water- proofs. In spite of our vaunted nineteenth century security on the waterways of the world, there are portions where the pirate and the cut-throat still flourish—demons much more remorseless and cruel than those that infested the Spanish Main. . . _ .

But the Duchess Valerie NCas not at all afraid. Her dainty pleasure ship could be turned into a veritable gun-boat on the shortest notice. Her gallant crew could rake the enemy fore and aft, while to any small shot or the defective old, fashioned grape guns of the Malay prows 1r Moorish galleys, the Gadfly was bullet-proof. Time was no great object with them for the pre- sent. They had fully three months before the Yukon River would be open, and the steam yacht was able to travel, with the anthracite and smoke- less fuel, twenty-three knots per hour easily when put upon her mettle. They were going for a pleasure trip, however, not a chase ; therefore, they nsed their ordinary coal, and called for fresh supplies at every available port, reserving their special coal for emergencies. Two weeks after the Gadfly left Cowes, Mr. Stephen Belwood despatched a serviceable ocean tramp round the same direction. The tramp was laden with plant, and carried miners engaged for three years' service, to work the new claims. They were to sail round America and wait for the Gadfly at the mouth of the Yukon River, in order to let the steam yacht go in first. The private arrange- ments of the Duchess and the company promoters made this necessary. Having, therefore, plenty of leisure on their hands, Commander Osborn steered straight towards Lisbon as his first coaling station. Down the Channel and through the Bay of Biscay—ah I that tempest-tossed Bay of Biscay. The Gadfly was beautifully adapted to pass over two waves at a time, but the waves of Biscay defy even the best- laid schemes of shipbuilders. Here the company did penance for their gastronomic sins, past and present. The anthracite coal was piled on the furnaces, and the Gadfly darted through the seething green waves at her swiftest ; yet there were many miserable souls on board during that two days' passage. Beds were more in demand, with basins, than baths and boudoirs. At this portion of the voyage his lord- ship the right reverend Bishop and the two eagle- nosed dowagers had grave doubts as to their physician's goodwill towards them. While they lay groaning in their cabins in their dire extremity they were inclined to entertain suspicions as to the integrity of this fashionable physician, who pocketed his guineas so freely. Supposing, after all, he was a secret emissary of that dreadful Radical, John Burns, and meant to assassinate the upper classes under the pretence that they required ozone?

They bad the ozone with a vengeance now, but ag it was administered, dynamite could not have been much worse.

"I have my suspicions of Sir Harold Goutsettler, " murmured his reverend lordship wearily, as he raised himself from the basin which the respectful steward had hAti his dignified head over. "He has been raised fr.iin the lower ranks, and doubtless retains sonic sympathy still with those dangerous principles of the masses from which he sprang." The good Bishop was as unjust to the fashionable physician in his dire agony as Hope Eastlake hyd been to the rector.

When, however, the Gadfly hove in sight of the Spanish coasts, the weather swiftly cleared and the waves became beautifully less. Then the Bishop and the stately dowagers began to take a more reasonable view of affairs mundane, and even be interested so far as to come up on deck and take a good quaff of the ozone recommended. They all felt better after this, and began to take an active interest in the unfolding scenery and the bill of fare for luncheon.

It had not been a long purgatory for the paradise which they were now enjoying. Three days since they had shivered before a marrow-piercing north- east wind, which not all their wrappings could shut out. Now they were gliding over dark-blue waters, where the small waves tossed snowy crests into the warm sunshine.

It was almost pleasure enough to lie back on those comfortable deck chairs and watch those wavelets through the netting; every moment brought an alteration and variety of lighting and colour. Emerald green, amethyst, violet and sapphire-like blue danced over the ocean as the sunlight shifted and raced. Away in the distance stole out cape after cape of the tawny coasts of Portugal, the softest and tenderest of mist-films towards the horizon, bluffing out bolder and more definite of colour as the yacht neared them; until what had been soft washes became rugged cliffs all red and yellow in the lights, and royal purple in the shadows.

Spring costumes took the place of winter furs, those to be swiftly succeeded by summer gauziness. To those gay butterflies of fashion the rapid changes were delightful. These gave them the occupation to which they were accustomed, and without which occupation life would be so void and dreary. They disappeared at regular intervals into their cabins as actors and actresses do behind the wings; to reappear exhibiting fresh marvels of the sartorial craft. Like birds of gayest plumage, they promenaded the deck, spreading abroad the supposed spices of Araby. They completely altered the original briny flavour of the ozone, so that it wafted over their cheeks and into the nostrils of the seamen charged with violet, cherry blossom, and a thousand delicate and subtle essences of flowers, making them dream of heaven. The good Bishop, accustomed wherever he went to those celestial odours, was obstinate in his opinion regarding the aroma of ozone. A slight— very slight-bouquet of salt might be discernable at times, through the more exquisite blendings ; bat he was positive that the ocean air was impregnated with the same qualities as that which wafted in early summer over gardens and lawns. It was the one serious and imperative business of these voyagers' lives afloat or on shore to dress themselves or, rather, have themselves dressed. Vanity had but little to do with it. Modesty nothing. Fashion had fixed laws which dominated every other consideration. The ladies dressed for the promenade between their bedrooms and the bath in charming deshabille. They dressed for breakfast in chaste and simple cut garbs and shades. As the hours advanced towards dinner-time, so they became more extravagant and butterfly-like ; starting with linen, muslins and softly-clinging materials, to close the exhibition with silks and satins and other rare stuffs.

In the morning they covered their necks and arms with jealous decorum. For luncheon they permitted the gentlemen and seamen to observe slightly-veiled glimpses of those charms, so as gradually to accustom them to the evening exhibition. At dinner, and afterwards, they flung shyness to the perfume-charged ocean breezes and appeared in all their bravery of innocence. The transformation scene was on then. The gentlemen could see for themselves then whether their friends had been good judges of the feminine form divine when they bestowed their names upon those sirens. The young men could examine the wares that were offered for their inspection ; while the honest tars, as they looked, then turned their eyes away bashful, thought about the wives, sl,veethearts and sisters they had left at home. It was a fair and dazzling picture when the electric globes were glowing. fgenerous and lavish display of rich and artful robes, with flashing jewellery, resting upon shimmerinc, tresses and creamy arms and necks. They mere all beautiful at such times ; even the dowagers contrived to do with Time what Canute could not do with the waves.

But in spite of the rare vintages, the epicurian dishes, the splendid surroundings and the rapid changes, it was all slightly monotonous. They had done this sort of thing all their lives, until it had become to the actors like one of those long run and successful plays. They played at dressing, eating, drinking and flirting. They all did a little sketching. They were all accomplished ; therefore spared each other as much as possible the inflic- tion of those accomplishments. When they played or sane. they uerformed because they were asked

to do so, yet without expecting anyone to listen. This helped to kill the hours. They were votaries of pleasure who had mostl,3l lost all zest for the pleasures of life. The conver sations, brilliant although they were sometimes and refined also in their heartlessness and cynicism, were the same in that ocean saloon as took place in the drawing-rooms on shore. The softly-whispered words that they listened to on the deck, under those glorious stars, were repetitions of those insiduous whisperings they had listened to in shady conser- vatories and on river boats so often.

There was the same well-groomed uniformity amongst the men. If some were vicious they covered their criminal instinct by the same monotonous softness and politeness and lack of individuality. They all wore moustaches varying only in shade, like the colour of their morning tweeds or flannels. In the evening, however, one man might easily take the place of another without the change being observed. And the young maidens were not much more interested than were the matrons about what was whispered to them under the stars. They had their passions, doubtless, as their hostess had, yet. none of them possessed her vitality or intensity. Amongst that bevy of fair, smiling and gracious women, and their attending and courteous flatterers it is doubtful if one heart had the capability of being lit as hers was. They might be warmed, or even made red-hot by out- side flame, but they were, like asbestos, not corn- 'ssistible, and they cooled quickly. His lordship the Bishop, when be promenaded the deck with the lynx-eyed dowagers, suffered no uneasiness at what he heard or saw. His present charges had all been well trained. They would never do anything foolish or sinful. They were not impulsive, so he enjoyed himself greatly, and gradually got rid of his rheumatic and influenzic pains. The Duchess Valerie was not at all bored, if most of her guests were. She adored the ocean, and gloated on the ardent sunshine. Her love for Sir Lewis Eastlake, evil although it was, ergrossed her active mind too utterly and constantly for her to be listless. She was impatient, and wished that her wealth and fire could have thawed the ice that now separated her from the land she longed to reach. But, since that was impossible, she had the rare gift of being able to wait and enjoy what was given to her. She drank deep draughts of the fresh ocean air. She basked in the sun-heat with all the pleasure that a cat takes in a winter fire. She flattered the good Bishop and the dowagers, and divided her attentions so equally amongst her guests that no one could be jealous. Sometimes she would lend her small ears to a little flattery and honeyed words. But before the flatterer had time to flatter himself that he had made an impression her grace would turn him off with a merry jest, or sly shaft of good-tempered sarcasm. She was an adept in the wiles of the sportsmen, and not to be caught. Her male visitors knew her of old. As Sir Lewis had done, they considered her beyond their reach. The Duchess Valerie was a prude who would never commit an indiscretion or risk her place in society, and she had the ambitious pride of Queen Bess. She would reign alone unless she could conquer another kingdom with her next consort. Meantime the Gadfly glided on her journey with all the smoothness of a swallow on the wing. They put into Lisbon for two or three days, as the Duchess had a large wine-growing estate here and a comfortable château on one of the sunny hills of this pleasant city. They all enjoyed the change ashore, and were soon in the everlasting swim of fashion which is so extremely hard to enter and so difficult to keep out of, unless the votary drops out of sight altogether. They drove through the Do Chiado, the Place du Cominerce, and di Figuiera. They sauntered through the sheltered Avenue of Salitre, visited the numerous churches and convents as well as the opera house ; bought trinkets and jewellery from the goldsmiths, and did all that the Grandees expected them to do. Then satiated and fagged out with balls, receptions, and the everlasting tear and wear of their lives, they crept once more back to the comparative ease and seclusion of the Gadfly. To Madeira they next steamed, and were almost rested when they anchored once again in the hsrbour of Funchal, to be met by a host of aristocratic invalids. They were boarded by those wearied valetudinarians, and carried ashore to the fashionable hotel, where once again the same round took place. There could be no escape, this side of civilisation, for those tired-out victims of fashion.

CHAPTER XXII. TIII CYCLONE.

It is needless to say that on this ocean voyage a considerable amount of money—or its equivalents, I 0 U's—changed hands. What are fine attire and ornaments to those who have profusions of them? When the bumpkin gives to his sweetheart !I ribbon or a pair of plated earrings, he walks straight into her innermost heart, for he maketh it rejoice, and when the heart is merry it lowers its drawbridge and flings open its gates. But the patrician lover may involve himself with the Jews until he is over the ears, purchasing diamonds and other precious stones for his love, without stirring her sluggish pulse, more than just one momentary throb, if that. It is vulgar to be emotional. If his love cares for him in the patrician sense of the word love, all the gifts which Solomon bestowed upon Sheba would not one whit advance his cause. He must have the rent-roll, or the title, to make him move this well- tutored maiden. His gifts are only drops put into a full bucket. They may be pretty drops, and they are taken into the bucket, because it would be rudeness to refuse that which may impart pleasure to the giver. What are rare dishes and costly wines to those who every day fare upon them? The coster takes his Donah to the gallery of the theatre. After giving her that mental food they go to a fried fish and eel-soup establishment. If he has cash enough he will treat her to eel-soup, fried fish and potatoes, washing these delicacies down with a pot of "four" between them. He is a man in his own and in his Donah's estimation, for this generosity. She "dwells tenderly upon those even- ings for years after she has buckled into the cares of life. They are the sweet flowers of love and romance to her, the poetic reminiscences of hers and his past; the blossoms which love sent out in that spring-time before the frost. Can any fashionable young lover ever be so fatuous as to dream that his love has paid the slightest attention to the viands which helped to empty his purse, on the rare occasions that he could act the host? If they have to part, and she has to take the other fellow, it may be a certain flower that stood between them which she may remember—for a time ; never what she ate or drank. The Donah remembers for years the drama or the songs that were sung at the music-hall, while she was with her coster boy. The patrician has heard and seen too much to recollect even what particular opera it was, during which he came in to say farewell. But they are not quite blasé and emotionless, these aristocrats. They do have their moments of interests and excitements during which a strong pulse of human nature thrills through them. Wines nor spirits cannot do this, for they have supped these nectars from their boy and girl- hood. The passion of war rouses them up a little, particularly when they are hedged in by the enemy and all hope seems dead. Then the ancient instinct for fighting will grip at their languid hearts—the lust of murder, if you will—and they become rejuvenated. The savage man springs up and fills them with a strong and steadfast joy. Death sends into their nostrils his acrid breath, and they fight—fight and joy in the slaying and being slain. Next to this appetite, which makes heroes of our soldiers and fills our prisons with lower-bred criminals, comes the instinct and lust for loot. Gambling administers to, and satisfies, that passion. The excitement of the turf. From the start to the finish of a race an eternity of fierce excitement holds the man who has a stake on the result. He lives, during those few moments, a hundred weeks of his ordinary existence. On the tables at Monte Carlo, as he pitches his patrimony on the colour he patronises, he is a bunch of nervous expectation, which to him seems .eore like pleasure than anything he has been ?aged to. In the City, with shares and stocks fluctuating, lie lives with the same intensity that he does at the roulette circle, the race-course and the card- table.

That is why, now that gambling in its most exciting forms. is prohibited, these descendants of the roll-signers of Battle Abbey are rushing pell mell into the Stock Exchange. They absolutely require some excitement in order to exist. Captain Eric St. Arnoul was not a popular member of his London clubs, or rather, he had not been before his cousin, the Duchess, had intro-

dneed him to some goon otOCK excnange =Vest- ments and advanced him the money to invest. Now, however, his name was flourishing in the public papers, as director tof several bound cola. panics, and his most pressing debts all paid. Then the dowagers and the bishops had absolved him and condoned his shady past. lie was a respectable scion of the aristocracy once more. Her Grace had adNised him to be most careful in his handling of the cards and cues. He was at present on his promotion with a future before him, if he could only act on the square. He was, therefore, extremely cautious in his behaviour, and as far as he could, he acted fairly. If, therefore, owing to his extraordinary skill, a good many I 0 U's fell to his share during this voyage, he could not help that. It was out of his power to forego a game, but no man could now accuse him of pricking the cards. He had eschewed that kind of artistic work after the Calydon affair, in which his friend, Sir Lewis, had been kicked out, and he had only escaped by the skin of his teeth.

The Bishop was fond of a quiet rubber. So-were the dowagers, but as they only played for shilling points there was no possible excitement to be got out of them. He took a hand, however, when wanted with them, in order to please her Grace, but while sometimes he won, more often he lost to these ancients. So close a shave, however, did he run them, whether winning or losing, that both bishop and dowagers declared him to be a most excellent young man. It was when my lord the Bishop and the dowagers had retired to their virtuous couches that the real games commenced. Then the play ran lofty and Eric St. Arnoul fought as his ancestors had done at Hastings. He spared not, yet he played with a pure and open hand.

It is hard to overcome the habits of early youth. Often when Eric was trying to bluff his antagonist how he wished that he had that quaint little steel cockspur still in his vest pocket. Alas! he had left it behind. It is so hard to have to depend upon chance when one might be sure. Yet there was his posi- tion in the City to keep up, and her Grace, his cousin, had a remarkably sharp pair of eyes. He lost sometimes, but he won often, and, by his adroit management, kept himself popular with his cousin's guests. They all liked a clever player to tackle, and besides, they were going out to a land where they would be sure of a new excitement— that of gold mining. Gold, which fascinates the humble clerk, held this aristocratic throng in thrall. They had all brought money to purchase shares or claims in the Yukon. They were all as keen upon it as the humblest digger who had shipped for wages with the Yukon Moose Mining and Exploration Company on the river tramp that followed them from England. After enjoying the delicious climate of Madeira, and going over its spots of interest, riding or being carried in hammocks up the precipitous roads, and down into its deep green and flower-covered valleys; our voyagers next hied them to the Canaries. They paused for a day at Palmas, then once more they steamed away due west towards those fertile islands of the Spanish Main. The lofty peak of Teneriffe loomed up behind then for the greater portion of that first (iv, a marked object on the horizon. Then it faded ..nd sank gradually, and they had an unbroken circle of sea and sky. It must have been a fearsome responsibility to cross this ocean when Colombus made that first joatney of his. He believed, as the sincere advo- cate of immortality does, that there was land beyond that sky-line, and he sailed full of faith. But what anxious nights and days he must have endured, despite his faith, as the vessel plunged towards that Unknown, over those laughing blue waves! How he must have watched the log-line when it was cast over the aide to know if it drifted behind, or went with them, side by side. Each hour his men must have watched also, with boast- like terror in their eyes—the kind of terror that makes beasts grow vicious and men become murderers.

As the line floated behind, Captain Christopher was able to breathe with relief; he had gained another hour of respite from death. His faith was not yet proved a myth and a fallacy. There was no deadly current swaying them in its relentless grip and sucking them on to that fathomless abyss—the end of the earth—or if there was such a fate in store for them, they were not yet within the awful influence. - -

"It took some pluck in our forefathers to ven- ture outside the circumscribed lines of their time, my lord," observed Eric St. Arnoul to, the Bishop, as he aired his book-reading to his erudite com- panion. They were both sitting under the silken awning one forenoon, with a sun beating down upon the deck which made it decidedly warm where exposed, although the pitch had not commenced to rise yet out of the seams. It was warm, but not oppressive, and the Bishop was in a genial temper. The uric acid had been subdued for the time, at least the pains had quitted his joints. He was therefore in his most tolerant mood and answered genially: "They were terrible bigots, in those dark ages, and—well, yes, you are quite correct, captain. It did require some pluck for such adventurers as Christopher Columbus to discover America, in the days during which he lived." His lordship had won two games of cribbage from this interesting young man, who could play so well ; yet not quite well enough to beat the Bishop, on the night before. The air was balmy, although each instant becoming more sultry. "I have not felt so well for several years," remarked his lordship, daringly cracking his finger joints. "I believe I am growing younger every hour."

At this moment a sailor approached and said: "Beg pardon, sirs, but you had better go below —we are in for a buster."

"A what ? " asked the Bishop, vaguely. "A cyclone—get below as quick as you can—for by George it will be on us in another minute." The seaman rushed from the promenade deck, as if he had been a New York fireman shewing off his paces to the expectant crowd. As he did so the boatswain's whistle sounded shilly. "A rude fellow that, don't you think so, Captain St. Arnoul ? " asked the Bishop, turning to his young companion. But Eric had risen with alacrity, and without commenting on the man's 'behaviour, more rudely dragged the Bishop out of his chair. "For God's sake, quick, your lordship! Let me help you down to your cabin, or you may be washed overboard." His right reverend lordship had been airily cracking his finger joints a few minutes since; his knee joints cracked now, with the strain he put upon them as he raced along the deck towards the companion way, Eric dragging and urging him along. They were in time, but only just in time, to reach the saloon before the Bahama buster pitched upon them with its usual vehemence and speed. Fortunately for the rest of the voyagers, it Came while they were attiring for luncheon. The sailors had time to secure the openings and batten the doors.

With a devilish shriek the tornado swept upon them without warning to the uninitiated. Into the smiling blue sky it sprang with the bound and ferocity of an enraged tiger. It trailed in its rear, slate-tinted clouds and seething white waves. It laid hold of the silken awning and tore it into ribbons in one instant of time. It bent the masts like willow branches before an autumn wind. It covered the vessel three-quarters up her funnel with snowy spume, and tossed the dignified Church magnate, as if he had been a mere shuttlecock, frau one end of the saloon to the other.

A terrible moment that was to everyone on board while this sixty or a hundred-mile-per-hour wind- fiend rushed past. The agitated ocean came after this resistless infesting gust, and rose up to quash all resisting obstacles as it rushed seethingly along in the wake of the cyclone. There was consternation below during this wild half-hour of savage turmoil. Women shrieked and clung to whatever looked firm. Men set their teeth and clutched on also to rails and door handles. Heavy feet tramped overhead and hoarse voices roared through speaking-trumpets, while the wind screamed shrilly and the waves rushed over and obscured the daylight in the skylights and portholes. Then gradually peace settled down, and the pro- pellers began to work and gently thud as they had done before. The crisis was over, and they could begin to pick up their toilet apparatus, and set once again to the task of making themselves beautiful.

The Bishop picked up his episcopal frame, with the aid of his young friend St. Arnoul, with whom he had been playing skittles for the last half-hour. They both instinctively sought the electric buttons marked "brandy and soda," and pressed them fervently. Then, braced up, they began to consider where they were. "I fancy we must be nearing the Spanish Main now," observed Eric cheerfully. "This seems like Captain Kidd and Morgan's weather doesn't it, my Inrd ? "

A Book for Ladies.

The knowledge contained in this book is of PRICE- LESS VALUE TO UVERY MARRIED LADY, and has been the means cf brightening the lives of thousand.. It contains a large amount of valcable information. All will prc fit by reading it, as the Itnowledge gained Is pricelesg, and cannot but do good. sent in sealed enve lope for two stomp

AIRS M. FABLEIGH, (Box 63,) 160, HACKNLY ROAD, LONDON, N.B

4 , f......) //' li 14. . . • //:: 1 lei 1 ' • ~i,. 1 441 Z4l /11 :,

, , cc\ 11 A. 9-' . . - . ---- • ' -' '' - . . , -----"-"..-J . 4; L. ' \''''.:L., dr/ . ' P aRiCCI'.) ~ V 4,irj//, " '4, ,-,4._z-, \: -, , ill//://' C-rii.; 'IT.- --2,;,,). ,e. . / ,„,,, ...,,,,,,,,/, ~,,,,,.,; ki, ///.{/.. ~,,-.:,#: „/„/ , :„,/,,,,,,/,, 4.. . ~,,,, ~,„,:. ~,,,,,,„.„,..,....„,;„._____ ~,/,,,. , c„,,,,,,;(„.,„ ~,,,,,„ . 404 .- '2:‘,-)././'s r,----_-:--------- 'ff'd . ' IL , ~top____-_-_-_- 1, //7 4,,', 409.1ie-' ----.-=-11"///.p .7 (fit ,-, r —l/phii; ~,, - ../..e, - .

M, t'll .'.. • 2 I 1,7, 'l5 ii 2 I.r.' , ,•%,...1 , vt 1,,,, .. /y,„, ii/ • /4 I ,- , • . ,:‘,„:„.•

THE P T. A 't=4o.lio 4lr

===== 0002601_18990922_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
mazz grozN -rzN, 5 1,14,4 toz:v t„..z.4. •,. 6....22w

G;IATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
C as' 4,07 r

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

- =-* - 7",

_

GOLD MEDAL

,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
- - •

•• WOMEN'S CHIT."

Whatever difference of opinion there may have been concerning the guilt or innocence of Dreyfus, there can only have been one feeling of sympathy with his wife in the troubles and trials which she has faced so heroinally. The pages of history and mythology furnish many stories of the devotion of women to their huebands,buts whether true or mythical, there is none more striking, ; or pathetic than that of which France has been in our day the scene. That Madame Dreyfus will break down later on however,none who know her well,teem to doubt for a moment. While there is work to do, she will do it,when there is time to rest, a collapse will probably be ! the result. Teo many siens of departing summer warn us that the best of the cycling days are over. When not ' required, it need hardly be said a bicycle is both cum- bersome, and no small trouble to keep in order during the winter, and those who make a business of stering machines are, it appears, in the habit of charging a rather heavy price for looking alter them. In Paris this difficulty has led to a curious but very convenient practice. The machine when no longer needed is simply taken to the " Pate," the headquarters of the State pawnbrokers establishments. A mere trifle is borrowed upon it at a nominal charge, and the owner of the machine goes away with a light heart, assured that not only will his or her property be quite safe, but also that it will be kept in perfect condition. Si g( neral has the system become that it is causine the State pawnbrokers no little inconvenience, but they cannot legally refuse to advance money on any machine or object that is brought to the " Monte de Pate " This felicitous idea is not of course practicable in this country. We have no system of State pawabroking, and must admit that this is one of the things they really do manage better in France. ! Mrs. Alec Tweedie contributes to the •'Queen" an emphatic warning against aver exercise on the part of ! girls. Formerly women took too lietle exercise, but now she thinks there is great danger of girls going to the ! other extreme ; and suggests a little more exercise for the mothers and a little I•ss for the daughters as the perfection which we now want to attain. Mrs. Twesdie has been looking about her, and she finds "long, thin, tired-looking girls." who . seem to be made of legs ane arms. These young people have done too much, they have no right to be as thin as they are, they have no right to stoop, the narrow chest and rounded back come from over excercise. Such is the writers view, and she holds that several of the games, such as heckey, which girls have taken up lately are too rough for women. Dr. Dukes, physician to leueby school, deals in a new book with a subject which is of importance to tsese:e parents e'no send their children away to scheot. Dur- ing the past few years, all things connected with educe, tion have improved enormously, anal no doubt the diet at hoarding sch-o's has improved also.so that in the vast majority of cases there is probably nothing to grumble about. But it was not always so, and many men and women who have reaceed middle life, have reason to remember the insuffiency of the diet when they were away at school, although they may have made no com- plaint at the time. John Wesley is said to have been half starred at the the school of his day, and thousands of lads, particularly when very young, have had similar experience. No parent ought to send a child to a board' ing sehecl where the diet is limited ,and if such a schwa is the enly one which he can afford, he would do, much better to keep the boy or girl at home. Recent articles in the " Lancet" and other papers tend tei show increased (appreciation of women as doc- tors. In recent times difficulties of no ordinary kind have beset the woman who had made up her mind to devote herself to the medical profession at home, but now her path is smoothed by:educational facilities, equal to those which are offered to men, and degrees in medi- cine are offered to her by Scottish Universities, and that of London. At the same time women who contemplate practisines as doctors must not forget that the work is laborious, and wearying, that a large sum of money has to be spent in obtaining the necessary qualifications,and that when they have been secured there is generallystor the first few years, a weary waiting for patients who show little inclination to resort to a new corner, unless be or she has exceptional degrees. One eminent prac- titioner advised a young doctor te put up hie plate and then go away for five years, but it is to be feared that even this expedient is denied, and that it is necessary for the owner of the plate to remain on the spot in order to build a reputation. Sir Walter Bement urges holiday-makers to pay more attention to the Yorkshire coast. Writing on the occa- sion of his fourth visit he says, that he "never tires of its cliffs,l its bays, its scars,eits dales, its moors, its picturesque towrs, and above all its kindly people, who, if you approach them in a proper spirit, will be found to be surpassed by none, in their kindliness and civility." Low' 11 loved Whitby above all other seaside places. Du Nieurier went t the same town year after year; and Sir Walter, himself is enthusiastic concerning the charms of Robin Hood's Bay. His counsel may be commended to those people in the Midland towns, verging towards the North, who either go to Skegness, or undertake a tiring journey to the Isle of Man. " Mama, how deep is the sea ?" is a question which has been heard by a good many people during the past three months. and Mama in most cases has answered discreetly and warily, that the depth varies from a few feet to a much greater distence. A few days ago Sir John Murray who was on board H.M.S. " Challenger " during her historic cruhe quoted to the British Asso- ciation some interesting statistics on this subject, Of the 103 million square miles which the ecsan covers, more than half is at the depth of between two and three milee. The greatest depth is at a spot in the South Pacific!, where the " Challenger "found the bottom to he more than five miles away. Below two miles all is darkness, and the temperature is only about 85 degrees. In hats, many of the newest shapes closely resemble the Salvation Army "poke," with flaring brims which stand up from the face, and diminish to a mere nothing at the back. Some are cut out at the back, and the majority are raised a little at the side. The jam pot crown appears to be coming in again, and the Puritan shape is prettily adopted to Dame Fashioe's require- ments. The sequin, again this autumn shows no sign of diminishing in favour. For four seasons now it has twinkled its merry way on our gowns, wrap% and head- geareind there seems every probability of the craze con- tinuing yet another four. The sever sequin it is rumoured is to have the measure of our best affections, but at present this seems somewhat doubtful. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_18990922_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
------

•I. - • •="

th Ripe Fruit Juices.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
INFECTIOUS DISEASES HOSPITAL. THE PROPOSED EXTENSION.

STRONG OPPOSITION IN WHITECROSS WARD.

An agitation is being conducted in the Whitecross Ward against the proposed extension of the infee- tious diseases hospital, and a petition against the project has been forwarded to the Local Govern- ment Board. At the Town Council meeting in August, plans were laid on the table of the proposed extensions, and they were unanimously passed without comment. Permission to purchase land, and carry out the extensions was given in the Cor- poration Bill. The plans have now been forwarded to London and await the sanction of the Local Government Board. The presetnt hospital has served its purpose for over twenty years, and the continued growth of the town has rendered the extensions necessary. At the present moment the accommodation is taxed to the utmost, and still there are numbers of infectious cases being treated at hom-,, the authorities being unable to receive them at the hospital. The Health Committee has decided to proceed with the extensions at the earlieA possible moment, and the scheme they hese decided upon is of an expensive character,involving the spending of something like £5,000 or ..£6,000. A portion of the land required has been bought and negotiations are proceeding for the remainder. The most noticeable feature of the intended alter- ations is the provision of a new entrance at Goulden-street. This will necessitate the patients being conveyed along Lovely-lane and thence down Goulden-street, and such a procedure is strongly objected to by the residents and property owners. It is intended to erect an entirely new administrativt, block in close proximity to the proposed entrance, and in addition to a new ward, the present administra- tive building, which is too small for present day requirements, will also be coeverted into a fever ward. It is also intended in the present scheme to still keep the lodge and gates in use in Aikin-street but to reserve them exclusively for the departure of patients. All the patients will be ad- mitted by the Goulden-street entrance.

'This scheme has caused a great deal of comment in the district concerned dating the past week and i a meeting has been held to consider the situation. The following petition has also been prepared with the object of submitting it to the Local Govern- ment Board :—" To the President of the Local Government Board. The humble petition of the undersigned residents of the neighbour- hood of Lovely-lane, Golden-street, Monks- street, and Collin-street showeth that the Corporation of Warrington propose extend- ing the fever hospital and making a new entrance out of Goulden-street. The locality con- tains a large number of better-class houses which will be seriously depreciated in value, and the very mention of the scheme has created quite a scare in the neighbourhood. Your petitioners are of opinion that the present access is ample for all purposes and that it is wholly unnecessary to have a second entrance and your petitioners therefore pray that the plans now submitted to you by the Corporation may be amended s 3 as to save the necessity for this second entrance and your petititioners will ever pray." etc: This petition, it may be stated, has al- ready been signed by 27 property owners in the im- mediate neighbourhood and 50 residents. From information which a reporter of the " Examiner " has been able to gather from the opponents to the scheme, the opinion prevails that as an alternative scheme to the one suggested, the present administrative block might be enlarged by the addition of another storey, and thus avoid the necessity of a second entrance leading to a new ad- ministrative building. Failing this, the opponents to the extensions object tothe expenditure of a sum of over £5,000 on a site which is admittedly an unsuitable onefcr an infectious diseases hospital. The present building is surrounded by residents, and in close proximity to large works. It is argued that if such a large expenditure is necessary, it would be better to build an entirely new hospital outside the borough. We understand that the health Committee will be asked to receive a depu- tation on the sulject at its next meeting.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WA.RRINUTON VOLUNTEERS.

REGIMENTAL PRIZE MEETING.

The annual regimental priz meeting took place at Alt car on Saturdly afternoon. Shortly before one o'ciccir the men and their officers, altogether to the number of about 170 assembled at the Drill Hill under tie com- mand of Lieutenant-Colonel Riegway. Subsequently, headed by the regimental bard, they marched in proces- sion to Bank Quay Station, and were conveyed by special train at 1.40 to Altcar, where they arrived about half-past two. On arrival at Aitear the shooting com- petitions began but they were not all finished. The following are the results up to date :

===== 0002601_18990922_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' TROPHY.

Ist prize G Company 2nd , 3rd . 4th place .. D „ sth „

:

7th „

.. A '„.

MAJOR ROOM E'S PRIZE.

Ist prize 2nd „ 3rd ~ 4th place sth ~ 6th „ 7th „ The Voluntee:s commenced their journey hcme at syven o'cicck, and on arrival in Warrington they march(d by way of Wilson Patten-street, Bride-street, and Sarillcy- strut, to the Drill Hall, w!. er9 they were dismissed.

CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES, New end Second- 'land.—J. S. GARLAND 51 to 55, R idge-street, Wnrriug- toy, , 'ASK or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—.Advt

===== 0002601_18990922_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
xt Is ruthless enough Tor any piratteat com- pany," answered his lordship with a ghastly grin, as he poured out a second bumper and quaffed it off. "/ suppose this is what Americans term wild and peaceful."

(To be e-vntinued.)

===== 0002601_18990922_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. J. E WORSLEY.

THE FUNERAL.

The grave closed over the remains of the deceased gentleman on Friday morning, when all that ie,mained mortal was interred in the family grave situated on the South-Rasterly side of Winwick Churchyard. The hour fixed for the funeral service was ten o'clock,and promptly at the time appointed the Rev. Canon Penrhyn (rector), and the Rev. J. W. Williams (cunste) commenced the service in the Church. The coffin was covered with beautiful wreaths,and lay in the chancel whither it had been borne earlier in the morning by the bell-ringers of the Church; The funeral was of a semi-private character, and notwithstanding the early hour of the service, a fairly-large number of people atten- ded. The relatives present were :—Mrs. Worsley (widow), Mr. Edward and Mr. Hugh Worsley (sons), Miss Eleanor, Miss Mary, Miss Agnes and Miss Joyce Vvorsley (daughters), Mr and Mrs Rigg of Golborne. Amongst the friends and sympathisers present were: Mr C B F Thrron, J.P., C.C., Mr T Ormond, Mr Collingwood, Mr E T Evans, and Mr shirley (clerk) on behalf of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council; Rev R Smith (rector of Lowton),Dr White, Mr John White, J.P., Mr Herbert Woods (Messrs Ashton and Woods), Mr Taylor (Messrs Greenall and Buckton), Mr Mullard (clerk to the Lymm Urban District Council), Mr Dobson (deputy coroner to the deceasel). Mr Granger, Mr Peter Longton), rector's warden of Win wick Church),Mr Massey (sidesman) Mr Pennington, of Woodhead,. Mr Shaw, Mr Clarke (schoolmaster at Winwick), Mr Thomas Warburtors, and others.

The service in the church having been concluded, the ceremony at the graveside was brief. The Rev Canon Penrhyn officiating. 'i he coffin was lowered into its last resting place by the church bell-ringers namely, Messrs F Bridge, W Bridge, T Edgington,R Edgington, Arthur Baker, and Albert Vardy. The inscription on the coffin was simply " James Edwardson W0n1ey,1899." The grave had been lined with evergreens, and numerous floral tributes had been sent. At the close of the funeral a muffled peal was rung.

REFERENCE AT NEWTON SESSIONS. Before the commencement of the ordinary busi- ness at the Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday morning, the Chairman (Captain Withingtony said that he wished to express on behalf if himself and his brother magistrates their feelings of 103E3 sus- tained by the death of a solicitor on the previous day, who had practised most courteously in that court ;he referred to Mr. Worsley. Be thought an intimation of their sorrow should be sent to de- ceased's relatives.

Mr. J. W. Knowles, on behalf of the solicitors practising at the court, said that they deeply sym- pathibed with the family in the loss they had sus- tained. He was sure tha., they and the public of the district would feel very much grieved at the loss of Mr. Worsley at such a comparatigely young age.

A VOTE OF CONDOLENCE. At a special meeting of the Urban District Council of Newton-in-Makerfield, held on Moneay the 18th inst. the Chairman (Mr. Borron) hi moving a vote of condo- lence with Mrs 'Worsley and family in their loss sus- tained by the de itu of Mr. Worsley expressed the sorrow with which he and every member of the Council had heard of the loss they as a rublic bociv, had stained by his death, and moved the following r,sclution, viz:— Resolved. " That this Council havinf, heard with deep regret of the death of James Edwardwon Worley, Egg., of Winwick, for over 20 years solicitor and legal adviser to this authority, desires to express its appreciation and recognition of the valuable services rendered by Mr. Worsley, and to place upon record its deep regret at the great loss the Council have sustained by his death, and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Mrs Wors- ley, as a respectful expression to her and her sorrowing family of the sympathy and condolence of every mem- ber of this C )uncil in their sad bereavement "—This was supported by Mr. Ormand and Mr. Gilmour, and car- ried in silence.

PULPIT REFERENCES. On Sunday. the Rev. Canon Penrhyn, rector and rural dean, preached a very impressive, sermon in the morn- ing at St. Oswald'ri Parish Church, Winwick, in which he made sub able reference to the late Mr. Worley. He spoke of his excellent character, and his connection with that church for over 20 years, as parishioner's warden for 12 years, during which time he had rendered valuable s(Tvices to the church and parish. They would miss him very much. The Beetlr also alluded to the other offices which the deceased had held, as coron:r for the Honour and Fee of Halton, law clerk to the Newton Urban District Council, Lao., the duties of which he dis- charged with great credit to himself and those around him. He was a kind husband and father, and Mrs. Worsley and his family had their deepest sympathy in their sad bereav, meet. In the afternoon the Rev. W. Williams, curate, also alluded in a very effecting manner to the deceas, d gentleman.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER Op CONIMERCR.

The monthly meeting of the Council of this Chamber was held at the Market-gate Chambers on Monday. Alderman Roberts in the chair. The Secretary (Councillor Bennett) reported that he had arranged with the Board of Trade to exhibit in Warrington, at an early date, the whole of the coin- mercial samples collected by Mr. T. Worthington during his special mission to South America. Some discussion took place as to the desirability of arranging for a public lecture on the resources of Western Australia. and it was decided to consider the matter fully at the next meeting. Mention was made of the movement to boycott the Paris Exhibi- tion as a protest against the recent verdict in the Dreyfus case, but although the feeling of indigna- tion at what was generally regarded as a gross per- version ot justice was very pronounced, it was not thought desirable for the Chamber to take any official action in the matter. Mr. Edward Garnett, who attended the autumnal meeting of the Associa- ted Chambers at Belfast, communicated his impres- sions of the proceedings.

[WHITE]. White to move and win.

SOLVERS LIST.

Previous Problem Dual TI score. No 46. Sol. Pts. J Lee, Warrington W Rigby, Warrington W Hewitt, Warrington ....- 62 2 2 66 E Donagby,Padgate........- 56 2 2 60 H Powell,W arringt on T P Forbes. Warrington B Ogden, Warrington 48 2 2 52 G Rowe, Warrington 44 2 2 48 T Rickers, W arrington 44 2 2 48 W 3fassey,Warrington 4O 2 2 44 W Darlington, Penketh J J Foden,Warrington....- 3B 2 2 42 J Evans,Warrington .. 36 2 2 40 J Green,Warrington 36 2 38 A Rutter, Warrington 34 2 36 A Banner, Warrington 3O 2 2 34 "B JP" Warrington ...... .- 28 2 2 32 "C P."Warrington 22 2 2 26 S Albinson, Stockton Heath 24 24 W E Kean.Warrington l6 16 F Wright.Warrington G Lowe, Warrington.-- .lO 10 S Tavlin,Warrington JR Grieve. Warrington It Mercer. Padgate ...... .-....- 2 2 J Ross, Penketh

As will be noticed by the above list, the majority of our Solvers have found a dual solution to Problem No. 49. The dual solution is as follows. 27-23 7-I1 10-14 5-32 18-27 9-18 18— 9 W. Wins. NOTlCK.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this competition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Drainthts equal to the value of ss, instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we may state that we offer a monthly prize of 53 to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the bead of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re--,nter the competition if he chooses, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction. Intending competitors may commence at any

===== 0002601_18990922_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
time.

For the following interesting game and diagram we are indebted to the Liverpool Mercury. From the "Single Corner" opening; Flora Temple" line. By THOMAS WALSER, Liverpool. 11-15 24-19 10 - 14 31-24(h) 11-27 22-13 22-18 16-20 19-15 14 —l7(c) 20-16 31 —22 15-22 28-24 4 8(a) 21— 7(1) 27-31 12— 8 25-18 8-11 24-19 3-10 16-12 22-18 12-16 25-22 7 11 24-20 8-11 8— 3 29-25 5 9 27-24 7-14 9 5 18-23 9-13 32-28 20-27 18— 9 13-17 B wins. (a) Given as a loss for Black in Preston Ketchum's " Flora Imple." vars. 113 and 114. (b) The position here is worth attention. See diagram. '

[BLACK.) Black to move.

(0) Mr. Ketchum given 2-7 and 3-7, and the result is a Wtite win. 14 —l7 _seems to put the boot on the other leg.

(1.) 23-18 8-4(3) 31-25 22-18 18-14 8-1100 20-16 11— 7 17-21 30-26 19-15(4) 28-24(2) 20-16 25-22 15-10 31-27 6-10 10-14 21-25 26-17 15— 8 24-20 18-15 16-12 12— 8 27-20 16-11 14-17 , 25-30 3-12 (d) Only move to win. Black wins. (2.) 18-15 6-10 4 8 14-18 30-25 10-14 16-19 11— 8 (*)10=14 22-15 13-17 B 1 tek 15-11 3-12 8-11 19-10 25-21 wins. (3) _ _

21- 5 10-14 18- 9 11-27 26-23 ' 27-31

18-15 15-11 11— 2 s 8— 3 3 8 8 —ll 3-12 6-10 20-16 16-14 16-19 14 18 Back wins.

(4.) 24-20 27-23 8— 4 17-26 16-12 17-22 31-27 15— 8 14-17 30-23 6-13 Black 19-15 ?3-14 20-16 13-17 4 8 Wins draughts

NEWS OF VIE GAME.

THE PARIS EXHIBITION TOURNEY.—The proposed international tourney at Polish Draughts to be held

at Paris during the Exhibition a 1900 is nom assured, we learn from" La Tribune des Damistes,' a generous amateur having promised the sum of 500 francs towards the prize ft lid. Many other subscriptions are also promised,a%d subventions are anticipated from the President of the Republic lied from the Municipal Council of Paris. The Parisian players, headed by Moryzieur Leclercq, editor of the monthly magazine " Le Jeu de Dim, s," and ably assisted by Messieurs Barathon,Baudry, Chardonnet and Dussaut, have taken the matter up with spirit, and are forming an association t) be called "Le Cercle du Damier Parieien," under who,e auspices the tourney will be carried out. Arrangements will be made for a special tariff at the hotels during the tourney for the conte-Aants and all draughts-play- ing visitors. It is intended to hold the tourney at the Cafe du Globe. Boulevard de Strasbourg, Paris during Whit week. The entrance fee for com- petitors is fixed at 25 francs (about .E 1 There will be three sittings each day during the tourney, and a charge for admission will be made to spectators of 2 francs for the day. or 1 franc for each sitting or of 10 francs for a season ticket for the whole duration of the tourney. All entrants to the tourney and also all subscribers of 10 francs to the funds, will be entitled to free admission. The value and number of the prizes is not yet announced. and will of course, depend in a great measure upon the amount of the funds subscribed.

The small diagram enable our r e Ici ers to understand the notation by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black SC upies the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus (11-15) indicate that a move is me de from and to th squares so numbered. Black has the opening move and the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

or 1.134 411 8 clam • IN• tAr-ty,,,,, •13/0, 2'24,1318 ,;`,j '/Eid,4l:l4,Eir, 28

===== 0002601_18990922_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Rill G HAIR RESTORE

By warm shampoos with CurieußA SOAP, followed by light dressings with Cum.:Yalu, purest of emol- lient skin cures, which will clear the scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, and make the hair grow when all else fails.

Sold everywhere. British depot: F. NEWBERY & SONS, Lon- don. French depot: L. MIDI', Fad. Australian depot: R. Towns & Co, Sydney. Wants Duca Am; Cant. Cour., Sole Props., Bolles, U. 8. A.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BOILERMAKER'S ADVICE TO THE

QUEEN.

CURIOUS LIVERPOOL INCIDENT'. A small sensation has been caused in the north part of Liverpool by the new-born enthu-ism in certain directions of an old boiler-maker named William Price. Mr. Price, a man of 59 years, lives in Ethiopia-street, off Foley-street, Kirkdale. A shrewd and welcspoken man, he is immensely popular with his wsrkmates and the people of his district. Be has worked hard at his trade for many years, and his keen kindly face with its twinkling eyes nder the grey brows is as well known among the people as the toseer of the old c'aurch not far from his residence. He is a most intelli- gent and interesting character, with a sturdy inde- pendence which (as a neighbour remarked) would make him just as ready to offer his opinion to the Queen as to yourself—the reporter wno was looking for him. And so, curiously enoue.h. it proved. for Mr. Price used precisely the same expression :—" I would say the same to Queen V eerie," he said, by way of confirming something which (when presently discovered by our representative) he had ben descrih- in.'. During the last few months Mr. Price has for some time been missed from his circle. The b )iler-meking yard has bee% without him, and his mates have inquired often and anxiously as to the reason of his absence. Re- cently he has again been up and doing, with apparently a new lease of life and vigour. Far from being loqua- cious before, he now talks with great freedom, but al- ways on one subject. The Transvaal, Royal visits, Australian cricketers, are waved aside, and all his elo- quence devoted to a single subject, which has taken possession of his mind entirely and completely. A news- paper representative had a talk with this intsresting character the other day, with the idea of learning all about it. " First and foremost, Mr. Price, said the writer, " are you willing to see in print everythiug you tell me to day ?" "Every word, my son.' I'm going to tell you nothinv.but Gospel truth, and if you print it in every paper in England, all the better." " Very well ; to start with, what took you away from the boiler-yard ?" "See, here !" and the man turned up his jacket sleeve, and, rolling up his shirt, disclosed a brawny arm which was slightly blotched here and there with rd spots. " A little while ago." he said in explanation of this phenomenon, " a rash came on that hand. It spread up the arm, and the arm began to swell. I saw a doctor and he said it was eczema. He gave me stuff to rub it with, and I rubbed it, but the arm swelled up worse than ever. It grew a terrible size. I don't believe there's a man in Liverpool had an arm as big as that was. I kept on using the doctor's stuff, but presently my leg started, first with a rash and then a swelling, just like the arms. I saw another doctor, but still failed to obt tin relief. I got so had that I couldn't sleep at nights. My arms and I.gs itched terribly, and my legs were FO much swelled I could do nothing. I rubbed them with sulphur ointment until the akin came off. I tried first this remedy and then thee, but nothing did me any good, and I thought I should never work again. Then my daughter here saw an account in the 'Mercury' of some of the cures effected in Livernool by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. Well. I didn't at first attach to them as much importance As I should, but a friend of my daughter said they would do what nothing else would do—ltad cured cases which all the doctors had given up. So she persuaded me to try a box. do thee no harm,' she said to me 'and it might do good.' She got a box for nte,and before I Wfla throueh`with it I already felt better" "How did the improvement show itself ?" "The swelling went down and I slept better. I kept taking Dr. Williams' pink pills and I got better all the time. It a.tenished everybody. After four boxes I was a different man. I've now had eight, and am thankful to say I am well enough to start work on Mon- day morning, for the first time during a long pried." Here the old man slapped the arms of his chair an i launched out into praises of Dr. Williams' pink pills. " There's nothing like them." he said. "they'll de what nothing elce will. I'd recommend those pills to Queen V,ctoria herself, and you can put that in the paper."

===== 0002601_18990922_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARRINGTOIN V..BLACKLEY,—The concluding match of the Warrington season took place at Arpley on Saturday, their opponents. Blackley, likewise bringing their season to a close. Score and bowling analysis : BLACKLEY. WARRINGTON. A B Hanson c Gibson b Thewlis b Turner Clarke Radford b Gibson lB G (Yorke not olt 33 T Boardman b Gibson...... 0 J Thimpson b Turner.-- 6 F Hibbert b Thewlis ....... 59 T Knowles b Turner 0 J Hood not out ...... .-... .. 31 7 W Bibbv b Ashton C Maddick run out J Brine lbw b Gibson W Ashton e& b Thewlis 1 b Turner 6 G Hampson st Phillips b Ashton 1 B Gibson not out 0 Extras

Total for 7 wkts)...l4-1 Total for 8 wkts) .. 76 BOWLING ANALYSIS.

BLA.CICLIFY.

VILBRINGTON.

0. M. R. W. 0 M. R. W. Thewlis J W Bibby... 14 Gibson l5 2 35 3 G Clarke 7 312 1 A Duckworth

BLACILLEY V. WARRINGTON (2ND TEAM.)—The second team wound up a very succosstul season with a clever win at filackley on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. II [AMA T. Pickton b Thorp 5 Maddlek not out ............ 44 Silcock c Butterworth b Hulme c Hawtin b Howard 39 Crompton Crompton b Thorp Pierpoint b Maddick Hawtin b Thorp Plinston b Maddlek 2 Thorp c Pickton b Plin- Richardson c Standring b stun 4 Maddick 0 Butterworth h Plinston .. 12 Dooley c Thorn b Maddick 0 Chadwick lbw b Cromp- Hoed b Maddick Parks not out Plinston 6 Howarth b Richardson Standring b Plinston 5 Parkinson c Inerpolut b Richardson Fxtras lO

Extras ...

Total 104 QUOITS.

Total

BLACK BEAR, LA.TCFIFORD, v. STAR INN, STATFIAM. Thi menti wag played on the Black Bete ground on 9a'urclay, the home tam winning by the narrow mar- gin of three points,. Result :

6TAR INN.

BLACK BEA.R. ---.. _ _ _ W Boardman l3 W Hill lO T Nixon F Danielle Kr Pinnington ll 13 Rowies.. G Taylor 6 T Percival Thomas Williams - 4 W Rough Jos Taylor l3 H Antrobus F Knight T Lee

Total IR

Tntaf 99

ouo tot otild,vl t tLf ;•,f T II Many ladies and gentlemen huve by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well le turned into money. Messrs. R. D. ez J B. Fraser, of Princess-strlet, Ipswich (established sine 1884), buy old false te.tli. If you send you teeth to them they will remit you by return of post the utmost value :or if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If referencs necessary, apply to Messrs. 81101 A;Ji., B inkir Ipswieb.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
11-1 E EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899. THE HOUSE OF LORDS. HARVEST FESTIVALS. BY AI7GUSTINE BIRRELL, Q.C., M.P. THE PROFFERED SERVICES OF WARRINUTON VOLUNTEERS.

A. progressive party is always in the early stage of its progress at a dialectical disadvantages with those who are content to say with Lord Mel- bourne: " Way cannot you let it alone?" Exist- ing Institutions by the mere fact of their ability to go on existing are hard to attack, particularly when (as is u-ually the case) their critics are not ab,o- lately at one as to what (if anything) is to be put in their place. But this notwithstanding, a cause is often a lost, cause long before its supporters have ceased chuckling over the dissensions in the enemies' camp. The House of Lords may live a long time, but it is a lost cause. It is not broad-based upon anything Nobody can say of it that it is a consultative, deli- berative authoritative Second Chamber. To go and look at it is enough. In Finance it has nothing to say. The great majority of its members take no part in its proceedings, and if they did, nothing would be added to the dignity of Parliament. The House of L )rds contains eminent men. risen from the ranks ; but they were not sent there for the purposes of legislation, but for reasons of a compli- mentary character, and knowing the unreality of the whole thing they are dumb. Other men who are not. eminent are sent there for reasons with which the whole country has grown contemp- tuously familiar. Second Chamber men, as some political critics are now called, cannot say that the House of Lords plays the part usually assigned by constitutional writers to a Second Chamber. What, then, is the function of the lionse of Lords at the present period of the development of the British Constitution? What is its place in the providential order of our political cosmos? Mr. Balfour, who ought to know, told us in the course of an interesting speech he made in the House of Commons on the 13th of February, 1899, what he takes this to be. It is " the power of rejecting a measure and of going on rejecting it," until the constituencies have been consulted at a General Election. Only this and nothing more! If the constituencies at a General Election give a majority in the House of Commons to the party which has included the obnoxious measure within its general scheme of legislative reforms, then the House of Lords must succumb to the odd man, give up its opposition. and at least allow the Bill a second rea4ing. How their lordships are to behave in the Committee Stage, Mr. Balfour, who scorns detail, does not tell as, and yet before now a Bill has been killed in Committee.

The Whole force of this argument turns upon the character of what I have called the ob- noxious measure. If it is of a revolulon- ary nature, and has been sprung upon a nation of football players and cricketers by an imperious minister, all will agree that the constituencies ought to have their say upon it, but can it be necessary to maintain the Louse of Lords on its present footing in order to secure so rudimentary a right to the Wectorate ? What is a Revolutionary Measure? At present it is a matter of the imagination. A publican and a parson would probably respectively be of the opinion that Local Veto and Disestablishment are revolutionary measures. Was the Irish Local Government Act a revolutionary measure? It has certainly effected a revolution. Yet the Constitu- encies were not consulted about it. Was Free lidu- caAon a revolutionary measure? Lord Salisbury did not stop (being in a great hurry) to ask the opinion of the Constituencies.: Was the Workmen's Compensation Act a revolutionary measure? It certainly introduced a novel princi- ple of the most far-reaching character into every workshop and building yard in:the country, which none the less knew nothing about it till it became law. Would payment of members be revo:ution- ary ? UnleF.:s by some pedantic construction,it was laid down that nothing is revolutionary that does not directly concern the constitutional relations of the Crown, the Lords and the Commons one to another, nobody is in a position to say at the date of its introduction who her a measure is revolu- tionary or not. Consequently it follows that the House of Lords, in Mr. Balfour' s opinion,is to be at liberty to reject, and to go on rejecting, every measure that is intro- duced to them, until in 80/10 mysterious way it is brought home to their minds that the constituencies disapprove of their conduct. This is preposterous enough but does it exercise this right? Certainly not. It is a permanent Conservative body, who, however much it may hate a great deal of Lord Salisbury s legislation hates Liberal legislation much more, and, therefore, in order to keep Lord Salisbury in and the Liberals outs it meekly drains the chalice which Lord Salisbury holds to its lips, but spurns it when proffered by the twenty or thirty peers who it on the other side of the House. When the Tories are in office the country has no Second Chamber. When the Liberals are in office we have a Second Chamber existing for the purpose of obstructing and mutilating Liberal Legislation in order to make it plain to the country that if any- thing is to be done at all only the Tories can do it. No severer criticisze of a Constitution can be uttered than to be able truthfully to say of it, that it conserves, and only conserves the political in- terests of one of the two historical parties of the State.

To appeal to the constituencies every time the House of Lords kills or renders futile a piece of Liberal legislation is impossible. Mr. Balfour thinks that a delay of twenty years or so is no great mat- ter. But then Mr. Balfour has never greatly de- sired any legislative reform. He was born into a world ready-furnished for him. What does he know I of the hope deferred that makes the heart sick? Says he," and whereas the House of Lords have I done and will do great service in rejecting Bills which never reappear, they have done not less ser- vice, believe me, in delaying fer five, ten, or fifteen years, a measure tor which the country was not ripe, for which the country had made no emphatic demand, and the delay in carrying out which has prevented those violent reections the absence of which is the most distieguishing mark of Engiish history." What does it matter to Mr. Balfour that four generations of young men were denied access to the Universities of their native land by t4e crass stupidity of the House of Lords? I suppsse the country was not ripe for this measure,or wss it that the demand made for it was not sufficiently emphatic? "Believe ma" says Mr. Balfour, for- getting that no politican who is in earnest will ever believe him. _

Between the Liberal Party and the House of Lords there must now always be active hostility. it is no longer possible to eoncieve a Liberal Ministry doing itself justice and fully discharging its duties as an instrument of government whilst the House of Lords remains in possession of its existing powers. Those powers must be curtailed if the Liberal Party is ever again usefully to com- pete for power with its opponents. Mr. Gladstone foresaw this and in ths very last speech he ever made in the House of Commons declared that a solution would have to be found "for this tremend- ous contrariety, and incessant conflict upon matters of high principle sisd profound importance between the representatives of the people and tho-e who till a nominated Crlamber." He might have added that it is not only on matters of high principle and pro- found importance that the Rouse of Lords enters into 'conflict with the representatives of the people. In small matters as well as in largo, in things administrative, as well as in things legislative, in County business as well as in National, does the House of Lords set, itself the task of undermining the authority of Liberal Governments, curbing their power and destroying their utility. THE VETO OF THE LORDS MUST BE REMOVED. It is no light task. It will require a bold leader and a favourable hour, but the chance! are that we shall not have to wait quite so long as Lord Salis- bury seems to imagine, in the meantime it is some- thing to know that the whole Liberal Party throughout the country is now convinced, the most cautious no leas than the most enthusisstic,that the present situation is intolerable and that unless ths Lords are deprived of their veto the Liberalism of , the future must remain an empty dream.

4E4\ ft 07, , !AUTIFUL TEETH who use daily on the tooth :oruali a few drops of , SOZODONT. ~ esantest dorlent!tricot,, .=e Thu A'' y Vege- 44". pis wd. table. Cleanses the teeth and spaces Caro Torpid Liver, .6iie. between them as nothing else ;1?..i10w Complexion, 0101 will. Sound and pearly white 1-Imdaehls promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant o - i eui e them so as toot, , breath ensured. C1r.w....45. is. 1.1,t1- ' itgli for SOZODONT. S. GI.

CARTER'S LITTLE TR PILL!

REFERENCE BY TEIE REV. JOHN Y NGE. Harvest thanksgiving services were conducted in Wycliffe Congregational Church, on Sunday, morn- ing and evening, by the Rev. John Yonge. A choice collection ot plants and flowers were displayed on the communion table and within the rails. At the morning service the preacher based his remarks on the text "Let us not be weary in well doing, for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not,' and spoke of the encouragement, to persevere in all spiritual labour derived from the certainty of even- tual harvest. There was a vary large congregation at the evening service. The choir very efficiently sang two anthems " Thou visitest the Earth 't (Barbly) and" Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem" (E. V. Hall). Mr. Arthur Griffiths sang the solo part in the last-named anthem. Collections were taken on behalf of the Church funds and realised £l5. The Rev. John Yonge based his discourse on the text "And the Seventh Angel sonuded, and there were great voices in heaven, saying, the kingdom of this world are become the kingdom of our Lord and His Chrisc, and He shall reign for ever and ever" Reve- lation xi, 15v. In the course of his remarks he said the Christian had no right to become a pessi- mist and just in proportion as he felt the tendency coming upon him was he bound to face and fight it until the better faith should conquer. He pointecl out the circumstances under which John saw the vision in the isle of Patmos, and stated that since then close upon 1900 years had rolled away. They were approaching now the dawn ot the 20th cen- tury, so that they were by that much the " NEARER, THE DIVINE EVENT" of which John testified. They had at least the knowledge of the general fact that to-day the knowledge of the true God was spreading over the face of the earth. Some of the many forms of idol worship had already been utterly abolished. Ancient heathenisms were slowly giving way to the undermining processes of Christian civilisation and education—specially in India and also in a swiftly accelerating degree, even in China. Never was the gospel of Christ so widely proclaimed as now. But while all this was most glori- ously true, still probably as they looked at the text and , then looked out upon.life and the world, they were al- most tempted to ask in despondent tone, and " when shall these things be?" They found themselves faced by many difficulties ; many signs of evil, which some- times seemed to preponderate over the signs of good. Not alone did the fact yet exist that the majority of the race was still unsubdued by the gospel but even in lands and nations professedly bearing tee name of Christian— the truths of Christ, the principles of Christ, the spirit of Christ hut not gained anything like supremacy.

THE DIVISIONS IN TEIE CHURCH. ' The Church that acknowledged him, as Lord and King was tenthly torn by divisions and separations ; it was -yet held in the thrall cf manifold supersti- tion ;it was still the arena of c3nfliet and con- troversy; in some of its most prominent sections it was more concerned about material and external trifles than about spiritual aims and responsibilities. It was more bent upon being c3mfortable and outwardly prosperous, than upon being self-sacrificing and devoted to the wel- fare of men. The church was eating for herself far more than for her L3rd, or than for the souls for whom He died.

SOCIAL PROBLEMS. Then again human society, even in Christian countries was still marked and disfigured by inequalities,injustices and oppressions. The spectacle was still presented of bloated wealth at one end of the community and squalid poverty at the other. Men were daily: mounting to riches, extracted often from the lives of ill-paid, ill-clad. and ill-housed workers ; the poor were living wretched lives and even if they had the gospel preached to them, learnt only too bitterly that their inheritance was all future and none presPnt. Vice enslaved mult;tild( s. The public press of Christian countries detailed the prurient scandals of so-called " society." The public streets of Christian cities witnessed unblushing immorality and besotted or blatant drunkenness. This Christian age was called to revel in the revival of brutal Ind degrading sports, while the vast majority of their populations misused the Sabbath,deserted the sanctuary derided the Holy Book, and defamed the Sacred Name. These conditions gave seeming centradiction to the splendid hopes and prophecies of the gospel. SABO of the social problems were turning even religious men sceptical and cynical. Fie confessed that he did not know of any method whereby to study these matters safely apart from the faith which clung to the eternal righteousness of the Almighty. Every no cv and then did they not get tokens, signs clear, if fleeting, that the cause of Gad and Christ was making progress. They need have no hesitancy in taking as samples two recent event,' which had struck the attention of the w)rld. First of all, there was

THE RECENT PEACE CONFERENCE.

A century, even half a century ago, such an event as that would have beers absolutely utopian. Maly p-ris'e deemed it to b 2 so now and withhell their synspatny from it as hopeless, and doomed from the first. The re- sult had proved that it was neither one nor the other. The fact remained that the close of the 19tn century had actually witnessed a "Parliament of war." All nations and peoples and tongues, practically by their chosen representatives hal canferre3 in the interests of universal peace. They had not secured the abolition of wars or even the diminution of. armaments, but they had advanced the interests of peace immeasurably. They had brought International arbitration into the realm of practical politics, and the mere fact of their having conferred together was verily a " tremendous stride " in the right direction. It had gone a long way to help to the formation of a public opinion in the countries favourable to peace and adverse to war. To what were they to assign the occurrence of that significant and far reaching event ? Were they to assign it cynically t s the wish of the Czar to further some secret Imperial design or were they to believe that he in suggesting it, and the Government of the world in falling in with it had been unconsciously perhaps, but really moving under the influences and guidance of the King of Kings, who was the " Prince of Peace ?" Christian faith, at any rate, might be forgiven its audacity if it dared to believe that in and behind it all, He had been wotking, who yet shouli have the Kingdom for his own. TIIE DIFFICULTY IN TRH TRANSVAAL.

It cam;;;;;;r10-ui-;n-ci. questionable sequel to the Peace Conference that our nation—s) conspicuous and influential a partaker in its doings—should seem t ) be immediately afterwards in danger of drifting into strife. The Transvaal question was one that was beset by many difficulties, and upon it good and till men of light and leading seemed to be at perplexing variance. S-eing, however, that the contrwersy existed bet oreen a small republic, largely composed of peasant farmer., and the most powerful empire that was concernei in Af ic4, it did seem a. if peaceable settlement should be c,rtain. One was disposed to think it would be certain but for the military passion that was being so seduloucly engen- dered. If war ensued it would be largely because an irresponshle press at home and in South AFrica, and mercenary motives, military aggressiveness and thirst for Imperial extension, had misled and do ninated the country. If war ensued it would be a needless war, and therefore an unjust war, and, clnsequently, a war that could only involve eventual disaster on the nation that unri2htelusly enga,ged in it. Is seemed to him that their Christian duty WSS to protest against this war and against the spirit of militarism that w is so much a': the back of it.

THR C&LL TO VOLUNTEY.RS. That it should have seemed nec-s.ary to the Warring- ton Volunteer officers to call for personal off.srs of ser- vice in this war from their fellow-townsmen vras a matter much to be deprecat-d. The deed had al air of unreality, of absurdity, of puerility, of mock heroics ahout it. But it gave only one more unhappy evidence that an unhealthy snirit of amhitious Ache was assert- ing itself, which boded no good to our mithn. No one would impugn the courage even of volunteers if any real occasion called for its display, but on 5,4C11 an °lca- sion as this one d'id feel disposed to qu-stion alike the good sense and worthy spirit, both of officers and men. Earnestly, however, must they hope and pray that, even rms.:o this "war might be avertel. It would he a dis- honour to Eogland to rush from a Peace Conference to destrly a free republic, a gimp Statl standing tin for i's independence, but which with firmness and patience oo our side could he led to se!tle this clispt)te in peace, Might God save our country from this unchriAtian strife.

evil as it still might be, than wh.n John took his view of the future and saw the victory of his Lord ! Jesus was winning, it might be slowly, but most surely it was certainly. The tread of events was all towards the triumph of Divine purpose. The Divine husbandman had been busy through the ages {sowing., nurturing, and developing" the seed of the Kingdom," and he never "laboured in vain, nor spent His strenght for nought. ' God's great harvest was infallibly coming on. Every harvest field proclaime I it. Every Harvest Festival should ring with t:,.e assurance. Did they not themselves desire and expect to be witnesses of it ? Then,let them believe in it ! let them pray for it ! let theca work for it ! let them hold back no effort and grudge no gift or sacrifice in a cause so splendidjor an issue and result so transcendent.

eARTER • ITTLE IVER 111 VIL

I WE .S. Sn pm. BEA SD'*. Dose. for all syl. Smll Price. , Forty. in a ":44`

===== 0002601_18990922_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEEYFITS CASE

Now, suffer hirn;.--bi;F;v-o-r.l atynat the oshrr (went which seemed to show that the heart of the nations (all save one), was rOßpOngiV' t/ Tref/. Justice aryl Right. When Can'ain Dreyfus was c,ndenmed a week ago a second time for an offence of which he was never guilty, of which now at least he had been proved innocent, the whole world rang with indignation and anger. France had st,o4 at the bar of the world, and ad been condemned by a unanimous verdict. !lad not that been a spl-ndid tribute to the love of Jusice, the love of rightemsness, and the love of Truth ? and had there nct also ben ma equally splendid tribute to the sympathy of the human heart with the victim of in- justice, falsehood, and unrighteousnesa. What a fine evidence of the salidarity of the human raci. The touch of sympathy had shown the whole, world to be "Kin." It must be at least a powerful comfort to the martyr of French militarism that he hal drawn to himself and his suffering family, the pity of the world. When Dr True was set free, as he surely w.uld be, he would owe his delivera.nce to the overwhelm ing might of those principles ot rightecusness and truth which were the in.pirators of the Spirit of God. Therefore he plint el that night to what must be the issue of that trial which had absorbed and int-restcd the world as an evidence that after all, the principal. of Christ were more powerful tl-day than the machinationl of evil, and that already Christ and ttuth and righteousness were winning. Yes!

===== 0002601_18990922_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD WAS BETTER TO-DAY

Sr. MARY'S, GREIT SANKEY.

The annual narvest thanksgiving services in connec- tion with the above church were held on Sunday last The church, as in former years, had been lavishly deco- rated, and the distribution of the flowers,cern,and fruit, was indicative of extreme good taste, the whole effect beieg very beautiful. The morning service was very well attended, every available seat being occupied. The clergy present were Rev. E. S. Jackson, vicar; Rev J.R. Jones, curate ; and the Rev. H. Gorse. The service opened with the usual hymn "Come ye thankful people come," and suitable hymns were used throughout the service. The ftev. Canon G. H. Spooner, M.A., Rural Dean of Claildwall, preached the sermon, taking for his theme the text "First the blade, then the ear, then the full corn ie the ear." An anthem, "The Lord is loving unto His peop'e," was rendered by the choir, the solo be- ing taken by Miss M. Ray. Holy Cominunion was held after the service. In the afternoon, a children's flower service was held at 3 o'clock, the children bringing their offerings of flowers, which were afterwards conveyed to to the Warrington Infirmary. This service was also very well attended, the children of course being in the majority. The Rev. H. Gorse, 8.A., preached a very plain and simp!e sermon to the children and drew some very pretty lessons from the objects of the service. The evening service, however, was the one in which chief interest was centred, reputation of the decorations drawing many strangers. The church was packed, in fact many more would have gone in, but owing to every available ineh of space being occupied they were obliged to stay outside. The preacher at this service was the Rev. Joseph Holden, vicar of Antrobus, who preached a very able sermon from the text " He shall save both man and beast." The choir rendered the anthem" Theyeshall go up with joy" with good effect. The Revs. J. R. Jones and H. Gorse were also present. the Vicar being unab!e to be present at the evening service, owing to the rough weather. After service the congregation walked round the church to view the decorations, and these evoked many expres- sions of admiration. Collections were taken ac each service, the total amount being just under £27, which considering the huge, congregations is rather disappoint- ing, and much less than last year's takings.

WARRINGTON CJNaNCTITION scaooL.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

At People's College School on Monday evening, the Continuation Classes in connection with the War- rington Technical Institute were re-commenced. The annual distribution of prizes took place. In the absence of Councillor Monks, Chairman of the Institute Sub- COMMittee, Mr. Charles Madeley (secretary), presided. There was a fairly large attendance of students.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL REPORT.

The SECRETARY read his annual report, which was as follows :—" The number of pupils on the register of the Continuation School last session was 239. In this res- pect we have to report a decrease as compared with the previous year of about 69. Tnie decrease is probably attributable to the success of the evening schools which have been opened in other parts of the town, and which are now fairly established ; and as it was accompanied by a very considerable increase in the higher commer- cial classes, we do not consider that we have nauch to complain of. The number of class entries was as follows :—English composition and writing, 243 ; ari- thmetic, 233 ; shorthand, 115 ; drawing, 83 ; chemistry 45 ; needlework, 37 ; cookery, 36. These figures corn, pare favourably with those of last year, as they indicate that pupils have on the average entered for a greater number of subjects tlaan before, which is in itself a good thing. And, as the increase in subject entries was ac- companii el by a steadier average attendance, which means more regular work, it follows as a matter of course that we have proportionately a larger number of attendance prizes to distribute. The utvnber this year is 97. The examinations show a similar result. Thsro were not so many candidates, but we had very few failures, only 13 out of 88 who sat,and we obtained more passes in proportion to our numbers, and those of a higher aver- age grade, than last year. On the passes thus gained the following scholarships, under the usual conditions, have been awarded :—John Critchley and Arthur Pennine-.ton, scholarships value 7s 6i ; G G Dawson, Frederick Fou kes, James Knott.and Frederick Mellor, scholarships value 53. In addition, free admission to the School of Art for the present session has been awarded to the following four pupils who did the best papers at the examination in drawing at the end of the session : Rtanley Houghton, Herbert Molyneaux,Willism Knowles Sydney Massey. Six lantera lectures were delivered by Mr Hall, as usual, at intervals during the session, and the committee is also indebted to Mr. Greening and Mr. E. E. Lowe, for delimit:lg interesting lectures upon subjects of Natural History, which formed an agreeable change from our usual course. In conclusion. the corn • mittee desires to acknowledge cordially the efforts made by Mr. Hall and other teachers to promote the suceess of the school. The repot': was adopted.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZES.

Mr. MADELEY then di-st—r.ibu-t-e-u--t-he prizes to the follow- ing: Ewart Ainsworth, John Ainsworth, Samuel Apple- ton, Sarah Appleton, Ernest A Ashcroft, John Atherton, Herbert Baines, Walter J Barlow, Herbert Barnes,Louisa Booth, Emily Bowles, Emily Brown, Gecrge Brown,lsarac Bruadrett, Walter Cobb,Arthur Critchley, John J Critch- ley. Joseph H Cross, R )b?rt Curphey, Kate Divennort, William Daversport, Elizabeth E Davies, George G Daw- son, Albert Day,Frederick Dean,John Delaney. Benjamin Dimelow, Gerald Elwardson, William H Egaington, Thomas Faulkner, VVilliam Fell. Mamas Fernley. Margaret Ford, Frederick Foulkes, Frank Gardner, John Genders, Joseph Gleeson, John Groom, Alicc Haley, James Hampton, Gearge Hatton,Agnes J Hill, Joseph R Horne, Stanley Houghton, William H lace, Bertram Ireland ,Peter Ireland,Peter Jenks,Charles Jones, William Kay, Eva Kirk, James Kaott, William 1 Knowles, Thomas Lawrensan, Eleanor Lawton, John F Lockett, E:hel Lowe, Arthur Lunt, John Marshall, Nellie Marshall. Sydney Massey, Arthur Maybury, Fred Mellor, John Myles, Isaac Newton, Thomas Newton, Arthur O'Brien, Herbert O'Brien,Georgi Painter, Harald Parker, Albert Payne, John Pemberton, Arthur Pennington, Samuel Reeves, Frank Scragg, Loretta Scr reg. Martha A Scragg, William Scragg, Henry Seed ,Charles F Simpson, Joseph Smith, Samuel U Smith, Joseph Stanley, William P Taylor, Ernest Tuson, Alice E Walsh, E L Warburton, John Warren, Ge3rge Waywell, Harry Waywell, Edwin Weir, Mary Whitfield, Thomas Wilkinson, Peter El Win- stanley. Charles Woods, Philip Andrew Woollacott, Etkel Yeomans. Mr. MONKS arrived before the pr3ceedings terminatel, and spoke of the immrdiate intention of the Corporation to budiLk Technical School, in which they hoped to be able to provide accommodaion for the Continuation School along with the other departments. Meanwhile with a better attendance, and a more earnest work on the part of the pupils, the greater pressure would be felt by the committee to proceed with the work. (Ap- plause )

REVISING Tag LISTS AT DARESDURY. The revision of the vocals lists for the parishes of Acton Grange, Dares'oury, Hatton, Kekewick Moore, Newton-by-Daresburv, Preston Brook, Wal- ton Superior, and Walton Inferior took place on Monday morning by Mr. Clement Elphinstone Lloyd, revising barrister, in the -iession Room. The vote of Mr. Thomas Houghton, jun., of Daresbury, was objected to by Mr. Smith, the Liberal agent, on the ground that his qualification was entered " workshop "instead of "A welling-house." At first the Revising Barrister disallowed the vote, but after finding that the proper entry had been an oversight on the part of the Assistant Overseer, Mr. Hough- ton's vote was allowed him. The usual vote of thanks to Mr. Lloyd terminated the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FORMATION OF A. CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION._

In tne C'i-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Tues- ;ay evening, a meeting of men and youths of the parishes of L'A. Alban's and Sr.. Mary's Catholic Churches was held with the object of forming a Catholic Club or Association. The Rev. Father ‘Vhittle (rector of St. Alban's) presided, and was supported by the Rev. Father Wilson (rector of St. Mary's.) There was a large attendance. It having been decided to form a club, it was agreed that it shoold be calle i the Catholic Association, and the subscriptioa was fired at ss. per annum. The fol- lowing Provincial Committee was appointed to draw up rules and make the necessary preliminary arrangements :—The Rev. Fathers Whittle and Wilson, and Messrs. Knowles, 'Role, and Mannion (StiAlban's), Dr. Fox. and Messrs. Kilduff and G. Vernon (St. Mary's), with Mr. W. Dillworth secre- tary. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Father Whittle for presiding.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two stamps for our new and original Illustrated Booklet, ccntaining plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, etc.. may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not a quack medicine. Established 33 years, LESLIE MARTI'S, Ltd„ Chemists, 31, Dalstoa-lane Loreo

===== 0002601_18990922_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EARTH'S MAGNETISM. LECTU RE AT THE WA.R-R IS GTON MUSEN M.

Mr. J. R. Ashworth, M.S., F.P.S., delivered a deeply interesting lecture in conneetion with the Warrington Technical Institute on Monday evening. It was given in the lecture room of the Museum, and there was a ' good attendance. The lesture was illustraten by lantern views, diagrams, and experiments. Mr. Lowe, of th Museum, manipulated the lantern. At the outset Mr. Asavrorern dealt with the elemee- tary facts about the magnet, and said he supposed they were all acquainte 1 with the fact that the needle wauld point in one definite direction. In this peert of the world it was very nearly north and south. He wished them to notice that the needle was very powerfully affected by any neighbouring magnet. He illustrated with a bar magnet the susceptibility of the needle to move iato whatever position the bar was placed, always standing approximately in a line with it. Tills experi- ment suggested to Dr. Gilbert, of Colehester, the idea that the whole of the earth might be one huge magnet, and that idea had been confirmed to a great extent in the course of tine. The lecturer showed a rough model of the earth, iaside of which was a magnetized bar of iron running from one extremity of the model to the other. By an experiment the lecturer demonstrated how the meguetised bar effected the magnetic needle, and compelled it to paint in the direction of the bar. The needle in Eagdand poin- ted to the west of true north. Ia America it pointed true north. In the Pacific Oeeau it began to deviate in the opposite direction. That continued right across. Asia and Chins till they came to a corresponding posi- tion to North America on the other side of the world. That illustrated the distribution of magnetism over the surface of the earth. A very interestiee question arose. In the first place it was quite certain that the eerth had not got a large magnet running through it. His experi- ment was only a rough way of illustrating what went on. Where then did this magnetism of the earth reside ? Did it reside in the atmosphere, the crust, or the interior of the earth ? That was rather difficult to answer. It was almost certain it did not reside in the atmosphere. The opinion prevailed that it resided in the. crust of the earth, and did not penetrate very deeply, but only perhaps to the extent of a few milis They were not, of course, quite certain about that The reason it would not penetrate very deeply,however, was because whenever any substance got into a white heat it lost all magnetism and remained So until it be- came cold. As they knew that the interior of the earth was practically at a white hest they could hardly sup- pose that it had any magnetism about it. By an experi- ment, the lecturer showed how heat disturbed maenetic qualitiee. He then directed attention to the changes which had gone on in the state of the earth's magne- tism in the course of time. They might ask whether the magnetic needle always stood like it was in England at the present time ? It now stosci about 16 degrees west of north. It had not always done GO. It had changed in a very peculiar and systematic manner. In 1580,the earliest observation ever made of the position of the magnetic needle, it stood on the easterly side of North. In 16b7 it stood absolutely true north and south. le the course of 77 years it had changed fro n an easterly position to true north and south. In another 70 years it stood westerly about as much as it had previously been easterly. In 1800 it had reached a considerable de- viation to the west, 24 degrees, the largest westerly de- viation ever noticed. Since 1800 to the present time the deviation had been slightly decreasing. They would see that there was something systematic about the devia- tion. He illustrated be means of a diagram the systematic movement of the needle, and pointed out that in the future they would again have the needle pointing true north and south. That It was computed would occur somewhere about the year 2000., After that the deviation would be easterly. Lord Kelvin had shown from that tendency of the needle that the magnet- ism of the earth was slowly rotating round the Pole, that was, the magnetic pole of the earth was slowly performing a revolution round the North Pole. It was calculated that it would take something like 900 years ta revolve once round the Pole. It seemed very probable that something of the sort was going on in the earth's magnetism and producing those peculiar variations of the needle from year to year. The position of the mag- netic needle he pointed out was the position of the greatest cold. The greatest cold lay somewhere about extremities of the earth's magnet and not of the axis of the earth. There was therefore a curious connec- tion between the magnetism of the earth and the temperature of the earth. The deviation of the needle was to the east of its normal position in the cold weather and in the summer weather to the west. 'There they had a remarkable cennectioa between the pesitien of the magnetic needle and the temperature of the atmosphere. A reason for that had been conkctured by Professor Balfour Stuart, but had not been verified. During the day the needle moved in a very systematic way. It moved considerably towards the east in the coldest part of the night, and as the atmosphere became warmer it went towards the west and reached an extreme point at the hottest part of the day—about two o'clock in the afternoon. As the day begin to cool it went back to its normal position. When the needle at Kew was most to wards the east, at Hobart Town in Van Diernan's Land it was most towards the west, and vice 'versa. The motions were just reversed on each siie of the world, and that corresponded very much with the curious reversal of temperature on the tw sides of the world. They would expect that just. near the equator there would be very little motion. Observatioes ehewed that that was the case. In a place called Trevandrurn,whieh lay near to the equator. observations; had been takem and it was found that there was only the very slightest irregularity. That made them look for come cause which was common to them both. That cause undoub- tedly was the action of the sun. Observations of the sun's surface showed that the sun broke out into a mass of spots more frequently soma times teen at others, and it was found that once every 10 years it was very freely spotted. In the period between it was almost clear. In 1893 there was a great number of spots, the very largest spot ever seen being ebserved that year. Five years from now they might expect to have a recurrence of the outbreak. Observations had been made for 100 years and the period of ten years was very definitely fixed. The aurora borealis was probably due to electrical turbences of the atmosphere, and sometimes they took the form of streamsrs,which seemed to all tend to a cer- tain point. If they prolonged those streamers in imagin- aticn they would find that they united just over *toe top of file north magnetic pole. They therefore had a con- nection established between the aurora borealis and the magnetic pole of the earth. Beyond the reviler deviation of the maenetic needle there were at times certain irregular changes, sudden movements, eastwar or westward, and it had been made out that in certain years those irregular disturbances were more frequent than at other times, and that just; whea the sun spots were most frequent the magnetic needle was moss die- turbed. There was some very intimate connection be- tween the earth's magnetism and the action of the slur. They found that the auroras were more frequent when the sun spots blazed out most and the magnetic needle was most violently disturbed, and that established the eonnection between the three things. That ten years' period was very interesting. At that time it WiFt no- ticed that the rivers were fuller than at other timer and that there was a heavier rainfall. That had be traced very clearly. Supposing the sun was very active they would expect it to produce a good deal of fruit. Some- thing of the kind had actually been traced its Germany, where records had been kept of the grnpo crops for a long number of years, and it was found that once evert, ten years there was an exeeptionally good crop. In the way they would expect good harvests every ten years. They were unable to trace that very definitely, but there was little doubt that there were periodic times when the harvests were better. Good harvests put people in good spirits and hopeful so that they became speculative. That led to what was called good trade, and they there- fore had alternations of good and bad trade every ten years. He did not wish to push that speculation too far, but he would throw out the suggestion that there was some human interest in this subject, which at firet sipeat leaked rather dry and scient:fic. The sun wao the life and movement and spirit of everything tha went on upon the earth's surface. They were dependent upon it in every detail—for energy, heat and light. How it was communicated to them was somewhat of a mystery, but the probability was that its communication was similar to the communicetion in wireless telegraphy• They would see that enorrno is information had teen acquired about the earth's maenetism, and it was load- ing to some very interesting and extra ordinary ia.sults. (Applause.)

LIVERPOOL'S Pamsz.—,is the cars of a Liverpoo I man's cure published in the present issue of this paper exemolifies, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ar3 prais, d in Liverpool for the cure of paralysis, locomot, ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; also al diseas.o ariAng fr.= impoverished blood, scrJfirla, rickets, chronic ervsipelas, consurnpeion of the bocce!s and lungs, am ilia, pa!, and Fallow complexion, loss of appetite, palpitatioos, pains in the back, early decay, fm 41e weakness, and hysi-eria. Genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink for Pale People, and sold by chemists and hr Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, flolborn-viido-,r, London, E.C., at 2s. 9 I. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9L These pills are not purgative, nor can they harm the most delicate.

SPIRITUALIST SERvICF: OF SONG. On Sunday evening, at the Spiritualiq Bewsey-street, the members of the Lyceum rendered a servile of son:. entitled " For ever true." Ihe various musical items were well given under the direction of Mr. J. Foster, who presi6ed at the organ. The story was effctively rtad by Mr. Pemberton. On Monday evening. Mr. P. BeA ick, of Manchester, occupied the platform, and after a few introductory remarks gave a number of clair- voyant and psychometric delinefitions. BRASS AND IRON BROS CRAM, Be:tali-iv, Wring- ing Machines. Limps. and Coal Vases. Sh€4llel,l Cutlery and Plate.—J. S. UARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ifik ,k. _

OUR

~. i4z SIGNATURE 3.55 :4-i• CERTIFIES ' -...:4 * our honourable dealing with every one iirt and all of the two-million people, who 4 * drink cur tea every day. Yes, our —7ll well-known signature. appearing * 1 plaitily and without any ornament or * other ;mark, on every :one of all the marl millions and millions of the celebrated _ * lemon-tinted pockets annually put up -14 Psi and sold 14y us, is an absolute guarantee * that the tea in every one of such * packets is * GOOD QUALITY, 4.114 FULL WEIGHT, * GOOD VALUE. * lit * ______ AttC infirlt 'aill't 1-,„' AK Brooke, Bond, ,st Mt & CO., LIMITED, TEA MERCHANTS BY Ilk

APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE; TUE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES: .74M 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 Sc 14, LONG

104 2.E XJr iSE 201 *--31C

MILLGATE, MANCREST ER,

AND AD LEEDS. BRADFORD AND LONDON.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

At this church on Sunday Mr. T. E. Gibson was the special svaker at the weekly meeting of the Mea's Bible Class. Mr. Gibson, basing his address upon the words "For our citiznship is in Heaves," spoke of the duties, national and municipal, devolving upon Caristia-a men, and of the responsibility resting upon them that in the discharge of these duties they were governed aril con- trolled by Christian principles. Mr. E. H. Pearce, Nvis the soloist. He gave a true interpreta- tion of "Those who it in darkness," and he was equally successful in "Arm, arm, ye brave." So pleased were the members with both speaker and singer, that at their reqaeit Mr. Gibson promised to continue his remarks next Sunday afternoon, upon "The entrance into the Kingdern," and Mr. Pearce also kindly consented to give two more solos.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.I. SOCIETY.

There was an average attendance at the meeting of this socir2ty on Slndav afternoon in Wycliffe Church. Mr. David Owen presided, and delivered a short address in which he drew some useful lessons from the life of Brown,of Manchester, delivered an addresS on the work of the Royal National Mission for Deer Sea Fishermen. He spoke of the great service the mission had been to the 20,000 men who lived on the wild North sea catching and sending fish to the English markets. Tho hard lot of these men was faithfully depicted, and the sly aker stated that it was not until the mission was started that the Brltish people began to take an interest in them. The society had now eleven boats on the North Sea and three off the coast of Labrador. Four of these wete fitted.up as floating hospitals, each containing a medical man who was kept constantly busy attending to the fi3herman. The mission was entirely unsectarian, and the services held were well attended. F-r the win- ter months, parcels of warn clothhaz were forwarded to the men. He appealed tor the sympathy and help of his hearers on behalf of thes:, fishermen.—Mr. W. H. Payton contributed a solo on the organ.—The service was also takrai part in by the Rev. John Yonge. Eleven new members were enrolled, making a total of nearly 600.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET.

On Sunday night Messrs. Dale and Winter of Man- chester preached here, basing their remarks on !Exodus 12 and Luke 4. 16-20, using the story of the Israelites bondage in Egypt to illustrate man-'s condition in the present age, in bondage to sin and Satan. The cruel tre.:.ment of the Egyptians caused them to cry to God for deliverance though there seemed to be no hope of escape, but God heard them and delivered them in hie own appointed way as told iu Exodus 12 by the blood of tke slain Lamb. This is one of God's pictures, thrown on the canvas of the Old Testament, and explained in the New Testament. Men to-day are in a far worse bondage than ever held the Israelites, but not till they resin their undone, lost, and ruined condition do they cry to God for mercy and deliverance,bur God in infinite love and compassion, gave His Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, who came into the world to save ui sinners. We deserved death and separation from God but Christ, the Lamb of God, undertook to be our substitute and to die in our place. Hs bore the punishment due to us and now a just God is able to offer pardon, forgiveness, deliverance, eternal life to ,all who will claim it, but to rej, ct this the only means of escape means remaining in bondage now and through all eternity. ST. ALBAN'S R. C. CHURCH. ANGLICAN ANXIETY VERSUS CATHOLIC

===== 0002601_18990922_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
CERTAINTY.

The annual sermons were preached at St. Albans R.C; Church on Sunday by the Rev. Dr. Larkin, 0.8.13., there being large congregations. In the morning the preacher teok tor the subject of his discourse " The work and wants of a Catholic mission," and geve a most iatereatine sermon. The choir sang Hsydns 16th M.aa, the 80:06 being effectively sung by Mrs. Cald- well, centralto, Miss Bieber soprano, Mr. Joseph Bates tenor. Mr. Fred Warhurton, has,. Mrs. Caldwell rendered Gouneci's " Ave Maria," as an offertnry piece, very creditably. Mr. J. B. Caldiveli presided at the organ with hie customary ability at the ()amine service. Dr. Larkin preached on " Anglican anxiety versus Catholic et rtainty." He alluded to the readiness, the promptne:s, and the clearness of the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church, which had the true ring about it, the true ring of Jesus of old, as com- pared with the halting style of the Anglican Church, the " I don't know sort of way, "It is not quite clear," or the utter silence which represented the position of the Pharisees of o'd. Where was the Protestant Church, the Anglican Church in the world ? I-, was where England was, where England remained, where the sailors of England went, where her cannons roared, where the armies uf England marched—there they would find the Anglican establish- ment doing good work, but it wag always snugly ensconsed behind the bulwarks of Great Britain. God's world did not consist of Englishmen alone: Where was it outside England ? Other nations knew it not except as an outsider. That was a very urcomforta'le sition for any man to be in who wanted to be in the Church of .1'511E; Clrit“. The Church of Christ must show tha it was every where. The " Church of Eiigland. The very name betrayed it. I: made no claim to be eecrywhere ; it catered oulylsellgieualy fey the English na ion; therefore the Church of Eneland was not a catholic church. It was net a chureh that embraced all nations, all people, and was frond everywhere, and it it was not a catholie church it wa3 not the church of Jesus Christ. It was impertant ti ascertain whether the Anglican Church lard a true and valid priesthood in the sense the Lord instituted. He could not go into all the points, but the var,t and overwhelming majority of the Anglican Church, bisheps, clergy, and people, rejected the whele idea ; they threw it out. Far from wanting it they re- jected it as a Roman supnhtition. They said" We did away with that. 300 years ago." There were divisions deep and wide that never seemed to end, and when they examinee the case according to the law of theology it was incedible they could have a priesthood, because priesthood and sacrifice went together. The priest was orie who (Tiered saci.itlce, and if there was no sacrifice there could be no priest. There might he clergymen,. minieters. any name they liked, but not priests. 'the word priest meanta sacrificer ; and how many of the clergy of the Established Cnurch believed in sacrifice ?‘ He knew that people questioned the teaching of the Roman Catholic. Church ant, dieliked it, but he iiid not mind that. Dial th Rowan Catholic Church teach or did, it not ? Had it a "yes" or a "no" for inquiring humama ity ? When there was a rift in he hearts of men and the banner of Christianity had to be stayed up did he Pope speak ? Yes, it irreh t'en that the Cat halic Church said what it held sod wbst it did not. The world answerel "Yes." No one c mid question the fact that the Catholic Church hail a clear and immediate answer as Christ the Lord her Master had of old. Thsv would never g t certainty out of the lips of the Anglican Church It stammered, halted and stuttered, and it could not trace tiocause it was not the Church of Jesus Chris-. He bored, he said in cenclusion, that he had are-ikon no wore that would leave a wound or aasting. He did not believe in contraversy, or that a man or woman was converted by a sneer or argument. Cocver- sion came from the grace of Jesus Christ, from the prevere of the good, ft e m the praYers of the little on. Therefere they prayed, their Hely Father made them nrav, fur their aeparited brethrerebrettiren still in J(sus Christ. During the evening Mrs. Pro okes sang ..Fae.et. Portem" from ''Stehat Mater,"and Mr. J. Bate and Mrs. Caldwell ieniered Moorat's "0 Saluterie" as a duett. The choir satig "Litigarolli Candate" ith good efLere

The Light Wines of Germany, so apprechted in th Summer Season. are in favour with the Medical Profession. Zeller," from the Moselle district, is a wiko light and palatable, and guaranteed abso!utely pure. At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally considered to be of wonderful value. It can be obtainoil of all W. Zit A. Gun Er's 3,000 Agents throagbout the entry.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
U

===== 0002601_18990922_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
1

I 10 ,

r'''., I i i 1 1 I.' t 4 ._.i

il 11' t i 1 f:- ,4 • , 1 i t-f. * It ) “ „.4 i;:r4,--• ' t ' 1:. I

===== 0002601_18990922_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Itb: 44 (ffratniner " .tritts

01 LINCASKIE LID CIIPASHIRE COUNTT NRWSPVPERS:

Cemaprf set

'PRE :flarrington anti 2fid-Ciethire Examiner, put- Ushrd every Saturday morning.

Tlll4 Ear!est own and Arewfou Exaraner, published every Friday afternoon.

*THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday aftarnoon.

THE Runcorn ExaMOW', published every Friday 1. morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning'

===== 0002601_18990922_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PIMPAID ADVERTISEMBrini.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE TaRT. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONET WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PRITATE CONTRACT

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HIUSES AND °TUBB PREMISES TO BE LET Olt BOLE. One Three Six

orda. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 OsU ... is I.Bd 3. Od 36 is 3d ... 3e id Od is 66 ... 3s 8d ... 61 Od

===== 0002601_18990922_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
VOlrtSift htrbantsc,

WANTED, goad GENERAL; wages £l2,—By letter,Mrs. Jorrics, Blacklow-brow, Huyton.

WANTBD GBNBRAL, able to cook .-174, WITHINGTON- ROAD. Whalley Range. Manehest.r.

ANT ND sl once, ia good GLIN iiitAL from the country. VV —66, ST. 111.1.RT'8,TREET, Warrington.

WANTED young GRNERAL, able to wash; two in femily. ID —35, SICEATON-RO, Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTHD, goo 1 plain COOK. Churchwoman.—Apply Eisri, JONES, Llanfair Vicarage, llutlain.

NVANTBD. at once a good GENBRAL Servant.—Apply Mrs. GRAY, 12, Bt. Alban's-road, Bootle, Liverpool.

. . WANTED, strong GIRL, as GENERAL, 35. 61. per we,,k to eommenee.-2s. APRIL-GROVE, Lower Breek-road. Liverpool. -----.. _ _

7..:--;-:---------- WANTED, good GENERAL BREVANT with good refer- enee.—Apply Mrs. bToxics, 14, Falai-Ad-street, Manchester. __ _

WANTBD, a good GENERAL Servant, age about 20, ter family of three.-34. MARSIISIDE-BoAD. Churehtown. Southport.

WANTBD GIMBRA.L, about 16 to 18, trustworthy; two in family ; no children.—Mrs. RICHARDSON, Worsley- road. Patricroft. __.---------

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT, no washing.— Apply INlAssox VILLA, 319. Dickenson-road, Long- sight, Manchester.

WANTBD a strom GIRL as General Servant, must be fond of ellildrea.-44, TBAFALGAR-STREET. Russell- street. Liverpool.

7kilk7 ANTRD, GIRL about 13, toissist in small house, good home and wages.—Apply 15, DOROTHY-STREET, Lower ltrougnton, Manchester.

IV N ANIND, good GlSrilitiAL, fer malt house ; two iia family; good wages.—Apply. ?firs. F. W. BALDWIN. C'roashills, near Keighle . Y____-------------

WANTED, GBNBILAL Servant, undertake all duties; family two ; good reference required; 218.—NORLEY, 480, Chester-road, Blanchester.

MRS. MA.RSDiiN'S, High-class Registry, 4 LIME-GROVE Didsbury, Manchester. Wants Respectable Servants In all capacities ; references.

WALITII,D, experienced NURIC S-HOUSBMAID ; flrtt child from month ; cook-general kept; wages £2o. BAER, Rosbrin, Bowden, Cheshire.

WANTED, good GENERAL; plain COOK; no washing; small family; good wages.—Mrs. IiALLBWoRTE, Registry, Orme-street, Oldham.

-___,------- NATANTED Respostable clean GIRL, to assist in h3ole- work ; good borne; age about lE.—MARSDEN, 16, Deyne Avenue, Prestwich, Manchester. -- WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, small family, no children, wages £l3, must be able to wash.—Apply by letter to 162, FALENEB-STREET, Liverpool.

WANTED good GENERAL, 18 to 20, able to wash ; refer- ences required; no family.—lipply 10, VICTOBLS- TIARR.scx, Kirkmanshulme-lane, Longsight, Manchester.

WANTBD, good plain COOKS. several experienced General Servants,Housomaid•Waitrosses and a second Laundrem.—Mrs. bTOPFORD'S Registry, Oxfot•d-road, Altrin- chain.

__— WAN TED, supr.rior GENERAL ; able to wait ; com- fortable home in famils of 3, wag's, £l2 to £l6. —Mrs. THosfas "Brookside." Brighton Grove, Rusholme, Manchester.

NVANTED. GRNBRAL, immediately ; country girl pre- ferrad ; another kept ; small family ; personal refer- sacs desired.—Apply, 13, Bftv.NTWOOD, Eccles Old-road, Manchester.

COACHMAN or Groom-Coachm4n liequires Situation; age 27 ; eight years in present situation ; ride, drive single or pair ; married when suited.—Appiy JOHN OVERTON, Dynevor Castle, Landllo, South Wales.

ftJ ALE and FEN ALB NURSES INhTITUTION, 70, Hope- -13.1 street, Liverpool.—Establi shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—.‘ Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

WIDOWER wants strong, healthy, woman, age 30 to 40, to do all the work of the house ; assistance given ; thoroughly domesticated, plain .00k family dine out ; wages including washing 7s. 6d. per week ; suitable person will be treated as one ot the family.—Address, stating age, &c.,W.N., 63, HULTON-STREET, Moss Side, Manchester.

KEATING-b POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kibs Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Tj-NRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d. ed., and Is Only be sure you do get: "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, FLEAS, BEETLFS, 3.IOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS. BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'd piLLs. Al! who suffer from Gout ol Pheumatisrn should immediately EAD:3I'S pus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hilludreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE S pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the ver v EADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe In

their action. INSTANT RBLiEr AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RFiEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommondatlcn ever givon any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 18,13urton-cres?ent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. I-, II 11 UMATI S M "Dear Sir,—lt is with uni4ounded k pleasure I rend you a few tines. in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is Aix years since I first had RHEUMA T I S M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUM A T IS The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented It If ri 13 MATI S M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMA TI S,M directly. I WOULD NOT RE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST OFIS POUND A BOTTLE. RP.I/ITDI A T I S M You aro quite e.t liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write li VI E U MAT M nie (enclosing etcmped address). Ling you every success, Yours. truly ALBERT Mourratis." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are cold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. I;ci. and 2s. Dd or sent post free for Postal Or-ier by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain kIADR'S GOUT AND ciliEU MATIC_PILLS. , ____ ,

ADE S PiLLS

intt,ltpbrool toartung Cistabs

Manta].

PSTERRHS, Wanted at New Infirmary.—Apply G. OSBORNE. Phsterer, 51. St. James-street. Latchford.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TB E _ BELFAST HOUSE.

01IN WILSON & SON, (BELF—ArI-')- L-IMITEU 13E G to inform their former patrons and the Pub Ho generally that they are showing in their NHW BRANCH WAREHOUSE;

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large AsBortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS. PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all ot which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE 111 A NUF ‘CTUR ERS' PRICES

===== 0002601_18990922_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL ARS INVITED

to CALL and INSP WT. no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY.

JOHN WILSON & LYON, (BELFAST), LTD

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOITSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET. BIRMINGHAM. lIIRRYVILJ E FACTORY. BALLYMEBE.

VIRE WOOD le. per bag, resin pieces. also fire lighters.— Wm. HEswicx 21. Buttorrnarket-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A BICYCLE FOR 2s.

GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-OPERATIVE COUPON SYSTEM. Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, also stamped directed inivelope for lull particulars and rules of our new syatem wheret,y you can out +in a Fligh Grade Lady or Gent's Bicycle for the ridiculous sum or 2s. No catchpeuny but a genuine business transaction.

THE YIZEN k_ITLE , 101, SMITH DOWN-ROAD, LIVEUPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEI<. FRIDAY, SEPTEMI3ER, 22, 1899.

eatcs

===== 0002601_18990922_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENOR REMEDY.

ME 1) iH. A PION. This successful and highly popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental liospitali by Ricord Rostan. Jobet. Vdpeau, and others, surpas,es everything hitherto employed for impurity ol the blood, sp,)te, blotches, pins and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture. diecharges piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu• rnarkin, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapiou is prepared In three different forms bos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped ad.ireseed envelope for parnph:et to

Nu?. R. JOHNSON, 43, IiOLYORD-EQUABE, LOZirON, W.C.

gotorko, 13u5tnr550,

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY : STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS

JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTERNIARKET-STREET. WARRINQ-TON,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complabts, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is he 9nly positive, safe, certain, and speedy ens known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every 3alse. •

Bend at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOK OS, 10. FBATHBRSTONE BUILDING:?, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W.C.

TETE liberation of Captain The P4rdon of DREYFUS has been an- Dreytus.

nounced, and he is a free man again. President LOUBET, in consultation with with his Cabinet on Tuesday, decided upon a pardon, but the official promulgation of it was withheld for a day or two in order to get DREYFUS quietly out of the country and avoid inconvenient demonstrations. The liberation of the man who has endured a martyrdom is matter for congratu- lation to himself, his friends, and all who have worked for justice. He is not acquitted of the crime laid to his charge ; the legal establishment of his innocence and restoration of his civil rights are objects yet to be sought. That the " pardon" is illogical goes without saying. It is equally illogical whether DREYFUS be innocent or guilty. If innocent, a " pardon " is an absurdity, although, one with which we are not unfamiliar ia this country. If Thugy-eus be really guilty oi the treason to his country imputed to him, the " pardon " is unwarrantable ; there is no justification for it. But the very fact that the French Government has resolved upon the pardon is in itself an acknowledgment that, despite the verdicts of two courts-martial, DREYFUS is held innocent of the crime of which he has been convicted, and that his conviction was against the Lurden of the evidence. It implies also that the suspicion, if not the belief, that DREYFUS has been made a scapegoat for the sins of others,whom,however,it is not convenient at this juncture to bring to justice. It is understood that with the pardon of DREYFUS other prosecu- tions, or projected prosecutions, are to be dropped. This will mean that the venal members, from MERCER downwards, for the time being escape their deserts. But the "pardon " must be regarded as only one step towards the even- handed justice that awaits all concerned in the conspiracy against the innocent. DREYFUS and his friends will start work for the restitu- tion of his rights, and the full recognition of his innocence. The French Government will probably continue its investigations, and at some future time we shall see a further denaansent,when the justice meted out will he rnora stern and logical. By the pardon of DREYFUS France is saved the ignominy of an innocent man's dying in gaol. The victim's health has suffered under the accumulated tortures heaped upon him. A free man once more,restored to wife and famiIy,ALFEED DREYFUS may regain his health and strength and live to see the discomfiture of his enemies. Buls at present all that is uncertain. One brave man who had struggled hard for justice, M. SCHEURER.* ICEsTNER,.the ex-Senator who first became con- vinced that the court-martial of 1894 had perpe- trated a judicial crime, has. passed away just as his labours were bearing fruit. Reputations have been both made and lost over the DREYFUS case, and there are reputations still lying tinder the cloud it has cast, some of which may be cleared, but others may be blasted. The pardon of DREYFUS affords a welcome respite from the heat and stress of the long struggle; it will inspire hope for the futurei but real and substantial justice has yet to be done.

CONTINENTAL journals have British and Russian • trade in the Esst. given us more than one hint that, in the event of war in South Africa, both Russia and Germany would take advantage of Great Britain's preoccupation to mak further encroachments in the East. That • is very probable, and France likewise might at- tempt further expansion had she not just now her own hands tied by domestic troubles. So far as Russia is concerned her ambition is insatiable and her activity tireless. Prince 00CtiTOMSNI'5 organ, the St. Petersburg " Viedomosti," is con- tinually urging an aggressive policy all along the line in Southern Asia. At the present time such policy is actually being carried out in Persia and Afghanistan, but it is ostensibly confined to CO merce. One of the semi-official Russian journals has lately boasted that, although the Amber of Afghanistan is precluded by treaty with Great Britain from diplomatic relations with Russia, since the Russian Trans-Caspian rail- way has approached the Afghan frontier the trade of Afghanistan with India has fallen off and been diverted into Russian hands. The statistics it gave on this head, if correct, certainly went far to bear out its contention that the trade and influence of Russia in Afghanistan were rapidlY growing again. Now a correspondent of the "Times "has been writing to shew that Russia is monopolising' the trade of Persia, more particu- larly in Khorassan. While the British Govern 4 ment thought it unnecessary "to put a single Consular agent between Meshed and Teheran on the west,and between Meshed and Persian Gulf 011

venty 4y np Lining corn. z this

F US :nt rho ;u-

me ;he ,nt its

Ily ty. lot

is it.

3f, he at

the south, the Russians had established them all over the province," where' they vi„,roroualy push Russian commercial interests. Moreover, Russia has compelled the Parsian Government to construct, at great expense, a good road from Meshed, the chief town of Khorassan, across the frontier, where it connects with the Trans-Caspian railway. As a result of these meas- ures "the whole province is already completely un- der Russian influence, and the British trade, once supreme there, has received its death-blow." Two articles only of Indian produce still hold their own—tea and indigo; but that is because Russia cannot produce them. They have to be brought by sea to Bandar-Abbas, and thence to be carried along a neglected road.eight hundred and seventy miles to Meshed, and they Feld o rn take less than three or four months on the journey. Along the Whole line there is mot a single British official to see fair play for British trachrs. We have a Political Agent at Meshed, but he disdains to look after British trade interests. Formerly, too,British goods crossed the Persian and Afghan frontier into Irranscaspia and Bokhara, but since 1895 Russia haserected an almost impassable wall of tariffs and prohibitions. Rather late in the day, the Govern- ment of India is trying to open a new trade route from Quetta to Meshed,a distance of one thousand miles. The Russian G wernmentrhas countered it by placing a Vice-Consul at Sistan, whore it has "absolutely no trade nor political busin-ss what- ever." We have Consuls neither at Sistan nor at Bandar-Abbas on the Persian Gulf. Now that our Government has begun to appoint commercial agents abroad to watch British trade interests Persia ought not to be neglected. The writer of the article on "The White Man's Burden in China," in the Contemporary Review points out that prac- ally we have no "Intelligence Department" to obtain information for us:of what is passing in the Far East. We can do without an "Intelligence Department" moulded after the French model, but there is certainly a need for the appointment of more wideawake and intelligent agents.

Even in the land of the canny Scot, lunacy is increasing, though not at a rate which may be con- sidered at all alarming. The annual returns of the Commissioners of Lunacy for Scotland show that there is, as in this country, a steady growth in the number of insane people. One would have thought, carelessly may be, that the Scotsman with his caution and canniness would be the least likely person to lose hia mental balance, but figures show that he is no more exempt from such troubles than other people. Another point of view occurs to us,which is possibly the more correct one, though we do not vouch for it. Tne typical Scots- man is proverbially keener in the pursuit of " bawbees " than any other mortal, and the worry thus entailed upon him, it seem only natural, should counterbalance the saving effect of his caution, and make him as liable to lunacy as every other competitor in the race of life. Thcse are but suppositions, however, and to continue them further would, we fear, lead to a suspicion that our own "soft grey matter" was in a disor- dered state. Reverting to the statistics we find that the number of patients during the last year for which complete figures are available was 12,482 and the erpenditure on their maintenance and medical supervision amounted to £298,878. The totals are considerably more than double those of 40 years ago; but this is not a startling fact con- sidering the better registration since the ;sassing of, the Lunacy Act of 1857. The worse disclosure GI the figures is that relating to 1898 alone, dur- ing which year there was an augmentation of 487 eases—just about double the average increase of the five years 1891-95. This sudden advance is probably quite exceptional, and does not indicate anything which need cause alarm. Lunacy is certain to continue increasing while the feverish haste and hurry of the present age prevails, and the only consolation lies in the fact that the higher medical skill obtainable 'lessens the severity of the eases and reduces the mortality.

The character sketch of Mr. Chamberlain which appears in the "Young Man "will be read with sympathetic interest by friends and opponents alike. It depicts a man broad-based upon self- reliance. In politics enemies must be made, but there is this compensation, that the strenuous opposition of political foes does not extend to private life, and the man whom you feel it a duty to denounce in public may be your charming com- panion in private. Mr. Chamberlain's genius for acidulous retort has ever been a stumbling block in the way of those who might otherwise be dis- posed to do more justice to a,realiy striking career. Moreover, the Colonial Secretary does not own to any sentiment, and sentiment is a stronger link in the chain that binds humanity together than he or any other man of intense practi- cality has ever been induced to imagine. Thus in many respects he repels rather than attracts; but yet by sheer character he is attractive. ,No public personage of our epoch has so thorouehlv and convincingly illustrated Emerson's profound saying that with consistency a great man has nothing to do. It" is the hobgoblin of little minds adored by lit.tle s.tatesruen and philosophers." Future historians will perhaps point an accusing finger at the unbridled desire for mastery which has distinguished the Colonial Secretary's social, municipal, and political career. It is a fault, or not a fault--according to the temperament of the people who argue the question. But those " penal ' blindnesses upon such as have the unbridled desires' spoken of by St. Augustine in his memorable "Con- fessions" have fallen also upon Mr. Chamberlain, even as they fell upon Cardinal Manning, and it is only fair to remember this when as orators we are 'tempted to denounce, with undue warmth, those political or diplomatic doings which we do not concur in.

• 64 Mr. W. M. Ackworth's letter in the "Times' from Denver, Colorado, on American express speeds, directs attention to a matter which is of great concern to the business men of this country. fib points out that between Philadelphia and Atlantic City express trains cover a distance of fifty-five miles in fifty minutes, and that they do it safely and with comfort. There is one service between London and Brighton—fifty-two miles in an hour on Sundays, and a few minutes more on 4 week days—of which we may be proud, especially as it is accomplished with the disadvantage of several long tunnels and one sharp curve. There is. truth •in Mr. Ackworth's observation that we do not like to feel that the trains are going at a very rapid rate, and any improvement which is made in oar service must be in quickening the pace during the slower periods of the journey, and not in raising the maximum. The trouble is is getting into and out of the Metropolis. Everyone knows what a Waste of time there frequently is in covering the last few miles on the South Eastern to Charing- Cross, on the London and Chatham to Ludgate • Hill, and on the South Weston to Waterloo. The G-reatEastern Railway Company has been the most enterprising of the compaaies to recognise this difficulty by spending huge sums in the en- largement of Liverpool-street and the improvc - ment of the line near London. The South Wes- ': tern are following in their wake and we may hope for an improvement there. There must be no ad- ditional risk, but there should be a clearer way for express trains, and that can be accomplished only by more lines and platforms.

The members of the Warrington Rural District Council were gracious enough at their meeting last week to allow the press to report their de- liberations respecting the difficulty which has arisen with their workmcn regarding their hours Of labour. The Chairman seemed to have some doubts as to the advisability of doing so, and took the opinion of the members on the matter. To their credit, be it said, they decided to act in thoopen. The point at issue is a very simple one and there is not the slightest need for such a

matter to be discussed with closed doors. The road-men ask for a modification of the new regu- lations which compel them to work until four o'clock on Saturd /637 afternoon, and do not make any allowance for walking time when the work is over two miles distant. The request seems a reasonable one, and as it cannot be said that the Council treat their men with a lavish scale of pay, there should be no difficulty in arriving at a conclusion satisfactory to all concerned.

The patriotism of some of the Volunteer Corps up and down the country in offering themselves for service in South Africa is to be admired, but their wisdom is somewhat questionable. Accord- ing to the report of the School of Musketry for last year, more than half of the entire volunteer force are only second-class shots, and their defi- ciency in this respect will most certainly debar them from seeing active service at the C apo. It is all very well for the units of a fighting force to be eager and enthusiastic for the work before thern,but these qualities will stand them in poor stead against skilful and courageous foes unless they are hacked up by military efficiency. Our friends, the Boers—with whom we hope we may not come in conflict—would soon make short work of a volun- teer corps by sheer superiority in marksmanship. The previous Boer war was a decidedly bloody one, due as much to the deadly shooting of the Dutch settlers as to anything else, and if there is to be another it will behove our Government to send out only picked troops. Our volunteers will do very well at home—where their proper place is— and if they want their patriotism taken advantage of, let them wipe out first of all, the reproach with regard to the handling of their weapons. To de- velop into first-class shots they will have to work hard, especially considering the way they are handicapped by the scarcity of suitable riff ranges.

It seems just withia the possibilities of science that ere long the blind may be enabled to see. A Russian electrician, Dr. Peter Steins, has corns forward with an idea which promises much, and performs not a little. Dr. Steins says he has an electrical apparatus which will enable blind men to see with their brains. He has been interviewed, and by the aid of his apparatus, which is presum- ably after the style of the Riintgenray instrument, has succeeied in making his interviewer, while thickly blindfolded, clearly discern a pair of pincers held before him. Now this is an accom- plishment of no small importance in itself, and encourages one to hope that he may fulfil his promise to enable blind people to see with their brains Pot as ordinary folk do with their eyes. Dr. Steins' apparatus really performs the functions of the eyes in that it conveys an impres- sion of things external to the brain. It is just a question whether people whose optic nerve is use- less will be benefited to the extent imagined. The interviewer was not deficient in this respect, and we must await actual experiments on the blind be- fore we can place faith in the savant's words. There seems to be some hope for the blind how- ever. If the X-rays can show us a bullet embedded in the human frame there seems no reason why some kindred application of science should net carry an image to the brains of the blind.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
nurattnn.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
epritst

===== 0002601_18990922_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NULES.

[By A. CORREsPONDENTA The strides made by the Runcorn Co-operative Society are again illtptrated by the tact that the society a few weeks ago completed the negotiations for the purchase of the premises lately occupied by Mr. W. Collier, grocer, in Church-street. Tb.o free- hold of this property, which is computed to be worth £4,000, was secured by the Society for some £2,250.

A severe storm which swept over the district in the early part of the week had the effect of bringing down numbers of loose slates ia and about Duke's fiel?.3 to the great danger of p%ssers-by. Luckily, however, no serious accideats resulted. One often wonders how so many slates happen to be loose, awaiting each succeeding high wind. But wonder as one will the slates are there, and when it blows, down they come, and often enough some one is in- jured. If property owners were a little more care- ful of their property, and would do something to these loose slates before they became the deadly missiles they often ara, a public service would be achieved.

Now the winter nights are coming on the ques- tion of amusements, and of how to spend the long lonesome evenings is being widely discussed by the average Runcornian. This brings to our notice the Theatre Royal, the Public Hall, the Club, the Public Library, and the various concerts &c., that aro promoted from time to time. Bat when the whole are summed up, the truth must be admitted that the average Runcornian has precious little amuse- ment provided him wherewith to kill his time, and when the home accommodation is so scant, it is no small wonder that he goes afield ad spends the evening in the "'city."

An interesting question awaiting solution is that concerning the Manchester Ship Canal, in respect to its true nature as affected by the River's Pollution Act? Is the Canal a stream, a river, a canal, or as some people seem to think, a sewer? Those at present seem to be the four dfiaitione assigned to it. But, whatever view is taken,it mast be admitted that the position of the canal is some- where " betwixt tha devil and the deep sea for, on the one hand, it is contended that it waters are abominably contaminated with sewage, and that the effluvia arising therefrom in its higher reaches is most obnoxious ;yet the canal cannot prevent the admission of this sewage. On the other hand, the Upper Mersey has been adjudged a stream under the meaning of the Act ; and, any matter escaping from the canal into the Mersey—and it is only natnral to suppose SOMa does so escape—will undoubtedly be treated by the Navigators as pollution. Thus matters are supposed to stand at present, and until the exact state of affairs is defined the subject is one likely to often engele the attention of the Runcorn Rural District Council.

So far as I can ascertain the strike amongst sailors and firemen has not cast its baleful influence upon the port of Runcorn, e,nd traffic anrongst b 3th ocean going and coasting craft of all kinds seems to be progressing as briskly as ever. Other trade indications also point to a prosperous winter all round and on the authority of a large employer of labour I have it that there need not be a single nyin out of work in Runcorn this winter. There is plenty to do all round. This op;Amisti3 iwof things is very gratifying.

The enthusiasm of the Runcorn Antlers' Asiocia- tion has led them to build a refreshment. tent near to their waters at the Old Quay,which it is intended to fit no with cooking apparatus, so that the' very 'ardent " can with the greate‘t comfort spend es much time as possible on the spo'.;. The tent, which is to be of a substantial character, is being erected by the members themselves and does them great credit. It will also serve as a store for the mem- bers' tackle.

SPECIAL ATTENTION P-AID TO NEA rNESS AND _

Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGrRA.MMES, &e. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAR. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORE. PROGRAMMES leer, SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONGER rs. PROGRAMMES FOR FECES, &c.

JOHN WALKER AND • Cu, His an established reputation for giving careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Custorners ; and its facilities for the produntion of Good work of every kind—from the smallest typagraphic trifls to the biggest mural " Mammoth ''—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing i the bane of nusin .s man. They find it doesn't pay to have It— even at "the lowest tender."

A CCOUN T BOOKS RULED, PRINITI) Ci. and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS. DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASII BOOKS, • ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

THE " EX 151INER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET,

WP RRINOTON.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

The new wing of the Runcorn Technical Insti'ute will he formally opened by Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart.. M.P., at 4 o'clock on Wednesday, the 27th inst. The same day, the Annual Prize Distribution will take place at the Technical Instirute. The function promises te be one of m ire than ordinary interest, and should be attended largely by those interested in :the educational welfare of the community. THE Lint MR. WHITTAKER.

On Sunday rn lrning at Runcorn Parish Church, the Rev Canon Wood, Vicar, preaches a sermon with special rafernce to the late Mr. W. Waittaker. The organist (Mr. John J Ateson,) played the 13-3 ad March ia " Saul" and the hymns" On the Resurrection Alorniag " ani " Peace, perfect peace," were sung by the congrega- tion.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET ACCIDENT.

On Monday morning while Mr. H. P irker,of Norman- road, was delivering milk in Greenway- )ad, his horse became startled and dashed away at a great spe,,d. In turning into Norman-road the animal collided with the Cemetery will, breaking the shafts and otherwise dam- aging the float ; while the tankards ware overturned and the milk lest. The horse was also eonsideraisly injured.

CATTOZT AFTER MANY MONTHS. At Widnes, on Moneay Thom zith, lab-rr charged on a warrant with un! uilv wouLdi:.• Fyldes, a nnarried woman. On Ap.il 8, 1898, tise p-. , quarrsilled in a neighbour's house, and prisoner stabbed pro4ecutrix in the back It was not, however. a serious woos]. Afterwards he absconded, and had since been working at Fleetwood, but on visiting Widnes on &tun, day he was apprehended. Primer had a bad recosd, and be was seat to gaol for two months. Rusconia Fans LIBRARY ColarirrEn.

The usual monthly meeting of the above committe, was held at the Towa Hall, on Thursday evening. The librarian reported that the Institution had been open for 22 days during August, within hich period 1595 volumes had b m lent,embrasing theology 20,philosophy 4, science 35, history &a. 53, poetry 6, fiction 1310, mis- celaneous 159, French 1, music le. As aompared with the same mouth last year the figures showe i a decrease of 44 vo'umes issued. Accounts were passed for pay- ment amiunting to 25 11s. 9d. THE FLOWER QUEEN AT THE PUBLIC HALL.

Naxt Wedneslay and Thursday the "Flower Queen" will be performed at the Public Hall, Runcorn, by up- wards of 120 Runcorn ladies. The nrogrlmme sub- mitted appears to be of a very high order, and amongst the so'oists aopear the names of Misses Gertrude Newton, Edith Clare,Wi ) thington E. D. Wright, Leathwood,Jessia Crosby, Jessie &me, C. Handley, D. Cameron, Carter, Simkin, A. Taylor, and Olive Clare. The queen elect is Miss Gertrude Newton, and the recluse M. Libbis N. Burch. The ace mnoaniment will be rendered by the Runcorn Orchestral Society under the conductorship of Mr. Maurice Kruger. Fur calm particulars sea advor- tisiag columns. FUNERAL OF MISS HEASLEY, RUNCORN.

_ On Tuesday the interment of Miss Florence Mary Heasley, oaly daughter of Captain Gorge Heasley, marine superintendent of the S4ip Canal. of Stanley Villaa,Runcorn,took place at Smitadowa-road Cemetery, Liverpool. The young lady, who was to have been married in January next, died unexpectedly on Friday evening, and the universal sympathy of the Runcoin people Wa3 extended to Mr. and Mrs. Heasley in their great sorrow. Miss Heasley Was Pxceedingly well know* in the town, and she had identified herself with the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Mission to Seamen, ia which she had taken an activs interest. The body was conveyed from Runcorn to Edgehill by train, and the precession from Stanley Villas to the rail way statiom was headed by numerous officials and employes of the Ship Canal Company and the general public. At Liverpool many relatives and friends formud the cortege. Tnere ware many floral tributes. TRH VICAR OF WESTON POINT AND HIS VOTR.

At the court for the revision of ye:ers' lists in Run- corn and purr ninding: townships. held at Runcorn on Tuesday by Mr. D. A. V. Celt-Williams, rovisiag barris- ter, the Rev. D. S. B)wen, describsi as Vicar of Chrisr, Church, Weston Paint, claimed to be placed on th-i ownership list because of his incumbency. Mr. W. Handley liberal agent, object.d on the ground toat Mr. B4wen was not the owner. Mr. Howell was claiming for a freehold house, but the •waers were the Weaver Trustees.—The Barrister : Are there ao tithes P—Mr. Handley : No, there are no tithes. Titers is no hanefice even.—Mr. C. J. Hughes (Unionist atent) : He et seot be moved.—The Barrister disallowed the claim —Mr. Hughes : He is on division 1, so that his vote is not affected.—There were no ether CW'S of io-ereir, sha business being of a routine character. The polling districts dealt with were: Runcorn, North and South, Aston, Suttoe, Nortoe, Halton, Wostrn, Dutton, and Little Leigh.

STORM AT RUNCORN.

On l‘donday and Taesdav high winch prevailei ia Runcorn district. Oa vi'lcines lay narnaz the wild had freshenal to a sev,.re westerly gale. acco,npanieol by heavy showers of rain and large hailstones; and it swapt along the upper 31ersey with U.:meadow force. Accord- ing to th 3 tide table at 12.19 noon the water ia the river sitiould have reached a dente of 17 feet 4 inches ; but at that time the tide was flowing strongly and con- tinued to do so for another half hour, a depth of about 25 feet being recor Jed. Traffic was practically at a standstill° n the river no vessels entering or leaving Runcoin docks. The full force of the gale was also felt on the Ship Canal and there was no tr3.tficerr the 3 lower reaches of the waterway. The Naeinyth lotto aging to Messrs. Laraport and Holt from Manchester to New York, and the S.S. Flashlight belonging to Mr W El Stott from Manchester to Baltic Ports, tied up at Old Quay because of stress of weather. The depth of water in the Canal at full tide was 32 feet. The Runcorn ferry was rendered absolutely useless for the time being,water pouring •ver the gangway conneot- ing the Ship Canal with the river in immense volumes. The ferrymen anchored their boat amid t)ok refuge from the storm On No Man's Land.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE LINNETS WIN. BUT HOW?

BY THE "SCORCHER."

Runcorn won again, and on Saturday com- pleted Vie " hat-trick " as I expected. I was not, however, greatly satisfied with the game; which did not come within "streets "of the exhibitions against Swinton and Broughton Rangers. But mien, Runcorn, if they are anything, are chival- rous; and as Wines only came with half-a-team they generously let them off with balf-a-wacking. Possibly—mind I don't assort it—but possibly it was so. Football, you know, is full of surprises,and Saturday's game, between the two locals, was no ' e -ception. -.Mach of the "raggedness' shown could traced to a preponderance of local feeling. For, as is readily admitted, a too exuberant display of that explosive ever made to sp ail things. Ipse fact,; one cannot have the man and the ball, but mast sacrifice one for the other. Thus there was a rot visible. and as one looked at the guns and found cause enough to shoat himself blue in the face, Fein SD nettling was" raggy "—nothing went smoothly. ern had the same men, wao rendered each good service against the James's; but the dashing I finiehed display that brought proud Broughton to I their feet was absent. The scrummages were such as I wish not to behold again; rough and tumble seemed to be the order in a" whirligig of dis- order." Everyone played well at that. Occasion- ally, however, the Runcorn backs did put in a little good; but so few and far betweaa were these dis- plays, they could be likened to the fitful lightning of a waning storm. Widnes played anyhow. Ran- corn tried their best to stop thent,—which, by the way, they did—then they went and played any- how themselves. Why they did me, goodness enly knows? Had they, on the other hand, stopred Widses' little game, and played football themselves the result would have been far 1310°S gratifying. Some peaple have expressed wonderment at how Runcorn beat Swinton and Broughton, yet, had they seen those two matches they would simply wonder whatever was up with them that they let Widnes get as danger- ous as they sometimes did. One thing is,hewever, certain, such form was neither cup form nor championship form, and we must have no more of it. But to return to facts: Runcorn won, and having won must be excused. For as "charity covers a multitude of sins," " two points "cover an afternoon's wretched football, To beat Oldham to-morrow, Runcorn will have to play just a trifle better than anything they have yet done, and keep it up, too, all the way. They must remember to go the" whole hog." No half measures. Let them beat Oldham in the pack and the game is theirs; but,once let the Oldham backs getit into their heads that they are behind the strongest pack, and Run- corn will get such 'a drubbing as will make them bu. . y Vaeir heads in shame.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 1899 ADULTERATED MILK AT RUNCORN.

POTATOES AND POOR MILK,

ANALYSTS DISAGREE,

Joseph Welker, farmer, Halton, was summoned at Runcore Pete' Seesions on Monday before Mr. A. R. Norman, and Mr. E. Speakmao, for selling to Albert Timmis by the hand of leis servant, William Whitby, a pint of milk which eras adulterated with three per cent. of added water, on the 31st July. He was further sum- moned for selling to Albert Timmis, on the same date,a pint of milk which was adulterated with four per cent. of added water.—Mr. Burton appeared for the de- fendant —Albert eTimna,s. inspector of weiehts and Pleasures, stated that on Monday, the 31st July last, he was in Runcern, and want to the shop of Mrs. Ellisoroin Bentick-street, about eight o'cloek in the morning. The defendant's man, William Whitby, was about to deliver milk to Mrs. Ellison from a tankard. Wirness asked to be eupplied with a pint, an.' Whitby served lon, and he paid 1.0. for it. One pr- don he submitted to Dr. Carter Bell, the public analest far the county. He had certified that the milk c mtained 3 per cent, of alded water. This opinion the analyst said was based upon the fact that the sample contained only 8.2 pir cent of none-fatty solids,whereas normal milk c mtained at least 8 5 per cent of such solids. The witness explained that a fortnight ago objection was takes to the form ef certifiee , and the case was acij surnel in order that the public analyst might attend. --Dr. Carter Bell, public a- yst, gave cerroberative evidence. He estimated the fatty solids in the sample and they were 216. It wee; not necessary to estimate the fatty selide to asceitain whether water bad been adied te milk, but he always did estimate it. He had had aheat 25 years' exparier le in milk analysis. —Mr. Tiroinie : Have you Jr in your experience known milk from a herd of w '1 -fed sows give such a lew pc ceatage of wen-fatty solids as the preeent . sample ?—I cannot say that I have.—What is the per- ' centage of total solids le Cheshire milk ? From 125 to 14 per sent. The Isere mtage in this case was 1106. In making yoar estimate of the amount of added water in this sample did you make every possible allowailee fer this sample being naturally poor ? Yes, I riways do.—Then it is clearly yeur opinion that water has been aide 1 is this case ? Yes. —ln reply to fur:her cpestions Dr. Carter Bell said in eases where the milk was suspiciously poor he asked the Inspector to go and see the cows milked, and ti send him a sample from that milk. This was done in the pre- sent case.—The Inspector : Did you analyses the sample taken from the cows in this sacs P—Dr. Carer Bell : —Yes.—Mr. Burton objected to this evidence. There was no proof that the milk analysed by Dr. Carter Bell was that white% the inspector took from the cows.—r. Titania said they always took the p:eeintioe to test the caws to see if the farmer was sully getting poor milk himself.—Themes W•ight, aesistant in Weights and Measures °Nice, Cht ter Castle, deposed te accom- panying Mr. Tinemis *3 Nallwid Faris on the 3rd August, and obtaining • inplee of milk from the sowa.—Mr. Tirarais also gave evidence of thin fact. and steted that he forwarded the sample takes to :Dr. Carter Bell by registered parcel pest. The cewa were in very good condition indeed. There was not a peer cow earliest the let. He saw 17 cows milked.—Croes•erarnined by Mr. Burton : No oreceedinge were pending in respect to those samples.— Mr. Burten submitted rhee there lewd be roof that the Milk was delivered to Dr. Carter Bell. The inspector ought to have taken it there.—The Bench after a few minutes consultations with the Olerk, said they would not take this part of the ease into censideration.—Crese-examiaed by Mr. Burton, Dr. C irter Bell said he was familiar with the Local Goverontent Beard Repert. That repert dealt with the examination of 873 cow—Kr. Bur- ton : In that case did set 17 per cent of the samples fall below 8 5 P—Dr. Bell : They are single cows ; net a herd of cows.—Tiee milk of 273 cows is analysed separately. Out if that 17 per cent. were found to fall below $ 50 ?—lf you take half starved cows, but not the cows of Cheshire and Lan- cuhire —Mr. Burton : Five ef them were under per cent.—Dr. Carter Bell : You must take all things to- ge%her. You cannot pick out one thing alene. Is thin case practically speaking the total solids are 11 per suit. I say no well-fed cow can give such a law percentage as that.—Mr. Burton : 17 per cent. fell iselow 850 ? Dr. Bell : In my experience I have bad one farm in Cheshire where not a very good sample came from. I went to the farm and saw the cows milked, and three er I four of them were in a half-starved state, and not fit to he milked.—ln reply to further questions, Dr Carter Bell said he bad taken 11•5 as his standard. He did net dispute that the quality of the milk was affeeted by the breed of the cows aad the food they received. If cows were suddenly dropped from corn to potatoes it could not make the teal solids cense down to 11 per cent.— Mr Burton addressee the court on behalf of the defend- ant. On the Saturday and Sunday prier to the 31.1 t July the defendant, having rue out of cake , and corn, fed his cows with a considerable quantity of potatoes. On *medley the 31st, the sample was taken,and that was the explanation why thissemole was lower than the milk usually W4B.—Jigesph Walker, the defendant, said Its fernete 108 acres of land, and had 17 milking cews. Me had been at Hallweed Farm five years. His Lows were examined last, in spring. fie , usually fed his (tow' on core and cake, but he ran out of this food at the week end before the Monday the Nameless were taken for the proseeution, and he was obliged to fend them on potatoes cnly. He had teat a large Tian- tity of pasture land,and the grass which he had was very short and dry. Ile believed that these Netts would account for the poorness of the milk. He supeerintended the ; milking of the cows on the morning of the 31st. In face, he always did. He drained out the tankard, and put the milk in himself, and no water was added to it. He saw his servant leeve.—Crols•exantined by Mr. Tiatnais : He did net know how to account far samples of milk supplied by himself before the Friday previous to the Monday not being up to the standard. It was from the Friday to the Mon- day teat he was without corn Agri etke. His cows were in good Whitby, employed by the defendant, !raid he remembered the samples being taken en the 31st July. Ho did net add one drop of water to the milk.—Charles Martin Bledsoe analytical chemist, Nerds wich, slid he had been gracile- jag in this capacity for 50 years, 20 years in London, and 30 years in Nosthwich. The !weed of cows WAU'I affecc the quantity and quality of milk. There were two periods in the year when milk was Yore poor. lit the spring months milk was at its lowest elsb, hence they had a large number of presecutious at that time •f the year. This was chi-fly owing to the grass being youug and full of watery juices. Then the grass became imore matured,ansi milk attained its highest point during May, and June. From the end of June the milk tree,' to decrease, until in July and August there was another heavy depression. pastures were burnt sheet and the milk suffered in ceneequenoe. Mr Bludee then handed the Bench a oomparative steterneat of the qualities of milk for the different menthe of the year. The morning milk was always poorer than the evening's. There was no fixed standard of milk. The Government had bean pressed te fix a standard, hut they evidently preferred to lease it in the hands of the public analyses. —Cross-exarnined by Mr Timis : In the cue he had cited, where he had found the non-fatty solids as low as the total sold a were 111., which he admitted was better than in the cis-, under consideration. A different souse of feeding would alter the quantity of the non- fatty solids to a certain extent, and the change would he perceptible after the first meal--John Percival,fareaer Halton, maid that feeding elms en potatoes affected both the quantity and quelitylof the milk considerably. It needed no analysis to discover this. The milk had a Wag look about it, and teere was net meek cream— The Benet' then retired to consider their decision, and en re:entering the court, the Chair:sae asked defendant how long he was feeding the cows on petatoie; only ? The defendant said from the Friday till the Mendey. The Chairman then said they had decided to eenviet in this case and defendant would be died 40s. and £2 16s. 81. costs—Mr. Barton said he did not see why they should be celled open to pay the analyst's sx- nensee. They did not want- Ch tirrean said it wan through Mr. Burton that the analyst had been ad- vise] to attend.—Me. Burton obeerverl that ha had inti- mated a week ago that he would accept the analysie.and that there was no necessity for brineing the analyst. The coets were granted.—The second case was then pro- ceeded with, defendant again pleading not gnilty.—Mr. Tinemie repeated similar evidence se in she other case. The analyst's eertificate showed that the sample con- raieree 4 pr eent.ef added water.—The defendant was fined is. and is. 61. costs. Arthur Hager'', butcher, Parton-street, Nuecern, was surnmeeed for selling to Albert Tinsmis a pint of milk which wes adulerateel with nine per cent, of ridded water, on the 28th July. Albert Titamis stated that on the 28th July he went to defendant's shop, in Eeerton-street, Runcorn. He asked far a pint of milk, aad defendant supplied himousd charged him lOi for it. Re sent a portion to Dr. Carter 8011, the public -analyst. The latter certified that the milk contained nine per cent, of added water. This opinion was leased upon the fact that the sample of milk only contained 7'7 per neat of non-fatty solids, whereas normal milk contained 8.5. Defendant said he sold the milk to the inspector in the same condition as his received it front Mr. Walker. On being sworn defendant repeated this statement. The inspector and his assistant passed his window previous to the milk being delivered. The simple was taken three days prior to Mr. Walker's case. Witness added no water to the milk. Cross- ' examined he the Inspector : Witness got no guarantee with the milk. He sold it as he got it. He did not buy milk from anyone else. The Chairman : You will have to take the responsibitity of this. You have no guarantee. You will be fined £1 including costs.— Mary Ellison, grocer, Bentinck-street, Runcern. was eummoced for, selling to Albert Tim mm a pint of milk which was adulterated with seven per cent of added water.—Defendaet : I deliverrd it to him the same as I received it. I did not do anything with the milk. I Questioned by the inspector, the witness said she cot no guarantee with the milk.—She had sold milk for 40 years and this was the first complaint.—Defendant was , fined 19 and coats 15i 6d.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SAILORS ASHORE.

ASSAULT ON RUNCORN POLICE.

At the Ruacorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Mr. Junes Hain:dry, and Mr. A. R. Norman, John Lewis Bidgo d, a sailor, hailing frnm Brieiol, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in King-etreet on the 15th Ssptesaher, and with assaulting P.C. Edwards whilst in the execution of his duty : also with commit- ting damage to the tunic of P.C. Edwards to the amount of 15s. ; and further with assaulting P.C. Wilson whilst in the execution of his duty. William Beide!man, ship's carpenter, was also charged with assaulting P.C. E :wards at the same time and place. —P.C. Edwards stated that about 10 10 p.m. on Friday night he was on duty in Church street. The prisoners came along in campaey with two or three other sailors, and Bidgood wis the worse for drink. Ho was shouting and fall- ing about the st.re,t. One of the men asked witness the I way to Water-street, and he gave them the necessary I dlrrctions. The men turned down King-street, and Bid- I good wanted to go into the Rosa and Crown for more drink. Wiloass again d meted them to Water-street, and they went as far as the Three Crowns. The pri,oaer Bidgood again wanted to enter the public- house ;!witness told him and his companions to go to their ship gaietly. Oae of the men turned up Cooper- street, and behaved in a disgusting manner. Witness again told th, men to tio to their ship, or he would have to take them into custody. The men then went to the bottom of ring-street, and turned towards Belvidere. Here they commeneed to use bad language. Bidgood came back and said witness had been directing them the wrong road. Witness said he had not done so, and prisoner thereupon struck him in the face with his fist. He then took him into custody, and he became very violent. He kicked at witness several times, and struck him. While he was struggling with Balgood, the prisoner Reid dman seized witness by the back ef the neck and pulled bim down. Bidgood then got on top of witness and punched him in the stomach. Pre also tried to bite witnesa on the face, but he got hold of his fingers instead. The prisoner tore the sleeve of his tunic with his teeth. Witness managed to get clear of the men, and he then drew his staff to defend himself, and also blew his whistle. P.C. Wilsan responded to the alarm, and he told him to take Reidelman into custody. El" did so and then came to witness's assist- ance. Re.d,lman, however, got away,and they brought Bidgood te the police station. He was very violent, and assaulted Wilson on the war to the 'Wien. The prisoner continued his violent behaviour after he was lodged in the police station Witnesa and Wilson went in seareh of Reideltnan, and arrested him on board the shin Sali,hury. On being charge 3 he replied, "It was all through good nature. I only knew him Usur days."— P.C. Wilson gave corroborative evidence. Bidgood behaved like a madman and a bulldog more than any- thing else. He kicked witness on the side of the knee. He also grabbed at his finger and took the skin off.— P.C. Fry also cerrobarated.—Bidgeed alleged that he was" all black and blue," and mast have been handled rather roughly. He showed the bench his arm, which appeared to be badly bruised.—The Chairman observed that that might have been caused by his own violent be- ha.vinnr.—Reidelmin made se me observations which were not intelligible, but he appeared to be very much concerned abaul toe loss ef some tools through his ship having lift pert.—The Chairman said Bidgand far the drunkenness and disorderly conduct, and damage to the tunic, would be fined ss. and 20s. casts, or 14 days hard labour ; for the assault on the police, which the Bench considered was a serious matter, he would be sent to gaol for one inen'h'a bard lab)ur. Raidelman,for assault hag P.C. Edwards, wculd be conloalted to gaol for 14 days' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
HA.TZVEST FESTIVALS.

(Continu-d trial= page 3). SLLITA.TION ikEttitY, EARLESFOWN.

Three dace sp.cial services *connection with the hare vest thankegivine were, helal at the Salvation Army Bar- racks, Esrleetown,en Seturday,Suaday,and Monday, the barracks being nicely decorated for the occasion much of the credit ia this direction heing due to Bro. Christen- ea. who had pa ated about 39 or 40 yards of scenery coverine the end of the hall and represeating a harv-st field with shocks of wheat, and farm hou-oae, church, ate. On Saturrlay the children gave a representation e the Harvest Q.14398S court, the characters repre-f Gilead being, Her vast Qieen, :Mary Grundy ; Wheat, Maria ißoberta ; Barley, Alice Roberts ; Vine, Edith Dillow; assisted by a chorus of juniors the parts beimg performed in a manner refl,cieg great credit on their conductor, Bro. W. Stephenson, the audience showing their appreciation by the vigorous applause. On Saaday Staff Captain and Mrs. Palmer of Manchester. were in claw aed the building was twice packed the Staff Captain's addressee and airs. Paimere singing being greatly appreciated. Monday saw another succeeetul meeting' being preceded by a procession round the town at 1 30 104 by Staff Captain Palmer on horseback (kindly lent by the River Mee Company), having as a kind of Body guard a number of sisters in harvest costume carrying rskls kc., followed by a plough guided by Bro. France and the pro3es3ien wended its way to the barracks takiag evt'a it a great croweliaeide a good pro- gramme was iendered. The proceedines finished up I with the sal-, of frui.-, and altogether £8 10 was raised. ' BAP TISf CHAPEL, EARLESTOWN. Special services of thanksgiving in connection with the ingathering, of the harvest were held in the above chapel en Sunday. The edifice had been profnsely deco- rated with fruit, flowers, cereals and vegetables, and Presented a very pretty appearance. Tne preacher for the day was the Rev. A. Bathgate. of Carisbroohe Church, Welton, Liverpool, who delivered discourses appropriate te the occasion, and the choir rendered selections of suitable music. In the afternoon a sacred cantata entitled •'Night and Mornine." was given before a large congregation, by the choir which was somewhat augmented. Mr.S.Harvey conducted,and the vocal items were very well rendered. Collections were made at each service. On Monday evening a tea and social was held ia the schoolroem and was well attended. Vocal selections were given by the choir, and during the even- ing there was a sale of fruit from the harvest festival of the previous day. ST. MICHAEL'S, RUNCORN. The harvest festival in ceneection with this church was eontinued on Sunday. In the morning the pulpit I was occupied by the Rev. E. S. Oliver. The choir gave a spirited rendering of the anthem" Praise, oh praise.our God and line," the solo parts being well sustained by Mr. Caarles P,wnall and Mr. J. Blundell. At the Gan- elusion of the service the oroniGt, Mr. W. Grounds, Played the Dead March in 'Sa'il" out of respect to the late Mr. Whittaker. Toe preacher at evensong r 7113 the Rev. C. F. Sturgess, vicar of MarstJo. The choral part of the service was cpit in keeping with the occasion, the items consisting of Clare's M3gaificat and None Dialittis, the solo in the latter be- ing feelingly sung by Master Percy Ridge ; and the an- them " Ho :our the Lord with thy substance " (Stainer). The anthem waa sung with inarkad precision, the bass solo being ably given by Mr. W. Hopwo)d, while the tenor solo received excellent treatment from Mr. James Blundell. toe collections were in aid of the additional curat,s fund. Mr. W. Grounds was the organist, and Mr. Pownall, choirmaster,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. u&Lzas.

PRESENTATION TO A Sr. EIELENS ODDFELLOW. At a social gchzring of this 0 idfellows (Manchester Units) of the et. Eleleos district, held at the Red Lion Flatel, St. llelens on 'Wednesday nih, Mr. Tnontas Crooks, ef the Rose of Sharon Lodge—the lareest lodge in the distrint—was presented with a handsome silver tea urn in recignition of his long and valuable services to Oidfellowship. The preseetation was in itle on behalf of the subscribers by P.P.G.11. John Stott. and the gift'was suitably acknowledged by ttse ecipient. RAILWAY COLLISION AT Sr. HELENS. On Sunday afternoo,l a somewhat alarming collision occured on the Great Central Railway Campany's line between St. Helens and Havdock. The line has not yet been opened for passenger traffic, but it is rapidly approaching completion, and it is exp-cted that pass- enger trains will be running in the cJurse of the sinxt few weeks. It appears that yesterday afternoon two of the goods engines, through some unexplained cause, were travelling on the Same line of rails, and came into collision. Happily neither the driver nor the stoker of either engine was hurt, but the locomotives were con- siderably damaged. ene of them biiing smashed in. N.WI of the aceiltest Was immediately sent to the St. Helens station. and a breakdown gang Was despa.tc ied to the spot. Toe lines were ultimate cleared in order that the goods traffic might be resumed. ECCLESIASTiCAL PRIPERTY DESTROYED BY FIRE. On Sun lay moraing information was received at St. Helens Fire Brigade Slation that a fire had broken out in Lowe Rouse Ca!holic Church. Superintendent Lyoa and the brigade (pair:My attended, and fennd the eon- tents of ens of the vestries in flames. The brigade got ' a hand pump to work and in the course of half an hour had eatiaeuished the flames. It appears that the Rev. Father Kelltt discovered the outbreak whoa entering the vestry prior to morning service and gave an alarm. 07her priests connected with the mission rendered assistance, and prevented the flames from spreading by thriwing buck-its of water into the vestry pending the arrival of the brigade. Tne parish registers, which were kept in the vestry, were fortuuately4saved, but a large quantity of vestm ints and clothing were destroyed It is not known how the fire eti,:inated

WARRINGT,N MARKETS.

At the Warrington Girt' Market on Wedce,day wheat (white) fetched 35 9d, and red wheat, 33 9cl; oats, 2s and 2s 21. Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b., 18s 01. Bran, lid and is per 20Ib. At the Provision Market prices were as follows : Fresh butter is 31 and is 41 per lb. ; chee.se,6d to 8 per 1b; fresh eggs, 8 and 9 for is ; fowls, 43 61 to .5s 61 per couple; English beef, 41 to 91; lamb, 61 to 9d ; mutton 61 to 91; veal, id to 101; pork, 6d to Bd.

Aggregate Prize iZIOO must be won.

MATCHYS PLAYED SEPTIVLBES 30.

I West Bramwieh Albion v 2 Preston North End

1 Stoke v Z Glom)), North Eld

1 Bury v 2 NewcAstle Unitel

1 Leicester Fosse • 2 Burslem Port Vale

1 Barnsley • 2 Walsall ...

1 Chatham v 2 Gravesend

1 Reading • 2 New Broniptoa ...

I Warrington v 2 Widnes ...

1 Hull v 2 Manningham ...

1 Leicest, r v 2 Devonport Albion

Prizes Increased ! Number of Matches Reduced ! ! (.)U FOOTBALL CO 'A EFT [ION. M5O for 10 correct results ; AZ2S for 9 correct results (if £5O is not won) ; M 2(:) for next best if neither £5O nor 25 is won ; ILO for next best (if £5O or is won) ; £3 to the sender of the most Coupons.

An Aggregate Prize of ,''too will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the ,Z. 50 prize will be credited with 4 points; the ,Z. 25 prize 3 points; the ~20 prize 2 points; and the ,-bo prize I point. 20 Coupons for SHILLING P. 0.; If in St EACH OF THE NUMBERS BELOW REPR ,Free

amps, 15 are required- LTPON.

"WARRINGTON EXAMINEtt" SERIES COUPON. Each Club is nrembsred lor 2. All the Competitor has to do is to repeat the number of the CI space provided. If a dr tw is intended put X. —NOTIL—Don't cut the Coupon into strips, send the complete This Competition is ran in conjunction with the " Competition Key."

NAME

ADDRESS

:nb ho selects to win in

EONDITIONS. I.—The fret coupon Is free, and no competitor can send in more then one free coupon. Enclose Id. stamp forestry other coupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be enclosed if all the coupons on above sheet are us Any number toc coup ms an be Bent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—ln the -vent of more than two of the matches not being played on the date given, the £5O prize will not be awarded. 4.—The coupons must be forw.trded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to ide endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delieered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope t ears Werlaesdafe postm irk. It will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by band must be received net later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. s.—Comp-t,tors dernmcllng a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Order (if any), and num— ber of coup ms sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fee will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7. - All attempts In this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. 2.—When not less than 40 att,mpts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will tee crarled forward and added to the number Sent in in the next competition, so that sooner or later the coupea prize must be won by regular competitors. 9.—The results will appear in the int issue following the result of the matches.

THREE WARRINGTON WINNERS. The following coinnr-tttors gave 11 correct results, and will therefore, divide the I:5 Consolation Prize Mr J Dunn, 66, 1 hewlis-street, Warrington ; Mr Herbert Dale, 47, Padgate-line, Warrington ; Mr J Warburton, 6, Eldon-street, W.irrington ; Mr 8 Drew, 45i Fore-street, Redruth, Cornwall ; Mr G Mason, Hursley, Nr. Winchester. Hants. (five Coupons); Mr J M Butcher, 102, Sutherland- street, Barrow-in-Furness ; Mr 11 Vf Gay, 6, Vale Terrace, Dudbridge, Near Stroud ; Mr B W Ingram, North-street, Uppinghain ;MrVI G Dean, 4, Mildmay-street, Plymouth; Mr E Finch, near the Corner Pin, Huggleac .tr, Leicester- shire ;Mr J Hartley, 293, Southfi.qd-strett Nehon ; Mr H Twining, the Thrupp. Near Stroud. Glouc,rstershire ; Mr W Tugwell, 6, Arboretum-street, Nottingham. We have added 2s. to the £5 so that thd abeve-named whiners will receive 6s. for each coupon se-1 in with rinly on mistake. TRE 80UPON PRIZE.

The Prize of £2 10s. offered to the sender of the most coupons has been won by air. J. N. Pentelow, Little Yeld ham, by Halstead, Besrx. who sent in 2060 coupons. All who hare sent ix not less than 40 attempts in previous com- petitions will have their c alpons added to the number set inin the next competition.

i If no other competitor s found to have sent in a forecast entitled to a prize before September 29th, cheques for the amounts named above will be forwarded on September 30th.

TRE RACE FOR DIE ACCRECATE PRIZE.

Messrs. Nicholson, Arthur, Wood, Pridgeen. Pittam and Mason have scored tour points each for the ;tggrcg,te prize ; Mr. J. N. Pentelow. three points; Messrs. Tugvrell an d Andrews, two etch ; End Messrs. Gale. Dickinson, Funnell; Proctor, Davis, Harrison. 'Cay!or, Warburton, Twining Hartley, Finch, Dean, Ingram, Clay, Dale, Butcher, Drew and Gunn, one each.

ESENTS A CO \ i I 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 s 8 9 10 11 12 ,13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ........... ... ..... ... ... ( ... .• ..... , ... .. : .. .... , ~. 1 1 I H I j 1••••• ...... ••••• .......... ...

===== 0002601_18990922_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

FIVE COMPETITORS DIVIDE £5O. £5l 10s. WON TELE following were the results of the matches played Sep- tember 16th : Aton Jllla beat Evertor:, Stoke beat Pr.ston North End, Notts. County drew with WAlverhampton Wan- derers. Sunderland beat Burnley. Lincoln City beat Gains- boro, Small Heath beat) Chesterfield. Grimsby beat Walsall Mill wall Athletic beat Grave.lend, Warrington beat Stockport, Halifax drew with Manainghana, Davenport Albion beat Pen- y-eraig, Bristol beat Portsmouth. It will be seen that the •• glorious uncertiinty " of fooiball was not in evidence in these m•itches, and as there were really no " surprises," com- petitors had an easy task. The following competitors gave the 12 correct results, and will, therefore, divide the £5O prize:—

Mr. G. NICHOLSON, 4, St. Herbert street, Keswick. Mr. ARTHUR,

52, Beulah Road, Tunbridge Wells. (2 correct coupons).

Mr. W. E. T. WOOD, 8, Parade, Truto, Cornwall. Mr. E. PRIDGRON. 3, West Park Grove. Granville St,, Hull. Mr. H. PITTA'S!. 72, Fore Street, London.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWSHIP AT WAR- RINGTON. LOYAL ADMIRAL, NELSON_ LODGE,

WA It RINGTO N DIST RIOT.

PICNIC AND PRESENTATION.

The members of the Loyal admiral Nelson Lodgo of the Warrington District of the Independent Order of Oddtellows. (Manchester Unity) accompanied by their wives and friend, had a picnic ti New Brighton on Saturday. The party numbering about 45 left War- rington by the 1-50 p.m. train, and on arrival at New Brighton some visited the Tower whilst others enjoyed themselves on the sands. At 5-30 an excellent knife and fork tea was provided in the Tower Gardens. The re- turn journey was commenced at 8-30 all having spent a most enjoyable afternoon. Oa Mooday evening a smoking concert was held in the Druids Hall, Satikey-street, the principal business being the presentation of a beautifully illuminated address, and case of cutlery to Pro. C.S. J. Emson, in recognitbn of the services he has rendered to the lodge for twenty-five years as secretary ; a framed emblem to P.G. W. Holbrook; and a framed certificate to PG. S. Johnson. There was a large attendince,guests being present from Chester and Liver- pool. Prov. G. M.J. R Barnwell presided and amongst those present were. D.G.M. IL Rushton, JP., Prov. D.G.M. A. Salt, Prov. C.S.J. Emsen (secretary),director T Mills (Chester), P.P.G.M. George Wilkins (Liverpool), P.G.T. Wadsworth (district treasurer). P.P.G.M. F. Webster (treasurer), N.G.G.F. Freeman and V.G.H. Farrar (Prince of Wales LJdze), Mr David Houghton. D.C.S. (Order of Druids), PG 5. Johnson, and N.G.E. A Sanders The evening's entertainment commenced with a pianoforte solo by V.G.P. J Bate,which was cerdits ably rendered, and the toast of "The Queen "was en- thusiastically drunk. The toast of the " Manchester Unity" was proposed by P.P.G.M. F Webster and re- sponded to by D.G.M. R Rushton. Director 1' Mills con- tributed a recitation for which he was warmly appl,uiled land for a duet V.G.P.J. ad Br°, J Bate were vigorously encored.

The CHAIRMAN then called upon et.G.M. R Rushton to make the presentation to Prov. C S. Einson who he said had served his lodge very faithfully for the past 25 years as secretary. ,Applause.) D.G.M. R. RUSHTON said they could not have greater pleasure in calling upon him to make he presentation than he ha l in responding to the call. Wien they mentioned the matter t 3 him a few Vodka ago, he thought they would heir him out when he said that he told tht m toe should met have the slightest hesi- tation in doing so, if he was in good health. He hid had a roam* squeak in his health permitting him to come that day, as that week end he caeeht a bad cold, and it was certainly his persistency in the matter that overcame the suggestions of his better half, not to come there. (Laughter.) Be ctim s at the risk of doing him- self more harm :han good, but he thought he would be doing more good than harm to the brethren at Warring- ton, and he hoped he should not have done himself any harm. He was sure they were all of the same opinion that he should come there if possible, to perform the duty of making a presentatian t 3 a member of a lodge in the Warrington district.—Bro. Emson, with whom he had had the pleasure of acquaintance dating a consider- able number of years. He na I never had cause to reeret having made his acquaintance. (Hear, hear.) From the course the lodge toad taken in making that hand- some presentation to one with whom they had Ihvn associated with for 25 years, it was evident that they had held him in very high esteem up to the present time. Bro. Emson ha l that day attained hia 56th year.—(Applause.)—and he was was sure they in Warringten were to be complimented upen having such a youtloul looking man at 56. (Laugh- ter.) It was not every man who was 56 years old who carried his colours like Bro. Drives_ it was no nv•ae matter to be secretary of a lodge with 210 members, for it required a man to devote a gr.eit deal of time which might otherwise be split in pleasant relaxations. It must have been a good thing for the lodge to have had Bro. Dustin as secretary for 25 years. Thelfact of them giving him that testimonial was intended to convey to him that they had always looked upon him as a man worthy of the office lie held, and worthy of their esteem and recogultion. (Flear, hear.) Ile did not know whether the views of Brother Emson had always been acted upon in the ledge during the 25 years he bad been secretary, but if they had not in the past, he thought they would be in the future. He asked them to !If ip Bro. Errson in the work, and if they did so he was sure ta think as well of t -tem as he did for making that handsome presentation to him. In offering the pres-fnt to him as the medium between the

Lodge and himself (Bro. Emson) let him a.sure hirn personally that he meant every word be had spoken. He had known him for a great many years, sod we.s glad to find that they thought well of him, as he was sure they ought te ao. if they had itn.-iw him as long as he. The form of the presentation was of a very sensible character. as there was something substantial as well as ornamerital. There were knives, forks, spoons, and other articles in the case, and he hoped that on his table he wou!d always be able to find the victuals upon which to use them. (Applause) He would ask Bro. Salt to read the address.

Bro. SALT then rral the address which was as follows : —" Loyal Admiral Nelson Lodge, Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity,Friendly Society. Brother John Einson, P.P.G.M., Prov. C.S. We, the membera of the Loyal Admiral Nelsen Lodge, of the Warrington District beg your acceptance of thiii illumiviated address, as a small expression of our hearty congratulations on the occasion of your completing 25 years as secretary to the lodge. The loyal, roliiitoble, and untiring manner in which you have carried out the arduous duties of your position till us with a spirit of emulation and we sin- cerely trust that for many years to come, you snay be blessed with a full measure of health and happiness to enable you to still ahine in ou: midst as a brilliant example of true odelfellowship. In asking your accept- ance of this address, we trust you will consider the same a sincere token of the esteem in which you are held, and as you te-day complete the 56th year of your life we sincerely wish you very many happy returns of the day and trust thao for many years to come we shall enjoy the counsels of yeur long experience. Signed on behalf of the members, this 18;h day of September4B99, Ernest A. Sanders, N.G.; P. T. W. Babber- ley, E.S.; J. R. Barnwell, Prey. GAL; F. Healing, L.G.M ; F. Webster, treasurer." The address had been most tastefully executed by N.G. Sanders. D.G.M. R. RU:.;HTON said that what had been re- corded by the pen was the feeling of the members which, in the future they would never be able to obliter- ate. He hoped they would never have good cause or a just claim to be allowed to do so. (Applause) A certificate of merit was theu presented to P.G. Johnson. P.O.W. Holbrook should have received a framed emblem hut did not attend the meeting. Prov. C.S J. Emsoisr,who was receiy, d with tle. sieging of " He's a jolly good fell-ity,” and loud cheers. suit..b:y returned thanks. He was of tho opinion that every workingman should join some friendly society aed make provision for his old age, which he thought the G.vern- trient of this country would never make. In conc,uoion he thanked them very minti for the present, and thanked the Chairman and members of other societies for being present. (Applause.)

Bro. .JOENSON abp; rpied, avd said he would endeavour to do more for the Lodge than 119 bad done in the past.

During the remainder of the evening, recitations and songs were given by differeat members of the Lodge, and several toasts wero hnM,PI. The proceedings terminated with the aitial votes of thanks. GARABA.LDI LODGE. The annivPrsary of the G srahaldi Lod re of the Inde- pendent Order of 0 ldfellows, was celebrated on Situ', day. A gond number lett Warrington in three convey- ances at 2.15 p.m and bad a drive to Hatton, stopping at GrapP,nhall Church, and the Cat and Liar', Stretton, a game of b.iwls being played at Stretton. A knife and fork teL was par'aken of at tke Lange House in tie and afterwards a short enterttinment was held. Bro. Charles Chidlaw presided, being supported by Sieretary Dickn,son, Bros. Crosby and Smith. The to ,at of the " Q•reea and Royal Family " was proposed by Bro. J. J. Bands, and was carried with musical honours. Tie toast of" The L)dze " was pr,posed be Bro. J. Hog'ies. the Secretary responding. The Chair- man then eals upon Bro. JaM.4 Smith to present to Bro. Thom ,s Gr gona be lu'itudy framsd emblem cf the Order for ,:ervices rend •rd to the lodge. Bro. Smith epolte in high praise ol' Bro. Gregson, rPma:king- that hi had never seen a mor,i wil:ing worker, nothing over b'ing too much for him, no matter hew d!ffictalt„ and that it gave him great pleasur, indeed to presdnt the emblem on behalf of the indp. Bro. Gregaert replied in Fuitab:e terms, and the cyhtr part of the programer 0 was then proceeded witt Syr!rs were giv,n by Bro.. W. Emson, Moss, M.:Do-ad, Torn Richardson, J(rn Richardson, klbt,rt Itichard.on. Orden, Smith,anc; Hart- ley, and also by Mr. Hands and Mr. Birchall, all la,.irg ably accompaaied by Mr. Hozsfied. A vote of thanks to the host and host,ss, prop,sed by Bro. Crossley, seconded by Ho. Rants, b ruVit the proceedings to a close.

CLOSING OF CHRi,T U URCH DAY SCHOOLS. Owing to the outbreA of scarlet fever and irea.,les in Latchford it has been decided to close these echoole for a short liras.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
UNSOLICITED TESTIUONY:

No. I.—Mr. Owen, Ty Main Farm, Newborough, writes as follows :—" I can give the h‘ghest praise to the valuable remedy, Gwilcm Evans' Quinine Bitters. I had long suffered from D,‘:iility anti Weakness, and really thought I should never recwer. My medical men were privately of the same opinion. But when I commenced taking this Precious Me licine. to my great surprise and joy, as well as that of tny family ; I rapidly improved, and now feel myself quite another being ; and' shall ever praise Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters as The Best Remedy for Debility and Weakness." No 2.—Mr. Edwards, of Williamstown, writes as fol- lows :—" I can safely say that Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters have done wonders for me. after suffering for twelve months from Debility, and trying several doctors and different remedies without any benefit, I was ad- vised to try Gwilytn Evans' Quinine Bitters, and the re- sult has been good." No. 3. \tr. Brooks, 89, Kelsbaw-atreet. Liverpool, writes as follows I have suffered from Indigestion and Liver Complaint for many years, but after taking the Wonderful Medicine,Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, for only two months, I am happy to say it has given me great relief." No. 4.—Mr. Evans," 41, Henry-street, Birmingham. writes as follows :—" I have very great pleasure in bearing testimony to the benefit I ha me received from taking Gwilym Eqans' Quinine Biters. lam never without a bottle in the house, and it is invaluable to me. I suffered very much from Indigestion, Nervous- ness, and Debility, and often I had very severe pains in my head, so that to me it has proved quite a boon, as I can rely upon it to give me relief. I confidently recom- mend it to every one I meet who suffers in the same way, and my recommendation has always proved a blessing." No. S.—Mrs. Kirkham, 31, Dunstall-street, Wolver- hampton, writes as follows :—" I have suffered from Indigestion and Yarns in the Head from three to four years, but after taking two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, 1 feel completely cured, and never felt better in my life." No. 6.—Mr. Williams, 11, Surrey-lane, Battersea, writes as follows —" I shall not fail to recommend Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters to all sufferers that come under my notice, as it is a Medicine that I have proved to be more excellent even than what you profess it to be. This World-renowned Prsparation is sold in bottles 24 9.4 and 43 6d eaeh everywhere,or the Proprietors will forward direct on receipt of stamps to the above value, carriage free. The Sole Proprietors are The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing C mpsny, Limited. Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. This is most im- portant. When purchasing, always see the name " Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle,withrout which none are genuine. GWILYAI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYII EVANS' QUINDTE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

THE ASSAULT ON A WORKEI USE PORTER-PRISONER CC,NIMITTED TO GAOL. _ .

At the Warringt-on-Poliee Court on Friday, before the Mayor (in the chair), and other magistrates, William Swan was charged, he being an inmate ef the ca mat ward at the Workhouse, with refusing to perform the task set him by the porter on the 6th September, and also with assaulting Samuel Fernside, the porter.—Mr. shearer said th it prisoner had been remanded twice. Since last Friday he was glad to say the porter had re- covered and was gning on very well. The magistrates would now be abie to deal with the case.—Samuel Fern- side the porter, said thst on the sth just, Swan was admitted to the casual ward. He (w•tness) asked him if he had any money and he replied that he had not. Everything went right until the next morning, when he was putting the men to work. Prisoner then said he had 101. the previous night, and if he would let him out he would say nothing about it. Witness told him he wonld have to do his work before he went out, and told him to saw some wood. fle refused and he pnt him in the stone cell and b.4ted the door. He had not gone far when Swan bursted the door open and struck him a blow en the head with a hammer.—Mr. Shearer: Prisoner said last week that you kicked him.—Witness I did not touch him at all.—Continuing, Fernside said the wound on his head had given him great pain for four days.—William Broughton an inmate, gave corro- borative evidence.—Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT OF A SOVEREIag AT HATDOCE.

At the Warrington Oceesienal Court on Saturday, before Mr. Armitage, Thorny; Armstrong was charge i with stealing a sovereign from a tin box in the bedroom of a dwelling-house in Flaydock, between 11. a.m. and 11-30 p.m. on the 9th September, the money of Patrick Claney.—Patrick Clancy said he was a collier and resid,d at 21, New B-ston Cottag s. Flayleck. He knew the prisoner who lodged in the house till the 9-,h inst. At about 11 o'clock on the 9-,h he left a sovereign in a tin box in his bedroom. He locked the box with two locks and Came downstairs. Prisoner was in the kitchen and asked him to lend him threepence. Ho said he had only got threepence and wanted a quart of beer. He refused to lend him the money and left the house. When he re- turned at night he went to his bedroom, and found that the box had been forced open mad the dovereien had gone. He gave information to the police. —Sarah Arran aged 17, and residing in Churc'e-road,Flaydock,seid that at 5 p.m. on Saturday, she went to the house where Clancy lived. There wts no one in the kitchen but a 4 she was going away she heard a noise on the stairs. On going to the bottom of the stairs she saw prisoner com- ing down. Ile said " I think they are all out of the house," and she went away.—Alice Sutton, wife of Thomas Settee, said 411.1 kept a groceres shop in Penny- lane, Ellydock. Oa the d ite in question, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, prisoner came in and throwine a sovereign on the ;Tenter asked her to lend him ss. en it. She told him she dare not and changed it for him. He paid 3d. that he owed her and bought two boxes of matches. She eave him 19s. 83. change. —P.C. Thompson said that at 10 p m. on Thursday he apprehended prisoner at his home at 7, Back Hope-st., Oldham, where he lead traced him. He brought him to Haydock Police Stalon on the fallowing day and charged him with the theft. He made no reply.—Pri- soner, who had aothiog to say, was remanded to the Warrington County Petty Sessions held en Wednesday. —When broueht before the m .gistrates on Wednesday, prisoner pleaded not guilty—Further evidence was given by Jane Davidsonlwith whom Armstrong lodged.— Prisoner said that on Friday he drew his week's wages. He paid hislandlady 121. 61.,and went out and got some beer. Next morning he found he had ss. 61. left. He asked Clancy to lend him threepence but he refused to do so. He went out and spent the rest of his money in drink When he returned home he pawned a pair of trousers for 2s. 31. He sent for a quart of beer, and went out and spent the rest in drink. His sister-in-law lived op- posite to Mrs. Sutton's shop. and he went in there and had a drink. When he left the house he met a mate and he paid for some beer, not hiving any less change than a sovereign he went in Mrs. Sutton's shop and asked her to lend him ss. on it. Mrs. Sutton changed the sover- eign and he pail her some money that he owed her and bought some match's. He went to Manchester the fol- lowing day, but left his adduss with Mrs. Davidson.— Superintendent Morgan said prisoner had been before the magistrates five times previously. —lie was tow committed to prison for two months with hard labour. ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT BY A COMMERCIAL TRAVELLER.

At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday, Frederick W. Poole. a respectably dressed man, was charged on a warrant with embezzling the sum of £3, the moneys of Messrs. J Crosfield and Sons Limited, on the 10th November 1898. and later within a period of six months, the sum of £8 Bs. 64.—Mr. Browne appeared for the prosecutora, and Mr. Thomas S. Steel defended, —Mr. Browne said that the prisoner had not only embezzled the sums named in the charge, but another £2O which he kept with him for current ex- penses. He was a traveller for the firm and his salary was £3 a week and all expenses. The district he worked was around Norwich and Ipswich, and his duty WAS to receive the money from customers and either send it to Warrington or bank Mat the place where he was staying. Everything went on all right for atime, but on the 14th November Messrs. Crosfield received a certain state- ment (handed to the magistrates) and later on had a letter stating that t3risoner had lost the money and promised to make it good, but he suddenly disappeared from Ipswich. It was found out that his furniture was stored in London,and so the police watched for him,and he was afterwards arrested. He intended to plead net guilty. It would be necessary to hring three witnesses, and,the sum embezzled being aver 40s..prisoner should be committed to the Quarter Sessiens for trial. A repre- sentative from Messrs.Crosfield's wcrks would swear that the letter, Ecc., was written by the prisoner.— Mr. Robert Bruce Murray, an accountant in the employ of Messrs Crosfield said that the money had never been paid in. It was prisoner's duty to send the money to Warrington or ply it into the bank. The total amount musing WAS between £3O and £36, £2O of which he had been allowed for his excenses.—Mr Steel said that prisoner's wages had been reduced to £2 which ameunt included his expenses. Witness said he did not know of that.—Mr Steel said that Poole had in;tructed him to say that whatever money he had rec, ived had been paid in to the credit of Messrs Crosfield; and if it had not arrived at Messrs Cresfield's it was not his fault.—Mr Browne asked where he had paid the money in.—Mr Steel said he 1-,ad not had the opportunity of ascertaining that as prisoner was only brought to Warring,ton the previous night. He understood that Mr Browne would ask for a remand for a week. He should like the magistrates to

make an order for to prisoner remain in the cells at War- rington so that he might be able to see him and obtain more instructionfrom him.—Prisoner was remanded for a w.ek. the Bench granting the order for him to remain at Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Ladies' Ailments.

Speedy relief will be derived by taking at once Mrs. St Clair's famous 'Specific." Known for 20 years as the Safest' and Most Effectual Medicine of its kind. Cures all Irregu- larities and Promotes and Maintains Regular Health. Testi- monials Daily. Avoid Imitations. Post free (under corer), ss. per case. lIRP. N. Sr. CLAIR 46, Southampton Build- ings. London. W.C. Particulars ant Advice for Stamped Address. N.B.—Not to be taken for illegal Purposes.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RINO It CASEb.

WARRINGTON BOROUGII POLICE COMIC.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Alderman Roberts, Councillor Stnethurst, Dr. Gomall and Messrs. S. Wright and Hepherd. Asisuur ON A FoRSIER POLICEMAN. —William Curley was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge•stro-t at 5-5 the previous evening aad with assaulting Josepla Healey at the same time,—Joseph Healey said that at the time in qu-stion he was in Budge-s•reet, going to the Lechford one when prisoner carne up and taking hold of his coat asked him if he was in the police force. tie replied that he resigned in August. Prisoner then said he had given him a month and would fight him. He then struck him in the che,t ant kick,' his leg. He made use of filthy language in the he tring of ladies. P.O Rylatt came on the scene and locket him up. He (Heiley) had never seen the man before in his life.—Corroborative evidence having be-n given prisoner was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour.

APPRENTICES SUMMONED.—EIeanor Crookes, 11, Albert-st., was summoned for leaving her work at Messrs. Platt, Wil- kinson, and Co.'s, to whom she was apprenticed, on the 21st Augu.t, causing a loss to theal of 6s.—Mr. Wilkinson timid that defendant left her work on the 21st August and re- turned the following aft?rnoon, but WAS again away on Tues- day and Friday of the neat week. She never made full Lime, and he asked for an 0 der for her to return to work and pay the costs.—The order was made.—itleanor Hum- phries, Buckley's-yard, was summoned for leaving her work on the 24t1a July, causing a loss of 14s.—D,fendant did not appear:and a warrant WAS graated for her apprehension. An order was made upon Mary Ann Pouter, 1, Back Albert- street, who had not been to work since August 21st, to return to her employment. OE3CENE LiNGUAGE.—AnWe Cavne, Guardian-street, was summoned by Kate Griffiths, Guardian-street, for making use of obscene language towards her on September lst.—Mr. Browne appeared for complainant, and defendant was repre- sented by Mri Forshaw. —Mr. Browne said it was not an ordinary case of bad language, as defendant used most filthy language to a young girl, and also made a charge against ministers in town in the public street. On the day in ques, lion Mrs. Griffiths, the complainant, who lived next but one to the defendant was standing at the door watchiug her daughter go to work. The girl stopped to speak to defendant and, as it was time she was going to work, Mrs. Griffiths told her to go to work. befebidnnt then turned round and used most filthy language. Complainant cleaned a chapel in ; town. and defendant made char4es against ministers. She also made use of obscene language towards the girl.—Evi- , dence in support of this statement having been given, M:. Forshaw said that his client absolutely denied having made use of the language. She was a respectable woman and he did not think she would be guilty of such conduct, Accord- ing to his instructions complainant spat in Mrs. Ca.yne's face She spoke to her about her conduit but did not use ally Dad language.—Defendant was fined in the costs (18S.) SITURDAY.—Before Messrs. Birchall (in the chair), and R. T. Fairclough.

IMPROPER BEHAVIOUR IN BANK —PARK—William Rigby was sent to gaol for two months for improper behaviour in Bank Park on Friday morning. WANTED To BE LOCKED UP.—James Gorry was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-streat at 7.10 the previous night. —P.C. Millington said he saw prisoner in Buttermarket-street at the time named. He was drunk. and said he had no na oney and no shelter, and was going to break a win low so that he would be locked up. He went to a window and wild( it with his fist. Witness took him to the Polise Station —Fined 5s and costs or 7 days. *.SIA NEGLIGENT FATHER WELL PUNISHED.—Henry Fox, last from Wellington, Sdp, was charged wh.h running away from the Borough, leaving his wife and two ch'ldren chargeable to the c ,meson funds of the Warrington Union.— Mr. T. J. Garnett nrosecWed on behalf of the Guardians. He said he was rather at a disadvantage, as he had only known about the case for a short time. During the whole of their married life, prisoner and, his wife had had a very unhappy time. Prisoner had left his wife repeatedly, and friends had assisted her until they were tired of doing so. The last time the man left her they refused to help the woman, and on August 13th she applied to the Guardians for relief. She was ordered to the House. and was admitted on the Ist September. Through the assistance of Hon.'s she was able to leave on the 4th. Before be left ker. prisoner was employe' by Messrs. F tirclough. He draw his wages on Friday night and arranged to meet her in town on Satur- day night. He never turned up, however, and decamped with his wages. It was a very bad case, and the Guardians wished it to be pressed. Prisoner had so neglected his wife that she had had to take out a pedlar's license to make a living. It was one of the worst cases they had had for some time —Prisoner sal.: he would pay the money if they would give him time.-11r. Birchall : Have you any trust in the promises he would make ?-11r. Garnett : Not the slightest. —The Chairman (to prisoner) : Could you offer us any security that you will pay the money.—The Clerk : It is not a question of paving. It is a criminal off ance.— Prisoner was committal to gaol tor two months with hard laboar. IfoNDir.—Befare Mr. Birdsall (in the chair) Councillor Smethurst, and Mr. S. Wriglit.

CA9E WITHDRAWN.—The case agiinst S;rak Jane littannion who was charged with neglec into raainttiu her children, was withdrawn, it being stated that she had taken them from the Workhouse. _ _

DRUNKENNES9.—Thoma3 Sweeney, 3, New-street. North- winh, and William Ilawitt, 11, D itton-street, Warringtou, were fined 5s for belnz drunk aril disorderly.

DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT OF MEN AT SANKEY BIUDGES Albert Clarke, labourer, 10, Brown-street, WAS charged with being drunk ant disorderly in Liverpool-road on the 19th September. —He pleaded not guilty.— P.O.Carter said that at 11-15 p.m. on the date in question he was in Liverpoo'-road when he heard screams and shouts of "murder." Seeing a large crowd of people collected he went to see what was the cause of the disturbance, and saw de- fendant with his brother. He was very drunk and pulled his coat off and wanted to fight A man complained to him that his wife hat been assaulted by the men. S canes of this kind oeaurrei every Saturday night.—William Drink water, who resides at Dale-street, said that on Saturday night he was going home on the 'bus. Defendant WAS on the 'bus and hit his (witnesse's) wife. When tbey were getting off the 'bus prisoner said ha would "shift the lot of them." He was very drunk s.nd used filthy language.—Jane Drinkwater, Thomas Partington. and Blizt Drinkwater corroborated. —Defen tent said there was a bother going on at the end of Barnard street, and he WAS watching, when tte constable came un and took his name and address. —The Chairman : Became you were doing no- thing . Defendant Yes sir--George Savago said that defendant did nothing but sing on the top of the 'bus. He was watching a " row "at the top of Bernard-street when P.C. Carter took his name and address.—Asked by Superintendent Monaghan if the defendant was drunk, wit- ness said he was neither drunk nor eoher.—Superintendent Monaghan : What was he then ? —We was half and half. Were you half-ant-half ? Yes sir.—The Chairmen : Just in the condition to do mischief ; not helplessly drunk bet crazily drunk.—Defendant was fined ha the costs which amounted to 15s.—Thomas Carter, brother of the first defen- dant, was subsequently charged with making use of obscene language at the same time and place.—P.C. Carter said that defendant Came up and said that if his br ether was locked up he would make them all kiss the zround before the night was out. He repeated it several times and witness re- ported him. Corroborative evidence having been given, de- fendant WAS ordered to pay the costs of the case (15s 65). The Chairman said that men like defendant seemed to us: in- genuity in inventing the vilest and most abominable phrases that c.euld be put into the Briglish language. He hoped men would take warning, as the police had instr.wistis to bring anyone up who used each language. VEHICLES WITHOUT MOH Ps. —For having no lights attached to their vehicles on the 9th ins" Thomas Burns. 9, Dutton-street, an m d Daniel Rosbotha, 14. King-street, were each fined 2a 63.-1 n the case of the former it was stated by P.C. tiibbs that the cart %hie!' defelaelant was driving, in turning round knoeked a gas lamp down.—Defendant staked he had paid the damage done which amounted to El 19s. sd. WEDNESDAY—Before Messrs. Geddes (in the chair) and

===== 0002601_18990922_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
13irchail.

"Guy Hti LIVING nvlVlGurryo " —Patrilk Gallagher was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Friars Green at 123 the previous morning. A Constable said that at the time in question ho was called to a house on Friars Green, where an old lady who was an invalid lived. Prisoner was in the house creating a disturbance, witnass ejected him, but when he got into the street he pulled his coat off and wanted to fight anyone on Friar' Green He said he got his living by fighting. Witness was nmpelled to lock him up—Fined ss. and costs or seven days. WIFE ASSAULT.—Joieph Birchall was charged with assault- ing his wife on the 18th September.—Comniairtant stated that her husband came home drunk on th-. 18th September, and she offered him his tea. He caught hold of her by the hair, and threaf,ened to "finish her off," and then kicked her in the eye wito his clog. That sort of thing had been going on for a long time. Prisoner denied kicking his wife in the, eye.—Ha was sent to prison for a month.

TIEURSDIT-.—Before Ir. John Fairclough (chairman), and

Alderman Blackhurst..

A MoTHER CHARGED WITH NEGLECTING HER CHILDREN. Charlotte Plunkett, widow, 13. Stamford-attest, was charged with neglecting her four children—Mary, Frank. Maggie and Tames, in such a manner as to cau e them unneceessry suf- fering and injury to health.---Inspecter Hackett of the N.S.P.C.C. stated that at 12-20 he visited the house occupied by the prisoner. He found her and the four children in the house. One boy was lying on the floor; two children were lying on a wooden squab, and the other was standing against the table. Thete were no beds or bedclothing in the house, and the children were undressed. He could find no food in the house and there was very little fire. He asked the woman if she had any money and she replied that she had spent all. The family was in an utterly destitute condition, and ha removed the children to the workhouse and the woman was brought to the Police t- tat ion.—ln reply to the magistrates, the Inspector said two of the cnildren were illegitimate —On the application of the Inspector the case was adjourned until to- lay (Saturday). Scritoor. ArrENnitrcE CasEa —The following parents were dealt with for neglect,ng to cause their children to attend school regularly :—Ambrose Fl-her, 75. Hoyle-street, forge• man, order made for the child to attend school ; Sarah Delooze, 73. Hove-street. case adjourned for a month ; William Meek, 16, Dudley-street, case withdraw ; Benjamin Matthewman, 3, Scott-street, order for child to attend Silver- street school ; John Owen, 41, Oliver-street, case withdrawn; Edgar James Woods. 14, Margaret-street, ;sojourned ' • John Daniels, 14, Railway-square, order f .1' child to attend Heath- side-school ; Samuel Barker. 36. Lythgoes-lane, 2s 6d, John Dunn, 16. Philip-street, forgernan. lOs ; Allan Wilkinson, 41. Hoyle-street. fo Remit, 5s ; William Lyttheoe, 20, Portland- street, labourer, boy sent to the ship 't Clio." and James scully. 35, School Brow, boy sent to Father Nugent's School.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
AV A RRINIITON COUN FY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY. —Before Messrs. S. R. Armitage fin the chair), J Bill and F. A Frost. DRUNK AND DISORDE LY.—Patrick Rowney WAS tined 2s 6,1 and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Southy‘ orth- with-croft on the 10th int.

REMOVING GOODS TO PREVENT DISTRAINT.—James Mc Portland was summoned tor removing goods from his house at Winwick on sth Septem'er in order to prevent distraint. —Mr. Robert Isherwood said that defendant owed 21s in rent He called at his house on the 4th, and defendant asked it he would be allowed to leave without paying the arrears. He (Mr. Isherwocd) told him he could not, but when he called again on the following Mondav,he found the house was ernp- 37. The value of the goods removed was from 30s to 22.—Mr. Isherwood stating that that he would be satisfied if he re eeived the amount of arrears, the magistrates ordered the

amount to be paid. EXEMP lION FROM VACCINATIIN. —John Bellairs. Padget., was granted an order for the exemption of his child from vaccination. He stated that he thought vaccination would inju .e the child. The Chairman thought the applicant was making a great mistake, but if he had a conscientious objec- tion they could not help that.--11r. BPllairs said he was sati,- fled to accept the 'responsibility. He thought many others would apply for exemption oaters if it was not for the trouble of going to court.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22 1899

RUNCORN PETI SESSIONS.

lioNDAy.—Before_ Kr. A, it. Normrin (in the chair) and

Mr. Ernest Spetkman.

A CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR.—Thomas William Walker applied for a certificate exempting his child Esther Walker, born on the 18th May last, from vaccination.—One ot his children nad died from the effects of vaccination. A doctor had certified that another child was not in a fit state for vaccination.— ['he Bench granted the certificate. Before Mr. James Handley (in the chair). Messrs. A. R. Norman, and Mr. Ernest Speakman.

NEGLECTING TO SUPPORT PARENTS.—WiIIiam Henry Millington. labourer. Hatchrner., near Kingsley, was sum- moned by John Frolsham, collector to the Runcorn Board of Guardians, for neglecting to maintain his mother, Ruth Millington, now chargeable t 3 the common fund of the Run- corn Union. Mr. Frodsharn asked for an onter for 2s per week towards the mother's maintenance. Defendant had signed an agreement to pay is 6,1 per week, but he had paid nothing. The Bench ordered the defendant to pay 2s per week, and the coats, lie GA.—Alfred Burkhill, labourer, Kingsley, was summoned for the non-payment of £2 7s 6d arrears and costs due under an order made on the 11th June, towards the support of his mother. Defeudant said he really could not pay. Mr. Frodsham said the committee had written off £1 10s, and the amount now due was £2 3s and costs. Defendant spent his money in the public-house. His mother would be very glad if he would go away. He was imposing on the old woman. Me had been drinking and had gone home, and his mother had to keep him.—The Chairman: We shall make an order for this amount to be paid within a week, together with the costs, 93 6i, or in default, 33 days imprisonment.

6ROFANE LANGUAGE.—Catherine Massey, Brunswick-3t Runcorn, was, on the evidence of Inspector Hicks. fined lOs including colts for using obs3ene or profane language in Massey's-court, on the 23rd August. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. —James CrOrriptOn. Canal-Street, was summoned for being (trunk and disorderly in Halton- road on the Bth September.—P.C. Wilson proved the case. stating that the prisoner was in such a state that he took him home.—The Chairman : You will be fined 53. or seven days. Don't get drunk again.—De'endant I have had none since, min, and I don't think I will any more. ;Laughter.)—Bdwarcl McCann. 21 Fryer-street, for b sing drunk and disorderly in Fryer-atr.Nst, on the 9ch September as proved by P.C. Wilso 1, was fined ss, or seven days.— Michael Flannery, for being drunk in Halton-road, on the 17th September, as proved uy P.C. Wilson, .was fined 23. 6., or in default seven days' hard labour. FOR AN UMBRELLA STA:fn.—John Ant robus was charged On remand with stealing a sewer pipe, value Ss. the property of the Bridgewater Trustees at Weston :Point. on the 14th September.—P.C. Wylie stated that about 4 a.rn. on Thursday the 14th September, he was on duty at Weston Point, and saw the prisoner in Souh-roa I opposite his own house. He was in possessim of the sewer pipe produced, and witness asked him where he got it from and he said from the salt works. He further said " I got up early to knoc c up my lads to go to the cnernical works ; so I thought I would go and fetch it as my wife wanted it to make an umbrella stand." Witness made inquiries, and found the pipe belonged to the Bridgewater Trustees.—Thlmas Harrison, of the Stanley Arms. Runcorn. stated that there were .a nurnher of pipes, similar to the one produced, on land in his occupa- tion. Thare were ten at first, and the pipe was one of four which rema.ned. The others had disappeared at different times.—The prisoner. who bed been out on bail, said he di I not intend to steal the pipe. He thought he was taking it for safety, so that people should not break it. (Laughter.)— The Bench treated the prisoner as a first offender and boned him over in the sam o: 435. to come up for judgment when called tspon.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON.

COMING EVENTS.

A bazaar in aid of the funds of Latchford Baptist Church will be held in the schoolroom, Wash-lane, Latchford, on Wednesday, Thursday,and Friday, next week. It will be opened on the firs day at 2.30 by Miss Naylor, of Cuerdon Hall, and Mr' R. A. Naylor will preside. On Thursday it will ha opened by Mrs. William Pierpoinr. Councillor Pier- point will give an address, and Mr. W. Davidson will be th,. chairman. A formal ceremony will also take place on Friday.

A.IC for CUNNINdIi.LM'S HIG-11-OLASS MINERAL WATSE.S.--Advt.

PERSONAL.

While cub hunting with the Belvoir hounds on Saturday, Mr. Cyril Greenall, a cousin of Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. (the master), mat with a nasty acci- dent. The pack met at A 4 warby,and during a yimit to Sir George Whichcote',4 coverts a horse ridden by another sportsman severely kicked Mr. Greenall on the leg. This caused his retirement from toe chase and on returning to Aswarby Station it was found that ;his shiq hal 'neon badly injured. Warm firnentations considerably alleviated the pain, but the special train which cmveyed the hunting party was delayed nearly: an hour before Mr. Greenall could proceed home to Woo!sthoroe. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FaR BEST BOOTS IN I.LNCASHItig.—Advt. YOUNG- NIEN'S CHRISTIA.N ASSOCILTION. •

At the Uillal P.S.A. meeting held on Sunday, the chair was o!cupied by I,lr. W. IVoods. An earnest address was delivered by Mr. ileary Taylor, F.C.M., his subject being "Righteousness exalten a nation." He gave many striking comparisons bet wen oar own and other countries. his references to France and the Dreyfus trial called forth expressions of sympathy from the audience. Mr. Rowlands contri- buted two violin solos which were greatly apprecia- ted. The accompanist was Mr. G. B. flolforl, and Mr. Athert.m presided at the organ. Mr. Windle and Sir. C. tiriakvvver also took part in the ser- vice. MIST BOOTS FOR ALL. UNDIM THE CLOCK. Advt• BOLD-STREET CECOIR.

The members of this choir had a most enjoyable trip to Llandudno on Monday. The party lett Bank Quay Station at 8-17 am., in a special saloon, and arrived at their destinatien in good time. The catering was entrusted to the managers of the Nietropole Hotel, where dinner and tea were served in first class style to the satisfactioa of all the visi- tors. After dinner the party drove to Conway Castle and greatly enjoyed an inspection of the ruins of the hietorical building. The weather was very fine and the drive was greatly appreciated. After tea, the presentation of a handsome toilet set as a wedding gift to Mrs. Thompson, a late member of the c'loir, was made by Mrs. Taylor, who, in a few well-chosen w3rls, wished the bride and her husband much happiness. Mrs. Thompson very feelingly responded, and thanked the members of the choir for their kindness and good wishes. Votes of thanks were proposed by Mr. Peter Harrison(the organist) t 3 Mr. Taylor and the trustees of Bold- street for generously defraying the cost of the picnic, also to Mr. Cooks, station master at Bank Qoav, for providing the saloon.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHY.

PRIMING FOR LOIN OFFECE, PRINTING FOR INSURINCE OFFICES,

PRIMING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIE LIES. PRIMING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

PRINTING FOR CORPO ATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COAPINEE-;, PRIN riNG FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCFIES,

Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues, Conditions (-4 Sale. Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls, &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rul.s, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, lkiemorandum s, Work Notes, Ili I I Hetds, Business Visiting and Mourning Ctrds, Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merch tnts, Manufacture s.Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial.

ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY, AND ECONOMICALLY

MODERN MErEIODS. LOAESC PRICES.

MODERN PLANT. QUICK DESPATCH, AND GOOD PRIMING.

!TWIN WALKER A:TD CO. ARTISTIC PRINTERS EXAM IN ER OFFICE, iiEWSEY S MEET WARRING ON.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

At a meeting of the Committee of this c -mpetition the following permits were granted :—J T Simpson (Oldham Belgrave), A Boothroyd (Huddersfield), J W Turner (Falinge), A Allen (Swinton), G 0 Beardswell (Stock- port), J D Moffatt (Sunderland Hornets), all to play with Rochdale Homes; A Holt (Heckmondwike), R Valentine (Swinton), with Tyl.lesley ; J Moore (Whitehaven), with Millom ; T Reynolds (St. Helens) and J Sunderland (Radchffe and Swinton), with Broughton Rangers ; J Power ( Vidnes Rangers), G Tunnings (Longford White Star), II Varley, R Waving, and W J Brennan (Widnes Rangers), and W Weak (Widnes White Star), with Widnes ; A Dugan and W Hodgson (Hull), with Stock- port ; W Pennington (White Rose), D Plunkett (Dar House Lane, Littleborough, and Howarth,) with St. Helens; T Mitchinson (BI,ickpool), and Wigan; A Morris (Salford St. Bartholomew's), with Salford---J Davidson (Stockport), who has been suspended since last season tor charging, attended to state his case. He was sus- pended until October 1. Foster, of the Runcorn A team, for charging an oppone it, was suspended up to and in- cluding October 14. Maguire of St. Ele!ens, charged with a similar offence, did hot appear, and was sus- pended pending his attendance.—Leigh were fined 15s for late start at Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JUNIOR CUP TIES.

At a meeting of the Committee of the Lancashire Section of this Union, held ia Manchester, Mr. J. H. Smith presiding, the following clubs were admitted to honorary membersnip :—Pendleton St. Augustine's,War- rington St. Mary's, Fle,twood Recreation, and Wigan S. Joseph's. The dates of the junior cup ties were fixed, viz.: First round, March 17; second round,March 21; third round, March 31 ; seini-tinal, April 7 ; final, April 21. The county was divided into four divisions for the purposes of these cup ties, viz. :—Division 1 : First round—byes : Fleetwood, Leigh Shamrocks, Fleet- wood Recreaton, and Wigan St. Joseph's. Second round: Fleetwood v Leigh Shamrocks, Fleetword Recreation v Wigan St. Joseph's. Third round : Fleetwood or Leigh Shamrocks v Fleetwood Recreation or Wi ,an St. Joseph's. Division 2: First round : Barrow St. George's v Dal- ton. Byes : Carnforth, Ulverston, and Askam. Second round : Carnforth v Ulverston, Askam v Barrow St. George's or Dalton. Third round : Carnforth or Ulverston v Askam, Barrow St. George's, or Dalton. Division 3 : —First round : Flixton v Pendleton St. Augustin9's, Fletcher. Russell and Co. v Warrington St. Mary's. Byes: Pendleton and Salford St. Bartholomew's. SeJond;Round : Pendleton v Fletcher, Russell, and Co. or Warrington St. Mary's, Salford St, Bartholomew's v Flixton or Pendleton St. Augustine's. Division 4:— First round : Rochdale Athletic v Lees. Byes : Glenby Hornets, Rochdale Rangers. and Abbey Hills. Second Round : Glenby Hornets v Rochdale Athletic or Lees. Rochdale Rangers v Abbey Hills. Third Round Roch- dale Rangers or Abbey Hills v Glenby Hornets, Rochdale .thletic, or Lees. Semi-final ties :—Winner of division 3 • winner of division 4, winner of division 2 v whirler of division 1. The final will be played on April 21. Matches in each case except the final to be playa 1 on the ground of the club first mentioned.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

EARGESTOWN ROVERS V. LATCHFORD BniTTANIA. Played at Earlestown on Saturday. After a well-con- tested game, the Ravers came out winners by five goals to one.

EARLESTOWN V. SOUTHPORT CENTRAL. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.—Earlestown's third fixture in this league was decided on Saturday, when they met Southport Central, at Southport. The Central are considered extremely dangerous opponents on their own ground ,and it was no matter of surprise when it became known in Earlestown that victory rested with Southport by five goals to nil. The game was played before about 2,500 spectators in fine weather. The Central started and faced the sun. The opening exchanges were very even, but the Central soon dashed off, and the Earlestown backs were kept busy. fleyes cleared his lines, however, and midfield play followed. From a free kick Wilmington had a grand chance of scoring. He missed the opportunity. but Baxendale nipped in and scored a soft goal fifteen minutes after play commenced. Baxendale had another opening immediately afterwards, but delayed shooting, and was smartly robbed. Cunliffe sent wide, but Hal- lows nearly scored with a clever screw shot which struck the net. Cunliffe, however, put the rCentral two in front with a fine shot, which Chew missed altogether. Settle and Lincoln were conspicuous for Earlestown, hut the attack was smartly repulsed. Lang scored a third god. Half-time—Southport, 3; Earlestown, 0. Final— Southport Central, 5 ; Earlestown, 0.

EA RLESTOWN SHAMROCKS V PRESCOT ATHLETIC. —This match under the auspices of the St. Helens and District League (lit Division) was played on the Brookfield ground on Saturday. The Shamrocks are a newly formed organisation and up to last Saturday they had played two matches, both away from home,and had won in each c se, Councillor Forster started the game on be- half of the Shamrocks who had to fare a strong winddn the presence of a very fair sprinkling of spectators. The opening stages were decidedly in favour of the homesters and a fine piece of work by T. Owen enabled Isherwood to score their first goal in the first minute. The visitots livened up after this but the Shamrocks' defence easily repulsed all efforts to score. The pace at the he inning was too fast to last long and play eventu- ally settled down in midfield neither side claiming any material advantage. As the interval drew near the visitors made strenuous efforts to equalise,but until four minutes laefore the whistle blrw,they failed to make any impression on the Sl.amrocks' defence, the ball then be- ing rushed past Ward trona a scrimmage. Half-time, Shamrecks one, Presc it one. Resuming with the wind at their backs the hemesters soon assumed the aggressive but try as they would they could not gain the lead. The forwards repeatedly hit the crossbar and uprights but somehow or other the ball went anywhere but ha the net. One especially fine effort of T Owen's deservel a better fate, as he worked the ball finely- down the field and had the misfortune to see his final effort charged down by one of , the Preecot beaks. About five minutes from the con- eusion T Owen obtained posse;sion and passed the ball out to Knowlden, who in turn gave the leather to Isherwood, and this player scored the winning goal for the homesters amidst cheers. Final :—Shamrocks, 2 ; Presoot Athletic, 1. NRWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. FLINT,—The combination season at Nursery Park was opened on Saturday by last years champions of the Wirral League. Owing to the late arrival of the visitors the start which was fixed for 3.30 did net take place until after 4 o'clock. There was a strong wind blowing across the ground and there was therefore, no advantage gained when, the home skipper having won the toss, he cheese to defend the High-street goal. Bibby set the spiv re in motion on behalf of Flint in the presence of a very fair number of spectators and that player and Dene took the ball into the Newton goal- mouth, but Liithwaite averted the danger. A foul against Price enabled the homesters to get a footing in their oppenrnts territory and Houghton put in a grand run up the wing finishing up with a shot which Jones with difficulty scoopel round the pest and over the line. The ensuing corner was safely negotiated and the visitors right wing got going, Done spoiling a grand chance by sending the ball high ever the bar. From the goal kick Frankland obtained pos- session and raced off up the wing, B. Ellis just failing to reach his centre. For sometime afterwards Newton kept their opponents penned in their own goal and ewes- tually a fine centre by Iloughton was met by Frankland and promptly put into the net. Encouraged by this success the homesters again took up the attack and a promising move by Frankland and Butler was nipped in the biro by one of the visitors backs. Play continued in tho visitors; half and Ellis obtaining posseseion he passed the bill out to Frankland who heat Jones for the second time with a swift low shot which gave the custodian no chance whatever, this point coming after half an hours play. Soon after this during an exciting scrum- mage in the Newton goal-mouth, Bolton fisted the ball out, and the referee granted a penalty kick. This was safely put past Horrecks by Lloyd. Half-time : Newton-le-Willows, 2 ; Flint, 1. On resuming, it wall

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, M RKET-STREET, .MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager : Mr. e E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Scretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY, 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE. 13, LEGS-STREET, (oft Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, Exactly pposite the Market.

JAMES TOOLE, Bra LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-ST

WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) wortpOlif The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and 012 horses, cows, &c. removed any distance up to 13 u"*""'

===== 0002601_18990922_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
I N view of he approaching Football Season, it may be in- ter •sting to state that the world-famed manuf (cturers. GEo. G. BILISSEY & Co., of London. are preparing a stock of Balls, which for quality. uniformity, ant durability, will be unique. These b Ills will be distinguished by the app.arance thereon of their well known trade mark •<MM. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria-street London Factories —Peckhon, London; an i Elms well, Suffolk.—Adut.

*** Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, 131wsey-street. Warrincon, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

LINCASHIRE SENIO it COMPETITION.

WARRINGTON v. STOCKPORT.

A HANDSOME ywroi.ty FOR niE WIREPULLERS. Another good- crowd assembled on the Wilderspool enclosure to see the Sockport men vanquished on Saturday, and the gate receipts were such as to make the officials smile pleasantly all round. The strength of the home team before the encounter was practically an unknown quantity for no less than five changes had neva made in the back division. All the three-quarters who operated in the Leigh match were absentees, while Hall tm the full b Lek, hal also to stand down, Moores filling the vacancy. Stockport were so elated with their success over the Wiganers that they selected the same fifteen en bloc and came to Warrington with the livliest anticipations of success. They failed however, to even male a good fight of it and were routed by 15 points to nil. The home success was very gratifying, the di-p'ay of the locals bring full of promise. Mr. M'Cutcheon had charge of the omnipotent whistle, and the teams lined out as follows, in the presence of 5,000 spectators. Warrington : Moores, full back ; Wood. Isherwood. Jones, and Merryweatber, threequarters ; Bate and Ashur.t, half-backs; Taylor, Naylor, Fairhurst, Sudlow, Swift, Scholz', Boardman. and Eden forwards. Stockport : full back;Hocigson, Bevan,Wors- ley, and K ootn, tnre-quarters ; Gough and Williams, half-back; Garside, Burrows, Trotter, Oram,Elallworth, O'Brien, Smith and Taylor, forwards.

_ The visitors won the toss and started with the sun and wind behind them, an advantage which was more apparent than real. Ashurst started the ball rolling, and it landed in touch. Saville's Lick out did likewise, and finally Boardman secured a position in the Stock- port half by following up finely and grassing Oratn. Warrineton secured possession from the first few scrums hut the half-heck; made poor use of the ball. Warring- ten kept the upper hand for a brief spell, Gough and Williams relieving. 4Vo3d made a clever mark and almost dropped a goal against the wind. A punt by Ashurst was responded to by Saville who sent the ball to the home line, Warrington being seved from early disaster by Bate. Warrington opened the game out more, and Jones, receivine, started an excellent movement, Wool bin e held on the line after a strong effort to get throueh. Moeres was tackled in possession near the line after good punting and following up by the Cheshire men and Warrington had to defend. Hodgson attempted to dasn over at the corner but Merryweather tackled him with a determination which drew forth cheers. Werrington again returned to the attack, and another spe,cly movemerit by Jore.s, Isherwood, and wood saw the right winet r put the finishing touch on in gallant style, the suniees of the home men being warmly greeted. Jones obliged with a neat goal and cheers were redouble]. Har lly had ths visitors kicked off again bifore Nlerry weather handed to Jones in the Warrinwon half and the Huddersfield man put on top sped end sewed a brilliant try nearithe posts, failing however to augment. Play continued to be of a spirited descriotiim. the Stocknort forwards and halves putting in scene good work. M ores was a bie unsteady on the detenee, but was well covere I by Bate and Warrington's line was kept intact. Saville tried a drop from an easy pe-ition bet failed to send the ball over the bar. A refth by the visitors loekeel like resu'ting in points as M )ores and Slerryweather both failed to gather the ball. Wood dashed across in the nick of time and brought off a really fine save. Saville had another shot at goal,t his time from . elace near centre, and nearly did the trick. tiate,Jones e 'yood finally raised the seige and carried play into the en , ' camp, where Merry weather had hard luck with a dr. a goal. Half-time, Warrington, 8 peinta, Stnokport nil. Orem restarted, and Stockport we-e son compelled to fall back, Ashurst missing a n'c. pass in midfield. Wiiliams and ‘Vorsley gained ground with a ncc run, Meores having eventually to stay Worsley'e progress at the home 25 line. A moment later Moores failed to make a simple catch, and Saville and Garside both got past him. An exciting moment followed. but Jones Accounted for Garsideand the burly Saville was knocked Into touch by Moores. A penalty against Stockport was takee be Jorirs, who added another two points to the home total. Give and take play followed, Warrington making little use of the wind and showing some deterior- ation in play. Soeckport were playing better and several times att icked, only to find the defence sound. At last the enthusiasm of the spectators was re-aroused by Ilherwool, who took the ball from Bate and ran splendidly to the line where he parted to Merryweather, the latter missing the pairs, and Isher wood succeeded in scoring himself. Dan's success was a popular one, but the cheering was loud and long when Jones kicked a lovely goal from a difficult angle. This reverse took all the spirit out of Stockport, and roused the homesters correspnnclingly. Wood and Jones continued to play well, the latter trying hard t 3 pass Saville with a rush. Fie False eesayed a kick at goal from the centre line and failed by the merest trifle. Moores, near the close, re- deemed himself with a neat punt and tackle of the Stockport custodian, vele° had his work cut oat to pr vent further cring. Stockport were handicapped by the loss of a forward who had a rib broken, while Merry- weather was also off the field for a tine • with a straMed shoelthr. No further scoring took place and Warrineton obtained the verdict by the substantial mlrgin of 3 gals 3 tries (15 pellets) to Steckf ort nil.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN V. WIDNEi.

THE LINNE I'S GAIN ANOTHER TWO POIN CS. The local rivals Runcorn and Widnes met in the Lan- cashire Senior Competition at Runcorn last Saturday before acr )wd of about 4,000. Runcorn were repre- sented by the team that did such gocd service against Swinton and Broughton Rangers,but Widnes were short of Brennan, Hughes, and Nevitt in the thron-quarter line and D•nnellv and Layshon were missing from the forward rank. The vacancies were, however, filled by Peacock, Lomas and Bown (three-quarters) and Davies and itaymond (forwards). A further hindrance to the visitors was the fact that 13 itey, their full balk, was suff,ring from a swollen anetle. Mr. Priestly was referee.

Aaney started for Wilnes. The ball was returned and the first scrum to.rA place i tie centre. It was at once seen that the game was not to he anything nearly so brilliant as the previous two games against Swinton and Brouetiton, and the issues more resembled the opening game at Wigan. Too much f-eling and too little foot- bill was the order for some time. Attacking strongly Runcorn gained ground and Bown negutiatel a kick of Wiliinson's by kicking dead. Hampson and Douglas tried to improve for Widnes but were collared before they got far. Butterworth. Warder, Tones and Faulkner got in cone fine passing and Jones kicked over, but. before lie could touch down Douglas did it for him. Widnpa were penalised for offside, but nothing resulted. Then came a good piece of work fr-nn the Widnee halves Runcorn were penalised but Jolley returned. Here atoll' a play was of a vary even character. Aspey marked and Warder repl'el. Later in effecting a save BAtev ;en in to touch. Farmer a,tterupted a goal, but failed. 'rhea followe I a smart piece of cmbination from Run- co,n in which alm, a". all the backs figured. Lomas saved amid ,•xeitement. Shortly afrer Farmer marked but though in a good m failed to land a goal as the ball was chari:ed down. S. Floughtan was heavily tackled by A;pec, Trivial the referee found it neclssary to can- tin. Bunco n were off on the aggressive again and only for Dioglaa would have been over. Jolley from t.,tteh struck the bar with the hall and it rebounded into play. Fran t iis Aspey cleared and a scrum v- silted. Ione), secured passed to Faulkner and the latter and Jimmy Butterworth, a bout of passing which resulted in Butterworth scoring a well camel try. Farmer took the kick but again failed. Play resolved

itself into tall kicking and got a bit rough. Farmer was cautioned for roughness, and several others on bothsides should likewise have been spoken to. Houghton was prominent and safe Waving a sound game throughout. Runcorn backs repeatedly got away and pressure was heavy upon the Widnes line hut no score was effected. Jolley tried a drop or two but tailed. Faulkner was nearly over when Murphy saved. Half time score : Runcorn 1 try ; WidnPri nil. Farmer recommenced and at once Runcorn established themselves in the Widnes half. Batey was hard pressed and only kicked feebly v.,ben he did kick. From a five yard scrum Widnes were penalised and Farmer kicked an e tsy goal. Tall kicking followed, and the game was for a time uninteresting, though keen enough for the competitors. Widnes pressed an.l for some time Hough- ton was repeatedly compelled to handle but no real dan- ger was feit. Butterworth, Warder and Faulkner were good and gained ground but no score was affected. Jolley tried to drop once or twice but again failed: Shortly afterwards Butterworth was laid out and retired but soon resumsd. Continuing, the game became again rough, and science was sacrificed for a scramble. When the end came Runcorn were victors by 1 goal 1 try to nil.

" A " TEAM COMPETITION. STOCKPORT " A" V. WARRINGTON" A"

The Warrington " A" taam journeyed to Edgeley Park on Saturday, to play Stockport' A." The members of the team were as follows :—Full back, 80, cow, three- quarters, Hockenhull, Ratcliffe, Siddall, and Jewkes ; half backs, Duckworth and Allen ; forwards, Wilcox, Deakin, Cunningham, Skelhorn, Higham, Price, Parker, and Mason. From the outset, Warrington pressed and tries were scored by Ratcliffe. Hockenhnll and Jewkes. Siddall kicked a goal. This was all the scoring in the first half and when the teams changed ends, Warrington were leading by 11 points to nothing. Stockport showed up more pro:ninently in the second half and after same smart play, Lewis sclred a nice try. Ratcliffe and Jawkes again scored for Warrington in the last few minutes and Warrington ran out winners by 18 points to three.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
CADBURY'S COCOA, on the testimony of the Lancet " represents the standard of highest purity." It is entirely free from all foreign substances, such as kola, malt. hops. &c., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the Illustrated !Anion News writes : " Cocoa Is in itself a perfect food, and requires no addition oi drugs whatever CADBURYS Cocos is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old cud young, at all times and in all seasons ;for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on'having CAD .iURY's. as other Cocoas are often substitutedfor the sake of extra profit. Sold only in Packets and Tins,— Ada. 3.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
in strengthening our baby. also helped her in cutting her

teeth."

It has

. V,A.c*Ot.,' , . , s'\ ,:',•••• \V;::; ~ , :.) :-' , • ------ v,__L-•_,-,-,:: ..7i . ..iR. , , • . .... o,.‘,;*\ ,•:. ~7,.,::.,-,--_--;..- --;_---75:7 ,': ' \\.‘ ' '..• s\ ,%:tiz, ~7,:. •:.'. . ' .:•: =---- ,-... .. . \•.'\,,::::'•'.••••••::::'''''S''' :'::., : - ''.. = , _ - ...,.,* ...::::::::::,,,,:•,,..,;., .•,,,. .. , . r,,\'' \ . :%:::•:•:*:*::::::::: ::::•:•:.::::::::,:.;;;;,:::.:' . ~.: ---_-... ~...L.•,;., L ~ET •,!.- :: ~,,,_ ~,,,....., .:...,,::::::::::::-;:::::::,::::..?..•:&:i:::i:::i:.:,::•,_:.#..4. ;:::::i:::•:::::::::::::::::.::;:::i.•:,::;;?.5:i:::::::,i,., , At:-.7. ': - '.l ::,::::::';'::::::::i:,•::::::i:!:i::::::i::::::::::;;;N: s ' ''``,•: ''•":':',:,'"•%' "" ' 7 •*%'?"'"V f.--' .:::--‘,,11, . : ''.-:-. ',, ..; )',7,=;•: -74%:::::::::*,:::.:::;:::::::4-` . ' ,ssx:::::.:::.::::::••••iiiii;:,V;:" /1/4.'.,,i5t : ::'-'':"l,Aijikkifg--ii,i . .. _.... ? .4,1;1., ~,,,,..,,,,,,,;., • -,-,,,,,:......... .:.,,,,e,• . - s.„.__-...- .-.--_-_--_ -:: ~E 11 ~.. - \ ,:-- -.., ..;-,...,:,-;=••;;;;,,.:::::,:::., <57,', . ~,9.,'1i57"-------..- ''•''- :: ". -::: : 7,, 5' '}l ' --- ;-=';' "•"•:.i.3:-‘ ' :-. . :::.%7 / /4- -.:, ~,,, :.• .- -.• -:-.t.. ::,-.---- ..--,-.._--=,-,-i:. -2ip .#• ,-;.7.,:),./-%-••-- '-.--.•••:,•••••• i. y ./,' ~..:,-ii..g:•l::::2•*.-:-.::.1. ,;;. '; 7-----,-,--1,---:---. .2.7.-..--•:•.Y:::::::.. ,',,,,-. , --;,-,-1.:,i,:!::::::::.:-:.:\:.:.. . v, .7.....-..---,-p-,:;,..:,...:.:?:...-..--'-' : c.....--f..... ........ , ;,.....:-.-:-:::?7 ,- • -4,--,::-:.;. ..,N-.-.....::T ,:-,:f.:.- . ~ . . ._ . . „... „ ‘ . ... ~. ' ::- ,-=,..%.4. ~. ',':,,,F,..:Xev.,,z, Vf----.- .i.k.: --:.-,-. ...., 2 ...:::,,.;->:!,,e.-- 7 :::1'..,.. '.i.::-:.:.-*•,; ' ,-,:›1e.., :,..:,..,,-, ,Y-,,,,, ,":11.i.,:"'''' :WA? _., . "t,,,,.. ~.-.. . -,:, - .---:f..45.,,"1,. -2;,,,•::.• ..' :"--.:•;./..: • /.:•:::•::::-.•-::-.::::... .:, ~5,,-,,,,,,N.,,.,,,'4,7- '',''','• vt, ;'..,,,r,,,,,-..:( ',...,4;42 ~' ..) .;,:t' ' ...-:',":::'.'',e'. .".;./...:. .:.•-. •••,:,.........'....); :.:,:::::::::*•:... : • ~:i::. %,".; '. - ' " ' ''' ." ' .":.'ts: , -::-..---" :-.. . i:, ',..',...'' ii.lii 'i; i-• ' ''' ..s,''',' .1 ' -...--' . '...,-.4' 'CFI-f,.. VSW..:, ....7* - '. ( ''.'... ,t,,.....\)A, !. •, ' i•,,,...;`,:', ' :.; ::•:•:.':•:ti:-:: : , ' ...' '''. '' r:' ;., '''' '.: \ ':':'..*F.l4&:,-;',...':' \*74..vr*V0,%itt...:At.„._:A....- -,....:•:-•:•:,•.;;;:•:- ' " ",' • ••.,•••,,,,. -...,,,,,,,,,,,,,i!,:,,*,,,r..,:-.,-,;,.. ':, ~..I*-': ±: '3.4„, __,:;',':`!-I.A:t \ ,‘.: .:::::..;:.s.'f'g'::•••:-2. '''-'1.1.: -' '. :::::::::::"Y ,A.::::::.. : , ~ ~, ..... . ... .. ./%•::'::::',:•':.''. . .: ;;;:,.:•::::::;., ' t'", ffti:_'*.i::: ,'..::,::....:..... -._;:'.....i....i,:...'...:'::iii,':. •:':•::?.:...t..: :..,, ::::.:::::-;:::::::::::::::::.:: \ • ,5.:....::,•, =-}--i.r..-:,_ ,e.:2_,--.2.74, ,N,_-. .- ... .. ~... „.. f/ .- 71.:.!... .9 .:',.:-:77.--.-:-..... ::,.--,::-.-:-.-,:.....:.: -.:-:.,::::::::-.-7* ...-... .:•.:::-....:?.; .:,,,,,--...' .‹ ....,....•—•.- ':::::::::• -'"%' -::_ ~.::-•..47.,..•,.''.:'.'44V.':-.;,--..•.-.--.:...--;=.,;.i.:ZL.:'"*...::-...:-::"..:---'-.1:.:.:i.: - --:-:i2iii.:::";:l.::::.. ' • S,:-....:•::.-... .•..4:.•.:,...:. / .-',..-,-,,,ii.•:::::;'..:;:,:::*„*.W.;?-;,.. s'•:•::::•::::::::::::::::::':::::::-7-.,----;=--;-7--:=7- -.:-.,-,:-.....:•:. ...•••.:,:,::•:-:::-., ...0 ~,y;;;.;;;i-,.,----- 7 -.4.1::..-,-...;--;-.-.;. -:....:-.:::::-.:.:-.:•:-.:-:,:::::.:..:•....:-.:•:::.:-.-:::.,:-:...-:-::•:!:` :.;?" -.\ •,..,-.-:::::::. :- „,-,?„,,A, , • ~..-:-.t - .;....•:.--e-, , --- ----::•:::::::::::::.::-::•:.::•:..::•:.::%:•:- ___—___------'-____-----';A ....::.•,:.:•:.:., - _.. ~.-->xtr, \, . .-..,;',..,:- '1 ,'.; .-:. -: . -::.-.:::::::::::*::::.:::::i::::::::::;" •-.- - ,- :===--.-. -- 7- ---A .. •:•.--:.:.:.:- ...-- -••;.•- - --„p'..--17,.=.1':i'it4f4.1,.*'.'"!,,t-' .2:'7 -:„..,--;?. ~=-'ll',--, ::«= -,. ;"i,',- '''; ':''>-_,..-5:"1 • ' '-:.:•;•.:::::::::?, ' , ..ti,, ---- X.?, '-' , A,...: ''.' •;• c..4?)(17, , b;gc, ..,. ..;,....,-., -,<;-.,-. ,1. 1i*,,5..,tPr.,„..., _-,,,..,:::::i:, 4,.• :'.-:1":;.::....!i:..• ,- I.;" ~• •-„,.7,. ~....;-'''': •_.1..' • • ...3"...: _,..,''',V ~-47.--•-•'',.,,f,,.: _,...L.4.04,_,..,41...,,,,,,,..',,,..._,,.. , _.,,,,,;,,-,2-75,- --,e...-;:•;•:•:- •fr.:-V. "7 -- " ..----*" •,. "VcV7l-47;Tr -!...44t.. '.7.-i7P''''"•ll . rz,_.....----- '''''..:::::: ''rV 1' '''''' ''''. s:.'.' ,411Vk ! ''-io)i,'.? ' I.i ;,.., X. ~1,_.;"1.70,1 ';5- ,--"-1----,--FF:,:::::•:"::: . , ':::,.::::.::' . - -•-, 14,. '5,...,-, . • c,,`. -1--,:e• ''..*-4."-P- 'f..,.: ~ 1„,---,--:::----::•:::::, • -'" 34 ,„.''''' 4, . , . _:- ------'4v--, -;.„--- ,-•::::::..,,:.----:•••::,:•:,,,, --.- ,-`,,,-.0'..%- 7.•;ef., - -----,=:10,..-...;,.:3„; -,-:::::::::::::,::::.::::::::-:':V: . _.....„-_,..„--- , . , . ---::.-..-.....:::::•,...::- '...,::f.,;;.••:. z:•••. , /_......,_,---_,- ..,.,--',.----c.3-- .--- ~viff..),.--", ,:. .::,:.:3:..!::::::.-.:-:"::.:.--";:::•:•:.;" y- IT / ..---:::::.,:-:•:,:l.:•.,.." ,•- ‘• j .'•:.....;..:Y".§.7 .:_. - / 7,=; ~ .---:-•••••,,,,,,,-:-N "-:::::* • fii:-Eg' - : -,- ..-:&!--r---:_—•":7,.....?.:A,.,.....t...::::::::::::::::::::::•.; , ~-1:::•:.:•:':-W.*:•:::::.:::•:•:*\ >'. " '-:'-••-"'-*-...A\s\;'::•%.\\*t...***'-'::::';•.•••••••• '.%. 1,-; •:..............5.4 • , ~‘ - i %„....\\,,,,,,Av05.,v.....: ::::‘,..,.•.\,:,....\.." - •

===== 0002601_18990922_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MARGERY ALICE YEATES.

There are many pr )perties in Scott's Emulsion which are beneficial to children when cutting their teeth. The hypophosphites of limo and soda, for instance, are an aid to digestion.foid for the nerves, and of great assistance in forming the growing skeleton structure of the body. The cod-liver oil also has a favourable tff.ct upon digestion and helps to supply vitality. The glycerine pre- vents fermentation and assists in the steps towards the final absorption of the oil. Consequently, when these facts are considered from a medical point of view, it is easy to account for the splendid effects of Scott's Emulsion upon teething babies. We emphasise especially this point in the follow- ing lettez :

"42, Atlantic-road. Brixton, S.W., "November 28th, 1898.

" Dear Sirs,—l have much pleasure in stating that Scott's Emulsion has proveJ very b.n.sficial in strengthening our baby. Being very weak in the back, at the age of nine months she

(From a photograpl2o

con Id not sit alone on the ft but after one or two bottles of Scott's Emulsion. she was able to support h:!reelf. It has also helped her in cutting her teeth. It has also worked: wob. dere with her chest. It is very amus.nu to hear her say More, more,' showing that the Emulsionll palatable, as well as nourishing.-INurs Veil truly,

(Signed) G. YEATES." Bless the babies ; they all love Scottll Emulsion, and they s.em to know itto tuitively that it does them good. AM: taking a few doses of Scott's Emu!stun they stoP their worry and fretting, and go to sip and grow. They get fat and strong, and are all curves and dimples. Believe the truth o 2 the statements oi those who Lays tried it, and then try it yourself. You can obtaii, a sample of Scott's limulsion Di/ sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Lirnitod, Manufacturing Chemists, 95s Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C., ard mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
the ehoitest notice

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION teadia Always on band. Highest Testimonials from the Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES. AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and eyerythinz ,! in , witbi Marine Stores bought. Highest, Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAItD, LONGFORD.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX ruREs AND SCORES.

POINTS. POR AGST Sept. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h 16—Stock portfh 23—Rochdale Hornets a 30—Widnes h 00t. 7—Wigan a h 21—Salford a 21— CUMBERLAND T LANCASHIRE a 28—Tyldesley h 4—Stoekport 4—LANCASHISE V YORKSHIRE a 11—Broughton Rangers h 18—Oldham a 25—Open Dee. 2-1.4 igh a 2—LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE h 9—Open 16—Wigan h 23—St Helens h 26—(Boxing Day) Runcorn a 30—Swinton a irath 6—Tyldesley a 13—Swinton h ••• 20—Safford h 27—Runcorn h Web. 3—Broughton Rangers a 10—Oldham h 17—Widnes a 24—Rochdale Hurnets h Manch 3—Millom a 10—Open 17— Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie april —Open

===== 0002601_18990922_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX CURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. F9ll AGBT Sets 2—Wigan a 6—Swinton h 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnes h 0 23—Oldh4m a 30--Cheshire v Cumberland a Oct. 7—Tyldesley h 14-Btockport a 21—Leigh h. 28—Cheshire v Yorkshire a ROv. 4- 11—Millom h 18- 25—Salford It' Vett. 2 —Cheshire v Lancashire a 9—Rochdale Hornets a 16—Stockport h 23—M1ilom a 28—Warrington h 30—Leigh a gat; I—Broughton Rangers a 6- 13—B,ochdale Hornets h 29—Swinton h 27—Warrington a -Web. 3—Whom h 10 —Balt ord a 17—St. Helens Is 24—St. Helens a Star. 3—Widnes a • 10--Oldham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie......... 16- 21- 28—Cup Tie

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOR AWST Sept 2.—Millom h 2O .. 0 9.-8 t Helens a 3 0 16.—Runcorn a 23.—Broughtoz. Rangers h 30.—Warr!Won a Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 21.—Wigan 28.—St Helens h by 4.

11.—Tyldeslev a 18.—Millom a 25.—Tyldesley h *MC 2.- 9.—Leigh a 16.—Salford a 23.—Rechda1e Hornets a 30.—Stockport a ifan I.—Swinton a 6.- 13.—Oldham a 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—Wigan h Pet) 3.—Salford 10.—Rochdale ,sornets a 17.—Warrington h 24.—Stockport h Mar 3.—Runcorn h 10.—Leigh 17.—Cup Tie

ST. HELENS FOOTBiLL CLUB.

FIX I URES AND SCORES.

POINTS. FOR A.GBT

Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Widnes h 0 3 16—Swinton Ii 30—Broughton Rangers a Oct. 7—Rochdale Hornets a 14—Wigan h 21—Stockport b

28—Widnes a VOV. 4—Wigan a 11 -Salford h 18—Tyldesley h 25—Stockport a Dec. 9 —Oldham h 23—Warrington a 25—Broughton ltang-rs, h 26—Millom h 30—Tyldesley a I—Leigh h

6—Swinton a 13—BliHorn a 20—Roehd.le Hornets, h Peb. 13 —Leigh a . 17—Runlorn, a 24—Runeorn h 3—Oldham a 10—Salford a

Mar.

17—Cup tie (first rnund)

i

SATURDAY'S' MATCHES. Rochdale Hornets v. Warrington. Widnes v. Broughton Ilangcrs. Oldham v. Runcorn. Tyldeeley v. Salford. Idillomzy. Wigan. Stockport. V. Swinton. on the ground of the first

===== 0002601_18990922_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
aan.

BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS

"NEVER FAILS"

Are acknowledged t7o-he-ti;e7n;l.i genuine remedy for Correetin IRREGULARITIES &OBSTRUCTIONS The v are cert-41 to cure the most obstinate ease,and bring about all that is desire.' -.lter all else fails Thousands of Testimonials, In boxes. 1. 2z, ad. : strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free /roc,. abservation by post from r. BLANCHARD, Forest ltd., Dalston,London.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990922_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING Houss— Earlestown

Suz-OPPIcEs *Ashton Collins Green ... *EI-olborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st.. Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 time as letters.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

NIL 10-15 a.m Nil.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30. and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-56 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. TAest are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I To I Callers.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, an Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Preseot. Wigan, 0 rms- kirk Wietti & Earlestown London, Foreign. and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, Nor%Jo Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, &- Eastern, and Minima Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S.- ISastern, Midland, Northern, Sastorn Counties, & Lancashire Orel G, Padgate, W oolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 5 - Eastern Counties

1 • a.m. 13-30 „ 10.45 1 11-30 „ } 11-40

} 12-0

k 2-16 p.m.

2-10 .. 1 3-15-,

5-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m„ 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

}4

from the Receiving Office at Earl'. ?.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the SAM

By Postmen 7-0 cro.

11 -50 a.m

( 1 3-15 m. t

===== 0002601_18990922_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE Haut.—lf your hair Is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s . 6d per bottle. --A tint'

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. In eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges froizi th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Estatlished upwards of 33 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ougb but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers 'hie Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. Advt

_ FLOE/LINE I—FoR I'HE TEETH AND BREATIL—ThOkORghIy cleanses the teetii from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.t,ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar tor the Florin!): Powder." of all Chemists and PorfUMerd.-- dvt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's '• STsacis GLOSS ' isunequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling ',rater starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says s wife will not finish our linen without your •1 Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . if not in stock will pro- ure it. T CEITCHLEY. Blackburn, Pr,prietor.—Advt. F., How IS IT THAT • CLARKE'S BLOOD Mrxruastr ham obtained such great popularity" is a question which ha perplexed many. The answer is, that it is ustquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light. Thousands of wonderful ',tires have been effected by it. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skins,and Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pi mples and Sores of all kind it effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle ware of worthless imitations ana substitutes.—Advt. 2)

===== 0002601_18990922_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

===== 0002601_18990922_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. 1 Nil. Nil. Nil. 1 4-55 a.m 110-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990922_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDEN WEDDING CELEBRATION AT

WARRINGTON.

It is not often that a married couple live to cele- brate their golden wedding, but when such a happy circumstance does occur it is only natural that steps should be taken to fittingly celebrate the event. Such was the case this week when Mr. and Mrs. Job Swales, formerly of Warrington, but now of Lowton, completed 50 years of married life. There was a happy gathering of relatives and friends in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, Legh-street, on Tuesday last week, when the auspicious occasion was suitably recognised. The company numbered about eighty, and included about 40 children and grandchildren, and a like number of relatives and friends Mr. and Mrs. Swales, who looked extremely well, and upon whom 50 years of married life seemed to have pressed lightly, were the recipients of numerous presents. Fifty years ago last Sunday they were married in St. Paul's Church, Bewsey-road, and for the greater por- tion of the period since then, Mr. Swales has been in business in the town, at one time conduct- ing a brickmaking bueinese. Their seven married children were all present on Tuesday, namely: Mr and Mrs Robert Swales, (Manchester) Mr and Mrs J II Swales (Manchester) ; Mr and Mrs John Podmore (Warrington) ; Mr and Mrs M Gregory (London) ; Mr and Mrs J Broadhurst', War- rington); Mr and Mrs George Titchett (Warrington), and Mr and Mrs W H Covell (Manchester). The friends and relatives present included Mr and Mrs John Henry Knowles; Mr and Mrs Joseph Knowles; Mr and Mrs Smith Knowles, (Sale) ; Mr and Mrs Joseph Podmore ; Rev. C Finch, Rev. M Ii Chapman (Widnes) ; Mr Crampton, Mr Crampton, jun., Mr Joseph Titchett, Mr Gleave, Mr Spruce (Preston Brook),Sir Stephen Dale,Mr Joseph Bissell Mr S Rowlance and others. An excellent tea was provided,the catering being in the hands of Mesdames Cooke, Cotton, John Pod- more and Broadhurst. At the conclusion, Mr John Podmore, the eldest sou-in-law, in a few brief but appropriate sentences proposed the toast of " The health of Mr and Mrs Swales." Mr. SMITH KNOWLES in seconding the toast, said such an occasion did net often happen; in fact, it was somewhat rare for a man and woman to live together in married life—and happy married life— for 50 years. (Hear, hear.) The speaker proceeded to refer in a jocular manner to his early recollec- tions of Mr. Swales' courtship when he took from him his sister and companion. Mrs. Swales at this moment still looked healthy and happy, and Mr. Swales resembled a patriarch of Israel, and was looking better than for many years past. (Hear, hear.) He had been Possessed of a pretty equable temperament, and had got through life fairly com- fortably. They were all sincerely grateful to have that opportunity of tendering their congratu- lations to Mr. and Mrs. Swales, and trusted that both of them might be spared to enjoy each others company for many years to come. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. KreowLEre also spoke in support of the toast, and congratulated Mr and Mr.s Swales on the celebratioa of their golden wedding. He gave some pleasing lecollectione and concluded by ex- pressing the hope that God might spare Mr and Mrs Swales for many years mere. In responding to the toast, Mr. SWALES paid a tribute to the services of the help-meet he bad bad during his life. They had been very happy and comfortable, and were all the better for the troubles, trials and difficulties they had experienced. Ile was conscious of God's sparing mercies, and his religion Was a source of consolation to him in the evening of his days. He was very pleased to see his rela- tives and friende,aud desired to thank them for their presence and hearty congratulations. ( Applause.) Mr. GREGORY expressed the wish of the. company that Mrs Swales should say a few words Mrs. S WALES expressed the pleasure it gave her to meet them all ; au e hoped that if they did not meet together again in this world, they would do so in the heavenly kingdom. The subsequent proceedings were of a social character. Congratulatory addressee were given by Messrs. Stephen Dale, Joseph Titchett, Joseph Bis- sell and M. Gregory. The addresses were agreeably interepersed with music supplied by Mr. Frank Podmore, Master and Miss Gregory. Miss Elsie Clrereory, Mr S liowlance and Mr spruce. Refresh- ments were served. and the gath-riog diepersed about nine o'elock.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
To MOTFIERs.—Mrs Winslow' So,thing Syrup h:ts been used for over fifty Nears by mil:.bins er a;others 1.1. their :!hildren while teethiin4, With perfect success. It wid relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button."Of all Chemists Is Ikci per bottle.---Advt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ee

===== 0002601_18990922_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
k)OMME'RCIAL AND ARTISTIC PRINTING.

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE ' LEVIATHAN" PLACARD, Sin :Sheet s't. 31n. by Mt. 9in. Ti'.f...4.RGEBT IN THE DISTRICT. A MONS rult PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the " LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LATIO-14 TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. YOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MA AM ()TH POSTE t.S. POSTER MAMNIOT El POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

J. 'WALKER (_Sz..) CO.

AMINER WORKS, PEWSEY SFREET WARRINGTON.

EIiVEI•OPE6 2s. pi LOOO.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
/ENGLISH WATCHES-ALWAYS THE BEST.

e oN9s,wATcHEs g" MINIAI4I9) kir r Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength, at Maker's Cash Prices. in 18-ct. Gold Cases. BENSON'S

===== 0002601_18990922_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH LEVER

ti"LUDGATE"

IST. CHEAPEST. and STRONGEST, London made THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Lever Watch.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Gold Cases. BENSON'S

62&

kCLOGEB for

Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance, Patent Large Barrel and Damp and Dust Proof Ring Band, Massive Silver Cases with unbreakable Crystal Glass, double the Strength and Value of any other £5 65. "Watch. _ _ _

Made in Fonr Sizes, at one Price, £5 ss.:—No. I, Gentlemen's (as illustrated); No. 2 Working Men's; No. 3, Railway Men and. Miners': No. 4, Ladies'. In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's £l2 12s. Lady's, £lO 10s. - - - - - -

SENT FREE at our risk, to all parts of the World for Cash or Post Office Order. BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, &c., eke. Poet free on application.

In Silver Cases. til-----74111\ , • -_---', \ , BEI ,ir, you. fi 1 iiii: P, A.,. '-, . 1 , - 1 • 1 ~ .0, t,' .. •..... „it ,/i , , ,i /; / \ ~,,,, s‘t •• i , ; BOOKS k•,, -,.,. ‘ BO P ' ,• iii P /I, N. , , Inu Ma --- -- lln Silnr Cases. InlB-ct . 5,4'; .sii .' - lE'-' ''' . "kl4\ : i'-'..;:•:' -. i:.t;; . • 1 5 ~. ~,, ...,r_.... , __. ... - ....,..,,,,,.-.-1, -.\\, . , ... I IA %‘ A, cc , AG °L CO IN LEVER C Crystal GI •-i 4hi; ps... ,' ‘ Gol f , = I ' BOK resT ran. --- - • __,. Churches,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SEIZURE of FOREIGN FRUIT

IN --

===== 0002601_18990922_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON JAM FACTORIES.

W. R. Deakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUI.T is used in the manufacture of his delicious WHOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which DEAKIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

NAT ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990922_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLZS AiTTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILI t AL v. ALs

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREOULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the dislressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes.lili & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO \VLE & e. Illa.A.ufaeturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Bewar, of lmitadions,_Wuriat3 and u-nrflOw.

SYNIINGTON'S_

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

prbirniMMMS-Crr , >0 Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain likg_ a 0 ! strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In 0 0c bottles from all Grocers. 82 aSULSULCUSS SW 2 ULU- rl

-- CONFECTieiIIEPY .2fld TOFFEE TOFFEE I I YUFFEE I ! Do you sell Confectionery? If so, write by return of post for a. sample and price of MACKINTOSH'S EXTRA CREAM TOPPER The King of all Teffees, Even small sh+keepers are selling tlts nit Oelicions toffee at lightning speen. Acknowle.Aged!-,y aa who hove tietel ii delicious flavour to be a real treat, Confectionery it di descriptions ;it lowest prices for e:oh. soe tihrletloa. Apply J. MACKINTOSH, Limited, The Toffee Mills, HALIFAX.

TWLE'sPiNsNYTRE°EIA'PIILS FOR F.E. MALES.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers.

GUARANTEED' PURE. 100

===== 0002601_18990922_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER

"BANK"

KNOCKABOUT WATCH for general wear. BEST DON MADE. Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISH Jhronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless Action. lass Cues. in Sterling Silver, £5, or in strong 18-et. £l5. Post free at our risk for Cash or P. 0.0. .10NS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT IN RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. ATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE..

Cases,

W. BENSON, Ltd., M. THE QUEEN'S WATCHMAKERS, THE STEAM FACTORY-

4, LUDGATE

HILL, LONDON.

Schools, and Public ButlaiTv, from EL ESTIMATES Fnr.E.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
o;flatAts:'''''''''''','s

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Windy

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gl2 12

===== 0002601_18990922_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
4g:

1 ~. - -i )1) :,i.,,

11,1

===== 0002601_18990922_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Ztittre ti tin T'lltor.

TO CORRESPONDENTS Authors of letteri interried-foc pu4licatton most in all cases send their nanul and tddre4se. t the Edit)r. Matters irtend, d for publloadon must b wFitt-n on one

side only of the piper. CorreTondents are( strongly allxis-fi to write brlefly. A short letter has munh greater, chance uf insertion than r„ a long one.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE CORPORATION AO THE LIQUOR

TRAFFIC. Sir,—The present xiaptleable attitude of the Corpora- tion towards this traffi does not inspire one with hope for the deliverance of 'Warrington trom tho deadly in- cubus of the public house. The men who sit in th. Town Council wer,,., I suppose, elected to look after and prosoc,te the best interests of the inhabitants, and to discourage and remove, as far as po4sible, everything that would militate against thosa interests. Now it is admitted on all hands that the Liquor Traffic is the greatest impediment to human progress in existence. Inswing this from personal otoservation and other sources of information one would naturally quppose that our local rulers would be determined opponents of the traffic. Alas, th very contrary is the' case. Instead of suppressing or even restrainina, its operations they are n)t ashamed to be its opin and avowed champions. Let me Drove my assertion. When the agitation about the Corporation Bill was at its height speeches were delivered and placards posted

all over the town, threatening the ratepayers with a water famine in the near favnire if tbey refused to vote for the Bill. Viewed in the light of the Mayor's circular issued at the same time this prophesying seemed rather remarkable. The figures quoted by his Worship showed that we had an abundant supply of water which,if care- fully handlel, might me'l our requirements for some years to conam,everi allowing for a moderate inarease in the population But the authors of the wat,..r scare, for some reasons of their own, concealed the fact that Peter Walker and Sun, brewers, were quietly draining the wit,wiek wells to the extent of forty million gallons a year. The infortnation might have endani,,ered the Bill and hence the nemasity for keeping it in the back- ground. But they were not st.w in delivering ahother prophecy to the eff."ct that it would be an r-v.l day for the town if, throuxh a scarcity of water, great brewers sicsied'be compAted to r-im.)ve their plant and islisse the public houses. From all this the deduction is inevitahle that it was more in the interett of the publicans than of the public that the Colporation were in such hot has:e to.saddle the ratepayers with another big debt. But a still lower diTtta was relehed when the Town Clerk made his how Co the Bench at the recent Brewster Scission 3 and prayei for the renewal of the license for _ . _

the Feat hera 41 on behalf of the rArepiyers th-rousth the Corporation, And isoz Oa behalf of any individual for private profit." When and where. may I Ask, did the ratepaye.g, in public meeting orotherwito, sanetion such apr lcee 'ng? V; was not even molted a', the Nlvember election, and noby head of it until it was announced in the Council Chamber. as the idea of a Corporation could h Ardly have einanat-d from the friends

—of so. br jet y and order we must trace it to some more

congeni ilsource. In all probability tha vile and sinister prop..sitioa to tum a portion of tho putitic rat-s into capital for a drink business, came from the brains of those member: of the Coattail who, according to Al&r- man R to-rts, " Bit round the Coun_Ul table so drunk that they do not know what they are talking about." But we are !old th it the now hotel will prove a source of profit to the Corpora:inn aril exert A beneficial effect upon the rates. Very likeir, for drink selling is always a payi,,a I niinnss. But that profit will ha the price of Olio d, and will call forth the curse ,ef men and wrrnim whose homes have been wrecked and made dwolate throuvA its accumulation. And whatever the profit mar be ii- will be speedily devoured by Additional levies for he pauperism and crime that will auuredly reaul- from the businers at " The Featners." Of course the T 'ern Clerk's prao er for a license was graciously heard and granted by an ohFequiriva Howl). The only matter that sseme I to trouble their worohipa' minds for a hat., was he six aid accommodation of the proj-cted Corporation Grog ship 0 hearing toat it capacity was t he nearly double that of the old bowie they graltn too license a-. one.-, balievin-f. iso d0u17.. that it would b.. like the p ,!ice Building, another " Orna- ment to the Town !" Anl le: it he u.nne in 0.00,1 that the mu who ranew-d the twenae knew perfectly well that tne nilhaocrhooit wao r ve-don,. wit drink shops alreadF, and that rh• Girt•-tihie had reported an alarming incr iase in arresta for drunkenness during the past year. How disheartening _is ad tlis to the local friends of

Sobriety and order. They mu,t f 1 that, so 1;)ng as the government of the town is en thA 12Ant1s of such Coun- cillors and meee's•rates as vr-t now hav-., theiv efforts i the way o refrm will be a 4 puwerlea4 as was the com- mand of Canute to stop t`ii waves.—Yoare truly. 16th S•pte nbPr, 1893

lONA.

THE cossEßvATives AND TETE MAYORALTY.

The ConsFirva"iv- members of the Town Council have decidPd to mac Mr. J. Carlton Parr to accept the Mayoralty br the entiuinf veer, becau le they think "the time his arrive] when hi a (Mr. PArr';) eminent movie's to the town should be recognised " and because some- thing shaula he don's to rea‘tora the " dienity " of tOe Corporation and they think Mr. Parr is the proper man to do it.

Noce, if the 'reties whe attended the meeting at which this" moiniAa ous " decieion was arrived at had been wise they woolci have remembered that the Council is compreied ef 36 members,a large minority of whom are Libra's, and whom it weuld have been advisable and only ceurtelus to consult. Mr. Parr has the reputatien of being a gentleman and it will surprire one if be accepts the Ma.eo•alty offeteJ to him in so impelite a manner. It is ee:y refreshing to keiow that the Tory members of the C,nncil think it is time something was done to re- stere trip " dignity "of the Corperatien. But who pray is respousible for its eiaet ef dienitc? Tha scene enacted at the last Council Meeting shows c'early that the Tory party alone is responsible. For years past they have done their tylit tie exclude Liberals of position from every office, they have kept the Mayoralty exclusively in their own hands for nearly 30 years (with tile exception of one year) and now that they have used up all the material, which they consider suitable for the Mayoralty, very suddenly diecover that this is a " fitting" time to recos.,nele Mr. Parr's eminent services to the town. What a piece of transparent nonsense! Everybody knows perf-ctly well what this little dodge means. If the Torte had really wished to recognise Mr. Parr's eminent service to the town, why have they been so long in giving effect to their desir-s ? The fact is that rather than do th• fair and honourable thing and give the Liberals a look in at the office, they will descend to any subterfuge. It is pleasing to know, however, that the Tory meeting was not particularly well attended and that there are several members of their party who are not prepared to be coerced into a line of action which is a stuc.iad insult to their Liberal colleagues and utterly destroys any compliment which might otherwise be peid to Mr. Parr. The Liberal electors of the borough as well as their represeotatives in the Council are watching this title move with amusement and coutemist.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18990922_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIRPLAY.

Ti/GH TIDE IN THE MEasEY. Thera was a very high tide at Warriug, on at 1.30 on Wednesday afternoon, the footpath under Arpley Railway Bridge being several feet under water. The fields are Arpley were flooded, but for- tunately no cattle have been lost. There was a very high flood tide in the river Mersey on Tuesday night, at Fiddler's Ferry. In some places the water overflowed the banks, the low-lying fields being inundated, the Marsh being several feet under water. Mr. John Humphries. the Marsh keeper,was engsged throughoqt the night in getting the cattle off the Manh. LAMM BKST GLACE BOOTS AND SHORS UNDER THE CLOCK, RHIDGH-STHRET.—Advt. LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT '''llltl'HEßDS WAR-

===== 0002601_18990922_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RINGTON I ISTIIICT.

The quarterly meeting of the " Late Spring "lose" Lodge took place on Saturday eveniugat the Barley Mow Inn, Market-street. W.M. James Clare presidad, being supported in the vice-chair by D.M. Joseph Booth. The reports were very satisfactory showing a gain of £46 for the quarter. The total number of financial members is 380 with a capital of £1,684. After the ordinary business the President callei Upon P.M. John Jones to make a presentation to P.M. William Sollory, of a handsome framed emblem of merit for services rendered to the Lodge. Bro. Jones in making the presentation on behalf of the lodge took occasion to remark that societies such as tte one of which they were members were often very much indebted to active and useful members who were alwaye ready to give their services for the good of the society without any expeetation of pecuniary recompense. Ihe embleixi he was about to present was in grateful acknowledgement of such ser- vices and as a token of respect and esteem of the lodge toward Bro Sollory. The emblem was then presented to him with hopes that he might keg continue in a career of usefulness to the lodge. Bro Sollory returned thanks for ti.e very handsome girt he had recAved and for the very flattering re- marks from Bros Jones, Parr, Gleave, and Whitlow. ,

SPECIAL VISIT TO CREWE.—Mr. Tn. mas ISOrl, Oculist, and Aurist (of lon' s E, e and Eir Dispensary, Leeds), es abiisiv.d 1871, will vt the 11,c4 al Hotel, Crewe, Wedn-sday, S:eptemtipr 27th, hours 11 t 6) 1, and the Boys' lict,q, Wigan, Thurstiay, S.pttmber 26q1, Hours 2to 6, anu may be consult( d on it elsf,s of failing oi'ht and hearing. New treatmsnt without operatioy,. tiutTer.rs btmuld avail themselves of the ptese.t oppor- tuttitv of consultation, Speetales adapted to weak r defective sight.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. EBY "OvausT."] I feel bound, already, to give the Warrington teas i a warning. They are doing past what they did last Ykar, following out the results one by one, and Pc ipt an average of a point per match. This is not whit is expected, of them. Another season like the last v, ill go war to killing Rugby football in Warrington...lSO it behoves the team to strike a new line entirely. The first three matches of last September resulted in a draw, a loss, and a win, and this September the opening trio of competition contests have done just the Sarzejhing. Of course, the result might be much worse, but,l am really concerned lest tin Wirepullers should slip ll:Act:the rut wherein they wallowed last season. Match N0.'44 of the opening month was at Widnes, and there another defeat was experienced. This. time it is again on foreign soil, but the valley of the Roach shoold br more productive of points than the battleground of the " Chemicals. It is in this match, the concluding one of the present month, that I expect the Warringtonians to climb out of the rut, and afterwards keep out. If they fail at Rochdale the coincidence will be so strong that lam not sure whether I shall have the slightest hope left of last season's, die- astrous experiences being improved upon. But then the Committee and players alike say the Hornets are going to be squelched, and, apparently, they mean it.

Stockport were made short work of on Saturday and this encourages the view taken of the tussle with, the Rochdale men. Just to show a little pride I may say that it is not every team that can threw off five picked backs and win a match with their successors. • Yet this is what Warrington did. Bate and Ashurst were the sole survivors of the back division which did duty—sr attempted t3—agaiest Leigh. AU the threequarters,ao the full back, were replaced by others and th* result was much more satisfactory than the mcet sanguida,Sup- porter could have etpected. I must not omit to mea- tion that Fish and Harris were absent through injury, but the fact remains that the three- quarter line as constituted on Saturday aequittsd itself really well. Three of the four men were responsible for 15 points between them, and as no one else scored they may be said to have done theirlshare towards securing the victory.

The Cheshire men came to Warrington with the rosiest mectations. There is no doubt about that. Had they not vanquished the once formilable Wiganers by la points the previous week? Ceitsinly they had, and they looked upon the conquest of Warringten as well-nigh a certainty. This was a mistake, for there are no certainties-1 ispeot- ball? It might have turned out all right from their point of view if Warrington had not bten so desprrately eager to atone for the loss of two points the previoul, weir. They neglected to consider tbe fond aspirationsif th,gr visitors and gave them a drubbing of a truly unmerci- ful character—which was ungiad. But then kindness, like the certainties, is quite unknown in football. All a team has to think about is the most effectual method oi knocking Gut another team in a given space of timo. Warrington happened to have tilt best thinking and knocking out apparatus on Saturday. That was all.

Notwithstanding the previous week's dissppointment the spectators rolled up in large numbers. They had not seen Warrington's new mea yet, and they meant to de so or know why. Now that they have seen them they will probably want to see more,ani the club treasurer will not be the man to stop them. He has only one motto and that is " bet 'em all come." And for the last two weeks they have come in a fashion which betokens inuels good. Ther. were many new faces in the Stockport ranks—importa- tion has been wholesale in that part of Cheshire—but one was as familiar as that of the town clock. Fred Saville is a popular visitor:lto the Wild lespoll arena, and his abilities as a footballer have always commanded respect; they do so still, thnueh not quite to the same extent perhaps. Saville's burly figure was almost as prominent on Saturday as of yore, and once it very nearly found its way across the Warriegton lin.. Tnera were one or two small impediments in the way, however. Of the strangers not mush can be said. They did nit appear to be equal to the old brigade, though one or tw, of them payed in a style of some promise. Al an orgaeization, holsever, they were of little account, and Warrington will not have many such easy journeys to success in the contests to came. Saville was the best of the lot, and next to him came Trotter and Oram, forwards, and Gough, half-back.

The home lot seemed of entirely different ealibre, Jones especially earning distinction. For a man t) ob. tain 3 goals and a try on the occasion of his first appear- ance in his clubs arena is a recommendation ta popu- larity which requires some beating. The crowd already weirs to make an idol of J3nes, but be will make a big mistake if he allows them to do anything of the sort. A man who is idolised thinks more about the men who wsrship him than he doss aLont the game. Jones ap- pears to bs a player who plays the game as it should be played, however, and his display at centre on Saturday fully satisfied the critics. The Stockport officials seemed a bit sorry that he • was not on their Bide. whiah is net very surprising for they seem badly off for a capable man in this position. A feature ot the game was Joe( s's goal-kioking, which faisly opened all eyes. The last goal he lan-'ed, from touch, was equal to anything of the sort which has been put to the credit of Warrington for a long time. Isher- wood also suede a highly successful debut, and notwith- standing a sore knee he played one of his best games oa Saturday. C. Wood, the Llynwypia man, showed sur- prisingly good form compared with his displays of last season and he will prob•bly keep his place. Merrvweather on the other wing, was not brilliant, but his steadiness and resolute,tar.kling were of service snore than once. Moores was only fair at full back. He re- quires more practice with the "A" team yet. The only part of the home team which showed a pronounced weakness was behind the scrum. Bate and Ashurst are nothing like the pair they were, though the falling- off is principally on the part of Ashurst. Be seems quite oct of form and lost the team many chances by faulty passing. He will have to stand down for awhile. The for- wards, considering their lack of weight are parformiag very well, but a little of the north country blood, which is frequently talked of, is still required to make the eight really formidable.

The game itself on Satur •ay was an interesting one to watch, for the flashes of bright play were not infre- quent. Warrington went in for the open game I advo- vated and its success should encourage them to peraue it. They made it quite ev dmt that the ream possesses threequarters who can score if only the ball is passed out to them in a proper manner. Lt the:n get into a proper system of attack and they will do well. The de- fence is all right at any time There is still a inaric.d tendlncy to run the wing men into toach,and the centres must cultivate the art of naaking a way towards the goal rather than the corner-sag. Isherwood, for in- stsrice, might have much improved hi g fine run in the secmd half if he had only doubled inside Saville and made for the posts. As it was, he, Merryweather, and J ,nes were all bunched in the corner and the try was Dearly lost. I think with similar open tactics this Satur- day they should beat Rochdale Hornets. They have, moreover, the enc-airagement of two successes on the Hornets ground in the past two seasons, and the reputed bad form of their opponents. This latter must not be too much counted on however, for the IVehdalians are sure to be desperately anxious to notch their fir,t league point.

The League table up ti date, is as below. It affords an interesting study already with Runcorn on the top and Warrirwton 6h on the list. No less than four clubs are without a single point,while such cracks as Swinton and Broughton Rangers in a very humble position.

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. For. Against. Runcorn Oldham Salford Widnes 3. 2. 1. 0.. 1 7 23... 1 1... 5... 4 Leigh Warrington 3.. 1. 1. 1 4 6 26 .. 2 3... 13,.. 3 St. Helens Stockport 2... 1. 1. 0.. 3 4 18... 4 4... 20... 2 Swinton Brouglit'n Rag'r's 3... 1... 2... 0... 1 2 8... 7 5... 29... 2 Rochdale Hornets 1... 0... 1... 0... 1 1— 5... 1 4... 14... 0 Wigan Millom Tyldosley 3.. 0. 3. 0.. 2 1— 7.. 9 16... 66... 0

===== 0002601_18990922_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

I Oa Sunday morning, at six o'clock, J. W. Stocks corn- moncerl an attempt to make a motor-tricycle record be- tween Land's End ani John o' Groats. He fully ex- pected to accomplish the journey between the two , places in less than two days, which meant that his ' time between Land's End And Recoil% the half-way houso, would be under twenty-lour hours. He was thnod to be at Kendal at five o'clock on Monday morn- ing, but owinv. to breakdowns between Land's End and Exeter and the bal state of the reads he did not reach Kendal until nine o'clock on Monday morning. The conditions were all against him then,rain falling and the rw's loping heavy, awl he abandoned the attempt. He had then accomplished about four hundred miles. Up to Warrington, however, his time had been good, as he had done the 358 miles in nineteen and a quarter hours, or au average ot 182 miles per hour.

In cinnection with the ride it shluld 131 mentioned that the zealous police of Sleaford, Lincolnshire. nrese- cutel StockA for Niious riding, and a prwalty of £3 and coit I was imposed hv the insic.7istrares. Stocks did not app,ar or he might have got off with a more moderate fine.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MOURNING : W. T. WILLIAMS makes a SpecialFy of Family and Complimentary Mourning. Choice Mate:la's and fligh Class Dressmaking at Moderate charges. 74, SANKEY-STREET .I,ND 1, LEMI-tTREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING GALA AT WARRINGTON. INTERNATIONAL WATER POLO MATCH.

ENGLAND V. WALES.

The War:ington Swimming Club has to be con- gratulated upon the success which attended the gala and International polo match at the Baths in Leh-street on Saturday evening. This is the first time we believe, tnat Warrington has been selected for an International match of any description, and it speaks well for the reputation which the War- rington bath has gained, that it should be chosen for SLICI an important event. It was also a further matter for congratulation that the Warrington Swimming Club has at least one member suffi.dently well qualified to receive international honours in Mr A. G. Robertson. On entering the bell on Saturday to take up his position in goal Rob.rtson received a flattering reception from his townspeople. In addition to the polo match there were several im- portant local eventc, including the schoolboy :;ham- pionship of Warrington and district and the chaoa- , pionship of ‘Varrington and district (150 yards). Dellite the enhanced prices which had to be , elarged for admission there was a large attendance. The local committee had made excellent arrange- im,,nts and everything passed off satisfactorily. The officials were the following ;—Judges, Messrs J Critchley, J Evans and T Locker ; starter, Mr J tterbyshire ; check starter, Mr G Grounds, and com- petitors' stewards, Messrs R I Harding and S J Beaman ; hon. secretaries, Messrs F Garside and A G Robertson ; hon. treasurer, Mr C H Wood.

50 YARDS HANDICAP.

The first event was a 50 yards handicap for members of the Warrington club only. This was decided in eight heats, the first in each heat being allowed to swim in the second round. The winners of heats were : J P Prince, A Baker, W Suttou, A Bosnow, J Graham, C Aslitou, W Win- stanley, and E A Jens. The competition generally was very keen, and ti-re was litt,la to CloOmt betwc,,n the swimmers. The second round left Boscow, Ashton, and Winstauley for the final, and they provided a very good race. Baker, who started scratch man and swam splendidly, won first honours, half a yard in front of Ashton, who touched a second before Boscce —F,rst prize, electro-plated tea and coffee service ; second, case of carvers ; third, gent's toilet a 99 ; fourth, gold film- albert.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLBOY CHANIPIONSHIP.

For the schoolboy cha.mpi nship of Warrington and diitrict, only six boys enterei. Three rite,ials were offered, and the winner became the holder of the " Thornton" perpetual challenge bowl for one year. Five of the competitors were from the People's College School, viz. : T Pemberton, J A.hton, W BroadhuNt, F Hallwood, and A Barnes. 0 Sinclair of Hamilt,on- street School was the rem Aining competitor. The holder of the howl was C Turner, of Heathside School, who had won it two yr ars in succession, but this Tar he did no: enter the contest. The race was a very good one, and there was little to choose between the competitors until within a dozen yards from the end, when BroAhurst (People's College), forged ahead and secured the coveted honour of the championship. T Pemberton was a good ,eond, alai A Barnes was hardly more than a foot be- hind him. CIIAMPIONSHIP OF WAR RINGTON AND DISTRICT.

The distance swum in the comp, tition was 150 yards, The priz-s were the Licensed Vieuallers p irpetual chal- lenge trcptiv and three medals (presented by the War- rington and district Licensed Victuallers Association). This championship was won in 1897 by 'l'. Locker and last year by W. Creighton. The last named swimmer was a c-impetitor this year, but he was beaten by A. Ashton who won by three yards. There were only three competitors, v'z : T W Davies. A Ashtel, and W Creighton. The race was rather of a ta-no ordor. Ashton drew away from the others at the cornmenc,-ment of the last length and won Pasily by three:ya.rds. Creighton was second and Davies who was a foot b• hind, third. The time was 2 min ssocs.

THE POLO MATCH -ENGLAND WINS EASILY.

The event of the evening WAS the international polo match, and the interest of the epectatore may be sai to have been centred in it. It was perhaps, unfortenate that it should have proved such a one-sided affair for this detracted from the interest. Wales have only four clubs from whith to select an international polo team, and are therefore considerably handicapped in placing a team in the bath to compete with England with any chance of success. Their display on Saturday was some- what disappointing. There was a lack of combination, and their shots had no sting behind them. But this is anticipating the game somewhat. The teams entered the water as selected. They were composed as follows: England : A G Robertson (Warrington), goal ; A L Jones (Everton), and J E Taylor (Leicester). backs ; Sharrock (Wnite star), half back ; P C Robertson (London Polytechnic), J H Hellings (Ravensbourne), and P Ripley, captain (St. Helens). forwards. Wales : E C Lane (Newport), goal ; J Rowan (Swansea) and F C Lee (Penarth), backs ; Ii J Herbert (Newport), half back ; E A Fry, J Wallace, (Penarth) and W Doherty Swansea), ' forwards. The officials were : Referee, Mr J Carmichael (Ireland) ; timekeerer, Mr F R Edwards (hon. secretary N.C. A.S A.) ; and goal scorers : Messr, Rederiek Williams (prsident N.C.A.S.A.) and J J Neill (president of Welsh Swimming Association.) In the first half the Welsh team defended the deep end. Hellinge secured from the first throw out, and passed to Sharrock. A clever movement by that player enabled Robertson (the London Polytechnic) to get possession, but he was spoiled by a foul. A moment later the Lou. diner had a chance and sent in a shot which Lane smartly accounted for. The Welshmen, were, however, unable to clear their lines and Hellings took advantage of a clever pass, and scored the first goal. The defence of the English team was tested by Wallace, but Sharrock secured and sent in a beautiful long shot which Lane pur. into the net in attempting to clear. A brilliant passing movement by Jones and Ripley gave Sharrock a capital chance, but Fry fouled. Hellings, however took full advantage of the pass out, heating Lane with a hard shot. The Welsh players now exhibited a little spirit and played much more vigorously in theopen. Hollings was penalized and Doherty was able to give Wallace a chance, but the final effort went wide. Excel- lent play by the English team took the hall well into their opponents' half, and Lane was called upon to save two shots in rapid succession. Lee relieved and Wallace made a bid, but Taylor effected a beautiful save. k moment later 11)bertson WAS called upon, but the shot which was from Lee lacked sting and he had no difficulty in clearing. Following a spell of even play Ripley secured and after a fine dribble set in an excellent shot, which Lane was applauded for clear- ing. Shortly after Robertson had a couple of shots to deal with, hut he had no difficulty in keeping his goal intact. Sharrock took the ball well into the opposing half and passel to Robertson (London), who sc)red easily. Play continued round the Welsh goal and Lane had a hot time. He was repeatedly cheers d for brilliant saves, but could not entirely resist the onslaught, and Robertson added two more goals, the score at half- time reading England six coals Wales none. After the change of ends Robertson (London) was first conspicuous with a splendid shot, Lane having to concede a corner. There was no immediate result, but play continued dangerously near to the Welsh goal, and Sharrock bad hard lip's, the ball going over. Rowan took the ball away and gave to Herbert who neglected an excellent opportunity to score. A fine passing movement between Jones, Ripley. and Sharrock took the ball well up the bath, and Robertson (London) receiving in a favourable position added the seventh goal. It was a short-distance shot and Lane had no chance, Numerous fouls toek place, and for a minute or two the ball travelled quickly from end to end. Walface had a shot at goal, hut Robertson was found to be quite safe. Doherty and Wallace passed the English backs, and the former was fouled in front of goal. He was awarded a penalty. and Robert,ora was beaten by a hard shot. England reasserted themselves, and had the best of the play for the remainder of the match. Robertson (London) added another goal for them, and at the call of time the score was England eight goals, Wales one. '',4I7COIJNCILLOR PIERPOINT.AND WARRINGTON WATER.

Councillor PIERPOIIiT delivered a brief speech during a short intgival., He saii he thought the town of War- rington might congratulate itself that it possessed a bath ,of the character of the one before him. Many impor- tant races and contests had taken place in it, but he believed that was tbe first occasion upon which the bath had been chosen for such an important event as an international polo match. They might regard that as a sufficient credential that the bath was perfect in every respect. (Applause.) As a member of the Corporation of Warrineton, although he was proud of the bath, he was not proud of the water with which it was filled. (Wear, hear.) Though discoloured, how- ever, it was perfectly clean, and as the swimmers had suffered no inconvenience he would take no further exception to it. He supposed that owing to the long drought it bad had to be filled from Walton, and that would account for the darkness of the colour of the water. Besides having so good a bath there was another thing which Warrington might congratulate its-lf upon, and that was that it had so many very excellent swim- mers. (Applause.) That was a matter for great con- gratulation, and ke thought the Warringten Swimming Club might shake hands with itself upon the fleet that one of its members had been selected to play in so important an event as an international polo match. (Applause) He had had the pleasure many a time of seeing Rebert‘on between the sticks in the football ground, but he had never seen him keen goal at polo. He could ear, however, that if he was able to play poi Re well as he played f 4otball they would not have very much to complain about. (afar, hear.) In spite of the excitement which might he engendered by the desperate character of the match they were about to witness he hoped everyone pre3eot would give every facilitation to the proper conduct of the came, wh!le, of course, awarding the players the legitimate applause they deserved. He did not for a moment anticipate that anything ofj,etiocablo would occur, but sc metimes they

===== 0002601_18990922_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899

were liable to be carried away by th it feelings and say things which they were sorry for after wards. He hoped they would have a dowaright goad ganvi, a fair field, and m. fair. Jur. (Applause.)

waegure they would all go away satiafied with the ex- planation and better prepared to asst the filesmiths,in the fu3..ure than ttley had in the pit. (Hear, hear.) He was perfectly satisfied that the statement o the Asso- ciitioa vras correct, and he was canvassing for subserip- tip:es when he was intornyd of what he had tpld Ulm], that night. vie thoue,ht the public should know that there were no false s'at.ments in the circular. He would no :v .sccon,l Mr. Grealy's The mot:ion was carried unanimously. Mr. BA.TTIMSBY who had just arrived at the meeting wished to say umething with reference to the false statements that were being oircelatel. He said that had their (the Aesoniation'e) statement been untrue he fialught the persens most interested—the masters— would have refuted it. They could depend upon its being true.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
DINNER AT THE PATrEN ARILS.

The interuationtl polo teams were entertained to dinner at the Patten Arm; irrinvdi ately aßer the match by the Warrington Swimming Club. Mr. Lncker pre,ided, and extended to the teams a cordial welcome. Mr. J. J. Nield (President of the Welsh Swimming Asso- ciation) in returning thanks said the memhers ot the Welsh team had profi:ei by their experience that night. They learned somethirw recently when the St. Helens team visited South leaks, and that night they had learned something more. He might point out that ther in Wales had not had any eonsid,rable eitperioric of the game, and that they hkd only been ab!e to draw from four places for thrir team They had, however, a nom- ber of promising young players coming forward. Wal,s learnt her football from England, arid he thought they would admit that they had proved apt popils: (Laugh- ter.)—Mr. S. Williams, President of the N.C.A.S.A., returned thanks on behalf of the E sglish team. He facetiously referred to the anomalous p ;sit.ion he occu- pied as a Welshman in being called upon to respond for the Englisa team. Tnough his duty was to speak for the EnJlish team his symptthies were with the Welsh- men. (L tughter.) Songs were contributed by Messrs. Wallace and L tne (Penarth), Finch, Fieldhouse, Daven- port and Einson. An evertaining feeure was provided by me. Wells, who contributed several selections with a crrarnaphene. On the Welsh team departing shortly before midnight they gave three hearty cheers for the English team.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON Td.A.OgS AND LABOUR COUNCIL. MONTHLY MEETING.

THE POSITION OF THE FILESMITEIS.

The monthly meeting of the Warrinvon Trades and Labour Cuncil was held at the" Waggon an I Hones " Ilutterrnarket-street, on Tuesday eveninz. There were present—Messrs J Edwardson, A Leech, R Whitby, E Plinston, J Brown, JzGrealy, J Mather, J Wood, G 1:13tou, T Lee, F Stott, Edward Roberts, William Parr, T Ri4by, F Straw, r Plumb, F Baker, Faulkaer, W Rath- bone, J Appleton, Maloue, El Parsons, Polmore, W Bat- ter:thy, and W Bullock (t,eeretary). Tb 4 SECRETARY read a letter frlm the President pro tem. Mr. A. C. Binl. regretting, his inability to attoud tiarough Mr. J. Edwardson was unanimously elected chairman for the evening. The minutes of the lact meeting were road by the Se- cretary,and passed on the motion of Mr. Grealy,seconied ny Mr. Whitby. THE FILESMITHS' DISPUTE—ALLEGED MIS- REPRESENTATIONS.

Amongst the cerrespondence read by the secretary was the following letter from Mr. James Battersby, se- cretary of the Fill-smiths' /Ass )ciation 22, Cart- wright-street, Warrington, September 15th, 1899. Mr Bullack. Dear sir,—At a joint meeting of the strike committee of the Filesmiths's Union and the management committee of the Warriogton Trades Council held on Wedneslay night last, the following resolutions were adopeed, viz :—" That this meeting advies the Warring- ton Trades Council to recommend a levy to be put on the various trades to assist the Fileetniths in tbeir struggle." " That a public meeting be held on the matte- under the auspices of the Trades Council." "chat Vie best thanks of this meeting he given to Mr. Bullock for presiding." Will you kindly attend to the above at your next meeting. Yours truly, James Battersby. A copy of tee second appeal issuee by the association was enclosed in the le;ter. an i was read by the secretary. It was as fellows :- To iac Trade Union- ist' of Great Britain arid Ireland.—WarringtoreSeptenn- ber 11th, 1899.—We,the filesmiths of Warrington, again earnestly appeal for support to enable us to continue our struggle with the naasters, who refuse to accede in any way to our demands fir a sliget increase its our wages, wilich are practically the same as they were 50 years ago. The trade unionists of this country will readily recegnise that we have serieus and just cause for complaint when we state that, after having served seven years' appreniieeship to the trade, our wagss on the whole do not exceed £1 per week. We cast refer with pleasure to the fict that we have been affiheted with the Warrington Trades and L abour Cauncil since its inception aticeit 25 years age. We are also ineorper- ateci with the Federated File francs of Great Britain. You will therefore see that we have embraced the great principle of ueity of action We can also refer t o the tact that since the year 1874 we have given to various trade disputes no less a sum than £5OO. which is a large amount considering that during the whole of that period we have nnt received anything in return. We have now been out 11 weeks, and there are no Si:NM indicative of settlement, the masters now (as from the first) ignoring our claims, and refusing to in any way bring about a , satisfactory settlement of tite dispute. rur brother trade unionists and the public generally will see that, having almest 200 men to maintain, the s-rugele means life or death to us, for if unsuccessful we shall be more degraiel than at present (which is bad eneue.h) ; hut if successful there will he a happier anl a brighter future before us. Should any lodge or branch of trade union- ists, or any trades c onacil, desire one or more of our membsrs to wait upon them for the purpose of explain- ing in greater detail our position we shall be pleased to comply with such request. Hoping and believing that our appeal will not he in vain. We are yours faithfully, JOSEPH DA.GNALL,Pre3ideflt; JAMES BATTERsßY,Secretary, 22, Cartwright-street. Mr. T. RIGBY said that as one of the deputation from the Filesmith's Association, be might say that that was the 126 week they had been on strike. They were not only fighting for a small advance in wages, but for their rights combined. (Hear, hear.) They had done all in their power to meet the roasters on fair terms.and had offered suggestions to them, but they (the masters) did not suggest anything to them. They had gone to them by inviration and otherwise to see if terms c ,uld not be arranged. It was a fact that many men worked for low wages whilst others did fairly well. It was their idea, aad it had been their idea all along, to evalies the rate of wages snore than it had been bafore. (Hear, hear.) They had suggested to the masters that they took a entrain percentage from men who did the very best class of work, and gave it to those who did the very worst— (Hear, hear) which they considered was a fair sugges- tion. The masters, however, objected to doing so, and Said trade was not good enough to allow them to give an advance of wages, but they (the men) thoueht trade wasisufficiently good.—(Hear. hear).—All other trades had advanced whilst they kept in the same position. They were fairly well supported throughout the country, and what they wanted was the support of bigger societies. (Hear, bear.) Various societies were levying their men, and a small amouat to them would mean a lot to Filesmiths. If a large society put on a small levy, it would keep them for a considerable length of time. They had received contributions from different Trades Councils, but he was sorry to Ray that Council seemed to be larking in that respect. Be did not know exactly whet the state of affairs was financially, but he did not see why that Council should not assist them as well as ethers.

Mr. GREALY thought the best thing to do would be to pass a re,iolution reqirrsting the secrPtary to write to the secretaries of the different societies represented in the Council, desiring thf.m to lay the facts of the CARO before the members, and ask them to support the filesnriths whilst they were en strike. (Hear. hear.) At this point, Mr. J. BROWN said he had been told by a pers-m well-known to the committee, that what the fil(9miths were telling the public was false. He wanted to have the matter put right. • Mr. GREALY 7.thoucibt that the statement should not be heard unless the name of the informant was given.

Mr. BRAWN did not think it would be wine to tell the name. Continuing he said that he was informed that the:filesmitbs in Warrington were not receiving on an average £1 a weekelome being in receipt of over £2. There were a number who made small files and they received £1 a week and even less. What he wanted to know was if they wanted them to understand that the average rate of nay was £1 or more than that. Mr. RIGBY said there were one or two present who could answer that question better than he. He asked them to allow another member of the deputation to reply. Mr. ROBERTS wes asked to answer the question. He said he had been a file cetter for forty years and there- fore thought he had had sufficient expeiience to under- stand what file-cutting w.s. As Mr. 'Rigby had said, there were some who did fairly well. On the contrary others only earned £1 a week, and they were trying to equalize the wages. (Hear, hear.) If a man got £2 a week, the work was exceptionally good, and the week had been an exceptional one. Going to extremes in one direction they might go to extremes in another. They found men earning only 14e a week. He had been challenged about the same question before by a man who said he knew someone getting £2 a week. He asked him what time he worked till and he said till 8 o'cleack on ordinary nights and 11 oteleck on Friday. If they reckoned up they would find that was 80 hours a week in all. He did not call that a week he thought it was a week and a half. (Hear, hear.) Their object was to raise the wages of those who were getting No little and they had sympathisers with that object. There were men who had gone in not sat'sfied with trying to rob them of their rights, but were trying to hinder them whilst they were fiehting. He went in one of the works with a deputa- tion last week and men had made fun of them Efil should like to know who it was that told Mr. Brown ; h. was certain it would be one of the men who was try- ing to defeat them. They were willing to'submit their case to arbitration. Men who were turning out the best of work gee 30s. and 355. a week ; a man had gone back to work that day who had proved himself a traitor from the beginning, and had handicapped them ever since ttey went en strike. He would ray he could ant 35g. a wedc, hut he had to work till 10 or 11 o'clock t night. He said ar!ain the was not working for a week but a ',reek and a half.

Mr. J. BROWN said that after what they had heard la

===== 0002601_18990922_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC MEE fING TO BE HELD.

The next rpsol ution mentioned in Mr. —l3—atiorsby's let- ter—" That a public meeting be held on the matti.u. under Ur, auspices of the Tr ideg Council" was then con- sidered.

Mr I.3<trrgasnY said that thl Filesmit Srike C)11- mitten though-. that a public rnEPting should be h,ll and that .t would have greatr‘r influ,nce if it was held under the auspices of the Trades Council. (Hear, hear.) They proposed tha: it take pl ice on Jillinkty evening next in 110 suitable room.

Mr. PLIASTON' propose I that the Co innil take under thsir guidan the forthcoming meeting eu,:gested ti be held next Manday. Undoubt..dly it would be tee beet p ,ssibl,e way of bringing the grievances of the filestnithe befor • the piblic of Warringt on. (Hear, hear.) He htd heard the r ports m3otirmed by Mr. Brown, and h. Ld ask ^d one of the men who told him that the statement issuo,l was fals,e, to contradict it in th:, public press. He heard said it was n w)rth the trouble. ['hey (the file - smith's) shoold make the state of affairs known through the press, by having a pubhc melting, and make it known that they wore going to rise from the ab)mi lab's serfdom th-y had been in, in the past to manhood. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SToTr seconded the resolution and it wAs carried.

The queitiol awl 3,011 t) Wi sh )011 b.! the cp,ikers, aq 4it w th 014 h.: th it •he goatkmen •iugvs- tsi couid n b.! 0) niniaij w,th ii tir to Ii 1d ch meeting on Monday. Alter LI suusiloa it was doctdoi thlt it should bl loft to the committee of insnlgem,at to arrange the date. ELECTION OF AUDITORS.

Wsers. Rathbone au 1 Piinsto wer unanimouily electni auditors for the ensuioz yeAr.

NOMINATION OF OFFICERS.

Tue fol'ow,ng wt::e rio-niiatlrl for e-11Ction ut th, annual meeting of :the Council :—President, Mr. C. Bunks ; Tic —pre ident, Mcssrs. J. Elwardson and J. Brown ; secretary, Mr. Bullock ; treasurer, Mr Batteirsby ; EX,ClitiVO C3namitte,, Mesirs ton, Malone, Groaly, SainnroJk, Woids, Malkin an.l Brown.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY SERVAN N MEETING.

The SECRETARY said hie had received -n intimation from tha secretary of the Railway Sorv;Auts' Union that the GNteral Secretary was going to ad ire is A nie,'ti of the W.vrinton Br the), aid th-y invhed all in.inner; and trades unioni•iti to attend From what he 11,d heard he believed Mr. Bell was a good man, and did good work for the Society.

- Mr. FAULKNER gail that the meatlug wou!d take pLac- on October Bth.

It was decided that Mr. Bullock a,ccept Val invitation, Mr. Battersby remsrkitig that he hlpel Trades Mai.ists wnild ra!ly r)un I tht,. railway servants, as they h d assist-A the filesmiths manfully wh Is', they had been on strike, and that was the test of friendship.

A. COMMAINT FRONI THE HIIRDRE3SER3. Mr. Vocodioaig sail h 3 had a little Ina:ter to brine for- ward on behalf of the hairdrassers who were members of the council to which he asked their atten ion and sympathy, ani that was the pmition of the tr.a.cle as re• ganiel tra les unionism. He ,had the nam.l3 of three prominent tra les unionists who were in the habit of patronising hairdressers who did not charge the s'andard rate, and some welt to shave on Sunday moraines at tke shops of inei who were busily ea:43vi during the week at some other trade and tried oi Saulav m)r rin to take business fritti members of the Asscciation. He sited them to brine the matter before the branchps,and poiot ,;ut. to trades unionists that consist incv wts one of the first thingsin tradls unionism. He was one wile believed in collective action, and dii not wis!l thtir society to raik ab iot severing their conne3tion with the Couocii, although they were only a small sockty and brought a litbie ammuat in fees. He asked them to bring the matter before their societies and hello the hair.iressers, as they asi3tc I trades unionists to the best of their miwer.

Further remarks nn the subj,ct were made by Mr. PLINSTON who th luzht the subject br mzlit for- ward 137 llr. Po Im 3ro was one of 1,,,re tt The matter then dr lop 3J, several m •mher 4 primiein.; to see tlioio whose names were given by Mr. Polm.-;re about the in tter.

THE CHAIRMAN THANKED, ' Ths SgCRETARY prop secl a vor,, of thanks ta ti Chairman who, be said, had despatched the lonsiness far more quickly than he thou.:ht he would hive done. Mr. tis.rreßsnrseconded, alai the motion was carrhd unanitnoustv. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

REVISING THE LISTS.—On Saturday afternoon, Mr. Clement E. Lloyd attended at the Club Room of the Lnridon Bridge Inn. Stockton Heath to revise the lists in the Appleton polling district, which com- prises the townships of Appleton-with-Bull, Stockton Beath, and Stretton. Mr. H. J. Westbrook and Mr. Dean represented the Conservatives, and Mr. Smith the Liberals. Mr. Edwin Bradshaw, assistant overseer, was present as representing Stockton Heath, and Mr. Jobh Ellison as representing Appleton and Stretton. Except the officials only one or two persons were present, and the proceedings were devoid of public intereAt.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CASES

At the Earlestowo Police Station, on Tuesday morning bafore Ntr. C. B. F. Borton, Eilea Davies, of no tixed abode, was charged on the information of P.C. Fox with t:o.d.ng drank on Monday, and in de- fault of paying a fine of 21. 61, and costs was sent to gaol tor 7 days John Kent, at the same court, a labourer of Earlestown, was also charged with being drunk, and was fined 58 and costs. P.C. Schofield proved the charge. PRIXEITITE METHODIST BAND OF HOPE, EARLESTOWN.

The winter session of this society was opened by a public meeting on Wednesday evening in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. The Rev. E. Bocock presided, and there was a very fair attend- ance. The Chairman offered a few remarks by way of opening, and an address on Temperance was given by Mr. W. H. Dale. A programme of songs and recitati ons was very pleasingly rendered by Misses Baxter, 1 ullins, Woods, Rawlins,Pendry and Harrison.

1.0. G T. HOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE. A mestiPg of ti is: odge;was held in the Co-operative Hall, Wargrave-road, on Monday evening, Brother Francis, C.T. presiding. After the usual opening services, one membcr was re-obligated, Sic Francis and Sic Grant being appointed as the regalia com- mittee, The Secretary reported that Sister Duncan, P.D.S.G.T. had accepted the invitation to speak at the Juvenile a nniversary. The programme was a, night with the convention officers. Bro Francis C.T. then called on Bro Roberts,P.C.C.T., Bro Sheath of Warrington Bro and Sic Turner of St. Helens,and Bro Battersby of Leigh, each of whom briefly des- cribed the state of the Order and of the temperance cause:in their district and the efforts that were be- ing made,Bro Turner also describing the work in the Army. Refreshments were handed round by Sister Warburton and Sister Ord.

NEWTON T. PETER'S CHURCH, BIBLE CLASS. The first ot a series of socials was held in St. Peter's Schools on Saturday evening in con- nection with the newly formed Young Men's Bible Class which is to be conducted by the Rev. James Rider, the Vicar of St. Peters. There were about 80 present including the Vicar and church officers. The proceedings were initiated at 6 o'clock by a substantial knife and fork tea, which it is needless to say, was fully enjoyed. After tea games of vari- ous kinds and dancing, were indulged in, the in- tervalsnbeing filled up with singing, in which Messrs. DeVereUX, Grace, Perry and Miss Wilkinson took part. The Rev. James Rider in a very brief address congratulated the Committee upon the suc- cess of their first gathering and referred in promis- ing terms to the proposed Blble class. Mr. Single- ton also spoke, and a thoroughly enjoyable evening terminated about 10-30. Mr. P. Fairclough officiated at the piano. BARLESTOWN WESLEYAN CRICKET CLUB.

A general meeting of the above club was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Monday evening. The reason the meeting has been held so early, is in order that a secretary could be appointed, to arrange fixtures for next season, a great deal of in- convenience having been -experienced during the past season, by the previous secretary booking wrong dates for fixtures, &c. Mr. E. Wolfe was elected to the chair, anti the temporary secretary (Mr. Joeph Anderton) proceeded to give a short re- view of the past season's work. The club have had a very succastsful season only two matches having been lost, and in one of these they were handi- capped by several of their best players being absent. The election of officers was next proceeded with, and resulted as follows :—Committee, Messrs 6, Robitiv,n, P Talbot, II Clare, J Roberts, James Marsh, C Broster, Joseph Marsh, T Farthing, and T Clare; Treasurer, Mr E Goblin ; Secretary, Mr J Yorke; Assistant Secretary, Mr C F Porter; Captain, Ist team, Mr E Goslin ; Vice- Captain, Mr J Anderton ; Captain, 2nd team, Mr F Farthing; Vice-Captain, Mr F Clare. It was decided that the membership fees for next season shall be:— Adults, playing members, 3s. Non-playing members 35., boys (under elghteen) 2s. The question as to the playing ground was raised but it was eventually decided to leave the matter in the hands of the new committee.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe eranuncr " oertes

OF LA.NCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY rificwsPaPena. Comprises THE Warrington and 311.-Cheshire Examiner, pub- liabed every Saturday morning. THE Barkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday :Ifternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 'THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- L day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1. morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. ' 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 ls. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss. 04. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAIMENT only. No advertise tnent inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

Advertisements received at any of the District Offices ro may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. &amp received for amounts under ss.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise meat specified below, and are strictly confined to those which ar ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale: APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LRT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT

THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

===== 0002601_18990922_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

COMPRISES rrIIE Warrington and Mid-Cheshit e Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a la, ge agricultural tract.

TRE EarlestoW nand Newton Examiner,and Ashton, Golberne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

THE St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly Hews, published Friday afternoon. Tha district ccmprises the oentre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. ,tc.

rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are Inserted In all the above papers at one charge. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver-

tisements in ALL the FIVH EXAMINHIL3.

WANTBDS. . TO BB LIT S 18 WORDS, VD., ' ON SALES, 3 And 3d for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. 2s. ed. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. 3s. Od. 36 is, Od. 2s. 6d. 48. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ss. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od.

Advertisers of Situations Wanted , S ituation s Vacant,Apart- ments Wanted. Apartments to be Let, Partnerships Want-A, Money Wanted, Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract, Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Premises to be Let r Sold, hare thu a the opportunity of

===== 0002601_18990922_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE.

"THE EXAMINER." SERIES. THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, THE "Sr. HELENS EXAMINER, AND PRESCO WEEKLY NEWS," THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND RAYDOCS REPORTER," THE" RUNCORN EXAMINER." AND TuE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

Werringtrn.—Printed and Pub7ishrd by JOHN WALNErte Co., at The Framiner Oen,ral Printing Works. Bev"r street, and published by theta at the sante place and RIO e- at The Examiner Offices. Petorla-road, WIDNES; org street, Sr. HELEss, and 3, Marl<,,t-itreet, Benr.,Esr)vlN the County of Latietist, an,l 'Also at High-street. RN:fecal,' in the County of Chester. —thE TEMBER 22, 1E99.

===== 0002601_18990922_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS.

BOWLS

JOSEPH DARLINGTON

the tnted old Bowl Turner, invites the inspection of his good selection of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignurn- vitce, and made strictly to follow the jack.

BILLIARD BALLS, &c

GENERAL WOOD AND IVOIZY TURNER

12, 14, Sz IG, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL

E3tablished 1826.

===== 0002601_18990922_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEU?' GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET„ _ WARRINGTON.—MBETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. SEPTBMBBR 24m as follows:—Preacher, Mr. R. Ff. LANDRR of Stockport Worship 10-39. School 2. Gospel 6.30. AR seats free. No collection. Books provided.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WkRWINGTOW. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTA:MERE 24pit. W. 30 REV. C. H. HorKEN. 6.30 REV. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

SL ANN'S PARISH CHURCH, WINWICIC- 'IO ROAD, WARRINGTON, HARVEYU THANKSGIV- ING SERVlCRS.—Preackere, to-morrow (Sunday) September 24i1a; 10.30, 2.30. The Rev. J. DAVIRS the Vicar ;31 p.m, the Hen. Rev. C F. CROSS. Thank-Offerings fin' Curate and Bible% omen's Fund.

FRIARS GREEN INDEPENDENT METIIODIST CHURCH. CHAPEL AN NIVERSARY. On SUNDAY, OCT. IsT, 1899, TWO SERMONS Will be preached in the above Church by MR. A. ROSCOE, OF BOLTON. MORNING SERVICE 10-33. EVENING 6-30, In the Afternoon at 2-15, the SACRED CA.NTAT ENTITLED : "ESTHER THE BEAUTIFUL QUEEN," Will be render.d by the Choir. Collections at each Service in aid of Trust Funds.

LATCHFuRD 13PI1bT CHURCH. A BAZAAR IN AID OF THE ABayE PLACE OF WORM:Lip, WILL ez HEr.n IN TILE SCHOOLROOM, WASH-LANE. ow WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND nIDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 27, 28, AND 29, 1899. To be opened each day at 2.30. Cw WEDNESDAY BY MISS NAYLOR. CHAIRMAN. IL A. NAYLOR, ESQ. THURSDAY, BY MRS. W. PIERFOINT. Councillor W. PIERPOINT will give an ADDRES3. CHAIRMAN, W. DAVIDSON, EaQ. The Bazaar will also be open on FRIDAY. ADMI9SION :—Wednesday, by Season Ticket, is., after 6 o'c'eek 64.; Thursday 64., after 6 o'clock 3d.; Friday 3d., after 6 o'clock free. - - CHURCH OF ST. BARNABAS, WARRINGTON. HARVEST FESTIVAL 1899. 2 ,SUND AY, 24TH SEPTEMBER. MORNING 10.3 C, PREACHER: REV. W. BEACBCAMP, X. PETERS, WARRIPGTON. EVENING 6.31'. YREACHER REV. E. ST. ARNAUD DUB, MA., Vicar of St. Dun- stan's, Liverrool. and formerly of St. &amebas. CHILDREN'S SERVICE, at 3.3 J p.m. Address by Rev. T. H. G. Hollingworth, (St. Pauls). Special Music at all the Services Parishioners are specially invited, but all will be Welcome. The Offertories will, as usual, be devoted to the Choir Fund.

BRADLEY PASS & Co 68, HANOVER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 2 DOORS FROM aOLD-srazET. FRAME MAKERS, GILDERS, AND DECORATORS, ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLOURS, OIL PAINTINGS, VERY CHEAP.

L WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION.—The ANNUAL MEETING ,)f L4ub- , scribers and Friends of the Association, will be held in the LECTURE ROO'd at the MUSEUM, MUSRUM-STREET, • on TUESDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER 3nr. 1899, at 4 o'clock. All friends of the movement are ()cordially invited to attend. • MRS., ,GOSLETT, a member of the Sanitary Institntemil give an ADDRESS on SANITATION as regards Nursing. J. D. FAIRCLOUGH, Hon. Secretary. NV AREINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE OPENING LECTURES. MONDAY NEXT, SUPTEnBER 25rm. "JOSEPH PPRIESTLhY." by Mr. F. G. RUDDOCK, F. 1.0. LECTUBE Room, Museum-street, at 8 o'clock. Admission Free.

UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES., ENGLISH HISTORY, A Courseof SIX LECTURES will be delivered he the CO OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET. by F E SMITH Esq., M.A. B C.L., Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, en ''THE HISTOI3Y OF THE ENGLISH PEOPLE IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY," on ALTEarrxrz WEDNESDAYS. at 7-45, commencing OCTOBER 4TX. Zickets for the course, ls ; Front Seats (Subscribers), 2s 6d and Syllabus may be had at the Museum (Lending Library) CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

W AC,B tiTON TECHNIC AL INSTITUTE SCHOOL OF ART. DRAWING. MODELLING, PAINTING, DRAPED LIFE, CLASS DESIGN, WOOD-CARVING. The DAY CLASSES will RE-OPEN on TUESDAY SBPTEMEH 19xit. For particulars and fees, see Syllabus (postage id). CHARLES MADELEY (Secretary).

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE EVENING CLASSES. SCHOOL OF ART. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. (COMMERCIAL CLASSES. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. The Session will, commence on MONDAY. SEPTEMBER New Classes in Mathematics (Stage III), Theoretical Mechanics, lßotatty, Cookery (Adult class). For Time-tuble and Fees, see 'List of Clases. to be had at the Museum. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretory. The Museum.

TB E LICENSING ACTS 1872, 184. NOTICE ES EiEftERY GIVEN that a meeting of the COUN ri LICENSING COMMITTEE for the Hundred of West Dorhy, will no held at the County Sessions flruze, c.lineton. Liverpool, on FRIDAY the 6th day of OCTOBER NEXT, at 11 o'clock in•the tore- soon, for the purpose of confirming or otherwisethe grants of new Litenseo craw-0d under the provisions ef the Licensin.: Aoti;lB72, 1374. Dated this 121 h day of Septemb,r„ 1899. HARCOURT E. CLARE. Clerk of the Pea-co.

CHESHIRE (MINTY COUNCIL —THE TECHNICAL INSTRUCZION COMMI T TEE offer for CO A- PET:TION a NUMBER of SCHOLARSHIPS for DAM WORK, tesaable at the Dairy Institut°, Worles- ton, for ten weo=g, commencing on October let. Applications fur the same sh,uld be sent to the under- !lived not later tilan October 7th. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary, Crewe.

rifiESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMIT MR OFFERS FOR COMPETITION TWELVE SCHOLARSHIPS available at the Agricultural School, Holmes Chapel,for eight weets. These are open t I.rsons of -17 years of age and :up- Wards, and are of the value,ofiD3. For particulars and forms of applization, apply to the undersigraed before Septemberll.stti. ,RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe.

Vii2.LL OPEN MONDAY NEXT AT 3 P.M. BRITISH AND COLDMAL INDUSTRIAL EX- ST JAMES'S HALL MANCHESTER.. SEPTEMBRR TO OCTOBER 21ST. BAND OF THE ROYAL ISILRINES.(Portsmouth Divisiata) FAIRY FOUNTAIN. Admission :rl3 a.m. to 10 p.m. Is. After 6 p.m. on Monday' Wednesday and Friday 6d. Season Tickets 6s. 6d. Claildren A. P. BAKER. Manager.

TaTONIAS WRIGHT, FIRI3 AND TIZIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEM. SI.FE MAKER, 35, WEST-6T1:1-1ET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOG,PING COUGH cure without ' interna ---,------ _ HooriNet COUGH fnedzcznes. Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH. 4 :4. pe r bott 1 e. Sole Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS Sz; Sorr, 1.57, Quc-,en Victoria Street, CROUP Loudon. ROCHE'S lIE EZ EMBROCATION.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATS AND BUILDEEV! MKRCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSKAW COAL). HEAD OFFICic AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coat Sidings and Branch Office : Iltlarson Street, Warrington

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 221 BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

46jIIIQEG PARDON, EXCUSE AZ, BUT WHERE JLA DID-," " OH. YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LIME-STREW, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from ES, Bridge-street. Warrington to more suitable premises at radgate-lane. 14 AIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the most improved type of oven. ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 198.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A t BO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Seleftion of RARE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES. CHINA, and BRIO-A-BRA.C. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 83-RENSHAW-STRERI. LIV ERPOOL -63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austricra Cloth for 25.; Gloria. Silk for 3d.; Satin de Mine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each tecover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept. In stock. -27,11a.NcHicsTEn-aT. ; branch,9, Great George- street, Liverpool.

ATRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VAILIHTIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HAINOVER,STREET. LIVERPOOL.

FOeurrußEs. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES 11.* T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure 1 Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7A 9 Grosvenor-street Lon oon-road. Manchester.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. E. HUGHES, %ATE 5. ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, HAS REMOVED TO 36, PARADISt?, STRUET, LIVERPOOL. WHERE HE WILL SELL THE REMAINDER OF HIS HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF LAMES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COAT AND CAPES, AT SALE PRICES. Zr.fiE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN J. E. HUGHES, 36, PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

QPI4IOIDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- THIMS for our Celebrated 103. 6d (te) measure) TROUSBEIS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE and Co.. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent ear— riage paid.

SERG El JACKEPS 4s 6d; Cord and Mole Trousers 68 6d; Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth. 58 6d. HAGUE and Co.. LIM‘TED, 65. Byrom-street. Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

TO FARMERS. CIROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now N.J used by most leading Farmers in Cheshire and South Lancashire ; results proving that itis THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES. Depot: Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington. where full particulars and price may be obtained on apalication. For the convenience of Farmers in Sankey and district a stook is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T. Halton„Sankey.

• To BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS. FEELS, RODS. SCAL, BLOWERS. CHAFFERS. PIPES. EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINES' MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS. BUN PROVERS. PIPING TUBES. TEL URNS, ICE CREAM PRIMERS, &c., ALL BA.KBHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOOK. PRICK LIST ON APPLICATION. M. LOWE, 24, PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hill.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. • NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Cd. TAILS OF PURR HAIR, From '59. 6cl. Sent poet free on receipt of Postal ,Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS.- W. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 16s. NON-RIJ STING SPECTACLES FROM 6a. 6d. c_-, G. AND N. OTORES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. ARRINQTON UNION. SCHOOLMISTRESS WANTED.—The Guardians of the Warrington Union require the Services of a claable Schoolmistress for th.ir separate schools at PADGATH near Warrington. Salary £3O per annum with such increase as may be allowed by the Local Government Board upon the Report of their Inspector (such increase having made the salary £4O in former .years) together with Rations, Apartments. Washing, /co. She•must be a single woman between the ages of 20 and 40 years, duly certificated and fully competent to instract the children in reading, writing, arithmetic he.. and the principles of the Christian Religion. Candidates for the situation must send applications in own hand writing, stating age, religious per- suasion and previous experience with copies of not more than three Testimonials of recent date co me not later than MoNDAY. September 25th, endorsed •• Application'for the situation of Schoolmistress." Theperson appointed will come under the ternts of the Poor Law Officers aluperannnation Act and the usual per- eentage will PO deducted from her quarterly salary in accord- ance therewith. By order, JAMES C SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsev Chambers. Warrington. September 15th 1899.

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO., BEAUMARIS, BANGOR & MENAI BRIDGE DAILY SAILINUS (including Sundays)- TRE SPLENDID PADDLE STEAMER "ST. NINTHS" Will 1-ay. th., Prince's Landing Stage Daily until 25th Sep- tember (including Sunday), at 10-45 a.m., due back in Liver- pool at 6-45 p.m. 26th September to let- October. steamer " Snowdon " leaves Liverpool at 10-45 a.m. for Llandudno and Beau- marls ; due back 7-15 p.m. 2nd to 16th October at 10-45 a.m. for Llandudno only; due back 6-30 p.m. 11,TRA SUNDAY SAILING- by steamer " Snowdon:" 24th September. at 11-30 a.m. for Llandudno only, at Half- Day Fares. AFTERNOON EXCURSION at 1-30 p.m., 23rd Septemb,r, connecting with the" St. Elvies," at Llandudno ; due back at 6-45 p.m. For all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH -WALES STEAMSHIP Co.. LTD., T. U. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STRI:F.T, LIVERPOOL. Tel- No 6,366

• ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. E .s. CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal... Sept. 2gth s 8. 0011EAN, for St. John's N.F.. and Halifax Sept. 30th s.s. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal Oct. sth „s.s. SIBERIAN for St. John's N.F.,a.nd Halifax Oct. 10th saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 ough Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on applioation to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- I ,st„ Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-at.. Warringto

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THB / 4at ,ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sunstays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS-1t 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train .in connection with 614,etfuer leaves Warrington via Fa,estou at 10-55 a.in. Special Cheap return fares irom ifaxrhagtun Firat class and Saloon 23s 64 Trains run Third class and Saloon ILs Od tai.ongside Third dassMlClPore Cabin. ii Od steamers. SFECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAE TOUR Tickets available for wing-via Barro 4 and returning via Liverpon! or Fleet- wood,or vice verse, cut now 'co obtained at foLlowing l'area First-class and !,aloon 19s 04 Third-class and Salo9n 13s 6d Ilaird•claza and Fore Cabin The jevarnev may be broZz en ,tt Granka, Ulverstone (for the Lake.). Pi (1189% Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NUTICH. —The mavtiacent new eLpress steamer "DUCIIR6-..3 OF lc now on the servic:,. JAMES LITTLB B 4 CO., Barrow.

SIKII OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS. FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. Tres, is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY PoST Is. 3s. AND Bs. RAOM. J. H. AND S. NSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITIOCHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. TELEDEONE NO 700.

WE CAN'T BLOW A HORN, Y but we can raise the wind when it ,iomes to Gold and Silver WATCHES, dEVVELLERY, and TABLE PLATE. OUR STOCK IS LIKE A STREAM— hundreds take from it, yet it never diminishes. All we want is a chance, and we will give ynu bargains to astonish you. 11:TOW CAN WE DO IT? Well, the explanation is brief—WE LEND MONEY upon these valuable securities to private wearers, Jewellers. Watchmakers. and Silversmiths —every day doing an .extensive business under conditions of STRICTIIta PRIVACY and at ,FIXED LOW CHARGES. The UNREDEENDID PROPERTY MUST BE CLEARED, and this week a portion of it is offered. The impor- tance and good value must be seen to be appreciated. R. H. REED AND SON, PAWNBROKERS AND JEWELLERS, 105 MOUNT PLEASANT (Bottom end, close by the Adelplai Hotel). LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. LADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6,51. 39, AND 41, DALE -STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ANGLAN DS' SAILINGS GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer : Pron-, LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Ularenee Dock. Berth No. 24. Nerth Side Tras. Sept. 213th 3 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 28th 2 p.m. Sat. ept, 3 th 8 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Centre:; to Greenock at 630 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Single, 10s. ; Return, valid for Two Month', 15s Steerage, Single, :se, SPACIAL RETURN TICKETS. valid for 10 days only, are issued at 12s 6d CatAn ; is 6d Steerage. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 10. IeDMFORD-PLACK, LIVERPOOL.

HIT STAR LINE ROYAL ',JAIL STEAMERS. Illy; LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK eta Quaeustown. GERMANIC Wed.. 5evt...27 OCHLNIC Wed. Oct Third Class passage at low rates inending Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, PhllF.rick)hia, or Baltimore Apply tel 4r, Innitg, and Co.. Liverpool and 34. Loactenbpl ct -.• t Y,nr“inn WO.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

16, 18, AND 20 S ANKEY ST. WARRINGTON. J. AND W. DUTTON WILL lIL&KE THILTIt AUTUMN SHOW ON TUESDAY AND WE DNES JAY NEXT. SEPTEME ER 26TH AND 27TH AND trOLLOWING DAYS. ALL THII NEWBST STYLES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, DRESSES, ttc. W MIL ST& ON VIEW IN THEIR SHOWROOMS.

E. M. ASHCritST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LITE W. N. AND C. LAWLICBI3). Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA. ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTTED sinumn, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND. 1899.

"A L 50S. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER RNt*LISII PATENT LEVEE WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit let in the pocket. "FOR FIFT3. SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANT AMOUNI: OF IiOtIGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee' for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND 00.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of 2.0.0.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN S2OU BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALEM. iILLSOPP'S MILD arm BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASE. or BOTTLES from B. k_JUN.N INGIIAM WINWICII ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Itanufaetty-er of HIGH-CLAES MINERAL WATERS In Serew-stopp.red &Atlas. Telephone No. 179, bTORICS. OWEN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corner, s Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets. &c.,., TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ste— fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO FISH CURERS AND FISH MERCHANTS. WM. McLACEILAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING MERCHANTS, 12, BRIDEGATK, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LO'.IIFYNE FRESH and SPRINKLED HERRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest Market Prices. Cash with orders. Telegram address Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone No. 1185.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENO E to FI t, TY SHILLINGS All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.-13USTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Saakey-street, Warrington. Rstadlished 1864.

MILLINERY! M ILLINERy HARMAN DREW Is NOW SHOWING NOVELTIES in) APPROVED FASHIONS IN MILLINER?: FOR WINTER WEAR. Best Styles at Moderate Prices. 12?, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

S ATCTIELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7s: AND IOS. 6. 48, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS t ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND s tS4SHAD ES RECOVERED ix BALI' AN HOUR FROM 38.6 D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

I.OBACCO, CIGARS, • CIGARETI'ES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRICET, MANCHESTRR. Itstablished 66 Years.

OU N D THE BIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.—I:O Worms in Bag and Moss. 54; Hooks to gut, 6d and 3.1 per dozen ; Trout Flie3, is to Is 93( per dozen; gut Casts,three yards,2id, 44, 64, and 9i etch ; .1-I.lt Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 44, three yards 64; Floats,two for Id; porcupines. id eact,; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shope).

EVERY MAN SUFFERIN G from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be sunessfully treated without stomach medication. The method is exty and pleasant. snd will effect a perfect and permanent cure Sen eraled, poet free. Ad.-Iress— R. NORTON. 59, d; 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O Itttatnishe.i 30 Year..

tCHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT POVEY 'S POVEY AND • DUCK WORTH'S AND DUCK WORTH, 225 BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDERELLAS : SIX BOXES FOR .18s. 6d. AT W. SHA WS, (WHOLESALE DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS', COPE'S, HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. SOLE ADDRESS: T; LOCKS, RUN CORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

LADIES' TAILOR FROM PARIS, PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. P. RAPETTI, 16A, RODNEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. PRICE MODERATE. ON PARLE FRANCAIS.

UNDAR DEED OF ARRANGBAIENT. ALFRED WOODS (W. WOODS & SON), 14. SA NKEY-STREE r, WARBINGTON, OFFERS THE WHOLE OF Hlzi VALUABLE STOCK OF GOLD. SILVER, AND METAL WATCHES. SOLID SILVER PLATE. FINEST QUALITY ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS. SPOONS. FORKS, CRUEL'S, kc., /cc. CUTLERY, KNIVES, TABLE AND DESSERT MYERS, IN AND OIIT OF CASES CLOCKS AND B RUN ZES. GOLD GEM sEr AND SILVER JEWELLERY IN RINGS, BROOCHES STUDS, NECKLETS. ALL AT A REDUCTION OF 40 TO 50 PER CENT. SEE WINDOWS FOR SPECIAL PRICES.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFR EYS, • 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes. Sic. Terms Moderate. A FINN COLLECTION OF PHOWGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A C1101,,E COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of riotu,es in the Continental Oallerlea.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD LLN'D SILVER WATCHES. (21 It ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER ELCTRe P tiA_TEI AND JEWELLERY •OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed Parcels by po,t, will receive prompt attention. TELEPI3ONE, 2061.

THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL ALL ABOUT TO FURNISH saouLo VISIT THIS POPULAR ESTABLISHMENT. INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK AND NOTE THE REMARKABLY LOW P3ICES FOR CASH ONLY. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40/- DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE.

TAM O'Sll ANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY IfINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST ,REIC ON APPLICATION. Pateut,ees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Deptite and Show Rooms 359 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.. ELEPHONE No. 7090. SoLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANWAY. 37, BUTTERMARRET STREET. SOLE AoEras FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, IRONMONGER.

_ The !et and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 5d., lOci., aria is. 84. each. Wbolesa. by J. GEDDES AND SON. VS:ARRINGTON IST:iI3LIHRD 1833

- - - . - - • t; - • - • _

I /

- - !Ale • - • • •,4:• = . • • =

t • '44 .73 • • • . 410:4^' (fts7 - =.=t

•

--=_'-_--.7:------_E-_-:-_.-±-_ 1/ ----7_-_s DELICIOUS! WELCOME! REFRESHING! It is a common feeling of much abused human ' and we obtain all we want in Chivers' Jellies. nature to like those things which are delicious to the Turned out of a well-shaped mould the jelly is re- taste. And it is a fair argument to assume that if freshing to the eye in its dainty, transparent tremu- we were not intended to use the discriminating lousness, while it is equally refreshing to the taste, powers of our palates, we should have hardly been because of the delicious natural flavour of the fruits endowed with the quality of taste. And when we with which Chivers' Jellies are flavoured. Dainty can combine deliciousness of natural fruit flavour, flavour, dainty materials, and dainty manufacture well wholesomeness in practice,as we can always do are essentiil characteristics of Chivers' Jellies,which by the use of Chivers' Jellies, the natural choice of are always good alike. The juices of fresh, ripe the taste is endorsed by the wholesome teachings of fruit are used for the flavours, and all the processes common sense. And there are times when we feel of manufacture are carried or. in silver-lined pans, jaded and tired, and hardly care for heavy ladies, &c. food ; we want something refreshing and cooling. All Grocers and Stores keep Chivers' Jellies. Half-Pints, 21d; Pints, 41 id• Quarts, Bd. If you have not tried Chivers' Jellies, write to Chivers eic Sons' Fruit Farm Jam Factory, Histon, Cambs., for a Free Sample Packet.

= = ~,-!:-% -_..._::----==-- 7ei-,----'t ~.i.'ti _7- i:o* -• ' - -7.7._-", ve - , • ~.. , - --.- •;-: 4.--P.. 7.s __--. -,,..., ,---,7> _ --,:-=7- .. At Is -,--- $1: ,•- -- - --- - _-L===f-:______,f_Z Flavoured wt. =_ ... • - . .- ---.— 74. -fr.-I': ....c., ------- 40,2;-•••. . .. .= _-_-- ---------- ~, _,----.1.---A -----r-__. ~,,r,..c' ...*;—, --= ,:e•tj' ===-1. ii.s. i-7--, , _ .. y , =

A zIZ 1-

• 9r, --.- • - - _

FREE. OUR CATALOGUE OF MAZEPPA CYCLES Large stock of new and secondhand Machines. EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LISIS. MAZEPPA CYCLE COB, Scotland Road, Liverpool.

Per Cent., OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPID LIVER OR WEAK KIDNEYS. WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the I, I VT4] rt, sselieves and Removes the Inflammation from the lilNl N-5; 4. by expelling the poisonous Kitiney (Uric) ACID. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Reputation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by alt Chemisis and Dealers. Price 2/0 and 4/3 pr Bottle.

DRAUGHTS, "EXAMINER," SEPTEMBER 22TH, 1899. An communications inctuding solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the "Draughts Editor." " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must reach the office not later than the first post on FAIDAY morning. The Draughts Elitor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all inquiries.] ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. W. HEWITT, WARRINGTON.—Much obliged for problem. SOLUTION TO - PROBLEM No 50. SELECTED. Black men on 4,6, and 27; Kings on 15, and 20 White men on 28, 30, and 31; Kings on 12, and 24. White to move and win. 31-26 24-27 30-26 28— 1 27-31 31-22 22-24 W Wins by Ist position, ---- PROBLP_IM No. 50. By Mr. W. HEWITT, WARRINGTON. BLACK]

- e A ' r U A 0 y II /I°r6, TA cp 7 11 e , 4 _

c‘D // C; I z ://A j A 7 • r „/.; •. • A \

apartmentOp euritigbeti ?oouoo.

pLACK POOL—Mrs. LEAH, 95. Albert-road, 3min. from Central St-ttion and sea ; public or private ; pianos. YTHAM.—APARTAIENTS. view of beach; board is re- -41 quired. Special terms for September.—R.. 5, BLTIL- STREET, Lytham.

/ ILD COLWlDL—Apartments to LET, bedro7m and kl sitting room, at reasonable terms.—Apply to Mrs. F. Joss, 2, Rosehill.

J3LACKPOOL.—Apartments, Is. per day and night each person; near sea an 1 tram,--FutmaY, 11, Chesterfield- road, North Shore.

MORBOAMBS. -Mrs. FLRTCRER, Accrington House, 18, Salisbury-street, West End; publio and private Apart- ments ; bath, piano.

- - BLA.CKPOOL.—MRS. WORTHINGTON, 107, Lytharn-ro Apartments ; is per day each person, Trams pass door, near sea. Piano.

THELAND : Retnryle House Hotel, Connemara.—Home, I. house; 13L4scis ; the best change possibl s; air, views, fishing, shooting, train, Clifden.

B L A C K P O O L , Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House, 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station. Trams and Sea (late 01 Bewsey-road, Warrington).

(10LWYN BAY.—APARTMEINTS. reduced terms for Septemb.r. First house from statim and beach,— Apply Ross COTTAGE, Sea View.

BLACKPOOL.—Fer good Apartments try Mrs. Scanlon% 60, Central Drive, 3 minutes' walk from Ventral Station and sea. Apartments, Public or Private. Bath and piano.

CHEH LEE (Heswali).—Lilenburn, Oldfloid-road,detached. Five bedrooms, two entertaining; healthy, convenient house. sanitary drained; scenery grand; reliable tenants ; terms moderate.-8, LADIMIRN-CRESENT, Withiugtoa, Man- chester.

I ABE DISTRICT APARTMENTS, Large sitting and bed- .l.J rooms well furnished ; open view; every convenience ; good cooking; terms moderate. Special terms for winter months.—Apply Mrs, ban:Timm, Exeter House, 44, Bleneathra-street, Keswick.

TLFRA.COMBR—THH GE/Lk/FILL& First class BOARD- ING-HOVEIE Close to Res.—Comfort, amiability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis —W. R. FOSTER

LANDUDNO.—MANSBLVS BOARDING BST A.B LL,H- _LA MBNT, lovely situation in best part of Abbey-road, superior accommodation every comfort, moderate terms. TSLB OF MAN, CRILMER'II York House. Castle Terrace _l_ Central Promenade. Douglas, Charmingly situated fao- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board 5.. 6d. and 61. 6d. per day ; no extras.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LIIDGATB HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SQUARS. HOME COILSORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BINIINEBS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated. replete with every comfort ; tine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish. Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOOOCK, Proprietor.

HOLIDAYS.—Most Charming RBSIDBNCH near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled. Re•furnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 les. per week.—BowAßD CEB4BI, Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

MERRY AND BREEZY BLACKPOOL. FOR EARLY OR LATH BREAKFAST, LUNCHEON, DINNER, TEA, OR SUPPER, CALL AT PARKER'S RESTIJARANT, WHBIIR YOU WILL OBTAIN THB BEST AND CHB&PEST. LARGE OR SMALL PARTIES CATERED 1011. PARKER'S RESTUARANT, 22, CHURCH-STREET, BLACKPOOL.

_ \V ANTED geod strong LAD frora 17 to 20, accustomed to farm work.—Apply B. PAURER, Dunsop, Chitheroa.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class MACHINERY XV OILS. Liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpcol.

WAR MEDALS Wanted, dated 1818 or earlier ; £2 olc given, al3o Matabele, Atbara, Arctic, &c.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droitwich,

CONFECTIONEHY.—Appr-ntice VIANTtsb, in high-class business ; ornamenting taught.—Apply Miss GILLETT 6, Church-street, Burniey.

rifllN SHEET IRON WORKER for Ashpans, WANTBD, 1. YOUTH for Liverpool; permanenoy.—Addrees, OWEN, 41, Brunnwiek-road, Liverpcol.

rpo 13}213351A1CHR i.—WANTED an AGENT for Morin.- _L. sou's Universal system of Garment Cntting.—Address Mrs. IL. WHALLEY, Deepdene Deepd ale. Preston.

MOBACCONI,T3 Commencing.—Se Illd. Guide (259 .1 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, liu,ton-road, Loudon. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. MYERS.

WANTED, Apprentice AOULDBES, accustomed to range and stove metal plate work ; thoie having three or four years slap rieace preferred.—Apply to Fr.s.TcHER, Ears- SELL AND Co., LTD.. Wilderepool Clusewiy, ITArrington.

QHI RTM A KERS and JACKET hands (thoroughly experi- k. eneed) Wanted immedia,ely for superior work.—Apply WILLIA.3I CeITEB & SON, Wholesale Shirt ManufActurers and General Manchester Warehousemen, Frisrsgate, Bridge-st., Warrington.

QANITARY INSPHOTORSHIPS .—Salaries from £lOO to k 7 £9.50 numerous vacancies; permanent appointments Special Postsl Course of Legions now commencing for Leeds and other exams. ; previous experiences unnecessary ; over 200 successful caniidates.—App'y UOBERT tilusaExs,Science Teacher, Sunderland.

DR. DR. ROO'S COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Aze justly celibrated all over thd world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains Pa the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum itiem, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Strine In the Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed • o be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bars the Government stamp, wi h thse words, " WA.LTRR DB ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order or Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9.1.. at, all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holtord House, Holford-square, Landon, W.C.

iI\IIANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Waiting Weiltnes ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can ue thoroughly and quickie cured without STOMACH MEDICINB or fiLBOTRICIrIf. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : "I cannot find words to express how thankt ul I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds. G. F. M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London, W.C. Fiend at once awl be cured. 12 Yea' s' Continuous Sue !esti

talelbpVribate Erratp.

- G. JEA. H. n, JACKSON, _ PAWNBROKERS, 59, 611 631 CHURCH-STREET, ItiVARRINOTON, PIRLOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Ge ,ts and Lady's Payments taken Basy Chair, four small and Couch, solid bard wood frames, and well made. Our Price g 6 S. D.

N.L'iti Gold English Lever Payments taken. Hunting WATC ‘, by Harris & Smn, London and Manchester; in bey 18 Car at Gold Cases, with all £l4 15 latest improvements. Our prine S. 6D. AT CHUROEI-STlthitT.

(11_15NT • very Masaiv,i 18 Carat Payments taken. Gold Albert CHAIN. Hall- 115 6 marked on every Link. Our price S. D. woßru DOUBLIC

GHNT'S (bid EIGLI6H LEVRIL Payments taken. WATJiI by that noted mtker, J. Hargreaves, Liverpool ; in heavy 18 Carat Gold Cases. A genuiue £l4 10 forfeit. Really cheap S. WORTH DOUBLE JACK3ON'3, OHURCH-3TREET.

LADY'S Gold Geneva WA rcH, Payments taken. capital timekeeper; and Golel £219 ALBERT ; the two 1.0.3. 6D. VERY CHEAP. LADY'S First class Silver Lever Payments taken, WATCH, in cspital condition and really good timekeeper. Genuine torfeit. Warranted two 49 6 years. Our price D. LADY'S Long 'Gold GUARD, P4vfnmlti tßken• very nest pattern. Almost £4 12 6 new. Our price S. D. WORTH 6 GUINEAS.

1 ARGH Stook of Silver Payrneuto token LA WATO H H 6 and Silver ALEIHRTS ors Sale. Very Cheap.

CI_REAT Dane PUPPIES, well bred ; price £3 each.—Apply CHA HLES WORTH, Park-street Mews, Greenheys, Manchester.

FISH DHALERS and Priers, try HARRY ALLEN, Fish Mer- chant, Grimsby, for Best Quality Fish at the Lowest Possible Market Prices.

WATCH, Rolled Gold Lever. Fancy hunter cases, worth 253. accept 12s. 6d. Approval, List free.—C. CLIF- FORD, NI oieley, Birmingham.

MAKVI:CLLuUS be. PARCHL, cantaining Chemise Ynkkers, Nightdress, 2 pairs Stockings. Send P.O. at onoe. MELLOR, Moss-lane, West Stanzhester. Tar " Salvitas " for liver disorders. flatulency. and consti• 1. Wien. Is per box, post free, from J. C. MORAY AND CO , 10,;Featherstone-builuings, High Holborn, W.C. I TVS FlSH.—Sample Basses, containing 7lbs. assorted, Jl/ ready dressed for cooking, sent on receipt of P.O. for Is. Bu.—PER3EVERANCE FISHING CO Grialliby Docks. ULASTIC STOOKINUS AND BANDAGFES.—Why pay Ili three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.-31rr1j & 6ONS, 37, 13reck- road, Liverpool.

CIANARIRS, lovely, young, 1899; Rich Yellow and k_.) Variegated Vorwich Cocks ; new in song ;3s 6d each, two for 6s ; cAretully packed.—asuais, Strawberry Mouse, Acton, London.

WHEN SPINDLES work loose in Swing Looking Glasses use Oilfield's patent adjuster (polished brass) can be affixed by any Lady ; obtainable from principle Ironmongers sample post free Gd. from patentee.—JOSE.Pll OLDFIRLD. St. Werburgh Mount, Chester.

ITO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. :,uitable for Chemical or other Works requiring apace.—Address J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool. _ JT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a Quantity of Good GOVR tiNMEINT GOODS, ?aimed out of Service for othr patterns, s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. by 3ft. Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t. by tift Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Wat,rproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Waterpn of Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather StrAp Good All-wcol Rugs. 41b weight. 71t, by 6ft . 2 6 Waterproof Horses Loin cloths, 46in, by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass liyeletholes, 46in. by 421 n 2 0 Very Strung Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with ShouliZer Straps 1 0 Horses' N eck Collars, Ali-leath-r, any size Driving Reins. quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets. lift. by sft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Surein.les with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, Is. per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J. Giusox, Government Contractor, Rye.

Zo be Ett. PTINKETH.—Cottages 4s. 0,1., 3s. Bd. and 2s. Bd. per wee DALLAXI-L2iNll.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, ten 210. MILL,TREET.—SeveraI Suites offices. SHOP 2 SCHOOL BROW, rent Si. 6d. 3 BRICK;STREET, rent 3s. 17 GIN STR, ET, rent 53. 33, BRIDGE STEHRT LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse Ste., principal position ill town, rent moderato. Semi d4ached House Penketh, rent £l2. 19, PERCY STREET, rent 4s. 6d. Ipply ROBERT LoWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was ,ington. Telephone—No 55- TO LET. - 61,PRIESTLEY-BTREET,WARRINGToN,good corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LoWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- tract, Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES off LOVIILY-LA LIE . rents 4s. Apply _1 Wm:we lc SON. solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton. TO LET.—LARGE ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £2O Apply Woons& Sox, Soiiaitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. Ditionsus suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1. Appiy Woons Solicitors, Horsernarket-street, warriny ton.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. riHLOHODYNE is adtnitted by the Profession to kJ be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis covered. CIILORODYNE is the hest remedy known for Conghs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. J LO ROD Y N effectually checks and arrssts ‘, those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, 'Oroup Ague. f -111L0 RO DY NI: acts like a charm in Diarrhoea ki and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentsry. CtiLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Pa'pitation, and Spasms. f `,IIL ORO DY NF. is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothacha, Meningitis, Ste. From Dr. B. J. POIT,,TON AND Co., Horncastla. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne {flour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling 'f comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess thia great advantage over all other sedatives ; Wiest it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a desp t.en from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that uholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOhO- DYNAI."—See Lancet, let December. 1864. rIAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- k_J rtiorzs. CAUTION.—VICC-ChAROOOT 43ir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS PRoWNE was, In loubtedly, the inventor of " 0 -ILORODYNIt " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 2inzes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at la. 11(...„ .2a. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J COLLIS BROWNE'S CH LORODY "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medics Itestiruony accompanies each bottle. 3,PLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 35, Great u veil-street, Bloomsbury. Lonion

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STRUM, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. Itc., at the following low rates : £lO repayable Sc. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. ~ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO 40s• £6 16s. 0,1, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Bates and special terms of repaym,nt arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RlcllAtill DAVIES, Manager.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MIRT, 202 I 0 \ DON-ROAD - LIVERPOOL. Tel, No. 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 pm. (Saturdays) 6 pan. A LANGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE A HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYs ON VIEW. consisting of OENUISE SECOND- HAND ARTICL consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very Nest quality it is possible to get. having originally been purchasel from firms of the hiehest stending and repute, and now offered for sale at MOST MnDERAT,,I PRICES. WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and insw ct our Stock, even if you do not happen to Intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the flhowrooms without being et-stered to buy, as in other Nieces ; but people of commonse •se Will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCE ,IENTS, and we are cenfident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS.—NET CASH ON OR BEFORE DELIVERY. If the goods are not reqeired immediately they will be stored free or charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable depo.it. RESIDUE OF A BANKRUPT STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS PIANOS By Lead42g Makers* 80- G Yulr Ni ullt A( KU UPRIGHT Ge Hd medal CONCERTp(3 model). e 1) GRAND 39, tbziy new,itt a g for half maker's price an unmistakably superior instrument, with mechanism of the most highly-improved descripti, n, producing tones of the finest possible quality ; the c see is of rich burr walnut, set off by plain mouldings, and is of very fine appearance-, being much above the usual height. We can recernmetd this to musiciaus as being an Instrument meriting the highest appreciation. Price 40 guineas. No. 5824. O__ENUINE BROADWOOD PIANO, in perfect order; tricherd, and enclosed in rosewood case, with gold Incised panel front. Cost 60 guineas ; price now £l7 10s. with under d e sr up damperrb to and andnll modernperfect TJP torth,rovGerßsAtrNunne Improvements, enclosed in costly Inlaid rosewood case. Catalogued price 68 guineas ; now offered for 35 guine,s. SUPERIOII COTTAGE PIANO by Strauss, check action, full tricnord and iron frame, enclosed in burr wdnut case, wit,s merqueterie panel front. List price 36 guineas ; our price £l7 10e. Ne. 5t62. Also several ether very good I.nstrumee -v prices, ' . .Set of Bight (with padded hacks) eel two 'easy Chairs, solid walnut frames, beautifully carved and of handsome design. the upholstered portions hair stuffed and covered in selected morocco, ; per- fect condition. Price £l6 10e, the set ; cost £3O a few months ago. Removed from Marine Promenade, Bgremont No, 6825. DTNIN 4-ROOIf CHAIRS.—Set of Eight Solid Dark Brown Oak Chairs, with spindle-rail backs, upholstered In real skins. Price £5 Ns. the set ; cost 255• each. No. 5929. FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with advanced centre, the V back inset with large oval and small square mirror panels, superior wake. £3 2s. 6d. ; °est £l7 108. No. 5558 Hartley's, 202, London-road. 4FT. WALNUT BOOKCASE, fitted with drawers, cup- boards, and removable shelves, enclosed by plate-glass doors. 335 ITs 6d. No. 5122.—Hartley's, London-road. 'IO3IEIN BD BOOKCASE AND SECRETAIRI3 in solid kei brown oak, of massive construction. £8 is; cost £l6 10s. No. 5557,—Hartley's, 203, London-road. )OMBINED SIDEBOARD AND BOOKCASE, the base containing fully-fitted socretsire. and having carved panels end bevelled mirror at the back ; tt e surmounting book case rais. on pilla s, forming altogeth-r a hand- some and very useful piece of fmniture. Only £9 10es ; cost £2O. No. 5123. -Hartley's, 292, London-road. IL TwmAnNu witht. UMBRELLAbr ass fitti gS. T AN,largD ebevelled mirror, id soalnd tile panels. £2 10s. No. 446.3.--Hartley's, London-road. Q MALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, neatly designed, L-1 and of exceptionally good finish. £4 10.. No. 5281. FT. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design V and best finish. £8 ; coat £l4. No. 5283, sft. Wal- nut Sideboard £7.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. (FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front and mirror kl panelled canopy back. Only £l2; cost £25. No. 5918. —Hartley's, 202, London road. GFT. BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD of high-class workman- ship and design, finely carved and having loft, and lase osing mirror back. £l7 lOs ; cost £35. No. 4831. Hartley's, 2u2, London-road. THRY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely V finished brown oak fiames of artistic design,upholstered irt dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll 15 ; cost £2l 10e, No. 3947.—H trtley's. EXCEL LEI WALNFT SUL lE. with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush. £8 10s. Walnut , uite, with padded backs, in crimson push. £5 10s. Nv A LiuNpUu Ts h iDp I NaluNdG - Rd 0, design. S uUplhTuEi e roe fd a Id:1i: e eal seiv, iour sk .- £ll 7s 6d. No. 4929.—Hartley's, 2021,0nd0n-road. QADDLEBAG SUITHS.--A large variety of these par- ticularly serviceable Suites, all in good condition and of fashionable designs. £5 15s, 6 guineas, £6 12s 6d, £7 12s 6.1, £B. £9 10s, £l2 10s, these being in.all cases from 35 to 50 per cent less than original prices. WA LellUs T upholstered D IN G- R 10u0dMe a p SuUr ifuiTsEo opfl utshue ; ebestc4, t £26 iOs (purchased from a West of England firm). No, 5046.—Hartley's, 2.2, London-mid. • WALNUT DRAWING-IoOM SUITE, settee, two easy I' two oeicaslortal, and four single chairs, with elegantly- designed frames, upholsterei in rich crimson figured plush. Price £l3 10s. No. 6808. OU IS XV. DRAWING ROOM SUITE, nine pieces, with finely-srarved mahogany frames, upholstered in very choice silk brocatelle. Price 16 guineas ; cost 39. No. 5199. rliltY COSTLY DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with solid V mahogany Frames, finely carved and of most artistic design ; hair stuffed :col covered in silk tapestry. This suite was purcha.ed from ons ef the leading London furnishers lees than three menthe ago for 45 guineas. Price now 25 gains's*. No. 5816.—Hartley's, 302, London-road. \ TALNUT DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, solid in con- struction and of elexant design, ttted with four ills play cupboards and open recesses. Price £lO. No. 5532. Hartley's. 202, London-road. HANDSOMH COIFFONNI ERE in burr walnut, richly inl,ld, and having mirror-panelled doors and triple mirror back. Only £6 12s ; cost £l2 10s recently. No. 5361. Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET. Louis XVI style, in dark mahogany, of best style and finish. £l5 ; cost 30 guineas, No. 5154.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, latest style. £6 15e. No 5364.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most approved style, upholstered in rich Genoa velvet; only £6 2s 6d; No. 5469, Another excellent Suite, in green velvet, £6 ; No. 5468.—Hartlee's, 202, London-road. IARPETS.—SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY—Bankrupt Stock kJ of Carpets, just purchased from the trnstees at an ex trernely low figure, enabling us to offer unequalled value in all kit.d, of carpets and rues, velvet pile, Axminster. Wilton, Brussels, tapestry, As., made up into bordered squares of various dimensions ; grand range of Patterns. Also a large number of Hearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting,— Hartley's, 2:12, loecion-road. HDROONI SUITISS.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- -1) CLASS SUITES, including : DARK WALNUT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s, No. 5276. MAHOGANY SUITE, every bit solid throughout. £8 12s 6.1. No. 56u5. SOLID WALNUT SUITE, £310.. No. 5504. DAEK WALNUT SUITE, handsomely carved. £lO 10s. , Nol 5488. DARK WALNUT SUITE, solid throughout and of most attractive design. £l3 10s. No. 5490. BROWN OAK SUITE, very substantial. £ll 10s• No 4417 HIGH-CLASS SUITE in Satinwood. £l4 105. No. 5990. QPLENDID BEDROOM SUITE of stylish appearance and 1..) good finish, in solid satin walnut, comprising large double werdrobe, heavily earved, and having two plate-glass doors ; dressing table with side wings, marble wash-stand with swing glass at beck, and usual smaller items, This splendid suite only £l4. No. 5609.—Hartley's. LaIItSTCI.SS WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE te! grand 1: design. comprLing breakfast trio wardrobe, richly carved and having two full-sized robing mirrors ; very hand- some dressing teble with large swing glass in centre and full- length side swing mirrors ; washstand with high baCk,having three large mirrors Inset ' - pedestal, teree chairs, and towel rail. Price £34. No. 5539, 'ti AGNIFICHNT SUITS OF DRAWING-ROOM FURNI- a.q. TEIRE IN INLAID ROSEWOOD. (Removed trom Ainsdale). The cabinet of impo.ing appearance, 9fl in height and sft wide, £25 ; cost £45 settee with high beck,two arm and four single chairs. frames of very liandroese design, hair stuffed, and covered in choice embossed velvet ; price £25 ; cost £45. China cabinet to match, £5 108 ; overtnantel £l2 10s, occa- sional table £3 10s, another £l. A rare opportunity for pur- chasing a corn olete stil e of the best class of furniture at ssalt-price. Consignment No. 5584. also the NL AID ROSEWOOD BEDItOONI SUITS of most magni- ficent style and character, consisting of 6ft breakfront trims wardrobe, sft pedes'al dressing table with cheval glass in centre and full-length side wings, washstand to correspond, bedside pedestal towel rail, and three chairs upholstered in silk. Price £5O; cost 90 guineas. No. 5529,—Hartley's, 202, Loudon-road. TO SELLERS. —WE arc open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) , or will sell on commission on your behalf, arid (if required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently exeuted• Estimates fre.:. Correspoodence invited. ARTLEY'S, 90 9 I Amid AONDON-ROAD, AVERPOOL.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AIIC,TIONNER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms No 1. BANK STRIIIET. F‘ ARRINGTON. Telephone No. t 5. Ca3h advanced on Goode Depositerl for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

4flacljiiitrji, etc. -- pA TENT OFF lOW MANCHESTER ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE & SON have ha 4 mote than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and passess pradinalLsinowledze of the cotton, waollen, and Iron manufacttires. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 31.5. A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. HOT-WAT ER FI TTINGS. a Speciality. Estimates given for labour only or otherwise. Boilers and piping taken down and I e-.rected complete. References.—DENTori, Craven-street Droylsden, Manchester.

eil-lIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety. ki Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free. —MABBOTT, Lever-et., Manchester.

eIoNFFCTIONERY and SWEETS BUSINESi FOR DIS- POSAL : old established : main road, Moss side.— Address 37, Iliftansnaw-srnEer, Moss Side, Manchester.

GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Just past Station Thiough Railway Arce4. THE RENOWED GENERAL FURNIS•tEIiS. PITTS'S GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE is creat- ing quite a Sensation, as never before has such EXTRAORDINARY VA CU ri been offere4. People from all parts are patronising PITTS'S, with a result that orders are plentiful as leaves in autumn. As the Best Bargains are fast disappearing, AN EARLY VISIT is absolutely neces- sary in or ier to participate in the INESTI WABLN ADVAN- TAGES held forth to PITTS'S vast and ever increasing elientelle. Now do not let this GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY slip. pITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i, I 2,38 k, 50, 75, 100, up to 1,6'00 guineas, specially improved in quantity and quality of articles for this great sale, far surpass and excel all others. Full particulars, testimonials, and press opinions post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrangement suiting convenienee. DITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING I GUIDE, containing 700 artistic designs, each priced, has been christened by one of its many enthusiastic admirers THE THILI rTY MAN'S FRIEND, as it enabled him to furnish in a tasteful and durable manner far ABOUT HALF UsUAL EX PENDITURN It has also been the means of saving the public hundreds of ponnds by pointing out enor- mous BENEFITS unobtainable elsewhere. Forwarded at request. PITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 221 guiueas, equal to what expensive City firms charged £46 for, contains :—Artistic SITTING-ROOM Suite in Leather. c ,nsisting of tasteful Cou'h or Sofa, Pair of Easy Chairs and set of Small Chairs. substantial Dining Table, Carpet or Floorcloth, nice design. Hearth Rug. Brass Bar, Fender and act of Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Cur- tains. KITCHEN has strong Dresser, Set of Chairs, Rock- ing and Arm Chairs, sound square or fall leaf table, Fender, Fire Irons, Floorcloth, and Rug. BEDROOM . Serviceable Suite polished or enamelled, CATIO Chairs, Towel Rail. Toilet Service, strong full-sired Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattiess, Wool Overlay, Bolster and two Pillows, Carpet or Floorcloth. and Fender. HALL. STAIRS, and LANDING : Carp, t, Floorcloth. Stair Rods and Eyes, Brass Door Plate, Cocoa and Door Mats. The most marvellous value obtainable. Inspection will verify. • DITTS'S ENTIRE CONTENTS .OF SEVEN- ROOMED HOUSE, originally cost £lBO, for 75 guineas. The Dining-room is in morocco leather. the Drawing-room is in YE 3ewood, a spare room upstairs, fitted as a snao,,eroom, is in Saddlebags. Furniture complete for Kitchen. Hall, Stairs. Landing, Cellars, ilc. The First Bed- room is in American Walnut, including Wardrobe, Drzsing Table, Washstand. Chairs. bto., l'edsteads, Bedding, Carpet, Rug lard 'foilet service. The Second Bedroom is in Ash, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered. Worth coming miles to secure. -Dirrs's CARPETS, PIANOS, CYCLvS, BASSIN- ▪ EWES, Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware.— Magnifi- cent Selection. Guaranteed great saving. DITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- ▪ TURE. Every Description of Bookcases, Secretaries, Desks. Stools. Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City prices. Exceptionally low estimates free. QAMU EL PITT'S, Established 1845 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). M iNCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vise Cats pass the door.

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILEUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BS BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INtPECTION INVITE D. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. L I BERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., TD.. 695 BOLD STREET, LIVERP 0014. LIVERPOOL.

HALF-YEARLY SAL P. CLEARANCE OF SURPLUS prom GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, 'LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER CLEARING LOTS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. THE GOODS COMPRISE COSTUMES. MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, CURTAINS, HOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSERoLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY. Ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., 'LIMITED, BASNETT-STRZET, LIVERPOOL.

TAILOR MADE COSTUMES 525. 60.-TO MEASURE ONLY.-525. 6D NEWEST DESIGNS. STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED. SATCEIELL'S, 48, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GWYNFA. PRNMARNMAWR —GIRLS' BOARDING nnd DAY SCHOOL. Vacancy for Governess Pupil in Michaelmas term.—Principal, Mrs. H. MELLOR.

IVIE 193 FLORENC TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbach of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils f r PIANOt 0 WI% LESSONS. Recommer ded by H. STrrtusEu-WELstriu, Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY and others.— Address 16. MWSEUM-STREitT, Warrington.

AIR. W. IMT. 1. PAYTON US. BAC. VIC, 1 (Organist nd Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVIts PUPILS In ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc„ at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepare 4 for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGE-STREET. Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s PER TERM. The PRESENT TERM began TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, lie., nay be had at the School. =N.B.—The Boarding-house connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

• TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLAuD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, 8c CO., LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

£8.5.A../-1. EEO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE urni PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Pitting, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Badie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, AB required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises, KINDLY NOTHI PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump. .tc., complete, TEN POUNDS £7 128. 6n. that No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve months; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. STUART. WILLIAMS' AND CO, 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. BSTAB. 1892. Plating, liGamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

CYCLES ! CYCLES! CYCLES ! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL eP FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCLUDING : ,Royal Enfield, Rudge-Wbitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beestou and Coventry Humbers' Osmonds, Swifts. Waver-ley Cash prices for New Machines ga and upward'. Easy terms Of payment, from 10s. per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which 3 gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILLIAM LEA, " LIVEd " CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. pIANO3 By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. PIANOS Prices and Terms to suit all pockets. -- ORGANS Instruments delivered PRIM to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. puNos No Bondsmen or Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from 105. 6d, per month. ORGANS from 6s. per month. PIANOS Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONS umpTtoN, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. &c. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 130. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE Ai Ariclnt9TEß.

T. V,•LARRE. " EXAMINER' OFFICE, 335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. Ac., LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, d a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WRSLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

COOPER &ND CO'S CELEBRATED SAUSAGES. CELEBRATED SAUSAGES. DELICIOUS AND APPETIZING. UNEQUALLED FOR FLAVOUR AND QUALITY. GUARANTEED THE FINEST SAUSAGES PROCURABLE. WINDSOR 9D. PER LB. OXFORD 7D. „ CAMBRIDGE VD! „ SLICING TOMATO BD. •. FRESH SUPPLIES ETERY MORNING. LOCAL BRANCH, BUTTERMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

FREE WHEELS! FREE WHEELS! OWN'S AND -IE3 EAUMONT 'S FREE WHEELS can NI fitted to any MAOHINE, n-w or old, within twenty four heirs. No Mehl, e can be claimed f n hei absolutely nP to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy running contrivances. The saving in the labour of cycling will com- pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of hiving this wheel fitted. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7056. Makers of the Farnoui " AEOLUS " CYCLES and Fittings. Patentees and Inventors of the Ball Bearing as applied to all Cycles throughout the World.

DR. SCUTT' ptuz.J. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, HUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN TH4 FINE,T DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PLOCURED. DR soon's plus. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURB INDIGR,TION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUb AFFECTIONS. DE. scorts piLLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THB W!OLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHHERFUIXESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR scoTrs pus. Are prepared only by W. TAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be porsuaded by anyone to bur any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the rig', ,hing. which is wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECI: OF IrrzlON. F. NEUBERT, P.S CONSULTING OPTIC:AN. SPECTACLES, 2. GD. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOKS, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE. .‘SOUTIIPORT

111-1 E EXA MI N I?, SEPTEMBER 22nii 1399.

pußLic HALL, RUNCORN. DESCRIPTITE FLORAL MENA.. THE FLOWER QUEEN, On WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY, SHPTEMBER 27TH Sc 28Trr. 1899. (PEE,. ELTICT : Milts Wißliwumi Nl:vvratx. RECLUSE: Mr. LIBBIS N. BURCH. Accompaniments by the illancnrn Orchestral Society. Le tiler A.URICR KRUGHR. Centre Chairs, 3e.; Reserved Seats, 2s. ; Sccond Seats, is. ; , children half-price. Plan at Me. Bellamy's, High- street. Commence at 8. Complete each evening

RUNCORN TRCEINICAL l'E. TRH PUBLIC OPRNING of the &RIF WING, and the ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZI3S to the Institute Bay Scholars, by SIR JOHN T B UNIIHR, Bart., M.P..w11l ta e place at the Technical Ine.itute, at four o'clock on Wed- nesday afternc3n, September 27th. •

RUGBY FOOTBALL. FRANK 8 UG-4 G 1 32, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Mention this Advertisement, and FRLNK S TrGin• will Supply you with Postcards for your Club use, Free of Charge. " Football King " 9s. 6d . , *.• ' Absolutely Perfect. , B \ C ntre Hilt Ball 7s, 61. Junior League Ball ss. Od. (1)', National Ball . is, lid. WeA.,7r-Ze 1,1 Rugby Balls Same Prices. Bladders 1„ Is. 61 , 2s„ & 2s. 3d. \ LELGUE " All Chrome Water- , NV/4," proof Boots. lOs 6.1.. post tree. Spe :fal Club" 7s. " Forward " (lace to toe), 9s. 6.1. "The Mar :re!" (reliable Boot), 4s 9d. SHIN GUA.KDS (all Leather) from 101-d. to 3s. 11d, per pair. SHIRTS (in all Colours) YOUTHS' JERSEYS (in all Colours) Bs. 3n. per dozen. KNICKERS—Best Serge, Is. 6d. to ss. 6d.; White Drill Swans- down, Is. 4d. to 3s 6.1. Goal Bets. 355. and 48s. complete, as used by Rverton five se tsons. Bags, is lii. to 7s. 6.1. Write for Catalogue.

noticed that Houghtran and Frankland (the two wingers) had changed places. From now to the finish the play became very rough, one payer of Newton's being ordered off the field, and several on both sides had to be cautioned for exhibiting considerable feeling. Having only ten men to contend with, the visitors EOM assumed the aggressive, and Deno eventually made the scores level. The play now became fast and exciting, both teams striving hard to gain the lead, but for a time the efforts on each side were nullified by fine defensive tac- tics. Harrison scored,the home team winning a pal ten minutes off time. Final: Newton, 3; Flint, 2.

vcr., 44. Ma, /Ohl BOROUGH, OR ',We "". WARRINGTON. -vv ARRIN GTON CORPORATION CONCEN- TRATED MANURR. TWENTY-FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ME MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES,

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets. ac., Ac. ---- TENTS and MARQUEES tor Sale or Hire. SPORTS. PICNICS. /lc., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-6TREET, WARRINGTON.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOt,SNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is. lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEAIFTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Prioe of sp. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD. PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, 11RIDUE STREET,

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHSTriIt. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered In bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars I rom GEORGE PLANT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. 13. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrinchim. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

"Scott's Emulsion proved beneficial

• HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES. FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH. HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES. Sic., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE No. 169. BRANCH UFFICE : 24, HORSE %lARKET.Sr OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTING, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a paition to SELL all the LAM': ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING; PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to he Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. IV • ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery : -.E9, Lime-street.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRIC ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION, PARR HALL AND SPRCIAL MACHINICRY AMMO MARCH 3To 24, 1900. ARTS, INVENTIONS, ENGINEERING, MANtrrAcruBBIG TRADES. Prospectus, plans, and anplication forms may be had el THIS SRCRRTARIRS, 75. Bridge-street, Warrlngta

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPERO AND FREE FROM CLEFS. INVALUABLE INFOI4MATION SENT FEBB on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. 36COMMENDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSO WRITE AT ONCE TO J. vi ILLS, & CO., 15. SCHOOL-LANE. LIVERPOOL.

WREN THE COW DIES we hear how much milk she gave. Bu we ought to have heard of it before. Pity to leave the good things we have to say about our loved ones until they are gone. Flowers on graves are right and seemly but it is better, we think,to give love-tokens to the living rather than the dead. The Cow gave good milk, and much of it, during a long life, but report said ncthing of it, and thought lees ; but at her decease, her virtues told out were so many 'twas enough to resurrect her. "My late wife," or "my poor dead husband," said with a semi- Sanctimonious whine, is enongh to make the poor creatures turn in their graves. They gave a lot of milk, but they themselves were never told of it. Page ‘Voodcr clr, of Lincoln, does a lot of good all the ysar round. It's talked of now,and will be long after be has shuffled off this mortal coil. His famous Wind Pills for the cure of Indigestion,Wind OR the Stomach, Liver Complaints, Spasms, Sick Headache,Cos'iveness, Biliousnes3,&-.., keep many a one from gcing to an early grave,and makes life is glad, bright thing. Si A Gentleman in a provincial town said to a friend a few days ago, " Who's your Doctor ?" Said the other, "I never need one; about the only medicine I ever take D Page Wocdcock's Wind Pills." If yon doubt ()yr word send us your name and address,and wo'll send the names of these Gentle- men. Every hard-iriven business man, every tired, weary house-wife,every working man and woman, often prevented by their working conditions from taking auffieiont exercise, should take Page Wood- Cock's Wind Pills, and do it at once. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills being purely Veget- able, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, may be taken with perfect safety by the most delicate of either sex. Children may safely take them in reducTli doses. All Medicine Vendors at is 11d. and 2s 9d, Post free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

RAILWAY TIME T kBLE. SEPTEMBER. FROM WA.RRINGTOPI Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 1,5, 2 55, 5 20, 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altcar and Hillhouse-7 15 831, 1 14. a 3 19, Sunlays 9,36 2 5 8 55. a Stops if regimen. Birmingham (L N.-W.) a 2 58. 63 23, 7 10, 9,50 120, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 15, aMondays excepted. b Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529,5 45, 835, 955. 11 50, 1 15, 4 50, 6 28, 8 50. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835. 9 56.11 53,12 25,1 15,3 50,4 50, 6 48, 7,17, 8 50,9 43. Sundays 8 43 3 35 6 0. 7301t0n-5 45, 8 25,9 19,10 40,12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15,8 28, p.m. Carlisle-2 37 a m,5 29,5 45.9 56 11 50. 12 25,1 55, 4 50. Sun days 335 954. Chester-7 37. 8 17, 95. 10.20 aZ 15, 7,20 11, 14 12,0 Sundays 8,44 10,26 7,54 11,35 aMondays excepted. Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 25, 10 10, 127. 2 35,3 40, 5 15, 33,7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 63 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 5 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5.11 35.aMonclays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 1225, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 4 7 0,6 55 ,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Earlestom n-5 45, 7 5,8 5,8 25.9 25, 10 13.10 20,11.0 12 7, 12 25 1 55, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5.15 5,20 6,58 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,55 10,30 Sundays, 7,40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 3,20 5 20, 6 17, 80. 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 80. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5 1023, 12 25. 220, 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 18. 2 15. 4 0 75.80. 69 40, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-23?, 529. 9 58 1150, 1225. 2 49, 4 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 35, 110. 12 25. 1 15,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, 955. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 75?, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 40. 60. 75, 80, 69 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 11 25,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only eSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10. 915 Sundays 8 56. 1014. 3 15. 5 15. 7 18, 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 ss, LO 49, 12 36. 114. 333. 4 11.5 18. 6 13, 78, a 7 45 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 Sc, 5 10, a 5 32. 75, 8 5. 8 35 9 25, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25,2.43 3.40 5 20, 7 8, 740. 10 30. Sunday 35, 5 10, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43. 3 28, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. , Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815. 10 9 1153, 1 55. 3 20,5 20.6 17,8 0, 9 '43. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)--7 12. 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 12 0, 1 3, 1 8,2 15. 3 N. 4 0. 5 55, 75,80, 69a40 10 25 11 15 1139. Sundays 90, 9 55. 11 25,2 39. 7 10,9 18 1018,10 4,3 aSaturdays only. bexcept Saturdays. London (L. &N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23' 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 0 5 20, 622, 11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15, 45, 11 35,bMondays excepted. abiondays only. London (Midland}-5 51, 8 46, 958. 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Sundays 11 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm (From Arpley station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36. 1 14, 243 3 38, 4 11, 5 13. 613. 78. a 7 45. 927. Sunday. 8 50, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45. 7 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 43, 10 55, 12 14. 1225,153.29. 332. 426.5 32.6 15, 717,88, 9 20. 10 30 Sundays 43, 5 15, 6, 7 57, 8 28. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0.9 58.10 49, 1 14. 2 43,3 38, 4 11,6 13. 7 8,9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 812 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10 55 116, 1123,11 55,12 55. 1 55, 2 55. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55. 655 71C, 755, 8 13, 855, 9 15, 965, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 a 2 556, 5 3563 20.63aturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35,7 29. Sundays 10 15 san• Newton4e-Willows-7 5, 535, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 17, 9 20 950. 1030. Sundays 843 ans 6 0, 9 54. Padgate-7 0,7 55, 8 2 8 40, 10 28, 11 6 12 0 12 20, 140, 355 528, 7 10, 8 12, g 15- Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47. 5 15. 935 Freston-2 3f5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 2 49, 350 4 50, 628 7 17. 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 237 843, 335 40. 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 33, 825, 945. 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80. Sankey (far Penketh)-4 12. 7 56, 9 5. 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 8 215, 258, 40.5 29, 60.75. 80, 9 25, a 9 40 blO 25, Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted biaturdays only, Odom-lays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46, 10 55 1 55, 3 18. 6 55. Sundays 937 am 515, I' Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35.9 25,1010, 10 55, 11 55 127, 12 25. 2 35 3 40.5 20,6 58,7 8, Satur ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30 Sundays 8 35.8 43.6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2. 114 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36,2 5, 8 55, aSatur ays only. Thelvrall-6 20, 7 22.8 0.8 35.9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 43, 38, 4 11, 618. 613. 7 8,a7 45.927. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 312. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 5 10 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40. 5 29. 60,75. 80, 9 25, a 9 40, blO 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39. 18, aSaturday. excepted. bSaturdays nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-)-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 1153, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wian-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,11 0.11 50, 112 25,1 55. 249,3', 3 50,4 50. 5 20..6 28, 7 17,8 50.9 40,9 55. Sunday, 2 37 843, 3 35. 6 0. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge-6 30. 7 45, 852, 11 2, 120. 3 35, 4 45, 7 20, 830. Sundays 755. 4 42. Alter and Hillhouse-1 8,7 18, 829 9 57. Sundays 9 20, 2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. &B. W.)-3 10 550 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 0 5 50, 7 25. Sundays 3 10, 12 40. 11 42. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. i 7 42, 850 11 48, 1252 55 5 45, 6 50, blO 30 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 blixcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 35,12 35, 3 47, 753 Sundays, 8 0 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,10 35. 12 25 '1 40, .315, 4,5 ,5 23,10 0. Sundays 7 25. 1 35 12, 7 35. Blackpool (Central) -65, 725, 825. 10 0,2 55,4 10,4 58, 55, 6 50. 8 15, 10 8 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 57,8 43. Bolton-5 46,'? 55, 835. 910, 10 25, 12 15,12 15,4 15, 510 6 55.7 15, 8 35,4;10 50.Sandays 8 20 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m.aSatur days only. Carlisle-al2 5. 6 40. 8 30, 9 30.112 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42. Sundays 125 a.m.. 20. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 17, 6 50. 8 45, 1010, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 4. 50,6 36, 7 30. 8 10, Sundays 21?, 935. 755, 115. Collins Green-6 39, 79. 542,10 24.7,15 11 24. 12.38 18, 1 43,2 10, 3 10, 4. 6, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 1046. Sundays 7 15, 8 ICa.m. Crewe-2 1. 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 16. 2 50, 415. 545 640. 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 710, 245 4 10,9 20. 2 1, 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17. 11 27. 2 47. 5 48, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 336. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 6 35. alhoept Mondays. Barlestown-6 58, 7 13:8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25, 12 43. 1 6. 1 12, 1 47, 4 13. 3 11, 3 14. 5 15. 5 42. 5 52, 6 30, 7 33, 8 8 9 10, 9 20, 12 0, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 3 45. 724. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 45, 1224, 2 9. 3 27, 5 i,6 2.6 54. 9 14. Sundays 8 42. 257,82. Frodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1. 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 531, 657,831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 10 40, 10 5 12 0. 12 56. 211, 35. 4 56. 59. 553. 651, 124 930 Sundays 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 651, 8 54. , Glasgow-a 9 5, 1010. 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMon day eacepted. brolborne--6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15 10 47. Sundays 9 40. 76. Wough Green-7 45, 815.99. 103, 1053, 1.17 130, 2.22 519, b 10, 523, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 918. Sunda.ysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlam suad Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 nadays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 14, 840, 934. 102. 11 17, 120. al 45. 213 3 0.4 22, 05 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9, 42.11 27. Sundays 823 2133,7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpooßvia Harlestown)-1 0 a 2 65,6 0,7 50,8 0.9 25,11 50 15. 1 30, 3 201 4 25, 4 50,6 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20. 6 JO,B 54 ailondays only. Via Widnes-5 20 7 10,? 40, 830 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 50 1248,155,235,440,450,536.635 7 33, 30 a 40, 110 a Saturdays excepted Sundays 80, 9 0 2 30, 2 50, 4 20. 630 8 33. London (L & N W)-10 0, 12 0, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215,415,530 Sundays 100, 120, 15 0, 5 30, 100, 1012. London (Midland )-5 15, 9 010 5,12 0, 2 0 0, 5 ,a 9 15, 12 0, Sun,,ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 3 32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 8, 111, a 137, 25, 250. 414.05 33,5 t 9,6 41 7 41,8 58 933, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 25, 9 5, 10 45, 11 5, 3150,15,235.345.420,515.60. 7 5, 7 10. 8 0, 9 2). 10 40. Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90, 9 50, 60.10 40 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Road Manchester (London-road)-7 25. 7 53, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35. 2 C, 340. 65 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2,0 1 40, 630 b3aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 3), a 9 5, 930 9 36.1030. 10 35, 11 30. 1230.12 45. 1 3.2 30,3 30, 4 30,4 4 48 6 30, 6 30,6 38, 730, 8 30, 8 33. 13 0, all. 30, 11 0. Sun clays 8 30,9 10. 925 9 30. 10 40. 1 fr.% 20a 5, 35, 8 20, 9 40. Saturday. s.only. Middlewich-6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 14,12 14,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 68 Newton-6 47, 725. 8 42, 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, 1 55, 3, 2 51, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 80, 9 10, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 11 5, Sundays 8 3 9 18, 100. Padgate 748, 826. 90.105 1 9, 210, 5187 3, 935. Sundays 8 53. 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 45, 650, 95, 9 30 10, 10,11 28, 110. 4 20, 640 8 30, 9 45, 1049. Sundays 29, 45, 8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47. 2 36. a Mondays excepted. Runcorn 19,9 19 10 15, 1230, 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 30. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 34. Sundays, 849, 10 8 3 40, 5 7. 928. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. t Helens-6 20,6 55, 8 3, 8 28, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 12 11 20. 12 5. 1 25, 2 45, 430, 5 50, 82, Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 50,2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 8 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36. 9 30, 9 58, 1113. 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18. 5 37, 63, 645,7 45, 937. 11 23. Sundays, ti 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 915. 1010. Ii 12, 12 25 1 25, 2 30, 3 25. 4 25, 5 296 12, 7 16, 7 58. 9 25 11 42, aSun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10 9 20. a Saturdays only Widnes (LAN W)-7 5 8 56, 9 33 10 33, 12 16, 59, 2 2. 2 I 3 20, 3 58, 5,0, 55, 6 46, 11.6,1 Sundays 8 14, 250, 754 16.

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can bs poco ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. a. m.—Newton-le-Willows a.m.—Wigan a.m.—Widnes, Appleton. Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Newehurch a.m—Bewsey, , Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helene 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, axd the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Preseot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, Soath Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Extern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales. London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Orrnskirk, Bath. Bristol Exeter Gloueester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S•East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumbarland, Wzgau Belton 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkeahe ad. Northwicb, Nantwich and Sanabach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodshara Bridge, Helsby,Widnes. Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newelourch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery. Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymns, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East ;Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and tne U.S.America 6-15 p.ra.—Towa Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —1045, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign siatters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m .12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EAELESTOWN AND NEWTON HEAD OFFICE ... High-st.. New ton PosTsugraa Mr.Jaraes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m, The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 81. n , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. --Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin- ary Postage, and with an.extra halfpenny stamp Extra Stampd.

Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Rarlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge.4an, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales. Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton. Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWaleS,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S ..411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton 45; Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WILL BOXES ARE CLEARED As FoLLOWS:—

' •)133.•• ~,, ..,„\ ....,,,,.,....... 0 purth _. ZFAVO4:I:9I3TO TIM QUTEN lk:,:ge . atj wadi' .. 9 ' I i '........;• ~. 1 ,-.. AIM of 4s pi Nit _ , ir 11,04,.1 ....ts, ....... k ). I; ~ y, ,L, , ~,,,,i ~ f •, ' ' h mist P.1:111.,- II; HEAD 14 'fl . -;'. ` ' ` , • • 41 ,I, w .... 1!1,,4--,, ~,‘... -• ... . • , • , N lk ~..;\ 5T,‘.....\%. .1•41: NN., \ ,—.., 1 ..'"--.., 4 hi' ' • ustar- c„; v.iN ' ~ . 4,, L'Nl' I '',''' '''.' • • : . , . . \ tr. It . • r..... , - 1 • ~ • 7, , \ • `\ • ,-:\---_:.-_,...._. . -....„,_: _ . ~,, ~, "_:...-.n*-..7.1.±..„,,,.,,,,,,,..„.. ',,,,....,1„..-..=.-....5.:;:5.,,•.‘„,\\ ~ --, • • \ , ~,,.., ~,,, - • • :-..:' „,;,.-„,04,4,.!..„',-,:, ,- •1' -',',N7-,-,,,,„,..',;(,-: .. .-,..2.007:,,L-; ...:,'.' 7,7 •-- . • , - r‘;'-' $,V,,,-..e:V5t,.., !-".r.r:.=it' -..5-7.1.-4.," , , ,hivv..,..,:i4-5,..4., ,:.• . • '\, •,• ' ' . -;A$"... . i''' ..,eTI,-'..; r',1'.'".119. :.' '",,:':'.7„:"'' • V,.1)...-:-1"..- AV.,,„,4.,-;'.,;•-• .' ' - ',....„ .' , ,;.,..,., ~ • . ' -• , • - _ .. _ --, ~.,--, - e r , 111',..= ~,, ' %,05,,k,,, , . . .11--''..- ,'"? :if • ./... vie zi,,...5, '114., _-...i...w.- ....,, - .i:',,.,..,4,...,....,1....;;. , ,-." . - ....*:••:\j';'' • ' -., ,--;t3Teett?).''' "' .":4-' a'e '',4 ' 1,, , ..'s : MO THE ' ' ' 3 '..4. ' 1 '‘'.l ; 0 . .. .. ~ , .'-; ,', . t• 4 -; - 1 '`. •, - - • 4EAD \ ~:g.l.t= ~.,eskol-1 `.-Attiii-mt' ~^...;:.•410.10/4-..., , 1 , ---, , '' ": ' ' • . -4,1•:,.., : ',V-i,j,-;, .- - . . . , .. , • , „ r-e on, - , 17,.. .. -----. - _ ---- _____ ..• N . . BYSPEINALWARRANT ' Ns.,, I • , M ANLIAOTURER3 TO THE QUM, 1 9 I,';'olii,''-. ACCEPT oN go FRETERcE,COImansi.:T;„:„. .1„„..r.- - 1 W i'l PiTEVER ANY TIN Wl-11Cif DOES NOT BEAR TRE5E::.:,,...:411,1...-A i.. 1,.. DISTINCTIVE MARKS---z. 9 , ._,. I, ....... __ . I:>. .. .V. ,_.,. e- ' • -:.; .11 ,:_ , ,ill ‹.‘ • -. . • ~ (Double 5 u perFi ne),',..-- - --,:,- is the Name oF the BE ST QUALITY.. ' — --- ~: --Y---:-.4 e

ROW LAN D,S,:. OIL . . ~.. . _...,, ~..t FOR THE HAIR. Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually Ulan any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dand riff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Irsealuable for Ladies' r, , 1 Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 316, 7/-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. ~..11., 4,., ..,...,,,-v-,......1.14.V.W5tra-IEIGN.MINNIVIAIVEIMP.st&V,Atxr,tigairiPIS,-53.NibriarELEIRINIMIM CJI .--- '''')ii., iif : ~1" :i W." ,- ' • , -- li 4 :,^ .t— 4 • ils,r ki. • . .-x. 0. ~le. ..,.. :i . • :,;‘• 1:-. 2 ~7, ' •' *' 5 - 1-: # ?'" I i.. 1-" k - ' - - -1:. .. _ . ~..,-.. ..,.. 4', --.) -.; '-' - ' i! ri V-, U..• 'f ' • "*" V"'. 1 - ' ".I ' 4 p., 1 g v's ••• . , - ' . .0 ..1 g "' ..1-• 4., . 1:•,:•••4'. T4' 24. ;,. -z:',7, • aZI ti.* - "t—y "•••,,:r 47, ' : s-: •, iz FO!--is: THE. TEETH. The Best Tooth Powder. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London.

lixVE YOU A BAD LEG wllll wounds that discharge or otherwise, perha surrounded with inflammati on and swollen, that whe YOU press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the tin oresston P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated : the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have Mended various hospitals arid had medical advice, and oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I c..tri CURS YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed ii no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 21. 6d. to C. W. ALBBRT, 73, FARRINGDort-sTREET (ONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILIA which lea certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols )lel Hands, !union.. [Registered Copyi ight.)

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

THE GREAT REMEDY. 11 la A I \ GOUT PILLS

FOll GOUT, MIBUMATISSI SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The Bxerucietttg PAin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and Effeettml. All ChErrists mad Stores at Is. ltd. and 2s. 9t er box.

dth Tan* -40 01410 t CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC N RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and. Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, of all Chemists. M BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

HOLLOWAY'S P I ~ LS cvce 13i1ious and Nervous Disoltders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, &C. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

GRAPPENHALL. --- REVISING THE LISTS.-Mr. Clement Elphinstone Llcyd barrister-at-law, attended in the Large Room at Grappenhall, on Saturday, at noon, for the purpase of revising the lists of voters in the Grappenhall polling district, which comprises the t)wnships of Grappenhali, Latchforl, and Latchford Without.-111r. J. R. Dean re- presented the Conservatives, and Mr. Joseph Smith ticautsford), the Liberals. Mr. Joseph Smith, of War- rington, represented the assistant-,vereeer of Warring- ton (Vr. J. L. Turistall). Only officials connected with the court were present, and the proceedings were of a routine character.

NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE. AUMER'S ARMS, FEARNHEAD., JOSEPH ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fearnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time rat reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison' latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES, and Stout. Wines, Spirits, an I cigars of the Best Quality. A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Chas of Photographic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHER GROUPS A .iI'ECIALITIE.

MRS. WALTON'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEAD LANE, PADGATE, OE MINUTE'S WALK FROU 'BUS TERNIINUS

J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

LATEST NEWS. _ THE TRANSVAAL. SITUATION eI.)RE C.;OMPLICA [ED. Practically no information, except of a negative char- acter, was to be obtained from official sources yester- day. The attitude oi the Free State, it is generally con- sidered, complicates an already difficult situation, and though of course it wes net unforseen by Her Majesty's advisers that such a position might be taken up by Presi dent Steyn,it is beyond doubt that at the Cabinet Coun cil to-day the new phase will rec,ive careful consideration • Owing to the fact that there is every likelihood of the two Republics combining as enemies of Great Britain, President Steyn's message will probably result in the . Cabinet deciding on sanding se larger force to South Africa, the question of troops being one that will be considered to-day. It is anticipated in military circles, the same agency says, that the effect of the meeting of the Cabinet will be that Sir Redvers Buller will receive orders to leave ' for South Africa without delay. TROOPS ARRIVE AT KIMBERLEY, 2 GREAT ENTHUSIASM. KIMES RLEY, THURSDAY. The first detachment of the Reyal Lancashire Regi-- • mint arrived bore te-day, amid a scene of great enthusiasm. A large crowd had assembled at the station, and the troops were cheered again and again. ANOTHER THOUSAND TROOPS DESPATCHED. The transport Jelunga left Sou:hampton on Wednes-- day afternoon for the Medeerrause.n, having on board 1.047 men. 64 women, and 63 children, besides 65 racers and three ladies. The majority of these troops. • are prcceeding to Natal, via Gibraltar. 52,000 BOERS READY TO TAKE THE. FIELD. "GREAT BRITAIN WANTS THE COUNTRY." The following special telegram has been received at- the London office of the "Standard anu Diggers' News (a pro-Boer organ) : JOHANNESBURG, THURSDAY. The returns which have new come In from atl the field cerneta in the rrausvaal and Orange Free State show that 52,000 burghers are ready to take the field at short • notice. It is unfortunate that Sir A. Milner did net cable at the Blotmfontein Confer.erce a coxaplete pro-- gramme ef what Great Britain required from the Trans- vaal, because the Government of the latter is now under ; the impressien that however much they may grant some new demands will be sprung upon them. The Government of the Rep eblic, the members of the Yolks-- read, and the burghers generally have become impressed with the idea that Great Brita n wants the country, and that anything now granted wiil !iimply lead to further demands. DISGRACEFUL ASSAULT ON CYCLISTS. • At Chesham Petty Ses.siens two men named Witney and Chandler, were charged with assault. It was stated that Miss Irene Parrott and a gentleman friend, from London,were cycling through the village when they met four men,two of whom used diseraceful language to the cyclists. One of the defendants set a dog on thens,which pulled them from heir machines. The men were fined £2 each, while Witney and another man had to pay 5s each for bad language. ALLEGED DESECRATION OF CHURCHES 1 BY AMERIC&N TROOPS. WASHINGTON, THURSDAY. Mr. Root has cabled to General Otis to investigate e rumours of toe desecration by American forces of Catho- lie Churches in the Philippines in regard to which Cardinal Gibbons made representations to President M`Kinley. A MONSTRE TROUT. A brown trout, weighing 1011 b., has just been captured by Mr. A. Savage, a north country angler, while fishing at the meeting of the waters ef the Wyre- .e and Brock, in North Lancashire. The fish is 33in. long and 15in, in girth. Jo weight it is said to beat all records in the north. A POLICEMAN STABBED. • A Castleford (Yorkshire) constable named George , Drenham was on Wednesday night stabbed in the. abdomen by an unknown person who decamped. The condition of the policeman is dangerous. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. -T The weather forecast for the North-west of England and North "Vales up to noon to-day is as follows Westerly winds, faliing light ; fine; perhaps foggy at. night. THE FATE OF ANDREE, AN ANCHOR BUOY FOUND. STOCKHOLM, WEDNESDAY. k TLIO " Aftonbladet "has received a telegram from the master of the Norwegian gutter Martha Lareask stating that on the 9th inst. ha found an anchor buoy marked "Andrea Polar Expedition "on the north coast of Bing Charles Island.—Reuter. DEATH OF AN EX-CHAMPION WALKER. The death is announaed at Stewartstown, Tyrone. on Wednesday, of Mr. C. B. Irwin, ex amateur Irish champion walker, and winner of Sandow's golden statuette offered for the best developed man in the United Kingdom. Mr. Irwin was well known politically across the Channel,haviug condeeted a series of Unionist campaigns in England and Scotland during the 1895 General Election.

FOR IRST -CL ASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be , arranged. fiCE ETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the coat of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. rEETII. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless lizZlLnuass hitherto by the TEE r Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons • weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY ExAm.) MANCHESTER........ 46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS ..... MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EA RL E'STO B RIDGE-STREET TU SDAY. 2 p.m. WARR INGION SANKEY-STREET WEDNESD.iY, 2 to 5. RUNCO3N THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH.- --IS, APPLE A RICET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5. •

MARRIAGES. D AY—LEorrattn---September 10th, at the Parish Churels.Wal rington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Thomas Day to Elizabeth Leonard. MeLELLAN—E, ILL—September 11th. at the Parish Chnreit, Warrington, by the Rev. A. P. White, James McLellan to Louisa Hill. DEATHS. RoUGHLEY.— September 9th. at Parr-street, Warrington George Roughley, aged 23 years. SEAUMONT.—oeptember 10th. at lidgeworth-street, Warring' ton, Jane .Hetumont, aged 58 years. Mesorr.—September 10th, at Stevenson-street, Warringtopo Mary Maion, aged 44 years. DEELEY.-Beptember 10th. at Naylor-street, Warringiali. Rbzabeth Deeley aged 64 years. Ann • FAY.—September 11th, at Heath-lane, Warrington, Fay, aged 48 years. SHELDox —eeptember 12th, at Longford-street, Warrlngt°°' Catherine Sheldon, aged 30 years.

MARS GREEN, Warrington, Opposite Arpley Stati° Also at MANCHESTNE-ROA.D, (late Besenhigh's.) S. T. WAR D AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, ‘4AttBLE MASONS, ctc,, • Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Manumit:: Tombs Tablets, FulNits, Fonts. Headstones in Gran Mar;le, end Stone. Designs and bstinsates Free. LETTERCiiTTING, AND CLEANING FXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
