===== 0002601_18991027_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A. THOMPSON, ESTAT V:, HOUSE, AND T.NSUBANCE AGENT. 100, BEV7SEY-RUAD, IYAIMINGTON. PROPERTY BOUGHT AND SOLD. BEASONAI3LE TERM.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1072.

BIRT RD I Y.

ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER 1 THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET REINGTON.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES.

MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS.

STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

_ ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

rp 10BACCO, CIGAR S, C IGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREIST, AIANCHESTHR. Established 65 Years.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 16139.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES

===== 0002601_18991027_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE EXAMINER." SERIES. THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER, AND PRESCOT WEEKLY NEWS," THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND TIATDOCK REPORTER." THE" RUNCORN EXAMINER." AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

===== 0002601_18991027_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EADWS pus. pILLS. EADWS EADWS piLLS. ELIA S pus. EADB'S pus.

All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately have recourse to BADR'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vex v worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in

their action. - INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. G 0 U T " 18,Eurton-crescent Dewsbna road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. 'RRE U M AT! 6 M "DAar Sir,—lt is with uni‘ounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had It HE UMAT I 3 M Rheumatics Gout, iuid I liad three • months in bed with it. Of course G OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHBUM A T I S M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a G OUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMAT I S M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have laivi the least G OUT pain I have taken 2 more Pill. and I have been all right again RHE UMA T I S3ll directly. I WOULD NOT Bls WITHOUT G OUT THEM IF THEY COST - ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R H E U M A T I S M wYlolautaruesequyig iiitk,lirttyhisto amnacikl3 G OUT shall be pleased rt answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RH B U MAT M me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists' in Bottles, is. Id, and 21. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD, B.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain EADE'S GOUT AND AIM MATIO PILLS. ! EADII S PILLS

===== 0002601_18991027_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Iv rosT{ "' 75d.2sPegrd(2. pu:rrtQeruar, 6tser6cdredpeirt annum

===== 0002601_18991027_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Sin Sheet sit. 3in. by 3ft. 91n. Tr L&RGESr IN THE DISTRICT. A MOBS triß PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the " LtyIATILIN" SHEETS. ThIE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may ne arranged TEETH All oonsultations free. TEETH. Bath patient Informed beforehand the ant of work required.

TEETH. gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Palaless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide, TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.

Baer', of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(Dxirzurr Er Exam.)

MANCHESTER...._._....-46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 11383),

ST. HELENS ........................GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.a. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

BARLESTOWN --,....-.-7, BlifIX3E-STREEr

TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON -......31, SANK EY-STE EST

WEDNESDAY, 1 to 5.

31. BRIDGE,STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH.--18, APPL EMARK ET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 6.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCH to Fli TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, ineluding the round and Half-round always in stock, A handsome present given to cash par- ohaser. Finger size-cards post free.--EUSTANOR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington, Established 1864.

flottls, lvtirao, kaarbing COtabe TSUI OF MAN, CuALatEß's York House. Castle Terrace 1 Central Promenade. DouglAs. Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board is. 6d. and 6s. 6d. per day ;no extras.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 49 LUDGATE :TILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. Eliolvh SQUARIi. HOME COMIORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL TOR BUSINEAS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Cc , Ltd. Proprietors.

OUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physioian : Dr. BABNADO. Summer and Winter Residenoe. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; ne S View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 71 6d per day, including Turkish. Russian and other Bathe. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK. Proprietor.

11.0LIDAYS.—Most Charming RESIDRNOR near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting, Both Houses Re- modelled, Re-turnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 10s. per week.—Enwean OEuu, Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Otantp.

_ _otfritrage3}orp err)ecrejstii too f DeedslT Ldmons £150,600 ti to suit b.)rrowers,in any part of the eountrs.—J. W. IIEADER, 5.C00k-street, Liverpool. Telephone 51E2.

86,500 RThOvIRDLANNsej ON , ACTERs T GLAe.,(l7,s' versa frm zL o per cent. CHIEF E FOR SALn.—J: BROWN, 50i. Lord-etreet, I iverpool. Rat. 1872. Tel. No. 7436

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES t 1 PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Househol&rs, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, Without delay, xvitho..t public euquiry on your simple Written promise te pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WlDNhis• WARRINGTON at mj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of 2,5, £7, £lO, £2O. £33, £BO and upwards.

FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2f repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ 6/- „ £25 „ 12/6 ~ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £3O ~ 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or tines charged, hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. SAurday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO jOSEP 11 W ADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

- MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been establishf-d for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavored to act in a fair and straightforward manner, ad has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES.

PROSPECTUSRS, terms for advances, or any infornrition desired. will be supplied, FREE OF Cif on appliCa tion either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PA YNE,

ACCOUNTANT,

COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16. SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. Head Office, 20, Hanover St., Manchester.

For nearly 20 years DB. DAVIS'

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO, WOMANKIND. They are the best 'known remedy for An2emia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression. Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 91d., Is. Id., 2s. 9,1 and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. if not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Ds. DAVIS, 309, Portobello-rwl, Notting Hill. London. _ LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai-ats, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is, he only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts ahcost Immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every 3ase.

send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full partieu- ars and most convinning Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1,000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKRS, 10, FRATHERSTONE BUILDING:4, Mali DOLDN, LONDON, W.C.

'

t j I 'l', , 4 4 ~ 1 11

===== 0002601_18991027_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAR NELLIE,

There are a number of charming frocks and coats for children and young girls about. Dresse3 of sky blue velveteen, with vests of various coleueed silks and bands, are noticeable on the young folks. I saw one with revers of blue velvet, embroidered in white and blue silk, and similar embroidery ou the alcoves at the wrists. A coat a friend of hlir.e was buying for her little sister was comp.:sei of white wool repp, trimmed with kilted trills of white silk on the cuffs and round the cape. Above the kiltings there were narrow bands of beaver fur. She was also purchasing a quaint little bonnet of hlack velvet, trimmed and lined with soft white •v. ngal satin. lam of the opinien, however, that tt of another shape would have looked equally

I cannot say that anything particularly striking has occurred in regard to chapeaux lately. Everyone has them trimmed according to their own fancy. I think a pretty hat could bc ramie of green velvet, for I have one of tl,.kt clo.r. tin each side is a bird's head and a buret: a greaa and brown feathers, arranged rat'aer flat at the I.:les. A friend of mine has one of biovin f-it cloth, with - a twist of bright blue velvet itt--oat the c..t.rrn. The trimming is of blue tulle, a 0 1 ght-blite, and brown wings, and it is v.:ranv-.4 ba sid,. Felt cloth in castor forms anothtz Lat ith a rcflla brim turned up with a brown sel:et painted feather. These imitation feathers, pAnted on both gauze and velvet, will be much worn, to judge by the number appearing on the early models.. Ropes of ptrple velvet, woven into a lattice-work, make a round chapeau that is trimmed only by a long, painted feather of white gauze.

A large number of splendid fur jackets are now being shown in many establishments, but by reason of the comparative mildness of the weather they have not been universally adopted. A coat I saw yesterday was a combination of fur in grey lamb with brown fox, a small pelerine being formed with a yoke of lamb, the shoulders outlined with the whole fox, the long tail falling to the knees. The beat of the dark fur coats, the sealskin, and the broad-tail ttre faced with ermine—ermine with- out the little black tails—and sometimes they are bordered again with a narrow strip of dark fur. The bolero coat obtains exclusively for the furs, to the waist at the back, and pointing downwards in the front. Broad-tail is perhaps the most becom- ing, for lb euitg the feminine figure, if not the feminine face.

As very wide toques make some faoes look charming, while they render others much too small by force of contrast so the present mode of doing the hair has much the same effect. By affording a large frame to the face, it reduces its apparent size. But when this tends to insignificance, it leaves the "mignonne" behind. The very small-featured should avoid the very liberal coiffure end the hat to match. Ladies with Roman noses may wear their hair wide disprehrl, and a liberal envelopment of hat. Now that Lroheads have reappeared after an eclipse of several years, a very large face has its only chanze of looking well by adopting a coiffure of adequate size. Perched on this, a small toque looks ridiculous. A very high authority on dress and beauty says that the size of the headgear should be regulated by that of the face. A eleven and experienced English woman declares that the character cf the headdress and coiffure should, first of all, depend on the siie and form of the shoulders, and the length or otherwise of the neck. The stature has also to be taken into account.

A hat of white glace, with black stitchings upon it, with a border of black tulle, a flame-coloured rosette, and a pair of black and white quills in the !rant is an odd fancy, but it obtains our patronage; indeed, absorbs it, together with the much twisted plateau and soft hat shapes made entirely of plaitings of velvet and tulle in the tiniest, nar- rowest straps.

A little boy's coat I saw recently was built on the lines of the so-much-liked highway- man's model, and with it there was a tricorne hat, composed of cloth to match the coat or of felt the same colour. Suitable hues for this design are castor, 'gazelle brown, putty, blue, scarlet, or locust green. Your loving JENNIIL

, • o ile, • ' ( ::a :k .., g 4 ild ' v, • , , ) \,..• Nton,, • \ A , - \ \ A 4,_: !1:4•: , s,y, '4•- v !!, -• *, j \\ V \

1, if-<-1- - ---- t< /,,,,... .,.... - )",,-, - v:--4741*,-.1,4-!.. V - . ---cy -.4.- -1 ----t• /5, ~,,, e /./ -atm VA cpw--",:•- ---- f l.

~.,,,) • r - c•--- ..,,= ~-.21,),-v -- : - .1.; • ~..•.:!„:1 1/1 r i 1::::?:,1%;,..;::::'.;/;i4 , ,::* *:.:6".! / 1 1 11';'. 4- ,r : i:*-4 ii,\ ' ,:. !i.;::::„.!":: :: : ••••;',.,.,, .0.,.,„V ' • :::::,k :/ ' - , .'\ . ¶i 449 t ~- ‘ i V.,44 ' • i 4:4) •- / , ti) , 11,.//, /I, it,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A Book for Ladies.

The knowledge containcd in this book is of PRICE- LESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED LADY, and has been the means of brightening the lives of thousands. It contains a large atcouLt of valuable information. All will prc,fit by reading it, as the knowledge gained is priceless, and cannot but do good. Eent in sealed enve lope for two stamps. -

MRS, M. FARLEIGII, (Box 630 160_ 11ACILEEX ROAD, Lorinos, 11,4

===== 0002601_18991027_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.

MRSNENIMIN2M3!n

Stylish in Design, Made and Finished to Perfect-lon in Two very Durable and Good Looking Cloths, and supplied at a lower price than would be charged by an ordinary Dresimake for the mere making-up. Praised by thousands of Well-pleased Customers. THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. HALF-GUINEA COSTUMES

(CoPrightl THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.

BY HUME NISBET,

Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," 'Hunting for Gold," "The Swarupers,"

" Yes, governor, lii 0,, there." Walter Gordon glanced keenly round him as he lint there. There was a safe in this room, butt , was standing open, as if inviting inspection. ."No," he thought, "he doesn't keep any private papers here. They must be at his own house." ilHe rose and shook hands with his old employer and went out to meet his pal Solomon and concoct A plans. At ten o'clock, as Stephen Belwood was lingering 'and obliterating himself as much as possible in the ,drawing-room. a card was brought to him with Al" Mr. George Walters" on it. . "Shew the gentleman into my study, please," he maid to the domestic. "I will see him there."

;ti A few moments afterwards he glided out from ! that fashionable throng and sought his visitor. f;Walter Gordon had been there first, and looking round formed his own conclusions.

1' Stephen Belwood, after getting his visitor served with brandy and soda and cigars—he did not smoke iihimself, at least, not tobacco, neither did he drink spirits—started business. 11 They argued matters out for an hour, -before ' Walter Gordon said he was satisfied. He would I take a cheque for two thousand pounds, and a few i,payable directorships. - Then Stephen Belwood opened his private safe and got out his cheque-book, well pleased that he had managed affairs so well. He left Walter Gordon at the fireplace, smok- ing one of his finest cigars, while he turned his back upon him to fill up the cheque. He had just signed his name and was about to blot it, when suddenly a handkerchief steeped .with chloroform was pressed upon his mouth and nostrils, that in Ihis weakling condition he could not ward it off. A gasp or two, and Stephen Belwood dropped like a dead man, inider the grip of his powerful assailant. Walter Gordon held his victim with that saturated handkerchief over his mouth and nostrils for fully five minutes. Then, satisfied that he was past resistance, he carried him .over to the couch and laid him down there.

He next locked the door and began his search in the open safe. Stephen Belwood had opened it to Iget his cheque-book. At last he had secured the papers he wanted. He read them to see if all were right, and, satisfied, he crammed them into his inner coat pocket. . .

Then, with one last look at his unconscious victim on the couch, he opened the door, and walked quietly. down the staircase to the hall. . . .

I - The- hallkeeper let him out obsequiously, helping him on with his hat and coat. Then, quite satis- fied, he went out of the front door.

Two yards from the door, in the street, he found himself gripped and arrested for a little bit of private swindling which he had done before he had left England for Australia. Dastardly fate. It was only for three pounds five; and he had in his pocket a cheque for two thousand pounds, and documents enough to secure him a life of affluence. Walter cursed his luck as he resigned himself to his fate. Solomon Davies, who had been hanging about for his admired friend, skedaddled when he saw the arrest. Ho lay perdu for the next day until he received a message from his imprisoned friend through his lawyer. It ran thus: "See the Duchess and warn her. All up. Get what you can out of her to help mo, and vamouse." Solomon Davies took the hint and the first boat after this from Calais, and hied him straight south to !Italy, leaving Madame Davies to follow at her leisure.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXXII.

STEPHEN BELWOOD AT HOME.

Although Stephen Belwood fixed the large amount of fifty thousand pounds as the price of her revenge to the Duchess, not a twentieth part of it left his own hands.

He satisfied the scruples of Mr. Algernon Churchill Champion by promoting him to the board of several new and sound companies, thereby increasing his income by some inure hundreds pet annum. He likewise gave him some sage hints ,14 to good investments, and thus secured the gratitud and silence of that gentleman. To the amiable spouse of this virtuous directe, he presented five hundred pounds worth of fresh jewellery. He did not think it necessary to give more, as for their own sakes they would keep quiet over that bit of perjury and baseness. Walter Gordon was the worst customer he had to deal with, this gentleman being in a number of his other secrets, and about as wily as he was himself.

He had to part with three thousand pounds before Walter even pretended to be satisfied. They had a bitter contest over this deal in the private office of the money-lending establishment, and said hard things to one another. Finally, however, Walter consented to take that sum as a compensa- tion for haring to leave his beloved London. It was necessary to get him out of the way as well as Mr. and Mrs. Solomon Davies, in case inquiries were afterwards instituted. The manager, Walter Gordon, felt it also wise that he should obliterate himself for awhile, since his name had bev mixed up with that of Hope Eastlake. Outs raged husbands are ugly customers for smooth- faced Lotharios to be interviewed by, and personal courage was not one of this young man's shining qualities. Therefore he reschristcned himself, as did his subordinate Solomon Davies. Mr. Stephen Bel- wood paid their passage out to Melbourne, and gave them employment there in a Mount of Pity branch establishment, which he commissioned his late manager to open in that gay city of the South. Walter Gordon took out his passage as George Walters, and his companions as Mr. and Mrs. Saul Denvers. One thousand pounds was their perquisite for helping to ruin Hope. The pawnbroker assistant who had identified Hope as the pledger of the jewellery, he bestowed twenty pounds upon, and gave him a rise in his profession with an increase of salary. Possibly he may have considered himself justly entitled to the bulk of those wages of sin, seeing that he was the master sinner. At any rate, he stuck to it as his legitimate rights. It was a large amount, certainly, but not too large for his com- mission, he thought, considering the risks he ran, if ever this plot was discovered. Having settled these matters to his own satisfac- tion, if not entirely .to that of his tools, he pro- ceeded to look after more regular business. Since his business relations with the Duchess Valerie good luck in his City speculations seemed to have turned entirely in his favour. Formerly he had had reverses as all speculators have at times, and met them with Stock Exchange philosophy. But now, and for the past year Pluto had adopted bins and imparted to him the gift of King Midas • whatever he touched changed into gold for him and his followers. For a year past he had not failed in a single.forecast. year schemes he took up or patronised were successes. This meant, of course, that he was accumulating wealth so rapidly that already it was beginning to lose Much of the pleasure it once had. He did not grow any more generous or philanthropic, how- ever. Ha was becoming, if anything, more penurious and mean about trifles. Of late, money-lenders had been having uncom- fortable times in the courts, and nasty exposures in the papers. As yet his business had escaped this inquisitorial handling, but he began to tremble lest his hour might copse. Stephen Belwood, HO City Colossus began to get 'a distaste for those' pettifogging and sordia. businesses' which his prudent father had left to him. For the sake of his name in the City and that fashionable dame who looked after his private mansion, he decided to get rid of those businesses as speedily as possible. Once decided the matter was easily done. He flung them upon the market and made them into companies. Shares were issued, and the capital speedily secured, and the price paid into his own bank by round-about processes which kept his name entirely out of' the business. Men of straw served him in this and disappeared after the trans. actions were completed. He was now only to be identified with these businesses according to the shares which he had openly purchased. The Melbourne branch, which had just been started, went with the rest of the property. Now, as Stephen Belwood took care to keep his own name out of the board of directors and be only an ordinary shareholder, he managed to keep clear of any of the future arrangements. This made a vast difference to his late employes, particularly' to his Melbourne manager, Walter 'Gordon, alias George Walters, and his friend Solomon Davies, alias Saul Denvers. These worthies no sooner had installed themselves, expecting a good time of it, than they found their wings clipped and themselves under the control of - strange masters. This they both resented bitterly, and in six months after their arrival at the Antipodes, they resigned, and were once more voyaging homewards, brooding upon their wrongs and plotting revenge. "If the boss tries to kick we'll tackle the Duchess," said the ex-manager, who knew a little more about affairs than even Stephen was aware. "He isn't the man to work a game like this with- out written authority, and he is the last man to destroy the incriminating documents. I'll work to get those from him, and then we can have two cows to milk, Sol, my boy." While these things were happening, however, the long expected cablegram arrived from Dawson City. The Duchess had written in cypher, and the message had been wired from Vancouver. On the strength of this Stephen Belwood did a stroke worthy of his reputation. He had rumours spread so as to make a slump in Klondike, then he pur- chased privately as many shares as he could. The . following week, all the papers were filled with the discovery of Sir Lewis Eastlake and his com- panions, and the highest boom of the century was mu full force. Mr. Stephen Belwood and those in his confidence were, in a week's time, fabulously rich, besides being roasters of the position. Whe.n he received time wire from his agents in Melbourne of the resignation and departure of his rebellions tools, he experienced a slight sensation of uneasiness, but he quickly recovered his calm- ness. - _ _

One morning in the month of March, as Mr. Belwood entered his city office, shivering under Ida fur overcoat, his chalky face more like a &,i-pse's than •ever, his dark eyes dim and deeply set, his walk ieehle and wearied, he saw in the outer office his former manager, Mr. Walter Gordon. Ile expected him to come about this time, therefore he did not express any surprise. He merely wished him good morning and ushered him into his private den. When the door was shut he removed his overcoat and sank weariedly into his chair. "Well, Walter, you did not care milt* for Haustralia surely, since you har back so quickly ? " "No, governor, I didn't like Australia, neither did Sol Davies, so we've come back like this proverbial--" "The voyage 'as done you good. You look splendid," said Stephen, eyeing him furtively. can't say the same for you, governor. You are not looking at all well." "Oh, I'm well henough. There's nothink hever much wrong with me." He waved his hand impatiently. He did not like people to condole with him about his personal appearance or apparent state of health. Walter Gordon knew this and grinned. "Well, I've come to consult with you about my future, Mr. Belwood. What do you propose ? " "Hi hexpect I must do something for han hold pal. Hi've been thinking h,)ver you and Sol Davies, hand I think I can fix yo i; hup." In what way?" -

"Well, I ha'nt got time to-day to discuss the :natter, has I 'ave some business to hattend in the City, but if you can come hout to my private 'ouse to-night we'll talk hit hover. Come habout ten ertlock hand 'aye a sUlo4e."

===== 0002601_18991027_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXXIII.

FAREWELL TO VALERIE.

The wound which stretched Sir Lewis senseless on the deck of the Gadfly was not a serious one. It might have been, however, from the part it struck, with a thin-skulled man. Sir Lewis, however, possessed a good hard and solid frontal brain-pan, while the bullet did a ricochet, and made only an ugly-looking scalp wound. _

It drove -all Consciousness from him until the doctor had cut his hair and sewed up the broken skin. It also made him a very gory spectacle, and gave him the appearance of being the most desper- ately wounded man on the yacht. But after the blood was sponged from his face , and neck, and the doctor had revived him, he was able to go up on deck again and enjoy a cigar, while he listened to the news. The Duchess had been well-nigh frantic until he appeared and re- assured her that he was still alive and able to kick. Ten hours of sound sleep restored him almost to his former fine condition of health, aid the Duchess ' once again became serene. They had fought bravely and calmly, as Britisher, always do when attacked by long odds. It is only when the enemy are about of equal number that our courtrymen have a chance of being conquered, for we are a phlegmatic lot, and require something sudden and critical to rouse us up. Captain Eric St. Arnoul finished his career as he would have wished. After a good hour of hard shooting, during which he sent the souls of many desperadoes before him to the happy hunting- gronnds, he received his own instant despatch with a bullet between the eyes. There was no ricochet for him. The ball passed clean through his head and left but few traces of its passage ; when found, he was smiling as peacefully as a child does some- time in his sleep. These untimely deaths, with the wounded on their hands, cast a shadow of gloom for a time for the festive party. However, by the time they reached Yokohama, the dead were forgotten, and most' of the wounded convalescent. Then they went once again happily and cheerfully upon their way. It was at Port Said that Sir Lewis received the letters which told him that the divorce had been carried successfully and without appeal through the oourt. He was now able to announce to his friends his engagement to the Duchess, and the services of the Bishop were at once requisitioned. Alexandria, being a more fashionable resort for English society people than Said, the wedding was decided to be performed there. .It was a satisfactory occasion for the dowagers, as well as for the Bishop, for three of the most eligible young convalescents had been nursed by their inantoratas up to the marrying point. They decided to be tied at the same time as Sir Lewis and the Duchess Valerie, and accompany them on their honeymoon. Honeymoons generally are, as they ought to be, engrossing times, when the matches are made by Dan Cupid, particularly during the growing half of the honeymoon. It is the waning that has to be provided for. There was no waning for the Duchess Valerie. She felt that she could never merge from the passionate lover into the tolerant matron. She was a being of thrilling nerve and wild intensity. Her lover was now her husband, and his kisses removed all memory of those past miseries, hatreds, and guilt. She had entered the house of sin and falsehood to win him; therefore, she could never regain her lost estate, but with love she could forget. In his arms she remembered her evil no more. - - _

He was an honourable gentleman; therefore, she had no fear for his fidelity. He would always he true to the vows he had taken at Alexandria—that she knew and felt satisfied about. Marriage is heaven to a wife who laves, so long as her soul has no room for doubt or jealousy. Jealous Valerie was, and over would be of his past, but it was a jealousy which made her the more eager to please him, which kept her affections more active. It was a jealousy that crushed and silenced the voice of conscience, and made her his devoted slave. But although so dotingly and passionately fond of this not over brilliant gentleman, she was woman of the world enough—young as she still was—to take care not to weary him with her fondness. 6ir Lewis. or as he was termed now, his Grace the Due di Idumea—for Valerie had her titles as well as her other possessions to bestow upon this favoured child of fortune—liked travelling, and he had no desire yet to return to England; therefore they went from place to place during the whole of that winter and well on to the next spring. Valerie had been permitted to take a deeper draught from the fountain of love than fall to the lot of ordinary humanity; yet still the fountain flowed on as lavishly as ever. 'Would it never cease. to flow ? _

"Never!" she vowed to herself, as she stooped to the rill and drank thirstily. "When love begins to ebb, or run lower, I shall go on the turn of the tide." She did not expect it to last for ever any more than she could expect her youth and loveliness to endure; but she resolved to end it herself long before that time. "I must always be young in his eyes; always beautiful, always his lover." She bad some years before her yet, however, she thought, and sufficient for the day was the pleasure to be compressed into it. So she loved, and was loved in the way her spirit craved for, all the time being prepared for the end. _ _ .

Their movements, of course, were chronicled in all the fashionable and halfpenny democratic papers. The upper and under classes both demand to know what the privileged ones of the earth are doing. In the month of March it was announced that they had talon un their abode in Ploreuot. .

To Florence tile messenger oi evil, 4cllonion Davies, was now opeeding as fast as trains cold take him.

Valerie was out driving with her husband when Solomon called, and sent in his card with his new name engraved upon it. He was superciliously told to call ag .in, but he belonged to those tribes which do not resent insults and never miss present opportunities. He had no time to waste on useless calls. He had brought with him from London the latest edition of one of the evening papers in which the death of Stephen Belwood was announced, also the arrest of Walter Gordon. Dark hints were given of some startling coming disclosures of scandal in high life, as the result of the financier's sudden death, and he wanted to be the first to warn the Duchess. Therefore, finding he could not get admittance to the villa, he sat down on the steps of the balcony and waited calmly.

• • I 0

Solomon Davies has been paid a handsomer price than he expected for his timely information, and while he is hurrying to the bank to get the open cheque cashed, the Duchess Valerie sits alone in her boudoir. Her moment for decision had arrived; but it was not love that was on the wane. It was the total destruction of love, respect, and every- thing she prized which had come upon her out of the blue. She knew her husband too well to think that he would condone her offences. He would loathe her for her cruelty as he would abhor him- self for his credulity. The end had come. How delicious those months had:been, but ah! how short they seemed now that they were over! "If I only had been allowed three days of warning!" she muttered. "Ali, how I have wasted this past week!" She had poison beside her—a swift-killing potion which would carry her out of life in an instant of time; but she had not bade adieu to her love. Could she dare wait and do so first?

She read the paragraph once more. The police evidently had been reticent as yet, and the probing reporter had just got a hint and no more. With Stephen Belwood dead and Walter Gordon in prison, she was able to read between the lines, with the key supplied to her by Davies; but would her husband yet? No! If he had only this information to guide him, she was safe until the next day's issue, at any rate. "I shall not do it yet," she exclaimed pas- sionately. "I shall wait till my darling returns, then I shall know by his face if he knows more than this report can tell him. 0 God of Heaven, give me but one more day and night of life and love and I ask no more."

It was an impious prayer, yet it was granted to her, as impious prayers sometimes are. From a secret drawer in her writing-desk she took a tiny box which contained only one large capsule. This box she placed in her purse, and then she went downstairs to wait and watch for her husband. She was now ready for him ;—and death. She had not long to wait, for her husband had seen the account of the financier's death, and hastened home at once to tell her about it. He had not read the other paragraphs. She knew it as soon as she saw him, and her heart throbbed with a fierce delight and gratitude. His face was slightly graver than usual, but the same trusting and eager light lay in his blue eyes. "I fear we shall have to go to England, Valerie," he said as he entered.

"Yes,, and why, Lewis ? " she asked as calmly as she could.

"1 have Frs, itow read about the death of Stephen Belwood from heart disease. He was found dead in his study two days ago, and expect, as director and partner in the Yukon Mines, 1 shall be wanted."

"Very well, dear, we will go to-morrow.. "Oh! divine joy! Ah, merciful God, she , inwardly cried, 'thanks for this blessed respite." Outwardly she said gleefully: "Our last day in sweet Italy. What shall we do with it, Lewis ? " "Oh, go for another long drive, and to the opera to-night, that's about the best thing we can do, unless you have other engagements." "No, I wish to be romantic to-day and to-night. I want you all to myself, sweet love. Our engage- ments—bah! Let us cancel them all, and pass to- day and to-night as lovers. Let us shut the gates against all visitors for the next twenty-four hours, and try to feel as if this was our last day together. Say, Lewis, what would you do if it was our last day together? " "Don't, Valerie. It gives me the blues to think of such things. It would be too—too awful for words or for realisation."

"But, supposing a prophet came and said: 'To- morrow, Valerie will be no more,' how would you propose to spend the day ? " She laughed lightly, yet she leaned against his breast and wafted her sweet breath into his face.

"If I thought it at all possible that We were to part to-morrow I should pass the intervening hours holding you to my heart." "Then let us pass our time that way," she answered. , "Let's stay within our walls, have our lunch in the arbour, and linger there until the nightingales begin to sing. It is full moon to- night. Let us go out to-night after dinner and watch the moon, and while you smoke your cigar and drink your brandy and Friedricksall, I shall play my lute and sing to you. as Juliet might have done had.she kept house with Romeo." There was something about Valerie when she played the siren, as she was doing now, that no man could possibly resist. Her programme was quickly decided upon. It was the first time since the wedding that Valerie had suggested, or appeared to suggest anything to him, therefore he yielded all the more readily. Ah rare Valerie, discreetest of rives. He had never moVed a step during the past six months without your artlessly artful suggestions.

The next morning they came down to breakfast together, lovers still. A pile of letters lay arranged at each plate. "Am I to he tyrant still for one hour longer, taro wzio " asked Valerie, with an affectation of stage majesty. "You know it wants one hour to complete the twenty-four of my empire ? " "Yes, what are your orders, Queen?" replied and asked Lewis, casting a hungry look upon his letters.

"That you wait until my hour of supremacy has sounded before you read a single letter unless it be from me."

"On one condition." "No conditions if you recognise our compact; yet let me hear what your condition is ? " "That you don't read yours either." "I promise you that Lewis, my slave for one more hour."

They sat down to breakfast. She was bright- eyed and beautiful, and he could not resist kissing her twice while she poured out the coffee. She laid down jaw coffee-pot each time and responded to his kisses with fervour.

After breakfast was over she stood over him and said tenderly, and, as he thought at the time, a little sadly: "One more kiss, darling, the last for this my twenty-four hours of empire, then I shall go and write you a little love-letter, which you must read before you open one of these on the table. Will you promise?" "Yes, Valerie, I can promise you that much, for lam now going to smoke a cigar on the terrace." He drew her into his arms and kissed her on the brow, the cheeks, and the mouth. For a long moment she lay against his heart, then she kissed him again and left him. She said nothing as she went out of the door, she merely looked back, smiling on him with that graceful pose that was her own, and which no other woman could imitate, and wafted him a farewell kiss.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

THE END. -RELIGHTED FIRES.

During the weeks when Hope was fighting fot her infant's life, he read no papers, consequently she had no knowledge of what excited the attention of the world for a few days, and which was of c much personal interest to her. The suicide of the Duchess Valerie was the biggest sensatiOn. After that, the publication of those incriminating instructions, which she had at different times sent to Stephen Belwood. The Duchess, like most of her sex, did not pause to consider when she had a pen in her white hand and a sheet of paper before .her. Stephen Belwood had kept those letters all in order, not for the publicity which had come to them, but merely as a hold over his fair employer _

Walter Gordon rem'aried to his solicitor: "It is just like my luck to be arrested for a trifle like this, while these letters were on me."

A's for this trifle, which had been the giving of a bogus cheque in payment of a small account on the eve of his departure from England, he might have squared that. But the letters caused an explosion, and sent Walter Gordon and the pawnbroker's assistant, who had committed perjury, on a five years' term of penal servitude. Pretty, romantic, Mrs. Algernon Churchill Champion. manazed to escape with two years for

Nir part or toe conspiracy. lie swore that her husband knew nothing about it, and the jury had to believe her. Mr. Champion felt grateful to his little wife for screening him. He knew, of cottrt. that her motive was not entirely clovution, but nO matter, it saved his nlnie and credit in the City. Hope in that quiet village, and confined to the sick chamber, had no means of learning how her name had once more been dragged into the court and cleared. At this time, even that tardy justice would not have moved her much.

Not so much as did the verdict of the doctor, when he gave her the blessed assurance that her baby was out of danger. He had fluctuated between life and death, so close at times to the fatal line that she could hardly believe in the.good tidings. It took weeks, however, even after this, before Lewis John could be removed to allow that sick room to be disinfected. When Hope could find time to read a newspaper the death of Valerie was, forgotten. Walter Gordon had done the first month of his time, and was congratulating himself that perjury and fraud were the only charges against him. Murder might have been easily added. It was, indeed, a fortunate matter for him that a night had passed before the body of Stephen Bel wood was discovered. Fortunate, also, that the doctor knew the condition of his heart and his drug-taking habits, and therefore regarded it as & natural death. He had one anxiety now to trouble him in this retreat—his cheque. He had not signed it, and it was kept with his other effects by the authorities until his sentence had expired. Would he be able to get it cashed then after five years? It all depended upon what money was in the bank by that time in the late Mr. Stephen Belwood's name. This was a corroding care to. this undiscovered murderer. Another dark medita- tion kept him in a constant fury, and that was the escape of Mr. Solomon Davies. He knew that Solomon must have seen the Duchess before her death. It maddened him to think about the rewards she must have given Solomon for his warn- ing and that theywere at large while he was shut up.° True, he had given Solomon the message to go; but that was before his conviction, it had not entered his mind that the Duchess would poison herself about such a trifle. He expected her to take a trip somewhere, and use her influence in his behalf. Walter Gordon could not understand people with title and wealth taking their lives. The uncertainty about his cheque, and the whereabouts of the Davieses gnawed at his vitals constantly. One warm forenoon, about the latter half of May, Hope sat with her baby boy in the porch taking the sun. Lewis John was entirely better now, but he was not quite so rosy as ho had been before his illness. His colour was coming back, but it was coming slowly. All at once a shadow fell on the baby's face, and glancing up, Hope saw the man who had been her husband. His eyes were fixpd on the child, so that he gave her time to recover herself. How glad she felt now that she had kept up her disguise. Re would consider her only as a servant, for doubtless he had come to see hie child.

How changed he was, from the light-hearted, reckless and improvident husband who had parted from her at Cherbourg! Was it two or twenty-two years ago? she wondered, as she watched hii. furtively, waiting for him to speak. fie was grey-faced, and his light hair seemed to have become withered; in his fair moustache also were a. number of silver hairs. A deep and frown— ing furrow lay between his eyebrows; but it was his mouth and his eyes that appalled that watcher. The mouth was grim, and the eyes were coldly stern. He appeared like a man who had parte& with his yoP•th and all its aspiration and dreams. He was as one disillusionised.

AI last he spoke without looking at the mother: "What is the name of this child ? " • Stern, abrupt, and gloomy were the ton. He used to be polite and gentle to his inferiors. He seemed to have lost that quality now. "Lewis John Eastlake, answered Hope, faintly. He started, and looked keenly at her. She had not been able to disguise her voice nor her eyes. She knew in an instant that he had recognised her before even he said: "Hope—and here ? " _ _

"Where should a mother be, if not beside her ailing child 2" she asked steadily, as she rose and ushered him into the parlour. Mrs. Hambly had joined them, hearing the voices, and Hope gave the baby to her to hold.

"Kindly excUse-me for a few moments, Sir Lewis Eastlake; I shall join you presently." He bent his head, and she retired, to get rid et that hateful disguise. Whatever the consequences were to be, she resolved to have no more conceal- ments. She would appca,l to his generosity, .and try to be permitted to keep her (kid. That was her one thought now—to be allowed to keep her baby; yet she felt a great pity for thus. miserable man whom she had once loved so dearly. While she was making her toilet, Sir Lewis East- lake sat with his head resting on his hands and his eyes fixed on the floor. One image was in his brain only, and there it stood perpetually before him—the image of the Duchess as she had parted with him at the door of the breakfast-room at Florence.

Hope soon appeared as he had known her, only with her hair somewhat shorter. He knew the cause of those shortened tresses, as he looked at her with tender pity, as she had thought about him. She learnt front his lips- all that the papers might have told her had she seen them, and a warm glow crept into her heart at the thought of hee innocence and purity being established. Her boy would not have to blush for his mother—that was good. She thanked God that this goodness had been given to her; it wiped away all her sufferings. "I have sought you everywhere, Hope, since the death of—Valerie, he said.

"You knew where to find your child, though, did you not, Lewis ? " she asked gently. "Yes; but I wished to find you first." "Then you ought to have come here, without searching further," she answered calmly. "We must be married again, •Hoe—for the sake of the child. Will you take me? " "Yes, Lewis, I must—for the sake of the child,' she replied gently. So the bargain was made between the pair, who had once lighted their fires together from the torch of Eros.

Four weeks afterwards Hope stood beside her former husband at the altar, and they were re- united with much pomp and ceremony. _ _ _ _

As the bride toOk her vows, she -seemed to see her baby boy stretching ont his arms and blessing her. As the bridegroom took his, in front of his vision floated the dead Valerie, as she had last said farewell, just before that awful discovery which had blanched his hair and seared his soul.

Hope, who, had been Lady Eastlake before, was' now a Duchess—by the gift of her dead rival. Her baby, by the same gift, was a Marquis; baby Marquis, with a big work cut out for him— the uniting of two severed hearts, and the exorcising. of the beautiful phantom which stood at present between them.

The phantom which now refused to be banished' from each memory; the phantom which only thsb. child wizard would be able to exorcise in time, perhaps, and bring joy and rest to those two un. happy and haunted spirits. Would Valerie ever die and drift away? Truly; as yet. he had not been baulked even by death of her Avenge.

[Tam Fan.]

===== 0002601_18991027_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rmwEN

===== 0002601_18991027_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
T'NME'%,iNiNI MMa'kfihMMlENM4Z:‘,T'k<M47

FEL/AT

I

0

I Ban - - ~_ Midland- Ba,

are unquestlonablytheßest Value ever offered in the Costume World. Promptly Bent by Parcel Post (safely packed) Direct from The Originators and Actual Manufacturers, Brook St. Mills, Manchester.

Famous Fabrics in which tic, made.

'NED 19HN NOBLE CHEV. .Out weather-resume; -4 POPULAR ;OHM NOW ATM. a eiota of lightel ,00ther surface.

MIRION YARDS are soh triking proof of popularity. LENGTH of either doll de for 7/6.Carriage,Bd.

,oct to—

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

WARRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

POINTS. FOR AOST Sept. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h... 8 10 36—Stockport b l5 0 23—Rochdale Hornets a 6 7 30—Widne3 h 6 5 Oct. 7—Wigan a 14 —Millom h ll 0 21—Salford a 21— CUMBERLAND V LANCASHIRE a LI7 C 28—Tyldesley h Nov. 4—Stockport a 4—LANCASHINE V YORKSHIRE a

Re cn 1.4.

11—Broughton Rangers h 18-01dbam a 25—Open Dec. 2—L- igh a 2—LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE h 9—Open 16—Wigan 11 23—St Helens h .. 26—(Boxing Day) Runcorn a 30—Swinton a Jan. 6—Tyld‘Aev 13—Swinton h 20—Sraord Ii 27—Runcorn h Feb. 3—Broughton Rangers a 10—Oldham is 17—Widnes a 24—Rochdale Hornets h March 3 -Millom a 11—Open 17— Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April —Open

;N,,,111 n' -. 1 ~4-‘i.o.r' ,„ .:„‘i.,' ,:i..,-, sketch ' .. '•%.% •••, ^. eati Car 4a. 1, extra. 11% i•,.k.,,j,,,r. \ 1-;',"s!. I ) )4. // 0 0 •:,ecitiir. irs \ \\ ~,s':. ‘, c”); ';‘,..,..., c p as are ,\ --q, nfitle::::lENnw, ss\ '‘' 0 lOT SEROE, a sto fabric,anct(ll lthe CO.STUBIE COATI - I r ,)/ 4. /, A 0., / . ,A, r weight and am 14 ak nuany.a it A ULL ORE ..111k cliip r SS. . ld Y• _fir / ' ',‘ .s.•;. • •••,,./ . "7, „,7(, , ~,,,,,, (.6 Yyare'nsg2t hnesiijairl)3 Pe ~•\‘\N\ J., usto In r yar ,'.::;.ii••••': 1 I.fi ~::•••,,*•',..,', 7 4k Afif'" , .1 MOURNING ORDERS sent :', ••:'i..••• f -.....*;f0 ;,....' !he, \, 'k ' if•:.!,'//,. off in 12 hours. , ...::::, t, ~ '.:;.fga '','; .:••''.../..e, ?..:;::'.N .‘,/;::'',....',.:.:..,,,...A.K,\'-\:‘\‘‘\ I,‘, ~..;:'.::1,..."'%:::, c.Bl4Tppli.,EwiWthliflpTu!,RatiC.A.TA.fLUstU.Ees, .'c‘ :.;:,1::1,/ . :•f•6'i ../ ,\\ 4,•,\,, , \ ~,,../4-.,,,,,,,"; priaetntec etc . iLnoownerewady.wAteopy 7 ill . I ••ks,„: \,, \ k '',. . D ttr to y rlO II PS for rt. '',:i'y ji`‘ '' \ V'• • CAP. as sketch.l/-• aril— ",.7"1ii76 7',/... ;:•.;' \ Postage, 2d. ,• ‘‘.'(' V .i.• \ \ `.\\'' THE JOHN NOBLE \ \ \ / . • \ \ \\ , \\,N,, KNOCKABOUT FROCKS ;,,w' • ,-% ' , \ . ; \• \,,, -• are just the thing_for ,/,/,•, j,, ' , /.4..;•'. / / h \`• ' `. '} ‘. growing girls. Pro- ~;\ i: iii I' ' ' .X.' / , 4 • Arieed in the 1 CHI Is ' 01\,' .` , , ' /1011trIKEYIDT Site ,o, ,Mf ' I . . Model 1352. .TCQSTUNIE COATING, ii ,' II ti rConsists of Costume Skirt and Sty- the lengths (from top --• 11,, Model 1323. Bah Bodice The frills extend over of neckband to edge of 1110 \ ,iii 41,; .., Consists of Costume Skirt. with shoulder and down to waist in front, skirt in front) and .' i' \ new Inverted pleats, and a tailor-cut and are with box-pleat and collar, prices are : , , ' 11 r well - made Coat with double - effect • trimmed a narrow fancy braid. The 21 24 27 30 3.'1 effect is charming. Price 10/6. Carriage, 1/6 2/- 2/6 _3/- 3/6 breasted fronts, and tight -fitting 6d. extra. Skirt alone. 5'6. Car. 5,1 ex. 36 39 42 45 , back. May be had with sacgue back 4/- 4i6 if desired at the same price, 10/6. ker. s London City and Postage, 4d. extra 41 - Carriage, 6d, extra. Skirt alone, 5/6. ._. -.--...771 ok, Ltd. each size. ..... •-_,Tr_.-• Carriage, Id. extra. Please mention this paper when orderlng, and send Mr ; STREET MI , NO BLE9 LTD BROOK°9MANCHESTER. tram:web-

10/6

===== 0002601_18991027_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT."

There seems no longer any doubt that the German Emperor is to pay a visit to this country. As at present announced he is to arrive at Windsor Castle on Novem- ber 20th, where he will stay for several days as the guest of the Queen. It is several years since his Imperial Majesty wag last over here, and since then he has dis- tinctly progressed in the estimation of the world. This is certainly the general view in this country, quite apart from the tact that we have long since forgotten the Kaiser's interference in a matter of politics in a quarter which is just now the cynosure of public interest. The Vienna papers confirm the announcement that the widowed Crown Princess Stephanie is to be marriect in London on November 22nd to Count Ellemer Lonyay. The Count is the nephew of the late Hungarian Prime Minister, and has been some years in the Austrian diplo- matic service. It was while he was secretary of the Austro-Hungarian Embassy in London, that the acquain- tance with the Princess began ; he attending her during her stay in this country three years ago. The Crown Princess is of course still young, being only thirty six and Count Lonvay is two years older. It is obviously a love match, but though the marriage, which is to take place at the Austro-Hungarian Embassy is a misalliance, it is understood that the aged Emperor has given his consent, on condition that the Princess Stephanie resigns all the rights and privileges which she acquired as the wife of the heir apparent. The Princess will cease to be a member ot the Imperial [lase, or of Imperial rank, and she also gives up the greater Dart of her iecome,hor allewence in future being £8,300 a year instead of £33,000. Loneen still keeps full, and dances and dinners are in full swing. But these gaieties are not ail as real as they appear on the surface and despite society's rule that one must wear a smiling face even if one's heart is breaking; anxiety is plainly written on many ot the faces one sees just now. The next news may be " another great slaughter," and a loved one's name may be found on the lists of the wounded--or dead. Still anything is better Ithan sitting brooding, waiting for news, and so all sorts of entertainments are being gut op, and attended,by the anxious ones, who long for the days and nights to pass, and yet dread each batch of news as it comes to band. The weather too has not been good to us. One looks of course for fogs in November but in October one hopes for better things. 01 late however, it has been damp and deprersing to a degree, and the incessant fogs and mists, calculated indeed to try the strongest amerg us. What to wear has been a problem difficult to solve. Furs have proved too warm ,autumn coats and capes scarcely cosy enough, while early autumn wraps have had to be passed by altogether. Skirts are now much has scanty about the hipe,which is an item to be teankful for. It will soon be possible to sit down quite cemfortably and without fear of dis- aster—in the shape of splitting seams. Dress sleeves are still as small as they well can be. Soon will came reaction in this quarter also, when we shall, in all probability once more wend our steps in the direction of the balloon variety. Coat sleeves are all being built with a dart or two at the top, to lift them slightly out- wards. The newest tailor made skirts are built with the front breadth only lined. All fabrics just now are fairly 'thick and heavy, and as silk slips are worn any further lining is considered unnecessary. Of course the cloth or tweed hangs and clings better, which is an all important item at thesmement. A story which reads rather like a fairy tale, but which seems to be authenticated comes from a suburb of Lon- don where aMr Collins recently purchased a parcel of books at an auction, and among them an old family Bible. Mrs. Collins fcund several of the pages pasted together, and of course, wanted to separate them. This having been done. six £5 notes were discovered, with a letter dated 1840, stating that the owner of the notes, having no heir, desired to leave them to the person who might own the Bible. Possibly the incident may result in an increased de- mand for old family Bibles, but however that may be, the story remind us of an expedient to which Napoleon I is said to have resorted in ccnsequence of the reluctance of the public to accept five franc pieces. The Emperor gave it to be understood that he had ordered a cheque for £4,000 to be concealed in one of these Coins, and it its stated that thereafter there was a great demand for them, thcusands being split in two in the hope of find- ing the cheque. But nobody succeeded in discovering it,and perhaps there was a very good reason why failure attended the various e,says in that direction. There is cue fact which goes very far to explain the ravings of a section of the French press with respect to this country. Whenever there are Mf mbers of a pro- fession engaged in a struggle for sixpences. one finds a low standard of honour, and an equally low standard of lefficiency, but in France there must be many news- papers which are engaged in a struggle for sous. Paris alene has ne fewer than 2,685 joernals, of which 152 are published daily, and in the departments there are 4,000 more, of which 355 are daily. In Louden, with a much larger population, there are 460 newspapers, of which about 30 are dailies. Even this number is too many with the ever increasing tendency to resort to pure sensationalism. The war news of coarse offers a fine opening, and before hostilities were commenced, there had teen no lack of "groat battles." But they were mostly on paper, and the void was filled by those e ten- to:eau hawkers who make night hideous in the streets of the Metropolis. Every householder who has a sliding gaselier is au are of the fact that when the water in the tube falls suffi- ciently low, by evaporation, the gas will escape into the room. As a rule, people have no regular tiese to attend to these matters, they generally wait for the bubbling noise, which the escaping gas usually causes, before putting in fresh water. The need for this constant attention can be obviated, as cue of the medical papers reminds its readers,by the addition of a little thick oil— such as linseed which floating on the top of the water, will prevent its evaporation. The same journal sitters a warning against sleeping in bedrooms situated over sitting rooms, the air of which is vitiated by gas jets and other gases. These it is said, find their way tin ouch the thin porous ceilings and effect the air in the sleeping apartment above. The remedy it le added, is to have the bAroonss on tbe ground floor, but the evil—if it is anything more than a theoretical evil—can be sufficiently well dealt with by the less revolutionary methods of attending to the proper ventilation of rooms throughout the house.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18991027_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. P%R GIST Sept: 241Wigan a 6—Swinton h 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnes h 5 0 23—Oldham a 3 2

25—Ty1des1ey a l3 2 Oct. 7—Tyldesley h 2l 0 14—Stockport a 0 8 21—Dub h l6 0 28—Cheshire v Yorkshire a • Nov. 4 llom h 18- 25—Salford h Dec. 2 -Cheshire v Lancashire a 9-lioehdrae Hornets a 16— Stockport h

23—Mi!1om a 26—Wsrrington h 30—Leigh a Jan. I—Brougaton Bangers a 6- 13—Rochdale Hornets h 20—Swinton h 27—Warrington a Feb. 3—Wigan h 10—Salford a.. 17—St. Helens h 24—St. Helens a Mar. 3—Widnes a 10—Oldham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 3.l—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 16- 21- 28—Cup Tie

===== 0002601_18991027_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX lURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOR AG'Bl` Sept 2.—Minom h 20...... 9.—St Helens a 16.—Reincorn a 23. —Broughton Rangers h ll 0 30.—Warrinf. ton a Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 21.—Wigan a 24.—St Helens h Nov 4.- 11.—Tyldesley a 18.—Millom a Tyldesley h Dec 2. _ 9.—Leigh a

16.—Salford 23,—Ilochdale Hornets a 50.—Stockport a Jan I. S winton a 6.- 13.—01 d ham a 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—Wigan h Feb 3.—Salford h 10.—Rochdale Hornets a 17.—Warrington h 24.—Stoch port h Mar 3.—Runeorn h 10.—Le1gh h . 17.—Cup Tie

===== 0002601_18991027_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POINTS FOR AGST Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Widnea h 0 3 16—Swinton h

23—LancastPr home..

30—Broukhton Rangers a Oct. 7—Rochdale llornetr a 0 7 14—WIgan h 21—Stockport h 28—Widnes a Nov. 4—Wigan a 11 -Salford h 18—XyldesIey h 25—Stockport a Dec. 9 —Oldham 23—Warrington a

25—Broughion Rang.rs,li 26—Millom h 30—Tyldesley a Jan. I—Leigh h 6—Swinton a 13—Millom a 20—Rochd.le Hornets, h Feb. 3—Leigh a 17—Rumorn, a 24—Runcorn h Mar. 3—Oldham a 10—SP.1ford a 17—Cup tie (first round)

SATURDAY'S MATCHES. Warrington v. Tyldesley. Widnes v. St. Helene. Broughton Rangers v. Wigan. ?dillom v. Swinton. Oldham v. Salford. Rochdale Hornets v. Leigh. The matches will be played on the ground of the first sawed clubs.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
JOIN

POLYPHON.

'HIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL NSTRUmENT will PLAY by IT- -ILF—Clockwork—thousanci: of les. You can choose your own es. rEISIIA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. 'rices from 12s. 6d. to £25 ARCHER & SONS, It. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPO 014.

THE. TE ,7.---,--,z,,-;-, IN, \',, 'T•nrit24l4 ~ ' Tun, ''.16.4.,•'•:.L.,......."1;:!:_-1:,%1 tSuEne, GY ~'"=st-.1:,••=-.4,3_,.----- --, tl':' . Pi „.-, ......,:"•\< ..,„5::?, .1 .t ~ , • , , 7 • .. • • . • •-- .- ',,,,--, +.; • -:-'- • '-•,,,,,,.., 4," ~,. 5, st ~, -

===== 0002601_18991027_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PATTERNS

'OST FREE

ir4l7 New. g YOU "wO. k -r, - 4. F To „7,, „ITT WELL A,,,,n ~ 4,.. TAKE

WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE.

THE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases,, inflammation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheumatism & Gout.

"WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT' DISEASE."—PROF. D. R. A. GUNN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."--REv. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years."— MAJOR McMuEnAy, Armagh. "WARNER'S SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SquIRRELL, Rugby.

Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by 0" "' :.is and Dealer*.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
PATTON 'S WALL PAPER () LE AN ER

PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL iPAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. EAST OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL _RENOVATE A LARGE

ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR Is. 6". CARRIAGR PAID.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each.' Wholesale by 1., GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

===== 0002601_18991027_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
, r WHIT El. White to move and win. The above position occurred at the end of a "Cross" game played at the Cairo-street, Club on Monday last, aid is a typical example of the necessity of occasionally throwing' a piece in order to win.

SOLVERS LIST. Previous Problem TI. score. No 54. Pte. W Rigby, Warrington 74 2 76 W Hewitt, Warrington ..... .....- 74 2 76 E Donaghy, Padgate II Powell, W arrington 66 2 68 T P Forbss, Warrington 6O 2 62 E Ogden, Warrington 6O 2 ( 2 G Rowe, Warrington T Rickers, W arrington W Mass.ey,Warrington .-.. W Darlington, Penketh . 52 2 54 J J Foden,Warrington .....---- 50 2 52 J Evans,Warrington ..- . 48 2 50 J Green,Warrington --- 46 2 48 A Rutter, Warrington A Banner, Warrington ..... .....- 42 2 44 "B J F" Warrington ..- 40 2 42 "U P,"Warrington S Albinson, Stockton Heath.-- 30 30 F Wright,Warrington W E Kean.Warrington S Tavlin, Warrington—........-- 14 2 16 G Lowe, Warrington J Lee, Warrington ....-....- J R Grieve, W arrington ..... .....- 2 2 J Ross, Penketb — 2 R Mercer, Padgate ••• J. J. Wright, Warrington. - 2 2 F Frangleton, Warrington . —• 2 2

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this comp3tition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 53. instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we may state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if he chooses commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual eolution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction.

—•— Intending competitors may commence at any time.

NEWS OF THE GAME. The second annual meeting of the English Draughts Association is to be held to-day (Satur- day), at the Sultan Cafe, Cheapside, London, at six p.m. The business to be transacted, besides the election of officers, is of much importance, as several new rules have been proposed. Of these perhaps the most important is that bearing upon the time limit,whish at present is five minutes per move, The motion to amend this stands in the name of Mr. E. L. Benson,the London international, who proposes to substitute 20 moves per hour. For many years this change has been advocated, but only in the case of a New York club has it been put into practice. How far it may be acceptable to the players likely to compete in the next English tournament we are unable to say, and,after all,they are. most concerned. Theoretically, the rule is an excellent one, and if adopted may be expected to raise the standard of cross-board play. Like every- thing elseit is open to abuse, but on the whole its , advantages should outweigh its drawbacks.- -The president, Mr. Dunne, proposes to change the system of playing the heats in the championship tournament. As the rule stands, six games are to be balloted from " Robertson's Guide." Mr. Dunne suggests instead four unrestricted games, and a ballot for the other two from the openings in "Robertson's Guide." The tendency at present is towards restriction. The existing rule worked well in the Liverpool tournament in keeping the heats within reasonable limit. Time is a great con- sideration in these tournaments—alike for the players and the officials.—A new rule, proposed by ' Mr. A: Hynd, of Manchester, is likely to meet with some opposition. It prohibits all members of the association from publishing a game, or pert of a game, without proper sanction, under the penalty of expulsion. So drastic a rule is surely not required to atop the one or two pressmen who, wittingly or otherwise, have transgressed in this respect. It is a moot point whether games played in public, and a charge made for admission, can be made copy- right, Mr. Hynd's rule aims only at members, and leaves ordinary spectators alone.—" Liverpool Mercury." DEATH Or LEES, THE ANALYST.—We regret to announce the death of Mr. James Lees, the world- famous analyst. He had been ailing for several month, but latterly hopes were entertained of his speedy recovery. Unfortunately he had a relapse, and passed peacefully away on Thursday morning at his mother's residence at Dalmellington. He was 38 years of age, and had devoted the greater part of his short life to the study of the game of draugbts. His "Guide " to the pastime is a most pcpular work. He was thoroughly posted up on all the games, and had amassed an astonishing amount of play, the most of which would no doubt have seen the light within the next few years had he lived. For the last four or five years he acted as the games editor of "The Draughts World" and "The Draughts Quarterly," a couple of admirable publications. His work for these periodicals was characterised by great accuracy and conscientiousness. Notwithstand- ing his indifferent health he fulfilled his duties al- most up till the day of his death. Mr. Lees was a highly intelligent man and well read in general literature. His death is a great loss to the world of draughts.—" Glasgow Herald."

The small diagram will enable our readers to understand the notation by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black ccuples the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus 11-15 Indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so numbered. Black has the opening move and the rairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

CADFURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure, being entirely fre from kola, malt, boos, alkali, or any foreign admixtur elution I The publie should insist on having CA.PBURr —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are of te übstituted for the rake of extra profit .—Advt. (4).

;.' .444 Fl 1::•1 I 'l7 C1P2,,, 111' r° EV:41:14

===== 0002601_18991027_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
rfiE EXAMINER FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899. THE FREE CHURCHES.

milted designs. They appointed, on the nom;natioh of the President of the Royal Institute of British archi- tects, Mr. Bennett, the president of the Lancashire Society of Architects, the assessor to adjudicate on the design, and he awarded the prizes to the designs marked respectively " K," " B," " When the eelled enve- lopes containing the names of the competitors were it was found that the first priz had been awarthd to Mr. Burns Dick, Nowea:tle-on-Tyne. whose designs received the unanimous approval of the Corpora- tion, and he was apoointred the architect to carry out the work. The p'ans u ere sent to the Home Offile for the approval of tee Secretary of State on the 22nd October, 1898, an,: the Corp nation could not therefore be charged with losing much time in pushing on with the erection of the new buildings. Power was ohrlined in ths Bill of last Session to borrow the sum of £25,000 for the purchase of land and the erection of buildiegs, and there was every reason to believe from the careful way in which the plans and quantities had been pre- pared. that that sum would not be exceeded. He might say that the Mayor had taken a very great interest in the new police premises, and he had, therefore, in the name of the Watch Committee and on behalf of the Cor- poration, very great pleasure in asking him to lay the foundation stone. (Applauie). The Mayoress then received from Alderman Satton a sealed glass vessel containing signed copies of the local newspapers, several coins of the realm, and a copy of the Corporation Year Book for 1899. Very gently she lowered this interesting article into the cavity prepared for it in the centre of the brickwork in which the foun- dation stone was to rsst.

Mr. R. BURNS Dica then presented a trowel and level to the Mayor, and in doing so said be was very pleased to be in a position to undertake toe necessary prelude to the important function at which his Worship was to officiate. It was a very propitious duty, inesenueh as the Mayor had been identified with the whole of the work in connection with the new polite buildings. In the name of his partivr and himself he had the greatest pleasure is askine his Worship's acceptsnce of the trowel and level. (Applause,) The design of the tro reel is Coriethian, the handle being of solid ivery voluted with a beedel band round the centre of the same. T3O acanthus leaf ie used as a decoration, being surmounted by an iecised design of a diamond shape. Tne blade of the trowel is of solid silver, and is engraved with a fisreated design round the edge, and in the centre bears the following inscription:— Presented to Alderman J E Wright, J.P., Mayor of Warrington, on the occasion of his laying the founda- tion stone in connection with the new police marts and buildings, October 24th, 1899 " The level., of solid ivory, having a silver surface, bears the follow- ing ioscription :—" John Edward Wright, J.P., Mayor, 1899." The trowel and level are enclosed in a morocco and royal hlue velvet case, which bears on the outside embossed in gold, the borough arms and the following : —" Alderaaan John Elwerd Wright, J.P., Mayor, 1897-8-9." They are the gift of Mr. R. Burns Dick, the architect.

Mr. DAVIINPORT. as the builder of the premisereand on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone, said he had great pleasure in presenting his Worship with the mallet and square, whieh, when properle applied,wauld prove that the stone was" well and truly laid." The mallet is a beautiful piece et ivory, the stern and head beisig clawed out of one piece, the grime treatment of design being carried cut as on the hanole of the trowel. On the base of the head is a silver plate, cover- ing the whole surface, and bearing the following in- scription :—" Presented to Aldermen J E Wright, J.P., Mayor of Warrington, on the occasion of his laying the first stone in coneetrion with the new police courts and buildiegs, Octorser 24th, 1889." The square is of ivory and silver, bearing the following inscription to match the level :—" John El ward Wright, J.P., Mayor, 1899" The mallet and square, which are also enclosed in a similar case, are the gift of the builder. The whole of the articles, which are of most unique workmanship, have b.esn supplied by Mr Alfred Welen, silversmith, of Sankey-street. They are to be shortly on view in his Corporation-street shop window. Tne stone, which is of Irish granite specially quarried for the purpose, was then quietly lowered to its per- manent pl ice, and the M avor, after going threegh the form of testing it with the instruments presented to him, announced: " I hereby declare this stare to be well and truly laid." (Applause.) On the face of the stone in bold black lettering, is inscribed. "John Edward Wright, J.P., Mayor, 1899. R. Burns Dick, Architect," At the request of Alderman Sutton, Alder- man Roberts proposed a hearty v,)te of thanks to the Mayor and Mayoress for the part they had taken in tbat important function, In re- gard to the Mayoress, he would only say this, that by her grace and charm of manner, she had endeared herself to the whole community, and that when her offi- cial duties had ceased she would carry into her retire- ment the grateful thanks of the people of Warrington. (Hear, hear, and applause.) In regard to the Mayor, he should like to say that his second year of office had been a most importeat one, as they had obtained one of the most ittspertant Acts of Parliament which Warrington had been blessed with—those of them who were ac- vaieted with the details or the Bill beliereal that the future of Warriagton woeld he vastly improved by it, because of its powers and possibilities, and no member of the Corporation had worked harder in connection with it than Alderman Wright bad done. (Hear, hear.) They owed a great deal of the valuable provieinns in tile Bill to the energy and devotion to duty of the Mayor. and on that ay.:sent, as well as to the attention he had paid to the general lousiness of the Corperation their thanks were greatly dee to him. He had greet pleasure in moving that a hearty vote of thanks be given to the Mayor and Mayoress for the part they had taken in that day's function. (Applause.) Alderman FRANCOMB seconded. It had been, he said a very great pleasure to him as an old and intimate friend of the Mayor, to b there to take part in the pro- ceedings. He was sure that the Mayor and Mayorese had during the past two years done all they could to further the interests of Warrington. He hoped they would live to see the building completed. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was heartily agreed to. The MAYO% in reply, said it was impossible for him to say all he would like to have said on this occasion as his heart was toe full for utterance. He did not expect that such an honour would have been conferred upon him. He was extremely obliged to the architect and t 4 the builder for their beautiful presents. He was satis- fied that both were men in whom they could place the fullest confidence. Alderman Sutton had given so many details as to what they had done in the past that there was nothing left for him to add, but he should like to say, that he hoped and prayed that the btfldin would be erected without serious injury to the workmen or loss of life. (Hear. hear.) Ho took it as the greatest com- pliment he had ever received in his life that he should have been asked to lay the foundation stone that after- noon. (Hear, hear and applause.) Alderman SUTTON hoped they would all meet again to view those premises whealthey were fiuishei, hut that none of them may be required by the receipt of a piece of blue paper to atteni before the magistrates. (Laugh- ter.) The proteedings at the site th,n terminerei and the party adjourned for luncheon at the Town Hall.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THY ILLNESS OF THE REV. W. J. WOODS, B.A.

The Uv. W. J. Woods, 8.A., the Secretary of the Congregational Union, will have the sym- pathy of many friends in all parts of the country in his continued illness. Mr. Woods was very poorly during his recent stay on the other side of the Atlantic. and has come home in a serious condition of health. The November Free Church Chrom'cle states that his doctor has perepnp- torily ordered him to keep away from his office at the Memorial Hall, London, for the next three months. We trust that a long period of repose will restore Mr. Woods to his usual health. His geniality, wisthnn, and ahility have been very valuable to the Congregational body. THE CHURCH CONGE,ESS AND NONCONFORMITY.

The discussion at the Congress en the rela- tions between the Anglican Church and the Nonconformists has attracted great attention from the latter. The tone of the speakers was as friendly as could be desired. Dr. Henry Waco, formerly Principal of King's College, re- minded i‘rethren that in England certainly one-third—and probably one-half—of profess- ing Christians repudiated the Anglican Church. in the "Free Church handbook." to which Dr. Waco made repeated reference, the rela- tive statistics are fully set forth. Taking in the whole English-speaking world, Dr. Wace found something less than three and a-half millions of Anglican communicants, as com- pared with considerably more than seventeen million Free Church members. Nonconformists are certainly not disposed to boast of their strength. They know too well that it is not great enough for the work they are called on to do. But they feel that their numerical preponderance over the whole world entitles them to the respect and consideration of their Anglicrrn friends. They do not believe in a national establishment of religion, and they can make no truce with sacerdotalism, but, barring these restrictions, they desire to co- operate with their brethren of the establish- ment in the evangelisation of England.

THE MISSIONERS OF THE NATIONAL FEE'

CHURCH COUNCIL.

We hear that " Gipsy " Smith and, Mr. IV. R. Lane, the missioners of the National Free Church Council, continue their work with great success. It may not be generally known that Mr. Lane was formerly in the Grenadier Guards. With regard to the former, Bromsgrove and Burton-on-Trent have been the scenes of his most recent lectures. Mr. Smith is a true natural orator. He describes his message as "New Testament Religion in earnest. He eschews the sensational, and studies to be quiet. He avoids anything that approaches vulgarism, and there is no striving after effect. "The Story of Gipsy Smith's Career," a penny brochure, has just been published by Mr. Thomas Law, of the Memorial Hall, London. There are some rather good stories in the booklet. For in- stance:

===== 0002601_18991027_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A FORTNIGHT'S NOTICE TO THE DEVIL.

The Gipsy has had many strange dealings with men. There was a case, at once sad and comical, at Chatham. A poor ignorant man— very ignorant—attended the services regularly for weeks. (The Gipsy was connected at the time with the Salvation Army, or as it was then called, "The Christian Mission.") One night, as he was turning out, he said to the Gipsy, "I am fifty years of age, and I've served the devil all the time. But I'm giving him a fort- night's notice." The Gipsy reasoned with him, and urged immediate decision. "Oh, no," said the poor man, "I would not like to be treated like that myself. lam going to do to others as I would like to be done by. But I've given the devil a fortnight's notice." When a week had passed, as the poor tellow was again passing out of the hall, he held up one finger to signify that the devil had just one week longer Jf him. When the notice had expired, the devil was dismissed, and the man who had been in his service for fifty years entered a service which be liked much better, and which he has never left. He became a true and humble dis- ciple of another Master."

THE RAILWAY COMPANIES AND ELEMENTARY

EDIGTATION.

The November Free Church Chronicle, of which we have seen an early copy, contains a brief lalt important article on this subject. It appears that in one very populous district of .Pcter borough the only elementary schools are the schools built by the Great Northern Rail- wv Company. Recently the Company granted a lease of the schools to the vicar of the parish on the condition that they should he conducted as the Church Schools of the parish. Now, the General Committee of the National Free Church Council (of which the Free Church Chronicle is the official organ) consider that this constitutes a grievance to Nonconformists. There are many sturdy Non- conformists among the shareholders of the Company, and it is certain that if they knew of this they would oppose it. The shareholders include men of all creeds, and if the Company chooses to let its schools pass out of its hands, it is felt that they ought to pass under popular control. The Chronicle has many other inte- resting features, including a character sketch of Dr. Barrett, of Norwich; an article on "Th. Next Step in Temperance Reform," by the Rev. C. F. Aked, the well-known Baptist minister of Liverpool; a sketch of the Mayor of Hull, who is a Free Churchman and a local.preacher ; and a large supply of fresh, interesting paragraphs about the Free Church Councils and Free Church life generally.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION AT BRISTOL.

The meetings were a decided success. The number of delegates was the largest on record, no fewer than 1300 being accommodated. The Rev. H. Arnold Thomas, M.A., Chairman, who has ministered in Bristol for many years, gave an address to a crowded audience in the Broad- nead Chapel on "The Value of Religion." One who heard it, described it as "a poem on the Divine life in the soul." When Dr. Guinness Rogers rose to speak on the Twentieth Century Fund, he was accorded an ovation. His address was marvellous for its energy and vigour. Haif- a-million guineas is the sum aimed at, and it seems almost certain now that they will be got. Indeed, all the Twentieth Century Funds are likely to be successful. The Free Churches mean to start the new cen- tury with a well-filled war chest.

THE NEW PRESBYTERIAN COLLEGE AT

CAINIBUIDGE.

The Presbyterian Church of England has removed its theological seminary from London to Cambridge. The Presbyterians of England, as of Scotland, have always perceived the value and necessity of an educated ministry. They hope and believe that a famous Uni- versity town will supply a better atmosphere for the cultivation of theological learning than London. The College was opened free of debt —a circumstance which is a great personal triumph for Dr. John Watson ("an Mac- laren ) convener of the College Committee. A few weeks before the opening ceremony £16,000 was still wanted, but Dr. Watson toiled tremenduously, proved himself a cham- pion beggar, and had the satisfaction at an in- augural ceremony of being able, in his cha- racter as Convener of the College Committee, to look the whole world in the face, for he owed no man anything. The total sum raised- 16,000—has not been the gift of a few wealthy persons; every congregation, almost every member, gave something.

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
E PS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING

===== 0002601_18991027_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Ont. , 41,,A 's

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER

===== 0002601_18991027_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ATSCHEW ! ATSCIIEW ! A-A-ATSCHEW !

Efousefast —swathed in blankets—got your felt in muster i and hot water—your eyes leaking—and your- self miserable and wrecehed—and only able to sneeze— snecr,—stieeze. Probably in the morning the cold will have settled in your throat and you will be as hoarse as the proverbial crow. My friend—sen 4 for some Lavans Lung Linctus immediately—it will give you instant re- lief,and a few doses will cure you absolutely. Thousands of people swear Lavans Lung Linens is the greatest and surest remgdy in the world for all throat and chest affections—and say it is well worth a King's Ransom. It INSTANTLY stc.ps the Tickling in the Throat, and cures Bronchitis with a few doses. May be had from all chemists and Co-operative Stores, and post free is. id., 2s. 9 1., and 4. 4J, from the preprietors,Green and Co., Chemists, Bolton.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S LEAGUE OF PITY.

In connection, with the Warrington Branch of the Children's League of Pity—an institution affili- ated with the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children—a meeting was held in the Town Hall on Btsturday afternoon.—Miss C. Broad- bent,the hon. secretary, stated that the Warrington branch was started on December 4th, 1813, when 55 children joined,and now there were 77 Leaguers. Since that date, £176 5s had been contributed by the Leaguers, except abut £4B whioh had been realised by sales, &c, hel?, in Warrington for the purpose. A branch at Frodsham was founded on November 11th, 189 g. There were now 58 Leaguers, and £22 17s 81 had been contributed up to the present, The Altrincham branch wee com- menced on October 15th,1897. Now it had 63 mem- bers,and £B9 12s 8d had been realised since that date. —Miss Bolton, the assistant secretary of the enciety stated that the founder of the society was once a boy named "Cherry Cheeks," who was new known I as Benjamin Waugh. Some children would perhaps remark that they were too small to help. That was not right, as no child was too small to help them in their work. They could put away each week perhaps, a half-penny, which would mount up at the end of the year. They, in Warrington, with their £l7B which they had contributed, since the commencement of the branch, had been the means of helping to make over 200 little children happy. They had been the means of introducing peace and happiness into their lives. The work of the society was to make little children happy in their own homes. There were now about 7,000 members in the society,and they hoped that in a ehort time that number would be increased to 40,000.

BRASS AND IRON BIIDSTE AD:i, Bedding, Wring- ing Machines Lain!ps, and Coal Vases. ShefilPH Cutlery and Plate—J. S. GARLAND. Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington —Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW POLICE STATION. Foundation-stone Laying at Warrington.

An important event in the history of Warrington occurred on Tuesday when the Mayor of the Borough (Alderman J. E. Wright) conducted the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of new police beildings to be erected at a cost of £22,000. The existing police station in Irlarn-street has long been considered inadequate for the needs of the town and the accomm-sdatiin of a force of over GO men. Sir Herbert Croft, tier .alajesty's Inspector, has been most insistent in his condemnation of the premises for years past, and the urgent representa- tions of the Government coupled with the danger of losing the grant,have prevailed upon the Corpor- ation to at once take in hand the important and costly 'work of providing new buildings suit- able for all present and many future require- ments. The site selected is that at the Bank Quay end of Wilson-Patten-street and which has since 1873 been covered by the militia storehouse of the 4tt, Ro al Lancashire Militia,the block of buildings being, bowever,better, known locally as " The old Barracks." It is an ad- mirable site for the purpose of either barracks or police station, the only objectien to it being that it IS Hot so central as the old premises in Irlam-street. It has the exceptional ad vantage of being bounded on three sides by streets, the fourth side abutting on the premises of the Patten Arms Hotel. The buildings will be ranged round the three open sides of the site, with a central wing projecting into the enclosed quadrangle, forming on plan somewhat the form of an E. The accommodation will comprise a completely equipped police station, with the entrance in the centre of the Arpley-street front, the cells being placed in the central wing under the Police Court, which occu- pies' the upper floor in this block. There will be a' detective department, rooms for the Chief Con- stable and Wetch Committee, in the block facing Wilson Patten-street, with coroner's court and magistrates' rooms, over the quarters for single con- stables, consisting of 20 dormitory cubicles, recrea- tion and mess rooms, sick room, &c., and a pair of semi-deteched residences for inspector and ser- geant, fronting on to Museum-street. A mortuary and post mortem block and 'ambulance house will also be provide]. The buildings will be for the most part two storeys in height, faced externally with a good red brick and terracotta dressings. The architectural treatment will be of a simple Renaissance character, a substantial and dignified effect being obtained without extravagance, the idea being to provide a building so arranged and equipped as to enable the work of maais- trates and police to be carried on in the most efficielt manner pesible at a minimum cost, consistent with its public character and the prominent site it occupies. The principal front will be to Wilson Patten-street, the higher central portion containing on the upper filer the coroner's court, lighted by large semi-circular windows under a bold projrcting cornice, being fl inked by two projecting bays carried up as dome-capped towers above the adjoining roofs. The magistrees entrance will occupy a central position is this front, and consist of a columnar porch,carrying one of the flanking bays. The Arpley-street and Museum-st. fronts will be simpler in character. The forjner will be designed with oriel and gable in the centre over the police station entrance, and with a range of projecting pedimental oriels on either side. The public entrance b the courts will also be in this front near the police entrance. The entrance to the constables' quarters will be from Mueerm-street, as will also the doors of the inspector's and sergeant's houses. Large gates will give access to the central open Icourt from both Wilson Patten-street and Museum-street. A foreco rt about 151 t. wide :enclosed by posts and chains, will encircle the buildings. The design was I selected in open competition and the work is being learned out under the control of the architect, Mr. R. Burns Dick, of the firm of Messrs. Cackett and Burns Dick, Newcestle-on-Tyne. The contractor is a well- known local builder, namely, Mr. C. W. Davenport, of Stockton Heath, while the clerk of the works is Mr. Henry Hallard (Liverpool). The ceremony of laying th& foundation stone of such an important and costly building is not a ceminon one in any town, and it is quite a rarity in Warrineten, which does not boast of a plentitude of municipal build- ings of any great size or recent date. Occasion was taken to make the event to some extent memorable by ; conducting the ceremony with considerable éclat. At 12 45 the members of the Corporation, officials, and ; guests, assembled at the Town Hall, from whence they , marched in procession, starting at one o'clock, to the te'te of the new buildings. A body of police under the control of the Chief Constable led the way, the Mayor's isword and mace bearers immediately preceding his worship. Then came the general company to the num- ' ber of nearly one hundred, the route being by way of Winmarleigh-street, arid Wilson Patten-street. The Mayo, was actomeanied by Alderman Sutton (Sen. Alderman) and Mr J Lyon Whittle (Town Clerk). , Then followed !Aldermen Francomb, Blackhurst, Roberts, Hutchinson I and Bolton ; Councillors Smethurst, Baird, Ellison, Lee IShillcock, John Roberts, John Crosfleld, Dr Cannell , Peacock, Woods. Bennett, Tinnion, Hepherd, Pierpoint Plumpton, F R Roberts, James Evans, Longton, Rogers I Jolley ;Dr Smith (police surgeon). Dr Gorman, (medical officer of health),Mr Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), , Mr John Fairhurat (borough treasurer), Mr W H Wood- cock, (assistant treasurer, Zec.), T Longdin (borough surveyor), John Sutcliffe (assistant borough surveyor), G F F White (deputy clerk to the magistrates), Jern es Dees (manager of the depots), Fred Taylor (secretary of the gas department), Charles Madelry (secretary, librarian and curator. C B Aylward (art master), IMr R Burns Dick (the architect), Mr Cackett (of the firm of Cackett and Burns Dick) ; Mr Bennett (president of the Lancashire Society of architects), Mr Gunson, (architect Manchester), Mr Hindle ; and Messrs John , White, James Ilepherd, George Pilling, R T Fairclough, W B Roberts John Geddes, J W Hayward, T Birchall, R G Hensball% W Owen, 8 Wright,vrlaile in waiting near the stone were the Mayoress (Mrs Wright and Miss Wright), Mr and Mrs T Birtles, Mr J Birtles, Mr W H Robinson, and Mr John Lunt. The day wan quite fine and bright,so that the proceedings were conducted amid the pleasantest of cenditions. When everybody had secured a pontion in the vicinity of the massive founda- tion-stone, _ _ _

_ Alderman SUTTON said they would all be aware that they had met there that afternoon for the purpose of witnessing the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the tow police premises by the Mayor. Before c tiling upon him to perform the cerem.,ny it would perhaps, not be out of place if he gave a few particulars con- cerning the site el the new premises. The new police premises will etan,l on the site of the storehouse and quarters formeylv occupied by the 4th Royal Lancashire Militia. The Militia storehouse and premises were erected in 1873, hut were not occupied many years by the Militia. In 1883 the premises were offered for sale, being then tried as a school by the Guardians of the Warrington Union at a rent of £lBO a year. The entire site contains 7,738 square yards, and was purchased in 1895 by Mr. Alderman Fairclough for the sum of £4,750. IThe land is freehold, and cost less than 6d per yard without considering the value of the old materials. The Government Inspector has for many years been twat persistent in his demands on the Cor- poration for new police premises. o one for a moment would contend that the present premises in Iriam-strest were at all suitable or adequate for police purposes. The old premises were built under an old Act of Parliament obtained in 1813, which was "an Act for Paving and Improving the Town of War- rington and for building a new Bridewell in the town," and the present premises were erected long before the incorp.,ratien of the borou2h. It was well-known that the Corpcoation received out of moneys provided by Parliament one half the cost of pay and clothing of police which amounted last year to tie sum of nearly £3,000. This money was paid on a certificate of the Secretary of State that the Police Force has been efficiently main- taieed, and as cue or two towns have lost the grant through not building new premises when required to do co it became a case of Holson's choice about building the new police premises in Warringeon. The Corpora- tion thereupon took the matter in hand, and invited competitive designs, offering prizes of £lOO, £5O and £25 for the first, se=cond and third Pre-

===== 0002601_18991027_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINFUL FINGER ENDS

FOR 'CHING 'ALMS

ONE NIGHT TREATMENT. - Soak the hands thoroughly, on retiring, in a HOT lather of CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CuTicußA Ointment, the great skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear old gloves during the night. For sore hands, itching, burning palms and painful finger ends, this one night treatment is wonderful.

WOMENEsoeclaliv Mothers are meet competent to appreciate the remarkable cleansing, purifying, and emollient properties of CuncuaA SoAr and to find new uses for it daily. Sold throughout the world. British depot: F. NEWBEFT Sores, London. F,-ench depot: L. Mine, Paris. Austrailan depot: R. liowss & CO., Sydney. POTTIER DIMLI .4.211) Cour., Sole Props., Booton, U. S. A.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing— t;ec dtrAted Gind 50 nage,) 3.1 Tobleconists' Outfitting Co. 185, Euston-road .don. HairOreasers fitted.—Xlanager. H. UYERt. Advt

IT' ED ROUGH lANDS ' CalcuraSoa.` 'fj; , • ' 1111)1C1NAleall_ ' s 7) ,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
* * THE PIA

241C-* * T4c

===== 0002601_18991027_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
*

* *

LUZ:,

HE LABEL. TELLS 71-4 E

ME PRCVES THE V.A., .. * ~,,e(loillliii • -,. , ' ,:‘\ ,y,\•l . ‘;1:,-,e \\, A _.-f'..----,,,,, (~,,,•/(f. • 7.---) 3:k 00/'x',Y ' :74' "\.:\:,oo‘‘ .-AY •,,,„.,,.,- \\.. ,611-0 -c-h, i 117,-;:t.,. , qtioy ''kiaL 7 (..... A i...;, , „\\\,,, \ :,,ctiv- V 00:, \V A \5,......._T--------........................... REG? TRA 577:TA7.7"''''1" * * •"''''''''' 20.. T' * -* -** VV.'

===== 0002601_18991027_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

I Four contests for municipal honours will take place next Wednesday. The compact of the Liberal and Conservative parties not to oppose retiring members of the Council has been observed, but con- tests have been forced in four welds by independent candidates. Three of these are nominees of the Ratepayers and Property Owners' Association, and the fourth has been brought forward by a new organisation in the town known as the Citizens' Union,which it opposed to the interference of politi- cal parties in citizenship Mr. John Pemh,:rton, of Winwick-street, is the candidate of this Union and he opposes the return of Councillor Jolley in Latch- ford ward. He claims to have received promises of support from Conservatives, Liberals and Socialists. In Bewsey Ward the return of Councillor J Shaw Green is challenged by Mr, Elijah Cunnington, a candidate put forward by the Ratepayers' Associa- tion. A well attended meeting of the Liberal com- mittee and workers of Bewsey ward was held in Wycliffe Hall on Saturday evening to promote the candidature of Councillor Shaw Green. The pro- ceedings were of a very enthusiastic character; and surprise was expressed that any opposition should be shown to ths candidate, who has daring his con- nection witk the Town Council rendered great ser- vices to the borough. Councillor Shaw Green gave a resupsi of the work of the past three years, allud- ing especially to the benefits to be derived from the yew Act, and to the increased work which would arise by the building of the new police premises, electric light station, hospitals, technical instruc- tion school, and the street improvements. A vote of confidence in him was unaaimausly passed. Mr. Linnasus Greening has been selected by the Conservatives of Orford Ward as the candidate in place of Councillor James Grace, retired. He will be opposed by Mr. Samuel Gough. a leading mem- ber .of the Ratepayers' Association.

There will also be a contest in Town Rail Ward where the retiring representative, Councillor Joseph Shillcock will be oppo=e I by Mr. James Cliff e of the Ratepayers' Association. The undermentioned have been returned unop- posed :

WHITECROSS WARD :—Councillor James Evans (14), baker and provision dealer, Elizabeth- street. ST. AUSTIN'S WARD :—Councillor Tinnion (L), spelter manufacturer, 18, Winmarleigh- I street. Sr. JOHN'S WARD :—Councillor John Roberts (C), I tanner, Winwick-road. FAIRFIRLD WARD :—Alfred John Jolley (C), 59 Marsh House-lane, gentleman. HOWLEY WARD :—Councillor Arthur Bennett, (C), accountant, Salisbury-street. The contested elections are as follows : TOWN HALL WARD :—Councillor Shillcock (C), Winwick-street, licensed victualler; James Cliffs (Ind), 65, Buttermarket-street, produce merchant. BEWSEY WARD :—Councillor J haw Gven Winmarleigh-street, accountant ; Elijah Cunnington (Ind), 31, Kerfoot-street, furni- ture dealer. ORFORD WARD :—LinnitoUg Greening (C), 5, Wilson Patten-street, wire manufacturer ; Samuel Gough (Ind), 106, Winwick-street, house furnish Ar. LATCHFORD WARD :—Councillor Jolley (C), 158, Wilderspool Causeway, gentleman; John Pemberton (Ind), 35, Winwick-street, ho3iery manufacturer. MORE NOMINATIONS. TOWN HALL WARD.—Councillor Joseph Shincock (C), licensed victualler, 50, Winwick-street, proposed by Al- derman Sutton, seconded by Mr Harry Greenall, awl supported by Messrs G Jolley, T C Brooks, J Lee, G Perry, J Pugh, J B Mellor, G E Turley, and G A Ward. In a second paper Mr Shine )ck is nominated by Annie Lloyd Williams, seconded by Eliza Whittaker, and sup- ported by Jane McClew, Elizabeth Walker,Eliza Roberts, Martha Eliza Andrews, Elizabeth Smith, Alice Holbrook and Kate Toplis. James Cliffe (R.A.), produce mer- chant, of 65, Buttermarke'-street, proposed by Mr W Cooper, seconded by Mr H Jolley, and suenorted by Messrs C Fax, B Fay, H Poole, S Williams, B Forman, A , Forster, W Preston, and J Hicky. In a second paper Mr Cliff's is proposed by Mr Jamei D ckenson, seconded by Mr E Connor, and supdortel he Messrs %V Gallop, T Rhodes, J Kilduff, W T Shutt, J Purnell, A J Willett, S Plinston, nen., and T O'Connor. BEWSEYWARD.—CounciIIor Shaw Green (L), proposed by Councillor John Roberts, seconded by Mr John Rudge, and assented to by Messrs J Wiring, S Archer, C E W Nurse, J Quinn, J J Lelland, H Feara Shaw,an 1 G Edwards. Elijah Cunnint.,,ton (Ri,tepavers' Associa- tion), furniture dealer, of 31. Kerfoot-street, proposal by Charles Longshaw, seconded by William Hodson and supported by Messrs G Sumersot, J Kenyon, J Ryder, jun., G Woodward, J Lowrenson, W Derbyshire,T Yeo- mans, J Brown. ORFORD WARD.—Mr Linnaftifi Greening (C), wire manufacturer, 5. Wilson Patten-stre-t, provned by Mr Peter Wells, seconded by Mr Thunas Hackett. and sup- ported by Messrs F Carroll, A Shaw, J Richard, J Rat- cliffe, W Dutton, R Rathmill, J Langley and E the second paper the candidate is nominated by Mr Owen Jones, seconded by Mr Herbert Davies, and sun- ported by Mr W Dagnall, T flowell,J Wood, J Titchard, F H Powell, R Atkinson, J Bowers, and W Whittaker. Mr Greening is further proposed by Mr Thomas Salmon Jolley, seconded by Councillor Arthur Peacock, and sup- ported by Messrs J Garner, A Dun hell, J E Harrison, J E Lowe, S Ratcliffe. U Deloozo, J Lea, and J Wilcock. Samuel Gough (Ratepayers' Associa- tion), house furniture dealer, 109, Winwick- street, proposed by J Lea, seconded by James Harding, and supported by Messrs. T Perrins, M Mahoney, G Sheldon, J Byrom, R Dawson, W H Booth, T Glover, J Oakley. In a second paper tle candidate is proposed by Mr G T Wilding, seconded by Mr J T Harrikon, and supported by Messrs J Harrison, G Jolley, W Buckley, J Burnes, E R Clare, T Worsley, P Robinson, W H Dutton.

LATCHFORD WARD.--JOhn Pemblrton (Ind.), hosinyr manufacturer, of 35, Winwick-itreet, is proposed by Mr Joseph Podmore, seconded by Mr S Actln, and suppor- ted by Messrs J Cotterill, W Swift, J Fargher, W Smith, E Malone, F W White, 8 Foulkes. and F Bates. In a second paper he is proposed by Mr A Wright, seconded by Mr A P Wright, and supported by M.asrs E Wrench, W Ward, T B Thornley,J B Starkey, T Owen, A Nowall, S Burdett. and Sarah Peraberton.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRAWBERRY PICNIC.

The Morning Leader, July 13;h, 1898, says :—"Messrs "S. Chivers St Sons, the well-known jam and jelly " manufacturers, understand the art of entertainment "no less tiaan the art of jam-making. On Tuesday they "invited a number of Pressmen to a strawberry picnic "at their farm at Iliston, Cambridge. The wondering " pickels were delighted with the sight of two-seore top- hatted visitors bending their backs to the willing task "of finding large strawoerries. It is just twenty-five " years since Messrs. Chivers started jam-making. " 'They now have a thousand acres of land under culti- vation, and employ, wheal busy, eight hundred hands. " 'The an factory is within the circle ot the fruit fields, " and the fruit can therefore behandled without delay•" It the luncheon which followed, a Cambridge ilier- man and J.P. said;—" When he was k h vv n over the " fact,)ry a year a:o he was struck by the healthy "appearance of the employes. the women alai girls " looking well and joyous, so different from the codi- tion of things in eime factories he had visited." A London manufacturer expr:sised the opinion that the root of Messrs. Chivers' success was the high excel- " lence of their goods, nhioh had made their mark in "the commercial world. People who had the goods " once, repeated their criers." The Official Reporter of the Royal Commission on Agriculture, 1895, says :—" Messrs. Claivers' factory at " Histon is now well-known throughout tat: country for " the excellence of its manufactures." Chivers' Gold Medal Jams and Jellies are sold by Grocers and Stores throughout the United Kingdom.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. --- ST. MARY'S, GatElie SANKEY. On Sunday, sermons were preached in the morning and evening at Sr. Mary's Church, Great Sankey, by the Rev. J. Hirst, Dlocesan Secretary, on behalf of the Church of England Temperance Society. The offertories amounted to £5 12s. 6. Mr. Hirst also delivered an address to the Sunday school children and their teachers in the afternoon. WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

Mr. Haley presided at the m,eting of this society on Sunday when there was an averar attendance. The address was delivered by Me. G.W. Petts,of Manchester, who drew some useful ,ns from the actions of Shammah as recorded in 2nd Samuel, 23c and Ilv. Mr. Tnomas Wallington referred to the death of one of the members of the society—Mr. William Smith,—whose remains many of them had followed to the grave that afternaen. It was decided that a vote of condolence be forwarded to the relatives of the deceased. " Elegie" by Earnst was rendered by Mr. R. H. Pearson on the violin, Mr. W.U. Payton accompanyine on the organ. A duet "Love Divine" was sung by M,53 Christian and Mr. A. Griffiths.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JAMES' CHURCH.

The Rev. F. E. Powell, preached the first of a course of ,ermons on "Some Church Questions" on Sunday even- ing. The subject was " Did our Lord found a visible Church ?" and for his text t le rev. gentleman seleeted the words " Upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Se. Matt. xvi. 18. In the course of his remarks he stated that the Jewish Church consisted of the twelve tribes of Israel, so the Christian Church was built upon the foundation of the twelve Apostles, Christ Himself being tie bead corner-stone. He was constantly liken- ing His kingdom to visible things. That there was an invisible company drawn from alt sorts and conditions of religious opinions, even non-religious bodies, the Church had never denied. That invisible company, known to God alone, might contain, for all be knew, Turks, infidels, heretics, and even atheists. He ad- mitted that to the full, and no well-informed Church- man wouli care to deny it, but the so-called invisible Church was not mentioned or alluded to in the Scrip- tures from first to last ; but if there was any fact in history mere clearly establit bed than another it was that after the death el Jesus C'arist a new and visible society began to exist with visible rules, officers, rites, and ordinances in a visible way by holy baptism, con- firmation by laying on of hands, led together in a visible assembly to meet their invisible head. Without a visible church the precepts of Christ, and even the Passion of Christ, would soon have sunk into forgetfulness. THE REV E R TARBUCK AND THE WAR. _ _ _ _

The Vicar of St. Paul's (the Rev. E. R. Tarbuck) in the course at his serencia an Suuday evening made refer- ence to the war in the Transvaal. He remarked that other nations had admitted the fact that it was the rule and net the exception that Ragland did her best to develop the colony for the colony's sake, and those who had shown the natives the worst side of our civilization had been as a rule the riff-raft of ohr population or those who had for obvious reesens !Ailed to commend them- selves to their own country-men at borne and had con- aently betaken themselves and their vicious habits to the wider and less discipined regions of our colonies. But toe representatives of toe Government appointed to positions of responsitsility were chosen by those who had themselves been selected by the governing nation for their good qualities, aad at present on matters of mora- lity the heart of the English peeple wee fundamentally saund. It was quite natural that until the war was actually declared op the Baer Republic the political party in England represented just new by the Opposition members of Parliament shoulel do all they could to pre- vent our nation from comnittine any rash and nrecipi- ttte action, but as seen as President Kruger's ultitnetune was received, its terms were s) insulting, that our ranks were closed up and party feeling was laid aside. War was a terrible but sometimes a necessery evil, and in this case the country was at 009 in thinking that war became a necessity. Tney were net then to be consi- dered Jingoes when once war had begun because they cheered on their army and hop el for a speedy end. Our nation was never so united on any question as now. If they had seen certain members of Parliament making themselves an exception to this rule they felt that they did not represent their constituents and they were the ones who had aleenya proved themselves foreigners to the nationel sentiment. And the tele- gram from the seat of war read in the House of Com- mons a few days ago was significant ef this. The tele- gram stated that the troops concerned in the successful storming of the position held by the Boers on Dundee Hill were the King's Royal Rifles and the Dublin Fueiliers. Needless to say, because of their nationality, the name of the latter was reeeived by the members with indescribable enthusiasm.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE BAND OF HOPE.

A very attractive programme was provided at the first public entertainment for this season in connection with Wycliffe Band of Hope, held on Monday evening. The Rev. John Yonge presided over a fairly large gathering. In the coarse of a few introductory observa- tions, the Chairman spoke of the pleasure it gave him to see so many young friends peesent on that occasion. It encored well for the success of the Baud of Hope. Mr. F. Merrell who was in charge of it was most anxious to make it a still greater success. Gee reason why it was called a band of hope was because boys and girls were the hope of the future. They were desirous that this bsloved country of ours should became a sober country and that the great vice and misery of drunkenness should be put an end to. They felt that if they could succeed in training up their boys and girls in the princi- ples of temperance they would be doing something to- wards making tSie people of the country, sober, happy. and prosperous. During the evening au excellent address was delivered •hy Mr. William Roberts (secretary of the Warriegton Temperance Federation). He spoke of his previous con- nection with the Wycliffe Band of Hope and the successful meetings held. Some people seemed to have got the idea that Band of Hope meetings were only for little children, but he thought it wee a great mistake. Some of their older children would be benefitted, and encouraged to keep the total abstinence pledge. He recmtly saw a young man whc had at one time attended Wycliffe sshool, under the influence of drink. Did not they think it was a disgrace to see either a young man or a young woman tumbling about their streets drunk ? He thouieht so,anl he thought parents cusht to encourage their children to keep the Bins! .st Hope pledge. He was afraid they did not do so. He had seen children belong- ing to their bands of hope being sent by their parents to public-houses for drink. It was not fair to the children. (Hear, hear.) It seas not setting a good example and was nulliying the efforts of those who were trying to bring them up in the right way. If parents would have their copper bier he would ask them to fetch it themselves and thus keep the temptation out of the way of the children. Some people thought it was right to take a small quantity but they might be bringing up someone who would not be content with a small quantity. Mr. Roberts proceeded to relate two typical instances which hsd come under his own observe- ton in Warrington showieg the terrible straits to which p,ople were brought by drink. In tionclusion he urged the children to be true to their pledge and spoke words of encouragement to the children. An excellent programme of trace] and instrumental music W3S given. An intereating feature was the per- formarce of a number of little girls in action songs, the first being a representation of sandwich men. Recita- tions were given by Miss Amy Shaw. " Found Dead Master Gerald Mason " Jerry Joy ;" Mr. F. Morrell, " Clerk Mugegins :" and Miss F. Bill, " Shoeblack Joe." Miss Lena Debson's fine c intralto voice was heard to advantage in the songs " Promise of • Life" and Daddr." For her faithful, able and feeling interpretation of the last named she was deservedly encored and complied with" The Star of Bethlehem." Mr. George Gough also gave a credit- able rendering of the song " The Soldier's Grave." " Where are you going to my pretty Maid," es as pleas- ingly interpreted by Mise K Whitfield and Master Harry Warburton, and the song " Buy my pretty flowers," was sung by Miss Lucy Evans. Mr F Ford highly pleased the audience by his performance on the cernet, and for his rendering ef " Queen of the Earth," he was eneored. At the close of a most enjoyable even— inff's entertainment the services of these who had taken Part in it were acknowledged on the proposition of Mrs.. F. Mcrral

===== 0002601_18991027_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
I ..""IC • r),..4.4;•;t• , ',. , , :...: .. • :' '

===== 0002601_18991027_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Et: 44 Crammer" ..trits

OP LLICIASUIE AIM CHRSAIIIE COUNTY NEWSPYPEDS:

G rie€z

THE, Ways-Ina:ton and ilfid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Sattirtly morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. ffelens Examiner, published every Friday aftarnoon. THE Runcorn ExaWner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WA.NTRD, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATION% VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, A.PARTMENPS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLF.3 FOR SALE BY PRITITE CONTRACT

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. iiOVSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six

Ord'. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ......... Os ed ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 36 45 Is 6d ... 3s Bd ... 6s Od

===== 0002601_18991027_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel.

- - - - WANTED, strong LAD for farm work; goot milker.— Apply WILLIAM BALMER, Ridge Farm. Burnley.

ASSISTANT 3SISTRFSS WANTED, art 50 or 68, good salary.—Apply RECTOR. St. James'. Gorton, Man- chester.

MED.ILS Wanted. clated 1848 or earlier; £2 each given. also Matabele. Atbara. Arctic. &e.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droitwich,

WAR MEDALS wantekl, dated 1848 or earlier. 1892 or later ; also last Arctic; £2 each given.—Mlloll TOMBS, Droltwica.

NVANTRD.—Energetie and respectable MAN. for Assur- ance Book, £1 per week salary, excellent opportunity. 124 GREENWA.Y-ROAD. Rtnacom.

CONFECTIONEItY WANTED young GIRL, as apprentice for High Class business, not under 15, particulars.— H. WILMSLILY, Bradshawgate, Bolton.

WANTID, several good all-round FlTTiditS, also bandy Men accustomed to erecting and taking down naaelainery•—THomail JonneoN, Prescott-street, Wigan.

TOBACCONIST 3 Commancing.—See Illd. Guido (259, pages) 3d. Tobaecouists' Outfitting Co., 186, Huston-road. London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. Mae.

Blt tit INGHAM GOODS, Furniture, Bassinettes, Wringers. Toys, Hardware Jewellery, Watches, Jo. AGENTS WA.NTBD. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY, Birmingham.

WANTED Two single experienced men indoors, one as COWMAN*, the other as SHEPHIMD, for shorthorn cattle and Shropshire sheep ; go xi references required.—Mr. EICICLET, The Fields. Ellesmere.

SH ORT HAND —New era ; SLOAN-DUPLOYAN7SYSTEM; labour of years reduced to months ; postal lessens ; particulars free ; Agents Wanted. —SKoRTHAND AssocliTioN, 3, Stella-villas, Mitcham-road, London, S.W.

WBSLEYAN and GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY established 1841. —WANTED, AGENTS whole or spare time.— I..ppiy W. TAYLOR, Superintendent, ten to twelve, 14, Cairo-street, or 30, Bewsey-road, Warrington.

QIIIRTMAKIIR3 and JACKET hands (thoroughly expert- entsed) Wanted immediately for superior work.—Apply WILLIAM COITFA & SoN. Wholesale I:iirt Manufacturers and Genera' Manchester Wifreheusernea, Friarsgate. Bridge- -

arria

===== 0002601_18991027_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
stre4A,

QANITAILY INSPRCTORSHIPS.—SaIaries from £lOO to 1,71 £250 numerous vacancies; permanent appointments Special Postal Course cf Leflions now commencing for Leeds and other exams. ; previous experiences imaecessary ; over 200 successful candidates .—Apply Boss= AlussExs,Scienoe Teacher, Sunderland.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiontesittf Otrbants. Scr.

ViTANTED at 'nee SUPERIOR GENERAL ; no waslaing. —Apply 118, Hampton-road, Southport.

WANTED, a respectable GIRL as GENERAL for family of two.—Apply 152, CROSS-LINE, Salford.

WANTED. GENERAL SERVANT; for private house; references.-38. NORWOOD-AVENUE, Southport.

WANTED, a strong willing GIRL for Chip Potatoe Busi- ite.g.—GxEy 3. MARL-LANE, Bradford. Manchester.

WANTED, a young MAN for Farm Work; a good milker,—Apply J. AND Y. WESTALL, Horse Hill Farm Hapton. -

AVANTSD. straag GENSItA.L, for snia.ll business house aged 18. —l4, SIORrON-STRESIT, Phorlton-oa-liesilock, Manchester.

WANTHD at once respectable GIRL age about 16 or 17 tor housework.-275, WALTON BREcic-neA.D, Anfleld, Liverpool.

WANTED, GAL; small ; nurse kept.— Apply 47, NALLiwELL-LINE, Cheithana Hill. Manchester.

WANTRD. young GIRL, 18, latish ia hmisework ; tin washing.-30, CaEsawELL °mom West Didsbury, Mauebester.

WANTHD at ones aRNIMAL SHHVANT ; able to wash; comfortable borne ; references.---STRAD, Chemist, St. Armes-on-Sea.

WANTIIID, strong GIRL, toad of ckildren.—Apply, Mrs. CIRD-2, 4, Summer Plow, Platt-lano, Rusbo Manchester.

WA.ITHD Strong GM(IIItAL, over 20. Good personal eharaober required.-31rs. Swami. Southport, 22, Sear!shriek-road.

WANTHD, General SHRVANT able to wash ; good refer- ence ; small family ; wages £lO.-9, HALSEURT-EWID, Kensington, Liverpool.

WANTED, GENERAL, experienced, good wages and comfortable home. 9, CUITSWoRTH-RoAD, Chcrlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester.

ANTHD, experienced GENBRAL, three in family. good wages, age twenty to twenty-thres.—WAatc. The Nook, Cabie-road, Hoylake.

WANTED. good GEBNBRAL ;also superior young GIRL as nurse-maid. Write or apply 79, STItETFORD-RoAD, Urmston, Manchester.

WANTRD GUNERAL SEILVANT, 20 to 25 ; £l5 a year; no washing ; small family•-399, CHEZTEAM HILL. ROAD, I(4naheater.

- WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, experienced; small family; age about 26, housemaid kept. TEE H4LLIES. Walk- den, near Belton.

WANTED, two GENBRAL9. good references.—Fll par- ticulars Mrs, EIGEY. 66. Gladstone-road, Seafortb. Liverpool. (tiomips for reply.)

WANTIID, GIiNERA.L ; one valuing good home pre- ferred. Lady in business, must be thoroughly trust- worthy.—K. WITENLoo-ROAD. Waterloo, - --

- - wANTED, good plain COOK for small family; must Lave good referanee ; wages £iB.—Mrs. nun% 6, Trafal- road Dirkdaiss, Southport. gar-

IV ANTED, at once. experienced. COOKAIENERAL ; good V V wages ; another kept.—Mrs. EDWARDS, 171, Hill-road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
chethara

' WANTED, a good SHRVANT for farmhouse - .no able te milk preferred ; ref. required.—Apply Sirs. S. LAY- COCK, Hollins. Ightenbill Park. Burnley.

TV Aranu, clean respectable Servant GULL about 18 ; who can wash ; wage 3 ss.—Apply yrs. smun, Queen's-road, Cheadle Hulme, Manchester, ---- -- --- - - - - _ GHtd LHaltptLi i °alum.° n .(I "tit lI f nnaLeaLlilnyn_; 11 EID- /Ark7er'enrDeslcaltsowodan Chorltei-cum-Hardy, Maucheater.

WANTED, strong country GIRL, at once; age 18; refer- ence required ; wages £lo.—Mrs. BUCKLEY. Upper- wood House, Greenfield' near Oldham.

WANTED. respectable GIRL, with good reference ; family two; small weekly wash; comfortable home. —BABY LODGE, Burlington-road, Southport.

WANIBD. good GBNBRAL, able to ntilk, middle-aged preferred; wages £lB —Apply TAYLOR, Foot-e-th.- Brook Yarm, Swan-lane. Bolton. Lancashire.

WASTED at wice, a good Gll/111 14AL Servant, about 17 must he able to wash and iron • comfortable tom-e. Address 7, MARKET-STREET, Hlndley,

----- WANTBD. young COOK-GENERAL, who can wash and iron, good character. housemaid kept.—Apply any afternoon or evening : 11, CONYERS AVENUE, Birkdale, Southport.

GENTLEMAN recommends his GROOM COACHMAN, experienced, married, age 39, good driver, single or double, 3/ year's good raference —Address, 8, GREENFIELD- ROAD, SCarborough.

WANTED, respectable honest Country GIRL as General for Publig house. Alga to wash and clean well. No family ; good home for girl who would be treated as one of the family. Church of England or Wealoyan. Could go to school on Sunday afterneons.—Mrs. WILKINSON, 59. suig Brook, Blackburn.

PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. I. R. CHARLES H. PIGOT BEGS TO ANNOUNCE MISS ALICE ESTY The Celebrated Prima Donna Soprano who made so great an impression in Warrington last season, and a strong CONCERT PARTY FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17TH.

FULL PARTICULARS AT C. H PIGOT'S, 75, BkIDGE-STREET, where the plan will be °pea en iftturday next.

NVEST KIRBY. CHRSIIIRIL-A Winter HO HE FOR INVALIDS. every comfort, good cooking: -Mrs. COOPER. 13 North-road, West Kirby. - _

===== 0002601_18991027_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Ea be Ed.

PRINTING, BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHY.

PRINTIM FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRIN LING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANK S. PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRLWING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN.

MODERN METHODS. LOWEST PRICES,

MODERN PLANT.

QUICK DESPATCH.,

AND GOOD PRINTING.

•J. WALKER & Co.

V SIAS CARDX. fine la. 6s. worth free 2s. 6d.—BENNETT, 38, East-street, Bromley, Kent.

ItEDUCHD VITALITY.—Herb cure Treatibe for one stamp.—Jount Donn, 60, Magdalen-vard Road. Dundan

F MN WOOD Is. per bag, resin pieces also Are lighters." Wre. Bv.swicx, 21. Buttermarket-street, Warrington,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MR. WILLIA3I ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ENVELOPES FROM

2s, PER 11000.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Rotorko, 33itEitne5.R5. ett.

eptlesl

4Rustrai instruintnts.

DIAN°, BY JOHN BOND. £l3 109., cost £26. £l3 109. 1 only. BURTON'S, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

pLANO y Broadwood •not sons, rosewood case, ivery keys suitable for school, cottage, or mission room, £l7 or upon the easy payment system RIB. WILLIAK LHA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-gni/MT.

piia-70 in choice walnut case. grand and tun tone, mar- queterie panel front, by Lendon maker. Net £l5, or easy payment system £lB. WILLIAM LEA. 50 awn 52. CHURCH-STREET,

BRADLEY PASS & CO., 68, HANOVER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 2 DOORS FROM BOLD-STREET. FRAMS MAKERS, GILDERS, AND DECORATORS, ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLOURS, OIL PAINTINGS, VERY CLIRAP,

THE

44EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE campaign now waging British I,...tsses and their Causes. in Natal is the first instance in which smokeless powder has been used by two combatants, and, therefore, it is sure tofurnish us with some useful facts and lessons. The Boers are using a powder only a little inferior to our own, and hence the con- ditions may be regarded as being equal in this re- spect. When smokeless powder was first intro- duced there was a heated controversy amongst military men as to whether it would or would not increase the number of casualties in an engage- ment. Outsiders, using only their common sense declared that it was bound to do so; but military opinion was not very clear upon the point, except to the extent of admitting that it would give some advantages to a defending force. During the campaign for the recovery of Khartoum only the Anglo-Egyptian force used cordite cartridges, and little was to be learnt from the battles of Atbara and Khartoum, except that our fire did not obscure the fire zone, and enabled us to see the advancing Dervishes. In Natal we can now see some of the inevitable effects of the use of smokeless powder. It can hardly be denied that casualties have been increased on either side. Our own losses are considerable, and they are being unduly attributed to the excellent firing of the Beers and their mixed allies. Perhaps we may dismiss this point as in itself having only a small bearing upon the facts of the case. Good shooting is helped by smokeless powder,and the advantage has been equally distributed. We have undoubtedly had the advantage so far as artillery fire is concerned, and it has been more deadly in consequence. The Boer guns have been more easily silenced, and the losses of the Boers must have been correspondingly great, though we have little accurate knowledge about them. On the other hand, in our storming operations the smokeless powder has enabled the Boers to see and to hit our officers, who have been standing erect whilst their men were in cover. It seems clear that we must attribute our heavy casualties to twe things—the better aim a smoke- free air gave to the enemy,and the superiority thus given to men in a defensive position, who were barely visible to the storming force. In all our storming operations we shall notice that our casualties will be very large. But the use of cavalry is rendered easier and more deadly when the air is clear enough to enable the enemy's posi- tion and tactics to be discernible, and so one dis- advantage is almost, but not quite, balanced by another advantage. The effective use of cavalry or mounted riflemen has been marked in the two big battles already fought, and it will probably continue to the end of the war, and increase with the numbers of the enemy actually in the field. The Boers on foot can only meet cavalry by a few dropping shots, and then they must reach their horses and fly. They are only able to attack infan- try, when they themselves are under cover, by rifle or Maxim-gun tire, and when the infantry are near enough to come on at the charge with the bayonet they must stampede. We think we have given some reason for our heavy British losses.

The men of affairs who conduct the War Office are not disposed, apparently, to turn to account at once the principal lesson of the battles in Natal. Regimental officers for the front have been ordered to assume distinctive badges—bright stars on the helmet, sashes, white facings for regimentals, and the like—and they are obeying with. more alacrity than common sense. We should have thought that distinctive signs for officers were intended for the convenience of the rank and file, not as an advertisement for the enemy. The stars and white facings which have been ordered for some of the officers will shew up in strong relief on the veld. It is right and proper that officers should lead the way. and should not seek cover. This is part of

===== 0002601_18991027_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
the duty. But according to the military authorities they must, in addition, say " Here am I" to the enemy ; and there is neither sense nor usefulness in it. It is quite possible thac in future wars dis- tinctive dress of all kinds will nave to be cast aside. The Gordons suffered so severely in the second Natal battle solely because their kilts made them so conspicuous. It was suggested many months ago that Highland regimeuts should be deprived of their kilts, and a great outcry arose against eliminating a picturesque and historic gatb from the army. But we cannot always sacrifice good men on the altar of history and picturesqueness.

THE unconscious transfer- The EvPil Genius in ence to one region of thought olitics. and belief of views and theories which have lost vitality in some other province, is one of the puzzles of history. For ex- ample the gambler is invariably as superstitious as the untutored savage, and he believes in omens and tokens. It was inevitable that in politics there should be traces of the same habit of mind. Few persons any longer believe in the control of natural and physical phenomena by malignant agencies or personalities, but there is quite a dis- position to think that domestic and internal politics are subject to the periodical influence of some evil genius. At the present moment there are many people who see in the events of South Africa the effects of an evil genius at home. We need not name the statesman in question. A good deal of argument may be adduced in support of the theory. At times it seems to be very convinc- ing, and at others it is weaker. Men say that but for the evil genius there would have been no real trouble and no war. Such a theory implies the possession and use of influ- ences which are almost incompatible with representative institutions, enlightened public opinion, a free Ptess, and Cabinet govern- ment. People have to be convinced,and not bribed; they have to be reasoned with, not coerced ; and sane and responsible politicians have to be brought into line. An evil spirit, working by sub- tle and secret means, is no longer possible in this country, because it presupposes ignorance, super- stition, and inability to follow a long controversy intelligently. We must allow for the free play of common sense in British affairs. A man may blunder into serious difficulty, but he cannot play the part of a vicious supernatural being. He can- not withhold, distort, or falsify information. We wish it were possible to say that nothing in the character of the evil genius had been at work else- where. Dr. St7eyn, the President of the Orange Free State, who has issued a Proclamation annex- ing parts of Cape Colony to the country he governs seems to have been an evil counsellor to President KRUGER, and to have suggested to him the terms of the ultimatum in which he forfeited all title to our regard as a sensible diplomatist, with theories he need not have put to the test of military violence. Dr. LEYDS has been another evil genius. He has distorted the information he has forwarded to Pretoria. He has buoyed up the Transvaal Boers with hopes of European intervention. He has been buying arms and implements of war to prepare the way for that combination between the two Boor Republics which is the ugliest fact in the whole situation. We have no intention of includ- ing President KRUGER in the category of the evil genius. He has undoubtedly trusted a little too much in his own cleverness, and believed tos much in the distorting effects of party feeling in this country. He has yielded tp the ambitious designs of President STEYN, now avowed by the paper annexation of the Kimberley region and all the British territory belonging to Cape Colony north of the Vaal river. But we believe that he has been honestly striving to act according to his lights, and that his hand has been forced by others, some of whom have paid for their temerity on the battlefield. Dr. Leyds and Dr. Steyn have played on the ignorance of the Boers, and manufactured a situation which has led to war, and war out of which no good can come to Boer rule. They have been evil genii of the bad type, and the mischief they have wrought is only too apparent. The Boers are being daily undeceived. They will ultimately find out that they have also been be- trayed.

There is nothing of a particularly congratula- tory nature about the fact that Warrington is in a fair way towards possessing one of the finest police stations in the country. Had it been a technical institute, a free library, or something of that kind, the inhabitants might be pardoned a feeling of pride in a building which is to cost at least £22,000. They could then, with unctuous satisfaction, have bid the stranger pause and admire the handsome structure erected by the "city fathers" for the benefit of the city's sons. But,an architectural ornament to the town though it will be, the police station is hardly a subject upon which even a guide of the eloquent type encountered by Mark Twain could dilate at any length with results at all satisfactory. His hearers might be impressed—even as the humorist was— but they would probably take such a distorted view of matters as would bring the guide's grey hairs in sorrow to the grave. An efficient police force and an adequate police station are necessities of the age, however, and it behoves the" city fathers" to pay strict attention to the provision and maintenance of both. Warrington has long been sadly behindhand in the matter of accommo- dation for the seat of justice, but the defect is to be thoroughly remedied and on Tuesday the Mayor formally laid the foundation stone of the spacious block of buildings which has been designed to meet the wants of the town and the demands of the Government in this respect.

revival in an American law journal of the dis- cussion of the case of Mrs. Maybrick has brought out some interesting facts as to the rights of women who marry foreigners. Our own Act of Parliament of 1870 makes simple the position of English maidens who choose husbands belonging to another country. A married woman is deemed to be the subject of the State of which her husband is for the time being the subject. She need make no declaration. Her individuality as an English- woman is sacrificed at the altar where she promises to love, honour and obey—or it may be at the registry, for either contract is held by our law to make her subordinate to the man. The American girl, however, does not lose her birthright in this way. Once an American she is always an American, except she makes specific renunciation. The English- woman on the death of her husband may claim re-naturalisation; but, husband or no husband, the American lady is recognised as a citizen of the United States. The people across the Atlantic are proud of the fact that they do not expatriate their daughters because they have chosen their life companions from another race. The senti- ment sounds very noble, but in practice it does not work very well. What every woman, as well as every man, should be able to claim is the full rights of citizenship of the country in which either i may happen to reside. It s better, if dwelling in Great Britain, to have the full benefits of English laws than to no able to make a futile appeal, as Mrs. Maybrick has done,to the American Embassy. An American woman who had resided twenty years in England, and had complaints to make regarding her treatment, for example, when travel- ling in the Far East, would hardly excite mach enthusiasm enthusiasm for her cause among the Americans ;

and, according to their law, she would have no ground for asking the officials at our Foreign Office to take action on her behalf. She would be far better situated if, by virtue of being the wife of a British citizen, she could demand the aid of the British Government, as a British subject.

Those who have been clamouring for war will be the first to protest against the advance in the price of bread which has followed upon milit try operations. At the corn exchange in Warrington, on Wednesday, there was a substantial rise in the price of wheat, and it is only a natural sequence that we should hear there has been an advance in the price of flour. The Master Bakers' Association has now decidell to increase the quartern loaf by one half-penny. Small as the advance is, it will be felt in many homes of the poor. The far reach- ing effect of war is thus experienced in places where the pinch of poverty is most acutely felt and it would be well if fomentors of war would think a little more of these things in the future.

We thought it would be strange if some of the irresponsible members of the Conservative party did not " have a slap" at Alderman Roberts and his forthcoming election to the Mayoralty. It turns out that we were right in our conjecture for at a meeting of the Council of tho Warrington Conservative Association last week a few mem- bers contrived to get rid of some of their spleen. One gentleman credited Alderman Roberts with an intention to murder—what ?—why, nothing more valuable than" every virtue of Conservative principles." We fear that the Alderman would have a greater difficulty in discovering the said virtues than in murdering them afterward*. Another individual believed "that the dignity of the town could not be safely entrusted in the hands of Alderman Roberts," and went on to accuse the Mayor-elect of being ad- dicted to the use of language more suited to Billingsgate than polite society. This gentleman need not fear for the dignity of the town any more than his brother speaker need be alarmed about the safety of the " virtues of Conservative principles." Experience has shown that the dignity of the town is not easily lowered, and if Alderman Roberts cannot uphold it as ably as some of his predecessors have done,well ! we are sorry for the dignity. Really, these remarks emanating from obscure and irresponsible units of Conservatism were not worth noticing, but for the fact that they do possess the small merit of being funny.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

INJURIES TO I MARE AT FRODSHAM. At the Runcora County Court, on Tuesday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffeulkee and a jury, an interest- ing case was heard in which James Andrews, farmer. of Mickledale, Frodsham, sued Alexaader Bate, farrier, also of Frodsham, for £l6 18s. 61. in respect to injuries caused to a mare of his by the defendant's hors—Mr. Pugh, barrister, instructed by Messrs. Linaker and Linaker, solicitors, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Greer, barrister, instructed by dr. Joseph Burton, solicitor, appeared for the defendant. In opening the case, Mr. Pugh stated the facts to be, that Mr. Andrews was a farmer at Frodsham, and Mr. Bate was a farrier of the same place. Complainant ha put a pony mare in his field, which he had purchased some twelve months previously. On the 4th of Septem- ber he went to the Marsh for the purpose of getting the pony to do some work and then found that a chestnut stallion belonging to the defendant was there and subse- quent examination of the mare disclosed the fact that it had been seriously injured by the horse,and it was upon the extent of those damages that the claim was based. James Andrews, of Mickledale Farm, Froisham, bore out the barrister's statement. He found the pony to be suffering from kicks on the near heck ; the near shin bone ; both her heels were trodden and crushed, and she was kicked on the off hind shin and the right elbew. He had been unable to work the pony since. On the sth of September he wrote to Mr. Rate about the pony and on the following day whilst he was at a blacksmiths in Overton getting a horse shod, he met Mr. Bate and had a conversation with him. Mr. Bate said whatever damage had been done ke would pay for. Witness valued the pony be- fore the accident at £l2 and had an offer for its pur- chase of £lO, He did not thank she would fete", £5 if sold at present, and he entertained no hope of her ' recovery.—Cross-examined by Mr. Greer : He did not think it was unreasonable to spend all the money he did upon the pony, he felt it was his duty to try and doctor it and get it better. John William Bate, veterinary surgeon. M.R.O Y.S., said he was calied in to see the plaintiff's pony. He had the pony taken out and found a lacerated wound about 1i inches on the left off shoulder. Three wounds on the off hind shank bone; two wounds on the near shank bone of the hind leg; a lacerated wound on the near off; and the heels of the near hind leg crushed off ; also, the heels of the off hind leg were bruised, and the animal was stiff in both hind lees and the off fore log. Ile attended the hrse up to October 4th and had been paid his bill £4 2e. 6d- John Davies. farmer, Aston, said he had seen the pony on tha Bth of September. At the time he saw the pony he valued it at £5. If there had been no wsunds, and it had been safe and quiet in harness it would be worth £lO. Harry Hutchinson, farmsr,of Frolshans. said he knew the grey mare belonging to Andrews. He should say, it was worth £lO before the accident for the work it was doing. After the accident it would be depreciated by one half its value. Joseph Ellison, Frodsham, a mineral water manufac- turer, said the pony had deteriorated in value through the accident £5 or £6. Richard Oultrarn, horse and cattle dealer, Frodsham, said on the 4th of July he offered Andrews £9 for the horse, but he refused, and would take no less than tl2. Wilfred Shallcross, cattle dealer, said he too offered £8 1.0 for the animal on the 26th of April. Frederick Houghton, blacksmith, testified to over- hearing the c,onvfirsation between defendant and plaintiff. He heard Mr. Bate say he would pay for whatever damage the mare had sustained. This ended the ease for plaintiff. Alexander Bate,of Frodsham,the defendast,said he was a farrier, and it would be impossible for the horse to get across from his field into the complainant's. He did not hear of the pony being in the field until his boy came back and told him about it. He asked Andrews whether much ailed the pony, and he said there were a few scratches on the leg. Witness also offered him at a subsequent interview a bottle of lotion, and said he could have the choice of two ponies until his own got better. Witness went down to Andrews place and saw the pony. It was in poor condition, and one could count all its ribs. He examined it and there was not a cut that could be seen. There were bruises or scratches on the animal in the positions as the plaintiff had stated, but not one of them had briren the skin. He did not agree with the mode of treatment and had offered Andrews to take the animal and doctor it ; lend him one of his ponies while he was doing so; and also he had asked that the animal he sold to him. Andrew; would do neither, but said he had "got him under finger and thumb and as he (Bate) was fond of law he should have plenty." Rate's further evidence was a direct contra- diction of the plaintiff's resneeting the conversations. The horse was worth abeu: £4 or £5 and at the outside £6 would be a capital price for any Iceland or foreign peny. He was of the opinion that a half-sovereign woald have covered the injaries.—Cross-examined by Mr. Pugh: His wire did suggest that the matter be re- ferred to Mr. Yarwood for arbitration, but the matter fell through because Andrews wanted the Veterinary Surgeon in the arbitration. Robert Clowes Edwards, M.R.C.V.S., of 5, Newgate- street, Chester, said he went in company with the de- fendant and examined the mare in the presence of plain- tiff. The general condition of the /mimel was poor, and he would say that it was so apart from the fact that it was under treatment- There were kicks and bruises upon the animal as far as he could remember, but noth- ing serious, lie was of the opinion that the animal should have been fit for work in a fortnight. It was simply a matter for a little lotion and a little patience. Francis William Cosgra.ve, M.R.C.V.S., practising at Neston, stated he examined the mare on the 23rd of October, and found nothing whatever the matter with it. It was worth about £7, which was a capital price. George Yarwoed, farmer, Sutton Weaver. sid he was the Yarwood esiled upon to arbitrate, and considered at that time—the 20:h of September, that £3 would be ample damages. Counsel having addressed the jury His Honour summed up. The jury found for the plaintiff.after a brief retirement for £lO. His Honour entered judgment accordingly.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
By 3.17% JOHN' MAGINN.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. SIX DAYS SALE of FURNITURE BY AUCTION. On NOVEMBER Bth. 9th. 11th 13th. 14th and. 15th, 1899, at 85 and 114, BRIDGR-STREET. WARRINaTON. Owytto To GIVING UP HIS PRESENT PREMISES IN BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. -11 TR JOHN MAGINN will SELL by AUCTION on the above dates his entire Stoak of Household Furni- ture , Carpets, Bedsteads, Betiding, Ironmongery, and Hard- ware. Sale to commene•s, each day at 2 and 7 o'clock p.m. For full particulars see catalogues or the Warr:rigton " Examiner," November 4th. 1899. For catalnues apply to JOHN MAGINN. AUCTIONEER BRIDGE-STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899

RUNCORN NOTES,

[By A CORRESPOIIDENT.I As anticipated the powers that be upon the Run- corn School Bard adhered to established precedent, and in succession to the Rev. H. B. Gore (resigned) co-opted his successor to the St. Edward's Mission —the Rev Joseph Chambers—to the vacancy. The matter was virtually agreed upon by the whole Board, yet it is interesting to note that Mr. F. J. Norman was not present. This might be a gentle protest, for I know he has an objection to clericals of any kind acting outside the cloth.

Farther interesting news is that affecting the salt industry of Cheshire, Worcestershire, Stafford- shire, and Lancashire. I understand an important meeting of the Investigation Committee appointed by the salt manufacturers ef the Kingdom to formu- late a combination scheme was held at Northwich on Wednesday. The committee appointed as chair- man Mr. Thomas Wood, managing director of the Salt Union, and as vice-chairman Mr. Howitt, managing director of Messrs. Bowman, Thompson, and Company. The committee, lam informed, practically accomplished the formation of the com- bination, which is intended to receive the stability of prices and promote the interests of the trade generally, and that the terms of the amalgamation were almost agreed upon.—No doabt,the result will be beneficial all round, but it is certain that its advent will be welcomed in Runcorn and especially at Weston Point where the Salt Union Works are situate.

The recent stack tire at Halton has given us a very striking illustration of the inadequacy of the Runcorn Fire Brigade appliances to cope with a fire of any serious dimensions, in a place where there is no assistance to be olatained from a gravi- tated water supply, and we should profit by the illustration, by as early as opportune replacing the somewhat out-of-date"manuarby a more up-to-date "steamer." The Fire Brigade would then be bettor equipped for their work and much more fitted to contest a conflagration should one break 0-it in the higher portion of the town; especially in that part where the pressure in the mains is weakest.

There is a markel revival in the chemical trade in Mid-Cheshire, and the demands from markets in all parts of the world are reported to be greater than for twelve months past Upwards of seventy fresh hands have been taken on by Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Co., at their Winningtoa (Northwich) works alone. Runcorn and Widnes also show signs of a marked improvement, and the indications all round point to an exceedingly busy winter.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SEVEN DAYS FOR BEGGING. J4hn Smith, of no settled abode, was on Saturday morning.„brought up before Mr. F. Wiswall, at Runcorn, and c)mmitted to prison for seven days on a charge of begging in Bridge-street.--the case was prove' by Con- sable Harry Fry. THE CLEANING OF THE PARISH CHURCH. "

A four days bazaar, prom-ted with the primary object of raiing funds for the cleanin-; and renovating of the Runcorn Parish Church, was opened ht the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday alternoon. The opening cere- mony was to have ben performed by Colonel Sir David Gamble, Bart, C.B. of S. Helens, but owing to the lamentable death of his wife last Monday,he was obliged to cancel the engagement. CIRCUIT SUNDAY SCifOOL CONVENTION. -

On Sunday the Rev.Rotert Culley,ConneKional Sunday Schol secretary, preached two sermons in the Victoria- road Wesleyan Chapel, and in the afternoon conducted a United Sunday School service. Oa Monday evening a convention of the Wesleyan Sunday schools, in the Widnes circuit was held. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. T. Dodd. Addresses were given by the Rev. Robert Colley, G. B. Limb, and 11.1Barraclough. HALF-HOUR LECTURE AT WIDNES. On Friday evening the second of the series of half- hour lectures was hold in the lecture theatre of the Widnes Technical Institute. Cnincillor Laws presided, and there were also present on the platform Councillor Norris, Atessrs. Lancaster (librarian, St. Eleens), J. D. Brooks,J. D Jones (Runcorn librarian),and Mi-s Proctor (librarian). Mr. Liucaster was the lecturer and his sub- ject was" John Ruskin's Sesame and Lilies."

===== 0002601_18991027_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MILTON P.S.A., WIDNES.

There was only a moderate attendance at this meeting on Sunday afternoon,when the President again occupied the chair. Miss Hague sang very sweetly "He wipes the tear from every eye." and " I have found a friend," arid received hearty approbation.—The speaker, Mr. Balmer, gave a good practical address on" Moral agency of men," and said that moral actions were not only capable of teing performed but of utmost impart- an,e in the lives of men. He urged his hearers to live nobler and purer lives which would emable them to prove more than conquerors through their Saviour Jesus Christ.

WINDOW SIAASHINe AT RUNCORN.

Before Mr. U. L. D twee, at the Runcorn Pone', Court, last Ishursdai, George Woodfine,UJoper-street, adinittad being drunk and disorderly the previous nitht.—P.O. Wilding said the man had broken a couple of windows in Cooper-street, and he had to chase him through a number of streets before he effected his capture.—Super- intendent D. Pears,sn said there had been a deal of window Em ,thing,, in Higher Runcorn,hut they had been unable to find the culprits.—Fined ss. and Us. costs.— Jane Alexander, a tramp, for being drunk and threaten- ing to srn ssh the windows of the Police Station the pre- vious evening was fined ss. or 7 days. CONCERT AT TEIE MERSEY MISSION. " • •

The second Concert of the seasoc, was given at the above place, en Tuesday,by Miss Garvie's concert party. Mr. W. Snaw, missionary, presided over a large attend- ance of masters and seamen, and an excellent pro- gramme was submitted Miss Garvin's party included: Miss Fermon, Jones Rutter, Treadwell. Copper, and Shaw, and Messrs. I;atter and Th irne, all of whom accounted for the-nselves ably. A vote of thanks was conveyed to Miss Garvie and her party on the motion of Captain Salt, secondel by Captain Tucker.

• THE LATE GENERAL SYMONS AND HIS CONE ECTION , WITH RUNCORN. Many of our readers will is surprised and interested to learn that the family history of this gallant officer who has died of his wounds in Natal, was closely couaected with Runcorn ,as his great grandfather,Nicholas Symons, was drowned at Runc)rn Ferry on the Mersey in 1802 Nicholas Symons for many years went under the name of Nicholas Sher wood, and it was only at his death that his true relationship to the Cornwall family of the Symons of Hatt was disc-were]. His scn then laid claim to the Symms estate aa,!. su7ce.ding in proving, his title t) it. From the son of N cholas Syrnsins the pr-merty passed Co another William Sym4ns. who died in 1883, and then descended to William Pena Symms, the hero of Glencoe,

... . ... INTECEtESTING PRESMNTATION AT RIIIIC3RN.

At a socAl gat wig of the workers in connection with the Mersey M•ssion, held at that place on Mond ty night, M. W. Shaw delivered an interesting address thanking all for their co-operation in the past, and rn +loping out the work for the coming winter.—Then fol- lowed a couple of presentations, made, in accordance with usual custom, upon the marriage of any of their number. The presentations were made, on behalf of the workers present, by Miss Bowyer and Mrs. R. Shaw, and consisted of two beautiful eight day clocks, tue recipients being Mrs. J. Price, and Mr. T. Wood, both of whom fittingly resoonded.—Deep regret was expressed at the death of Mr. Bert Allan, St. Helens, who for many years had been a fellow-worker at the mission with many present, and it was decided to fo^ward a beautiful artificial wreath as a memento of his wurtu, and also a letter of condolence to hie sorrowing psrents in their bereavement.

ALARMINA ACCIDENT TO A WESTON POINT MAN.

John Dunbavin, of Weston Point. met with a peculiar though alarming accident last Saturday afternoon. He was a. listing at I sading and filling 8 virol carhoids at the Weston Chemical Works, of the U.A.C. Limited. Tao liquid was being run off int* the carboids and those were bAng loaded into a flat. Whilst assisting in the removal of a pine he walked backwards and one of his legs went through one of the cistern holes into tbe vitro'. He snatched it out and in doing so pitched him- self into the canal and so undoubtealy saved his leg, for when he was fished out of the canal his trousers from the knee down fell off. His boot and sock was rri. moved and he PIS taken to the office of the works where Mr. James Tudor dressed the badly burnt limb with nil and subsequently he was medically attended by Dr. McLennan, Runcorn. WIDNES MUNICIPAL ELIICTIONS.

The municipal elections have passed over very quietly in Widnes. There was one vacancy to be filled in each of the six wards. It avaa not expected that there would be contests in five of the wards, but as a new candidate had come forward in Victoria Ward, in the person of Mr. Thomas Atherton, coal merchant, Lacey-street, a fight was anticipated there, but when the nominations closed in the afternoon it was found that the retiring member, Councillor C Flynn, had vacated the field. The retiring members fir the other wards were all re-elected without opposition, the full list of candidates being :—Farn worth Ward, Councillor T Shuttleworth ; Flatten Ward, Councillor J Midwood ; Simms' Cross Ward,Councillor Owens; Victoria Ward, Mr Thomas Atherton ; Waterloo Ward, Councillor T Carney ; and West Bank Ward,Couacillor H A Richards.

RUNCORN HARILIERS.-1 CAPITAL RACE.

The fixture for last Saturday in connection with the above club was Captain V. Sub• Captain. The! hares (Messrs. Jones and Shallcross) laid a trai over a course ef about eight miles in the neighbourhood of Froishara and Sutton, and then to Hatton, when all the runners lined up for a mile break, for which Mr. W. Thomas gave a medal for first man home. An exciting race was witnessed for the finish, resulting in a dead heat bet wean J. Cadman, of the sub-captain's side, and R. Hadfield, the captain's first representative. The following was the order of finishing :—Captain's team : R Hadfield, dead heat for first; W Thomas, 4: F Davies, 6; S Clarke, 7. Sub- Captain's team, J. Cadman, dead heat:ifor first; S. Hopkins, 2; W Ray, 3; J Goodall. 5 ; being a win for the sub-captain's team by seven points. Next Satur- day's fixture is Farn worth Harriers, away, when a pod run for points is anticipated.

AN AMERICAN IN TROUBLE AT WIDNES.

At Widnes, on Monday, Edward Kyle, a Chicago man, was charged with being on the premises of Horatio Syred, pawnbroker, Waterloo-road, at 1.30 a.m. on Saturday. Cyrus Syred, prosecutor's sun, said he was asleep in the back bedroom. About half-pait one he heard footsteps. Witness listeued for some time, and he heard footfalls in the upper rooms. He raised the alarm, and Police-constable Turner, who was at hand, searched the premit.s with witness, but could not find anyone inside. On looking about the outside of the premises they found prisoner behind the signboard in a crouch- ine position. He was asked to come down and be came. —Mr. Syred said that in his opinion the man had got down the chimney. This, however, proved to be not correct, as there was no indication of anything being disturbed. On a further search being made,a small bar of iron was found.—Prisoner, in defence, pleaded being drunk, and that he was in search of a place to sleep. He was a seaman, and had spent all his money carelessly in Liverpool. The Bench as a warning to him as to his behaviour and as a protection to the public, sent him to prison for two months' hard labour. THREE MEN INJURED BY A RUNAWAY HORSE.

Shoqly after noon on Monday last, Mr. William Dun- bavin, farmer, Old Hall, Weston, was driving a cart load of vegetables from some land by the new works, in c-mpanv with his brother John. They had a young horse wlfch they had only just started to break-in in the leading chains, and a steadier one in the shafte. They stopped to rest awhile before ascending the hill in Banke's-lane, and whilst there a " pot-cart "from Run- corn pa,.siag at a trot Caused the young animal to bolt like a mad thing. The result was it threw itself down and caused the other horse to fall on top of it. Mr. William Dunba,vin was thrown by the horse, and his brother John, describing the affair, stated he hardly knew where he get to. Both, however, sustained severe injuries. William Dunbavin having his collar-bone on the right side fractured, and his brother having his right shoulder dislocated. An old man named William Pownall, a boiler-maker at the new works, who was on the way to his dinner went to the assistance of the Dunbavine, but he too was injured by the struggling horse, and sustained a fractured rib and collar bone. Yoang Mr. Bankes, of Weston, on becoming acquainted of the accident, at once rode to Runcorn for medical assistance and Drs. McLennan and Robinson were en the scone of the disaster, in about half an hour after its occurrence. The injured men are now all progressing as well as can be expected.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
IiCCIDENT AT WIDNES.

On Monday, Thomas Tighe, aged 42 years, 45, War- rington-road, was admitted to the Accident Hospital suffering from a fractured left fore-arm and shoulder caused by a fall downstairs. His injuries were attended to by Dr. Donnelly, and he was detained as an pa- patient.

BRUNNER, MOND, AND CO.'S DIVIDEND. On Welnesday, at Winnington 11t11, INsrthwich, Sir John Brunner, M.P., presided over the half-yearly meet- ing of the directors of Brunner, Mond, and Ch.,chernical manufacturers, Winkineton, Nor dawieh, Sandbaola, Middlewich, Silvertown, itc. It was decided to declare an interim dividend at the rate of 30 per cent. per annum on the ordinary shares for the hilf-year ending September, heing an increase of 10 per cent. on the cor- responding period of list year. They also passed a dividend of 7 per cent. on the preference shares.

VESTRY MEETING AT RUNCORN.

At noon on Thursday,the Rev. Canon Al sitland Waod, (vicar of Runcorn), presided over a well attended Vestry meeting, whiei approved of plans for cerzain alteratirms to churches in the parish. It was decided to open three lancet windows, two in the South-wall, and one in the North-wall of the chancel of the Parish uhurch, and to substitute for the present oak communion rails, new rails in alabaster, and to insert groved panels in the pul- pit in lieu of the present plain panels. It was also decided to place stained glass in the eastern light of a window in the North-side of the Nave of the Cl:lurch of S. John the Evangelist, at Weston. CHARGES AGAINST A PUBLICAN AT WIDNES.—A Mn,-

===== 0002601_18991027_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
.NIGHT GAME OF NAP.

At Widnes, yesterday, Arthur Smith, licensee of the New Inn, Ditten,was sumrnonei for permitting gaming on his licensed premises. He was further summoned for allowing persons on his licensed premises during pro- hibited hours ; sled for refusing to admit the police. The bench considered that gaming had been permitted, and fined the defendant 403. and costs. Toe charge of selling drink they did not think had been proved, and that charge was dismissed. Oa the third cunt a fine of 20s and costs was imposed. Four man named Dunn, Wright, Campion, and Steven- son then pleaded guilty to having been on licensed premises daring prohibited hours, and were each fined.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING STACK FIR.

The Runcorn fire briga.ds was summoned to an out- break of fire, on the farm of M. Alfred Grice, Halton Lldge, about five o'clock on Tuesday. On arriving there it was found that an untbrashed stack of wheat, of about £2OO value, was on fire in the centre of about twenty other stacks of farm produce. The brigade which was accomeanied by Police-Superintendent Pearsoa, and Superintendent Wright, proved inadequate to cope with the flames, and beta Superintend-ate returned to Run- corn, and telephoned for the Wilderspool steam fire. engine (Warrington). This arrived on the scene shortly after eight, but even then the efforts of b3th brigades had to be c3nfiaed to preventing the spread of the fire, Operations were kept up all the night through, and it was not until 7 o'clock the f3llowing morning that the Wilderepool Brigade were able to leave. The Runcorn Brigade returned at about 11. o'clock, at which time the fire was spent, and everything rendered safe.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN EVENING SCTIOOLS.

PRIZE DISIRIBUTION.

The prizes were distributed in connection with the Evening Continuation Classes, at the Victoria-road Schools on Monday evening last, by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood (cairrnen of the Runcorn School Board) who was supported by the Rev. Joseph Onarnbers, Mr. William Handles', Mr. A. Lightbarn (assistant clerk to the School Board), Mr. J. F. Moulton (head master),Miss Kilburn (bead mistress),and other members ef the teach- ing staff. Mr. Mculton, the head master, presented the annual report. During the last session of the evening schools the numbers on the rolls were :-80 girls' and 90 boys. Tee average attendance for the year of those qualified to earn grants was—boys' department 46, girls' depart- ment 44. The full grant in both departments was awarded by the inspe tor for each subject, the total grant being—boys, £56 12s 61; girls £4O 103 ; total £97 2e 6d. Owing to what was known as the 17s 6d iinel in the Evening Schools Cede, the full grant was not paid by the Department. There was a reduction under article 17a of £lB 7s 6d Toe Inspector (Mr. Ballance), who visited the school five or six times during the session,reported as f ellows : —Boys' Department :—" This is a well taught scheel." Girls' Department : " Tnis school continues to do well. The lessons given in science of common things are par- ticularly good." Thera was no annual examination by the inspostor. Examinations were held unier the aus- pices of the Union of the Lancashire and Cheshire Insti- tutes, and during the last ses,ion 118 pupils presented themselves for examination. In the result 15 were awarded first Class certificates, 43 second class and 48 third class. He thought in an examination of that kind tho pupils who had the courage te compete for the cer- tificates had done very creditably. (Applause.) The Rev. Canon Wood said it was a very pleasant thing to corase there and distribute the prizss that night as requested by the Board at their last meeting. He had a great opinion of the value of seek continuation classes in the work of education genezelly. These night schools had a special function to perform in the work of education. They were intermediate between the elementary school and the technicel school. Ho would like everybody to remember that these particular night classes were intended to carry on education further tkan is esuld be carried on in the ordinary day school. A. boy who left the day school at 13, or a girl who left it perhaps earlier, could not he considered to be thoroughly educated. He (the vicar) stayed at school lentil he was In years of age ; and he did not feel that he was at all thoroughly educated yet. He had been learning all his life, and he hoped that the boys and girls present would never consider their education cemolete at 13. It was only jest beginnine, as a matter of fact. These classes ought to be a sort of stepping stone from the one stage to the other, and in that way they held a very important position in the general scheme of the education of the people of the country. Refer- ring to the class for men recently established, the Vicar said Mr. Moulton's mind Was very much set upon the success of that particular class, and he was very glad to see that he had got a certain number together, and that they were really settling down and learning in earnest. He was pleased to hear that the class had in- creased in numbers very mush, and he was particularly glad to hear that one of his (the vicar's) own men was amongst them. He thought these who received prizes would understand that they were given first of all in recoenHon of their own particular efforts, and se- condly because those who provided the prizes wi4hed to express their interest in the work that was being so well carried on by Mr. Mouton, Miss Kilbure, and the staff. (Applause.) Canon Wood then distributed the prizes and certifi- cates in the following order : GIRLS' DEPARTAIMIT.

First class prizes.—J Britland, E Lunt, H Wood, A Andrews, F Douglas, F Lunt, M Dean, M Lewis, A Burrow. Second class prizes : A Bowinsn, E Worrall, C Williams, V Buxton, L Mellor, M Holt, C Hill, E Baxtor, E Ray. Third class priz-s : L Bradshaw, E Santley, E Taylor, A Siandbach, B Barnes, M Clarke, S ?otter, M Williams, C Owen, F Edwards, K Whyte, E Kirkham. Certificates welt in the examination held by the Lancashire and Cheshire Union of Institutes. Elementary arithmetic first class certificates : Britland, A Andrews, E Ray, F Edwards, K Williams. Second class: F Doagias, V Buxton, M dolt, E Baxter, E Santley, E Taylor, A Sandback, M Cornes, N Ellison, E Rowe, L Jones, F Garner, ad S Buckle. Commercial handwrit- ing, second class : V Buxton, K Williams. Third class: J Britlaad, A Andrews, E Lunt, F Douelas, H Wood, M Dean, F Lunt, M Lewis, A Burrows, E Worrall, C Wil- liams, M Holt, C Hill, E Baxter. E Santley. E Taylor A Sandbach, B Barnes, F Edwards, K Whyte, E Kirkham, M Cornea, F Garner, M Joyn- son, L Klarsley, E Mort, E Lunt, E Spencer,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MALE DEPARTMENT.

First class: F Page. H Bell, J Sayle, F Bradshaw, T Clare, El Grubb, J W Farrell, A Carter, W H Harvey, NJones, L Watson. W Johnson, G Bushell. q Houghton. Second class: J H Suett, R J Corns, D Chadwick, J Hewitt, D Burton, W Griffiths, J Han:Neon. Third alas: H Lea, T W Carroll, A Brazenclale, J Hudson, A L Jackson, W H Broughton, %V Ravenscroft, W Hough, R Wainwright, G H Potts, A Barnes, M Jones. The following pupils gained certificates awarded by the Lan- cashire and Cheshire Union of Institutes :—Elernentary arithmetic, first class :—G Bushell. T Carroll, J W Farrell, W H Harvey, N Jones, F Page, G L Robinson. R Wainwright, L Watson. Second class : H Bell, F Braishaw, A Brazendale, A Carter, D Chadwick, T Clare, F 1 J Cornea, T Dutton. W Ford, A Fox, H Gleave, W Gleave, H Grubb, J Hambleton, J Hewitt, W Hough, J Sayle,Fl J Suett, W Woodward. Commercial arithmetic : G Bushell, J W Farrell, N Jones, G L Robinson, J Sayle, R Wainwright. Handwriting, second class : N Jones, H J Suett, Wainwright, 1, Watson. Handwriting, third class pass: H Bell, F Bradshaw, A Brazendale, D Burton, T Carroll, A Carter. D Chadwick, T Clare, J Cottriall, G Curzon, W Ford, H Grubb. J Hambleton, W H Harvey, J Hewitt, H Lea, G L Robinson, J Sayle. W Woodward. Mr. W. Handley proposed a vote of thanks to Canon Wood for distributing the prizes and for the excellent practical address he had given them.—Mr. Moulton seconded and the vote was heartily accorded. The Vicar replied, and the proceedings terminated. Mr. Cragg, of the teachinc, staff, subsequently gave a very instructive lecture on " South Africa," illustrated with limelight views. These contained, among other pictures, types of the British army, which proved to be of absorbing interest to all present.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTuN M ARK ETS.

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday wheat fetched 43 and 4s Id per bushel, oats, 2s 41-d. Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b., 20s. Bran, is H pr 201 b. At the Provision Niarket prices were as follows :—Fresh butter, is 3d and Is 4d per lb ; cheese, Gd to 84 per lb. ; fresh eggs, 6 and 7 for Is, fowls, 43 6d to 5 Gil per couple ; English beef, 4d to 94 ; mutton 6i to 10i ; veal, 7d to 10d ; pork Gd to Bd.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
a.memalmmillilmmomMl RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnilhtly meeting of guardians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. In the absence of the chairman Mr. S. Woodward was voted to the chair. There were present :—Messrs S Taylor, A R Norman, J Meadowcroft, T Reynolds, thP membQrs of the Rural District Council with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk) and W E Hough (assistant clerk). RATE OF PAUPER MAINTENANCE.

Mr. Alexandra Hornby, clerk of the Chester Asylum wrote, ,nder date 17:h Octob3r, as follows :--" I beg leave to inform you that at a meeting of the Committee of Visitors, the ra'a of maintenance of paaper lunatics in this asylum for the quarter ending 30:11 December next, wag fixed at 73 7d per head per week." Mr. flornby also wrote stating that two patients from Run- corn Union had been discharged cured.

ILLNESS OF MR. WEIR.

Mr. Weir of Lower Walton, near Warrington, wrote a 3 follows to the Chairman of tne Council :—" Dear sir, —My father wish's me to ask if you would pl.ase con- vey to tbe members of the Council his hsartfelt thanks for the very kind resolution he received from the Bo tri. lam sorry to sity that there is no improvement in his health at present."

BOYS CARETAKER AND INDUSTRIAL TRAINER.-NIEW APPOINTMENTS.

The Muter reported that the House Committee recom- mended that John Ranerts be appointed boys caretaker at a salary of £25 pr aneum rising to £27 10s. in three months and to £3O in twelve months. rney also re- commended that Mrs. Hayes, of Stockton Heath be ap- pointed girls industrial trainer at a salary of £25 per annum. There were 36 applications for the past of boys: caretaker. Mr. Norman, Chairman oE the House Committee obieryed that in making tnis recommendation, the com- mittee were effe3ting• a saving of about £lO a year. It showed that tne cammittee were trying to k4ep down the expeasea. He moved that the recontmendatians of the committee be adopted. This was seconded and carried. A MISSION AT THE WORKHOUSE.

The Master reported that Captaim Ranson, of the Caurch Array, corrimenc,d a four days' mission at the Workhouse, on the 14'-,h inst. Etch day the captain visited the hospital and the vaious wards, aad hig kindly talk and advice had been received in an apprecia- tive manner. The mission had been very successful, and thanks to Captaia Hanson's tact and courtesy, the preceedings had not interred in the slightest degree with the discipline or ordinary routine duties of the house.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A SREMCE OF SONG FOR TIE INNIATRS.

The Master also reported that de choir from Mill Brow School, Runcorn gave a servic of son; to the in- mates in the chapel on the Elet inst. It was decided that a vote of thanks be accorded to the choir for their kindnese.

The L +dies V siting Committee reported that they had made an invention of the nen ;a and found everything satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
DEA.TH OF A. WELL-KNOWN RUNCORNIAN.

IMPOSING FUNERAL CEREMONY.

Many residents in Runcorn and district will deeply regret to hear of the deata of Mr. William Martin Williams' who formerly carried on business in Runcorn, and who died at his late residence 15, Upper Warwick- , street, Liverpool, on Monday last. Possessed of a mag- nificent physique and genial bearing, be (Iv his kindly and generous disposition and sterling integrity) endeared himself to all with whom he came into contact; and this was fully emphasised by the many inquiries as to his condition made during his last illness by his almost innumerable friends. Fee many years he bad been arm- Elected with the Bth L.A.V. as Battery Sergeant-Major, and had the honour of being instrumental in winning many valuable prizes at Sleoeburyness and elsewhere; his strict attention to duty earning him the goodwill and esteem of hi a superior officers, fellow " non-come," and members of the corps. lie was also a loyal if un- ostentatious member of the Ancient Order of Freemasons (" Lodge of Harmony," 935, Salford) and the Craft was represented at the funeral by Bras. William McLachlan, P.M., 241. P. P.G.S. rif W.; Si'. H. Church (249), T. Sewn (580). Watsod Dodd k 1756), Ex., &c. His last ill- ness (which WM; of a painful n +tare) was borne with characteristic fortitude ; but despite the most careful attention of his doctor, and the assiduous nursing ef his devoted wife, he passed away as abeve at the early age of 43. Tll5 principal mourners at the funeral (wtsich teok place at Toxteth Cemetery on Thursday morning) were Mrs. Williams (widow), Masters William and Joseph (sons): Misses Ciasie, Elith, and Florrie (daugh- ters); Mrs Williams (mother), Mr Joseph Williams (brother) ; Misses W E Williams and B Millington (neices) ; Mrs Healy (aunt) ; Messrs. T and J Pemberton (brothers-in-law).; Mr Kewn (brother-in-law). Mr and Mrs Hocguard ; Mrs and Miss Davies; Messrs. W H Church, J Dobson, W Dodd, Walter Imes, J Besittie,and S Boyle. Representing the Bth L. A.V. were Sergeant- Majars Kearney, Gallagher, Sanderson, and Smythe ; Sergeant Rogers and other members of the corps ; while amongst the large general body of mourners were Messrs. T Gardner, T la Wyall, and W MeL %chime (representing the executors of H Junin Ltd.), W M'Grae, G Carpenter, W Clank, F Saxbv, J Hughes, T Burgess, W A. Clough ; Mr and iiirs H M Gray, Mr and Mrs J A Porter, G Bliss. EJones, &c., &. The coffin which was of a peli shed oak with heavy brass mountings was covered with floral emblems of esteem from :—"His loving wife and , family"; Mr and Mrs NV H Ceurch "With regret from a I few friends," Mr and Mrs Dodd, Mr and Mrs Hales, K Kiernan, Ex., k.e. The funeral service was impressively conducted by the Rev. E Underhill,M.A. of St. Thomas' Church, Tox•eh; and tim well known firm of T Porter and Sons satisfactorily carried out all the funeral arrangements.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
W ESTON.

PARISIIE COUNCIL—A meeting of the Parish Counci was held in the Weston Point School on Friday even- ing, the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood in the chair. There were also present : Messrs Allen, Savage, Garner, Griffiths, and James Collier (clerk).—The Clerk read a letter he had received from Mr. C. L. Evans, agent to Major Orred, in reply to a communication (as autho- rised by the Council) calling Mr. Evans's attention to the dangerous state of the railings round the Common Pit. Mr. Evans replied thus : "If your Council are of opinion that it i 3 important to fence the pit round I am willing t,) fence Maj)r Orred's portion if the Runcorn Commissioners will fence their side. It is no use to do one without the other."—After some discussion it was decided that the clerk be requested to reply to the effect that in the judgment of the Council there is a wide difference between allowing a fence to decay which pro- tects vehicles on the high road, and asking authority to fence a pond from common-land.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO RHEUMATIC AND PARALYTIC

SUFFERERS, an -Illustrated Book on the complete home Cure of these Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole, M.D., who regards the an-bor as the highest authority. send stamp for book to the VESO INSTITUTE, IS, Devonshire-street, Man- chtster.

HOMOCEA FOR THE BATTLE-FIELD.

NOTICE.

FOR WOUNDS, Cuts, Bruises, Broken Skin, Sore Places, generally, use Homocea often, and plenty of it.

INFANTRY need Homocea for anointing the feet on the march, and for sores caused by chafing accoutrements.

CAVALRY need Flomocea for troubles caused by rough riding, damp saddles, etc., and especially for piles.

SEE THAT NO FRIEND goes to the front without Homoeea. What else can they rely on to touch the spot "and soothe the aching part" ?

RUNCORIT RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr J Knowles presiding_ There were also present :—Messrs 4 Greenway, Joseph Bolshaw, A H Talbot, E Clarke, J Mclntyre, J Whitlow, T Baxter, J G Kydd,C E Linaker, T Lewis, W Bradford, T Wright, S Woadward, S Horton, J Edwards, E Leather, J B Chadwick, T Amtwiss, Admiral Jones Parry, to- gether with Messrs G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assietant clerk), James Farrington (inspector), W Diggle and J Swinton (surveyors), and Dr Adams (medical officer.)

TROOPS FOR THE TRANSVAAL should WITHOUT FAIL be provided with Homocea, as there is nothing more soothing or beating known.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
HBLSBY SEWAGE SCHEME.

At a meeting ot the fleshy Parochial Committee, Mr: James Taylor presiiing, the Clerk read a letter from Mr. Radford, with reference to the Helsby sewage. After some discussion it was resolved that the Clerk approach the respective owners of tke fields marked 247. 279. 280, 281, 282, 283, 234, and 289 on the ordnance map for the parish of Helsby with a view to ascertaining at what price they would be willing to sell, per four to five acres, of a portion of such land, and giving the District Council an option thereon for i.ne year, Resolved also that the Clerk write to Mr. Radford informing him what was being done and that the Council do not pro- pose moving further in the matter until a reply had been received from the Local Government Board. The minutes of the committee were confirmed. THE HOSPITAL ACCOMMODATION. REGRET OF THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD.

Mr. Noel F. Kershaw, assistant secretary ta the Local Government Board. wrote acknowledging the receipt of the Clerk's letter of the 11th inst., and expressing the regret of the Board that no further Weep were being taken by the Council towards the provision of hospital accommodation for the isolation of cases of infectious disease occurring in the rural district. Mr. Linaker : There are no pains and penalties men- tioned? _ _

The Clerk: I expect it will come if you apply for sanction for nurses or anything of that kind in your dis- trict. They did threaten you before if you will remem- ber.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE OUTBREAK OF MEASLES AT ALVANLEY.

_ The Rev. W E Colgrove, vicar of Alvanley, in refer- ence to the outbreak of measles in the township and the closing of the schools, wrote. on behalf of the managers of Alvanley Schools, and they would, of course, act in accordance with the resolution of the Runcorn Rural Council. . _

The Clerk said he had looked through the education code and could find nothing to support what the Medical Officer said at the lait melting with regard to the:managers. The responsibility for closing them rested on the Medical Officer. _ .

-- The Medical Officer said the minagers were of opinion that they could elose the schools.

DUTTON WATER.-•TEE SUPPLY AT TUNNEL TOP.

Mr. Sydney E Stokes, Clerk to the Dutton Pariih Council, wrote as follows, under date 14th October : "At a meeting of the Dutton Parish Council, the fol- lowing resolution was unanimously gassed :—" That the Clerk be instructed to write to the Rural District Coun- cil of Runcorn asking what steps if any, they had taken towards supplying water to cottages situated at Tunnel Top, Dutton. The Parish Council having then in corres- pondence with your Council re above since September 2nd, 1897, they think it quite time something was done in the matter." The Clerk said the last time the committee were called together was about six weeks ago. but uefo:tunately there was not a querum present, and nothing was done. Since that time there had been no facilities for getting the committee together.

The Chairman What will be done. The Clerk: The committee wdl be called together again when the first opportunity occurs. Itlwas stated that parr, of the property concerned belonged to Mr. Talbot. Mr. Linaker said Mr Talbot was quite anxious to meet the owners of the other property if an equitable scheme could be devised. If an expensive scheme was to be undertaken it would be better for Mr. Talbot to pull the cottages down as the rents were very small.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMPLAINT FROM WARRINGTON.

Mr. Robert Davies, of Birchiale, Stockton Heath, Warrington, wrote as follows :—I be to call your attention to the very indifferent condition of the sower in front of my house known as " Birchdale Sewer." It has never worked satisfactlrily since it wan laid, but I need not go into particulars as your inspector of Nuisances knows all about it, and he will be able to give you a full explanation respecting it. I am given to understand that the sewers in this neighbourhool are now under the care of Mr. Swinton. I should, there- fore, be glad if you will direct him to make an examina- tion of it and report as to its present condition. ' The Inipeetor said the making of this sewer was most seriously scamned when the scheme was carried out. There was only one clerk of works to two gangs of men. They came upon fox bench and the pipet were simply thrown in. The sewer did want attention. Ho had spent about £lO upon it. It was decided that Mr. S minton should examine the sewer and furnish the Council with an estimate of the cost of making it satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW REGULATIONS WITH REFERENCE TO DAIRIES

AND COWSHEDS.

Mr. Mclntyre said the Committee conaidered these regulations about six weeks ago, and they had nothing to do now but to ask the Council to adopt them. He moved that the regulations be adopted by the Council. Mr. Whitlow : What abont 800 cubic feat air space.? Mr. Mclntyre : That des not apply to plople w:aose cows go out. It is confined to shippons in Urban dis- trict's. Mr. Wend ward said they applied to the Lena! Govern- ment Board to allow them to have 450 cubic feet allowed as air space for cattle in thwir district, and they distinctly rmfusecl to grant the the conceision. He thought 800 cubic feet was out of all proportion to the cattle. _ _ . _

Mr. Linak,r suggested that the 800 feet of air space might be reduced to 600. Mr. Wooiward said there would be a diffieulty in obtaining the consent of the Local Government Board to any reduction. Mr. Whitlow thought they ought to have the shippons inspected to see if they were well lighted and ventilated. Mr. Woodward seconded the adoption of the regu- lations, and suggested that a recommendation be added to them to the effect that in the case of new buildings air space of 450 cubic feet be allowed. Mr. Antwiss thought a great improvement might be made in the cattle troughs. He thought the disease might be attributed to the accumulation of filth round the troughs. He pronosid thit a recommendation to that effect be inserted in the regulations. Mr. Whitlow seconded. Eventually thi.s was substi- tuted for an amendment that 450 cubic feet of air space should be required by the regulations. On a vote being taken it was found that there were seven for the amendment and seven against. The amend- ment was supp2rted by the Chairman's casting vote and carried.

Admiral Jones-Parry moved a further amendment that the whole question be deferred for a fortnight: Mr. Linaker seconded, and the proposition was car- ried.

HALTON WATER.

Mr. Wright called attention to the analysis of Dr. Carter Bell uot toing. satisfactory, and propose 1 that samples be taken from the main and after the water entered the reservoir and that such samples be sent to Somerset House for analysis, and that the Urban Coun- cil of Runcorn be apprised of the time when such samples were to be taken. This was seconded and agreed to.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODSHAM.

THE PETTY SESSIONS.—On Wednesday last no magis- trates present at the above sessions were, Messrs Charles Reynolds (chairman), Alfred Thomas. and J Crosland Taylor.—Jehn Wilkinson, Flelsby, was fined 5s for being drunk and disorderly.---Martha Jackson, and Francis Blythe, of Newtown, were summoned by Alice Taylor, a neighbour, for assault on the 21st of October.—lt ap- peared that the three women were sisters and in the course of a family squabble Taylor was hit with ginger beer bottles ; had a portion of her hair pulled out, and For some time was used as a football by her sisters. She resented that kind of treatment and accordingly took out BLlMlllonses against them—Defendant's denied the allegation.—A scene followed in which the three women gave the court an exhibition of their quarrelsome natures.—The Bench decided to bind Jackson and Blythe over in £5 each to keep the peace.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PADG ATE.

WESLEY GUILD.—in. Gil-e—a7.SIPITCe of the Rev. 13 G Roberts, who was to have conducto d a devotional even- ing, a paper on " Nobility of Character " was read by Mr. W A Sandford, of Warrinenn, at Ova first weekly meeting of the Wesley Guild held in the Wesleyan school room on Monday evening. Mr. A Bennett presided, and there was a good attendance. 'fhe character of Daniel was instanced by the speiker as one worthy of emula- tion. Mrs. James Bennett sang the solo, " Remember thy Creator in the days of thy youth." in a creditable manner.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

ABSOCIItTION.

NEWTON•LB-WILLOWS v. ELLasu-rien Poirr.—Played at Ellesmere on Saturday. This was tho return fixture, the match at Nursery eark having resulted in a win for Newton by 2 goals to one. The visitors were short of Laithwaite, but the Port played their full strength. The weather was beautifully tine and there was a good at- tendance, quite 1,000 spectators liniag the enclosure. The first half was fiercely centesteJ, the Port scoring the only point or the half. Llwe putting tht) ball into the net from a corner. Half-time : Port 1, Newt nil. The second half was just as fast and exciting as the first and Thompson eventually increased the homestors lead. No more scoring was done, and the whistle blew with the Port victorious by 2to nil. Wretched shooting was the chief cause of the visitors defeat, the forwards exhi- biting a weakness when in front of goal which they have never shown before.

EARLESTOWN ALBION V. REFORMILTORY SCROOL. Played at the Reformatory on Saturday. The hotnesters had the best of matters to the interval when they were leading by two goals to nil. The second half was how- ever distinctly in favour of the Albions,who managed to pop two goals through and thus equalise the score. Final, Reformatory 2, Albion 2.

WIGAN AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION CHALLENGE

CUP. Tho draw in conn lotion with this cup took place at Wigan oa Tuesday night and resulted as follows :—St. Helens Recs. v. Wigan County. Adlingtonv. Eirlestown, Haydock v. Newton, Parr v. Banifurlong. Golborne, Blackrod. or Warrington v. Peasley Cress or Castle flil ; Prescot v. Skelmers }ale United. Whiston a bye. The ties to be played on the ground of the first-named club on or before December 9th.

WIGAN AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION CHALLENGE SHIELD. '

The draw in clnnection with the above was held at the Bull's Head Hotel, Wigan on Ties lay night, and re- sulted as follows;—Knowsley-road Social v. Skelmersdale Wanderers ; Prescot Athletic v. Rainford ; Birchley v. Crawford Village; Golborne Wanderers v. Prescot Rovers; Present Juniors v. Parr Rovers ; Earlestown Rovers a bye.—To be played on the ground of the first nained club.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

EARLESTOWN V. Honwica.—ln beautiful weather, Earlestown brought off their first Mann in the Lancas- hire League with Horwich at Earlestowa on Saturday. Lewis kicked off for Horwick downhill with the sun in their faces. Gnen returned. and Harrison made way for the top goal. Hanson gave Tinsley possession, and he and Critchley raced down, the Earlestoven goal hav- ing a narrow swaps. From the kick-off Johnson nicely played the ball,Sattle missing the net by a new inches. A beautiful bit of passing by Harrison, Elanipson. and Leach, enabled the latter to eboot over the cross bar. 4. free kick gave Earlestown a chance, and Taylor had tie run out to clear. The home team pressed, and Leach just missed scoriae', skimming the upright. Horwich broke away and Critchley gave Chew a handful, which he safely negotiated. A corner to Earlestown resulte; in a bully in front of the Harwich goal, but the ball was got away. Dallying by Green gave Horwich a chance, and the front line rushing down Dawsoa easily beat Chew. A corner to Earlestown was placed outside. Earlestown continued to press, but the magnificent play of Taylor prevented any score. Play continued in Hoc wick quarters, but Greenhalgh and Hart were equal to the demands made upon them, and at half-time the score was— Herwich 1, Earlestown nil. —Oa turning round the game devolved into a scramble, Earlestown penning Horvrich in their own quarters from which they found it tenable to emerge. A penalty was awarded Earlestown, and filampson made no mine take, placing his side on equal terms. Pressure was kept up, and the Horwich custodian was kept fully em- ployed. Finally Whitehouse by a Ion; swift shot placed the ball into the rat out of the reach of Taylor, and the same player registered another glint shortly afterwards. Earlestown winning easily by 3 goals to one. In the Lancashire Alliance,the position of the clubs is as appended. It will be seen that the Warrington Club is fourth on the list.

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Agst. Pts. Seacomse Swifts 4 ... 3 ... I ... 0 ... 9 ... 6 ... 6 Prescot Tranmere Rovers 3 ... 2 ... ft ... 1 ... 8 ... 2 ... 5 Warrington High Park... Peasley Cross Adlington Cio!borne 5 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 10 ... 3 Bamf url'g Rovers 2 ... 0 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 3 ... 1 Skel m'dale U'te4 3 ... 0 ... 2 ... 1 ... I ... 4 ... 1 Parr

NEWTON PETTY SBSSIONS.

THURSDLY.—Before lir T. J. Gillespie (in the chair), Colonel

Wood, Mr, B. Stone. and Mr. C: B. F. Borron

SHOCKING CRUELTY TO I WlFE.—Levi Bradshaw, 156, Mercer-street, Newton, was charged with persistent cruelty to his wife Maria Bradshaw on the dates previous to the 30th September. whereby he caused her to leave him —Mr. Smith, solicitor. of Wigan. appeared for the complainant. He said the parties were married on the 19th of June. 1894, at the registry office, Wigan. Almost from the outset the man had been in the habit of assaulting and abusing his wife. Bight months after they were married she left him on account of his assaulting her, and defendant subsequently appeared before the magistrates. It ;had culminated in very shocking treatment which his witnesses would detail. Two months ago the woman was in bed. There were fortunately- no children of the marriage, but the woman had taken in a little baby ta nurse. She was in bed with the baby when he Came and stood over her with a paraffin lamp and threatened to throw it on her. She appealed to him not to do it because of the baby, and induced him to go away. She was so frightened that she got out of ked and sat downstairs all night. On two occasions she was compelled to run out of the house and on one occasion be asked her if she knew how hen's necks were screwed off when they were killed. He said that if she would turn the lamp down be would show her how it was done. He turned the lamp dowft and male a rush at her. She ran out of the house and got a constable to go to him. He was continually drunk and she had to work practically the whole time to keep them b3th. —Several witnesses gave evidence in support of this state- ment. —Defendant on oath, said he had been in a state of bad health for two years and his wife would not ceok him meat to " work on." When he had asked her for anything she had cursed and sworn " something cruel." He was not able to work now because of her treatment. Ile only had drink at the week ends.—The Magistrates retired to consider their decision and on their return the Chairman said they had given the case careful consideration and had decided to make a separation order the husband to make an allowance of 58. a week towards his wife's maintenance.

SSAULT.—Thornas Joyce wAs summoned for assaulting Levi Bradshaw on the 21st October. Complainant saw that he was returning home at 10-15 n.ra. when defendant met him. and without any provocation kicked him and ill-treated him " something cruel.' for about a quarter of an hour. —Defend- ant was bound over to keep the peace for six months in one surety of £5. SAVAGII ASSAULT ON A JoINER IT COLLINS GREEN.— David Rothwell was charged with assaulting Samuel Croft at Collins Green, on the nth Oetober.—He pleaded not guilty. —Mr. Carr, solicitor, Leigh prosecuted. On the day in ques- tion defendant was working on some property when defen- dants' father who was the owner of the adjoining houses ob- jected to some work that a. plumber was doing in connection with some water pipes. Complainant said ha knew nothing about the dispute between the owners about the water, and he must see the owners of the property about it. They were going out of the houses, one of them earrying a lamp when they saw the defendant, his father and his brother standing there. Complainant went out first and defendant seized him by the *oat and struck him in the face, seriously injuring his eye. He also knocked hie head against the wall. He then seized him by the neck, held his head under his arm and thumped him in the face. Eventually the other workmen separated thera•—lJefenelaut who denied the offence was fined 20s and costs. AssauLTING TILE POLlCE.—Lawrence Hannon and Patrick Hannon were charge I with being drunk and disorderly at Earlestown the previeds night and with assaulting P.C. Gaseorgne.—The officer said the prisoners were drunk and fighting in Market-street. He asked them to go away quietly but tbev took no notice of him. He than tried to separate them and they turned on him and kieked him five or six times on the legs.—Prisoners were fined 28 6d and casts for being drunk and disorderly and 10s and costs for assaulting the constable.

CAUTION.

EVERY POUND OF PALBTLIORPES ROYAL CAM BRIDGE SAUSAGES BEARS THE TRADE MARK LABEL. -

SHOULD ANY BE OFFERED UNLABELLED AS PALETELORPES PLEASE REFUSE THEM, TAKE

No ExcusE.

T. CRANIPION, 110, BRIDGE STRE T, WARRINGTON.

WANTED,tieneral SERVANT. immediately; wages £l2: two in family.-14, BIRKDILE-ROLD, Waterloo, wear Liverpool.

‘ir ANTED, GIRL. about 16, for houaework.—APPlY 210 STREIT OID•ROAD, Mancheßler.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
i 1 ~ '' 4 . ' i.,.. ~.. i': , 1 1 1 r , . P:„ .r, ' r 1 - f , kr

===== 0002601_18991027_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE. It is seldom that any discovery of esieece is euch as Will beeefit all classes of people. Some uf the greatest discoeeries of the eee, ['toy have p-ovecl directly beneficial to thousends, have also, at least for a time, injured other thoosands. Evers some of the best medicinal preparations, however much tney may do to remove one class of disease. or euis some conetitutiens, at the same time either deepen che hold of another dis- ease, or leave it entirely uutou 'bed, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injere another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged prs— paration which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this ceuntry,whic'n will be certain to do good when feirly tried, whice be equally adapted to the needs of the merchant and the work nan,the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the cicrk,the faetory hand,the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a preparation as contains no injurious ingrsdients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by tee stranger constituted man. Such a di.eovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preuaratiens, and would indeed be an Invaluable boon to Suffering Hurnaaity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gerilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried has lee.n always recommended, and has proved success- ful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved permeeently beneficial, when other preparations at best only give temporary relief. It is strongly rec'msmended as The Best Remedy of the Age for fndigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddi- mess, Lo,s of Appetite, also forNerveusness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, LOW Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved vsry beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long confinement to W-ventilated rooms, or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthees those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Touic.and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledeed to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginnints to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your ccnstitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in betties at 23 91 and 43 Eld each, but should any difficulty be ex- periencsd in precurieg it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriaee free. Avoid Imita- tions. When purchasing,see the name,' Gwilym Evans," en Label, Stamp, and Boqle. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFOREthe MAGISTRATES.

FIGHT BETWEEN A BUTCHER AND AN 1N5.1:1RA.7'..7CE AGENT. On Monday, at the Warrineten Police Court, bet oce the Mayor (presiding) and other magittrates, John Rowlands, 56, Willis-street, an insurance agent, and John Unsvrortl, butcher, 113. Knu'sford-road, were charged with committing a breech of the pew:* by fieht- ing in Bold-street at 11.15 p in. on October 12th.—Mr. Willett appeared for Unsworth.—P.C. Clarke said that at the time named he was near the Museum when he saw a crowd of people at the bottom of Bold-street. He went to the spot and saw Unsworth stripped. Rowlands was else stripped, and both were fighting. Uasworth, when he saw him, ran up Bold-street, and Rowlands went in the direction of Arpley Station. Witness apprenended Rowlands and Sergeant Bell stopped Uneworth.—By Mr. Willett : He was certain that Uns worth was stripped. He knew him perfectly well. From 40 to 50 men were watching the fight.— Sergeant Bell stated that Bus worth told bitei that a young man had struck leim several times. Rowlands, who was bleeding at the mouth, said" he would kill all the lot if they would come up one at once."—Rowleeds said the disturbance hid arisen about a game of billiards played at the Queen's Hotel.—Mr. Willett, on behalf of his client, said Unsworth was in Sankey-street when he saw a crowd in Bold-street, and he went to see what was the matter, when he was insulted by Rowlands, and he had to fight in self-defence. He was struck twice be- fore he retaliated.—Unsworth cerroborated this state- ment, but, in answer to the Chief Constable, stated that he was fighting three or four minutes in self-defence. No one held his coat while be fought ; he had thrown it on the ground.—The Chairman said the defendants would be bound over to keep the peace for six months in one surety of £lO each. He hid to express the opinion of the Bench that it was disgraceful for two young men like the defendants to be found fighting in the public streets. He hoped they Would not be guilty of such an offence again. ATTACH ON A WARRINGTON POLICEMAN. On Wednesday, at the Warrington Police Court, be- fore Alderman Sutton (in the chair), and Messrs Geddes and Birchall. William Brown, Dutton-street, and James Hennesey, 14, Naylor-street, were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street, at 2.45 on Tuesday afternoon, and with refusing to quit the " Lower Angel " public fume, Buttermarket-street, when requested. Brown was further charted with assaulting P.C. Taylor at the same time and place.— P.C. Taylor said that at the time named he was on duty in Buttermarket-atreet when be was called to the " Lower Angel " to eject the prisoners. When he put them out they became very rough, and Hennesey used disgusting language, and threatened what he would do to him. He was obliged to take him into custody ; when he did so Brown cause behind him, and struck him on on the back of the ear, and knocked him to the ground. Mr. Chorley, Buttermarket-street, came to his assist- ance and held Brown till P.S. Cheoney came on the scene. They took the men to the Police Station. His (witness's) elbow was hurt in the fall—Mr. Cherley.and Joseph Cooper, a 'bus conductor, gave corroborative evidence. The Chief Constable said both the prisoners had been before the court once before for drunkenness. He wonld like to take that opportunity of thanking Mr. Charley for the aseistance he had rendered to the police, and also several witnesses who came forward voluntarily to give evidence.—Mr. Birchall, said it was very henour- able of them.—The magistrates decided to fine Brewn 53. and costs, for drunkenness,aret 103. and costs or 14 days imprisonment forlthe aseault and fined Henriesey 53. and costs, Alderman Sutton remarking that Brown had got off well, as it was a serious matter to assault a police- man.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Police Court. FRlDAY—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberts Councillor Smethurst and Mr. Hepherd. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.--George Patrick, 10, Mill-street. was fined 3s. 6d. for making use of obscene language in Mill- street, at 4.30 the previous afternoon. FACTORY ACT PROSECUTIONS.— Albert Payne, joiner, Liver- pool-road. was summoned for committing a breach of the Factory and Workshops Acts by employing a boy under 16 years of age named Ernest Kelly, for more than seven days, without having a certificate of fitness from the certifying surgeon.— Inspector Rogers said that on the 31st August, an Inspector visited defendant's premises and found a number of bays working there without certificates of fitness. One named Ernest Kelly had been In his employ for over five months. rhe regulations had previously been explained to the defendant by an Inspeetor.—lnspector, Smith corroborated this state- ment.—Tbe Magistrates Clerk said defendant had been fined 10s and costs previously for an offe ,ce against the Factory Acts.—& fine of 20s and costs(l lie 61 in all) was inflicted, —Messrs. Rylands Brothers, Limited, Church-street, were summoned for employing two boys named Ignatius Cross and Thomas Pendlebury after six o'clock in the after- noon on the 15th September.—Mr A Browne ap- peared for the defendants and pleaded guilty.—ln- Inspector Rogers said that at nine o'clock on the night of the 15th September he visited the defendants. works and found the boys Cross and Peudiehury going out One of them had been working from six o'clock in the morning and the other from 6 30. Ihie made about two hours and a half overtime which was not allowed to be worked by boys under any circernstanoes whatever. The boys appeared to have been kept there without the know- ledge of tile firm as he could not find any of the manalers about. He had since received a letter from the Arm saying that they did not know the bays worked till that time. It was the duty of the firm to exercise care in carrying out the Act. If they did so they could summons the foreman. He bai found that they had not exercised care so he was obliged to take proceedings against them.—Mr. Browne. for the defense, said the heads of the firm had not the slightest knowledge that the boys were working after six o'clock, and read the letter sent by them to the Inspector, expressing their regret at the occurrence. One of the boys was not employed by them but by a sub- contractor who used a portion of the works and paid the lad's wages. Of course legally the boy was employed by them. Me thought the case would be met by a small tine.—A fine of Is. 6d. and costs in each case WAS imposed. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASE. Sarah Delooze. 73, Dial- .t. we fined 5s for neglecting to send her children ta school regularly. Mr. W. Jones, chief school attendance officer, proved the case. ASSlJlLT.—Ellizabeth Edleston, 60. Turner-street. was summoned for assaulting Annie Cartlege, 17, Turner-street, on the 14th inst.— Complainant said that on the date named

riiiiioL.

ove a

,S,CII-IAP TATUM!,

in 'a very short' time. Bottles M.BEETHAM SON.. 25.6 CiELTENHAI2.44SI/rA _,01.242...m.t.-cm-nri.tp-A-KrAe,TWEriree • ‘"

410 i VELVETY SKIN? 021(11,52 • it, ! Then use .-ii ' 144 • . & ~i It r will I l'''' ' ' ' . entirely rem' 11 P. OU G Z.! N ES 0 ,i- '.. ' •" ' " " -

===== 0002601_18991027_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
she was stood at her door, when defendant came up in come pany with her sister and brother-in-law. The brother-in-law eame to her and used bad language. so he pushed him away. Defendants' sister then got noel of her by the hair of the head and defendant struck her severe' times on the head with a key. She hal to go to the Infirmary to have the injury at- tended to. -P.C. Baxendale said he saw the defendant knock complainant te the grouted and st-ike her on the head three or four times,—Oefendant was bound over to keep the peace. and ordered to pay the Costs. XIONDAT.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Councillors Shaw Green and Smethurst and Messrs. S. Wright, J. W. Hayward and Bircball. MOTHRR AND SON IN TNE DOCFC.—BridZet Curley. Friars Green, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bold-street at 620 on Saturday evening.—P.O.'s Cooper (20) and Mon ts proved the case.—The Chief Uonstable seed prisoner made her ninth appearance—her fifth sines) June. She was before the Court a week ago and he asked the Bench to deal leniently with her. She promised to go to the Work- house, but refused to go with a constable. The magistrates allowed her to go, but site never went near the Workhouse. She had no means of subsistence.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month.—William Curley, son of the last prisoner, was then charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bank-street at 8.23 on Saturday night.—P.O. Monks proved the ease —The Chief Constable said that was prisoner's 25th appearance.—The Chairman : It is a dread- ful case.—The Chief Constable : It's as bad a " breed " as we have in Warrington.—A fine of Sc and costs (9s 6d) was imposed. A HUSBAND'S DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT.—JAMSA Rothwell, 48, School-brow, was cnarged with being drunk and dis- orderly at the Market-place at 920 on Satu day night end also with using threats towards his wife Elizabeth Rothwell at the same time and place, P.C. Clarke said that at the time in question he was on duty in the Market-place when he saw the tiefendant who was in a drunken condition. He was malting use nf filthy language towards his wife. He threatened to " knock her new( o .t," if he got hold of her. Witness took him into Peter-street and on his promis- ing to conduet hirnse f properly liberated him. No sooner had he turned his back than he went to his wife again and got hold of her by the neck Witness took him into custody and he became so violent that he had to handcuff him. He also made use of the most filthy language. With the assistance of P.O. Chrimes he took him to the Police Station —Mrs. Rothwell comet) srated.—The Chief Constable said prisoner hed been before the Court previously for drunkenness.—Prisoner was committed to gaol for 14 days for being drunk and disorderly and was bound over and ordered to pay the costs, or in default would heve to go to gaol for a further 14 days. BREACH OF TILE PEACE AND OBSCENE LANGUAGE—John Moran. labourer, 30, Jame.-street. and Michael Preston were charged with committing a breach of the peace by fighting on the 20th May. Moran was further charged with using obscene language on the 13th May in Dial-street.—lt was ex- plained that defendants were summoned to appear in May, bu as Moran did not the case was adjourned and a warrant issued for his apprehension, -P.O. Clougb said that at 11.10 p.m. on Satu-da.y, the tOth May he saw the defendants fighting in Winwiek-read. He told them they would be re- ported and Moran gave a wrong name and address,—P.O. Smith stated that a- 11.45 on the 13th May he proceeded to Dial-steeet in consequence of complaints he had received, and he heard the prisoner Moran and two others using obscene language. He threatened witness in the presence of P.S. Williamson.— Moran said he did not use bad language.—The Chief Constable; They never do in Dial-street. (Laughter.) —The wife of Preston also gave evidence. —The Chief Con- stable said it was Preston's 20th appearance and Moran s eighth.—The defendants were each bound over to keep the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the costs. Moran was fined 5s for using obscene language. INDECENT Beneveoun.—Sarah Aickey, Croppers Brow, who made her 12th appearanee, was on the evidence of P.C. Gibbs committed to gaol for one month for Indecent behaviour in Buttermarket-ste on Saturday night. ASSAULT ON A SON.—James Owen, Orford-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Orford-ste at 11-50 on Sunday night, and also with assaulting Peter Owen, his son, at 11 o'clock on the same night.—P.C. Cooper (20) said that at the time named he was on duty in Church-street, when prisoner's motber and his son came and complained to him about his conduct He proceeded to prisoner's house, and found the place in darkness. The moteer and the boy went inside and as soon as they entered the house, pria ,nor came downstairs and told them to get out of the house or he would kill them. They did so and he followed and again threatened them. Witness took him into custody and brought him to the Police Station —Peter Owen (IS).prisoner's son.sAid that at eleven o'clock on the previous night he was washing himself when his father struck him under the ear with his fist. He went to the Police Station and made a complaint about his conduct. In the presence of P.C. Cover his father put hi e and his grand- mother out of the house.—Prisoner sale le's boy stopped out late at nights and that was why he struck hirn.—A fine of 10s. and costs with the alternative of 14 days imprisonment with hard labour was imposed. eltsceeeeNeous —Hlizebeth Alice Riley, 110, Winwick- road, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday evening in Winwick-street, but it being her first appearance was dismissed with a caution.—Jame e Lea, a hawker, of Timer-street. was fined 5s for haying been drunk and disorierly in Turner-street, on the 10th October —James Green, a cab driver, of 28, Bostock-street, was charged with having been drunk in charge of a horse and cab on the 17tea October at Market-gate. P.C. Clarke stated the facts of the case, and defendant was fined 5s and cost (14s).—e.amuel Bell, 33. Cairo-street, was charged with a similar offence, but was dismissed on promising to sten the pledge.—Alice Richardson, 51, Bestock-street. was fined 5s and costs for using obscene language.—John Brown. 32, Stephenson-street, was charged with playing football in Batteraby-lane on the 15th Octeber. P.O Smith proved the ca,e, and he wa, fined ss.—Jane Mullins, 6. Ashton-street, was fined 2s 6d. and Thomas Prince, 26, River-road. a shil- ling for setting their chimneys on fire on various dates.

FINFSIDAY —B t4ore Alderman Sutton (in the chiir), and

Messrs. Geddes and EirclCall.

"MAD DRLINF.C7;'—JOht; OhllrCh-Street, WAS charged with being drunk and disorderly in Church-street, at 11.30. the previews nlzht.—P.3. Evans proved the case, aud stated that the primmer was " mad "drunk and did not know what he WAS doing—lt being his first appeArance the man was disch rged.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions. lkioxnA.Y.—Before Measrs,A. R. Norman (chairman), and

W. Timmins.

LICENSING Busnress.—Transfers were granted as follows : —Mrs, Nellie Brovenine, to the Anchor Inn, lately occupied by Mr. Luke Holmes. Mary Harris, to the London and North Western Hotel, Lowlands-road, lately occupied by Mr. Dutton.—An extension of time was granted to Mr. Charles Birch, landlord of the Norton Arms, Halton. —Mr- F. A. Lake, solicitor, appeared on behalf of Mr. Luke Holmes for a copy of the transfer of the license of the " George Inn." Runcorn, from Mr. Henry John DeKorte. It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Luke dolmes that he had paid DeKorte £195 for the business and good will of the place. A week last Thursday, however. DeKorte had left Runcorn. and bait possibly taken Ihe original license with him for it could not be foued anywhere on the premises. DeKorte left the house in charge of his mother-lts-law, and 'he had handed the keys of the premises over to applicant.—The Bench stated as the application appeared in order, they would grant the transfer. NEW HATES FOR HALTON AND STOCKHOLM.—OD the appli- cation of the Assistant Overseers, the Bench grented the making of the following new rates —Halton. Is 44 in the 2 to realise £316 15s 2d ; Stockhelm, is in this £, be realise £3 us 7d.—As compared with last year Helton was the Same, and Stoekhulm was a decrease of 31 in the 2. DRUNK AND D.SORDERLT CASES.—Johq Wilding of W 93- ton, pie:teed guilty to being drone and disorderly, in South- road, on the 29:h of September last, and WAS fined 53 and Is 6d costs or 14 days The case was proved by Police-Con. stable Bancroft.—James Owen, pleaded guilty to a like offence, committed in ligerten-'..treet, on the 7th of October. —P C. Fry proved the case, end defendant was fined 5s and Is 6cl costs. or 14 days.—Patrick Corcoran. an old offender, was arraigned for a similar offenie, committed in Fryer. street, on the 14th of October He pieaded guiltv.—P.C. Wilsoa proved the case.—Fined 53 and 8s 6d costs. —John Killgrase anether old offender, was charged wfth usiug obscene and profane language in Recent-street, to the annoy- ance of pessengers.—Police-consteble Fry stated about 9.4 on the 7th f October he saw the dereadant, who came fr.:nag Weston, a "little excited " in Regeet-street and heard him use the bad len -liege alleged —Killgrass pleaded guilty..... Fined les and 86d costs, or 14 days. IRISHMEN FINED FOR "PITCH AND TosB."—Christoolier Connell, Andrew Connell, John Flannigan, Patrick Cor- coran, and Patrick Doyle, all of Runcorn, were summoned by the police thst, on the Eth of October last,they unlawfully payed by way of a game with certain Coins a game of ihene3—" pitch and toss. '—rThristopher Conned pleaded " guilty and not guilty " and ,pp,a red to be under the influenee of drink.—'n answer to the Chairman, however. he said he hat not touched drink for the last two years.--His further replies to the Magistrates Clerk beim altogether i lealsetrent, he was remanded to th 3 cells till the following d ty.—The other roar defendants pleaded net guilty.—Police,.Constable Harry Fry, swore that about 4-45, on the Bth of the present month, he was on duty In the vicinity of Belvedere. He saw a number of boys and men standing together and suspected there was something going on. Creeping nearer he observed that Flannigan and Corcoran were tossing rn ,ney, and the other three w sre close up to them. He rushed for them but they all ran away. Some of them nearly ran into Constable Bratt's arms. They then turned and ran up King-street. It was a Sunday. He could swear that ho distinctly saw the men Flannigan and Connell throw up the last coins. Hi saw the money change hands about three times, and came to the conclusion that they had been thrown up the first time and they had not all COZIO down heads and the others were isontieuing the game.—Defendants all asserted it was a lie. and severely cross-examined Constable Fry.—Constable Brett, who was on duty in Church-street seated that he saw es crowd of young fellows down by the Belvedere. He saw them rush off and sro up King-street. Doyle did not runoff. He identified the defendants as some of those who ran off. Constable Fry told him they had been gaming.—The Chairman said they considered the cases proved. Connell and Flannigen would be let off on payment of the costs 5s , °is 7 days in default as there were no previous convictions recorded against them. Corcoran an Doyle, however, would be fined 10s., including costs or 7 days, on account of previous offences. STREET FOOTBALLERS—A WARNING.—AIbee Sumner (14), Joseph Stringer (16). J William Stringer (14), Herbert Roach Edward P.Oscott (13), John Stringer (14), John Walker (18), Thomas Sumner (16) all of !Runcorn were summoned For un- lawiully playing football in the streets,—Brackley-street and others—at Runcorn on the 4th of Ootober.—Roech did no appear, and the rest pleaded not guilty.. Constable Haeryt Fry stated about 6,30 p.m. on the 4th last he Was in c else- quence of numerous complaints on duty in plain clothes. He saw the defendants playing football in company with a num- ber of smaller boys ma a small piece of waste groand which was bounded by Braokley-street, Suffolk-street, Brindley-street, and Blantyre-street. They kept kicking the ball from the waste around on to the foetpeth all around, and especially into Brackley-street. He watched them for about five minutes and then went and got the names and addresses of the defendants. Had the defendants kept upon the waste land there would have been nothing said, although they were a great nuisance with their noise ; but they were continually kicking the ball into the roadwa; s and footpaths. He saw several passengers hindered and put to great incest- venience.—Walker, who acted as spokesman for the defend- ants. asked the Bench to deal leniently with them, for they had been in the habit of playing foetball upon that piece of land for many years, and did not think they were doing wrong. It was private property and belonged to the Man- chester Ship Canal.—The Bench agreed with Walker, and taking is lenient view of the case, dismissed the boys on pay- ment of the costs 2s 6d fetch —The Chairman, however, warned them not to play there again, as they were deter- mlne4 to put down the nuis Ince caused by football playing in the streets.

AN UNLICENSED MG.—William Eastham,boatman,pleadad

guilty to keeping a dog on the 37th of September without a ii-ense.—P.C. Harry Fry' swore, he went down to the defen- dant's boa, on the Bridgewater Canal, and found a dog on board on the 37th a' September. Defendant admitted having no license.—Fine3 9e including costs. iftraDAND AND WIFE Al' VARIANCE.—TIIO3II.4 IlUgtlo9.3lld Mary Hughes, husband and wife, of Briscoe-st,reet, were surnmoaed for using obsene, profane, and indecent language within hearing of the public on the 14th of Octeber,—The female defendant aapeared ant said her husband woold not come.—P,C. Wilding proved the offence to which the female had pleaded guilty —Def ‘radant mads a rambling statement to the Beach from which it would appear that there had been a family jar.—The female WAS fined 5s and costs, and a war- rant was issued for the apprehension of her husband. THREATENING A. NEIGIIBDUR AT WitaTon.—klary of Lunt's-row, Weston, was summoned by alary Burton, a neighbour, for making use of ab ilanguage towards her, on the 19th of October. at Weston.—Complainant ctated that the defeadant called her a" nasty, dirty, stiuking biteh," and she bad to send to the works for her husband to come home Ise protect her. -Defendant denied the allegation, and said she had only Galled the complainant a " toasts', mean dispositioned woman,' because she left half pence about the place to tempt the children.—Mrs. Emily Cawley,a neighbour said defendan', called complainant " A nasty, evil dis- positiened woman," and that was all —The Bench con- sidered that defendant must have used some strong and dis- agreeable language for the oompleinant to he compelled to send for her husband, and ordered her to pay the costs of the summons, ss. 61.. as a penalty for her indescretion. A TIRED Datvxn.—Jolato Dutton, a respectably well- dressed old man was snmmoned for being the driver of a horse and cart on the 17th of October, which WAS prooeeling along the road at Weston, without being guided by reins or other 1119A115.—The facts of tee ease were stated ey Police Constable Bancroft.—Defendant ccii he was guilty; but as the road was quite clear of traffic, and he was " quite knocked up" he Lhought he would ride.—The Chairman : As it is your first appearance, we will let you off with a warning' AseauLTING A MOTHER AT RUNCORN.—Thornai Stringer, of Windmill-street, was summonel by Hannah Stringer, his mother, who keeps a small shop et 27, Heath-road, Runcorn, for assaulting her on Sunday the lith of October.—He pleaded not gailty.—Compleinant sta,ed that defendant came to the hose jest b -fore 6 o'clock and asked her tube friends and shake hands. She refused and he struck her on the side of the head. She could not tay whether it wis with his closed or open hand, as she did not take that much notice.—Jona- than Stringer, another son of complainant corrob 'rated.— Clara l'lgerton, a neighbour's little girl, aged 1.3 years. also swore to the assault--Cross-examined : She had not told anyone that she bad received a penny to CORia as a witness.— Defendant cleated the allegation.—Fined lOs and lie 61 costs.

Sty SHILLING, IN FINES FOR SCHOOL CssEs.—The fol- lowing parents wre fine i 64 an 4 4s 61 costs, fir neglecting to provide sufficient elucation for their children —.Tames Dutton, Cooper-stre,t Ittehar4 Done, Cartwright-street ; James Stubbs. Wellington-lane ; Ann Williams. t'ool-lane ; William Shaw, Rook Miura : John Li aley, ; John Wilson, Mill-brow Septeraus Hayes. Grauville-stree*, ; Mary Jane Feredale, Diike-stree ; John rwigg. two c ‘sei, boats ; Joseph Gorde, High-street ; Owen Rooerts, Okell-street ; and John Martin. bo

AN UNREHEAREPID ACT IT THE THEATRE,-Pxtri,lk Riley, was summ med by Thorns, Steel for ass eult on the 16th inst —Def-ndant did not appear.—Complainant stated that he was check-taker at the Theatre. Ab)ut 9 o'clo3k on the 16th last he was taking checks at the Theetre door whea the de. fendant tried to go past with a forged check. He protected and celled him back, when the derendaut corninittel the assault complained of.—A warrant was issued for Riley's arrest.

DRITIKEN PRISINER4.—For being drunk an I disorderly in High-s reet.last Saturday.Chtrlei Livia. lablurer of Widnes. was fined St.—Harry Btll, for a SirlllilAr off lace committed in Mersey-street on Sunday la‘t W 3 cc)mnaitted f )r sevan 4' vs. —The cases were proved by C mstib'es NicliAls and Wildiag. Bell would not disclose his I.lentity•

RUNCORN POLIC3 COURT TUEIDLY—Before Messrs, A. R. Norman, and Samuel Taylor. CONTEMPT or COURT Suave,Ns. —Thorne' Hughes, of Brisces-street, was charged ie cust xly with refusing to appear to a summons for using profane, obscene or indecent language within hearing of the public on the 14th of Octeber. —Hughes said his did not wish to leave his work, and as for any indecent language he had not used any in his life, he was brought up different to that.—Police Constable Wild- beg proved the ease—the Chaim. sn You have put 63 on the costs by not appeering to answer the summons and will be fined 5s and 143 costs or 14 days in default. A TIRED TRAMP.—James Siolyneaux, tramp of no fixed abode was charged in custody with being drunk in Chutoh- street. —He pleaded h 3 wis not drunk but only very tired as he had walked from Lynette and was resting when the con- stable found him.—Fined ss. and 6s. costs or 14 days. —James Robinson for being drunk and disorderly in High-street, Run- corn, on the previoes .lay was committed for 21 days with hard labour without the option of a fine. ALLEGED LARCENY FROM A BOAT—James Milliegton. a boatman, was charged in custody with the larceny of a shirt and a quantity of food—bacon and bread and cheese the property of John Twigg. at Weston on the 21st of October.—John Twigg said he was captain of the narrow boat" City of New York" and was employed by the Salt Union Company Limited, On Saturday hie boat was lying near to the Brine Works and he and Killington ware having a glass of beer together in Mr. Ground's hotel. He asked the prisoner to go to the boat and fet?ii fodder for the horse which was at Mrs. Fitton's hotel. He did so. Milling- ton then disapoeared and he did not see him again until about 2or 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when he met him by Mr. Crosby's shop in High-street Runcorn, with the stolen articles in his possession.—Defendant who wected to be summarily dealt with denied that he stole the scoots. and stated he was simply taking them to Stone.street where Twigg lived for his wife, as Twigg hid asked hint.—The Superintendent of Police said the prisoner Lied 23 convictions standing agamst him and sof them were for larceny. He was a regular pest to boatmen generally.—The ease was dis- missed,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.

THE WHITE SPECTRE.

One in every eleven of the population of Great Britain dies of consumption. Nearly half those who reach middle ago suffer, or have suffered, from some variety of it. No less than a quarter of a million (250,000) are dying of it at the present moment. Consumption is not inherited. but contracted, the germs attacking chiefly the weak and undernourished. In true consumption the lungs and other tissues are destroyeii, including the bones. No remedy for it has yet been found. There is therefore plenty of reason for the fear people feel of the White Spectre of the North. Did Mrs. Dinah Keep have consumption P Six medi- cal men said she had. And they believed they were right. Still she disappointed them all by getting well. She lost her good health in January, 1878. She had been confined, and after that event failed to regain her na'ural strength. Food—the only source of strength— had no attractions for her ; she didn't want it. Of emirs° she ate a mouthful now and then ; else she had starved to death. But those bits of food set going such a palpitation of the heart, and such pains in the chest, she wished she had let them alone. It was a miserable dilemma.

" Often," said Mrs. Keep, Moly, " I was seized with windy spasms, and for hours the pain was agolising. At night I was so bad sometimes that I used to walk the room till nearly morning. Even at best I got less rest than I needed.

" After a time I began to have a cough, a hollow- sounding cough such as yen bear in consumptives. And then the night sweats ! My linen was soaked with them. All this looked like consumption, and I knew what the end of that must b 3. I wasted and lost flesh until I hardly knew myself. My clothes no longer fitted me —tily merely hung on me.

" And the weakness that went with it! I never fan- cied before what the word weakness meant. I could neisher wash nor dress myself. There was no more tripping up and downstairs for me; the people picked me up and carried me. Fortunately for my friends was a light burden. All day long I lay back in an easy chair and watched others go about. Alv own working days were gone for over. At least, so I thought. " I shau!d soon have to leave this bright world, and se no more of my little children who were sa dear to me. But Go i's will be done.

" Often during the night a feeling of suffocation came over me, and I gasped and struggled fer breath. Som. timei I did not expect to live till morning.' " No less than six doctors at different periods at- tended me ; and all of them, one after another, finally give me up. They said I bad consumption, and must die of it sooner or later. And yet I went on for ten year in this way, now better, new worse.

" Many a time my husband was sure I was dying,and on several occasions the prayers of the Church were offered up for me. "In 1888, at 3 tinal when I app,ared to be at death's door, nay h asband read in a small book about cases as had as mine having been cured by Mother Seige l's Syrup. It looked as if it were impossible, but to gratify him I began taking the medicine, and never looked back aft,r that thy. In a few weeks I got back my appetite, and my food agreed with me. Gradually my strength returned, and in six nionths I toes in perfect health. Sine) then I have never kuown any illness, and that is years ago new, showing how complete the cure was. That I am indebted to Mother Seigel's Syrup for my life' and health there is no doubt, and you may publish what I say as widely as you choose."— (Signsd) (Mrs.) DINAH KEEP, Chalgrove Field House, 12, Magdalen•road, Cowley, Oxford, August 3, 1899. Mrs. Keep's trouble was bad enough, but it was not co,sumplon ; it was dyspepsia, with wasting—an imitation of consumption which constantly deceives the best doctors, as this instance proves. Prevalent as consumption is, there is a host of chronic dyspeptics who have the appearance and many of the symptoms of lung disease', but who would recover if they were treated for the digestive disorder, for which the surest remedy is Mother Seigel's Syrup.

N view of 'he approaching Football seas m, it may be in- J teres'ingto sttte that. th 3 world-famed manuf icturers. Gio.(SI-. BU9SEr & O of Lon Jou, are prepa-inz a stook of Balls, which for qutlity. uniformity. ant duribility. will be unique. These bells will be distinguished by the app.arance thereon of their well known trade mtrk 4-6%0. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 35 & 33, Queen Victoria-street. London Factories —Peckhtm, London; anl ftlins velt, dunik.—Advt.

itmr tt ,f Football Cl,Ms are requested to note that reports of rn itches ptayed on isturdAy must :is s oic to the Head Office, Elswsey-street, sAttrrinc,on. nit later thin 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASaIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

FiETCEIER RUS3ELLS v. RUNC3II'S FIORNETS.--.Plared at Warrington on :4aturday. The home team kick-d off and the Hornets failing to return, play was in theic quarters and early on Fuden was prominent in a dash for the line. Eventually Farmer effected a clearance and play was transferred to the other end. From a scrimmage Foden got possession and passing to J Aatrobus, that player ran to the line and g,ivin; Sutton possession he scored. The goal kick was a f Laura. At this point one of the visitors was ordered off Restarting, Runcorn went with a determined rush and T. Koivit was respon- sible f -)r a c'ever clearance. Stn. exch mg° kicking followed, and as a remit Runcorn go.: the best of it and touch was found near th ) home teain's lines. From the kick out Runcorn were enabled to score, and at half time the score was—Fl-etcher Russells,one try ; Run- corn Hornets, one try. The s,-con Ihdf w saunint.rlit• ing, the game being very rough. Two of the home forwards were ordered off the field, but Fletchers held their own till within a few ininutm of the call of time, when Green scored for the Hornets and Miulton kicked a goal. Final : Runcora Hornets, oae goal two tries Fletcher Russells 0136 try.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE.

WARRINGTON V. GOLBORNI4I. Alliance ft xture drew an attendance of about 500 ,pectators to the Arpley enclosure on Saturday. Both side.; were well represented , dalborne kicked off, and Way for tho first few minutes was in favour of Warrington. Murray seeding in a shot which just went over the bar. Golborne., with the aid of a free kick, regained the lost ground. Aspinall was called upon to save from a shot by Brogan. A clrrier to Warrington was well saved by Jones. A foul by Murray removed danger and Warrington again came away, Baines being prominent with good play. Hackett seat in a good shot, which Jenkinsen fisted out. Warrington continued to press, and shots by Connor arid Murray altnost eeored. Half-time score : Varrington nil, Gol borne nil. The second half opened directly in favour of Warrington, and twice in quick suceession the home men hal rare opportunities to open the scoring, but titsir shooting WAR very week, and Jenkinson dioplaying rare form between the posts, Golborne soon forced their way into Warrington quarters. A perfect defence was exhibited by Downie, and several attempts to get into close quarters were checked by the Warrington backs. Hackett served his forwards well and Jones and Riley combined well, but the shooting was week. Connor thrice tested the Gotberne custodian, but the brilliant form was maintained, whilst a few minutes from the call of time Baines missed the simple,et of op-?,aiags, and he end arrived with a pointless draw.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
" MOUNTS AND RIDES OFF."

THE CYCLE BOOM OVER.

At 98, Radnor-street, Hulme, Manchester, is the cycle establishment of Mr. Thomas Hughes, whom a " Sauth Manchestlr Chronicle " commissioner lately visited. The " boom " in cycles is over, but (as the newspaper RI an found) the trade ail' had its sensatiens, as Mr. Hughes' story showed. " Yes,cycle making and cycle riding are good things," said Mr. Hughes. "About twelve months ago I was in a terrible state of collapse. I had no enPrgy or life in me at all, and could do no work. My appetite became very bad; in fact, I could not eat any of the meals set before me, and a most extraordinary thing, I was losing my memory. All I wanted to do was to sit down. One time I went out and could not find my way home • again, I was so bad. I could no lcmger mount and ride ' off as of old." _ - .

"But did you not take any medicine ?" queried the pressman. .• Yes. In conversation with a chemist's assistant I told my tale of woe, and he, without hesitation, recom- mended me to try Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. I took his advice. In a week after first commencing my appetite began to return, and now," added Mr. Hughes with a hearty laugh, " 1 can eat three as good meals a day as any man in England, and enjoy them. I con- tinued taking Dr. Williams' pink pills, and can now do a hard day's work; my memory has returned and my eyesight is completely restored ; in lac', I am 113 VI com- pletely cured, but I still take the pills as a precaution. The precaution is a wise one. A serious illness leaves serious effects, and while there is no object in taking medicine of any sort needlessly, it is always advisable to continue for a few days after the last symptoms have disappeared, so as to avoid a relapse. Dr. Williams' pink plus have pernaoently cured paralysis,rheumatism sciatica, neuralgia, the after-effects of infl ienza, con- sumption, bronchitis, anx,nia, and all diseases arising from impoverished blood ; but it is the genuine pills alone which cure—no one was ever cured by a sub- stitute such as some shopkeepers offer. The genuine pills may be obtained:post free for two and ninepence from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company,Halborn Viaduct, London, and it is best to send direct for them when sub- stitutes are pushed.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington's Poor Display at Salford. The first meeting between Werriagtoa and Salford this season, took place at New Barns on Saturday in the presence of about 9,000 spectators. Werriagtett uniertook the jeurney with every confidence of success for their oppoeents were short of almost half the regular fifteen from the exigencies of C:unty feotball, and iisjuriee sustained in play. The visitors took a full team and were accernpenied by a couple of hlndrscl sup- porters. Weather of the pleasantest description again favoured the footballers, and this had much to do with the size of the crowd which wended its way to New Barns. Toe fi.ld Was in excellent order, but soon after the start the light became very bad, owing to a loca' mist which overhung the enclosure. Mr. J. Underwood, Wigan, was referee,end the teams faced each other,com- posed as follows : Warrineten : Ashurst, ftel back ; Fish, J me;, Isher- wood, and Harris, threequarters ; Bate and Dric.k worth, halt backs ; Taylor, Naylor, Merry weather, Fairhutst, Boardman, Sudlow,Seholtze.aad Eden. forwards. Salfcrd : D Smith, full back ; Norris, Crocker, Thomas, and Pesrson, threqearters ; Doran (captain) anti Phillips, half backs ; Heath, Shaw, Howley, Shore, Haworth, Llewellyn, Jones, and Fisher, forwards. Jones started the game for Warrington,Phillips making a return which caused Ashurst to be tested. He saved finely before the Salford forwards and punted back with interest. Werrington got well down and took up the attack in promising style. Early on, r tyl)r broke away at the quarter line and pat in a drop kick which nearly ended in a try as Smith only spout-el in the nick of time. The ball however, left the toe of Taylor in a line with the goal and to everybody's surprise it passed over the bar and Warringtea were credited with a lucky two points. Salford were not long in equalising however, for Isherwood making a peor kick gave Phomaa an e lay mark in front of goal. Phillips had no difficulty in placing a goal. Oa even terms once more the t .anus played hard for supremacy. Warrington raced down to the horn,' line where Bate twice gave passes to Fish when the latter had go cleance of making headway. Good punting by Isherwood kept Salfoid on the defence. Jones received from Bate when close in but was a bit slow in getting off, and Smith grassed him near the line. Warrington lost possession in the pack arid N)rris taking the ball from Doran got clear and ran from his own line to within ten yards of the Warrington line, where he was overhauled by Isherwood and knockei in touch. It was a good eff nt and Warrington were lucky to escape. Warrington soon ran the ball hack again but made poor use of opportunities near the line. Bate in particular seas very faulty in passing to the three- quarters. Faulty play resulted in Phillips and Smiths clearing nicely, and the home forwards put in a grand dribble which brought about Warrington's downfall. Fairhurst ran back and impeded Ashurst, with the result that neither collared the ball, and Bewley got a soft try near the posts. Phillips again added the goal. This reverse was entirely due to Warrington's loose play when attaeltiag. Salford played up strongly after this, and gave Warrington a lot of trouble on the defence. Fish and Harris both made progress on the wings but were well wat,thed, while Merryweather was cautioned for a needless tackle of Dan Smith. The Warringten backs mulled repeatedly in catching the ball, and Ashuret had hard work to save on many occasions. The interval came with Salford leading by 7 points to 2. Death re-started hostilities and Warrington being early penalised Salford attacked strongly. Pearson made two brilliant attempts to score,Ashurst and Harris checking his speedy career in the nick of time. Scrim- mages were fought out at the corner, Eden eventually relieving for Warrington with a spanking run and punt to Smith who had to send in touch to save. Warring. too now rallied and after an abortive drop by Isher- wood they swarmed round the home line Isherwoed made a determined effort to run through but was held by Thomas and Phillips near the lino. Warrington got possession several times, but the combination behind was poor. Harris would have scored once but for the slowness of the passing. Smith being enabled to run him in touch. Fish next tried a drop and was not far out, while Duckwertls ran cleverly on one occasion. Jones intercepted and should have scored but knocked on badly, a thieg which he was guilty of several times. The other backs were equally uncertain however, and chances continually went begging in a disheartening fashion. Ashurst respondedl to a punt by Thomas with a dashing run which resulted in him being hurt. Then Jones got possession, and beating his opponents should have scored easily but chose to pass to Harris, who hid no earthly chance with the ball thrown five yards behind him. Salford came again before the close and pretty passing by Phillips, Thomas and Crocker, ended in the latter doubling past Fish and giving Norris an easy journey to the line. Phillips failed at goal, and Salford were left winners of a hard fought game by 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points), to Warrington, 1 goal (2 points).

Runcorn Astonish Leigh. Before a large gate, a', the Ir well-lane enclosure, last Saturday, Mr. McCutchem lined up r Tresentative teams of Runcorn anl Loigh, in their first encounter for the season. Both teams were handicapped inasmuch as Leigh lacked MO cervices of Dunbavin, and Runcorn those of Faulkner at half back, and both had two of the regular team forwards replaced by the " reserve." The handicapping was further to Runcorn's debit, for Jones, the fast wingman, was absent. The teams faced as follows :

Runcorn . Houz.hton, hack ; Wilkinson, Warder, Batterworth, C Butterworth, three-quarters ; Jolley and Nickson, halves ; Walker, Lightfoot, Gayter, Woids, Tomlinion, Farmer, Darlington, and 0. Hughes, for- wards.

Leigh : Winstanley, back; Ganley, Anderten,Davies, Caldecott, threequarters ; Molyneux, and Hall, halves ; Roberts, McMasters, A. Roberts, Boardman, Collins, Smith, Eleleston, and Randall forwards. The game opened briskly, and at once it was seen that Leigh were superior at heeling nut, but, though their halves got possession, the speedy tackling of the Runcorn forwards soon nullified any movement they initiated. Some good work by WarAer carried the game well into the Leigh quarters, and Davies fumbling, Walker picked up and scored. Farmer kicked for goal, but struck the , post instead of scering. Wilkinson marked in a good position, but it was not allowed, and a scrum resulted. Molyneux set Leigh going nicely, but Davies was unfor- tunate in not improving. Butterworth and Wilkinson then got off, and back like lightning came the ball ; C Butterworth was sent into touch, and the chum lost. Houghton was playing grandly at this stage, and did some astonishing good work. Jelley bazar led a drop for goal, and shortly alter kicked for the same place from a mark, both attempts being futile. Leigh forced themselves by sheer weight into dangerous proxi- mity to the Runcorn line ; Butterworth executed a mar- vellous catch, and with a mark relieved by kicking into touch. T. Warder again was good, and get away, tt..rou2h the aid of Wilkinson, smartly. Anderton was at fault and failed to tackla until Warder was joined by Wilkinson aud Nickaon. The trio then indulged in a display of quick, short passing, which ended in Walker securing and scoring a second try. From a difficult angle Farmer failed at goal. Up to the interval both teams struggled manfully, but no further scoring re- sulted. Half-time : Runcorn, 2 tries ; Leigh, nil.

, Farmer recommne,ed and away went Runcorn right into the Leigh territlry. Winstanley was called upon time after time, and on one or two occasions the dead ball line came in useful. Jolley mtrk,l usefully s.veral times in succession. Gaining possession, the brothers Butterworth covered some considerable ground with a duet that resulted in Charlie getting a try at the corner. Farmer again failed to augment the point.

It was now obviously apparent that Runcorn had out- plsyed Leigh, and the pace was begiuning to tell upon their heavy mon, for the rapid repeated attacks of the light Runcorn forwards kept them continually on the ciefensive. Bu:torworth secured right under the posts and dropped a wonderful goal. Warder followed with furtlyir good work, 4nd again his initiative eff irt re- sulted in a try—this time Llghtfoot score. Farmer, at length, landed a goal. Leigh responded, hut their in- luraion into the Runcorn territory was but a shsrt and with a rousing dribble the green jerseyed men com- pelled Winstatiley to touch down. Working superbly Jolley was enabled to drop, and his forwards followed up so closely that Leieli ware again compelled to touch down. The conclusion cvne with Runcorn pressing. Final result : Runcorn, 2 goals, 4 tries (16 p )ints) ; Leigh, nil.

LANCASHIRE "A" TEAMS COMPETITION. WARRINGTON" A" V. SALFORD " A."

There was a laree attendance at the Wilderepool enclosure on Saturday to witness this match. Great interest was centred in the contest. as Salford were the champions of the League for 1898-99, and Warrington the runners-up. Salford won the toss and Swift kicked off for Warrington. Play was very exciting, and fine for- ward work resulted in Warrington attacking. Hallam passed well, and the forwards took the ball over the line, Jolley scoring a flue try which Hallam failed to convert. Salford then made several attempts to score, but Boscow defended well and passing movements between Moores and Hallam were responsible for Warrington again attacking. Clever play by the Salford backs was counteracted by Hallam and Moores, whilst Ratcliffe with a good run placed Warrington once on the azeressive. Several scrim- mages took piece on the Self .lu , B iscow had a shot at goal, the bell travellin, our .1- the ben Salford attacked and Smith scored, the try, eoweyer, not being convetted. Near half time Rat liffe scored for Warring- ton, Nlion kicking a goal. Half time :—Warrington, 1-2-0. Salford, 0-1-0. On resuming Salford assumed the agereasive, and Smith scored from a pass by Hoskins, the goal failing. Warrington now played with nye./ energy and Jewkes seored at the corner, Mason improving. Near the does Ra' cliff° scored a try, and when time arrived the se.ire read :—Ararringt in, 2 goals, 4 tries (sixtese points) ; Salford, two tries (six Roints.)

===== 0002601_18991027_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two stamps for our new and original Illust-ated Booklet. containing plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, itc. may be prevented or removed by simple means In a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not a quack medicine. Established 30 years, LESILIK Al.i.arm Ltd,. Chemists, 31, allstoa-lane coron

===== 0002601_18991027_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
66 T .a' L tit F % • \ay" .st

C ;;. it Cud,

which in a day or two developed into a severe bronchial attack."

______ ~...,_. ~,,,, ' /-. -:',-;',',4,/,‘. it...'f,-•' ,;:-.---, ,---#1,,/,' / '•-:----,----- - „'' ;7'. : :i.';'.''''''i.,:ra.,\\ ''.:b.#,.-;__ 4' iy .',''''',-:#/:/---'-':-- 2- ' ' -,:----'>.±-'.:--'''..- 'i ..'„.......,:f...,,,,,' --:,...=:,-,-.-<.- ..;L----,.,..r,..-,7,.. iiii,'-, ' -!:„..e;-:,• ,',!'-,. --7;;',",,,..... „.,;,....*i-...j.F.T"'-7,* '::. • kit ' 'l4,' 11\' .i I r•,.i,';'..,/, - ,7;",,,- .%:•:•%- —' q "`"-. ''' f ;--.:1;.•,•: .-. .• •, i ',V • ' 1 til,,,,'"';'' -. --i ': - ,-, '4l/4:4 • :•...4-- • -I,ljd tthi . i.itl/4'‘.:. - '`• k '' ,-. ' ' •-,..j,:“. 5-..!"----' '',.. ir. • 7o', ; 'IW4-)4C4r,';'' 4• • 11:1.••,---',A , '..a; tile \t.) ,•,, ; -617.,.. /it: ' /,',.,letV si r.,.7-w?-:&- • -s'i •,77'.-.e..14----,.::4,43.• '•-•,. N.) 1. : , ~..1„ , , •;, ~.,,. ,-,:- - -.....,-,,i c'.. ~,,,,,, ,'.'....- - -„. 4::. ; J,' , . ''.- . '-.;•.;;!, ;:),;;'FO47", ' ...•<,4,-;1, ,„ , ~ ;1 ''• •„' '':' y 4 ' .g.• t-P:4- -44:10:;.,..-'.4,-vss..,---,?!. Ts _,...'l:+,,if' .„4,•t' it • ''f• ',‘, '., ..,..4.ii-:04.,'.-7'...,,,:•:,':::.-::::::::::::::•:-.i•sli---------—;,..-..:1.-f,,s, ..If, • ‘)/e••' / C ''''`k`i•'';',;'&•.;.!-A.,f,..!;'1‘ ..'Vi.:'•••*4- 1 -.•- . •••-:•:::::.,:.;:•':::::.-7:'-'f.-?-r.:%:•-t-.;..:-_-!;,..71:414.:::'''. '• •1` I .4.::,4 \ 'i'• 'e - --= ".. ' j (.': ='=-*.'ev . -..,---'-,•••••••::',...--s;%-....,,i,-_-.:::";-=:,.......i.';', ,iii4.l?„, k•\s, ':.'„\• • ,;.•' ..!. • =,---77t.':, • •'. •,,, . ' ,- •"',l_;--I:••=4'''•-ga-::•--1-:.;_,_;*S„.,,.-5.ire..__.., '',t4t__.l•' .. :.' :4•,t' ' 0 N•,-4,,,/ ,2\ , \ : ';-'-- i --• '...1, ',.. ':5 . !,..:,, ":;::-..,-,-'••-:,€,-,;':"..:,:,::::-,-:,....;,•.:--:" ~,,---:7•11,,,v4," -,' 4.).4.,,-. , ,c,'*•-•t' ' s':-=', 'f f.' it*: ' ' 4e: - OlCTOt.l'.al'i't447,'''t..PC-74..`V''...;:1,', r, .ifier- \ ''.-1;1'1, ' ''' ='-'''.'• "fri''',:. ' '''-- ~:..- ;,:r ,4,•.*.;'..,:e' f ,11..',.:,... 1. , ...:-.'',.._::.:."1111..,"1',',--.1.=-_---,----.-_7'. : - ihkel!!! /. A - -=..----.-.--,-----_,=-----LY' ,u 4..- 111, 'Ar., ; tr --1,-.,:i.•,.-: .......... ~4 ,?....y ~.......,,,,,,,-_,- . ..Ar - ~..: , ~.•.,, . _-,t-:-:----.--,=,-_,:-..:......- • ~,.-,.,,.,4 ... -,,,--,,e,, ... , .. ::,..-r __-.:...--E---_-_,-----,--,--,-- -,,,,, pit , , oi, „ „...::,:.:.:•:.::::-...f....., ~A-„,:;..,e)r. iv,-'Z,..va. .. .;;.,... a': : : . T --.1i.t..z.3---fi.---1----_:::- •••:. , 4,,,Lirs ',r./..11.!;;N:!:ir.,,::::::,...*::::::.., --.1.,.",'...:',"-..--r-,' ei „A5,,7,2'.;;;A, ; ' ,i: ';.,-:.. . :-. :. -:-. ..... 1'....• -: --,,,,Fg4-17-7::::-,-,:-7-,':_._ : .„,..4 4,,W ~,i' .W..\\''.*1:.:•:.:•::::::::::::::' „:,:?:: ::-.:•.?.i:.:., f ';';,.....:‘,.( .; ,„t...;-;,,it,... - .y. 7 ''' _,F.E... ......... --:-...-.32.11--..,1--;:411154#1:.--=_____,-- - 44:.,;.*..kir, ~- .; :::.''',... .',.'....,:_.:::::;:;:',....-': A 4, - ' 's,,, .._-.1.t...,."-,, . -......4.--f-31",i.---,:_---,7,:.,,--., ' -,--_-_----_, .41, •----:',,,,, • . ~ ' •%(...,..`'...;.'..',,A:::,,,::::!': ..'',.,;:::•;-:.;'.4ili,;:•.:1:'-.':::..-.3-:,....,:•-.•'..-•...,,,,,;'--'71'.-j--'1':-4.-..-..-....-•:-.',.•...1'-:-a111--,---:-...-gt--------7:-1-''::-.4.-...-- ...=--=• ''-...': ..'.'s. '''.',,:\,":-:.:E.3.2: 4.."' . )..---"-.:•.- .....1..---:'..-!--'::•.4Z•.--P:',':-.::-..':-:::;-....*•2-.7-.7,-..74ff4t;Ii0k7igt:.•;:',..s, ::: . \*.;-'.::11•`;•.1 '''''7'.4:i!l'.:•'ii.-N?ifiSfialUi-;-; ''''.•;.-.....::.:-....:-.....1:':.::,.::::3t:.."1:-:."-'-:;:--_-,--- 7'Fgtfki, i,lLLlTittilsl:iC.......',::..,..'i4.'l,L'•:?:'',# ~.,•...,AV.'...:-.:t4tEe:::';V- ....':•....-,!........::::....... -.:::.........7:7';------7::::‘:_...,,..*--.V.Atift7g3.1',:'14..'‘......tiM • :::::-:.....:::5.-:,..., :::-.,:!:,i,31:42 • .. ..... .. *'' ' ' '''•:.-.:::::::_-7--=-::::---:----._._.---__,,---r.: ••••,.,,:fi-4,?,4,,,w...:;•,.*,.N•ii:i-3:: •••••••.,-,k.•,:.-:•:-„:,,.....7. ... :•::•:::::::::::77.7.----_,.----- ---:,----'\'.l.W„ .44*::.W.i.0r.:. .:i,:ii,ii.:::,7?:!;>•..-;.-:•....• -..,:,::. , -.......:......., . - • . .. ......:::::::-.:-::.?::?.:1--Y.:.;:;--r•—.V.sktg-f;.:::':', i„. „, ' ** .• - . -tVs%••„, 5w,:...::: . • - • : :- -:•-s----..,-,--:----,...------,0..:'-.:,. 's \'. - -- - - ...--,. -..:::::•m:::,1::::i:. „ •'" ••••t5::,::.,:::::i...??....,„ .......-_---: •.........- - - --- • - '''------- •XW-': •,. \ .::*i..:,*-.'s• . ...4,30,i,i::::•,..;5:-:-;35r. •ii'l ....1:::;F..1.i.,' --:::::::::-:-,5-----:::.- -- ,*,,A \ .s.,' \ \,..;:i•:..... , 3,-_,...,...!ii:ii.,:." • • .-...?"-•.•,..-. .: :::-,•:-:::.W-::-. likk :5 ..i,Yi:Si2, ' t;:'..e'',.:•'.ii:'::,,::f.',"•::':':•'..- '.. • ' '.-...-Er..,n-....-.• .-•••••::::::::•-- _____,../.....%:•Ak;.''', ''.:i.:'•.' -;:r.":-4i4r!'i•:.'.;4.' •. '. .I'. • ..."..V..... •-• ••::::••••.J.:`..f.::::•::::•:0-......4.:-:: '`,::;•.r.•••••:Y•••:::::::S5'.:•-•-: c•kf.:.t:••'::-:'in:li..X. .- - ' •••-- ''''......••'''''''''. ~..;;:,.t.,`..:••.:•••••••,,,....-...::•::.,.. •••••••••••••••.2.:*.'...•.". ... '•:‘,1.::•::::..r.i.:;:.:-;:::::.......;•:...---- '''..- s\\%*si-...::::":;-' ~,;-...::;,, :?,!•,:i...„ ,1 •• •••••'.......''''....4E:'...... ' ' . •::::.7.:;:?2:•7.•••:'‘...-2::::::::::::',':::::-...%.-: .-, ... , ~. '-',i':',..1,•.,::.:%5••:'.•• • • • • •• • • ;,'"•:•.•,.....••• ••• • ~ 2. -2•::::::•:••••••:::::::-:::::::::if5........„-:::::- ...,... „...-0,-. ...... :-., ;• : .'ff;‘•:.}s:;:f',iii.•:*"..:.'•.;•-• - :',-,.:;.:::''-rFf::::..•'.'.......1.... •• . 1 ......::••••;•,-.;:i....-...,.•...........v. % \ ••••,. •••••••••::::•::•::•:-:::::::::::--?."--2--.....--../,-. -,,,,,,E-------/.----1......,:. ''::•:::::;• .'s: • '''''i ...:, -',:i-:•':',.,':'!-;*er4 1 •••• ' "....1-• • ':. '•• ....,...::.*:::i::•:-.7•::-•-•'-'••••••••••••••:••••••••'•••• ••••••••••••:-.••••••:••••••:•:•:•:•:::•:•:•••:::-----::::-.-----_--:::••,:..--;'-',;%-...•;,.-:•.••••%:-: 's • • ::...:,,,,,,,,•:','.,-Z%-..'..'... : :.".,..... ...- - „ .......t.'..l'.:•'•':•--....'----;-:-...:••'••••••:•:•:••••:•::::,:........:•:•:•••••.•:•:••:-:•:,:•:-:,:•:•::•-::•-:::::s..--;-;"•-,-2:-='-', -:•:.,:-....-:/.5:=-::%:'-:•••':::-.' .:t.5',..: -: ••,'•;t: •• e.; • •'.....,...:......'..,,....;,..•.,,..'....:1::::.::::-.•;:-.---:.••••••:••••••••:-.....••::::••••:-:•••:::-:-•••:•:,•:•:.•••••••:•::.•:-.•••••:,,:"•::%-:::.:.,-:::::::.=='5::::.:•:::::1::::%;::''..'" . . • . , _ ..... ~ _. .• . , . _ • • • -- - -- • • - - - - •• • - • • • • ' • • ' - ". ' .. '' . ''. '.. - . '.'' ' . - - ''. - - ' ''''- . . _

===== 0002601_18991027_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
itENNETH CAMPBELL.

Among the uses of cod-liver oil in the human system are three which stand out conspicuously and which possibly are the easiest to understand. These three are, first, as a specific for throat and lung o:tendons; second, as a benefit to the entire alimentary canal; and third, to enrich the blood, and thus raise the standard of health.

In the case to which we invite your special at- tention at this time, cod-liver oil was prescribed as a specific for an attack of bronchitis. The torm in which this oil was taken is explained in the following letter:- 10, Edenvale Road, " Ranelaah, - " Ir3bruary 20th 1899.

" Dear Sirs,—l have great- pleasure in bearing testimony to the wonderful invigorating and re- cuperative powers of Scott's Emulsion, as evidenced by the present state of health enjoyed by my little son Kenneth. Last November the little fellow caught cold, which in a day or two developed into a severe bronchial attack. We called in the doctor, who told us to give the child cod-liver oil in some form or other. We at ence decided to use your Scott's Emulsion, and are now only too glad we did so. In a week the child was up and about, and since then has enjoyed the best of health. He is nineteen mentbs old, and the enclosed photo will

AUTUMN SALE. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. If you wish to buy a High-grade CYCLH at the price of the so-called Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, AND WH WILL SURPRISR YOU.

HITCIIINGS, 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

(From a photograph.)

speak for itself as to his appearance. " I am, gentlemen, yours gratefully, " (Signed) Frank J. Campbell. " Thero is no longer any question about the most practical way to take cod-liver oil. If you take the plain oil your system only has to make an emul- sion of it before it is absorbed, and this requires great digestive effort, for which a weakened system is entirely unfitted. And again, plain cod-liver oil is far from being palatable. In Scott's Emulsion, however, this oil is made palatable, so that chit dren look upon it as a sweetmeat instead of med- icine. In addition to this, Scott's Emulsion does not tax dige3tton and is quickly absorbed into the blood, so that when you take cod-liver oil in the form of Scott's Emulsion, y-,u get the most good out of the oil with the least exertion on the part of the system. In addition to this, Scott's Emulsion contains hypophosphites and glycerine, both of which are very useful in nearly all of the conditions for which cod-liver oil is prescribed. Scott's Emul- sion is not only a specific for throat and lung affec- tions, but is a natural food for a weakened system. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E. C.. and mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

S ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. 6D. AND 10S. 6D. 481 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
I Preston North End v 2 Notts. County ... ...

1 Wolverhampton W v 2 West Bromwich Albion ...

1 Barnley v 2 Manchester City 00.

1 Stoker 2 Blackburn Rovers ...

1 Bolton Wanderers v I 1 2 Leicester FO3BO ... •.., I

1 Chesterfield v 2 Burstein Port Vale

1 Middlesborough v 2 Walsall ... ••• ...

1 Southampton • 2 Reading ... ...

1 Stockport v 2 Warrington ...

1 Barnstaple v 2 Bxeter "•

ON EXAMINER" SERIES COUPON. .or 1143 to do is to repeAt tha number of the Club he selects to win in the

"WARM Each Club is numbered lor 2. All the Competi space provided. If a draw is intended put X. —NOTE.—Don't cut the Coup m into strips, send the complete form. This Competition is run la cJajunation with the " Competition Kay," and ()thee, papers.

NAME

ADDR,SSS CONDITIONS. I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can seal in snore ;Ira one free coupon, Encloie Id. stamp for every other ooupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be en3lose lif all the cpupous on above sheet are used Any number of coupons ,Nsu be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—NO competitor can take more than one share of tie £lO prize. 4.—The coupons must be forwarded to the bixaminer Office Warrington, the envelope to be endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delivered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wednesday's postmark, it will be received up to 5. p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. S.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Order (if any), and num- ber of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct, the fee will be returned. 6.—lathe event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7.—A1l attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the next competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors 9. —The results will appear in the first issue following the result of the matches.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FATALITY AT DALLAIVI.

Recommendation by the Jury. Mr. Brigbouse,county coroner,conducted an inquiry at the Police Station last Thursday afternoon on trio body of Joseph Topping, who met with his death at Dallam Forge, at 10.15 on Tuesday forenoon. From the police report, it appears that the deceased, who was 63 years of age, was engaged with others in unloading steel axles from a railway truck by means of a steam crane. Be was in the truck, and fastened the clips round one of the axles, which was then hoisted, and as it hung in mid-air deceased overbalanced himself, falling on one end of the suspended axle. The clips then became un- fastened, and the axle fell upon the deceased's head, dividing his skull. Be was picked up and found to be dead. The axle was about 6ft lone and weighed 4cwt. Mr. Samuel Davies was foreman of the jury. Mr. Thomas Atherton, juu, represented Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, and Mr. Rogers, factory inspector, was also present. • The first witness called was John Topping, son of the deceased, who lived at 20, Houghton-street. He said his father was a forge labourer, and had been in the employ of the firm for about 39 years. Mr. Atherton explained that as the deceased was an old man lighter employment was found for him than that he had previously had to do. He had been engaged at this particular work about a week. Witness said he was also employed at the works, but ho did not snow how the accident happened. He had, however, seen hundreds of axles unloaded. There had been no previous accident eince the present kind of clip had been introduced. Joseph Wilkes, in the employ of the same firm, said he was engaged with the deceased on the morning in question, unloading the axles. Witness was driving the crane, and when the clip was put round the axle de- ceased gave the signal to witness to hoist up. The de- ceased made a stumble, and made a grab at the suspended axletas it was sailing round with the crane,in order to save hi:nself from falling. The result was that as soon as the deceased touched the axle it oscillated in mid-air, and the clips became unfastened. The axle fell upon the deceased's head, and when picked up be was dead. The clips were carefully examined by the jury, and suggestions made with a view to the plevention of a recurrence of a similar accident. Witness in answer to Mr. Rogers, said he had known the axle strike a waggon and not fall out. Mr. Downes (a juryman) expressed the opinion that the open space in the clip might have been the cause of the accident. The Coroner: Do you think so? I think the grip is just the same. Mr. Downes : If the grip had been a proper one would the accident have occurred ? The Coroner: No one anticipated a man getting hold of the axle. The firm provide for tie unloading of axles in:e certain way; they never anticipated that this unfor- tunate accident would have happened, and that a man would fall out of a waggon and get hold of one end of the axle. A Juryman : Why should the oscillation of the axle release it from the clip ? Mr. Atherton : We cannot account for that. The more fact that the clips have served their purpose for a number of years without any accident happening shows that they are suitable for the purpose. Mr. Dowries: These clips are much worn. Ido not think the accident would have happened if the clips had come closer together. The Coroner : Do you think the firm must provide apparatus on the off-chance of a man falling out of a waggon Mr. Downes : I don't say that. The Coroner (to Mr. Atherton) : Are the clips used for axlcs of different degrees in diameter ? Mr. Atherton : 'Desna axles are now all of One diameter ? & Juryman : Don't you think it would be safer if the Clips came closer together when holding the axles? Mr. Atherton : As a practical man I should say the grip of the clips was stronger when the clips are apart, and I think these are suitable clips for the purpose. Thy were made spec?, tly for this work. Thomas Gilmour as the next witness called, and stated that he had been 28 years in the employ of Messrs Pearson and Knowles, and 16 years of that time as fore- man. He thorouehly understood the work involved in unloading the steel axles as he had superintended the work. He had heard the opinion expreesed by jurymen that the axles would he been held securer if the clips were larger and fitted closer. He differed from that opinion. The axles were gripped better when the clips were apart. If they met togeth3r the axle would be more liable to slip out. When the deceased grasped the axle it caused it to " head up" in the air and the sudden jerk released it from the clips. Inspector Rogeis said he was certainly of opinion that te firm had exercised due cieflauce in carrying out the ht, but it was quite possible to have a little more Acety. It struck him that the clips did not come quite lose together as they might be made to do, but he not impute any carelessness to the firm. r. Dewnes said he must contend that the c lips.id mot Ogether sufficiently well to make them sate

Inspector Rogers said seeing that one of these axles bad been released from these clips, the firm might try by reducing the opening at the bottom, to make it less possible for a similar accident to occur. The Coroner stated that for the purpose for which they had been provided, the clips had been found useful and successful. It was never anticipated that a man would get hold of the axle. If the jury were going to say to the firm, you must make another set of clips, when were they going to prove that they were better than those in use ? They would not be able to find out whether they were better until another accident happened. He did not like to tell an employer how he Inuit carry on his business unless be was perfeetly justified in saying something. It might react on him if a suggestion of his were carried out, and resulted in an accident. The employer would not then be blameable, but the person who had made the suggestion. A verdict of" Accidental death" was returned, and the jury recommended that new clips be provided and that they should fit closer. The Coroner (to Mr. Atherton): No doubt that recommendation will receive your favourable considera tion ? Mr. Atherton : It will sir.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY OF WARRINGTON Conservative Criticism of Alderman

Roberts.

At a meeting of the Council of the Warrington Conservative Association on Thursday, Mr. PETER NAYLOR said that in regard to the selection of Alderman Roberts as Mayor, the bulk of the Conservative party had not been consulted in the matter, and he for one strongly objected to buch an action. Alderman Roberts was a man who, if he got the chance would murder every virtue of their Conservative principles. Mr. W. MILLS said he wished to enter a most emphatic protest against the selection for a Tory b!)rough of a Radical Mayor. He believed the dignity of the town could not be safely entrusted to the hands of Alderman Roberts who a few weeks ago used language in the Town Council which how- ever well it might be suited to Billingsgate was not usually employed in polite eociety. He also objected to Alderman Roberts's policy in regard to the licensing question. He sought to do away with licenses, which was unfair to the consumer and only tended to create a monopoly, Councillor BENNETT asked in the name of com- mon sense what else they could do but allow their opponents to nominate a candidate when they themselves could not provide a Mayor. Mr. PEACOCKE moved an amendment that they should not be bound to the compromise in muni- cipal elections for two years. This was seconded by Mr. H. HOUGHTON, but after a long discussion the amendment was with- drawn and the resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MK% rCZ.....A,

CARTER'S LITTLE I IVER PILLS. Pill. BEAUTIFUL TEETH . Dose. for all who nso daily on the tooth ird,d Price. ,rnsii a few drops of Forty in a SOZODONT • vial. ' pleasantest denLifrics Put Vege- world. cable. Cleanses the teeth and spaces C,lre Torpid Liver, tfiie. between them as nothing else St-•;11ow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly white heir Headaches promptly : teeth. IC OSy lips, and fru ~-ra.11.1 and etu e them SO .LS breath ensured. wred. j. Mlk Lizr SOZOINaLiT. doi.

trt

'.eT Et; 1 ITLE fIIER

===== 0002601_18991027_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSii ThETH BouGHT Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disuiled false teeth, which might as well be turned into money. Messrs. R. D. & J. B. Fraser, of Princess-street. Ipswich (established since 1884), buy old false teeth. If you stud you teeth to them they will remit you by return of post the utmost value ;or if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reterence necessary, apply to Messrs. Bacon it Uo., Bankers pewich.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, OCTOBEIt 27, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18991027_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING Ho T.TBE Earlestown

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green .. *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioie (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction..., Church-at., C-olborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6p. time as letters.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire . Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport.Prescot. Wigan, orm s- kirk With) & Earlestown London, Foreigx, and the South Alldland Counties 8c South Wales Preston, Noroh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester ...... Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland alasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester Loudon and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, gastern Countios, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 5 Eastern Counties ..

a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 „ }.ll-30 „ }ll-4b

} 12-0

k 2-15 p.m.

2-1 b „ 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

WEEK-Dsrs. 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.ra. and 5-30 p.m. 945 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. arid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 .m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p in. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.rn Ind 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil, Nil.

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

Nil. 10-15 a.zn

from the zteceiving Office at Hark ~m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

I To I By I Callers. Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m

3-15 in.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18991027_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey orw bite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly eeautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d r bottle. —A dvt•

ELASTIC AND JEAN SURGICAL BELTS.—Highly recom- mended by the Medical Proteesion for completerlrysua rompiporit ing, strengthening, and improving the figure. joe 8s 6d. to 435. each. Address the Ladies' Attendant. Artificial Legs, Hands, and Arms.—WHITE AND WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers. 93, Henshaw-street (topof Bold-street), Liverpool.—Advt. (2). CLAIIKE'S B 41 PILL are warranted to cure, in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . Hstatlished upwards of 3J years. In boxes 43. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th cough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Inc Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt

FLORILINE I—Fo R THE TEETH AND BREA:TH.—Thoroughly Cleanses the teetii from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's ** STARCH GLOSS isunvqualled for imparting a bf,autiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :z.-My wile will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, C lazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro. sire it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lixtra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18991027_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.ln

===== 0002601_18991027_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
1 / E.2_9-9 9_9_2 Q 52.9 22/5UL9.1.2.511-9-2-52-9-J

A BOON TO WEAK MEN. A N originally scientific means of Curing Nervcus Debility, 11l and its Various Ph Meal anti Nervous Ailments, with- 'out the use of Nauseous Stomach Medicines.

--- The Method is easy and sure, aud a Permanent and Effective Cure is Ensured in all cases of Weakness in Young and Old Men. A fully Explanatory Pamphlet sent sealed, poet free, 3 stamps—Address, C. D. MUltii.A.Y, 7, 6outlsarnploa Row High Holborn, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
g,256 '

A .

ver Cas

kiiiian'i: CASH PUCE.

FA 71:5 4 • 4 qCs:

Just tho Watch for British Working Men. The MA R VEL of the 20th CENTURY. 5 472 73;1* Tif7q WC(' q 1.741 0 N ENOLISEI LEZTA-R.

wi4l the 1,0...1ie to buy a Good LONDON- YV ENG SI.-1 LEVER, instead of common coun!,ry-mude I.;:rfziish, Swiss, or American work, and are tqll.) wiil find it much cheaper in 11t3 lor.g ruu, hr-nce our intro- duction of this Watch for those %;Lo do not wish to spend more than £3

.o movement is ;1-rl.ate of our best London make. ,jmelied in 7 actions. In Alassive Sterling So.ver Crystal Glass Cass. Sent free and safe at onr risk, to all parts of the World for cash, or P. 0.0. ,

AIES from £2 to i5(10. CLOCKS, CHAIN'S, ENGAGEMENT PLATE. (to., &C. Pcst fr6o on al:Vice...Lion.

7.11 V.4".n 041 'IRO 5 ,fr,;t .11.2z5

LEYEr WATCHES

can only be excelled b the New Engli,ih Lever described above. A ii,ound Watch at a very low price. In Sterling Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, price £2. Unequalled by any other Watch sold at the prL•e.. Sacefions of Watches or Jeweleru sent free on receipt of reference. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent free by post at our risk to all parts of the World or Cash for Post Office Order. "a

A : ,174'a ;' a EàVSjJ fi

M. TEE QUEEN'S V7-11.11,1AKERS, THE STEAM FACTORY-

62 & 64, LUDGATE Will LONDO

CLOCKS for Presentation Church. School, a!7:cl Public Elul!ding& PAIITICULA-US POST

, .., ...,,..•,..,,., „,,..,,),,,..... frlif., I BEsi'r lih.i4U.b; in ll'. IlAiil-.L,r. _rcr In Sarbr CO li.. . - 4*.i•bf-----.11 , , • , lvt'' i4v k,.\,,,,i%ciT,—.. , , .. • TO4 E N S ON' ri BOGY.. of WATC " RINGS, BROOCHES, In SP: _ IF-, l'i; ' , ----,--__A;. ..__.... ' --- i „,.. . ...,„,:, • ." , , s li l''' ,' , , , J M .DISGN. I'S' . L.CNDCN. ~/ " I , I . tl. I. ' ' 'V • t., i : , V , ~..

0 c.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
DIEA.WIN'S

EatSs 3LOMIVIDICSObT Delicious and Wholesome.

A PERFECT FOOD containing valuable Medicinal Properties.

There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article.

IF YOU WANT A JOLLY CHRISTMAS, MAKE YOUR MINCE

PIES FROM DEAKIN'S CELEBRATED MINCE MEATS

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
',.., •',. vl ,A, ,',,,, , 444 ;.:4:. r .:.y., ~,., - •,, -,:'- ',Ai, ~..,,,=: ~,,, 9 --*. ..., ~ •. ......„.. .v. . 1,. .. ~..,... „,.., ...,..„, .....„,.„• ti, , .„, z -,, ~:4, ..,,' --:,,,, ~,,, A ,t, .I._ • t-t, , ~„ , c• • .:'-' !,..1 ;110,6 ** , ',:,V ',. t„;‘,. • . ~ N • • ~,,--,••• , • ,: • . ' . . , ..., 'Z''• ~':, , ' . , .i • ~ ~%'. ....

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Nen.claou.). Constuatinn9 Wind,

Weak Sc [impaired Digestions

o:wrziereJ iher & Fo=iale Aliraants.

Prep:recl only by the Proprietor. Tnom 13Er.c1&Am, St. Helens, Lancashire, in VA. (56 pills; and '2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

cr.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD FAMILY EDICI ‘E CHEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved 'many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple fon-. Take some good Compound such .af.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS/ as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observe;

FREE FROM MERCURY,

===== 0002601_18991027_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
C CKLE'S

ANTIBILI v.„

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Ladies' Ailments. S peedy relief will be derived by taking at once Mrs. Clair's famous 'Specific." Known for 20 years as the Safes' and Most Effectual Me. icine of its kind. Cures all Irregu- larities and Promotes and Maintains Regular Health. Testi- monials Daily. Avoid Imitations. Post free (under corer), price 2s. 9d., 4s 9d., and lie, per case. MllB. N. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings. London, W.O. Particulars ant Advice for Stamped Address. N.B.—Not to be taut kr Illegal Purposes.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SYMINGTO N S

EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all 109-

Grocers.

GUARANTEED PURE.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
latttrs to the (I.2„biter, _ _ _ , __- NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor. Matters intended for publication must tv3 written on one

side only of the paper. Correipondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short totter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

" ENVIRONMENT " AT THE FIELD CLUB. Sir,—On Friday, the 20th ult., Mr. A. J. Jolley in a paper on " Some) Effects of Environment." gave a very able reieumi of the arguments and facts of evolution as effected by the influence of the surroundings. Very naturally such a subject could not be dealt with fully without reference to the doctiine of final causes ; the subject is so intimately connected with teleology that it is almost impossible to deal with the one and leave the other untouched. The Lecturer showed that to the man who rejects revelation, Pope's dictum of " Looking up from nature to nature's God," is simply an impossibility and that Paley's Design Arguments had been Cone to death by Darwin, and in fact are now merely the wreck of a once goodly ship upon the sands of time. When the time for discussion arrived, then the mem- bers began to show the influence of their surroundings. One member used the argument of the time it requires to saturate wood with water; which, although a wooden argumeat, would be a good one if turned. It does re- quire a very long time to get evidential facts into a head previously steeped in traditional fables. Not a few of the speakers showed the influence of their guardian en- vironment by posing as evolutionists while retaining a special creationist creed. Not having the faintest con- ception of the necessities of logical consistency, they try to run with the hare of Paley and to hunt with the Dar- winian hounds, anti a terrible muddle they make of it ! I thought the President put the climax oa when he averred that, however puppies varied they were still puppies ! They never evoluted into cats ! Now our worthy chairman is one of a very numerous class, who must have the process of evolution perfenmed before their eyes like a conjuring trick. lock ! Presto ! This dog has become a pig!! Slightly childish, but very natural to minds steeped when young in special creationism and the limited chronology of tradition. My view of the matter is that no honour can accrete to God by maintaining obvious error ; that the God of truth must be best pleased to see His children seeking to attain the truth with all the earnestness and powers possessed by their finite nature, and, conversely, ever ready to abandon ideas impressed upon their young minds by too narrow an environment.— Yours, Scc., Penketh, October 23rd, 1899.

JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. J. L. TUNSTALL AND THE ASSISTANT

OVERSEb:RnIIIP.

Sir,—ln reply to Mr. Councillor Monks' letter pub- Retied in your issue of the 14th iust., I find it necessary, after further inquiry, to admit the literal accuracy of Mr. Monks' statement with regard to Mr. Smith, and I theretore frankly withdraw my denial of it. 'Dais does not, however, in any material degree, affect the merits of the question, for it was never intended by the sub- committee of the nuance Committee from the first to permanently employ Mr. Smith. ludeEd, at the first of the meetings referred to by Mr. Monks, the sub-com- mittee absolutely declined to commit themselves to the permanent employment of any of my staff, and asked me to ascertain it they, or such of them as were not re- tained, would Wept a year's salary as compensation for loss of office. 1 found that they were not prepared to do tio, and at my second meeting with the sub-committee, further urged their retention. Mr. Coriumdor Green, to my surprise, at once offered to take them over on the seine conoitions upon which they held their appoint- ments with me, but when I asked that there should be an honourable understanding that they were subject to good behaviour, to be permanently retained, Mr. Green oeclined to give any such undertaking, the obvious in- ference being that the object was to get rid of some or one of them at suort notice. I pointed this out to the ' committee,and it was then euggested,l forget by whom, hut I believe by Mr. Mimics, that the committee might undertake to retain them for a shert period, and inci- dentally the question of Mr. Smith's position on the staff, it some such arrangement were made, was die- Graeae!. I insisted that Mr- Smith should not be sub- jected to the control of an officer of the Corporation. who, years before, had threatened him with what is now happening, but the committee declined to accede to this, and toe negetiatioes came to an end. I. of course, related the circumstances to Mr. Smith, and it appears that in a sabsequeut private coo- versation with Mr. Woodcock, Mr. Smith in- formed him that he approved of the course I had taken, and would abide by it. But, that Mr. Smith ever lead any opportunity given to him to enter the employ of the Corporation with any prospect ef per- manent retention, I utterly oeny. Worst does Mr. Monks say in his last letter? "The Sub-Committee declined to entertain or acknowledge any liability in respect of Mr. Smith and the other clerks in the office." And what dues Mr. Green say in his last letter? Refer- ring to myself, he says "he could make no possible mis- take as to the Committee's intention, for it was pointed out to him over and over again, that the Corporation would not require so large a staff, and, in particular, Mr. Smith was continually referred fa as the one least likely to be required." Yet, irethe face of this, Mr. Monks tells us that Mr. Smith nes himself to blame. The statements are not consistent. I agree with Mr. Monks that the whole of the negotiations were on the one question of the staff, and for this reason, I have been quite unable to under itand why I should have been attacked personally. Mr. Monks thinks I have been treated generously. My view is that the Sub-Com- mittee have treated me fairly, beaus I held an official position under the pro:, c:ion of Parliament and the Local Government Board, and consequently, they could not oust me on other terms, but as regArds my staff, there is no reason for a modification of m, view, that their treatment has been shabby in the extreme. I now have to reply in detail to Mr.Councillor Green's letter. Mr. Green expresses his anxiety that the public should have the opportunity of judging whether his version is correct, or mine. That this description does not apply to Mr. Green's veision, I think I shall presently be able clearly to demonstrate. Mr. Green, ',a,-,wever, desires firstly to make the stattiment tbat "he was not the anther at this movement to amalgamate the offices, and that it was neither suggested by nor , originated with him." Why is Mr. Green so anxious to alairk responsibility in the matter if a right and proper cciutse of actioa Wei been pursued ? Mr. Green apper- ently forgets the proverb " Qui s' excuse s' accuse." , Mr. Green goes on to say :—" The necessity for a change began, in my opinion, so lone ago as May. 1897, when the Local Government Board, dissatisfied upon the repert of their auditor, wrote the Board of Guardians advising a change." If Mr. Green means te imply that he first moved in the matter in 1897, I have eo say that this is not true, nor is it true that the Local Government Board expreKei any dissatisfac- tion upon the report of their auditor. Nor is it true that tney advised a enange. The Corperation applied to the Local Government Board for the powers in ques- tion in 1894, and Mr. Green, as chairman of his cemmit- , tee, had the conduct of the matter. One of the District Auditors. who, in 1897, for the first time audited the Warrington accounts, advised a change, but the Locall Government Board, after asking for the observations of

_ the Guardians of the Warringte; Union, who expressed the opinion that no present reelon existed for interfer- ence with the subsisting arrangements, ignored his - recommendation. Again, Mr. Gr.eeti writes :--"Mr. Tunstall can never be charged i with neglecting his inter- ests, for he has been able to ;nfluence the Corporation from time to time, and so get his pcsition strengthened in the various local provisional orders." This statement is a'so untrue, and without the shadow of any foundation in fact. Moreover, it i 3 absurd on the face of it, for the Act under which the provisional crders in question have been granted, specifically pro- vides that " the Local Government Board shall make sueli provisions as may seem necessary and just for the preservat;on of the existing interests at paid officers." It is obvious that there was no necessity for any attempt to influence the, Corporation. Mr. Green admire in his letter that at my second interview with the Sub-Com- mittee " the negotiations broke off." Yet, at a meeting of the Town Council, subsequent to that interview and held on the 7th January last, he said the negotiations were still proceeding. Evidently, in Mr. Green's view the expressions " the negotiations broke off " and "the negotiations are still proceeding " are synonymous, and Mr. Green, not satisfied with making such a series of reckless statements, must needs, in his unctuous recti- tude, lecture others upon their moral obligations. With regard to my interview with Mr. Fairhurst. Mr- Green states that my published version is very different from that iathe possession of the Committee, hut as he does not point out the al'egerl dieerepancy, I have to content myself with affirming that all I have stated is true both literally and in substance. Mr. Green talks about the compensation due to me being left to the L'Cal Government Board ard again he refers to the powers of the Treasury to make deductions and so forth. Mr. Green is really talking nonsense. Neither the Local Government Beard nor the Treasury have anything to do with the matker,otherwise it would net have been necessary for the Corporition to promote special legislation. The report of the Local Government Board upon the Bill of the Corporation has been referred to and Mr. Green says it was distinctly in favour of the scheme of the Corporation. When the report was received an intimation was conveyed to me which origi- nated in official quarters, that it was " dead against me "and, as instructions had been given that upon no account was anyone to be allowed to see it en my behalf, my solicitor advised me te come to terms with the Com- mittee and I did so. Having since obtained a copy of the report I have been able to ascertain Mr. Green's notion of what is " distinctly in favour of the scheme of the Corporation." This scheme consisted ot five clauses, Nos. 111 ta 115. As to the clause 111 and 113 the Board express their opinion that they should not be allowed. The Board suggest the omission of clause 112, and with regard to clause 114 they say " If the suggestions of the Board with regard to clauses 111 and

To MOTHER9.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a button."Of all Chemists ls lfd per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
113 are acceptsd, the Board sus t that this clause should be re-modeiled." Clause 115 related to forms of demand notes and similar immaterial matters. Truly a favourable report. As regards the prop )sed termination of my appointmerits the 13,.ard submit no proposals in either direction. They merely point out that "there is in udice a collector of poor tates, appointed by the Guardians under orders of the Poor Law Board, who is also assistant overseer under appJintment by tke Vestry " and they further pint out the proper means for terminating the appointments in question if the Committee of the House of Commons should be of opinion from the evidence that the circumstances of the case are such as to justify the adoption of that course. When the Bill was bsfore the House of Comm/ma:Com- mittte Mr. Boyce, standing Counsel to the Local G3a,ernment Board during the course of the proceedings addressed the following statement to the Counsel for the Corporation :—" You have power to appoint assistant- overseers, but you cannot get rid of the present person who is in office."

_ Mr. Green's assertion that " all recent legislation clearly suggested amalgamating such offices, and later still the Royal Commission on rating distinctly urged it in its report " is somewhat belatea. There is a later precedent, viz :—The legislation establishing Municipal Boroughs throughout the metropolis. In this case Mr Balfour declined to confer the duties with regard to the registration of voters upon officers who were not coin-. patent by experience and training to properly perform them, and the Town Clerks have been made responsible for the performance of those duties. I might considerably extend my criticism of Mr Green's asseverations, but the process, whilst necessary owing to Mr. Green's challenge, is decidedly unpalat- able and lam glad to be able to turn to the merits of the question, which was in the first instance the only one in dispute —the treatment of the staff. Both Mr. Monks and Mr. Green admit that they ought to be corn- , pensated, but they think this should be done at my ex- pease. Why they can take such a view I cannot imagine. My retirement has been forced upon me by the Corporation at a loss of one third of my net income from the offices in question and because in the process the retirement of my clerks has been forced upon them also by the Corporation it is suggested that I should compensate them. The compensation paid to me was ch.arly not intended to include any con pensation:to my staff, because a separate compensation to them was sug- gested by the sutecemmittee at my fint interview with them. The staff were paid out of my own pocket and had I chosen p2rsonally to devote more tinsta to the duties et the office instead of employ- ing others, I should have been entitled to commensurate compensation. Oa the other band, had my clerks held official positions, they would have been receiving the same remuneration, and my emoluments would not have been reduced, and in that case, they would have been legally entitled to compensation, so that the whole case turns upon the legal quibble as to official appoint- ment. The duties of the staff have been performed in a most efficient manner, and so far as a comparison is 'possible, (and this is so in the case of the collection of rates) they have been more efficiently performed thanthe similar duties devolving upon officers of the Corporation and at a smaller cos:. I take Mr Green's own figures, for in a letter published by him on the thh March last, he states the cost of collection by the Corporation at 1•07 per cent. I take it, that the calculation was based upon the work of the immediately preceding year. In the same year, the collection in the Overseers office was £29,001 21 9J., and the cost, readily and absolutely ascertainable, because it arises in respeet of kseparate appointment, with separate pay,was £285, equal to •983 per cent. There was no occasion te dis- turb my staff, because there is plenty of work for them to do. If the staff of the Borough Treasurer's depart- moat is able to undertake the duties, the obvious infer- ence is that they have not enough to do now, so that , there will be a paper saving by reason of the fuller em- ployment of a staff beyond present requirements. Be- yond this, there will, no doubt, be some saving to begin with by the employment of less experienced and cheaper labour. That there will be any real saving in the long run, Ido not, for one moment believe. The change will not be to the public advantage, and an injustice has been done in the saerlice of one staff for the benefit of another.—l am, sir, your obedient servant, J. L. TUNSTALL.

Warrington, October 20th, 1899. THE RATEPAYERS' ASSOCIATION AND MR. J. SHAW-GREF,N.

Dear Sir,—The announcement made het week that Messrs. A. J. Jolley and L. Greening were being nomina- ted, and would probably b 3 elected to fill certain vacant seats in the Council Chamber, would I believe be hailed with satisfaction in most quarters of the town. The first-named gentleman has not only rendered con- spicuous se:vices, but has shown such exceptional administrative ability as a member of the Board of Guardians as to mike it desirous that he should have an opportunity of rendering services on behait of his native town.

My special object, howevsr, in writing is to express a note of regret that it should be the intention of the Ratepayers' Association to bring a candidate into the field against the re-election of Mr. J. Shaw Green. That a Ratepayers' Association well managed and judicially handled can render valuable services no one I think will venture to deny. Such associations have and are rendering efficient services in various pars of the Coun- try and events have proved the wisdom of having a siinilar association in Warrington- The attempt however on the part of this association to oust a man of the calibre of Mr. Green is to my mind to perpetrate a " blunder" and is caleulated not to bring any credit to the association. And their best friends will not hesitate to tell them so.

It is scarcely nee issary for me to say that Mr. Green has a greater knowledge of the Corporation's finances than any other member of the Council. He has not only merited the position he occupies as ohairman of the Finance Committee bat his business experience as an accountant naturally adapts him for the position. His colleagues in electing him to that position certainly showed their collective wisdom. His is not a case at all of a " round peg being placed in a square hole." In addition to his financial knowledge Mr. Green is a man of more than average ability and he is, which is the greatest force of all—a man of moral fibre—and thus possesses the qualities which help to meke an ideal councillor. He has well-earned and I believe does com- mand the respect and confidence of most of the inhabit- ants of Warrington and it is generally acknowledged that he i 5 one of the ablest councillors that the town possesses. I have no hesitation in saying that if the present Council were to be asked to select six men to represent them on an important matter, Mr. Green would be one of the six to be so chosen, and not to b 3 the last of the six to be chosen either.

It seems to me very singular that as he was the nominee at one time of the Association that they should at this important time turn their backs upan him-- especially after the arduous and efficient serviccs he has rendered the town. Their action, en the face of it, savour' either of Ingratitucle or thoughtlessness. By making the attempt they will only alienate the sympathy of many citizens from themselves and thus prevent the carrying out of many good objects they may have in view. By carrying out a policy of this kind they will simply be copying the worst side of party politics in municipal life which seaks to " oust" excellent men, because they happen to be in the camp of their political opponents irrespective of the merit of such individuals. One of the objects of a Ratepayers' Association is to check this evil so unfortunately prevalent, and thfrefore, the Warring- ton Ratepayer' Association,lunless they can show good cause to the contrary, are, in making the attempt to prevent the return of Mr. Green, only stultifying them- selves. _ _ _

In coiclusion I will say that if he was qualified when they nominated him, some years ago, he is aftar the ex- perience gained,doubly qualified now.—Yours faithfully, E. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

A Farmer's Son's Death at a Football Match.

lAt the Sessions House, Lymm, on Monday, before Mr. Dobson, coroner, an inquest was held touching the death of Samuel Edgar Williamson, of Warburton. James Williamson, father of the deceased boy, said he was a farmer. The boy asked leave to go to the foot- ball match at Lymm. He was in good health, and a little after two he let him go. He also got his mother's leave to go. He did not see him alive again. He was a healthy boy and not subject to fits. Peter Brooks, labourer, said he was at tbe match on Saturday, and about four o'clock he saw the boy stand- ing near him. He dropped against him and said," I am going to die." He did net hear him speak again though he was near him for ten minutes. Soon after Sergeant Garner came, he " stretched out and gave two bits of twiches and was gone." He shot straight out. He was a straneer to all around, Sergeant T. Garner said he saw deceased, and he was among the spectators and lying down. His face was flushed and his eyes fixed. His pulse was still. He re- sorted to artificial respiration for some time, but he was quite satisfied the lad was dead. He had him conveyed to the Fleece Hotel, where he was soon after attended by Dr. Williamsm. Dr. W. W. Williamson said he examined the body of the deceased. He had known the family over ten years and incidentally the boy. The family were of a highly nervous disposition, and the boy hurried away from his work to get to the match. He believed that he died from angina pectoris, which g,enerally 61ed to sudden death. He thought that no time had been lost, and Sergeant Garner in trying to restore respiration had done everything possible for the boy. A verdict according to the medical evidence was re- turned.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, 00T013ER 27. 1899.

Lltloll CONSIDERABLY SURPRISED,

(BY THE "SCORCHER.")

Some people—certainly not natives of Runcorn— cousider lam " drawing the long-bow," when I credit Runcorn with being the best Rugby combin- ation this season has producei. Yet, if they follow the doings of the team as closely as myself; watch each individual that goes to mike the whole, and weigh all up, comparatively, with other inlividual players and teams, they would see wherein the great secret of Runcorn's success lies. Again, let us go back to the date—March 4th last when " the rut in the lute," consequent on the attitude of certain Runcorn players, was repaired ; and to when Ritncorn faced Oldham as a united whole, at Runcorn, and beat them. Why! Siuce that date—with the single exception of the etock- port match—Runcorn have won 12 Northern league contests out of 13, and eleven of the victories were consecutive. These figures are authentic, and there is no " long-bow" about them. It is, however, more particularly with the Leigh match that I have to deal this week. The result was a surprise to Leigh. and to some extent a surprise to Runcorn. The home team were naturally confident of victory, but ow- ing to the sligkt disorganization in their ranks some doubt was felt as to the issue. As I observed last week, however, the doubt was but sufficient to add a bit of spice to the encounter. A peculiarity of the game was the way in which Leigh always secured possession from tie scrummages, a feat they accomplished almost evey time: perhaps Runcorn did get it half-a-dozen times : but though Leigh had the making of of the game every time, the speed and keenness of the home forwards inevitably triumphed, and what should have been an advantage often proved other- wise. At back Leigh were far outclassed, and not on a single occasion did the home team allow them to get anywnere near their uprights to hazard a drop, though Runcorn backs often ventured a shot, and one from Butterworth proved productive. Of course it is natural to suppose that Leigh attributed their loss to the fact that Dunbavin was absent, but no one will say that they were any worse handicapped than were the" Linnets" who were without the services of Faulkner. Unless of course the secret lies in the fact that Nickson was a better man than Hall; a concession that Leigh would hesitate to grant. The game was a hard one throughout, and the victory gained one of Run- corn's most brilliant successes, which clearly illus- trated that Runcorn have a first reserve of a very high order, and one well capable of uphold- ing the prestige of the club. I noticed that Jones the fast wing man was absent and some people expressed the opinion that he should be reinstated, to those people 1 would say I "Be patient ?" The people who select the team are desirous of winning every match, and are saving and preserving their men, as a result of the lesson learnt at Stockport. One thing that the match will bring about is certain, and that is a spirited en- counter at Leigh. In the meantime there will have to be an improvement on Leigh's part or a deterior- ation on the part of Runcorn if things are to be re- versed.

Next Saturday the 03unty match takes preced- ence, and eight of the Runcorn fifteen are again called upon to battle for the"three wheat sheaves." They are: Houghton, back; J Butterworth, three- quarter; Jolley and Faulkner, halves; Lightfoot, Walker, Gayter, and Farmer, forwards. They can all ba depended upon to play for all they are worth and so far express willingness to turn out.

to, and supported by, the public of Runcorn without distinct tion as o churcoes. The Council is in full agreement with your Committee on this point, and would remind you that this was the original prouosition with regard to the nurse. Your statement that " I myseld proeosed to raise money to employ a nurse as part of the p trochial staff " dues not Wye a correct actiount of the origin of the Nerse Fund. It is within the recollection of some members of this Council that the late Mrs. Henry White always asserted that she origina- ted the idea of a District Nur te, and viewed with alarm your subsequent attempt to make parochial capital out of it. She worked hard to effect the compromise you refer to, and it was the unsatisfactory result of her endeavours in this direction thet gave rise to such misgiving on the part of the Nonconformists of the town. In view of these circumstances, your claim to be the founder of the Distrfct Nurse Fund is open to question. Whilst unanimous in their condemnation of your unfairness ha the matter, Nonconformists were divided as to the policy of dealing with the situation. One section asserted that you had changed the letter of the scheme, toe more readily to obtain public money, whilst the spirit of your policy remained as sectarian as before ; they therefore refused te subscribe at all, The other section decided to keep in touch with the matter, hoping that eventually some more equitable arrangement might be effected. We are simply stating the facts of the case at the time the Nurse Fund was started. The Free Church Council voices the wrung which individuals could only press at the risk of being embroiled in a purely persoaal conflict. The Council gladly reeagnisee that you do not claim the right to the chair MI the Vicar of the Parish, bet we would point out that this is the rule which you adopted. viz : —" The Vicar of Runcorn shall be e •-officio Chairman," and in view of your admission that the nurse is in no sense a parochial but a dis- teict nurse, the wisdom of your accepting the chairmanship as Vicar if Runcorn, which you say the kindness of the promo- ters promoted them to offer you, is open to question, but that your successor should be able to claim the chair after you in virtue of the rule relating to the chairmanship is sin unques- tionable wrong, and we are surorised that your Committee should fail to recognise the unfairness which is involved. As to the constitution of the Committee and the association of the work with the Vicarage, we think that in common fair- ness, the chairman of the committee should never have allowed the influence of the Established Church to preponder- ate so larzely in what is a purely District Nurse Institution. It is indeed odious to have to deal with an unfair situation, but if your committee can imagine the Wesleyan Methodist Minister arranging for himself and successor a perpetual chairmanship, accepting a committee with 90 per cent. of his own communion upon it, and identifying his manse with the transaction of all the business Ira the case of a distinctly distlict organisation they will realise the feelings of those wile view with censure any attempt to turn public charity to sectarian ends. Your attempt to apportion the contributions is most unfair. We would remind you that all the money has been obtained for a district nurse on a purely district totals, and that many of the subscribers are oblivious of the facts about which :we complain. But if a scheme of distribution is to be attempted, then the substantial sums given by the various public companies end clubs must stand to the credit or a town's nurse controlled by a popular authority without sectarian bias,for these lIIIMB would doubt- less be transfeezed to such an organisation if its establish- ment became a necessity, such necessity we should deeply esaplere and would do all in our power to avert. The Coun- cil trusts that your Cenanaittes en reconsidering these points, will take seine steps to redress the wrongs complained of. As to your personal Chairmanship, we think you would hold it with a firmer grip if it were left in the hands of the annual meeting of the Nurse Fund. As tothe constitution of the Committee, we think the adoption of a number of additional names woald meet the situation. As to the place of meeting, we feel that the district character of the Nurse Fund shou d not be obscured by reasons of personal convenience on the part of the members of the Committee, but that the place or places of meeting should be in harmony with the unsectarian ghat acter of the nurse's work. The Council does not at the present moment challenge the practical good which you say ehe Nurses have done, nor does the Council in any sense seek to imperil the success of the enterprise. It is a work we have et heart equally with your Committee, and we repeat our assurance ot increased support if this institution is put on a setiefectory basis. The present one-sided constitution of the fond is theigrevest peril to its success, and a stumbl- ing block to those who would like to help in the work, and we teal that it will become necessary to appeal te the piebiie of Runcorn in Lhe interests of a separate Nurse Fund unless these wr eases of which we complain are redressed.-4 am sir, yours faitillully,

JOSliiii OSBORN% (Secretary to the Council.) June Ist.

To the Rev. J. Osborne.

Dear sir.—l beg to acknowledge the receipt of your com- munication of the lit inst. which has to-day been sub nitted Co the Nurse Committee, I at* to say that the committee find in it no fresh mlller for consider ition, and are of opini,m that a reference to their former letter will furnish your Courmil with sufficient infeimation as to the view they take of the whole subjeat. —I am sir, your obedient servant, The Vicarage, June 14th, 1399.

A. MAITLAND WOOD.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

P.S.A.

The usual weekly meeting oF. the P.S.A. wa held in the Co-operative Hall, ltlarlestown, on Sun- day afternoon, Mr. C. H. Ainsworth presiding. The meeting wais really in connection with theiHope of Earlestown Lpdge of G3od. Templars anniversary, and a temperance address was given by the Rev. J. A. Lee of Liverpo3l. The vocalist was Atle Siretc, and Mrs. Latimer presided at the piano. THE VALUE OF COTTAGE PROPERTY AT EA.RLE3-

===== 0002601_18991027_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN.

An abortive property sale to)k place at Newton Market Inn, Earlestown, on Tuesday evening. There were two lots offered. The first consisted of five leasehold dwelling-houses, Nos. 266 to 274 inclusive, St. Helens New-road, Newton-Common, together with a small plot of freehold land adjoin- ing thereto, and containing thirty-nine square yards or thereabouts. The bidding ran up to £425, at which price the property was withdrawn. The second lot consisted of four dwelling-houses situate on the North side of Crow-lane (corner of Clarence- street) intended to be Nos. 180, 182, 184 and 186 Crow-lane West. Tne bidding in this case rose to .£5OO, but as there was no advance the property was withdrawn.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SAD STORY OF ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

About half-past seven on Saturday morning, Solomon Williams, an elderly man, who lodged at 115, Harris. street, St. Helens, made a determined effort to commit suicide by cutting his throat with a breadknife. It appears that Williams only left the Providence Hospital on Friday morning, after being there a considerable time suffering from an old internal complaint. During the day he went to Liverpool and consulted a physician as to his condition, and the opinion of the medical man being a most unfavourabie one,this seems to have preyed on his mind, and caused him to attempt suicide. It is stated that he was in the Providence Hospital about seven years ago, having attempted to commit suicide on that occasion. He is in a very critical state. Sr. HELENS MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

The nomination of candidates for the approaching municipal elections at St. Helens took place on Tuesday. in accordance with general anticipation there will be contests in three cut ot the nine wards into which the borough is divided, namely, in North Eccleston Ward, where the retiring councillor.Mr B B Glover (C),is being opposed by Mr Thomas Stevenson (L) ;in Hardshaw Ward, where Councillor Peter Grundy (14, is being opposed by Mr C D Fothergill ; in Parr Ward, where the return of Councillor Ryder (C) is being opposed by Dr O'Keefe (L). The unopposed returns are those of Coun- cillor J B Leath (L) for Central Ward, Councillor A J Foote (L U) for North Windle, Councillor Walter L Shaw (C) for South Eccleston, Councillor Dr Bates (C) for East Sutton, Councillor Edward Johnson (C) for West Sutton, and Councillor T M'Lachlan (L) for South Windle.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF LADY GAMBLE.

The many friends of Sir David Gamble, Bart., C. 8., will receive with regret the announcement of the death of Lady Gamble, which took place at Windlehurst, St. Helens, at 6.30 on Monday night. Lady Gamble WAS seventy-three years of age,and for the past eight months she had been confined to bed suffering from an inter- nal complaint and heart trouble. For some time past it was evident that she was rapidly grawing worse. She was attended by Dr. Masson, of St. Helens, who has at various times had consultations with Sir W. H. Broadbent, of London, Dr. Dreschfeldt, of Manchester, Dr. Carter, and Dr. Twyford, of St. Helens. Since Saturday evening Lady Gamble had been unconscious, and passed quietly away in the presence of most of the members of her family, towards whom at this time there is universal and pro- found sympathy. Lady Gamble was a native of St. Helens, and since her marriage with Sir David resided continuously in the town. She was the daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Haddock, of Ravenhead, St. Helens, who was a leading member of the firms of Clare and Haddock, of the S. Helens Colliery, and Bromilow Had- dock, aad Ca.. of Ravenhead. She was married to Sir David at the St. Helens Parish Church on January 26, 1847, and her family consisted of eleven children, all of whom survive, as well as twenty-five grandchildren. Throughout her life Lady Gamble devoted herself to her family and the poor of the neighbourhood. The latter found in her a most kindly friend, whose acts of generosity, carried out in the quietest possible man- ner, were a source of comfort and help to many.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

HILL CLIFF! AND STOCKTON HEATH UNITED BAND or Horn —The opening meeting of the above society was held on Monday evening in Hill Cliffe schoolroom. There was a large attendance, presided over by the Rev. J. S. Hughes, the president, who, in the course of a brief ad- dress, referred to the work of the coming session. There were also present on the platform the Rev.Charlcl Finch, the Rev. J. F. Mattliews,and Messrs. A. H. Dunn, A B Kenworthy. and George Whitfield (secretary). The Rev. C. Finch delivered an interesting address. Tte Rev. J. F. Matthews spoke to the younger portion of the audience, and impressed upon them the reasons why they should join the Band of Hope, and gave them some very practical advice as to how they might :in- crease its membership. A capital programme WAS most creditably rendered. Recitations were given by Misses Estber Moss, Barbara Lowe and S E Whitfield, and Masters El Hughes, J. Worrell, George A. Whitfield and J.Whitfield. Musical itreos,consisting of songs.duets and trios, were given by Misses Emily Taylor, Ada Grounds, Cissie Grounds, and Masters John and Percy Grounds. A popular tenaperance dialogue entitled " Mrs. Maggs is caught," was creditably given by the following mem- bers, Messrs. George Moss, B Kenworthy, R Jones, J Worrell, H Hughes, S Moss and Ben Moss, and Miss S J Worrell. Miss Ada Grounds ably acted as accom- panist.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN DISTRICT NURSE FUND. SECTARIAN DIFFICULTIES.

Copy of Correspondence. To THE EDITOR OF TEE "RUNCORN EX&MINER."

Sir,—The published report or the annual meeting of the Runcorn Dirrict Nurse Fund which was held the other week, states that Noneunformists and Church people wire "thoroughly unit's(' in the furtherance of so worthy an ohj,ct." This statement is calculated to mis- lead the public as to the actual position which N Inc on- fermists take with regard to this Institution. It is of course true that Nonconformists are desirous of making the Nurse Fund as great an instrumsnt of Christian charity and helpfulness as possible, but it is altogether misleading to suppose that Nonconformi ts are satisfied with ths present sectarian character at the constitution of the Fund. Oa tile contrary they strongly protest against" it, and find in it a hindrsncs to their in lividual support of the fund. In view of the above rTort the Fr,e Church Council has decided to submit the following correspondence to the public of Runcern which sots forth the pressot position of Nonconformists upon the subject. This correspondenee which, by your courteous per- mission, we now publish, carries with it the hope that oven yet the Cummittee of the Nurse Fund will consider the wisdom of making the neesssary alterations in order to meet the wiehes of those who from the beginning have so largely aed generously supported the fund. I anu, dear sir, yours faithfully, ' Secretary to the Couacil.

JOSEPH OSBORNE.

To Rev. Canon Woad. M.A. Dear Sir,—The Rxecutive Commiteee of the Free Church Council would be glad if you would receive a deputation composed of the Revs, C. W. L. Christie and J. Osborne, and Messrs. Samii.l Taylor and J. Norman, to talk over eertain matters connected with the Runcorn District Nurse Fend. I shonki be much obliged if you would kindly suggest atternative iate,—Yours faithfully, JOSEIPII OSBORN% Secretary. Runcorn. March Bth. 1899.

To Bev. J. Osborne.

Dear Sir--It is not my business to talk over matters con- nected with the Runcorn District Nurse Fund with the deputation from the Runcorn Hvingelical Free Church Conn- eil, but I 'wive laid your letter of this day before the Commit- tee of the Fund, sad they are willing o receive the deputa- tion either on Friday or Saturday next at 3 pm. If these dare are not aouyanient they will be obliged if the Council w:ll let tkein know in writiug whit ths busines, they (lesiva to bring forward may be.—l am sir. your obedient servant, A. MAITLAND WOOD.

The Vic‘rave, Runcorn, March Bth. 1899.

To the Rev CAnnn Weld

Dear Sir,—l be to soknowledge the receipt of your letter of March Sth and am desired to state in .'!ply that the Deputation hava decided to send the Coualirs views on the present constitution of the Nurse Fund in wri,ing I, the Nurse Fuut Committee in the course of a f-.iw days —I am, yours faithfully, J. OSBORN'iI. linnoorn, Maroh 9th.

To',the Chairman of the Committee if the Run torn Dis:ritt Nursing Mused. Dear sir, —I am instructed by the Executive Committee of the Runoorn Evangelical Free Church Council to represent to the Cornmittes of the District Nu-se Fund that there is a strong conviction ia the minds of Noneonformists that the Mares Fund, which they largely support, is so much con- trolled ty adherents of the Established Chea—h, that it prastieally represents the Christian philanthropy of that Church only. The Council very much reerets that there should be any cause whatever for this state of feeling with regard to the Nurse Fund, especially because t hey are in full and hearty sympathy Iwith such noble and sacred work as ministering to tbe 'Sick ones among the peor of the town. But that such cause exists, and has existed for a considerable titre, is undeniable. The Cam cntttee of the Nurse Fund are doubtless aware that when the Nurse Fund was started. many Nonconformists refused to support it because they oojyte 1 to tli Irate t hat the Vicar of Runcorn was to be e..: officio Chairman. They believed that such a rule was an unjust assumption that an official of the Established Church had an inherent right to be at the h-ad of a movement which represented the Christian charity of 'other churches besides that oc the Established Church. M nv Nonconfermisto at the present time share the same objection. Another reason that makes it impos- si.le for Noneonformists to give undivided support to the Nurse Fund is found in the fact that the preseet committee of the present Nurse Fund, whilst consisting of twelve members includes ten adherents of the Established Church. The coatrol, therefore, is very one-sided, consider- ing that Nonconferrnists subscribe so much towards the fund. They feel that they are not adequately or justly represented on the Board of Management. Further, almost all the offilial meetings in connection with the Nurse Fund are held at the Vicarage In the opinion of the Council this arrsngemeat emphasises the conviction that the Nnrse Fund is rapidly becoming a permanent institution of the Estsblished Church, instead of duly seoresenting the philanthropic work of mernhers of other Churches as well The Council is deeply anxious to press upon the committee of the Nurse Fund the seriousness of this protest. It springs out of the conviction that a movement representine the Christian charity of many Churches should not be coutrollect or monopolises' by any one of them, as thorgh arty particular Church had an exclusive right te distribute the offerines of the members if other churches. The Council would rejoice if every hindrance to the harmonioes working of the Nurse F. el were removed, so that Noecoe- formists might w:_ts increased Rupee -t and con- fidence, maintain this saced ministry amongst the p sor cad in this spirit, the Council weals, in the sole inte-ests of this work, to the Committee of the Nurse Fund to apply the remedy to the existing dissatisfection. Child not the Com- mittee pledge themselves to do all in their power to secure three simple. yet. effective alterations in the constitution of the Nurse Fund ? (1). To make it a rule that the Chairman of the Committee, instead of holding office et-officio as at pre- sent, shall be elected annually. (2). To enlarge the Corn- rnitteelso as to give adequate repre entation to Noeconformiat subscibers. (3). To provide that all official meeLings in con- neetion with the Nurse Fund, shall be held, ei her on neutral ground, or suL:essively in so.ne building belonging to one of the churches of the town. The Connell trusts that the Com- mittee will state their position fully with recerence to th se points in order that, if necessary. the cerreseondenee may be published in the newsp 'pers.—Yours fait

JOSEPH OSBORNE.

Runcorn, March 23rd. To thq Rev. 3. Osborne,

Sir,—Your communication of March ISth has not re ,•eived an earlier reply owing to the interruption of the season of Raster, and to my own many engagements. However, at a meeting of the Nurse Committee held to-day, I was desired te answer as follows :—The statement of your third :Ara- graph, that many Noneonfermists refused to support the Fund when started, on the ground that the Vicar of Runcorn was to be e.. -officio chairman is no doubt true, but it does not convey a correct idea of the whole circumstances under which the Fend was started. Briefly the facts are that I myself proposed to raise money to employ a nurse as part of the parochial staff. To this course objec- tions were taken in different quarters on different grounds, and by way o! compromise, it was decided by those who took uo the enterprise in earnest that whilst the Vicar of Runcorn should be Chairman et-ogicio that the nurse should he called not a Parochial, but a Dis- trict Nurse, that her district should be co extensive with the urban boundaries, not with the parish. and that the Commit- tee should consist of ladies who might be e•eeted by the annual meeting without stipulation as to their roligious be- lief. It was not supposed that the Vicar had an inherent right to the Chairmanship of this or any other voluntary in- stitution. Such right, as those who worked for and cent.lou- ted to the rund at the bezinning ware ple ioed to reeord him was accorded to him es founder. The Nurse Committee are aware that their enterprise has been conducted neither as a Church of England Institutieu, nor as a purely secular and philanthropic association, theoretically it may be open to objections, but practically it has for nearly 10 years supplied Runcorn poor p-ople with moss ve.uable aid, and it has done this without quarrels. with absolute irnpaett silty, and with finane;at success. The Com- mittee consider that to alter their orig:nal constt Won would under the circumstances, be most unwise, and they flnd it difficult to suppose that your Council desire to i-npelil the 'ature of a successful enterprise for such reasons as a'e con- tained in their cornmunic:Lion. Year Council complains that the Nurse Fund "largely supprrted by Nonconfo Alst, represents orange .Ily the philanthropy of the Est Iblishel Claureh only," or as we understand the complaint, money given by Noncon'ormisi,3 goes, in public c•timetion, to the credit of the Church of Englend. If this is what your Coun- cil moans, and we imag:n foam another passage in t.:eir let- ter, to the effe t that ''no pvtioular Church has an exolusive right to distribute the offeriaf,s of the members of other Churches "that this is what your council does mean, though by the way, we desire to put it on rc •ord that the Nurse Comm ttee distributes no offerings at all, ex ept the Beef Tea Fund consisting of their own personal gi;ts or getting, the Committee can only reply that they have no re-son to think that the patients of the nurse are at all under the im- pression that her sertices a:eldue to therhurch of England supporters of the fund in any special degree. Their Treasurer Mr. S. Taylor, a Non 'onl'ormi.t, whose name is fare War to everybody in Runcorn has for seven and a half ye-rs hid con- trol of the finanee, and whilst hi is true that there are only two ladies who are Nonconformist, on the management com- mittee, there is no reason whatever why all twelve should not be Nonconformist, except that a vary laege share of the expense has always been borne oy Church people. It is indeed an odious thing to have to rc :iron up Church people so much, and Nonconfo-mist so much, but your Council have compelled the nurse to leak into the westien, and a c:reful cornputat:on le ads them to Ihe conclusion that with three votes out o 7 14 the Nonconfo 'mist support is almost if not quite adequately re- presented. The constitution has never been altered in any way since the first meeting held on April 11th, 139. For the first two ye .r 3 the committee consisted of 12 Church and 2 Nonconformist members, for the next four years, 10 Church, and 4 Nonconformist members, for the last three years of 11 Church and 3 Nonconformist mombers ; the variation has been purely occidental. As to the kindness of the committee, which has been good enough to make-use of the Vicarage as their meeting place, once a quarter for ten years, partly for the pleasure of friendly intercourse, partly for convenience sake, it ran only be added that the Nonconformist has ever been as welcome as the member of the Church oE England, that neutrality has never been violated even in the Vic_rage, and that until you( Council sent its communication no whisper of discontent ever !reached the committee. They can only hope that on reflection your Council will think it unwise to risk nractioal mischief for reasons of such a char- acter as those liven in your communication.—l am sir, your obedient servant, April 21st

A. MAITLAND WOOD.

T e the Chairman of the Runcorn District Nurse F nnd Committee,

Dear Sir,—The Council desires me to thank your Com- mittee for their reply to the communication in respect of the Dist let Nurse Fund, and also to submit the following points for your Committee's further consideration. The Council is glad to find feorn the terms of your letter a clear relognition of the all-irnportaut fact that the nurse is not a psrolhial but a district nurse, and so confessedly belonling

===== 0002601_18991027_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS. DEATH OF GENERAL SYEVIONS.

In the 113sie ot Cammoas yesterday afternoon, it was announced that General Symons was dead.

The Fighting at Rietfontein. Over One Hundred British Killed and Wounded.

Tee Prose Association says the War Office had received no further details up to six o'clock on Wednesday even • in of General Sir George Waite's engagement at Rite: fontein, near Ladysmith, on Tnesday, and the nature of tie battle is not yet known, although the list of !Tilled and wounded on the British sid3 /eaves no doubt that it was severely contested and the victory again dearly bought. The strength of Sir George White's force is noc precisely known, but it is believed to have consisted of three infantry battalions, five batteries of artillery,three cavalry regiments, and 500 Natal Volunteers. It is de- finitely knows that the Ist Battalion Gloueeatershite Re- glement, Ist Devonshire Regiment, 19t Hussars, sth Lancers, 42nd Field Battery, 53rd Feld Battery, No. 10 Mountain Battery, and the Natal Carabiacers (Volun- teers) were units, as they suffered loss in the engage- ment. In the same way as the Gordon' unfortunately suffered at the battle of Elands Laagte, the Gloucester- shire suffered at RieVentein, (sling their commandant, Lieutenant-Colonel Wilford, killed, ene officer wounded. seven men killed, and 51 men wounded. Our total losses ware over one hundred in killed and wounded.

The enemy is believed to have suffered considerably. The Boers own officially the loss of 100 killed, and we have on our hands over 300 prisoners wounded,amongst whom are se v era I men holding prominent official p3sl- - ions in the Transvaal.

The Fighting at Glencoe. Guns not Captured. (Central News Telegram. Delayed in trammission). Glencoe Camp, October 23rd, 1.50 p.m. We have bad an anxious time after our great victory on Friday. We imagined we were clear of the enemy for some days at any rate, but we were entirely mistaken. Wen the troops came hack from the field it was Lund, with mueh regret, that the reported capture of the whole of their guns was a incorrect. The enemy succeeded in taking them off before our gallant fellows stormed the hill.

Yule's Column Safe at Ladysmith. From General White to Sesretary of State for War Ladysmith, 12.40 p.m., 28th October. 1899. .. _

"General Yale's column juat marched in here alter a very hard march during the night of exeeptionally heavy rain. The men, though done up, are in good spirits and only want rest. The enemy did not molest them."

_ British Prisoners at Pretoria. The Fate of the Hussar Squadron. PRETORIA, OCT. 22.

- - The prisoners who were taken on Friday near Dundee were entrained at DAnnhaueser. T,,ey filled ten covered trucks. The officers travelled in first-class car- riage, and a separate van was provided for two of their number, who were wounded. The men affect indifference aud spend their time chiefly in smoking. They sleep in the grand stand. The names of the officera are :—Lieutenant-Colonei Maj °apt lin Pollok, Captain Lens- dale, and Lieutenants De Mesurier, Jarvie, (irimshaw, Maiendie, and Shore. The Press A,sociation states that apart from the 18th Hussars there are so few officers and men reported miss- ing that it is considered certain that a large party of the prisoners arriving at Pvtoria must be the squadron which the War Office rep )rted on Wednesday, on un• offi information, to be prisoners in the hands of the Boers.

Bombardment of Mafeking.

Ninety-Six Boers Killed.

Cspetown telegram to the London "Evening News" says the Blier3 admit 96 killed and many wounded in the lthfeking repulse. They are much sur- prised and depressed.

CAPETOWN. THURSDAY. A messav received here from Boer sources states that as a result of two days' shelling., Mafeking is ia flames, and a good portion of the town was wrecked. British losses are not stated.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATIi AT WINWICK,

The sudden death of a man named Thomas Britch, of Wairington-road, Winwick, 75 years of age has been reported to the Newton police. The deceased was formerly a tabourer on the St.Elelens and Sankey Canal in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company,but had not done any work for tho past 5 or 6 years, during which time he has been in receipt of a pension from the Company. At the time he ceased work he injured himself by overliftinv, causing a rupture. About noon on Tuesday he left home in apparently good health. saying he was going to watch the potato getters. Whilst in the field he began to be unwell, and was taken home in a float and died about an hour afterwards in the presence of his wife and others, not having been seen by a doctor. The facts were reported to the coroner.

-TO THE -DEAFT-g-gentleman who cured himself of Deafness and Noises in the Head after fourteen years suffer- ing will gladly send full particulars of the remedy, on receipt of stamped addressed envelope.—F. CLIFTON, Amberley House, Strand, London, W X.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK for CUNNINGHA.DI'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS' ANNIVERSARY AT EARLESTO WN.

The anniversary dinner of the Loyal Viaduct lodge Ne. 2686 of the Independent Order ot Oddfellows, MU., was held at the Wellington Hotel, Earlestown, on Satur- day evening. There were 62 present to dinner, which wa- served in first class style. After the cloth had been removel the proceedings were presided over by P.G. Themes F. Roberts,the vice-chairman being N.G.Joseph T Banton, and amongst the visitors were Bros. P.P.G.M. John Tunstall (Liverpool), D.G.M. Salt (Warrington), and P.G M. J R Barnwell of Warrington. The Chairman said that,as thee perhaps were aware, was the 57th anniversary of the lodge and he offered a sincere welcome to all prescnt, and trusted that the words spek n that night might prove of lasting good to all, and tend to further strengthen the principles of Odd- fellowehip. In that room they bad present with them several gentlemen who would doubtless speak to them of the working and benefits of the greet Order with which they were connected. One was an old friend, who attended the meetings for many years. The other gentlemen although not so well known to them as a ledge, were no straneers te Oddfellowship, but were earnest workers in thet noble community. the Manchester Unity, and in any ceese which bad for its object the advancement of their fellow men, and to them all on behalf of the Viaduct Lodge, he offered a special welcome. He trusted that nothing would arise to disturb the harmony of their meeting, but that all would enjoy that night's entertain- ment and go away, net empty handed, but with a smell supply of u,eful knowledge and a determination to keep more in touch with the lodge to wlhcla they helinged and prove themselves worthy the name of Oddfellows. (Applause.) He concluded by giving the toast of "Th. Queen," which was drunk with musical honours.

P.P.G.M. Thomas Tunstall in giving the toast of "The Manchester Unity "said it was the greatest society on earth amongst Friendly Societies. Its root was in Man- chester but its branches went to every part of the world. (Hear, hear.) But in all its working, he thought there was plenty of room for reform. He was glad to see they had gone in for the old age pension, and wore supporting it strongly. He thought it would be a great boon to every member who reached the age of 85, and he did not think they, as a lodge, could do nctter than support the old age pension scheme. (Hear, heir.) Bro. Salt of Warrington responding to the toast said the M.U., as it was at present was certainly the gran- dest organisation so far as Friendly Societies were con- cerned, of any in the world. During the past year the M.U. had expended practically in round figures £2,500 per day in sick pay, counting each day in the year, and they should consider for a moment what distress,poverty and pain that amount had alleviated. Beyond thst it had buried 370 members per working day, and had found the money to provide decent interment for those wno had passed away and a little to assist afterwards, those who had been left. That only spoke of what they might call the absolutely essential part of the werk of the M.U. No doubt it was the most beneficial portion of the benefits that accrued to the membership of the Order, but they had to look not only to to-lay, but to the benefits the members must received in the future, and to make provision for that he was pleased to say during the past year they had put away £1,200 per working day. It was the duty of every member of the M.O .to strive towards perfection and if they could n,t do it, they could at least deserve it, and in his opinion one of the first steps the M U. will have to take into consideration was the condition of those known as the ins lvent lodges of the Order. He knew that if a business man could not pay 203. in the pound he was called a bankrupt, but if a lodge was not solvent it was either through carelessness or mis- management. He believed they should not do justice to the older lodges of the Order, and to those members of the Order who had borne the brunt of the work in times past until they centralised tbeir sick and funeral funds to make it impossible for any man to go to tbe Unity and not receive the benefits which had been pro- mised to him. The heads of the Unity could see no necessity for helping the insolvent lodges beyond a grant, or taking them over on the Unity funds. They would not get justice as things were arranged at pre- sent. He wanted the members individually to take an active interest in the Order to which they belonged, to send men to the A.M.C. prepared to kick up a row when they saw things were not going right, and there were many things on the A.M.C. whicti were utter rot. If he had the honour to be sent as a delegate, and was sup- ported as he was the last time,be could assure them that ' that rottenness should be utterly exposed. (Hear,hear.) They had, on the Board of Directors gentlemen who were worthy of every respect, who had worked bard for the position they occupied, but they had man who had been there far too long. He could see avenues opening b"fore them that might lead them in the not very dis- tant future to much grander results than had been at- tained yet. If honesty, integrity and intelligent interest was taken in the M U. they might go on and make the Order felt in every home in the coontry. He hoped that the Mx. would be first in their minds so far as helping those who needed help was concerned. (Applause.) Bro. P.P.G.M. William Gilmour, in proposing the toast of " The Grand Master and Board of Directors " coupled with it the name of P.P.G.M. John Tunstall, of Liverpool. Bro. Tunstall, in response, said he looked forward to attending that anniversary each year with pleasure. He thouelit that was h;s 28th or 29:k appearance at the anniversary, and he hoped, although he could scarcely expect it, to attend as many more. There was no insti- tution in this country could boast such a membership or capital as that Order had. (Hear, hear). In connec- tion with insolvent lodges, as they were termod, he thought they had heard him say that in the future they would have more difficulty its de tling with surplus than with ins-lvent lodges. He thought at the last Board meeting but one there were no less than 158 applications for appropriating surplus capital. If there was a weak lodge in a district or there was a weak district, in place of allocating the surplus of the Lodge or district amongst themselves, it would be a glorious work to and over that surplus to remove the liabilities of the poorer lodges. There was not a lodge in the Liverpool district in a deficiency, and what could be done there, could be done elsewhere. The question of old age pensions had been alluded to. He had been a strong advocate of State aided pensions. He bad stated it was a disgrace to this country, that at the close of the 19th Century, at the close of the glorious Victorian era, that the very men who had been the means of build- ing up this great empire were left at the present time to the tender mercies of the poor law. He trusted the Board would see their way to effect many reforms in connection with their unity, reforms which would tend to help on the good work of Friendly Societies in this country, reforms which would materially benefit every- one of them and those who were depending upon them, and that it would be a pattern for every other society in this country to look up te. (Applause.) Bro. J R Barmwell of Warrington, gave toast " The Viaduct 'Ledge," and Bra Thane (secretary) responded referring briefly to the principal items on the balance sheet. The income on behalf of the Sick and Funeral fund was £673 93 61,1, made up chiefly of contributions £431 IT-3 711 and interest for invested capital £133 18e le' the latter item equalling a contribution of nearly 6; 81 per member. The expenditure was £4BB 1.83 ad out!of which they paid £413 5i in Sick Pay and Funeral donations, as they had just beard, the Unity payed about £2500 per day in sic' s pay, but their lodge paid about £1 per day. The present membership of the Lodge was 412, and the capital £2,742 7s sd, and al- though the pre3eat year had been exceedingly heavy both in Sick Pay and District Funeral levies, he trusted they would at least have no loss on the year's working. (Hear, hear.) The Gther toasts were "The Ashton-in-Makerfield die- trict" proposed by P.P.G.M. Wilson and responded to by P.G. George Barra.tt. "Host and Hostess," "The Lodge Sureeon," "Visiting Brethren." The harmony of the evening was contributed to by Messrs. G Wright, W Mewdsley, J Appleton, J Siddeley, J T Banton, W Devereux, C Pearson, R Wright, John Hunt, and J McCormick.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

Theo Lancashire Committee met in Manchester on Tuasday night and selected the following team to repre- sent Lancashire in the important contest at Halifax on November 4th. It has been thought wise to make four changes in the team which beat Cumberland last Satur- day, Arthur Lees c)rning in at half back for Kruger and Williams (Salford), Thompson (Broughton Rangers) and Pollitt (Swinton) superseHing Vicors (Swinton). Taylor (L,igh), and Morrison (Warrington). forwards. The ttam is as follows :

R L Thomas (Oldham), full back ; T Fletcher (Old- ham right centre), T D Davies (Oldham, left centre), S Williams (Oldham, left wing), and H Hadwen (Salford, right wing), three-quarter backs ; J B Lawton (Old- ham), and Arthur Lees (Oldham), half backs ; G Frater (Oldham), P Tunney (Salford), G Aspey (Widnes), W Briers (St. Helens), C Thompson (Broughton Rangers), J Harrison (Rochdale Hornets), J Williams (Salford), and C Pollitt (Swinton), forwards. Roserves : D Smith (Salford). full back; T Williams (Salford centre), D Trarnor (St. Helens, wing), and V Harnpson (Swinton wing), three-quarter hacks ; H Kruger (Rochdale Hornets), half hack ; E V,gors (Swinton), J Teller (Old- ham), and H Ellis (Oldham), forwards.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF HOUNDS AT DARESBURY,

Monday's venue of the North Cheshire Hunt was Dareibury Hall, on the Warrington side. Good woodland work was done in Rose Wood covers, and several foxes were rattled about, hounds tasting blood. Daresbury Willows produced a stout-hearted fox, and getting away on a good scent, hounds bad a nice quarter of an hour's bat right-handed on to Stretton,wh ere the pack killed in the open. Grinis- ditch covers yielded, but the fox was chopped be- fore he could get away. The Whitley gorse was too thick to allow of the quarry heading out, and here a nice day's sport concluded.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR NEW SERIAL

OUR IN EW SERIAL.

We have pleasure in announcing we have arranged for publication in our columns a brilliant New Story, eatitled

6 NOBL ER THAN REVENGE,"

by that Popular Writer ESME STUART, Author of

" A Faire Damozel," " An Inscrutable Mystery," "A Woman of Forty,"" Slarried to Order,"' Sara's

Mother,"" In the Dark," etc.

6 6 NOBLER THAN REVENGE."

44 NOBLER THAN REVENGE."

4 6 xy IN OBLER THAN REVENGE."

Our new story is one of the most thrilling this charming novelist has yot writt:tn. It abounds in strong character drawing, vivid scene painting. and dramatic incident.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
SODIFTRIN4 ABOUT TRH STORY.

On his way to visit his cousin, Sir Harry Beauwerth, Alec Beauworth, heir to thc title, is set upon by two men and knocked senseless. Sir Harry Beauworth has a bad reputation. Bob Rabbitts, son of the evil-looking landlord of the' Dog and Duck," revives Alec, and de- termines, as ha has the chance, to enter Sir Harry's servioes for a time to see that Alec comes to no harm. Sir Harry has one daughter, Ruby, a beautiful and un- sophisticated girl, who has never been adewed to see the world, and whom her father intends to marry to an Australian. James Felton, who with his father, To Felton; appears to have a powerful interest over his. These Feltons arc ne men who tried to kill Alm, though he never saw their faces, and it is obvious that they acted at the instigation of the baronet, who had some secret reason for wishing bo be rid of the heir. Also when he sees Ruby, falls in love with her, and not knowing his danger determines, if possible, to stay and win her.

Though he has no intention of allowing Ruby to marry Alec, Sic Harry Beauwortla, plays upon Alec's f In order to induce him to make a will in RubT's favour. Alec consents, and hereafter his destruction is practically decided upon by Sir Harry and the Felt,n's, so as to pave the way for a division of all the money and the estates which in the ordinary course, would have fallen to Alm The baronet is in reality personating the real baronet who died many years ago in the Bush and the Feltons, knowing this secret, blacktuLa Sir Harry Beauworth and make him an ally in their nefarious schemes. With the assistance of a movable floor in his bedroodi Alec is preS- pitated into a dungeon and is left there t 3 starve. His thrilling attempts to escape and the subsequent adven- tures which befall him and the heroine Ruby impart a Monte Cristo fl svour to this romance which draws to a spirited and satisfactory conclusion.

===== 0002601_18991027_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
;AT 111 OB DKR THAN REVENGE," WELL COMMENCE ON SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4th.

Warring ten.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALICE2I Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, eweer street , and published by them at the same place and also at the The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road,WIDNEs; 42,George- street, ST. HELEN and 3, Market-street, RiaLzsTowitt, in the County of L.lncastet and also at High-street,litrxcoßX In the County of Chester.—OCTOßEß 27, 1899,

===== 0002601_18991027_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON SLATE (JO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER,-; MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICx AND WARP: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Manion Street, Warrington

OUR NEW SERIAL. We have pleasure in announeing that we have arranged for publication in our columns. a brilliant new story, entitled "NOBLER THAN REVENGE," BY THAT POPULAR WRITER, ESME STUART, AUTHOR OF " A'Faire Damozel," "An Tnscrutable Mystery." A Woman of Forty," " Married to Order," " Sara'a Mother," " In the Dark," etc. "NOBLER THAN R,EVENGE." "NOBLER THIN REVENGE." "NOBLER THAN REVENGE." Our new stcry is one of the most thrillina this charming novelist has yet written. It abounds in 'strong character drawing, vivid seems painting, and dramatic incident. "NOBLER THAN REVENGE" WILL COMMENCE ON FRIDAY, NOTRIIBER 3RD.

441)EG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT IVIIERE DID-," " OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAAR SPEOIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LEHOE-STRE/12, LIVERPOOL." • • THANK YOU."

WEDDING. AND PRESENTS. Its° COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON it CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAIL MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 83-RENSHA.W-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-O. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

CONSULT YOUR POCKET. IF IT AT BR CIRLYUL I OFFER Tail MY 6s. 6d. GENTS SHWN BOOTS IN THN LARGNST YINIETY PoNSIRLI. IF YoV MAY PLVNRE TENN TRY MY HORSE SKIN. OR BOXOALF BOOTS AT tis. 6d. Perfect Fit. By Post. ARTHUR ETANS, CITY BRAHOHNN 5, LONDON-ROAD, 24. NERRT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 1225. Ana@l4l.

MBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 25.; Eiletia Silk for 3..; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each jecover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. -7, MANcassimu-sT., Liverpool. p U.PTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 1-0) T. IIIaCHNGTON'S Improved Bffectual TRUSS for Cure f Rupture ; registered consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7A 9 faroevenor-street Lon oon-road. Manchester.

NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MBETINGS ON LORD'S DAY OCTOBER 29th as followa:—Preacker, Mr. H WHITL- NIOUSB. Worship 10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. No collection. Books provided.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measure) TROUSHRS. Wonderfully good value. HAGITI and Co.. LIMITED, 65. Byrom•-,treet, Liverpool. All goods sent ear- nags paid.

BOLD-STREET IVINLEYAIS CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 29th. 10 30. Rev. C. H. HOCKEN. 6 30. Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Bc3ks provided.

‘ZERGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATHER. kJ Every workman should have one of HAGUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. berge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, Brant-Emma, Liverpool.

GOLBORNE-STRBET, BAPTIST CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW SUNDAY. at 2 o'olc3k. ORGAN RECITAL. Mr. FRANK HICK kIAN will play :—Seleetions from Men- dellsohn and Dubois Works. Miss FLORENCR CHRISHEN will sing '• Lead Kindly Light" (Pagile Evans). The Choir will sing: 'The Radiant Morn" (Woodivard). Collcotions for Choir Fund.

CALL OR WRITE if you want a treat. TOM TAYLOR'S Sewn Boots FIT the Feet. Ladies' or Gent's, 6/11, 8/11, 10/6 to a Guinea. Carriage paid. Football Boots, 3/11. Wain Guards, 6d.-50. ItaNcaEsTER-sTREET, Liverpool.

TO FARMERS OROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now kJ used by most leading Farmers in Cheshire and South Lancashire ; results proving that it is THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES. Depot: Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington, where full particulars and price may be obtained on application. For the convenience of Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T. Halton, Sankey.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.-THE FIRST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN TIE PARR HALL, PALMYRA SW:ARE, ON WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899, GOUNOD'S "FAUST." CHORUS & ORCHESTRA OF °VHF 2-0 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: ME. FRANK 11. CROSSL EY. Hon. Organist Ma. J. B. CALDWELL. Leader ef.Orthestra : Ma. R. H. ?RAMON. For prices of admission and terms of subsc:iption for series of three Conaerts see posters. THE PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS will open at Mr. H. H. PEARSON'S, Bold-street. to Subscribers. TO-DAY (SATURDAY), OCTOBER 28th and to the general public on and after WEDNESDAY NEXT. November Ist. W. R. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. L. W. REYNOLDS. Hon. Treas

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETUAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE, NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 101. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6(1. Sent poet free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRPSS : W. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

COUNTY OF CHESTER. BASIS OR STANDARD FOR COUN a RA FES. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, th....t at the MEETING of the COUNIY COUNCIL for the Administrative County of Chester, to be held at CHESTER CASTLE, on FRIDAY. TM M 10T21 DLY OF NOVEMBER, 1899, at 12 o'clock nosn, the Council will take into considaration the proposed NEW BASIS OR STANDARD FOR THE COUNTY RATE, and which New B•aeis or Standard was laid before tke said Council et a Special Meeting on the 20th day of October instant. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to thA Cheshire County Council. Chester, 23rd October, 1899.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &e., &a. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Eire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RUN- CORN. FRODSHAM LORDSHIP WATHRWORKS. The Council invite Tenders for the construction of Water- works for the Lordship of Frodslaam. The worts will com- prise the Building or a Brick engine HOMO, lined Brick sump. Cressley's 4 HP.' Otto" ass Engine, 16 inch stroke, inch double action Ram pump 8 inch stroke, Air Vessel Valves, Pipes and Connections, 6 inch and 3 inch cast iron Mains with the necessary Valves, Hydrants, etc. Covered prick Reservoir of 50,00 J Gallons capacity. The Plans and Specification may be inspected at my offiee, 71.1ligh-street. Runcorn, on and after MONDAY, OCTOBER 30Ts, 1899, and copies of :the Specification Schedule and Herm of Tender may be obtained on deposit of One Guinea which will be returned on reeeipt of a bona-fide Tender. Sealed Tenders endersed—Tender for" Frodsbam Lordship Water Works " to be delivered at my office not later than the 17th day of NOVEMBER, 1899. The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order, GEORGE F. ASHTON, Clerk to the said Council. 71, High-street, Runcorn, 18th October. 1899.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS' - SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8.8. LAURENTIAN far Quebec and Montreal Nov. 2nd as. ASSYRIAN for St. John's and Halifax Nov. 7th is.B. SARDINIAN for Portland direct Nov. Eth 8.8. PARISIAN for Halifax and Portland Nov. 16th 3.8. COREAN for St. John's and Halifax Nov. 21st s.s. NUMIDIAN for Halifax and Portland 8.8. CALIFORNIAN for Halifax and Portland Nov. 30th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to-ALLIx BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- St.. Liverpool. - -- _

WHITE STAR LLNE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ' LIVBRPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. OCEANIC Wed Nov. 1 MAJESTIC Wed. Nov 8 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of oharge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to! ISMAT, larain, and Co., Liverpool and a 4. Leadenhe I street. London 8.C..

IMPORTANT SA.LE OF GLOVES. Extreme mildnPss of the past two or three Seasons has been the cause of accumulated Stocks Ii the heavier makes of KID AND 6URDE GLOVES, more especially Lined Gloves, with and without Fur Tops, hence the ENORMOUS SACRIFICE IN PRICES Made by Manufacturers. HENRY MILES has been successful during the past week in seouring several important clearing .lines from the leading makers, at DISCOUNII3 varying from 25 TO V PER CENT, BELOW EigiliLAß PRICES. AND WILL OFFER SAME THIS DAY. AND DURING NEX C WEEK. 6003 Pairs of GLOVES, for Ladies, Children, and Gentlemen, at Great Reductions in Prices, Real Bargains. SEE WINDOWS IN TARLETON-STREET AND CLIUR.CII-STREET. IMPORTANT SALE OF GLOTES. HENRY MILES, 25A„kND '314 CHURCH ST. (CORNER OF TAP.LETON-STREET). LIVERPOOL.

T IVERPOOL AWD GLASGOW, calling •it, -A-4 at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR Or ether steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). OCTOBER. PROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Tuesday 31st 9 p.m. Saturday 28th 2 p.m. 521 p.m.. t From Clarence Dock, South-West Side * By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 10s.; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage, (single) 5s ' • SPECIAL FA hEs: —Cabin return (available for ten days), 128 6d. Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between War- rington. Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVRR & CO- Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

FREE.-A WATCH AND CHAIN IN ORDER TO FURTHER ADVERTISE OUR NEW TOWER INK POWDERS We will forward a ss.rnple packet, safficient to make One Pint of Permanent Black Ink, on r•ceipt of six penny stamps and in addition we will present, free of all cost, a handsome NICKEL SILVER WITCH and also a CHAIN to every Fiftieth Applicant. HASARD AND CO., 50, HIGH-ROAD, LEE, LONDON, S.E.

£4,000,000 HAVE NOW BEES PAID - IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE, BIC THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co. 64, COENHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscliff,, Victoria-rd. Latchford St, Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Kuutgord Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER k;andbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Mosrfleld House

WARRINUTON INFIRMARY EXTENSIONS. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. A H IGH-OLASS CON° lIRT WILL BE GITT:N NOVI:11M 13BR 22ND, IN THE PARR HALL in aid of Ulm above, BEETHOVEN ORCHESTRA MANCHESTER, AB.)i.vr 8 PERFoRAIERd.

POTEY AND DUCK WORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 224 BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

HEE CHURCIIIISN SHOULD NOTE that we have arranged to publish monthly an article relating to the FREE CHURCHES OF ENGLAND CONSISTING OF TIT-BITS about all UP-TO-DATH PRIM CHURCH MATTERS. FIRST PUBLICATION TO DAY! TO DAY ! ! See Page 3 of this Paper.

WANTED TO PURCHASE FOR CASH. OLD GOLD AND SILVER. GENUINE ANTIQUES AND MINIATURES, AID OLD FALSE TEETH. VERY HIGMBST MARKET PRIOR GIVEN. If yoa have any of the above you wish to dispose of send them by Peet to MESSRS. STUART AND WILLIAMS, 47, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL, Who will send you Cash for them by return. All Traneasti•as etrietly private.

J. E. HUGHES, (LATE I, ST. eIIORGIE'S CRESCENT,) HIS REMOVED TO HIS NEW PREMISES 36, PARADISE STREET, LIVERPOOL. WHERE HE WILL SELL HIS HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS AND CAPES, AT PRICES MUCH BELOW °TREE SHOPS. HOT WATER BOTTLES, 6 x 8 6 x 10 8 x 10 8 x 12 2s lid 3s 3d 4s 24 4s lid 6 x 12 ii x 12 8 x 14 10 x 14 3s 11d 5.6 d 5.64 6.34 12 x 14 10 x 16 18 x 16 7.24 6.114 8.64 THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN J. E. HUGHES, 36, PAttADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET), LIVERPOOL.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAICILR AND RRPAIRRIL (Pupil of G. A. Chanet), 37, RENJHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E M. ASHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAwLEss), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TBA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTrED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND, 1899.

FREE QN RECEIPT OF POSTAGE STAMP. A Treatise on the latest American Method of dispen- ing with Plates and all Mechanical Applianees in persons wearing Artificial Teeth, so that the mouth and palate shall be perfectly free from all obstruc- tions. Address—SECRETARY, DR. LA GRANGE, 72, PRINCES ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

"A .. 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all NAND-MADE SILVER BNLISII PATENT LEVER WATCH. capperi, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSBII, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKBD CASES, well finisted and especially adapted to t tat in the packet. "FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will biAND ANY AMOUNt OF ROUGH WRAY. A WATCH that ABSOLUTBLI DEFIBS COMPBTITION I A Eons - le, Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch cqn be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same pries, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THN ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

VIUINNESS'S DUBLIN Srou.. BASS'S MILD asp BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD amp BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufaetw•er of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Betties. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

MILLINERY I MILLINERY!! HARMAN DREW Is Now sHowiNG NOVELTIES IND APPROVED FASHIONS lf MILLINERY FOR WINTER WEAR. Best Styles at Moderate Prices. 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

A PLAIN STATEMENT Will gain your conidenee, and persuade you to in- vest your money witla us. The question vo .!ten asked by our customers," How can you sell high- class goods so cheaply ?" is answered thus— ARE PAWNBROKERS of establiskei reputation. Jewellery, Watches, and Tablepiate are tke specialities of our business. Money In small and large sums is lent each day to makers and workers (under fairest conditions—charges low, privacy secured) resident in all parts of the country. Naturally CLEARANCE MUST BE MADE frequently of the great quantity of unredeemed pro- perties. Big bargains can now be secured. Call and ask for whatever you zequirs. R. H. REED & SON. 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Bottom end, close by the Atielphi Hotel). Telephone 5,034. STARTLING BARGAINS IN WATCH WRITTEN GUARANTEE WITH EACH. ALL RELIABLE, NO MATTER HOW LOW IN PI-ICII.

GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IX CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GOUT SCIA.TICA LUMBAGO HEADACHE. PAINS IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES. CHILBLAINS, PRICE la. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, 7, CHURCH STREET • AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EVANS, SON AND CO., Sid JOHN TROMP- sox, LukatrooL. Telephone No. 700.

BERESIPORD, LATE LEE AND BURMAN. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, TO MAKE ROOM FOR LATEST XMAS NOVELTIES OF MILITARY AND LADIES' HAIR BRUSHES, IN IVORY, SILVER. AND EBONY. TRAVELLING AND DRESSING BAGS, OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. DRESSING, LETTER WRITING, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE CASES, LADIES' HANDBAGS, PURSES. IN ALL NEWEST SHADES, AND WITH GOLD AND SILVER MOUNTS. BUY FROM THE MANUFACTURERS YOUR SILVER BRUSHES AND MIRRORS AT UNAPPROACHABLE PRICES. 771 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TO FISH CURERS AND FISH MERCHANTS. WM. McLACHLAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING- MERCHANTS, 128, BRIDEGATB, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LOCHFYNE FRESH and SPRINKLED HERRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest Market F:toes. Cash with orders. Telegram address: Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone No. 1186.

LONGIVVORTH PAPER MERCHANT BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE ~ Us „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE on PINK .. 12s 6d. CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 'lid ;16 by 24, 10d; 19 by 29 ls 3d per re. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. is, 4 ozs. is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE id per 10D0 less. ENVELOPES, is sa loco. NOTE PAPER,3O per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET. MANCHESTER.

ir /Th UOMPETITION KEY," PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY, PRICE ONE PENNY. C4l A OVER ilak/ IN PRIZES. CONTAINS SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appearing inithe principal weekly periodicals, Great Football Competition, Unique Colossal prize Scheme, Graph. ology Column by Zola." TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION :—Single Copies, Post Free,2d.; One Month, 63. ; three months (12 numbers), is. PUBLISHERS ; kjAMPBELL AND SON, STANLEY CHAMBERS, LEICESTER.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN W.I. AN ROW; FROM 38.6 D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, 130 S TON, PHILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND sLould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at ADELAIDE, Al ELBOUNE and SYDNEY STEAMENS from LIVERPOOL. EXAMINER OFFICE, lEWSEY S MEET WARRINGTON.

kjIIEMISTS WHO COMMAND PUBLIC ESTEEM. THREE GOOD QUALITIES YOU MAY DEPEND UPON. (1) THE PERFECT FRESHNESS (2) THE GOOD QUALITY (3) THE FAIR PRICE 01 ALL DRUGS SOLD AT BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. Every Branch is under the management of a oem- petent man, qualified by examination of the Phar- maceutical Society. The services of a reliable Chemist are thas at the disposal of EVERY cus- tomer, whether a Physician's prescription is brought to be dispensed, or the simplest drug is required. For (1) PHYSICIANS PRESCRIPTIONS (2) PURE DRUGS (3) SURGICAL APPLIANCES (4) TOILET ARTICLES (5) HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS take the lead in the towns where they have branches. TOILET ARTICLES.—Many of the branches have a large and elaborate stock of Hair Brushes, Vinai- grettes, Fancy Combs, &c., suitable for presents. in inexpensive or expensive mountings, according to the taste and means ot purchasers. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, ARE SOLE LOCAL AGENTS FOB THE FOLLOWING SPECIALITIES : BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Highly recommended to sufferers from Bilious- ness and Liver troubles. Is. lid. for Sid. at Boots. Cash Chemists. GRATTON'S EMBROCATIOS. Splendid testimonials from leading athletes. Strengthens the muscles. I. for led. at Boots, Cash Chemists. WILLS' WAUKEEZIE. A real corn curer. It never fails to give prompt relief. is. for led. at Mots, Cash Chemists. CAMPBELL'S CHERRY COUGH CURE. Unfailing remedy for stubborn coughs and sore throats. is. lid. for is. at Boots, Cash Chemists. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S, POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S 221 BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

SEAL SKIN JACKETS AND FURS DIRECT FROM THE MA.NUFACTURER, GUARANTEED AT LEAST 20 PER CENT. BELOW ANY RETAILERS PRICE. W. CREAMER AND CO. FUR MANUFACTURERS AND SKIN IMPORTERS ARE SHOWING A SUPERB STOCK OF RELIABLE PUBS AND SEAL JACKETS IN T.B NSIYEST STYLES, ALSO A GIGAN TIC COLLECTION OF FINE SKINS. ANY GARMENT MADE TO ORDER ON THE PREMISES. 130 SEAL COATS, PRICES FROM 10 GUINEAS. AN ENORMOUS VARIETY OF NECK FURS, MUFFS, kc. 56, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THE RIGBT THING AT THE RIGHT TIME. THE AUTUMN SALE AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING tiTORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. MONDAY, OCTOBER 9TH, TO SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4TH, HIGH-CLASS GOODS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. CARPETS Made and Laid FREE. IMPORTANT CFURtTllll3ltyere ADVANTAGE LINOLEUMS LAID FREE. ALL PURCHASE OVER 40e. DELIVERED BLINDS MADE FREE. FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. dend for Special Sale Catalogue it will interest you.

- - ESTABLISHED 1838. RICH ARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMB MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 3re. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

LADIES' TAILOR FROM PARIS, PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. P. RAPETTI, I6A, RODNEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. PRICE MODERATE. ON PARLE FRANCAIS.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS, DIAMONDS, WU) AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKER) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DEBCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Lc., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

MANCHESTER G It E A T F 0 R snow ALL CLASSES TAILORING 0 F AT OVERCOATS PRICES AND AND SUITS TO CLOTHING FOR SUIT ALL AUTUMN AND DEPOT. WINTER. REQUIREMENTS. SEE WINDOWS. 8, AND 10, HORS EMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDERELLIS : SIX BOXES FOR 18s. 6d. AT W. SHA W'S, (WHOLESALR DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS', COPE'S, HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. BOLE ADDRESS: TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. -L-1 • ..LIAADE'S PILLS.

DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If ycu cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are 'UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. I L.) tj TTERLY UNRIVALLED. h Sold everywhere in tins 13Icl. each, or free on receipt of stAmpa from THOMAS KEATING, Chemist, London.

EVERT WEAK MAN (,ZHOULD send fora Descriptive Treatise on the 1...) Modern and Successful Treatment of Nervous Diseases and Physical Weakness in Men, including Premature Ex- haustion and loss of Vital Energy, with other allied affections by local absorption (i C. without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the subject, tegether with numerous recent testimonials showing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor- tunity ot being quickly restored to perfect health. sent in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. E. NORTON, 59 k 60, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. Consultations personally, or by letter free of charge. ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS.

THOMAS WRIGHT, TIRE AND THIRY-RESISTING. WROUGHT IRON AND STICK' L SA2E MAKER 35, IT EST-,FIT EBT, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINOTON.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOFING COUGH The celebrated etrectua HOOFING COUGH cure 'without interna medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price ITOOPING COUG H 48. per bottl e. Sole Wholesale Agents, B RONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria street, ,CROUP London. ROCHE'S HER EMBROCATION.

K EATING PO W D ER. • KEATING'S POWDER, KEATING'S PO WDER. Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles • Kibs Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d.' 6d., and Is Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS. BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. puNos By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. piANos Prices and Terms to suit all pockets. ORGANS Instruments delivered FRICH to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. PIANOS No Bondsmen or Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from 108. 6d, per month. ORGANS from ss. per month. puNos Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLPRODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. AO. TOWLES CHLORODYNE 131td. per Bottle, A. P. TOWLE ANOYESTER.

ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, & CO., LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVELPOOL.

CYCLES ! CYCLES! kjYCLES OVER 150-6-0 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOOK IN LIVERPOOL ep FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS. INCLUDING : Royal Enfield, Rudge-Whitworth, Elswick, New Howe, "BeestOn and Coventry Humbers, Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley 4c., Lc. Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Basy terms of payment, from 10s. per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at ovule for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a 713toycle. WILLIAM. LEA, " LIVER" CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY. PRELDIINARY NOTICE. AT THE ROYAL COURT THEATRE. WARRINGTON ON TBU 13, 14TH, AND 15TH DECEMBER NEXT, "TILE PICKPOCKET?' IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT NURSING ASS;;CIATION. ARTHUR BROWNS, HON. TREASURER & SECRETARY.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s. 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

WIDOW WELCH'S YILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and iucreasing demand Purchasers 'should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the 'OciotriaL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outeide 10)el by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & Sox 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemist.

NOTIuE : NEW 'BUS BERVIC&. ARNIM'S ARMS, FEARNHEAD.I JOSEPH ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fearnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, 'etc., provided at any time.i at reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison's latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES. and Stout. Wines, Spirits, and cigars of the Best Quality. A FIR§T-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Ullss of Photographic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHER GROUPS A SPECIALITIE.

DP trc 911C/S rlt. Jr EXA3IINEII." OCTOBER 27TH, 1899. All communications including solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the " Draughts Uditor," " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must reach the office not later than the first post on Fft I DAY morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far; asi possible, answer in this column all inq,slries.] SOLUTION TO PROBLEM No. 55. SELECTED. Black man 2, and 12 ; King on 30. White men 18, 26, and 28 ; King on 3. White to move and win. 26-23 23-16 10-15 19-23 28-24 30-26 15-11 2 7 15-18 31-27 23-19 16— 7 15-11 23-26 24-20 26-23 3-10 16-19 *LB_l4 20-16 18-16 12-16 11-15 23-31 W wins. *Only move to win. PROBLEM No. 56. By W. TONIKINSON, WARRINGTON. [BLACK

!v,, • r U ~ ~,„„ __ • , ...4 Ac) 4, , „,/ , --/, 0, , . , „,/,,,1 .: .2r * _ , , , , , , v, e> , 7 y/4 1 aM. 'z ,

A oinc4tit gotrbant.4l TANTED, GENBRAL SERV&NT, small family.-110, I Y ECaLE/S OLD-ROAD. Manchester.

WANTED SEEVANT.—AppIy Mrs. Kit, 4, Lime-read. Edge-lane, Stretford, neat Manchester. g W A 1,617 EHD G E, ATEONNALS MOOR-ROAD..K R VHAeN,, T yo n Chapel, . anothertookp kept.

WA.NTRD GIRL, (go,d, strong, age 16 to 18), for Cot tage laundry.—Apply, Mrs. BARRETT. Tong Norton- Shifnal.

WANTED, GHEE/IAL for small family; good home for willinggirl.—Biasns. 85. Iligh-street, Wavertreo, Liverpool. WANTSD good GENERAL. far gale family of—tWo ; really good reareocoo ; to wash preierrod.—Mrs. KNIGHT, Erystdedwydd, Colwya.

WANTED, immediately, for hotel, a good Plain COOK ; £22, all found, fare paid. A.lso a good General. able to assist with washing ; £l4. Apply, Mrs. FRAY, Acton Trussell. Stafford.

WANTRD a strong respeotable GBNIPLAL age 13. Four in Family. Washerwoman kept. Salary £l2.—Atply Miss WALDEN. 17. Heywood-street. Moss Side. Blanches- ter.

jj ALE and FR.SIALIi NURSHS ITITUTION, 70, Hepe- ,Y_L street, Liverpool.—Establlshed 1878.—For reliable tlttendants, Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, ‘pply or telegraph.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

apartmiento, &eurntobeb jOUStS. 9 lORQUAY.—Furnished APARTMKNTS, near Post Office. 1_ Sea and LlRcombe Drives. ..Mrs. LOW, Brockleany, , Kent's-road. - •

rIOW LYN BAY--Oornfortatole APA.RTMENTS, pleasant V situation ; winter terms.--Mrs. LEECH. Mornington, Erskine-road.

SBOROUG-H.—Overlooking North Bay and Clarence Gardens. Public and private roon2s. winter terms.— Mrs. PEIXE, 30, Blenheim Terrace.

r I '0 LET, BLACKPOOL, Company HOUSES, Bank-street, Central Drive, six others.—Apply ROSIN- SON MOORE, 30, Abingdon-atreet, Blackpool.

CASTBOURNE.—LARGE WINTER ROOMS, cheap, _LA central. Good cooking and attendance. Moderate terms.—Mrs. LARKIN, Savernake House, South-street.

SCARBOTIOUGH.—Mrs. J. L. GIBSON, Victoria Hause,ls Blenheim-terrace, public and privata sitting-rooms with splendid sea view. For autumn, reduced terms. Special arrangements for week ends.

PliNKßTH.—Cottageo 4s. Od., 38. 6d. an Zs. Bd. per week MILL-STRBBT.—Several Suites ()aloes. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent 88. ed. 33, BRIDGR STRRBT. LARGB DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse ire., principal position 12 town, rent nioderate. Semi-detached House Penketb, rent £l2. SHOP OLIVRR STRBRT, rent es. RoBERT LOWE Bstate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wee rington. Telephone—No 55.

- good roomed MOUSES in Plerpoint-street, rents 4s. 6d, I) weekly ; 91, and 93, Pierpoint-str,et, at 3s. 31. weekly ; 57, New-rosd. at 4s. 9d. per week ; 95. 91, 89, Howard-street, Sankey Bridges, at 3s. per week ; 1. Oliver-street, at 3s. 6d. per week. All denied through for good tenauts.—Apply A. B. MARSH, Estate Agent, 3, Rolleston-street, Warrington.

rpo LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANK rents 41. Apply I. WOODB & SON, solicitors. Horsemarket-at., Warring- ton.

TO LRT.—LARGR ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply WOODS It SON, Solicitors, Horeeinarket-etreet, Warrington. •

TO LET. six roomed HOUSH.. with good garden. near I Padgate Station.—Apply. Mrs. POTTER, Green-lane, Padgate. PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-stmt.-- Apply WooDs lc SON. Solicitore, Horeemarket-street, Warri.ngton.

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT PITTS'S LO N DON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station, through Railway Arch.) SPLENDID SELEO NON OF BARGAINS. IMMEDIATE DISPERSAL IMPERATIVE. PITTS'S ANNIVERSARY SALE commemorates the advent of PITTS'S in London-road, and gives PITTS'S an opportunity of further benefitting their in- numerable customers by offering IRRESPECTIVE OF PRO- FIT, thoroughly reliable Furniture, Carpets, Pianos, and General Furnishings, 13i.TTS'S ANNIVERSARY SALE is sufficiently well 1 known and highly appreciated net only in the Man- chester locality, but fifty miles around, to make it unneces- sary to emphasise the Sale's .undoubted popularity. Most shrewd, wide-awake people are aware that at this Sale £1 often goes as far as £2 usually do. Hence the rush for bargains. - - DITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES of FURNI- TITEM at 151, 221, 28i, 38i, 50, 75, 140, 200, up to 1.000 guineas, specially augmented in quality and quantity. repre- sent a CLEAR SAVING OF ONE-HALF. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, con- taining 7041 artistic designs, each priced, sent post free. Cash prises only quoted. Deferred payments arranged suiting convenience. DITTS'S FIFTEEN-AND-A-HALF-GUINEA BAR - GAIN, LIVING ILOOM has strong Sofa or Couch in American Leather, set of nice Chairs, serviceable Dresser, Pair of Rocking and Arm Chairs, Substantial Square or Fall Leaf Table, Fender, Fireirons. Floorcloth and Rug, Wringing Machine, Dolly, and Tub, three Pans and Kettle BED- ROOM includes Pair of nicely polished or enamelled Toilets. Loth fully enclosed with drawers, large Swing Glass at- tached, tile back. /cc. ; two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail, Toilet Set, full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and two Pillows. Carpet or Flooroloth STAIRS AND LANDING lilted with Carpet, Floorcloth Stair Hooks and Byes. Brass Door Plato, Cocoa and Doer Mats. Compare this wi k what expensive City firms char& £35 for and judge for yourselves. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expensive city firms charge £250 for. Eight rooms, each containing re- quisite number of tasteful, durable articles. Space f4raids details, but the drawing room is in Rich Tapestry. Dining room Leather, Sitting-room Saddlebags. First Bedrrom, American Walnut; Second, Mahogany ; Third, Satin Walnut; Fourth. Decorated Kitchen. Scullery, Hall, Stairs, Land- ings, Carpets Rugs, Floorc,oths. Unqiestionably a marvel- lous bargain. Well worth inspecting. DIT7S'S BEDSTEADS, CARPEIS, CYCLES, Bassinettes, Mail Carts, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen- ware. Mignificent selection. e.fluaranteed great saving. DITTS'S PIANOS BY COLLARD, BROAD WOOD, KIRKMAN, and other good makers, fully guaranteed; splendid selection; grand bargains in NEW and SECOND- HAND INSTRUMENTS for Cash or Easy 'Payments, de- livered first instalment. DITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. 1 —Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses at about Half City Prices' SAMLJEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Yu. Cars pass the Door.

VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD , SEND 3 STAMPS !FOE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. SIMPLE, SAFE. RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE. MADAME FARLEIGH. 160, HACKNEY-ROAD, LONDON. N.H.

*alts bp Vrthatt Ereatp.

G-. H. H. m. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, au, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, 13LRLouR Suite, Upholstered in 1 Bed Plush. Gets and Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well R 6 6 made. Our Price S. D.

GliNl'S Gold English Lever Payments taken. Hunting WATC 4. by Harris & Son, London and Manchester; in heavy 18 Carat Gold Cases, with all ELI latest improvements. Our price US.ti D. AT CLIIIHCH-STRISET.

fiENT 3 very Massive 18 Carat Payments taken. kft Gold Albert CHAIN, Hall- ,tll. 1 marked on every Link. Our price _LOS. OD. WORTH DOUBLIL. rt ENT'S Gold ENGLISH LEVER Payments taken. 1J WATOiI by that noted maker, J. Hargreaves, Liverpool in heavy 18 Carat Gold Cases. A genuine t 410 forfeit. Really cheap. S. WORTM DOUBLE. JACKSON'S, CHURCH-STREET.

ADY'S Gold Geneva WATCH, Payments taken. cApital timekeeper; and Gold td4 / r' ALBSRI ; the two .2i 13g. 6D. YERY CHRAP.

J ADT'S Pirst-class Silver Lever Payments taken, _LI WATCH, in capital condition and really good timekeeper. Glennine forfeit. Warranted two 49 6 years. Our price ...IS. D.

LADY'S Long 'Gold GUARD, Payments tskes.• very neat pattern. Almost 412 new. Our price s. 6D. WORTH 6 GUINEA 6.

1 A R (3- 14 Stock of Silver Payments taken W AT C H R 8 and Silver ALBERTS on Sale. Very Cheap.

DOST FREE a2B page illustrated Price List, Belts, Bee.- dages, and all kinds rubber goods.—ATEmsoN, 56, Hill- street, Middlesbro'.

11,c4TArylvtlieDmiN.liTARoPpIoLsLt7r.eeIfnrovrnalui/lsob jleAmforsalnnddriitegtomn: villas, Margate. CHHAP Printing and Lithogranily.—Large cash hxyers should send for estimate to VEni, Barnsley. Nearly 40 machinos and presses at work. -VINANCIAL ADVICE FREE, from Experts; large profits 1: on £5 to £lOO investments.—Write JCOTT AND Co., 20, 13ishopgatestreet Without, London. 5.0.

'IHARACTHRS read; photo or handertitinz, is. 2d. for V Palmistry, send hand improssions.—PaimaPs, 30, Winfield Mount, Blaeansan-lane, Leeds.

4GENTS WANTED to sell Paris Exhibition Tickets ; free ticket to bona fide Agents. —THE INTERNATIONAL ToURISTS SOCIETY. Ann street. Jersey.

PATCHWORK (new) ; 75 lovely Silk Cuttings, Is. 3d.; 200 Crazy, Is, 3d. ; Crewels, bid. doz al.elns,—Mrs. BAKER, 46, Church-road, Horfield, Bristol.

BBST Outer Covers fur Dunlop /time, us each; 189 a tubn and valves. 45 each ; all old outer covers re- rubbered, 7s each.—MILLENNIUM TYRE, CO., Stockport.

TAILORS AND OUTFITTERS. Advertiser open to cut J. and make (own workshops) Ladies' and Gents CLOIIIINO.—BuLLock, 56, Mile End-road, London.

-URIiNCH and AMBRICAN RUBBEM Co—Post free, a 28 12 page illustrated price list, also valuable information.— Address ATKINSON. 56, Hill-street, Middtesborough.

rlll4lll Marvel Patent FILTHR.—A splendid Selling Line at is. Agents Wanted ;£5 weekly easily eFrned ; par- ticulars free. Write PATENT FILTER CO., Sheffield.

-%I ARRIBD LADIES.— INFORMATION OF PRIOBLIISS .131. VALUE (FRllB).—dtamped envelope; lame paper.— Mrs. LAWRENCE. 2, South John-street. Liverpool.

DANCING, Waltzing learnt in half-an-hour. instructions sent Is. ed. post free ; simple method, guaranteed gennine.—W. BnoctmEatatsT. London House, Ruthin. FILHU course of CORRHSPONDRNeE. Harmony lessons 1.2 given by Universi:y Graduate to limited number of applicants.—klua. BAC.. 52, Trinity-road, Wood Graen, N.

1101 ATENT WATER FILTER seat pest free for ls. Great J. convenience, medicAl testimonials, everyone delighted, fiend for sampIe.—RICHARDION. Buck-street. Birmingham.

FFIBM! Fish Fish I—On riceipt of 2s. 6d. will forward Bass of Finest Scientist Fish ; carriage paid ; trade sup plied ; price list free.—liaßßY BATTY. Fish Docks, Grimsby.

DOUGHTON LOVIECK AND CO., 46, Pall Mall, London. livery description of Turf Business Transacte3, Lowest prices. No commission. Best of Terms on application.

66 WAHLTI HEALTH SALT."—Send 30 in stamps and we will send you post free to sample a 4d tin of this first•class artiole.—WAELTL AND CO., 3.3. Musley-street, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

fULASTIC STOCKINGS AND BAN DAGk.—Why pay _E-4 three or four profits Only makers in Lanoashire. Cheapest makers in the tracle.—SMlTH & Soss, 37, Brack- road, Liverpool.

28 15s- only.—Capital hair-seated mahogany DINING- ROOM SIIITIL comprising largo couch. massive pair ot Cromwell easy chairs. and six small chairs. Cut 224 £8 15s. only. BURTON, 97, Granby-strost, Liverpool.

1101RIVATII CHRISTMAS CARDS. P,lnted in Gold with 1 your own wording, name and address. Prom Is. 6d. per day Sample Book sent —THomAS BBOTHEBS MID Co., Printers, 34, 3, and 37, Ivortom-road, Liverpool.

SD STAMP for or Illustrated Price List of RUBBlifi SURGICAL APPLIANCES, bast and cheapest in the trade ; goods not approved of will be exchanged.—M. FAR- LEIGH (fox 61), 160, Hackney-rod, London, N.R.

PP YOUR WINDOWS SHAY!! TRY the only automatic 1 an perfect remedy the "ANTI SASH RATTLER ' PATENT' has as loose parts. Poet free 6d. a set. Wood for' similar@ —ATKIN& AID Bviais, 93. Cedar Grove, Liversool.

2100 RBWARD to any Person Producing a Caro for Piles wore successful during 10 years than the Physicians Inward Remedy ; worth £l. By Chemists Is ; post tree is is. SPEraaNG, Bone-Better, Batley, MARRIHD LADIBS.—Dr. Balfour's Brery Wife and Mothers' Book, containing information of the utmost impertanes to the sea ; don't fall to send ; all should rend it, post free 2 stainps.—CENTRAL DISPENSLRY, 174, Kingsland- road, London. M.

1- ONDON.—Taverapr's Temperance Hotel, 41. 43, and 45, Judd-stroeb. Bustou-road. Comfortable, inexpensive home, close to Boston, St. Pancras, and Great Northern Station.. Bed and breakfast from 3s ; tariff on application. Cycle accommodation.

WORRIRD MOTHERS.—Dr. Balfour's Every Wife and Mother's BOOK,containing information of the utmost importance to the sex, don't fail to send ; all should read it. post free 2 stamps.—CENTRAL DItPENSARY. 174, Kingsland- road, London, N. lIINKLBT'S Cyclists Training PILLS. No. 1 Reducing. No. 2 Strata ning, 15. par box. Hinkley's Tonic Re- newer, pleasant, lasting Piok-up for cyclists, ;ablates, and others, 25. 6d. of all medicine vendors or en receipt of stamps frees lIINKLEY AND CO, Cyclists' Chemists, Ray-streeet, London, B.C.

RUPTURES.—Trusses and Elastic Stockings free by post en receipt of 4s.—Directions for measurement and advite sent free. Knee caps and anklets 21 Bd. AU surgi- cal instruments at moderate prices, and sent punctually.— &Dow:um Instrumeat Branch, 8, Ray street. London, B.C.

ris• 111 11OLD.—Fariworth, near Widnes.—Tha extensive Works, lately used by the Laacashire Manure Co., 'Atli Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with sidlnE to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring .pace.—Maress J. Hoexisto, 18, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

RBAD THlS.—Specist offer of tigh grade SILVBR ENGLISH LEMURS; compensated balance; Brequet spring ; correct timekeepers 45s ; warranted 5 years ; usual price 6 guineas. To advertise watches 4 real gold Front Studs given to each purchaer.—WOOLSEY. Manufacturer, 44, Middierste-street, Great Yarmouth.

2" COCKERELS in White Leghorns, Blue Andalusions, Ci•'d, Silver and White W•andottes, 6s, up- also in Pullets. 20 White Leghorn 4s. 6d. upwards ; 6 Silver Wyandotte, 30s, lot. 3 White 14s.—All gond birds frosts aelessted winning strains.—Apply A. C. RUSSELL, The Grange, Eccles, Mansbester. S OU T H P OR T OR SALE CENTRAL PREMISES, built expressly for carrying On the briefness of hay, straw. and provender dealers, containing good commodious ware- houses, start sheds. 4 stall stable, harness room with lofts over, also good dwelling-house, two sitting rooms, seven bed- rooms, bath, we kitchen, scullery, pantry, Ice.—Particulars FllialitlDOl AND HAIM, Aughton-road, Birkdale. T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I hove a I. Quantity of Good GOTEKNNIENT GOODS, passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Litt? Waterproof Sheets. 6ft. by 311.. ... 2 6 Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t. 611 Heavy, Large. Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey W'aterpnof Overcoats Government All-leather Meadstalls, lead attached— 2 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Hugs. 411 weight, .711, by 6ft-. 2 6 ,Watorproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 46iu. by 421 n ...... 3 0 White Rubles' Sheets, Brass Ryelethelea, 46in. by 421 ti E 0 Very Strung Leather Leggings, per pair Vlioalder lags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horsed' *oak Collars, All-leather, any sloe '6 8 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 2511.. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets, lift. by 511 2 6 Carriage Sr Doer Mats, real skin, full site Sureingles with Rollers Tarpa.utin Covers, made up to any sloe, Is. per square yard, with lashing. Any of titcabove carriage paid to your home, from H. J. dAssurs, iiiovc•rauleat Contractor, Rye.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 202, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel, No. 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 pm. (Saturdays) 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE At HOUSEHOLD ltl-QUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, consisting ef GENUINE SECOND- HAND ARTICI, la, oansigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very Seat quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing snd repute, and now offered for sale at MOST MODEHAT, PRICES. WE SHOULD LIKE you to call end insp.ct our Stock, even if you do not happen to intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pestered to buy, as in other places ; but people of commonse .se will &rid in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCE AUNTS, and wears confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS.-NET CASH ON OR BEFORE DELIVERY. If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free ot charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable deposit. 7(1-GUINEA UPRIGHT GRAND PIANO, new special V drawing-room model, in Chippendale case, by Weber Berlin ; the actien is of the very latest type, haying several exclusive and important improvements found only in this maker's instruments, and the tone and touch are as near perfection as it is possible for them to be. Price £34. No, 6124, ' TTPRIGHT GRAND PIANO, by the renowned maker Mittag, fully trichord, overstrung, under dampar, and ivory keys, enclosed in burr walnut case, with handsome roare,up.eria panel front. Maker's list price 65 guineas ; now uft'raaito; 31 guineas net cash. No. 5825 rtABINICE BOOKCASE of Chippendale style, in solid kJ mahogany, splendidly finished throughout; the base is fitted with drawers and cupboards, and has a bevelled mirror at the back ; the surmounting bookcase is supported on turned pillars, and has lattice-panelled glass doors. Price £l4 10s; cost £25 recently. SFT WALNUT BOOKCASE of solid construction, in three divisions. Only £7 5s ; worth £l2 Ks. No. 56'36. L'ASHIONABLE DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, high-low _1 settee, twe easy and four Basalt chairs, with carved mahogany frames and padded backs, upholstered in Genoa velvet. Price 10 guineas. No. 6023. LIIRST-CLASS DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most 1 approved style, with carved solid mahogany frames, covered in sups rior tapestry. Only £3los ; cost 19 guineas. No 5071. WALa pNpUeaTriDucßeA WcoluNcGh:RtOwo. Me. SUITEs, tofwo oclosstoanttlraetivde four single chairs, upholstered in rib crimson figured velvet. Prise £l3 108 ; cost £24. No. 5364. INLAID ROSEWOOD SUITE; settee, two arm and four 1 small chairs, the seats covered in embossed velvet. £9 ; cost £l5 ; and is still as gaol as new.-Hartley's. NATAItTi eU chairs having 'Arn gGI •0 0 shield-shapedil NIU T S backs, handsomesnphol s upholstered in dark-green frieze velvet. £lO 2s 6d. No. 59:0.-Hartley-es. 242, London-read WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, with carved frames, cover.d in floral tapestry ; a first-,lass suite in every way. Price £8 15a; cost £l5 10s. No. 5491. WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, seven pieces, padded backs, upholstered in embossed crimson velvet. £5 17e 6d. No. 5943.-Hartley's. CIHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY SUITE of latest style, aJ heir-stuffed, and covered in art tapestry. 18 guineas. No. 5866.-Hartley's, 202, London-road. F OUIS XVI. DRAWING-ROOM SUITS of luxurious style and admirable finish, consisting of settee with stuff-over back, two easy chairs of different shapes, two occasional and four single chairs, having dark mahogany frames, hair-stuffed, and covered in silk tapestry,with plush rolls and borders, Cost 40 guineas; price now £25 10s. No. 5337,-Hartley's, 202, London-road. OFT. SIDEBOARD, in dark oak. splendidly made and o! V fine aprearanee, having been designed and made specially to order by Gillows. Price £l2 13s ; cost more than double. Also the noble Overmantel to match, £5 ; cost £l5. No, 4872.-Hartloy's, 202, London-road. (FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD. massive and imposing.and V in very good oondition. £l4 ; worth £2O. No. 4799.- Hartley's, 202, London-road. °'FI WALNUT SIDEBOARD, of superior make and hand- -, some design. 19 ; cost £l7 10s. recently. No. 5558.- Hartley's, 202, London-road. INLAID ROSEWOOD CABINET of imposing appearance, • sft. wide and 9fl high, very elaborately inlaid and fitted with numerous be-elled plates of various shapes. Price £l7 10s.; oast 30 guineas. No. 5559.-Hartley's. SPANISH MAHOGANY SIDEBOARD. 6ft, wide (old- fashioned style) fitted with drawers and cupboards, and having plate-glass beim with carved pediment. Prise £ll. No. 5256.-Hartley's, 202, Loudon-road. ATEIRY FINE 6ft. SIDEBOARD. In brown oak, with ✓ advanced centre and massive canopy,back. £2ll ; cost £35. No. 5112. Also the QPLENDID DINING-ROOM SUITE to correspond, nine Li pieces. with brown oak frames of grand 'design, hair stuffed, and covered in dark green plush. Price £l6 58; east 40 guineas.-Hartley's, 2C-2, London-road. WALNUT SIDEBOARD, of best style and finish, with copper mounts and oval mirror panel in the back. Price £ll 10e. No. 3624.-flartley's. OAK SIDEBOARD of fashionable design, the beak fitted with shelves; mirror panels, and cupboard with stained glass doom. Price £9 lOs ; cost £l7 10s. No. 4272.-Hart- ley'a, 202, London-road. • SIDEBOARD, made frins beautifelly-igared pollard C., oak, enriched with ehotee carving, and of the highest excellence In workmanship and design. Originally made to order at a cost of L 35 ; price now £2O. No. 4203.-Hartley's , 202, London-road. WALNUT DINING-RrOM SUITE, upholstered in moquette, rich-looking and serviceable. Price only £7 10s; worth £l2 les. No. 5992.-Hartley's. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, seven pleees, with padded backs, upholstered in best leather °loth. '£4 15s. No. 5907.-Hartley's, 282, London-road. NAstruction : nine places, hair stuffed, ant covered in real morocco. £l7 ; eost R35.-Hartley's, London-road, WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, seven ohm's, well made, and upholstered in crimson morocco'. frit* £ll les ; cost £2l 18s. No. 4919.-Hartley'a. EXCELLENT SADDLEBAG SUITE, with substantially made frames; 7 guineas, Another high-olass Saddlebag Suite ; £8 5'4-Hartley's. 802, Loudan-road. WALNUT BOOKCASE. 311. Sin.. with drawers and cup boards (carved panels). £5 15s. No, 5122. BEDROOM SUITE in solid walnut, guaranteed well made and thoroughly reliable. £8 10s ; Na. 4798. Another in Satin Walnut. handsomely carved, 10 guineas ;, No. 5381.- Hartley's, 202. Londen-road. SATINWOOD BEDROOM SUITE of very superior finish and deslga, an admirable suite of furniture in every respect. Only £l4 Ms. No. 5903.-Hartley's. DARX WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE. Scottish 'make, solid throughout, and of very neat design. £2O ; cost £35. No. 5871,-Hartley's, 202, London-road. 12ASHIONABLE BEDROOM SUITE of best make and finish,in solid walnut ; the dressing chest has side wings and corner mirrors, and the washstand has two mirror panels in the back; loose pedestal, towel rail, and three chairs. £24. No. 5870.-Hartley's. London-road. [TERI CHOICE BEDROOM SUITE in Italian walnut, ✓ with 'relief panels of finest burr walnut ; this is an ex- tremely attractiv-looking suite and of really excellent work- manship. Price £2B 10s, No. 5507.-Hartley's. • (VEEN ANNE BEDROOM SUITE in fumed oak with sent copper mounts comprising wardrobe with plate-glass robing door ana stained glass panels ; drowsing' chest. wash- stand, and the usual complementary artioles ; all designed in correct style and fiaished in the best possible manner. Price £27 10" ; cost £45 this year. No. 5884. QIIERATON BEDROOM SUITE of finest style and quality. A. 7 the inlaid work being particularly choice ; the snits com- prises trio wardreoe, dressing chest, and washstand, chairs. pedestal, and towel rail. Price £lO cost nearly double. No. 6062. PHIPPENDLLE BEDROOM SUITE of mast magnificent NJ style and character, consisting of massive trio wardrobe, fift Sin in length, pair of sfl tables, and the usual accessories, purchased by the original owner from Maple's of Loacion,at a cost of £IUS. Price now £6l 10s. The wardrobe has only recently been re-lined and re-itted, and the whole suite is in perfect eondition. Ne. 6068. TO SELLEREL-WE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) ,or will sell on commission en year behalf, and (if required) 'make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing ficiantly exeented. Beti mates fres. Carmel:mud ease Invittalt. HARTLEY'S, 20., Le NDON-XOAD, LIVERPOOL.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery °timed by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH der/WINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : "I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first. I should have saved many pounds.—G.P.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent staled, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. pend at once earl be owed. 12 Years' Continuous Success

D. DE.ROO'S COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Ate justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains ii the Back, Gravel. Lumbago, Gout, Rheumttism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, St/me In the Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed io be nervous. *ltem arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.. at ail Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holtord House, Xolford-square, London, W.C.

lates.c Zurtion,

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEIc ft, AND VALUER. °Thee and Salerooms : No. 1. BANK-STREET. St ARRINGTON. Telephone No. E 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stuitly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, ttc., warehoused.

FOR SALE. an old and well-est3blished MILK round ; stock an utensils if desired.—Apply Mr. STONEHEWER, Henbury, Macele,field.

FISH, CHIPS, PBXS, an Min ,rala offer, good living accomrnodation.-60, t,REIT ON•STREET, Hula:to, MancLiestAr.

COIIIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety, Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also shop on Wheels. New List free.—MannoTr, Lever-it., Manchester.

AIRD ESSING SALOON for Sale cheap, well fitted throughout, populous neighbourhood. established five years ; satisfactory reasons for letving.—Apply by letter la. STRAD, 36, Saint James Place, Liverpool.

P BUTCHERS. &e.—On BALR, second-hand. cheap, 1 and in good condition. Engine and Boiler, Williams, silent chopping rnachine.—Apply, Box 150, " ThrimixFat " OFFICg, 'l-rineon.

01:1114.44.‘44t. I\ll HSS FLORWNC TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbaoh of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils f,r PIANOFONTIi LWSSONS. Recomme, ded by H. IiTENDPIF.R-WHLBIN(4. Efiq , F. IL Caossioir and others.— Address 16. MVSEUM-STRISLT, WarringtOrl.

H. R. (OrgWan'ist PAC nYorri r°lnNa terM Uo f 8 W yßc (Ai fle. e C hVulreclh;" RECEIVFIS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTB, HARMONY, COUNTBRPOINT. and THROHY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, Lwill-fannitT, Warrington.

TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETAC iiAI3LII NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, claeapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop Talves, 4s. 6d eacb. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

Alarbtlitrp, etc. RSlOs. onIy.—MODEL ENGIN% copper boiler, and dynamo. Cost £3.?.. BURTON, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

t)A TICNT OFFICR MANCHHSTER, EBTA.BLIIIIIED IN 1835. Mew GEORGE DAVIBiI & SON have ha 4 mole than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practiGallanowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactxres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. EfiIORGH DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.F.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCH/BURR.

gl4los.—PIANO, by Furnival and Sons ; brigs plate, iron frame. equal to new ; £l4 10s. BURTON'II, Granby-street.

E 6 6S. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, 28. 6d. each; highest grade instruments of every descrip- tion actually obtainable for this absurd Sum. Write for full partieulars enclosing stamp.—CHARLES ELLts, Lingfield Surrey.

WILLIAM LEA'S PIANOS. How to Bliy a PIANOFORTH, ORGAN. or HARMONIUM At the Lowest Possible Price, and a Choice of Four Different Ways of Paying for an Instrument. 32,100 PIANOS, ORGANS, & HARMONIUMS Sold by William Lea since 1871. Catalogues of new Up-to-Date Models post free. 50 IND 52. CHURCH-STRRET, LIVEIRPOOL.

DIANO by Berd, panel front. check action walnut case. .1 brilliant tone. Net price £2l, or upon the easy payment system £22. As supplied to the Liverpool School Board. WILLIAM LilA, 50 AND 52, CHUROII-iTRBET. DIANO by Broadwi-o-d end Sons. rosewood case, nateat- .l check action. marqueterie panel. Net price £3O, or upon the easy payment system £3l 16s. WILLIAM LPL, 50 AND 52, OLIUROPI-STABIT. -DIAN° ydohn Brinsmead and Boas. la eboalsed ease, triehord,lcheuk action, haud.oase panel front. Net cash £3O, or upon the easy paymeut system £3l 10s. WILLIAM LBA, 50 Arno 52. 0111711014-STRIIIXT.

1011IANO by Cellird and Collard, in black and gold oase,iren frame, pin-plate, trieberd, and all improveaaents ; £35, el* upon the easy payment system £37. "I am very pleased; will recommend yen to all our friends."—T... Truro. WILLIAM LICA, 53 AND 52. CHInCli-iTIINET. DIANO by Neumeyer. ia rich walnut ease, full trichord, cheek action, iron frame, and all improvements. Net £23, or upon the easy payment systems £24. " Daring the lye years, instrument has given perfect satisfaction."—S.N. L., Narleatewn. WILLIAM LNA., 50 AND 62, CHURCH-ATRIIINT:

lOTTAGS OIG-A.X full compass et 5 Getavoe,llarge size, hahilsome Gothic ease, with knee pedal, Ao. Nob £4 10a., or upon the easy payment system £5. "Thoroughly satisfied with both tote cod appearance." —T. W., Chester. WILLIAM LA, 50 AND Et, CHURCH-STREIT.

CIOTTAGii ORGAN, in handsome tiethil case, witla seven kJ stops, knee pedal, very superior finish : net sash £7 15s, or upon the easy payment system 28 51. The choir. an- imation, aud myself aro delighted with the .ran."—G. S. 0., Newport. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52, CMURCH-STREIT.

(111 U liCki HAMMONIUM, oak. with 14 stops, 8 sets if N.J reeds, brat Preaah make ; net cash £l4, easy payments £l4 14s. As supplied by William Lea to the Liverpool Beard Scheele, WILLIAM LEA 140 AND 52, CMURCH-STREET, DR&WING-ROOM ORGAN, 13 stops, 2 knee pedals, 9 eetaves ef reds. charming pipe-like tone. Net cash £l2 121, or upol easy payment system £l3 13s. WILLIAM LEA. 60 arinis2, CHURCH-STREET. ritillit—CH—OßGAN, £45. Two-Manual Pedal Organ7ll4 kJ price 135 guineas. • magnificent instrument, with 111 steps, 11 sets of reeds. Net cash £45, or upon the easy payment system £4B. WILLIAM LEA, 59 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Ebr "(examiner " Otrits I OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEwSPIPERS. Comprises 'TIRE Warrington and Hi --Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. TLIE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 'THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. 'THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and TRE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d• 2s. Oct 27 Os. 9d. Is. led. „, 33. Oct 38 ls. Oct. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Oct. 45 l5. 3d. ... 3s. Id, 63. Oct. 64 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 65. Oct. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. filo advertise ment inserted on credit under 25. per insert on. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices ro may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stanip received for amounts under ss. These charges apply only to the classas of advertise ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAIR FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LRT HOUSES TO RE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FoUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT THE "EXAMINER "WORKS. BEWSEY-STREEr

IF YOU STUDY YOUR POCKETS AND WISH TO SAVE MONEY BE SURE YOU CALL OR WRITE AT ONCE TO F. D. MURRAY & CO., THE MONARCH FURNISHERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, &c., 57, BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. DEALERS IN PAWNBROKERS HIGH-CLASS FORFEITED PROPERTY, COMPRISING.: GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, JEWELLERY, DIAMONDS, PLATE, ANTIQUES, &c. HIGH-CLASS GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHERS ON THE IMPROVED HIRE SYSTEM OR DISCOUNT FOR PROMPT CASH. IMMENSE STOCK OF GENUINE SECONDHAND PIANOS AND ORGANS BY ALL LEADING MAKERS. At Special Low Prices. MURRAY &ND (ONLY PLACE OF BUSINESS) THE MONARCH FURNISHING ARCADE, 57, BRUNSWICK—ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

UPRIGHT COTTAGE PIANOFORTE, by that best of makers ERARD (cost when new 65 guineas) Rl9 17 extraordinary offer. Magnificent 13. 6D. Upright Cottage Piano, by that re- nowned maker ERARD. Full trichord,ldouble repeating check action, full compass, ivory keys sc.; rich powerful tone and all this famous maker's Improvements. In very handsome solid rosewood case (panel front) fitted with massive pair of candiebrases. A bonafide written warranty for 30 years satisfaction, tuned. repolished and delivered free.—Hurray's cash offer £l9 17s 6d. The Moaarch Furnishing Arcade, 57, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, by HENRY LEVI AND Co., MANCHESTER, cost original owner 6i guineas, £2 6.. sacrifice).tgli eh Lever N7Vpael Superior s and Mwag known maker. splendidly jewelled with costly Rubies, full Chronometer Balance,fully capped and all improvements. A most accurate and reliable timekeeper, in extra Heavy Sterling Silver Cases. A stamped guarantee for 25 years. A Bargain at double the price.

CHIPPENDALE DRAWING-ROME SUITE, valued at £l2 10s; E6l (new six months ago). Very hand- -1.8 S. 6D. some Suite in Chippendale (beauti- fully inlaid and splendidly upholstered), comprising settee, 2 large chairs and 4 small chairs, in grand order, really a sacrifice.. Payments or Cash. 57, Brunswick-road.

LADY'S Diamon.l and Ruby Engagement RING, cost 555. (rare chance) , Lady G 's very ehoice Gem RIN 14S. 911. set with tour real diamonds and three lovely rubies. In solid fine gold, stamped by government; special offer at 14s 9d.

0 VERSTRUNG Upright Grand PIANOFORTE, by Haake, new last December. cost late owner 75 guineas. 9 GUINEAS (sesond-hand) high-class upright Iron if Grand PIANOFORTE, by that unequalled maker, Make, of Hanover, magnificent overstrung cheek action, full triokiorn brass pia plate, nsarqueterie panel, surmounted with very massive pair of sconces ; fine powerful tone ; elastic touch and all known improvements ; as perfect as new ; tuned and delivered free ; a stamped warranty for 35 years, entire satisfaction. Our tempting offer. Call at 57, Brunswick-road.

SOLID SATIN WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE (made speci- ally by Liverpool maker) for 25 guineas. 213 17 .4 (only in use two months), High- s. VD. class, Solid Satin Walnut BED- ROOM SUITE; wardrobe beautifully carved; fitted with very massive plate glass robing mirror, two side mirrors and linen drawer, dressing ehest with large-size plate-glass swinging mirror (handiomely bevelled), two large drawers and two small ditto, surmounted with solid brass handles ; washstand with massive range marble slab and shaving mirror, with pedestal. towel rail and 2 chairs ; complete ; delivered free.

raDrs choice GOLD WATCH, valued at 755.. tt (Special), Lady's First Class Fine GOLD 375. l)D. WATCH, beautifully engraved cases; splen- did movement ; fully jewelled; keeping dead gun time ; a written warranty for 20 years. Payments taken.

UPRIGHT IRON GRAND COTTAGE PIANO by De-Wen—C. Cost 55 guineas. £lB 17 g (New in March lut),Magnifieent Up- S. VD. right Iron Grand Cottage :Piano- forte, by this well-known maker, Superior Rich Tone, full compass, full triohord. repeating check action, metalic Pin- plate and every known Improvement,Guaranteed Sound and Perfect, in very Handsome Solid Walnut Case, with Marque- tale Panel-surmounted with nsassive pair of Sconces. Tuned repolished and delivered free, A guarantee for 25 yearsgiven witk it.

(Seeond-hand fro KNOWSLEY), FULL 54 m 8. 6D. SIDS SOLID BRASS RAIL BEDSTEAD, Wool Bed, Bolster and two Pillows and extra Strong pair of Palliasses. This Gmnd Lot, no worse than new. Cost Original Owner 51 guineas, Payments taken.

SOLID BRASS KITCHBN HEATITPI SUITS, purchased in klaschester for £6 15s. 23 I_B (Unusual offer.) Very Massive all S. 6D. Brass Kitchen Fender; large size Fire Stool and Ash Tidy, only in use a fortnight, Suitable wedding present, worth double,

PAIN of SOLID wALNur DUCHBSSB TABLBS ; cost 10 gnineaa. e sHvaenrdys Handsome R - 12s. 6D. (a sacrifice). essivpeagresosf- ing Table, with large swinging plate glass mirrors. jewel drawers AG Wi.sh Stand, with solid marble slab. The pair as perfect as new. can be seen at 57, Brunswick-road.

WALNUT CHIFFONIER. by Noted London Maker, east £22 28 15 (second hand), magnificent piece of furni- S. tare. Holid Walnut Chiffonier, three extra large sized bevelled plate-glasses in back, also three massive plate-glass swinging deers (bevelled), the whole splendidly Inlaid and fitted with Celerette, marble slab, An.. call and see tkis tempting sacrifice, at The Monarch Furnishing Arcade.

GRAND Presentation MARBLR CLOCK and MARLE HORSES valued at ten guineas. (rare chance) very large solid Marble 24 12.. 6D. Striking Clock, measuring 20 inch.s In breadth by 20 inches high, splendidly finished movement (14 days). strikes hours and chimes half hours on powerful Cathedral gang. a written warranty for 30 years, together with massive pair offiErenze Marie Horses, 16 inches high, splendidly medalled. This special lot, only £4 12s 6d.

F. D. MURRAY A CO. Fta HIGH-CLASS SECONDHAND PIANOS „ GENUINE SECONDHAND PARLOUR FURNITURE „ SUPERIOR SECONDHAND BEDROOM FURNITURE „ KITCHEN FURNITURE t. WATCHES. PLATE, AND JEWELLERY „ BICYCLES. WRINGING MACHINES, BASSINETTES Ac EVEPRWIING YOU REQUIRE IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS : TEE MONARCH FURNISHING- ARCADE, 47, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

COOPER &ND CO'S CELEBRATED SAUSAGES. CELEBRATED SAUSAGES. DELICIOUS AND APPETIZING. UNEQUALLED FOR IehAVOUR AND QUALITY. GUARANTEED THE FINEST SAUSAGES PROCURABLE: WINDS OXFORD (1 IL/AMBRIDGE SLICING TOMATO SD. FRESE SUPPLIES EVERY MORNING. LOCAL BRANCH. 45 BUTTERNI ARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THE R. A PION- This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan, Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pAins and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, N.C.

FREE CHURCHMEN SHOULD NOTE that we have arranged to publish a monthly article relating to the FREE CHURCHES OF ENGLAND. IT WILL CONSIST OF TIT-BITS about all up-to-sate FREE CHURCH MATTERS, the work of the National Council and the local Councils, popular expositions of points its Fre* Church teaching, stud interesting quotations from NOTABLE WRITERS ON FREE CHURCH AFFAIRS. FIRST PUBLICATION TO-DAY! TO-DAY ! ! See Page 3 of this paper.

FREE WHEELS FREE WHEELS BOWN'S AND BEAUMONT'S FREE WHEELS can be fitted to any MACHINE, now or old, within t nty four hours. No Machin.J can be claimed to be absolutely up to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy running contrivances. The saving in the labour of cycling will com- pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of h tying th wheel fitted. Manufacturers—. WILMA NI BO WN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No, 7056. Makers of the Famous " iNILUS " CYCLES and P-"ings. Patentees and Inventors of the Ball Bearing as applied to all Cycles throughout the World.

, R. SCOTT'S piLu. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THY FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR SC3TT'S plus. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CUTE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURB ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. semi, s pi LLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THE waoLta SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICI DR. SCOTT'S piLLS. • Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead, but insist upon having the rignt thing, which Is wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps. PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF VISION. F. NEtBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY ST., 'WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTIIPORT

THE EXAMINER, OCTOBER 21st 1899.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. FR I.NK SUGG, 32, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Mention this Advertisement, and FRANK SUGG will Supply you with Postcards for your Club use, Free of Charge. " Football King" 93. 6d ,0 Absolutely Perfect. 'Ol ,s.N, C‘ntre Half Ball 7s. 61. '( . Junior Le,gue Ball ss. Od. • • .• National Ball _ Rugby I3aLs Same Prices. Bladders...l. \ LEAGUE" All Chrome Water- , ,•"t7.. I N ~, proof Boots. 10,3. 61., post tree. Sps.,ial Club' 7s. 61. " Forward ' (lace to toe), 9s. 6d. ------ "The MarJel" (reliable Boot), 43.9 d. Snril GUAriDi (Ati ...Pother) from 101 i. to 33. 11d, per pair. Sminrs (in all C)lours) .. 303.. 403. per dozen. YouTas' JERiEYI (in all Colours) 83. 3d. per dozen. .IC:itcKEtts—Bast Serge, Is. 61. to 53. 61 ; White Drill Swans- do Nu. is. 4,1. to 3s. 61. Goal Nets. 353. and 435. complete, as used by liviartJa live se tsaus. B is 111. to 73. 61. Write for Catalogue.

TUE POPULAR PIONEER PENNY 'PAM FOR THE BUILDING TRADES THE ILLUSTRATED CARPENTER AND BUILDER. ESTABLISHED 1878. Since then the Leading Journal in the Building Trades. THE PRACTICAL PAPER. Largest Circulation of Any Jou,n-ti coune3ted with the Building Trades, POI? THE NEANUFACITRER IT IS INDISMINSABLE. FOR THE ARTIZA.N IT IS AN EVERY-DAY NECESSITY. FOR THE APPRENTICE IT IS AN EVER READY YELP AND GUIDE. FOR ALL IN THE TRADE IT IS A CONSTANT AND FRIENDLY COMPANION. READ AND RECOMMEND IT. BEST MEDIUM FOR MANUFACTURERS' ADVERTISEMENTS. The CARPENTER AND BUILDER will be sent free by post for 13 3d for three months ; 3s 31 for six months ; 66 6d. for twelve months. THE ILLUSTRATED CARPENTER AND BUILDER, ONE PENNY WEEKLY. Specimen Copy Free for Three Halfpence. LONDON JOHN DICKS, 313, STRAND. All Booksellers, Bookstalls, and Newsagents. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDKR THP: CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES. New and Second- stand.—J. S. GARLAND 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warring- ton, —Advt. THE GLEN-SPEY AND STRATHMILL DISTILLERIES Situated in the finest Whisky-producing district of Scotland are the property of W. and A. Gilbev, and the Whisky made from Horn.-grown Barley only. ." Glen-Spey," 3s. 6d nd "Strathrnill,', 3s. 6c1., sod by W. and A. GILBEY gents in every town.—Advt. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER THE CLOCK.—Ado

S•P•Q.R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOuSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS BPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is. lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of 9id. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTEELN). LTD., PROPRIEFODS. HEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET,

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. I3ETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUF &CTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ac., Itc. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, ac., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, M RKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. e E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Scretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30, At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGII-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, Exactly opposite the Market.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (2ELFAST) LIMITED DEG- to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l.) Ha generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76., BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a -large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all Di which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE Housr., BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM, LIARRYVILTE FACTORY. BALLYMERE.

J MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROU AND FREE FROM CARES. INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSOR. WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO.. 15. SCHOOL-LANE. LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER AARE ET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

BowLS. BOWLS. BOWLS BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. JOSEPH DARLINGTON the noted old owl Turner, invites the inspection of his g 00•1 selection of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignum• vitce, and made strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS. --- GENERAL WOOD AND IVORY TURNER, 12, 14, & 16, SLATER-STABET, LIVERPOOL Established 1826.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN THE MAIIKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FUN GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOU ILMUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABi,E MOUNT direct from the Make* of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., TD.. 69, BOLD STREET, LIVER I' 00 L. LIVERPOOL.

MRS. WALTON'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEND LANE, PADGATE, NE MINIMiTS WALK F 3031 'SUS TECIINLI

S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRICE is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 90. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 35. BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGESTRT, exn MARKET-GATE. STOCkPoRT :-26, BRIDGE-STREET BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREET ECCLES :-58, ST. HELENS ORNISKIRK-STREET. CitEsTEK :-23, EASTGATE ROW and 30, BASTGATO- TEEET,

OUR FOOTBALL COAPEFITION. 50 for 10 correct results ; £25 for 9 correct results (if ,4.50 is not won) ; 20 for next best if neither Zso nor £25 is won £lO for next best (if £5O or £25 is won) ; £3 to the sender of the most Coupons. Aggregate Prize An Aggregate Prize of ~Too will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the kriO' gMLC)CP season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the £5O prize will be credited with 4 must be won. points; the ,Z. 25 prize 3 points; the prize 2 points; and the Lb prize I point. 20 Coupons for SHILLING P. 0.; If in Stamps, 15 are required. EACH OF THE NUMBERS BELOW REPRESENTS A COUPON. MATCHES PLAYED Free NovemßEß 4 1 1

23456 7 :8 9

10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 •

kerton : R Lamb. Filey; G A Allison, Newport, Mon. ; B RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION, Lavas. Glasgow; G Tillotsoa. Tunbridge Wells; Phillips. Northampton ; 1G Fletcher, Harringay • A Astles, Mooches" £63 WON tar; B Taylor. Dublin; G 8 Adams, Sl:lisbury ; R Sampson. The following were the results of the matches in last week's Haidatone ; P Critchley, Chorley ; G Holder, Nottingham : F Lamb, Wellingboro' ; A Lea, Cheltenham ; II Jeary, Long Competition. Preston North End drew with Derby County, Buckby ;• Notts. Forest beat Blackburn Rovers, Stoke beat West Brom- F J Law, New Swindon; A Marshall, Harrogate S Dunkley, Hitchin ; R Thompson, Melton Mowbray; le wich Albion. Liverpool beat Notts County, Chesterfield drew with Leicester Fosse, Burelem Port Vale beat Walsall, Payne, Bradford, H Wife, Bletchley ; W Brown, Southamp - Gravesend beat Brighton United, Salford beat Warrington, ton; A J Howley. Gloucester ; J Taylor, Doncaster; H Smyth, London: A Ingram, Richmond; D Price, Hornsey ; Exeter beat Bridgwater. Swansea beat Gloucester. The following competitors gave ten correct results and therefore D Johnson, York ; J H Balfour, Lincoln ; P Leigh, Coven - share the £5O prize: Mr 3 Bowley, 10, Bardon Hill, Leicester; try ; A Foreman; Gateshead' R S Smith Margate; F Mr A Simpson, Keeton House, Torquay (five coupons) ;Mr alason., London ; .11 W likes, Walsall. A G Cook. 8. Clarence Terrace, Regents Pd.rk, London; Mr TRE AGGREGATE PRIZE. Arthur, 52. Beulah-road, Tunbridge Wells; Mr H Proctor, The winners of the £5O price have had four points each 5, Spring Vale, Haslingdea Lancs. ;Mr C F Hutchings, Park placed to their credit for the aggregate prize,and ,the winners View, Carshalton, Surrey. of the £lO prize one point each. The £3 coupon prize has been won by Mr Ci Mason, TWO WARRINGTON WINNERS. Hursley, near Winchester, Hants. The following competitors gave nine correct results and If no other competitor is found to be entitled to a prize therefore share the £lO prize: W Massey. 160, ilattersby- before Thursday November 2nd, the £63 will be forwarded to lane, Warrington ; J Heywood, 153, Mersey-street, Warring the above-named winners on Saturday Noc ember 4th. ton ; E Pridgeon, Hull, C W Stanley, Stroud; ki Graves, SCRUTINY. Emphingham ; H Twining, Stroud : W Bowen, G-ravesend ; The following claims for a scrutiny in:the results published B Veale, Exeter; T Stratton, Kilnhurst ; F A Goddard, last week proved correct :—Mr J W Rodgers, 16, Mill Green, Woodhouse ; J W Rodgers, Stavely ; N Blunt. Stavely ; sig Staveley, and Mr J P Hodgson, Rose Terrace, Keswick, to Coles, Plymouth; W Courtis, Plymouth ; 11 T Sweetian& have sent in two coupons with nine correct results instead Dartmouth '• J Harris, Redruth ;N D Nelson, Devonpert ; r.t of one, and Mr F Beer, Exeter-road, Ivybridge, S. Devon. to WaUnderwood, Ellistown T Price, lbstock ; M Pittane, Len- have given nine correct results This makes a total of 65 • don ,• H E Pittani, 'London ; L Ivy, Dosimeter ; correct coupons sent in by 46 competitors. The winners will Marks, Kettering ; G Mason, Hursley W Spray, Pis- therefore receive 7s. 91. for each correct coupon sent Inc ,

THE BOERS. A School-Girl's Amusing Essay. At a class in one of our Warrington schools the scholars had recently to write an essay on " The Boers," and some of the productions were distinctly funny. We append the essay of one of the girls in the class, which will be difficult to beat for unconscious humour and originality. It is as follows : " THE BOERS." The early settlers of Cape Colony were the Boers. In 1896 a war was begun between the French and the English. At first the Boers ware looking very dirty and were very lazy. They are getting a little better by their colour and are doing more work. In 1886 Cape Colony was turned to a gold mine. The French were building buts, farms, aud gold mines. The French were plough- ing the ground and the English came and took the cpuntry off them. When the English were going to war the French went into the Orange Free State, and others into Natal. The English when they were going to war asked the French if they would lead them the Boers till they had finished the war, and they would have them when they had finished war. The English did not mean to give them back to the French."

RAILWAY" TIME TABLE. 1 OCTOBER. Y. OOM WARRINGTON Acton orsige-7 :O. 7 40, 3 28,9 50,10 20, 11 35 1 25, 2,2 55. i 5 20, 5 25, 7 LO. :,,tiii,i,...,73 10.15 a.m. i Alcr and Ifillhouse-7 15 831, 1 14. a 3 22, Suraay s 9 36 2 5 ; 855. a Steps if require°. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 53 23, 710. 9,50 11 57 I 5 20. 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 Is, aMoudays excepted. ) b Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 14, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529, 5 45, 8 35, 957, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23, 8 50. Sundays. 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56,11 50.12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, 6 23, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton- 8 '25. 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays , 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57 p.m. , Car lisle-5 29, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 210, 4 50. Sun- ' days 335 Chester-7 37, 8 17, 95, 10 20, 12 30 a 2 154,20 3 16, 422, , 57, Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 aMonclals excepted. Collins Green-7 5. 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10,12 7,2 35, 3 40, 5 15, , 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 53 23, 7 10. 9 50, 11 57 1 25, 25, . 5 20, 6 22,7 20,11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5.11 35.aMond ays ' excepted. sMondays wily. . Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5- 7, 64, 744, 10 14 ' Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 953, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 4 7 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m . Earlestovi n-5 45, 7 5,35,8 25.925, 10 13,10 20, 11,55 127,12 ' 25 1 55, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5,15 5,20 6,58, 78. 7 40,9 25, 10,30 Sundays, 7 40 8 35,3 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. . Fiddler's Ferry & I'euketh-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 ' 3,20 5 20, 6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 240. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 10 23. 12 25. 220, 3 15, 4 22, 5 7, 6 4 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 4 0 75.80. 59 40, dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdaye only. bSaturdays excepted. , Glasgow-2 37, •5 29, 9 56 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 4 50. ' Golborne-5 45, 7 5.8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 10,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, , 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. , Hough Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15. 40. 60, 75, 80. 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 ...-:, 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted lrlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 935. Latchford-From A,,..ey Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 958, 10 49, 12 36. 114. 338. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45 927. Sundays 800. 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (LA k, N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, as 32, 75, 815, 8 35 25, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25,i2,4J 3.40 5 20, 7 8, 740, 10 30. Sunday 35, bl. 530, 835, 843, 3 28. 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Level Platiorm. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30. 825, 10 9 1153, 1 55. 3 20,5 20,6 17,8 0, 9 -15. Sundays 8 43, 2 40: 850 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57; 8 31, 95, 1024, 120, 13, 18, 2 15, 3 37, 40. 5 55, 75, 80, 69 a4O 10 25 11 39. Sundays 95, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10, 9 18 10 18, 10 43 aSaturdAy a only. bexcept iaturdays. London L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 11 57.'12 0 5 25, 622, 11 34. :..undays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,53.tondays excepted. ablundays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Sundays 11 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lvrnm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36, 1 14, 223 3 38, 4 11, 5 18, 613, 78. a 7 45. 927. Sundays 8 50, 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55, 12 14. 12 25, 1 15, 2 29, 3 32, 4 26, 5 20, 7 17, 88, 9 20. 10 30. Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 6, 7 57, Fzom High Level Platt or m. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, 90, 9 58. 1049, 1 14, 2 22,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 ,55, 92,9 55 10 55 11 6,11 55, 1255, 155, 205. 355. 4b5 555. 6 55 71C, 733, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, 955, Sundays 3 56, 9 47,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 20, 2 555, 5 356.7 20.58aturdays only Moere-7 40,10 20,11 35, 15, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 B.M • Newton-le-Willows-7 S. 1 15,3 32, 356 4 26 5 8, 3 5. a 9 10. 10 20, 10 40, 10 55 12 25, 5 20, 7 17, 9,5 20, 9 20. 10 39, Sunoays 8 43 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0, 9 54a via Kenyon. Padgate-7 0,7 55, 8 2 840, 1028, 11 6 120 1220, 1 40, 350 5 28, 7 10,8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47. 5 15, 935 I'reston-2 67 5 29, 5 45, 8 65, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 210, 3 50 4 50, 628 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 237 843, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20. 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 66, 9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 82 2 15, 2 58, 4 0.5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundays 9 0. 11 25, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted 56aturdays only, cMoadays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46, 10 55 1 55, 3 18. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 6 15. St Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35.925,1010, 10 55. 11 55 12 7. 12 25, 2 35 3 40,6 20,6 33,7 8, Satur. ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30 Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0. 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 322, 4 0,56, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur ays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35.9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850, •3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756, 95 10 5, 11 5,712 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60.75, 80. 9 25, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 9 0,9 36, 2 39, 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays nly. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 240, 80. Wigan- 2 37, 529.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 50, 1225,1 15. 2 10,3 4, 3 50,4 50,5 20.,6 28,7 17,8 50. 9 40,9 55. Sunday,2 37 8 43, 3 35. 6 0. 9 54 . TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Brid2e-6 30. 7 45, 852, 11 2, 120, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20, 8 30. Sundays 7 55, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 26, 12 48, 1 8, 7 18, 824 9 67. Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10 550 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 0 5 50, 7 25. Sundays 3 10, 12 40. 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 27 42, 850 11 48, 1252 45 5 45, 6 50, 510 30 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 blixcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 30, 347, 753 Sundays, 801, 4 47 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,10 35, 1 40, .3 15, 5 23, 835 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 12, 7 35. ' Blackpool (Central) -7 55, 8 25. 10 0, 2 55, 4 10, 4 58, 55, 6 50. 815. 108 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 65, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25. 12 30, 5 55,7 IS, 8 35, 10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42, Sundays 12 5 a.m., 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 101p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 17, 6 50.8 45. 10 10, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 450, 65, 7 30, Sundays 2 17. 9 35, 7 55. 11 5. , Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24, 11 24,' 12, 38 18, 1 38,2 10, 3 10, 4, 1. 5 38,, 623, 6 36, 747. 96, 10 46. Sundays 7 15, 8 11.a.m. Crewe-2 1. 4 65, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25. 250 415, 545 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20, 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43.1 Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 40, 8 12, 935, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 6 34. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25 12 42, 16. 18, 142, 4 13. 3 11, 3 14, 515, 542. 552,630 7 33, 8 8 9 10, 9 20, 12 0. Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 3 45, 724 Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12. 95. 9 43, 12 24, 2 9, 327 5 r, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 42. 257. 82. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 31, 667, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 10 48,111 40 12 0, 14. 2 11, 35, 4 56, 59, 5 55, 657, 144 910 Sundays 823. 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 854. Glasgow-a 9 5, 1010, 20.2 1, 655. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMon day ea cc pted. . Ixolborne-6 445 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15, 9 9. Sundays 9 40, 75. Rough Green-7 45, 815, 99,10 3, 1055, 1.17 1 30. 2.22 3 16, b 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 15. BundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 10 59, 6 53, 8 40, 10 0. Latchford-8 14, 8 40. 9 34, 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45, 213 3 ;0, 4 22, 65 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96' 9, 42.1127, Sundays 8-23 'A 33,7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 65,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 15. 1 30, 310 4 25, 430,5 35,7 5, 8 25,10 5,1/ 15, Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 54 a siondays only. Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 95, 5 0, 233, 1 25, 2 40, 4 20, 5 20, 6_5, 8 30, 10 43, Sundays, 7 35, 2 10, 7 5, 10.45. ' Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7.10, 7 40, 8 43, 9 38, 10 33, 11 20, 11 50, 12 43, 1 55, 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, 536,635,65, 80, 840. 110, Sundays 8 0, 90, 2 30, 2 50, 420,630,833,35,655,95. London (i., k N W)-1u 0, 1210, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 is, 215, 415, 530 Sundays 100, 120, 18 0, 5 30, 120. London (Midland)-5 15, 9010 5,12 0, 20 4 0.5 ,a 9 50 12 0, buniasys 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays . 25. Lyrnm-8 7, 332, 9 '25, 9 54, 11 8, 1 11, at 37. 25, g 10 414,55 33, 5 19, 6 41 7 41,8 58 3 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 7 15. aSaturdays only. baaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & IN.-W.)-7 45, 8 5, 8 25, 9 5, 10 45, 11 15, .245. 15, 1 35, 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 75, 7 10. 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90,6 0. 9 30, 10 40 Saturdays excepted Manchester (Lond.sn-road)-7 25, 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2C, 3 4i), 65 5, 520, 65,75, 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 1 40,6c3h0eBbtSer atu(rudhaeyssheirxe Lines)-6 5, 7 zcl. excepted. rdaye only. Manchester 8 30, a 9 5. 9 30 935.10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30,12 45. 1 3),'2 60,1 30, 430, 448 5 30. 6 ..3u, 6 33, 730 8 33, 10 0, all 30, 11 0. Sun days 8 30,9 10, 925 9 30, 15 40. 1 40, a 5, 35, 820, 9 40. 4 Saturdays,only. bliddlewich-6 48, 2 47, 6 6. Moore-6 56.9 6, 11 14,12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 Newton-6 55. 7 25, 8 42, 9 1.1, 10 9, 11,8 12 28, 1 0,1 28. 155 3, 2's 51, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30, 8 0, 9 10, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 11 5, Sundays 8 33, 9 49, 100, 3 49, 7 20. 11 5, . Padgate 748, 826, 90,106 1 9, 210, 5 18 73, 910 Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. , Preston 29,4 5, 560, 96, 9 3010, 10,11 28, 120, 3,4 20,640 1 8 30, 9 45, 1049. Sundays 2 0:45, 8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47. 2 36. aMondays excepted. Runcorn 839, 9 19 10 15, 1230. 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. Sankey-6 53, 7 511, 8 31, 9 32, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36,, 1 36, , 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 549, , 108 3 40, 37, 9 22. , Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55, 7 50, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. Lt Helens-6 20,5 55, 8 a, 8 26, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 10 125, 1255, 125, 2 35,430, 5 25, 35, Bunoays 0, 90. . Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 30,2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70,8 5, 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 9 30, 9 58, 11 13, 1 is, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, i 4 18. 5 37, 6 3,643, 7 45,9 2, 93?, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 229 7 19. Widnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10. 11 12, 12 25 !.' 1 25, 2 20, 3 34, 4 25, 529 6 12, 7 16, 7 58, 922 11 42, aSun- day s 8 42, 3 33, 5 0. 9 10,9 20. a Saturdays only Widnes (L & .N W)- 7 5 8 66, 9 33 10 33, 12 16, 12 57, 2 2, 3 20, 3 58, 5,0, 5 55, 6 46, 116, Sundays 814,260,752 11 6. Wigan-6 33, 931. 91.6, 100, 11 23, 12 15, 1 45. 4 25, 4 56, 5, 90, 10 30 Sundays 239. 930, 3 25, 655, 11 13.

POSTAL 1., FORMATION rOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DES PATCRES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be pira ecl with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5-0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows b-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, lielsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Beweey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales, and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescct, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londou. S.-Ea.tern. midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ocraskirk, Bath, Bristol Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wzgau Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwich, Nantwich and Saito bach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newcburch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire. and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle ot Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m--Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Haltpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, • South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign uetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m;delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr...holes Jordan Hours of I Week-days., 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m, The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Pon'. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 P.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an.extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary Postage.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Relens, Southport, and S .:h Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, BUD-OFFICES, AND WILL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:—

• ~ '-- . ".i.:_.4,_ i., , ....• EGCS- -\.,,,,,;:-..„ 't. . _.. .._.-., .....1„,....-3,_.-.,..,...„-- ,-, . 'I - : . P.?-:- '—.-.-,--V,,,.----4---X---:'' ' - ' 7,-- - -..- . - - '''-','•V!-- , _if, ,•,..a. ,-',s: ' . '!'•:47..--,.-V, ;,:-"A g , ~----- - --10.. ...IV '7:1:-T-,ii LW .4.'•Gri-irlics. --,1-4-1-__ -,,,-, if--1:•.'-;i.:*r_R--- 7› -6. .'-‘71..-trKi ~. A 7‘----t-_-_:-4-t- -'L,_.'.?-40:7' ,Oi.', ..-.s•••-• - ..;71.7:- • ... ' \l'•' 4.‘ • . Islk ~ . •,-:_=-' ..... ' 4,1 tj," , •,' ,"; •,,,y e * 't,.,, Wl' •:,',1.1. it: .'2O .3--• '' ''' .' • ri. k i: •.'.' .":'4. 1:: ''.',::' 47-t-7. 1 '..., ki.f:: , 4: 4 .... Ai -, .. , •-•",•=4..--,--= AV.P::,. I'V'',Ni.;- '''•'4' .N. 4" '.•-•`,..-, Ftile'''-i''' '44.". ''' i. 1,Y,, .'741 ',•' • ' ,T.lr- , , - .. , •-.- -`.`- , • -•.- .4-tikia *ft „ •:,-.,=',- a. :-!-T-F-'—:;;;'-g.• 148 ‘tte:• --- .i , , •„ ..1 ,;1 " 4 , A-, 4 --r..- !#,ltV,:f4, 1-, , • ,-;.. - .v,..-_. •.,-, liN I tk e a - -.'!; 4-4:4ti, "-ii -1, •-•_ -,- . • I ~-: ,:i SPICE ..,,,e • f;44: .-f.-,1,,..„-- A,-4,..,:i`j:!,:::', -:e.c.,tr -. ~• ~,,. .:-_, ' ~, -• ~ t? i . ~2 7,,',.; , i'.., """;;Itt' :..k=`;',.:%.f!,PA ,:cillth ', . ' ~•-ic.,,—.11.,. -, ~,:, '.-• -,,* s •%.•','.,=',,",,T4k,..,'";:* , ~,„1.,,*„..i: . ,•,..,v,,„'.,; ,t1,i.,„ ,*, ,if,'.,,cl t., e i:,,,,,' I; , .104,11;,, 'I •'; ' 4,-' e ' ''',4' 'f''',;,' %I! , .ip2„w!,..., he t'P, 'imAti1i.,,a6k141,.1.2,!'.a.:, , • - . 1 •

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG wilstrrow: mdclwtith at mchmaarfieonoarmoitshweminse,the,,rhnaepn you press your finger an the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remeales you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- eoloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have etbended various hospitals ad had medical advice, ani oeen told your ease is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOl7. I don't say perhaps; but I mu.. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Bend at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARBINGDON-STREET [AND ON, and you will receive a box of • GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILJ-R which is a eertain remedy for the aura of Bad Legs Heine maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols 3 xe3 Hand P unions. Registered ; Copy! ight.)

rn E GR EAT RtMEDY • io‘'4 Is AI WS GOUT P id Id S FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The exeruciatinft Ihtin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe awl effective. AU ChEvists and Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d per box.

CoP.IO,- '-,,-,v, -' - ,I,7ffkiw Y.4.444..14.0' ,l• ~, . 'At '• V V:4,'&4,V - rti"4"l,st, +l;o,k t . ;" ' 0 t'', '1721 ,) - tpliti " ..J.,:' ;...,,, e 47., , .RTJ, r7;pl' A ..4..„, t...,..4...,- Le, ~, . ii v-Itt i!,41-rt* ~.. 7„,:zi,11411Z-V:44.. •;?,;,. 't :i' HAS STOOD THE TEST of tr! RH Y YEARS. Modern Scientific methods have not dis Covered any remcdy so generally efficacious. The New Treatment if Cat-iv:Tut/5a by Open-Air, Rest, and Overfeedicic, whilst useful in is cases, does not alone meet the condition of the majority of patients. Ytledicine. is rie.quiroki to check the spread of tubercular bacilli, to relieve dist,ssing symptoms, and to aid the healing processes in the luntzs. C 03 li G Ft El E ' S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been abundantly proved to produce these 'effects when regularly and perseveringly taken. , FOIL ASTHMA, in several larieties: BRONCHITIS, especially in the chronic form: COUGHS, and eamaian COLDS, I: SC CONGREVr:'S ELIMR: Sold by all Chemists ct Patent Medicine Vendors. NOTE. The numerous components of this medicine have never been discovered by chemical analysis. Do not be misled by certain false analyses of the Elixir that have been published by critics. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post free for One Shilling. Smaller Edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Pecicbam, London, S.E.

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain likg, a strong cup of SYMLNGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. ID bottles from all Grocers. 82

TThe B—est in—th-TW—orlic— Darjeeliqg Tea. Nt yuor Pure eßs i,imilss 10(9 . Deleterious e t3eil i t 53,11; 1 - Admix- tures. sr il xb -. In 1,5,10 & 20 lb boxes or shests. A TRIAL of this PURE TEA, will satisfy anyone of its perfection. Pure Darin • i;„, The Darjeeling Pure Tea Co., illi6e li, Coleman-st., London. E.O

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

T ' sowLElrEtwookpit..),,,s, . . ~-.. , ASTEELAA. „ , ~, ~,i , .',.., :•,'„:,*0*?..,:*k.,44.:44-....t.,-; ~- ~,,,,,,, ~..„ ."---

QtllOBllY COMECT ALL Thatriattrarirms, REUOVZ ALL— OBSTR ' UCTIONS and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent wit. the sex. & 219 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO \ VLE Ehuiufactitrers, Dryden St., Nottingham. • Renwro of Imita,tions. injnriont and ?rorlh'Prg.

FOR THE BLOOD r_S THE LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-Fikm ED . BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS ON TESTIMONIALS. 'We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to tight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin sad Bloor Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary ;,llons. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheums lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and tomes. Thousands of Testimonials. In betties 2s. 9d. and us, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRU COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthlesina tail one G

'7 ~‘ ev R x. ;04.. % ~.., 57. .4, '', 75 Eh '4•71 il t, •glr tm -... 7f, y. , 1 ~,, sv, . ~ _ 6'. , ,ir • ,:' il; '' Z?:- ~- ‘tl h,. -. 1- vi;. tt ,1, 2,7 .'' % .;.,,y, ~, • ..; ,1 it 4.7 ~,i. , - CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, 1 i Coughs, GoiLs Sore Thtfoat , .. L, , . CHAPPED }Le.rillS, CM:LBLAINS, SCURVY, ito. IT IS INVALUABLE IN 'HIE TREATMENT OF _ Stifir Jots, Sporabin.s,, 137.2.10rt5, Scalass ad EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Asnuractured only at 78, New Oxfcrd Street, London, and SOld by all Chonlists and Medlelne Venda*

T. CLARKE. " FXANIINEIi" OFFICIL 335 MARKET Sr., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSACI-liNT, Ac., AC. LADIES SATCHELS. PURSES, and a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in. Stack. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND CIBNBRAr, ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

WAzTHD, a good BLA.CK i ITEr, used to stem* hain- mar. Adeaess stating age, wages, and where previously employed. Box 125. " Ex/MILNER OFFICE, Warring.nn.

Hall Nook, Penketb, Warriatton, ME. AND MRS. GARNETT AND FAMILY find it impossible to reply personally to all enquirers, take this opportunity of THANKING THEIR MAN FRIENDS for EXPRESSIONS of SYMPATHY during M Garnett's recent illness. Oatober 27th, 1839.

- BRADLEY, PARR AND CO., 68, HANOVER-STREET, 2 DOORS FROIIL BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKERS, GILDERS, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, U. GLACIER IMITATIONS OF STAINED GLASS.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETHEach patient infworemr:dreqb:rie•edhlnd the cost . TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Exora:iitornouass tlixteerto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER-- —....-46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS ......GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN 7, BRI DGE-STREET SDAY. 2 p.m. WARE ING TON ..... 3A, SANKEY-STREET W.EDNE;:.'D Y, 2 to 5. RUNCORN THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH W .- 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET, PR !DAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGE. PEERS —L EWlS—October 14th, at the Parish Church, War- rington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, Thomas William Peers to Mary Lewis. DEATHS. RAVENSCRoFT—October 10th, at Eldon-street, Warrington, Thomas Stanley Ravenscroft, aged 10 years. WILLIAMS—October 13th, at Foundry-street, Warrington, Albert Samuel Williams, aged 4 years. TAYLoR —October 15th, at Ellis-street, Warrington, Sarah Ann Taylor, aged 41 years. MALE—October 14th, at Catherine-street, Warrington, Email% Male, aged 59 years. FLANNERY—October 14tis, at Forster-street, Warrington, Anthony Flannery, aged 58 years.

lARS GREEN. Warrington, Opposite Arpley Statio Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. W ARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, AUBLE MASONS, &C„ Mak of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments. Tombs, lablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, mit:Acne. Designs and Estimates Free. LET EECUTTING-, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
