===== 0002601_18990818_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CASH OR CREDIT

DELIVERED FREE FOR 15 MILES. 39, AND 411 MERSEY STREET.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER,

LOCOMOTIVES -ACT, 1898. NOTICE i 3 Hereby Given, that the Cheshire County Council intend, at the expiration of one calendar N(7,11,th frcan the date of the first publication of this cf,"lce, to apply to the Local Government Board for the Rtitifirmatiou of certain BYELAWS made by them (put- t to Section 6 of the Locomotives Act, 1893) at a 'eting of the Council, held at Chester Castle, on Thurs- -43', the 3rd day of August, 1899. a 4ND NOTICE IS HEREBY FURTHER GIVEN, that cle'Py of such Byelaws will be kept at the Office at "ter of e ir "d u dersied the Clerk to such Council, t f)f he same can be inspected by any of the Ratepayers nede County, without fee or reward, any day during hours for one calendar month from the date of the publicatiol of this Notice. NO fICE IS HEREBY ALSO FURTHER tho that copies of ti,e said Byelaw, or any part 11a-treOf, may be obtained at the aforesaid Office, by any tv °Payer of the County, on rament of Sixpence for hPtY hundred words contained in such copy. 'ated this 4th day of August, 1899. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council, C4)Uticil Offices, Northgate-street, Chester.

No. 1062.

JOHN WTALKER AND Cu., Hsi, an established reputation for giving careful and Prompt Attention to the wants ot all Customers ; and its facilities for the production of Good work of evcry kind—frem the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of busin se men. They find it doesn't pay to leave it— even at " the lowest tender."

===== 0002601_18990818_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
~, • , . • - . .. ~ , - I .. 44.---', , .- . . . . iiW • i , , 1' 7 . SPRING CLEANING. . , , . . - 4 , A 4 A , HAVE YOUR WINDOWS CLEANED . 7 , • AND OUT-BUILDINGS LIKE WASHED ~, . 0 ..N. .... -.._ ORS:TARRED] 13iitTlIE WARRINGTON . ... . kip-, , :i - \ II ( i I -. I . ,of WINDOW•CLEANING Car , .59,MBUTTERMARKET-STR BET. , ,•i • . I No.- ni N 1.....\--..,,-,. , _ ~, ~

FEUEllilt, AUGUST 18, 1899.

ACCOUN T BOOBS RULED, PRINTED and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, BBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER 410 EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STREET,

WARRINGTON. h

BY Posr-t Is' 7%d. per Quarter, 6ri s. &pe:anial m is gd. per Quarter credit

CHAS. W. BUTLIN & SON, PADGATE NURSERIES AND POULTRY-FARM Near Warrington. UNURSERYMEN, FLORISTS & SEEDSMEN., 7=--. 110,000 BEDDING PLANTS FOR SALE. wy,a,lo. MARKET: WARRINGTON, EARLESTOWN, Vv lAN. STOCKION HEATH : MONDAY A

Inspection et Nurftesies nyPted

WBZUNDKRTAKR ALL RISKS

TROSTWORTRYWIEN ONLY EMPLOYSID.

-11.1

===== 0002601_18990818_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
lISTIMATBS FEB.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary bat may b arranged TEETH All oonsultatlons free. TEETH. Bach pa went informed beforehand the 00IG for work required. TRETH. sold and other fillings at moderate charges.

TEETH. _ As M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the sict of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH.

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Brors. of the late

J. H P (D• EinisT .AR ir BIrAIiINS ON m.) MANCHESTER.- a.„..ep..1-1.0 . ;;; 6) -14666 MOSLEY-STREET

BOLD-STREET LIVERP 00L._ ._ (Teie—pil7); .i ).g)5,

ST. HELENS —...—.—._—...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

RARLESTOWN .- - ._....-._ 7, f RIDGE-STREEr TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON • ANKEY-STREET.

WZDNESDAY, 2 ;o 5.

BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH-....-18, A.PPLEMARIEET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EDD.ES DANDELION COFFEE

G

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, Ia Canister bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. EIHEIDES AND SON. WARRINGTON RSTABLIHBD 1833

LONG WORTH PAPER MERC H.ANT. I BUTTER PAPER, 11s 64 cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE ~ us „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE on PINK „ 12.64, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 74 ;16 by 24, 1014 ; 19 by 29 ls 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. is, 4 on. Is 2d per 1060. 5000 1 SIZE id per 1000 less. ENVELOPES, 1s 6d 1000, NOTE PAPER,4Iper pound. CARRIAGE PAID, 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

UMBRELLAS I UMBRELLAS I I THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE POE PRESENTS.

LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS URI3IIIiLLAS IND SUNSHADES nacovERED IN 8/14 AN HMI FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, DIANCHESTER.

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING -I.: TACKLB.-100 Worms in Beg and Moss. sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flied, Is to Is fidi per dozen; gut thists,three yards,4d, 4d, 6d, and 91 each ; aut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for id; porcupines, id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d. and Is per box.

WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olsle Fishing Tackle Shohpe).

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER OF

===== 0002601_18990818_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
UNRIVALLED KILLER OF

UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins 3d.' ed., and ls. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, .ti UGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

A DELICIOUS EFFERVESCING

DRINK! MAKES YOU FREI, BETTER WHILE YOU DRINK IT.

SAFE. SIMPLE, GOOD AND CHEAP. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU THIRSTY? .TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU FEVERISH ? TRY WILLS' RYGEIA SALT

ARB YOU BILIOUS? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

WILLS' IIYGEIA SALT

QUENCHES THIRST. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT CLEANSES TOE STOMACH. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT CLEARS THE TONGUE. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT PURIFIES THE BLOOD. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

REGULATES THE SYSTEM. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT RENDERS MEDICINE UNNECESSARY. 6D. AND is. PER TIN.

The Following testimonial has been received from Mr. Blakeley, Professor of Music, of Hulme, Man- chester, with regard to Wills' Hygeia Salt : "I find the Salt to be all the proprietors claim for it and it has proved most beneficial in my case. A bet- ter aperient I never had. I have tried various other things, all of them griping me, till I tried WILLS' HYG'SIA SALT, which never causes me the slightest discomfort. After using it I feel better invigorated, and can recommend it to any who find a safe and pleasant aperient desirable. 1 shall always keep le by me, and will certainly give it my beet recom- mendations."

SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS : BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. WHO SELL AT THE REDUCED PRICES OF SD. &„ SAD.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINC}TON.

S PECIALIT ENVEIOPES

2s. 11000.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

T. CLARKE. "EXAMINER ' OFFICE, 33 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWIS STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. &c., ac. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, _ - -

d a Good Variety of other Articles ueVul and ornamental always in Stock. driENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAI

ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

SUFFEIUNG from Ner—OUS and Physical Debility should aend for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may he successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Ben ealed, post free. Address—

B. NOilTO2l, 69, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O lidobliebed 3011(sers4 all

===== 0002601_18990818_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•••

===== 0002601_18990818_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USH MaDOUGAL PATENT SELF RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST

===== 0002601_18990818_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAR NELL/B, The seaside requires a nautical dress to corres- pond with the surroundings, and all kinds of taste- ful designs are being made up for the purpose. The best costume is that of taut and trim aspect and the general appropriateness of her attire to the nautical occasion. Serge is, by virtue of its pre- eminent suitability to the circumstances, the material most in vogue. This year a combination of serge and taffetas .is much to the fore, and is employed as bands, trimmings, revecs, and waist- coats. Fashion never gets far from the sailor collar, shirt, and tie, and anyone wearing thesc will not be far wroug. Avoid useless fripperies and materials that spoil with contact with sea air and water.. A train, I may obnpve, on a yachting dress is an anomaly; let the 'shirt touch the deck all round, but hwe nothing that serves the double purpDse of a deck mop and a snare for the unwary to trip up in. Yachting skirts should Ise suffici- ently heavy to hang solidly. If you follow cut these directions you can rely upou a sensible gar- ment.

'ompons, thoge fluffy white haile are ma!zing

~eir way to the fr..‘tit, and sery t vary useful de for summer wear. -frats of silk, muslin, and n hav, ben a good deal in evidence lately. They are p'ettiresqua and light wear, hut inclinca to tiiik that' they Ina only tiito.Lio for youLhful wearers. They should certainly never be worn with a veil, whicli spoils the effect of all fancy or artistic hats. They Must thua be limited to oc.mmions, as veils so desirable for practical wear to keep the cotrfare in order, for nothing looks worse, oz: such bad form, now, as an unkempt dishevelled head of hair.

I am rather inc:incil to think that coats and skirts are still the favourite wear foc the seaside. They have now boon with iv, now for some time and I think they will stay evun some time longer. They are made in all shapes, but I fancy the square-cut ones. A good stock of shirts is, there- fore, necessary, and nothing is so nice as a soft silk; it does not crush, and when the coat is removed the shirt is guiltless of creasings. Fine flannel is an excellent material, and can now be had in the most delicate colourings and designs. If you prefer a cotton shirt select one of good batiste, as it is less likely to be crushed than zephyr, or piqué.

I saw yesterday such a nice gown of pale dove. grey cashmere, with trimmings of cream guipure lace insertions, worn over an under-bodice and sleeves of white sills, horizontally piped from top to bottom. The bodice, both under and over, was slightly pouched. The skirt had two rows of the cream guipure running down each of the two front seams of tne skirt as now cut, and was fastened by an opening at the top of the left-hand one, con- cealed by the lace, thus leavin; the quite plain back—guiltless of placket-hole—de-,ired now by the ultra-fashionable.

If you are thinking of bathing at the seaside I must remind you that the fashionable variety fastens down the back, and you must have someone to put it on and take it off. Iliaok silk stockings and white shoes are worn with smart bathing costumes. Orange and grey form the colouring of the calas devised for decided brunettozi and bright green or a turquoise blue, blended with a pale sepia tint, characteirses tae 9aps intended for blondes. SO'll,J very caciaevtteirsll firmly ladies tohavteneiar " bithing triage" attaehel y caps. o:nora nave the hied ou'Aineseoucealed by means of a coioure I handkerchief twisted, t'..rban- fashion, round the edge, and tied in two "dogs' ears" that stand erect above the forehead. Many of the bathing dresses are of serge chiefly white. Aoout tFii p trt of the year is the time to turn out wardrobes and chests of drawers. The plague of moths which Feerns to have made havoc with one's clothes this seaion demands that we should indulge in this pi.stim) now and again. Some of our gar wants can be ranovated and made fashion- able. I have a tailor•in Ile blue :serge suit. The coat is of reefer shape with square revers of velvet braided at the edges. It is stiil a neat, stylish little garment, but the skirt is dreadful—far too short :or the present and altogether the wrong shape. It is a wide skirt, and I shall have it re- modelled. The rkirt hal been let down and the cut place covered with braid. This I offer to you as an example for all serge or cloth suits which want remodelling.

Your loving JENNIE.

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

Pill. r Dose. ,1 Price. ty in ai : vVege- cable.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all Ivho inie daily on tho tooth Dru,li a Lw drops ot sOZODONT

pleasantest dentifrice world.

Cure - ,rpid Liver, Bile, fiallow Complexion, and Sek Headaelv.:s promptly: anti eure them so as to st„y Cla:nuids, Is. 134-

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing. else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragra Lit oreath eusurod. "ilk tor BOZO/DONT. 28. Ile

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Since the Queen studied the fashions many years te.avo pivsed. So long as new garments are made precisely and exactly on the lines of old ones, Her Majesty never troubles herself about clothes. In bonnets only has she allowed the slieht-st deviation from the beaten track, and this state of affairs is mainly owing to the Princess of Wales. She it was who persuaded Her Majesty to allow the graceful tuft of white feathers to appear in her headgear, and the various other touches of white in her toilette, which prove SD becoming to the Sovereign. Th" Princess of Wales, and the other hand, is most particular that her clothes shall be irreproachable both in cut and style. The fit of a gown must be absolut-ly perfect, and no alteration in a bodice is ever permitted. That Her Royal Highness is difficult to please in this particular matter is an undeniable fact. Few things rale the Princess's generally placid temper but an ill- fitting grown will accomplish this underairable end in an amazingly short space of time. In an apartment set aside for the purpose, at Sand- ringham, the Princess of Wales has had preserved a specimen of each variety of headgear indulged in by Her Royal Highness since her arrival in this country. The collection however, is not so extensive as cne might imagine. For years the Princess patronised the small, neat bonnet which bears her name, and for some time past now, the little tcque has reigned supreme in her affections.

Among Society women, Lady Algernon Gordon-Len- nox stands an asy first, in the matter of clothes an how to wear them. She is never seen in an unbecoming w.vvti, and she is always irreproachably " fini,hed off." Lady Foe Sturt has also a good reputat'on for good dressing, and Madame Van Andre—the beautiful American—is also an exquisite dresser. Few not in the swim, can realise what it means to be a leader of fashion. Unlimited funds—or ore.ait, and as much anxie,y acf the Government of an Empire involves. For one unbecoming toilette or ill-arranged head of hair, is almost enough to ruin the reputation of a Scciety leader.

There is no such thing as living within one's income. The prevailing method secms to ea to overstep the mark more or less considerably, and when the cresti comes, as it does to so many nowadays, the hollowness of society at length makes itself apparent to the victims. Friends are not gained by display and extravagant living. Such a life only surrounds us with social butterflies ho vanish at the faintest sign of storm. In olded days, many of the titles to books, partook more of the nature of an advertisement or prospectus than a title proper, but we have changed all that, and, short catchy titles are the great aim among writers now-a-days. They realise and rightly that an unattrac- tive name may kill the chances of a really good work and further that a good selling title may do wonders for an inferior publication. That the present day titles however, are, many of them, misleading, is a fact well known to all. Vi ho has not, at one time or another, ordered or chosen a book under the impression that it dealt with the subject its title indicated ? In a Londen library the other day, I witnessed a curious little sceee of this description. A girl, bluestocking unmistakable, walked up to an assistant and asked for "Moths." Tbe book was handed to her,when she opened it eagerly, ex- pecting of course, to find profuse illustrationseand much learned information. The air of disgust with which she returned it when she rea:ised that "Moths" was a novel only, was comical in the extreme, but I could but sym- pathise w it'a her in her disappointment. A good title should besides being attractive, be descriptive of the work it labels, although some allusiveness or double meaning may add to its charm. Fashions just now are at a standstill. Nothing new is to be seen, and mediates are resting for a brief span. Little has transpired so far, as to autumn fashions, but we may rest assured that plain skirts of more generous proportions about the hips, will prevail, and Ghat coats of the newest and closest build, will be the favourite coveting. Frills, flounces, tunics etc., are fast dis- appearing, but skirts are still worn as long for walking, as for the house. Those of us who value our health will do well to set our faces against the dirty, untidy, and unwholesome mode. _ _ _

The present fashion of twining the hair round the Wick of the bead rather fiat, and pinned well in to define the outline of the head, is, generally speaking, a becoming one, and to the girl who cycles it is a boon, for it per- mits of an elastic to held on her hat, which good old- fashioned manner of fixing, all the patent arrangements or hat pins in Christendom have not been able to beat. some of our leading milliners are furnishing their cycling headgear with brown and fawn elastic, and endeavour to match toe colour of their customers hair, as far as possible. " MADGE."

404,0010frinv, 411101111 t? -7\ - 0 0 \ At' CH Cl' • . 1111tMl;!11,:.!Illial 1 11 ft th

coration chitE)

fig,i7/'',,,;•-E.t, 6-7 .tk4,11.77 W ) r, . y A,‘. •.,../-4.,,,,,,,0,-,--'4V14.1.> '/',-. -' • • ' ./: a. 4,,,, ':- 1,;€130 •, ,f ;-•,--7/-•;",:..) , ~-•-'- - ;:•„' .4 , 1e.., 4,.; - -:, -, • .'",,,,c'A';,,:c.:: '-fs g \:.-= • • i % ..,,,,.: / i /7 ,0ji1e!',1,14,,',?,k, , f ,:-, • /;,;.1%,/. ,i/ •2•!?1,,::;;;(./f if,•::, ~:-:- .././." ; ---- , L ~., --= - - -- .- 4. •• ' -e- ~,/, • ` -.:-..._ ,',•‘ :•:.- c. • • - ..„, - ~.._,

.7, ,;-, .. : ,)_,_ ~ _ , -- r i --• -4111.• -,--il '414.6.114" , 1/4.4 ~imi • i 1 . i :4:;,,,Nr. ;:. - `, -,•' , • 'l/1 ~,,,r,, - ~.- i, L,, \ . ; „,... , .._.... i i '.. / ' it , . •• f i , / r'' ///' •I':' . i ~ , 4,, . 'i' i. ',, '' / - iii i fl 'll/ I v, , ///// .•i# ; i; ; 1 / fliii ..,,_,‘,..„...2.• 1 ___:y .! 4/ ,;i / ____ -, , , fl/ t' , (~i/ i //I/4,4 i,,, / ',,1 1/1/411/ 'll /, ! i 111, .1 ' ..! _ A A.

LIVER sr, 40,cARTEss sm.,. tI ..,, ITTLE Fort' 4,17,A1 VER ; 44) . VIL ;--szu ;1S

.1.64%

===== 0002601_18990818_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NATIONAL BURNS MEMORIAL AT

MAUCHLINE.

Readers of " Quilp N's" article in our issue of last week entitled" A Visit to the Land o' Cakes" will probably recollect that reference was made to the memodul which has been erected at lifauchline in hcnour of the genius of Burnes. The treasurer has this week forwarded us the following outburst in verse : Sir,— A last appeal we mak' tae ye ; Gie this a place whare a' may see How still we're short by hundreds three 0' thousands five, The sum we thccht wad needed be Mak' oor scheme thrive. It's owre four rare sin' we began To set oor brains weep an' plan Enthusiasm's Mine how best to fan Far an' pear baith, When time a hundred years wad span Frae Robin's death.

WQ mind't h.w thcre on Mauehline Green Burns first beh Id his Bonnie Jean, An' at losgiel wi' gentle mien

Dd Coila's.-Muse Crown him the Bard o'Scotia, e'en

Her art infuse. Statues o'the Bard the wand o'er There are we're sure at !east a score ; Nae need we thocht there waa fr,r more, Sae plann'd a tower

For relics, homes fcr auld folks poor, An' begged for power. At first we had a fairish start, By tryin' every wile and art Our brain could frame, to reach ilk heart An' draw out cash; But stale our trials came fee smart,

Wi' muekle fah. The "Indian Famine Fund " cam' round To gie to which a' folk were bound; An' Abdul-Bainid, d--d vile hound, Armenians slew, For help bis victims had good ground,

An' gat it too. - Our wild Queen's Diamond Jubilee Next brocht a scheme for i!lc bawbee That could be spared, an' bond or free

Had each their need—

Infirmaries, lifeboats, land and sea, Some special plead. Now they're a' past, an' we hae here Guid crops, guid trade, an' little fear 0' strikes, " lockouts," this present year ; Then gle's a hand. An' help us weel our feet to clear, Is our demand.

An' ye wha help for Robin's sake, Gar tottering age mair comfort take, Gie poortith cauld an unco shake, Gainsay't ye' fear , Where Rob's ye'll muckle pleasure make, Cause joyfu' tear. Thomas Kirmur, Hon. Treasurer. 168, West George-street, Glasgow.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTRY CHURCI.

When smiles the morn that Gad hath blest With light and joy serene; How loves the quiet eye to rest On some familiar scene. The little church on yonder hill More sacred then appears; A refuge for the weary still, Amidst life's toils and tears. Our fathers, by devotion moved, For God that temple made : And in iti courts, se much beloved, Their solemn vows were paid. But now beneath its shadow lone Their graves lie side by side : Some with, and some without, a stone To tell us when they died. The hand cf time all gently falls On that dear house of prayer: The ivy still festeons its walls, And sparrows.chirrup there. And still as holy days come round, Fresh blessings to unfold; The lowly in its pews are found, As in the days of old. There poor and rich in common meet, Their end and hopes the same ; And gath'ring round the Mercy seat, They feel devotion's flame. One spirit fills the pious throng, And moulds their simple prayers : One joy pervades their swelling song, One hope of glory theirs. Thus in their fathers' steps they tread And feel the bliss they knew : Still en-gard by the Spirit led, " To bhate their glory too. Long may that hallow'd fane display The light that points on high To guide men in the narrow way, And cheer them when they die. Warrington. J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
pERL 5..; ss

po HI:, G

PASTE.

THE BEST METAL POLISH.

BRIDLE & Co., SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899

(Copyright.) THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.

BY HUME NISBET,

Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Hunting for Gold, "The Swampers," &c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Sir Lewis Eastlake, twenty-four years of age, is intro- duced to the reader, as he is "going the pace," at a London gambling club. There, in company with a friend, Captain Eric St. Arnoul, he gets into an altercation, which results in a duel, at Cherbourg. His opponent is killed in this. He has a strong sentimental friendship with the Duchess of Valerie, at Genoa, a widow lady, in the prime of her beauty, who, in affection for him, backs the financier, who lends him money. Captain St. Arnoul, his com- panion, who is a cousin of the Duchess, informs her that Sir Lewis had been injured in the duel, and, in view of the other man's death, it is thought prudent he should be removed from Cherbourg. The Duchess hears, that he is in charge of a Cherbourg doctor, who is an old friend, and his sister, who is a nurse. She fears that he may be arrested, and arranges with the Captain for him to be taken by the nurse to her seat at Falaise, and she follows on afterwards. The Duchess finds, to her regret. on her arrival at Falaise, that the nurse "Hope" is young and good-looking, and a friend of Sir Lewis irom childhood. After Hope has left he tells the Duchess that he and Hope had been engaged for years, and that before the duel they were married privately. Sir Lewis Eastlake goes out to Klondike, and is followed by a man who calls himself Bill Sykes, and appears to be acting under instructions. Hope Ea,stlake's brother dies in Cherbourg, and she finds herself moneyless and alone. A letter which she writes to her husband never reaches him, but is sent to the Duchess Valerie, who keeps it.

CHAPTER XI.

HOPE LEAVES THE HOUSE OF MRS. SOLOMON DAVIS.

How wearily the months passed in that stuffy and cramped back room! There were only those uni- form bricks and windows to look at from the window of Hope Eastlake, with occasionally a discontented face peering down coldly upon her. She saw the same faces day after day, or possibly now and again a new face after the same cold and colourless pattern. None of the faces ever smiled, as they looked forth from those white-curtained windows. She saw them in the early morning, and at all times of the forenoon, raise their blinds and look out with sullen brows. They were then dis- hevelled, pasty-visaged and sodden women, and dirty-looking, ghastly men. She had no oppor- tunity of seeing how these faces appeared later on in the day, being located at the back regions. Hope often speculated wonderingly in her mind how these men and women managed to exist. They appeared so much alike in their unkempt condi- tion that she thought they must all belong to one trade or profession; also, that the business did not make them happy or sociable. Hope had yet to learn that the expression which she saw on the morning faces of those Brixtonians was the habi- tual expression of London people when they are looking out of windows on their neighbours, and across the space of a 'bus or train. This universal expression freezes the heart of country-bred strangers when they first come to London. They attempt to smile, look cheerful, and even to break the grim spell of speechlessness that hangs about, but no responsive smile answers theirs. A stony glare rewards their bravery and they are crushed. By-and-bye they grow used to this protective hedge of reserve, and become grim- mouthed and wall-eyed, like their neighbours. Then their city education is complete. They take their place in the ranks of voiceless spectres and smile no more. Once the habit is lost it can no more be recovered than can innocence. When these city spectres stretch their lips it is only to grin in a skin-cracking fashion over some stupidity or folly in those about them. When they try to laugh it is a mirthless and artificial cachinnation. They can grin, chuckle, or cackle, but they cannot smile or laugh in large cities. Hope Eastlake felt the utter dreariness and isolation of her position very acutely during the first months of her sojourn in Brixton. In the house there were ever al lodgers; how many she never found out, as she seldom encountered any of them; and when she did, beyond an abrupt "Good morning," or "Good evening," none of them invited further intimacy. The landlady and her husband occupied a double room on the ground floor, and appeared to have a considerable number of visitors of both sexes. These visitors entered and left at all hours of the day and night, gliding in and out in a most dis- creet and silent manner. There were no children in the house. On the second-floor a young couple occupied the front room, while the other two bed- rooms were let to two ladies. Members of the dramatic profession, Mrs. Davis told Hope they were, which accounted for the gorgeous manner in which they dressed when they went forth in the evenings. Hope lived in the upper flat, where the servant also slept, in a little box-room, while the front room was reserved for casual lodgers, strangers who seldom stayed longer than a night at a time. It was a shabby house, both outside and in, and not too cleanly kept. Mr. and Mrs. Solomon Davies might have been lodgers also, for, beyond collecting the rent each Monday, they did not interfere with the other residents. The paint on the doors and skirtings was dingy, dry and worn. The wall-papers also shewed years of wear, and the oilcloths on lobbies and stairs were frayed and a mass of patches. Outside, the railing and gate were rusty, while the paint on windows and front door had been sun-baked almost to powder. Hope always knew her own lodgings without looking at the number, for it was one of the most neglected in the street. -

She made no acquaintances during these months. The shopkeepers who served her treated her with the cold contempt that her small orders seemed to deserve in their estimation. She went to church regularly morning and evening, but no one took any notice of her, and when the curate learnt where she lived he looked very coldly upon her afterwards, nor did he call upon her.

, Acting upon the advice of her supposed friend— Mr. Stephen Belwood—she waited on him to find her employment; yet while she waited she invested a portion of her money in a typewriter and occu- pied herself by learning to use it. He seemed delighted when she shewed him the machine, and informed her that it was a good investment. Mr. Stephen Belwood called upon her pretty frequently during the first few weeks of her sojourn in Brixton. He cheered her up by saying that she must not be anxious at no news coming -of; from America, the distance being so great and postal arrangements not being in force yet in those regions. This comforted her greatly for a time. After, however, the money-lender had secured that cheque his visits became rarer, until they finally ceased. Yet he did not neglect her altogether, for he wrote several times, and sent one of his confidential clerks out to see how she was getting along. Hope felt grateful for these attentions, even if she did not like the messenger. He was a different man from his master, handsomer a good deal, but much too bold and familiar to please Hope. This young man lived in Clapham, and it seemed her fate to meet him often in the streets when she was out walking. On these occasions he presumed to accost her and walk with her, much to her annoyance. Yet she was too gentle and shy by nature to treat him as he deserved, nor did he give her any definite excuse for cutting him.

Hope held up bravely until the summer was far advanced, thinking each week would bring her a letter from her husband. She had mastered the mysteries of the type machine and inserted adver- tisements for work in the papers, but as yet no commissions had come in.

She dared not give way to despair with that trial before her. The self-confident clerk told her not to be in any hurry, that things would be all right. People were mostly out of town during the summer, but when they returned she would be sure le get employment. Once, and once only, Walter Gordon, the confi- dential clerk, was received by Hope Eastlake with hearty welcome. He brought her a half-sheet, which had been enclosed to the money-lender.. There were characteristics about this letter which would have raised instant suspicions in the mind of an expert as to its genuineness. Hope was not an expert, however, and never doubted. It was written with a pencil on a leaf torn from his pocket-book, and conveyed a very brief message that her husband, the writer, was well, but that he had lost his stock of paper and envelopes, and could get none in Dawson City. "The business communication that came to the

governor did not amount to any more than to tell us that on: claims were all right," said the clerk "They were wrapped in newspaper, with the address, as you see, at the foot of each. Our agent at Wrangel forwarded them on in one envelope." Hope was satisfied, and lived on that forged scrap for months afterwards; indeed, it kept. her alive until her baby was born. In the month of October her infant son came to give her a new interest in life. It seemed also to have brought with it the promise of good luck. The doctor who attended her was a sympathetic as well as a sensible and clever man. Before she was better he had gleaned from her what her cir- cumstances were, also as much of her story as she cared to tell any stranger. He proved himself to be a good man, by advising her to quit her present lodgings as soon as she was able to move. Ile did not tell her why she should do this, or, rather, he told her that it was a badly drained street, and promised to look out a more healthy locality for her. He did more than this, for without promising her anything he resolved to give her a trial as a nurse as soon as she was able and he had the opportunity of finding her a good patient. The woman she had to wait upon her during her illness was a creature recommended by Mrs. Solomon Davis—a veritable hag of the Sarah Gamp order, who. in two weeks, wasted what might have kept her for months. So completely did this beldame demoralise the order and. economy of her life and pollute the apartment, that she left Hope with but one desire, which was to clear out as rapidly as she coted. Mrs. Solomon Davis displayed the ugly side to her character when she heard that her lodger intended to leave. She made a vulgar outcry about the extra trouble she had been put to with the doctor and nurse being in the house, and, to the horror of Hope, she made use of some very objectionable language. Next morning, however, after a talk with Mr. Solomon, she altered her hostile attitude and apologised for her rudeness the night before. , "You see, my dear, it appeared like a reflection on my good name, you going off like this, so soon after baby was born. I hope no one has been trying to prejudice you against me, or say that we ain't respectable here ? " Hope eagerly assured her that it was only on the score of health she was going, that the doctor had advised more open space. "Ah, yes. I guessed it was that doctor, but don't you believe him. This is as healthy a house as any in or about Brixton, and a deal more respectable than many." Mrs. Davis made a great point about her re- spectability, which, by the way, Hope had never thought of doubting. Seeing, however, that Hope was firm on the point of moving, she yielded with a fairly good grace. "You won't forsake us altogether, will you ? " she said with a hypocritical, fawning air. "You'll bring down the sweet baby-boy, and have a cup of tea with us of a Sunday now and then, won't you now, my dear? Promise me you will, now, and I'll try to bear the sorrow of parting with you. You've been here so long now that I have grown as fond of you as if you was a sister." Hope, in her eager desire to part friendly, gave the desired promise, and also, so that letters might be forwarded, her new address.

The good doctor was as prompt with his assist- ance as Mr. Stephen Belwood had been dilatory and insincere. He found for her a tidy apartment, to suit her means, in one of the old-fashioned streets of quaint Clapham, not yet demolished by the building fiend. Its days were numbered, how- ever, as the lease had only a year or so to expire. Mrs. Hambly was a hard-working, honest widow, who carried on the business of a laundry in this ancient cottage. She had been brought to it a bride by her husband, who had keen born and died in it. Her pleasures and her sorrows had all been found within that porch-protected, vine-covered front .door. Her children had been courted here and gone out to take the responsibilities of life on their shoulders, with fond recollections of the "old house." \Alien the County Council would remove it, as they were bound to do—for undoubtedly it was greatly in the way of modern advance—they would inflict a sorrow on the Widow Hambly next to the sorrow she had felt when her husband had been removed.

There was a long garden to the back, which con- tributed not a little to the support of Mrs. Hambly. Here she cultivated almost as many vegetables sts she required. Her fowls also added to her income considerably. The doctor knew this humble cottage would please his patient better than a more ambitious modern apartment. The room the Widow Hambly assigned to Hope faced the south-west, and with the old vine clambering over the sides of the window appeared almost rural. The furniture was aged like the vine, and only one of the chairs was absolutely trustworthy; but it felt like a home. Mrs. Hambly was old-fashioned and motherly, not a harpy look- ing out for victims. Dr. Aimhurst was a big, burly man, homely in his ways, up to date in his profession, and possess- ing a heart of gold. • The poor worshipped him and the wealthy patients trusted him utterly. He debated in his mind whether he should give Hope a hint as to the character of the house she had quitted, in time, he trusted, for her fair fame. It was a delicate subject to speak about to a poor and ignorant lady. To tell her that she had been living under the roof of a person as notorious as Mrs. Solomon Davis proved a task too great for his moral courage. A doctor is like a priest in some respects. There are secrets which he must not reveal.

He contented himself, therefore, with telling her that the street she had left was a most unwholesome one, and that she ought not, for the sake of her health, to go near it again. He told her also not to mention where she had been living last to her new landlady or anyone. Hope, all unsuspiciously, promised to act accord- ing to his advice. She did not like concealments of any kind, but she felt that her kind friend Dr. Aimhurst must have the best of reasons for asking her to keep this a secret.

and him a Canadian, so that they tan an active and kindly interest in whomever lives under the protection of the Union Jack. The cold was intense, but the temperature was dry and settled. As they flew over the level parts there was none of the depression felt in a humid atmosphere. Every breath they drew through their respirators made the blood course through their veins as if fired with generous light wine. They had no leisure to feel the cold, for every hour of the daylight was occupied when they crossed the level ground, and there was little enough of that; they had mountains to scale and countless other hardships to face which kept them in a glow- ing condition. The dogs were the most difficult to keep, for they had most voracious appetites, and if not quickly supplied would devour anything that was nearest. The reindeer were, however, easily kept, as every- where their food, the lichen, abounded.

It was apparently a sterile and desolate country over which they went, but to travellers as experi- enced as these were it was not so in reality. They seldom wanted firewood, for if the trees were dwarfish they were plentiful everywhere; easy to cut down, and not difficult to light. Game also was not scarce after they got a hundred miles away from the mining centre. Ptarmigan and white hares were shot almost daily; now and again a wandering drove of musk ox and wild reindeer were sighted and stalked. Then they had excitement as well as hard work to make them sleep sound when they all crept under the tent-flap of a night. Bill Sykes had brought a good supply of stores with him, which, with the exception of some of the dried fruit and preserved vegetables, he seldom had to touch.

He had introduced two novelties to the Klondike miners in the matter of food, which had proved instant favourites—baked pea and lentil flour. Hitherto they had been eating beans and bacon, both good enough in their way to produce warmth and sustain life. But Bill had discovered from a Scotchman how to make a substantial meal in a few moments from a couple of spoonfuls of pea flour. This was in reality the pulse that had nourished the Hebrew children in the palace of the Great King; the sausages that Bismarck fed his legions upon during their winter campaign in France.

A sackful of this flour would provide a man with satisfying food for six months. The longer he used it the better he liked it. It was pre-eminently the food for the Yukon or the Arctic, heat-producing, satisfying, tasty, easily made and easily carried. When Bill Sykes bestowed that boon upon Dawson City it wiped a lot of former delinquencies from his slate.

It was easily made: a handful of the flour put into a pannikin, with a lump of butter or fat, and a little salt. Then some boiling water and a brisk stir-about, and a most succulent paste was the zesult. A paste to put brains into the thinker, muscles into the worker, and true manhood into the debilitated. With this beneficent mixture on hand scurvy could not possibly find a footing. It cleared the complexion, restored the coatings which bad whiskey had burnt from sorely-tried stomachs, renewed youthful vigour, and spread a wave of unusual hope and happiness ovee,this City of Gold. Bill had only one regret, and that was, he could not patent it. As a naturalised American he would have liked to have disguised it and sold it in small packets under some other name, but he had given the secret away before the great importance of it dawned upon him. He had a couple of sacks of this stuff with him now, and, having proved its anti-scorbutic pro- perties, he made up and gave to his men a daily quantity. They all enjoyed the mixture hugely, as they had become used to it before. "With my gun, a good store of ammunition, and half a dozen sacks of pea and lentil flour, I'm prepared to find the North Pole with any man," Bill had said to the Dawsonians, and after they had tested his special mixture they were prepared to believe him.

Bill and his companions had many adventures as they went along, yet proved that there are no im- possible obstacles to prevent a plucky party from crossing the North-West Territory even in the most extreme weather. The Indians did it constantly. Why, then, should not the conquerors and pioneers of civilisation?

Bill Sykes had endured the heat of the gulches' of Colorado. His lungs were sound and his diges- tion perfect. Therefore, he laughed at the fierce ice-breath of the Arctic.

He was a prodigious favourite with the Indians and half-breeds whom he commanded. He was a dead shot with his gun, and absolutely fearless. He was a firm master, yet by no means tyrannical or unreasonable. What he expected them to do he was equally ready to do himself. In many ways Bill Sykes, murderer and outlaw from Texas, was a born commander.

He tackled grizzlies, brown and black bears, on the ledges. Once they encountered a hungry polar white bear, which had prowled down from the Arctic coasts in search of food. They camped with Indians, and were put on the track of those they were searching for. They encountered all the varied fortunes of Argonauts to those climes. Snowstorms came; blizzards broke over tem. They dragged their sledges over deadly slopes and passes —clung to Alpine-like ledges—and escaped death in its many aspects as they struggled over that snow and ice-locked region. At last they came upon the men they were after. It was nearly the close of March before they reached them, and never had relief-party arrived so opportunely. They found the two men in a hut by the banks of a frozen creek at the foot of one of the passe R. They were reduced almost to the last extremity, and had been for the past three weeks existing on starvation rations.

"Another week," said Jack Wade, "and we should have had to wolf our moccasins, while see here! we have fifty thousand dollars in gold-dust already taken out of our claim." Jack Wade was the least affected as yet by the hardships which these two prospectors had ex- perienced. He was a strong man, thickset and broad-shouldered; besides, he had been used to a hard life, which his companion had not. Lewis Eastlake was hors de combat. An unvary- ing diet of salt pork and tinned meat had given him a bad attack of scurvy. He was dropsical, leaden-hued, and almost in the last stages of prostration. Bill Sykes at once constituted himself doctor and cook. He got out his pe.tse flour and condensed milk and sent his half-breeds and Indians on the hunt for fresh meat. In three days the invalid was able to take an interest in mundane affairs; then Bill thought of the letters which he had to deliver. Perhaps taese would put fresh vigour into the frame of the scurvy-devoured man. There was a latter from. the Secretary of the Klondike Moose Mining Company, with a draft for his expenses and salary as director. , There were three long and tender epistles from the Duchess Valerie. In one of these she t id him that his wife had left Cherbourg suddenly, but for where the writer had not been able to discover. In her last letter she informed him that she intended taking a long sea voyage in her yacht, round the Horn and up the Yukon River. She would be at Dawson City about July that year. No letters from his wife. He had not had one since he left her. What could it mean? He had written to her regularly also—that is, du ing the past summer, while lie was at Dawson City. Bill Sykes saw that the letters he had brought did not have the good effect he expected. There was a French paper that he had not yet delivered. Per- chance that might give his Patient more heart. He fished it out from his packets and gave it him. Yes, the French paper roused the gold-finder up. He opened it, saw a place marked with blue pencil, and read the poisoned paragraph with glaring eyes. The French dress their scandal as they dress their dishes—artistically. In this delicately-spiced article Sir Lewis Eastlake learnt his full degrada- tion. His wife had eloped with an Englishman. This paper said rothitig about the death of Dr. Waldred. A former issue had mentioned that disaster. _ _ _ _ . _

•The young gold-finder crushed the cursed paper in his hand and bent his head upon his Ileast. He was too weak Fet to give way to passion; he could only brood upon his disgrace. Hope, the companion of his boyhood, his girl sweetheart, to leave him like this!

A certain sense of retributive justice kept him from judging her too harshly. He was feeling, in his bodily weakness, that he had partly deserved this punishment. He had not thought of marrying her until he was a ruined man. Instead of doing so he had wasted his means, like the prodigal, in riotous living. He had only given her and her brother a burden of debt. "I didn't expect this from Hope," he thought dismally. "Yet I suppose she is like the rest of us. Perhaps I was not as devoted as she expected during those months at Falaise. Perhaps, knowing me as she did, she could not believe I could ever retrieve my evil luck, and so went off with a better man."

- ----- OLYPTION.: „, 0 THIS MARVELLOUS ralk.ST: INSTRUm ENT will PLAY SELF—Clockwork—thousao",oo Tunes. You can choose your tunes. A ST GEISHA AND UP-TO-0-- TUNES. ro) Prices from 12s. 6d, to ~ - ARCHER St SOSSfr, 43 To 47, LORD-STIO ' LIVERPOOL. / (...... CY CLES! C- Goes For Ladies and 0 0 Ira AO men. " ROYAL A. 075 par_ rf*t , rd. W....--.... _ fizst _._-.1., —4....... finest value. Carriago ei es; ,?.1 etj P-00 30 per cent cheaper LW . . i where. Immense SW, 'AO} --, and Secondhanu• rEnms : FRo3f 10s. MoNTHLY. OLD MACHINE'S EXCHANGED. ta. 00° 1899 ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Large CYc—. School. , CO.. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURINu 45, RVEI,TON-BOAD, LIVERPOOL. "noL• City Branch: 30, ELLIOT-ST/MST, LIVER.'" Telephone 113 Anfield. ---"' --

THE P` T' -.= r,,,,,4%-,--,ii.4-,-„--,---",;-,.;,,a tr,.... L„,,,Aiki, = ,-,-_-_-:vt • 4 r 45-7 ----'---- )A k

===== 0002601_18990818_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XII.

BILL SYKES BRINGS BAD NEWS. '

No man 'could call in question the reckless courage of that bold buccaneer of the Sierras, Bill Sykes, alias Knify Jerk. He set out on his adventures in the most rigorous of weather. It was below zero to its most extreme depression. Even the Polar bears must have found it uncomfortably appetite-producing and keen. He had taken his bearings carefully, and all the other precautions which his recent overland experi- ences must have suggested. His nose was not quite such a classic member as he would have liked, if he had been at the fixing of it. His ears also were better developed than he exactly cared about. But, as Touchstone said about his poor spouse Audrey, they were his very own, and he had no notion of parting with them too suddenly. There- fore, he took good care to guard these members from frostbite. Besides the Indian sledge-drivers, who had trained their own deer and dogs to the work, he took with him a couple of half-breeds who had traversed the North-West territory froni the mouth of the Mackenzie to Hudson's Bay. The Indians were good for their own work, likewise for fishing and hunting; but these half-breeds, being cleaner in their habits, made more agreeable companions, At this time of the year, they had a dull kind of daylight for about six and a half hours. The trail which the gold piospectors had taken was almost east from Dawson City—was across country to the direction of the Franklin Lakes. Of course, he could not tell where they might have branched off, yet he trusted to his Indians and half-breeds to find out from some other native rovers.

One point Bill was sure about. This Lewis Eastlake and his partner must have covered a con- siderable tract of country, or they would have returned to Dawson City for the winter. Jack Wade he had heard described as a man who had spent many years prospecting in the East and North of the territory, and on the Peel and Red Rivers and their tributaries. It wasn't such a wild-goose chase as it may appear to readers who have not been in those regions. Prospectors who were daring enough to venture so far afield were scarce. The tribes of wandering Indians were to be met on the banks of rivers and streams, or in the woods and mountains, following the track of game. They were most likely to know all the whites who had passed through, and the direction they were taking. The wilds of Canqda are extensive, yet although a white man may run a hundred risks of death, from exposure, starvation, blizzards, treacherous rivers, falls down ice crevices, or the deadly hugging of grizzly bears, he can hardly cover his trail from those keen-eyed wanderers. . . .

In Canada, also, the Redskins are the trusting brothers of the British Palefaces. We have kept our treaties faithfully with them. They have the memory of broken pledges to make them abhor the American United Statesman as much as they respect

===== 0002601_18990818_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
"You don't seem to have got cheerful news frora your despatches, mate ? " observed Bill Sykes, who had been watching him. "No, I have not; yet it is what I might have expected," replied the sick man with a forced sail bitter laugh. "A woman sold you, I guess. Yet if one Ds! done so there must be another who longs to repsg the injury." "What do you mean?" "Only that someone is mighty interested in • young fellow called Lewis Eastlake, and has 11 scarcity of spondulicks to prove that interest, replied Bill knowingly. "It can't be your mining partners, as they could easily get another man t° take your place. I have been commissioned V) look after you personally, as if you had been Sir John Franklin himself."

The thoughts of Sir Lewis turned gratefully tO the Duchess Valerie. She had not forgotten hilut if his wife had. "I can't say who the party is, as my instra: tions are vague, but I have to deliver you safe an° sound in Dawson City this summer, so set to fig fast as possible and get well." Scurvy is a trouble which is cured quickly taken in time. Bill Sykes had all the condiment" with him to effect a rapid cure, and very soon hill patient was on his feet and taking his share in the work. It had been late in the season before Jack Wadl and his partner had made this lucky discovery 11 the extreme end of the Yukon Valley. They 136._,a( fossicked and sunk Many a hole in different pan, with indifferent results before they had landeii this. But now it seemed they need go no further; the gold was here and in abundance. During the next two months they were all liar 3 at work, shovelling away snow and burning through the ice. They tested only a few panfunll to each hole, and dug these at the specified distant* from each claim to satisfy the Government rules. All were rich.

Bill Sykes decided on one claim, and each of big Indians and half-breeds chose theirs. There were a number of names affixed to others that Sir Lewitt was empowered to use for his London company, and, these pegged off and taken up, they were ready to go off to Klondike and announce the rich die' covery. "The Klondike Moose Mining Company° could now issue their prospectuses with a blare of trumpets.

They had discovered a new and immensely pro" fitable goldfield. ( To be continued.)

ROOFS AND BOOTS -AND HEADA.CHES.

The man who invents a roof that never leaks sod needs no repairs will be a true benefactor to his race* So will the man who invents a kind at boot (comfort' able and right in every way) that will stand five yeas of continuous wear without obliging us to patronise tbe cobbler.

Of course, one of these inventions would be rough ort the roofers and the other on the leather fellows ; but la the same they would tot up as a public good. No feat, however. It won't be done.

Now if, on my side, I could get up some sort of thing which would cure women's headaches in two minutes bi the town clock, every time, to an absolute certainty', and have no bad effects behind, why, I should sooll be the most pipular man between the four seas tbse girth Britain, and as rich as the famous America, V3nderbilts.

But that ilannot be done either—not in such fashion: For, like a volcanic eruption, a headache—particulorlY the sharp and ugly kisid that makes women half crazi and last for days—always signifies something gone wrong with the nerves; aye, .and with something ell° behind the nerves.

Mrs. Jane Boswell says that once she had a headacb. so bad she could hardly see. Tbe breed of headache 020 was that sends the poor creatures who have it to bed, with tow Is tied around the head and a hot water bottle for a pillow. None of the host of " sure cures for headache " touches this variety of cranial torture, They are all vanity and vexation of spirit—to sal nothing of wasted sixpences and shillings. Before these fearful headaches came to keep her we:cotne company, Mrs. Boswell was out of soits tsitb the very identical ailment which manufactured and troduced the headache. "Jo Septimab.r, 1896," 6116 tells us, " my health broke down. I lost all my strength aud was low down in feeling. I could eat scarcely Or thing, and what little I did manage to swallow gave 'llO great pain at the chest and a sinking feeling that soiSe" times fairly frightened me with an idea that I might di. in the midst of it. I had headaches So bad I could hareily see, and while they were on me the pain coned.. tuted my entire world. I had no sense or thought fOr aught else.

" I got but little sleep at night and felt so exhausted in the morning that getting out of bed was a matter of necessity—not of choice. I came to be so weak I coal not do my own housework, and my life was a Nude° and a misery.

"One day I read in a newspaper an account of per' sons having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup of 000" plaints exactly like mine—judging by the symptoms der cribed in the letters they sent to the paper.

"I began taking this medicine and felt much hotter in a few days. My food agreed with me and strong began to return. A. little lea (it was not more than IP few weeks at the utmost) I had no further occasion f° the medicine, RS I was well and vigorous as ever. I" indigestion was gone and the headache as well. I have totld my neighbours of what Mother Seigel's Syrup Os for me, and am willing that what I have written shoal° be published for the benefit of other women who Buil"! as I did; and they are very many."—(Signed) (MI% JANE BOSWELL, Goldaithney, Marazion, Cornwall, listcw 23, 1899. Very many indeed they are, and not one but will bg glad she read what is here set down,after she has knovilli by happy eaoerience how sure and sufficient a remedf Mother Seigel's Syrup is for the nervous troubles of bet sex. Nobody will ever invent a perfect roof, or a shoe tblv will last five years without mending. Neither will atir body ever invent a nerve medicine that will cure 1/f acting on the nerves directly. It must first correct tb: stomach and liver—which is the way Mother Seigel Syrup does the work.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE.

OUR CATALOGUE or MAZEPPA Large stock of new and secondhand Mac

EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LIS'I S• MAZEPPA CYCLE C°'/ Scotland Road, Liverpool'

===== 0002601_18990818_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WHLTEI. White to move and win.

SOLVERS' LIST.

Pre. Probl'm Probl'm Dual Ti

score. No 43. No 44. Sol. Pts. Tavlin, Warrington 60 2 2 2 66 Lee, Warrington 50 2 2 2 56 W Rigby, Warrington 50 2 2 54 W Hewitt, Warrington 46 2 2 2 52 X Donaghy, Padgate 42 2 2 2 43 Powell,Warrington... 40 2 2 44 T p Forbes, Warrington 36 2 2 40 X Ogden, Warrington 34 2 2 33 G Rowe, Warrington ... 30 2 2 34 T Rickers, Warrington 30 2 2 34 Massey,Warrington 30 2 2 34 J Fuden, Warrington 26 2 2 30 W Darlington, Penketh 26 2 2 30 Green, Warrington . 24 2 2 2 30 Evans,Warrington ... 26 2 28 A Rutter, Warrington 2 2 2 28 8 Albinson, Sekt'n H'th 24 24 A Banner,Warrington... 18 2 2 "E J P" Warrington... 14 2 2 W E Kean, Warrington 16 C P," Warrington .. 8 2 G Lowe, Warrington ... 8 Wright, Warrington JR Grieve, Warringen 2 R Mercer. Padgate 2 ROS3i Penketh

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize In this competition can, if they deiire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value sf 53, instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we !nay state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the Competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the bead o the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is Cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points gO towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if he chooses, Commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction.

Intending sonapetitors may commence at any time.

Several of our solvers having sent in a cdrrection Of the author's terms to Problem No. 43, we have accordingly awarded those solvers 2 points for the correction according to rules. The correction is as follows :—At 4th move of solution if White plays 9-22 instead of 21-30, the position is a White Win. Since the problem has been in type we have received a note from Mr. Darlia: ton, stating that the white man on 29 is superfluous, otherwise the terms of the Problem would have been alright.

A number of our Solvers having also found a dual eolution to Problem N 0.44, we have awarded those solvers 2 extra points according to rules. The deal solution is as follows :- 6-10 28-19 25-22 1— 5 17-10 (a)l5-- 6 30--25 6-- 1 14-18 Black 1--12 13-- 6 22-17 23-14 Wins. (a) () 28-12,10-26, 31-22,30-25, 13-6, 1-3. Mal: VVins. (b) 13-6, 10-26, 28-12, 1-3, 31-22, 3C-25, 8-4, Black

THREE KINGS AGAINST FOUR. Lwa-

LIVIIITIC. / 4 „ 0 • a ~/,_ 6 P 6 7,411 U zip AllirrArio :, ' ; 4 iiia • 1 ' r ), • 'l. ,1 • 0 '/ / .W \ - •1111., '''')

===== 0002601_18990818_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
e 065 1 Or re Di :t the 3igell

7 so il g_ tto t, rad; fin no o

===== 0002601_18990818_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
:g$T, '6)54 01' oe ;rot ski sof

===== 0002601_18990818_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANNARD"3 FEMALE MIS

"NEVER FAIL." i? iteknowledged to be Vie only genuine remedy for Correcting IRitrGULARITIES St, OBSTRUCTIONS re certtan to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about tia,,t is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. in boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., all Chernists or sent free from observation by post from e. BLANCIIL\RD, Forest Rd., Dalston-London.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

RESULTS OF EXIHINATIONS-1899.

SCIENCE AND ART DEPARTMENT: _ART.

E L-E—M-ENT" R--Y FE N D Clasi : S Bqswick, J C Beswick, Frances Bolton, J Burley. winifrode J Evana, Alice A E B Jones, E C Jones. Vi olet E Lloyd, E el M it:rain, May Parris, Elen Wornarsley. S,c Mid Class: E len Butterworth, Maud Clavton.T R Critchley, W Jtquee, Fl Jont.s, Annie Lidiard, Florence M Lidiard, A M flat. Mabel Syirland, Polly Taylor, Mary B Ward, &hel H Welsby, E M Yes.don. ELEMENTARY MODEL.— First Class: Frances Bolton, 3 Burley, Annie Lidiard, Ethel Mottrana, Polly Taylor, Second Class : J Armstrong, Ellen Butterworth, a. N Chester, Maui Clayton, Amy Dumbill, Winifrede J Evans, S Griffiths, Elsie Hewitt, W Jaques, Alice A E B Jones, E C Jones, H Jonas, J H Lawton. Florence M Lidiard, Elward L Malone, T Malon, A 'M off at, Beatrice M Nield, E H O'Brien, May Perris, Rose? Rogers, E Sharpies, Jean B Shirlaw, Mabel Solerland, Lucy E M Yeadon. ELEMENTARY LIGHT AND SHADE.!—S.IC3IId Class J Armstrong, F Bate, J Barley, R W D Cook, Helen Fair- clou_da, Ma gart L Heywood, E C Jones. May Perris, Eva Pickavance, Iran B Shirlaw, Clarice Walker, Kath- leen E Ellen Wornersley. GEOMETRICAL DRAWING. —Pass : A B Ardern, H Jones, E El O'Brien, Mary Ward. ADVANCED FREEHAND. —First Class: G Bolton, R W D Cook, B Davies, G E Finch, C Love, Clinics Walker, Lucy Wal,h,Eathleen E Wnite,Ellen Womersley. Second Class: F Bate, Violet E Lloyd, Jean B Shirlaw, Lucy Williams.

AMIANCED MODEL.—Fir3t Class : Ethel Mottram, Efnuy'P4inston. Second Class: G Bolton, BDa.vies, H Fl DM, NiabA El Earp, Helen B Henshall, Ethel Kenyon, Lucy Walsh.

ADVANCED LIGHT AND SHADE. —First Clam: R W D

Cook, H H Dell. Mab3l El Esrp. llen B Henshall. Lhey Wal4l. Second Class : Helen Fidrelough. B Davies, Katherino A Swanwink, Ellen Womersley. ELEMENTARY PERSPECTI PE.—Firs'; Class: H H Dll, 141.091 H Etrp, Ethel Mottram.

G B)Iton

Smcond Class : Kathleen .151 Picton, Katharine A Swan- wick.

DESlGN.—Eernentary. Picknvance.

S2cond Cites :: Gertrude

ANTIQUX.-Firqt Claes : G ,rtruie Pickavance. Second Class : Mmnie E Burton.

PAINTING STILL LIFE. -PING C!als : Gertrude }Neb.- v tnce, KAttlarine Swanwiclr. Second Chiss : Helen B E1,n.41a!1, K bl9en M Pietou. PRINCIPLES OF 0 EIN AMENT —Elementary Second Claei : Gertrude Piciravance.

CERTIFICaTE WORKS ACCEPTED.—Minnie Barton (1), R Daviea (3), H II Dell (1), Mane( E trp (1), Helen B Henshall (1), Bsatrice Lees (1), Ethel Mottram (2), Gertrude Plckavance (1), Kathleen Picton (1), Emily Plinston (2), Katharine Swanwirk (11. ART MASTER'S CERTIFICATR.—B..a.-,riC3 Leas. SCIENCE AND ART DEPARTMENT.—SCIENCE. PRACTICAL GoomErsr--Advanced Second Class: W A Cum-ohs% Elementary First Class : d H Dell, E smentary Second Class: G Bolton, R W D Cook. Ethel MAtram, Ea Pickavance, W J Spenaley. MATUEMATICS.—StAgO 11., Sv.ond Class : R Clare, W Daitatith, Jane Harding, A S Watson. Stage 1., First Class : A Briggs, M Garside. Second Class Clara Gillard, B Ilihbert. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.—Advanced Second Class: W Barnes H W Whittle. E ementary First Class W Ashton, T F Wallington. Elementary Second Class : A Billingharn, RCragg. R E Forster, E Horrocks, W Smith, E Summrrfield, T R Wallace, J L Warburton. MACKIN'S DRAWlNG.—Advanced First Class: F E Allen, J Massey. Advanced Second Class: P Booth, H W Mackey. Elementary First Class: T Bennett, W J Spensley, F White. Second Class: H B Ardent, W /lodger, E Rimrner. APPLIED MECRANICS.—Advancad Second Class :J Massey. Elementary First Class : H W Mackey, Second Class : J Barlow, T Bennett, H J Charnock, L Fairclough, E Ritnmer, W J Spensley. STEAM.—Eternentary First Class G C Litton, J Massey. Second Clnsa : H H Gorst, A Spruce. MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY.—EIementary First class: J BoJle, W B Haynes, El C Jones. :Second Class: F C Bennion, W Daintith, A Gough. h.:Dacus:tic Censmisray.--7(Theoretical). Advanced Sscond Class: AEI Bateman, G Carruthers, H Gray, E E Lowe, S S caindells. Elementary First Class : J H Booth, F Daintith, G Diamond, E Hultne, E W Kirk, G W Owen, J Richardson, N Williams. Second Class : E J Gerrard.

INORGANIC CIIRMISTR/ (PRACIICAL).—Advanced First Class: Miss J Harding. 8 SwindeUs. Seclnd Class : T Gordon, H Gray. Elementary First Class : J H Booth, F Daintith, E G Hulme, G B Kendrick, E W Kirk. S Moss, G W Owen, J Richardson, N Williams. ORGANIC CHEMISTRY (THEORETICAL).—E!eIHOEtATT Fint Class: AEI Batemen, T Dixon. t econd Class: E Ball, G Carruthers. ORGANIC CHEMISTRY.—(Practical). Elementary Second Class: A H Bateman. PRYSIOLOGY.—E'ementar? Second Class : Emily B Comber, Clara Gillard, Jennie Parker, Edith M Ward. ITGlENR.—Elernentary Second Class : Emily B Costher, Jennie Parker.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CITY AND GUILDS INSTITUTE.

IRON AND STEEL.—Honours Graie. First:Class : E J Garrard. Seoond Clap+ : W H Athertnn. ONION OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE INSTITUTES.

COMMERCIAL CERTIFICATE: G Smith. LATIN (A.dvanceci), first place in the Union: E E Lowe. _ _

SPAN'S' (Elementary), 2nd place: G Skelton. BOOL-KNEPING, 6th place: W Hill. SHOWMAN) (First class-120 words), 16th place : W R Remick; 68th place, C H Longshaw. A.RITIDIETIC.—EIementary First Class: E Ashcroft, I Brandrett, J Cricchley, J Cross G U Dawson, A Day, F Dean, F Foulkes,F Gardner, G Hatton, J Horn, W Kay, J Knott, F Mellor, A Maybury, G Painter,A Pennington, S Reeves J Rigby. P Taylor, P Winstanley. Second Claim: H Baines, Louisa Booth,G Brown, A H Critchley. R Curphey. J Delaney, G Edwardson, Margaret Ford, J Hedgcock, 8 Houghton, B Ireland, P Ireland, P Jenks, C Jones, Eva M Kirk, T Lawrence,J Lockett, I Newton. A O'Brien, H O'Brien, W O'Brien, FI Parker, J Pember- ton, S Smith, J Stanley, G Waywell C Woods. Enausu.—Ceminerciar Second Class : G Smith. Elanoentary First Class: H Dale, Amy G Mounfield, J I Wildraan. Second Class T W Fernley, Elizabeth Knott, Mary Mills. Jennie R Roberts, Ethel Yeomans. Music RIIDIMENTS.—Pass : Mary Quill. HANDWRITING.—GOMMerCiaI Second Class :3 Critch- _ _ _ _

lev, A Pennineton, C Woods. Third Class : W Rutter. Elemeatary Snot's! Class: G G Daws' on E Iddon, Elizabeth Knott, J Knott, F Mellor,JMyles,JPemberton, 11 Seed. Third Class: R Curphey, T W Fernley, E Tema. _ _ _

_ SHORTHAND.—First Clan with distinction: W It Beswick (being leth in Lancashire and Cheshire), C Lengehaw (being 68th in Lancashire and Cheshire). First Class : J I Carpenter. Second Class : A E Burdett, R Carpenter, E Haigh, E Iddon B Podmore, W Rigby, G Smith. Third Class: S Bate, W R Blease Julia Dreher, A Herobin, R Hughes, Legge, F T Light, J Scotson, Maggie M Watson. Theoretical Pass : W Ii Antrobas, Lizzie Bayley, C Barlow, W Bennett, It W Cook, J Critchley, P J Dell, J L Emett, F Foulkes, J Gitlin, A Gleave, J Gerst, Ireland, C Jones, Nora Joynson, Rosie M Lowe, H J Mainley, Isabel Mainley, Mary Mills, Amy G Mounfield, I Newton, H Parker, A Pennington, T Prince, F Swift, Emily 'Fuson, E P Tuson, C Woods. NMEDLEWORlC.—lntermediate Third ;Class: Alice Haley, Eva M Kirk. Elementary First Class: Ethel Lowe, Mary Whitefield. DRE.SMAKING.—FITSt Class: Mary E Bate, Emily Clarks, Minnie Fairhurst, Lily Furness, Elizabeth A Lloyd, Emma Parr, Olivia Potts. Second Class : Lily A C Barber, Elsie Bond, Nellie Clarke, Clara reacock,Annie Spence, Emily Sumner, Nellie Taylor, Siosie rigiSS. LATlN.—Advanced First class with distinction : E E Lowe (being let in Lancashire and Cheshire). Second class: Jane Harding. Fnutzcn.—Literary Third Class: Adall Davidson, Margaret Doleson. Elementary Second Class: Mary J Carpenter, Gertrude A Hudson, Maud E Hudson. Lucy Whittle. Third Class : Edith A Barlow, Louie I Daintith, Amy G Mounfield, H Parkinson, 8 Payne, A Watson, Ethel H Welsby. WOODCARVINII.—SSICONI Class : 8 Be4Wiett. ARITIMETIC.—Sestior Commercial Third Class : E Timm. Junior Commercial Second Class: W J Bar- low, E Cliff", J Miles. Third Class: E Lawrence. Mensuration First Class: T Richardson, J L Warbur- ton. Second Class H Wood. BUSINESS ROUTINE: Second Class: H Dale, Mabel E Pearce. Third Class: J S Bowcock, A J Dandy, R Long. Book-KkErnso.—Flrst class with distinction : W Hill (being 6th in Lancashire and Cheshire). First class. J S Bowcock, A E Burdett, W Burdett, J Cannell, J G Chappell, J Gorst. Mabel E Pearce, A Pennington, S Rowbotham. G Skelton. Second class : H Booth, W flooth,E Haigh, N El Matthews, H Rathbone, E P Tusou, A Ward. Third class : R Long. ADVANCED ACCOUNTS.—SecSnd class: F Hollings- worth, J E Knowles, W Moores. Third class : F Durn- bill.

_ SPANlSll.—Eleinentary First Class : G Skelton (being 2nd in Lancashire and Cheshire). Second class : E W Kirk,

SOCIETY OF ARTS.

Snoarsarm.—Second class: W R Remick, C Clarke, C H Longsbaw. B Wilkinson. Third class: A E Bur- dett, E Haigh, E Iddon. Boox-irearmo —Second class: F Dumbill, F Hol- linzsworth, J E Knowles, W Moan's, B Silcock, W 0 Taylor: Third class: G Smith.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER THE CLOCK, 11RIDGE-STREET.—Advt. POTTED TONGUE, PRESSED BEEF, POTTED HEAD, BOILED HAMS, all kinds of cooked meats. BATLEY DU/X.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
22 18 16 12

===== 0002601_18990818_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1899.

A WARRINGTON TEAM WINS THE BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP.

Over the well-kept green of the private bowling club at Whitetield, the teams of Wigan and Seuth Warrington met on Saturday afternoon to play off for the county president's prize enl the honour of holding toe county club championship of Lancashire and Cheshire for the next twelve months. Considerable interest was take e in the peiceedines, and bith sets of supporters were equally sanguine as to the issue of the match. The War- rinetoniane have always made a bold bid for honour in the competition, but during the past two years the main has been handicapped by the green at the B ill's Head having bec3fne so affected, as to not ale) wof a wood being trundled. That their position this year in the connluding tie has been gained by 55 esr merit c annot be doalred, and the several victories gained which landed then in such a preud position on Saturday have been tee outenne of rare pluck and d Teed pertinacity. The Whirefield green was seen at its beat and toe first quart- ette saw the VVarriagtonians gain a lead by ten shots.T Davies in his game with J Settle rarely left the issue in doubt,and although the Wiganer got two at the first end Davies with a succession of good woods established a strong lead, and the 22nd end of the game was called 21-9. It was a surprise packet to see J. Shaw so de- eisivey defeated by W. Gerrell and at no particular period did the Wereiagtonian look like retrieving a for• lorn position incurred in the early portion of his tie. It was a ding, done, battle forithe first dozen ends between H. Fogg and J. H. Moekler, but from that point the former trundler secured the leek and ran out a winner by ten shots. Another disappointment was in store when E. Shaw was despatched by W. Leyland, but the game was one of the most stubbornly contested witnessed during the afternoon. The players peeled repeatedly, and finally Moekler won by the narrow margin of two sho's. Warrington had thus an advantage of ten shots when the second quartette appeared,but this adva.ntage was soon lost when R. Hough scored a runaway vietory over J. Swanton. Hough only allowed his opponent to score six, and after A dozen ends had been bowled the Wiganer ran out a winner by 15 shots, the most deci- sive victory gained during the afternoon. I consistently good game was bowled by P. Wells, wile after losing advantage gained in the portion of his tie succeeded in overhauling his oppon- ent, and finally winning by four points. J. Henderson maintained an advantage over J. Gleave throughout the tie, and won by four shots. A game extending over Veiny ends between T. Locker and J. Swift ended in a favour of tee Warringtonian by two shots. The winner of this tie held a lead at one period of seven which Swift gradually reduced and subse- quently minagel to take the lead at the 17th end, on'y to see Looker get on a tricky mark and win as et at,tl above. Thus at the end of the second series of games Warrington were now in a minority by three shots when the last quartette appeared, but the promising start by J. Wersley caused the hopes of the Warringtonians to go up by leaps and bounds. Worsley always held his opponent at hay, and the geme,which extended over 27 ends, saw tie vV arringtonian succ .issful by eight shots. Meaatirne 'l'. Hackett was also accounting for R.Makin, and theu4h the first-named was in a minority by five shots at the 13th end, be secured the jack at the 17th end, arid quickly scored eight, whilst Makin was sc :lint; one. Hackett maintained his advantage and won by five shots. The victory of F. Berry and R Johnson was very popular, and the gold medallist showed a determination which accrued in his gaining a victory when the odds were certainly against him accomplishing the same. The players peeled six ans at oee period Johnson held a lead of five,but Berry sco Ting well at the 27th end never allowed his op- ponent another chance and won by two points. Thus with three c mseeutive wLis by Warrington, the fortunes of tke game turned in their favour, and it required Poldine to administer a severe coup de grace to Fair- brother, to rob the Warrinetoniens of c lampionship heniur. That Polding made a short bid was shown in ttie resuit, bat with F sirbrother gaining two at the 18th end victory was assured the Werringteaiaas, who won the championship by the small margin of three The excitement during the last stages of the match was something to te remombered and rarely has such a k !en tus:el reeu witnessed. Details :

S bUTH WAR,tINGTON. WIGAN. T Gleays T D ,vies J Shaw H Fogg 2l J H Nfolkler .......... ........ 11 P Welk.. B Shaw l9 W Leyland ...... ... ........... 21 J Swaut3n I Locke, F B-rry 2l R Johnson J Worley 2l T Hunt .. T Hackett 2l It !klatch' It Fairbrother l2 (3- Folding 2l

NEGLECT OF CHILDREN AT SUTTON.

FATHER AND MOTHER SENT TO PRISON. "CHILDREN LIKE YOUNG ARABS."

Samuel Grindley, labourer, and his wife Mary Ann Grindley, of Gorsty Ho'low, Sutton, near Runcorn? Were again brought up before the magistrates at Runcorn Sessions, when the Bench was occupied by Sir Richard Brooke, Bart (chairman), and Messrs W. Timmins and J. Ockleston. Al on the previous occasion the defend- ants appeared the charge was the neglect of their six children in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suff-r- -hig and injury to their health on the 21st of July and ether days.—Mr. Knowles, solicitor, Widnes, prosecetad on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., whil,t the defendants con- ducted their own case.---Mr. Knowles reviewed the his- tory of the case, and stated that tee children now appeared in court fairly Ny dressed,and that was quite in keeping with his (Mr. Knowles') experience of such cases. The clothes were probably borrowed for the !occasion. He bad known one family stay In bed whilst Lhe others used the clothes to appear in Court.

Inspector Walter Hackett, stationed at Warrington, said the first proceedings in the case were taken by the police on the Ist May. Witness saw the boy Thomas about that time, and he was suffering from a burn wound which extended from tee knee to the groin. Tn.-) wound was raw, and in a very bad state indeed. The woman said he had had the wound a mantra, and she bad not seen a doctor about it. It was covered with a dirty piece of ray, and when this was removed the stench was something awful. The defendants subse- quently went for the doctor, and he told them to poul- tice the wound, and bring the child again. Instead of acting according to the doctor's advice tee mother bad continued to poultice the wound, and had made it worse. The doctor told her she would have to pay is 6 a visit, as she owed hirrt,a bill, but she did not go near him again. For over fifur months the wound was in a bad condition. On the 37)th June witness visited defen- dant's house, and again examined the child's leg. It was very painful, and when the dirty rag which covered it was removed, the child screamed frightfully. The child was very poorly clad. The boy George was lying on the parents' bed suffering from measles. He was filthy dirty, and was covered with a dirty sheet. The mother was picking coal. When the children caught sight of -witness coming they jumped through the window, and went and hid them- selves. They had always been half naked, and they looked like aeimals running about; more like little dirty Arab children than anything else. The only improve- ment witness observed was that defendants had two new quilts and two new sheets. The mattresses were rotten and filthy dirty. The floor in the children's room was filthy dirty with excrement in whieh the children had been paddling with bare feet. The bedstead was broken down, and the bed upon it was of such aimensions that it did not cover the laths. Some of the children would, therefore, have to sleep on the irons, and that, he sub- mitted, would entail suffering. The defendants had made no effort to improve this state of things. He bad telked to the woman about mending the condition of the house and children, and she told bim if it was not for such people as her his occupation would be gone. Last Friday the children were in a worse state altogether. He found them in a ditch, and they were soeking wet. Fred was dressed in a ragged jacket and a filthy dirty shirt, and was without shoes or stock- ings. On the left foot there was a wound about an inch and half long, caused, the boy said, by treading on an , old nail in a'fence. There was also a wound on the boy's shin, which, his mother said, was caused by being run over by a cart wheel. It was in a very bad state, and the boy was walking on his toes. George was very poorly clad, and had sores on his feet. Witness told the defendant she would have to be brought before the court, and she replied the sooner it came about the bet- ter, as they would keep her in gaol, and there would be less expense in the house. The defendants had had no- tice to leave the house. The children had vermin bites upon them. Sergeant Bourne, lately stationed at Sutton Weaver, gave corroborative evidence. The farmers were annoyed by the children,who ran about wild. Defendant was a farm labourer [lt was here stated that defendant was in receipt of £1 per week, and one boy earned 6s a week].—Sergeant Bourne said the children had been got up for the occasion. If they saw them three days hence they would not know them. The male (defendant :said it was a queer job if the children could be made so clean and tidy in three days. The people were saying it was a scandalous skame to bring them to the court. Sergeant Bourne said the boot was on the other leg. The neighbours were of opinion that the case ought to have been taken years ago. The male defendant said he could do no more than he had done, even if they sent him to prison. They were just making a start now. He had had 23 children and he had never had a doctor to them. They did not look as if they needed one. Mr. Ockleston : Did your wife tell you that I said if she had been in Liverpool she would have got six months for the child's leg P—Defendant : No.—The female defendant: Yes, I told you that.—Defendant: She may have told me. I don't take notice of such thiogs.—Mr. Ocklestown • That's it. Mary Ann Grindley, the female defendant, on being sworn stated that she told the inspector she bought two pairs of sheets and two quilts. She had not neg- lected the children. They had got notice to leave the house through this case.—Cross-examined by Mr. Knowles: Her husband was earning £1 and a boy 6s per:week. It never occurred to her to go to the reliev- ing officer for a doctor's note. She was too proud to do that. Dr. Barton did not speak kindly to her. Witness did not take beer.—Mr. Knowles : Is not your husband a regular whiskey drinker ?—Witness : No, he may have a little. He worked at Frodsham for Miss Andrews. —Sergeant Browne said the husband drank at the week-end. He saw him on one occasion going home at 11.50 p.m. ins drunken state. For the last two or three months be bad been at heme every night. After viewing the child Thomas's leg the Chairman said they were convinced that the ease had been made out. The defendants appeared to bevelled every chance, and it was non the first time they had been there. The defend nt, Samuel Grindley, would be sent to prison for one month with hard laheur, and Mary Ann Grind- ley would have to go for three months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
212 209 A majority of three for Warrington. THE FILEsMITHS' STRIKE AT WAR RINGTON.

AN ABORTIVE ATTENIPT AT SE TTLEMEN T.

We give below copies of letters which have passed between Messrs. Stubs, Limited, and the Secretary of the Filesmiths' Strike Committee. It will be seen that the firm declined to discuss the situation with the strike committee, but expressed their eadiness to receive a deputation consisting of their own men. A conference was arranged,and to9l4lace last Saturday, week, but unfortunately no agree- ment was arrived at. The representatives of the firm, we understand, refused to make any conces- sions whatever, and expressed their determination not to give way. The men on the other hand are' equally determined not to return .to work under the old conditions, which they contend, do not permit of a living wage being earned. They are however, quite willing to submit their case to arbi- tration or comply with any other means which may be devised with the object of bringing the dispute to a conclusion, satisfact n'y to both parties. The men are now receiving strike pay weekly, and a great number of contributions have been received from various trade organisations. A strong appeal has been made on behalf of the filesmiths to rail- way workers 'oy the "Railway Review" under the heading" Help the Fighting Filesmitbs." The correspondence referred to is as follows : " Filesmiths' Association. 22, Cartwright-street, Warrington, August 2, 1899. Re Strike.—Messrs. Stubs, Limited, Gentlemen. It having come to our knowledge that you are desirous of receiving a deputation in connection with the unfortunate dis- pute now existing between us, I am directed . to inform you that the Committee who are conducting the strike would have no objection to meet you in conference, so that a settlement could be arrived at satisfactory to all concerned. Yours obediently JAMES BATTERSBY, secretary." The followitu reply was received :—"Warrington August 3rd, 1899, Mr. James Battersby, secretary, Filesmith's Association, 22, Cartwright-street War- rington, Sir,—We are in receipt of your letter of yesterday in which you say that you'are directed to inform us that the committee who are conducting the strike would have no objection to meet us in conference so that a settlement could be arrived at satisfactory to all concerned ' In reply we are al- ways willing to go into any matter needing discus- :ion with our own men and are ready to receive a deputation from them, but must decline to discuss matters with a committee of any but our own men. Yours truly, Peter Stubs, Limited, F. A. Frost, managing director.' A deputation of Nfesers Stub's men waited upon ropresentatives of the firm at eleven o'clock last Saturday week: with the result already stated.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing.— See Illustrated Guid 259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists Outfitting Co, 186, Ruston-road ondosi, Hairdressers fitted.—Manager. H. Minces. Advt. _ The proprietors of the Royal:Oak Soap Works tender theli apologies to their patrons for any inconveniene.e that may have been felt in getting their Coupons for free Taoicts of Britannia Herb Soap exchanged. This has been due to the excessive call for these Tablets awl tha makers beg to Intimate that they have now very considerably increased their plant in this department to cope with the growing demand so that no further delay will be experience-I. They ake this opportunity of mentioning that they have now introduced a best Pink Carbolic Soap under the brand " Giant Oak " with which the free tablets of Herb Soap are given same as wirh the Royal Oak. liverybody should use hese high class soaps.—Advt. CYCLES. Premiers, £lO 103 Excelsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids, £l5 103 Od. Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INT.E REST fNG LICENSING CASE AT WARRINGTON.

THE LICENSEE OF THE WHITE BULL REFUSES

TO LEAVE A very interesting licensing application was made to the borough magistrates on Monday morning, \lr. F. Monks (in the chair). Mr. Browne, OR behalf of Messrs. Greenali, Whitley and Company, applied for temporary authority to be granted to Thomas Edward Brumbell, to sell at the White Bull, Horse narket-street now kept by Mrs. Anne Balshaw. He said he understood that the application was to be opposed, and he would, therefore, defer what he had to say until he heard what Mr. RoloPrts had to urge.

Mr. F. R. Rob rr..ts said he appeared on behalf of Mrs. Balshaw. the present licensee, ta object to temporary authority being granted, as his client was still the holder of the license, and three months had yet to run. Until Messrs. Greonall and Whitley had come to some arrangement with her she declined to go out. He sug- gested that the came should b 3 adjourned for a week, although he did not know whether the Bench had power to order that to be done. _ _

Alderman Sutton : Are the parties here ? M. Roberts replied that Mrs. B ashaw was absent, as she had been forbidden by her doctor to attend. The interests of his client would be jeopardised if she gave up possession of the property, and they did not know what position they would be in. Mr. Browne said he had been instructed by Mr. Down personally to say that Mrs. Balshaw would be treated in the most liberal manner if she wonld go out. If, however, she did not do so, a writ of ejectment would be applied for on the following day. Messrs. Greenall and Company had been compelled to gve her notice although she had lo,±en in the house 23 years. They had come to Court very reluctantly to apply for temporary authority. The question of monetary matters was one for a civil court. Tney were prepared to take over the spirits and stock, and pay for all trade fixtures. Mr. Robnts thought that some slight misunderstand- ing existed, as three months had yet to run. Mrs. Bal- shaw was entitled to hold the license for a further three months. They were not trying the question ot agree- ment in that Court.

Alderman Sutton: If the covenants are broken the agreement will came altogether. What i 3 the use of retaining the license? Mr. Browne: Messrs. Greenall do not give notice without a cause.

Mr. RoberLs : My client is still the licensee,and there are three months to run. She has not been able to come to terms with Messrs. Greenall, and she, therefore, obj•cts to abandon the licenss. Councillor Snaw Green : Who is now in posses 310 n of the license? _ _

Mr. Raberts : Mrs. Btlshaw. The question of eject- ment is one for another court. You cannot take away the license unless you object to her character. The Chairmtn : I fancy Messrs. Greens.ll and Com- pany have some reason for giving her notice. Mr. Browne : It will pay Mrs. BAMaw far better to do as we wish, becauss we are not bound to buy the spirits and stock or fixtures. She can take them out. Councillor Shaw Green : Adjourn the ease for an hour.

Mr. Roblrts : We must have an undertaking in wri ting. Mr. Browne We won't give one. If Mr. Down's word is not go xi, nothing is god. We have offered a very handsome and reasonable sum. She is claiming for what happened 23 years ago, belor3 we were the awners, and when the house belonged to the late Mr. Alderman Thpherd. We don't know whether it is a right or just claim. We have instructed Mr. Owen to Valll9 the fixtures.

_ Mr. Roberts : I dispute that statement utterly. Why should Messrs. Greenall and Company objmt to give us a statement in writing? The Chairman : We don't want to go into that m atter in open court, and we suggest, therefore, that you should endeavour to come to some arrangement. It will be well for Mr. Roberts to give consideration to the matter.

Mr. Roberts : We don't know all the facts. The Chairman : If it is necessary for us to go into ;hem we will do so. Mr. Roberti: You cannot do so.

The Chairman: lam sure you (Mr. Roberts) will be consulting the interests of your client by a further con- ference with Mr. Browne.

The parties then left the Court for a consultation, and on their return in abut three-quarters of an hour. Mr. Browne said : Terms have been arrived at. We have simply undertaken to do what we did on Saturday, and, therefore, I apply for temporary authority. caMr. R )berts : And I withdraw the apposition, be- use we have an undertaking in writing and are quite satisfied. The application was then ranted. CLOG DA.NOING.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY CEIAMPION INFERVIEWED.

IN Durham many years ago, resided a youth named George Temperley, celebrated tor his clever exhibitions in clog-dancing. At six yoars of age he was the Cham- pion Boy Clog-Dancer, and his exhibitions graatly de- lighted the miners. At the age of sixteen he went to sea. In March of the present year he arrived at Ushaw Moor, a village a few miles from Durham city, whore his father ably discharges the duties of landlord of the Flass Inn, a popular resort for miners. It was here that a representative of the 6' Durham Chronicle " found him and the story he related was, to say the least, remark- able. _

Mr. George Temperley, now a young man of 24 years of age, said, "As a youth I was robust and healthy, and until I was sixteen years of age ailed very little. Then my troubles began, and since then I have never been toe same. At that time I determined to become a sea-going engineer. On my return journey trom Balti- more to Bristol the weather was very rough indeed, and owing to being wet through and sleeping in my wet clothes, I caught rheumatic fever. The next voyage we were bound for Marseilles, but on arriving there I was compelled to leave the ship and return home. I was then very ill, and could not walk about. I was also suffering severely from eczema." Continuing, Mr. George Temperley said that he is 50 per cent, better now than he was in March. " And to what do you attribute your cure ?" queried the " Durham Chronicle " man. _ _

"To Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for pale people. Since I started to take them in March I have gone on improv- ing,. and now lam almost recovered from eczema ; as for the rhematism, it has now left me entirely." Migs Jennie Temperley, sister to Mr. George Temper- ley, then araciously consented to add her testimony to the gool that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills bad wroug,bt in her own case.

Miss Temperley said, " My father read in the news- papers aboit the wonderful cures that had been effected by Dr. Williams' pink pills, and proposed that we should give them a trial. Accordingly three months aga I commenced to take the pills. I had been suffering from anemia for a long time past, and nothing seamed to do me any good. " When I had taken three boxes of Dr. Williams' pink pills, however, I felt my strength coming back gradu- ally, and very soon after, I felt quite different alto- gether, and I attribute my recovery entirely to Dr. Williams' pink pills." Acting, as they do, upon the blood, it is natural that in Dr. Williams' pink pills should be found a remedy both for ante aria, eczema, rheumatism, and the other diseases which arise trim one form or another of im- poverished blood. Rheumatic fever,liks influenz a,almost always leaves some other disorder b9hinl it—toe often heart weakness. Dr. Williams' pink pills, by their strengthening Kfect on the nPrvea and their unique power of enriching the blood, fortify the system against attack by disease. Tway are unrivalled as a tonic, and as a remedy for the debiliting of hot relaxing summer weather. They have cured many other ailments—de- bility, St. Vitus' dance, comsumption, and paralysis. They may be obtained post free at two shillings and ninepence a box, or thirteen and nine for six boxes, from Dr.Williams' Medicine Company,Elolborn Viaduct, London.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEILTII

OF WARRINGTON.

Week Ending August 9th, 1899. During the week the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 43 23

The excess of births ever deaths was 20. The Birth Rate was equal to 349 per 1,000. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 17.1 per 1,000, against 16.05 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 19.8 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 7.2 per 1,000. against 3'4 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks, and against 2.4 the corresponding period of 1898. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 7 8 1 5 2 23 The deaths included 2 from scarlet fever, 4 from measles, 1 from whooping cough, 2 from diarrhcera, 2 from phthisie. 2 bronchitis, pneumonia etc., 10 from all other causes. Toe following cases of Infectious Disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 8 cases, enteric 2 cases, erysipelas 2 cases. Total number of patients in hospital week ending sth August, 1899. 46. MMEOPOLOGY—Tho mean temperature was 65.7 Fah. and therefore 53 lighter than preceding week. The maximum temperature 86 F., was recorded on the Ist inst., and the Minirr.Uin temperature 52 F., on the Ist inst. The Rainfall measured nil inch. The general direc- tion was S.E. the reading of the Anernometn. denoting —miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS' CONVENTION.

The half-yearly meeting of the No 1. Convention, S.W. Lancashire Good Templars, was held in the Cave Irown Institute. Ashton, on Saturday. The meeting opened at 3.49 p.m., Bro John Vint, C Co., presiding. There was a good attendance of officers and representatives from lodges at Warrington, Earlestown, Sutton, St. Helens, Elaydock, Ashton, Wigan, Hindley, Leigh, &c. Bro W E*atts, P.D. A.Sec. of Liverpool, was heartily received. Bros J Woods and P Bentham were appointed to report on credentials, and a good selection was made for re- porting to the press the proceedings of the Con- vention. Bro E Newman, C Sec., reported on the numerical position of the lodges in the convention area, which showed a slight decrease. The lodges generally were carrying on active outdoor mission work ; especially St. Helens, Earlestown, Ashton, Wigan, &c. Bro George Clarke, C Treasurer,showed a satisfactory balance in hand. Sister Mrs Wools, C.S.J.T., gave a most encouraging report, on the juvenile temples which indicated general activity. She had visited every temple in the area during her term of office, and the figures gave 573 members in , nine temples, increase 47 on the quarter. Electoral matters received particular atten- tion and consideration ; it was reported that active opposition was being arranged for in various parts of the area, to applications for new licenses at coming Brewster Sessions, The election af officers next took place, resulting as follows : C.C.T., Bro A Francis, St. Helens; C. Co., Bro John Vint, Ashton; C.S.J.T. Sister Mrs Woods, Earlestown; C.E. Superintendent Bro. Turner, St. Helens; C V.T. Sister Mrs "Vint, Ashton; C. Sec., Bro. E. Newman, Earlestown; C. Chap. Bro. Rev T E Stead ; Brvnn ; C. Mar, Bros. Joseph Sheath, Warriegton ; P.C.C.T., Bro J W Roberts, Warrington. The next monthly Session was fixed for Widnes on September 9. Bro Evans, of Liver- pool, and several othera gave short encouraging addresses. Thenks to Bro Evans, and to the Ash- ton brethren for their arrangements closed the Ses- sion about 5.45, when a well-attended public tea was done full justice to. An open air meeting was held afterwards near Ashton Church. Bra A Francis, P.D.S.J.T. presided over an exellent audi- ence, which manifested a deep interest in the variOtt9 itams. Earnest addresses were given by Bro Rev T E Stead, C.. Chap, Bro George Clarke, D.E.S., Bro J Woods, L.D., and Bro Evans, who also rendered a temperance melody very accept ibly. Songs, recitations, &c., were given by members of the Juvenile Temple. A successful session was brought to a close about 9 p.m.

The Light Wines of Germany, so appreciited in the Summer Season, are in favour with the Medical Profe”ion. Zeller," from the Moselle district, is a wine light and palatable, and guaranteed absolutely pure. At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally considered to ba of wonderful value. It can be obtained of all W. &A. GIL.REY'S 3,000 Agents throughout the country.—Add. BEST BOOTS ronIALL. UNDER THE CLOCK. Advt. ASK. or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—ildet ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS —Advt. SECOND HAND CYCLES, LARGE QUANTITY for SALE or HIRE.—J, S. GARLAND. Bridge-street. War- rington,—Advt, CYCLllS,—Special Ladies and Gents Machines at £7 15s. See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington. BE sure and TRY ONE of J. BAYLEY ISAAC'S PORK PIES. They are a luxury. —Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK 1,3 R BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK - GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. J. BAYLEY ISAAC pays SP ial Care to the Quality and Cleanliness of Goods he MP •--Advt.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
d d -.o' .0' dddddd do 4IP' d d d -41," d -I' d

C-4P. -I' 4P-4P

I

‘..#.4.-,&-&-41P-4P--41',4P'4P•

••--••,•-#4

FIVE YEARS' WRITTEN GUARANTEE. WHY PAY £4 or £5 for a GOLD ALBERT,

When you can buy from tb

ANGLO-AMERICAN GOLD COMPANY,

•-•-•••••• THE DEBT -

ISCT. GOLD CASED ALBERT FOR 4/6

With five years' guarantee. GENT'S CURB ALBERT 4s. 6d. GENT'S DOUBLE ALBERT, ss. 6d. LADY'S ALBERT (with tassel), 4s. 61. All goods sent post free. FORM OF GUARANTEE. . not to discolor and to keep its appearance for fire years

We _ .ntee the Albert Chain No: or a new one will be willingly given. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE UNITED KINGDOM:

...—.o.—. r. ..: . '. •. . .. .. . . , • , hereby guarar

SOLD BY AGENTS EVERYWHERE. § 41. I § Illh , r § § I § § .1 4. S S , 4 S 41 SEE SIGNATURE & REGISTERED TRADE.-MARK § ON EVERY PACKET, ### # # # ••• •e . 4111. -41' -

===== 0002601_18990818_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANGLO-AMERICAN GOLD COMPANY., 50, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

WARRINGTON.

PERSONAL.

It appears from a statement which has been pre- pared of the votes and attendances of Lancashire members of Parliament, that Mr. It. Pierpoint, M.P., is eredited with the high figures of 202. There were only seven other Lancashire members who made more attendances. THE VOTERS' LISTS.

The list of voters has now been issued and copies will be found attached to the doors of places of worship in the town. All Liberals are requested to examine the lists for themselves and see if their names are included. In case of mis-description of name, place of abode, or qualification they should at once see Mr. Clayton at the Liberal Club. All lodgers occupying rooms of the value of £lO and upwards since the 15th of July last year are eutitled to a vote. It is important that the lists should be as accurate as possible especially in view of the possibility of a general election next year. PICNIC TO PICKNIERS LAKE. _ _ _

On Saturday, Mr. W. Brough's Society Class had their annual outing to the above place in beauti- fully fine weather. No fewer than 86 members and 15 invited friends took advantage of the fine day and enjoyed a splendid drive. The party left Sankey Bridges at 1.30 p.m. arriving at Pickmera at 3.40. Tea was got ready at once and Mr.Brough's hospitality was greatly appreciated. After tea, the members and friends made their way to the large lake and enjoyed themselves by rowing in the boats. Eight o'clock being the time appointed to start back, Lhe members met at Mrs. Riley's house were tea had been provided. After a pleasant journey Sankey Bridges was reached about 10.15, all feeling very grateful to Mr. W. Broligh for his kindness towards them. ALLEGED PUBLIC-HOTISE THEFT.

Before the -Mayor (Alderman Wareing) and Alderman Sadler, at the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, Catherine Matthews, of no fixed aboad, was charged with stealing between 7.30 and 9 o'clock, on the evening of the sth August, a pair of trousers and a shirt, belonging to Thomas Drury. The Cbief Constable said Drury was a farm labourer at Penketh. He redeemed the articles on the night in question from Bred's pawnshop, in Waterloo-road. He afterwards went to the Britannia Inn to have a drink. Re there met prisoner, onc. after a few words went out, leaving the package on the farm. On his return be found both the woman and the articles missing. He went back to the shop, and told the manager of what had happened. About nine o'clock prisoner went to the pawnshop, and asked 3s. 61. on the articles. The manager's sus- picion being aroused, he made inquiries, and the police were sent for, and the woman given into the custody of Police-constable Falkingham. When charged, she had nothing to say. Prisoner was committed to the next Liverpool County Inter- mediate Sessions. FIRE IN BACK DALLIM-LANE. On Saturday night, about eight o'clock Mr. It. Wood, 57,- Bewsey-street, noticed smoke issuing from the roof of a cabinet workshop tenanted by Messrs. Regenbogen, in Back Dallam-lane. Being apprehensive that the place was on fire, he called to a neighbour and proceeded to the spot. By this time the smoke was coming through the slates in greater volume, and looking through the keyhole the flooring was seen to be on fire. A lurry from the forge passing at the moment, an iron crowbar was procured and the door was forcibly opened. Meanwhile information was sent to the occupiers. When an entrance was effected dense volumes of smoke issued forth from the flooring and woodwork appertaining to the trade, which was on fire. Buckets of water were speedily procured and the flames extinguished. The place adjoining is utilized as a store room for paper, and had it not been for the promptitude displayed by Mr. Wood a serious conflagration would have resulted. The cause of the fire is unknown. THE SILT TRADE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM. 'llls official returns of the salt dealt with by all the centres of the kingdom disclose the fact that during July there was a falling off in coastwise and export shipments of 2412 tons. The total quantity shipped was 90,347 tons, of which Liver- pool had the advantage of 47,274 tons, and Run- , corn, Weston, and the Manchester Ship Canal 10,852 tons. The Mersev city despatched 12,905 tons in excess of July, 1898, but the other Mersey ports were depressed to the extent of 8790 tons. Liverpool's improvement was due to increased de- mands from Asia and the United States, while thl!, falling off at Runcorn and the Manchester Ship Canal resulted in a lesser demand from Scotland and a reduction in the trade with British North America to the extent of 3000 tons. With the exception of Fleetwood,which has lost 3650 tons, and Middles- borough, 3476 tons, the ether districts have been normal. So far this year 619,113 tons of salt have been shipped, this being• 6280 in advance of the same months of 1898. Have you seen the NEW PORK SHOP that J. BATLEY ISAAC has opened in Horsemarket-street.—Advt A WARRINGTON MIN FOUND DROWNED.— INQUEST.

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inqusst at the Borough Police Station,on Saturday after- noon. on the body of Frederick William Fox, who was found in the river Mer6ey,near Bishop's Wharf, on Friday morning.—James Fox, 130, 13attersby- lane, Warrington, a goods guard, in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company. identified the deceased as his son by the clothing. Deceased had on a belt known as a cholera belt which he wore when he was in the army, and wit- ness saw deceased's nucr ber on the belt. Recently the deceased finished his time with the Grenadier guards, having served three years. He was a labourer, 21 years of age, and he lived with them. He saw him last on Bank Holiday about Inoon. He could not believe he had taken his life, or that there had been any foul play, as he wee well known and respected in Warrington. He had a good situation to go to.—lnspector Phillips said deceased came to him about three weeks ago, and asked for a situation in the police force.—Thomas Curtis, 15, Orchard-street, stated that on Monday evening he took deceased towards home, but when they were near the Manx Arms he said he would go by himself the rest of the way, and he went on. Deceased had had some drink.—A crane driver at the Bishop's Wharf named Joseph Mercer, said he saw the body of the deceased in the river near the wharf on Friday morning, and information was given to the police.—A verdict oi"Found drowned" was returned.

DR. scups PILLS

Contain the finest drugs that can be procured

DR Scxrs PILLS

Cure S le —Headaches and Nervous tlepress'en.

DRscum PILLS .

Ind eetion ad Restore the Appetite.

DR. SCOTT s PILL

Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System.

DR. scoTrs piL LS

The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Bleod Purified DR. SCOTT'S PILLS

Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or:cold. DR. scums PILLS

Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOI:7R PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OF THE MERSEY,

AND AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS RUDGB WHITWORTH, TRIUMPH, LEA. FRANCIS, TOWNEND, AND

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. . WE HAVE IN STOCK A QUANTITY OP

SLIOP SOILED AND

_ SECOND HAND BICYCLES WHICH WILL BH SOLD AT RBDUCHD PRICES

SOLE MAKERS OF THE ELEGANT CYCLE STAND "ALLEN'S PATENT."

A BICYCLE FOR 2s.

GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-OPERATIVE COUPON SYSTEM, Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, also stamped directed envelope for full particulars and rules of our new system whereby you can obtain a nigh Grade Lady or Gent's Bicycle for the ridiculous sum of 2s. No catchpenny but a genuine business transaction. THE SYREN CYCLE CO., 101, SIIITHDOWN-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

01:1B CfIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILIUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN. both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS.

OUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD.. 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in - _ -

CLOCKS, JEWELLERY:AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. I WARRINGTON,

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES, FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, Sm. FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE Ns. 169. BRAN( II OFFICE: 24, HORSE NIARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATIISIDE, WARRINGTON.

,JAMES _ TOOLE,

LICENSED HOE-SE_LAUGHTERER: ALLBN-STRBET

WARRINGTON. - (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.)

The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and WOrn-out horses, oows. ,to. removedanT distance up to 15 miles on

the ehorleet notice.

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on band, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the distrltt. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION.

SCRAP IRON, METAL, and connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAND, LONGFORD.

ALL ATARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROU

AND FREE FROM CARES - - -

INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FREE on Hereipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A PROXINENT PROFESSOR

WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO.. 15, SCHOOL-LANB, LIVBRPOOL.

BOWLS.

BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS.

BOWLS

===== 0002601_18990818_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSEPH DARLINGTON

the noted old Bowl Turner, invites the inspection of his goat selection of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignum.• vitae, and made strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS. &c.

MINIMAL WOOD AND IVORY TURNER.

12, 14, & 16, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL&

Established 1826.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„,

===== 0002601_18990818_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ _ ( 7:a „

===== 0002601_18990818_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
• ; • otv Nry,.-r4lifie-kfts -

===== 0002601_18990818_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt 44 Oramtiter" trtes 01 LAIC AMIE AND CECE9HIBE COUNTY NRWBPYPERt3:

Comprises

Taz Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Soiled every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. _ _

TRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday I afternoon. THE Buntorn Esc:mbar, published every Friday morning, TILE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday K. morning%

===== 0002601_18990818_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
P 'MAID ADTHRTISBMB3TS.

SI/TUITIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO DE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PA.STNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY ~ WANTED, 'SPECIFIC ARTICLES POR SALE BY PRIYATE CONTRACT

ItißciELLANsotra W Arra. iir:ollnr.B AND OMER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLD. One

Three

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os M ... le Ed ... 2s Od 27 . .............. Os 81 ... is led ... 3s Od 36 ...... ......... ls Od ... Zs 64 ... 4s Od lb ..,.. .......... ls Ed ... 36 Id ... 6s Od ....., ........... I. 6d ... ds 8d ... 6s 041

laomtstir goerbantss sct.

TVANTED, young GENERfi'L SERVANT.—Mrs. ISZ.:DTT, 29, Stanler,street, Cheetarn, Manch( TN/ANTED 'EXPICIRITINCEID NUMB. 'for young 'baby. Also reliable trustworthy Cook. Good references re- „cuired.—Address Mrs. TEIVzoa WOOD, The Oakenrod, Roch- dale.

,exter

WANTED, a good COqK.—Apply Mrs. SlsCPsicli , Elm- hurst. aarstang.

WANTED at once. superior GENEHAL ; ccnntry girl prefer:ed.-113, Sd.mi-Roen, Waterloo.

WANTED, strong TUIL, about 16; from country pre- ferred ; two ha fanally.-97, FITzWAILVEN-STRZET, Fee:Vey, Manchester.

_ WANTED,-a, good GENERALIor a eountry,public-house. age 20 to 30 ; at widow not objected to; no washing. --Apply .by letter, X.C.. Foot OfEce. Frodsharn.

WANTED COOK.GR'NBRAL ; four in family ; age 19 tc 22 ;wages £l4-215 ; washing ; bousemsid kept.--ltra 'O'Buizs. Bosley Vier.rage, Macclesfield, Cheshire.

- -__l----- WA.NTED, for ltainhill, a good plain COOK; able to -srash ; good references necessary.—Apply Mrs. ARTIIITE BREWts, Bccieston Grange, Rear Prescot. -- - WANTBD good GI-BNIMAL at once small family ; good home ; state wages required ; (permanent situation). Mrs. PiiNDLE, Westoourne-road, Ramsey , Isle of Man.

WANTBD, two tall, superior SHaVANTS, about 20 ; one Parlour and Housemaid, other part house and kitchen -"said ; two friends preferred.--Miss SIMPSON, 5, Plymouth Grove. ManA3estet_::

IUrA.LB and F t4e4ALR NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- .ol street, .uverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliaLle Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr Iph.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTBD, GBNERAL SBRVANT ; age about 24 ; good wages given to good servant.—Mrs. WIEWZLDON, Dr:nkwater Park Farm, Prestwich, Manchester.

WANTS% good GBNBRAL [SERVANT; •refereace required ; state age and wages.—Hrs. Wcopito US 2, •EB, Horton-road, Bradford. WANTS% GBNBRAL SBRVANT ; no wing.—J. TRAirra, Rarn'stlead, Haydock.

WANTED, good Plain COOK ; 2 in family .; -part wash- gf lug ; housernAld kept.—Miss QOLDIMORP, Green Yount, Cleekheaton. _

WANTHD. plain COOK at once; or OoOlt General.— Apply stating wages, references, and age, Mrs. H. e Shrewsbury. TSURSBY, Leasowes, Oressag,

WANTED, good strong GIRL not over 18. as General in small beerbouse. suburbs Manchester. good references required ; good hame and wages; no children.-65, CHEXT- -110•D-LANS. Cheetwood. Manchester.

WIDOWBE, with small family, in good work, age 40, wants a good housekeeper, view matrimony. Roman Catholic— Address 18, QUEEN VICTORIA-6TREZT, Mill Kill, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel).

BIRMINGBAM GOODS. Bverything. Wholesale Book free (Canv ,ssei's Catalogues 1s). Agents wanted.- -Apply HEIIIIY WA', Factor. Birmingham.

EIOOA YEAR. and Free Residence in Jersey (if desired). Lady or gentleman with small capital.-203.• ORFORD-STREET, Manchester.

NAVVIES, PLATELAYERS WANTED. good wages to good men ; huts —JOSEPH PHILLIPS Atm Co., Gifford and Garvauld Railway, Ormiston, Scotland.

TOBACCONISTS Comrnencing.—See Illd. Guide (259 1_ pages) Sd. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co,, 146, Eußton-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr.H. MYERB.

WANTED, for ROYAL NAVY, Boys-, Youths, Engine- room Artificers. Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Coopers, Paio.ters, shipwrights and Royal ;Marirp.s.—For particulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal 3larines,2s9.Liverpool- road, Warringten.

LADIES Olt GENTLEMEN in responsible poaitions WANTICD to take up good paying Agency; will net interferewith present employment. Give full par • ticulars as to where employed ac.—T. OWEA AND Co., 3, Falkland Avenue, Salford.

4,2ANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS.—SaIariea 2100 to £251 0 numerous vacancies ; permanen, appointinents ; Specia Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester IA other exams. ; previous experience unnece3sary ; over 00 successful candidates.—Apply RWJETZT MUSIIENS, Science Taaelter, Sunderland,

===== 0002601_18990818_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
DR..DE.ROO'S

DANGOR, Nora:. Wales.—Oomfortable APARTMENTS, I/ bath, Victoria Par.li. &-e• Itigheert pirt ot city.—Mrs. HODGINS, 8,

TAntILAS.--Misses ATHERTON, Rookwood, 12, Derby square, two minutes from promenade, beds 2s ;fuli board 5s pc,r day.

LLANDU D o.—Well-Furnished and Comfortable APART- MENTS; good attendance; terms moderate.—Miss WHITE, Curzon House. Crag-y-don.

Ea bt Ett.

_ COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumstism, Weakness across the Loins. Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed obe nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. ltd. and 28. 9d.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holiord House, Holferd-square, London, W.C.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can oc thcrroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH 16801131314 or BLECTEtICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your sdvertisernent at, first, I should have saved many pounds . G. F.M. I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- lectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J.LEran. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street Londom, -end at once and be cnred. 12 Years Continuous Success.

LADIES! LADIES 1

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai-,ts. has much p'easure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT IdIiDICINE is, he only nositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every

ease. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convineing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of 21,000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, 50, Braclgate-road. Catford, LondoT, S.B.

J. WALKER & Co

COMMERCIAL AND

ARTISTIC PRINTERS.

MODERN METHODS.

MODERN PLANT.

LOW EST PRICES.

QUICK DESPATCH,

AND GOOD PRINTING.

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Sin Sheet sft. 3in. by 3ft. 91n. Ter I. kRGEST IN TICE DISTRICT. A MONSilatt PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the " LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MA NIMOTH POSTE it S. POSTI&R MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOT t-I POSTERS. - MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

cOurat tun.

ENVELOPES FROM

2S. PER 1 000 1 •

THE . "EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

••

j'iseles .Ittriton.

gotorko, iSoittolsto, ttr.

e%llO, tioultrp, z?cr.

H ART.LEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 2029 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED FOR THE

'WAREHOUSING AND DISPOSAL OF FURNITURE Or any other kind of Property. ¶el. No. 2002" Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturdays 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE AND HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, coßsisting chiefly ef GENUINE SECOND-HAND ARTICLES

Consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very best quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing and repute and now offered for sale at most moderate prices, EXTREME LOWNESS OF PRICE having always been THE SPECIAL FEATURE of our business.

Being also auctioneers we have unrivalled opportunities for securing bargains. an 1 are thus in a position to give our customers

EXCEPTIONAL ADVANTAGES. Not obtainable elsewhere.

WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and inspect out Stock, even if you do not happen to intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pested to buy, as in other places ; but people of cornmoneense will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS—NETT CASH ON 011 i,EFORE DELIVERY.

If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free of charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable deposit. UPRIGHT CONCHRT GRAND, by R. Barthol, Berlin, magnificent instrument of powerful and sonorous tone, enclosed in natural rosewoid case, with marqueteril panel ; the list price of this instrument is 70 guineas ; now offered for half that amount, as it must be sold before Aulust 10, in order to close the estate. Anyone requiring a really hi/h class piano will find in this a special bargain, and can have every confidence as to reliability, the piano being sold under the maker's guarantee, coupled with our own. Con- signment No. ;Ai& Price 35 guineas.

HIGH-CLASS COTTAGE PIANO by the famous makers, Eberhardt and Co., of exquisite tone and touch, and having all most recent improvements,enclosed in choice burr walnut case, with beautitully inlaid panel front ; altogether an especially fine little instrument. Was purchased less than three months ago for £3B cash. Price now £24. Hartley's. 202, London-road.

COTTAGE PIANOFORTH, by Van Gruisen, a thoroughly sound instrument of the most moslern type, enclosed in burr walnut case, nearly new. Cost 35 guineas ; price mow £l6 10s.—flartley's. 202, London-rovi.

riARPETS.—SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY.—Bankrupt Stock VI of Carpets. just purchased from the trustees at an extremely low figure, enabling us to offer unequalled value in if kinds of carpets and rugs, velvet pile, Axminster, Wilton, Brussels. tapestry. Ix., made up into bordered squares of Nrious dimensions ; grand range of patterns. Also a large number of Hearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting.— Hartley's, 202, London-road.

IVF AGNIFICENT ROLL-TOP DESK of an entirely AL unique pattern, made from solid brown oak acid ef massive construction, having all the usual fittings, in addition to which the pedestals revolve outwards, disclosing interior shelves and cabinets. This will be found to be an exceedingly commodious and convenient desk. Prise £2O cost £35. No. 54:5.—Hartley's, 202, London-road.

PRESENTATION CABINET of Cutlery and Electro-Plate by F. Wood, Sheffield. A three-tier Cabinet in polished oak, with folding doors and heavy brass handles, the contents comprising one dozen each table and dessert knives two pairs carvers and steel, one dozen each large and small forks, half a dozen table spoons, one dozen desserts, one dozen tea and half a dozen egg spoons, large and small ladles, sugar tongs, pickle fork, jam spoons, butter knives, knife rests, serviette rings, and several other pieces, all best electro plate, and have never been used, being a wedding present to late owner. Cost £2O guineas ; price now £lO 17s 6d. No. 542.3.—HartIcy's, 292, Losadon-rd.

itOSEWOOD SETTEE, with armchair and lady's chair to match, hair stuffed and covered in figured blue plush ; £1 lOs ; originally cost £2O. Two Folding Chairs,upholstered to accord; 123 6d each. Rosewood MUSIC CABINET to match ; only 30s ; cost £4

USIC CABINET, inlaid rosewood, with glazed door, LTI surmounted by shelf tmck with mirror panel inset. £1 15s ; cost £6 10. No 5319

lARAWING-ROOM CABINET, Louis XVI style, in dark ▪ mahogany, of best style and finish. £l5; cost 30 guineas. No 5154—Hartley's, 203, London-road. DRAWING ROOM CABINET, most fashionable style,2l2. No 5367—Hartley's, 202, London-road. J)RAWING-ROOM CABINET, very pretty design. £lO 12s 6d No 5265—Hartley's 202. London-road. TARAWING-ROONI CABINET, bow front. £6ss No 4949. • Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, latest style. £6 15. No. 5364—Hartley's, 202. London-road. GILT CLOCK and Pair Side Ornaments, with hand- painted china panels, under glass shades. Only £2 10s the set: No 5190—Hartley's, 202, London-road. •

VIRST-CLASS DIVAN SUITE; six single chairs, two 12 lounge chairs and divan couch, with good walnut frames. upholstered in saddlebags and old gold plush. Price £l3 17a 61 worth 20 guineas. No. 5292.

‘‘TALNIIT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most approved style, upholstered in rich Genoa velvet ; only £6 2s Gd; No. 5469. Another excellent Suite, in green velvet ; RS ; No. 5468.—Hartley's. 202, London-road.

DRAWING ROOM SUITE Of Louis XV-.-s.tyle, with finel cary,d frames of dark mahogany, hair stuffed, and covered in old gold silk tapestry, with plush borders ; condi- tion as new. Price £22 10s. No. 5087.—Hartley's. QUPERB DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with carved frames ebouised on rosewood upholstered in the choicest, flowered silk tapestry, and undoubtedly a suite of the very best class obtainable, having been purchased from a West End London firm for 43 guineas. Having ly.,en taken great care of, it is little worse than new. Price £24, No, 5266. Hartley's, 202, London-road,

SMALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD. neatly designed,and. of exceptioaally good finish. £4 10s. No. 5281. A FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with mirror back, £3 Is No 59.85.--Hartley's, 202, London-road. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front elaborately carveol and surmounted by mirror-panelled canopy back. 15s ; cost £l2 15s recently.

FT. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design and best finish. £8 ; cost £1 4. No. 5380. sft. Walnut Sideboard £7.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. ,

6FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD witn bow front and mirror- panelled canopy back. Only £l2 ; cost £25. No. 5918. Hartley's, 202, London-road.

an. BROWN OAK SIDRBOARD of hlgh-class workman- Li ship and design, finely carved and having lofty and imposing mirror hack. £l7 108 ; cost £35. No• 4831. Hartley's, 202, London road.

NOBLII SIDEBOARD. 61t. wide and Bft. 61n. high. In solid walnut, lined throughout with mahogany and of very superior style and finish, having been designed and made specially to order tor the diningroorn of local shipowner's residence at a cost of £45. Now to be Bold at half cost, £22 10s. No. 5572.

IirALNUT DINING-1200M SUITE. covered in leather cloth. well made and well upholstered, a good,reliable suite. £4 12s 6d ; worth £7 10s.

WALNUT SUITE, upholstered in rich looking saddle bags of splendid quality ; suitable for either parlour or dining room. £9 10s. No. 5840.

ATERY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely V finished brown oak frames of artistic design,uphol9tered in dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll 153 ; cost £2l 10s. No. 3947.

EXCHILENT WALNUT SUITE, with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush, ZS 10s. Walnut Suite, with padded backs, in crimson plush, £6 10s.

WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE of admirable work- manehlp and design, upholstered in real skins. £ll 76 6d. No. 4909. Hartley's, 202, London-road.

WC SPOONBACK DINING ROOM SUITE, with very h-,avy frames of uncommon design, upholstered in fine grain morocoos. £l7 10e c)st £3O a short time ago. No. 5262.—Hartley's 202, London-road. Tpl EDROONI SUITES.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- ", CLASS SUITES. including— DARK WALNUT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s- No. 5275.

DARK WALNUT SUITE, handsomPly carved. £lO 10s. No. 5488.

SATIN WALNUT SUITE. solid throughout and of most attractive design. ...£l3 10s. No. 5490. _

_ BROWN OAK SUM, very substantial. £ll 10s. No. 4417.

HIGH CLASS SUITE in Satinwcod. £l7 109. No. 4787. FASHIONABLE SOITE in Italian Walnut, with burr panels. £l6 10s. No. 5892.

ATERY CHOICE SHERATON SUITE, made from Spanish V mahogany of beautiful colour and figuring, richly inlaid and of faultless style and finish. Price £47 10s. No. 5369. Well worth inspection. _L AND3OSIIi BEDROOM SUITE in Italian walnut panelled with rich dark burr walnut and splendidly carved, comprising large double wardrobe. dressing chest with cheyal glass affixed, washstand, three chairs, pedestal, anditowel rail. £25 10s ; cost £4O, and is still equal to new. No, 5343—Hartley's, 202, London-road.

STYLISH WALNUT BEDROOM SUITB, consisting of magnificent break front trio wardrobe with two bevelled plate glass robing doors, dressing chest with swing glass in centre, and mirror-panelled drawer brackets ; washstan d with bevelled mirror at the back, towel rail, pedestal, an d three chairs. £27 10. An exceptronally low price for a suite of this character. No 5339

TO SELLERS—AVE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) , or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (If required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently executed. Estimates frer., Correspondence invited.

HARTLEY'S, 909 LONDON-ROAD,

I AVERPOOL,

UPI " J " IN FRIDAY, AUGUST IS, -1899.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ifieuep.

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRIN fING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINIING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

EXAMINER OFFICE, BE WSEY S MEET 'WARRINGTON.

COOPER A.ND CO's

TEAs. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. TEAS. HOLD THE LEADING POSITION. TEAS. REPRESENT THE BEST VALUE. TEAS. GIVE GREATEST SATISFACTION. TEAS. OF SUPREME EXCELLENCE.

We have many thousands of regular customers, and we know from past experience that those who try our THaS for the first time generally become constant users.

We have every confidence In the worth of our TEAS. and past results justify the high opinion 01 their value.

UNEQUALLED FOR

PURITY,

ECONOMY, AND FRAGRANCE.

LEADING PRICES :-

rl is. 4D., is. 6D., LS. 61D., AND is. 10D., per lb.

LOCAL BRA.NCH, BUTTERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

SETTING a trap for the A Shilling Duty, benevolent is never a wise Noceeuing, and the Protec- tionists who have fixed so many traps lately, must not be astonished if any device of this kind in connection with old-age pensions is regarded with special distrust. Mr. CHAPLIN has been diseourr ing upon old-age pensions and a shilling duty no corn, and hence we may fairly consider that the proposition is a feeler. The registratioa dutY would yield about two millions of money. Of course, we are assured that the re-imposition Of this duty would not raise the price of corn or et bread and flour. We may be excused a reasonable scepticism on this head. Mr. CHAPLIN declares that when the duty was taken off it did not affect the price of wheat. That may be, because all reductions do not take effect at once, and this one was appropriated by the wheat buyers and the floursellers and bakers. But au increase in price always tells at once end that is the point to be kept well in mind. The consumer is seldom allowed the advantage or stocks purchased at a reduced price, and if e shilling a quarter duty were placed upon foreige corn, which is now in hardly the SAME, proportion to the total comumed as it was when Mr. Lowg took off the duty, the price of broad and flour would be sure to be affected. The consumption ef foreign corn in this country is now between BO and six million quarters more per year than it Wes when Mr. LOWE took off the duty. There will he a great and natural reluctance to placing any la' post on food, and especially upon what has beer' called the staff of life, because bread forms s° large a part of the food of the working classes. It would be a reactionary policy, and, as such, would be resisted to the utmost. It would be so indirect contribution by the wage-earners to the pension they were to receive, and it would affect the poorest of men most. The richer and the higher classes do not consume much bread,and the cern-duty would, relatively, affect them very little. The suggestion, moreover, is untimely. If the Government desires to give pensions to the aged and deserving poor it should not dream of get' ling the money by taxation of this kind, likely enough to grow with the extensioo of the scheme. If the shilling duty would pro' duce two millions for a small beginning, tw° shillings would double it, and four shillings would furnish as much money as is ever likely to be re' quired. It would be so easy to 4rgue that it woUld be better to increase the duty than to find song° other tax, when more money would be required, es it certainly would be in the course of a few years: Public discussion will soon convince the doubtft.,l3 that a bread tax, however small, for the purpose of obtaining funds for an old-age pension schen)* will never do at all. It is not necessary to sugge4 an alternative plan of raising the money. Finding the money is the duty of the Statesmen who pro" pound the scheme, and if any new taxation be re" quired it should fall upon;the persons best able te bear it, and not upon a poor class already paying more to the State than its earnings justify. ref: haps it is fortunate that Mr. CHAPLIN has so earl/ in the recess indicated the danger which beset° us—namely, a trap for the benevolent. Baia mildly Protectionist,in order to be mildly humsee' is a policy that will not answer and ought net t° answer.

NEVER was a crime cep' The Censpiracy mitted that was less like tbe at Rennes. work of an individual 00 fanatic than the one which has occurred at Renues' A blundering fanatic would not have escaped, be would not have shot at Me. LABORI from behiO3 , and he would probably have desired to becoule martyr there and then. The crime and the methoa of its commission indicate preparation and th° co-operation of several persons. The assassin 0$ to wound the distinguished advocate, and tile' others were to seize his documents, either t° spare General MERCER or to paralyse the defehce' Incidentally, the story about the priest preveet' ing any disclosure as to what had been seen iu graveyard is of some importance. It may he't strictly correct, and yet it helps ua to understall_d the effective manner in which the assassin 11' eluded capture for the time. Someone has bee: helping him, he has been acting upon a plan, ale he has been promised a sufficient reward to ra3 s the crime worth attempting. To get at DROYI36 would have been a more complete and tragic '5llO ing,, to the whole affair. Failing this, there 'l7 Jesutical cunning in aiming at his advocate, e,do at a time when military men were about to evidence. This view of the case invests it 71 gt eater seriousness, and apparently this is they 4 of the French police, who seem to have becorae $ We active in Paris as they me inactive elsewhere. believe they have some eines, and that the cricso.. nal will not escape their vigilance. He maY c° 0 mit suicide, and he may be shipped out cf catbe country, his name may escape notice for le. time, but the whole plot is certain to be disc „do later on. We say the whole plot because not for for a moment believe that what has haPPe°r, is the whole plot. The intention was to kill Cl' 10 TAIN DREYFUS, and it has been frustrated bY Thef vigilance of the police and the military. • t die have, however, been a little too sanguine ab°ll.tseg distance between Paris and Rennes being in 1 • chls" an :obstruction to the plans of the atm' t. The conspirators have been unable to 80' . r all their plans. They the dered by public opinion and bY The increased vigilance of the authorities.icat. ,ea precautions taken at first were rid will be furthe hill

===== 0002601_18990818_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
They were necessary and we now see that they Were ineffective rather than too elaborate, The trial will be prolonged by the incident we are dis- cussing, and that will increase the time of danger and :promote the schemes of the conspirators. They may mike other attempts before the trial comes to an end, and when it is all ever what life assurance society would take the risk to the life of Captain DREYFUS for the next six months, suppos- lag him to be acquitted or discharged? The con- spirators will do their best to remove him. We reay be sure of that. There are many of the ultra- Patriots who would not mind spending time and Money to achieve his death. But it would be an Indelible disgrace to the French Government if anything should happen to the man who has already borne so much. The whole civilised world Would cry oat in shame and disgust. To recognise peril, however, is to have half succeeded in avert- ing it, and we sincerely hope that M. LOIIBET and every official in France will use their utmost efforts to prevent the commission of any further crime in connection with this sad and interminable affair.

The Newton Urban District Council seems to be on the horns of a dilemma in consequence of the action of the Local Government Board in refusing to sanction loans for private street improvement purposes until efficient sewage disposal works have been provided for the district. On the face of it it does seem rather hard upon the inhabitants that because their local authority has failed to provide sewage works to the satisfaction of the Local Government Board they must also be com- pelled to experience the discomforts of unpaved streets. We do not know what steps the Newton Council purpose taking to place their sewage sys- tem on a more up-to-date basis. The out- side public has hoard very little about the matter since the Inspector of the Local Government Board condemned the Council's present means of disposing of sewage. It is certainly time some active measures were taken in the matter, for the present impasse is intolc. e, and is a grave re- Section on any self-res, .ng local body. The efficient treatment of so -ge h-s now passed the experimental stage, and the members of the Nu w- ton authority are able te profit by the experience of others. The bacteriological treatment of sew- age, for instance, is now being worked with great success at Blackburn and other places. There is no getting away from the fact that it will be an expensive matter, but the sooner the Newton Coun- cil determines to face the difficulty, the better it will be for all concerned.

The Vicar of Burtonwood supplies his parish- ioners through the medium of his "Church and Parish Chronicle" with monthly dis erta tions on various subjects. After exhausting all parochial topics he proceeds further afield and expresses opinions which must even surprise the people of this Colliery Settlement. For instance in this month's issue he draws lessens from the anomal- ous position of the Episcopalians in Scotland where the Established Church is "Prestbyterian." Then he proceeds to refer to his progress in the paths of Vegetarianism and raps the knuckles of traducers. To add a little further variety, "Nun- quam's" views on Education are carefully analysed; and the hanging of Mary Ansel' for the murder of her mad sister provides a topic on which to express the opinion that "the execution of the poor halt-witted girl was an act of legalized brutality." But one of the most interesting con- tributions is that referring to Workmen's Baths. He bemoans the fact that no baths are provided at Burtonwood where the hard-working collier is unable to wash his "black and grimy" body. Most people will be in sympathy with the Vicar in endeavouring to bring about the introduction of baths at BurtonwoDd but when he begins to talk of baths paying a good return in interest on the capital invested he seems to confirm the opinion that parsons are bad business man. It is a well- known fact that baths are not " paying " concerns and this is confirmed by the balance sheets of municipalities. In the last return of the Borough Treasurer of Warrington we find that the baths in Legh-street cost the ratepayers £495 9s 6d despite the fact that £463 16s were paid by bathers for admission. We would recommend the Vicar to induce the local Parish Council to take up the Baths and Workhouses Act in the interests of the public health; but if he endeavours to introduce baths under the belief that they will" pay" we are afraid the ratepayers.will find that he is a false prophet.

One point which was clearly brought out in the recent discussions on the commercial competition to which we are now subjected was the lack of industrial literature and technical information from which our manufacturers suffer, in striking; contrast to some of our better-informed competi- tors. In the United States, for instance, the efficiency of its trade and technical publications has been a factor in the country's great commercial success. Great Britain on the ether hand has struggled on without such assistance, but the reproach, we are glad to record, is now being removed. Wo have received a copy of the first issue of " Feilden's Magazine" which is to furnish a record of the world's progress, and deal more especially with everything that is best in British engineering practice and produc- tions. The letter-press and illustrations are excellent; the quality of the work being a distinct feature of the magazine. In these days when magazines seem to be produce.l with the one idea of giving the greatest bulk for the smallest price, it is pleasing to note that Mr. Feilden has spared no expense on the production of this maga- zine, which will compare favourably with the best work to be found in the leading printing trade journals that make a speciality of fine typo- graphy. The magazine contains carefully pre- pared articles,copiously illustrated by photographs and diagrams. They are written by the highest authorities of the day on various branches of en- gineering science and cannot fail to be of great value to all engaged in industrial activity. It con- tains just the information wanted, and no manu- facturer who is desirous of keeping abreast of the times can afford to be without it.

A succession of summers like the on through which we are passing would make a revolution in our dresses, dietaries, and habits. We seem to have got a taste of what summer is like in other countries, but we have made no startling changes, owing to crass conservatism,which gives us the top hat and the stand-up collar, the many skirts of the ladies, and their heavy garments. Three months real summer would cause a revolution. We should be wearing pith helmets and canvas shoes, white coats and trousers, as some of us did in our younger days. Workmen would not wear dark cloth clothes in stuffy weather, but light-coloured washing clothes. Ladies would be airy, gossamer creatures, gaudy as butterflies. It would be a delicious change. But it is most unlikely. Next summer it may be cold and wet, and the philosophy we have been storing up in our heats and langucrs may all be dissipated. It is the same with a cold winter when it comes. It seems to knock the bottom out of everything. Pipes freeze, cisterns burst, fires will not warm rooms, gas goes out, streets are impassable, and our lan- guage has in it a mixture of Hindustani and Scotch in about equal proportions. Everybody has dreams of furs. The average Englishman laughs at these sudden ups and downs. We are a middling country, and so we pall remain. We Shall not build houses with a tempcirature under freezing of Scandinavian mortar,nor construct any dwellings, nor reform our garments. A cold sum- rner will set us up, and a warm winter will let us down. Hence our perennial subject is the weather. Arid when you come to be philosophical there is real sense in the saying, " Uod willing and weather Permitting !"

The magistrates at the Warrington Borough Police Court, like other people, have difficulties to contend with. But the particular one which we desire to illustrate is that of prosecuting a husband f ter the wife has obtained a free warrant against ner spouse for assault. In most cases the wife

===== 0002601_18990818_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
appears before the Bench after the conclusion of a "Court" in a tearful state bearing self-evident marks of abuse. If there is good reason for sup- posing the case a deserving one the application is, of course, granted. The wife at this time appears to see her husband's faults as they are and her assertions that she will proceed with the prosecution to the end seem convincing enough, despite the scepticism which the magistrates and Chief Constable display through long experience with such cases. Too often their reason has proved the soundness of its basis at the expense of their judgment. Lately we have had a plethora:of such cases and the magistrates had reason for the in- dignation they expressed against a complainant in a case on Tuesday. The circumstances of the one in question were not uncommon but the wife's de- liberate mis-statement of the facts were so glar inglyi apparent as to call forth strong rernatks from the bench. When asking for a free warrant or summons the complainant must make her statement on oath and when the evidence at the hearing of the case,also on oath,is in direct opposi- tion the matter becomes serious. There will be the forgiving wife so long as the world lasts and as such, she will ever command sympathy, but surely such extremities are hardly necessary.

The payment in wages in kind has long since gone out of fashion in most parts of the world, for the simple reason that currency of some sort exists in nearly every country, unless it be in parts of Africa. Beads and cotton stuffs are still used in some parts to pay the wages of carriers. But in States under British protection we should hardly expect to meet with what is recorded in a Government report about Nyasaland, otherwise known as the Central Africa Protectorate. In parts of this State labourers are paid in pieces of calico, and they do not seem to like the method at all. The calico wage system disinclines them to stay in the region, and our commissioner re- ports that if the labourers are not paid better wages they will soon have all migrated to lands where currency is employed. Nyasaland runs like a promontory along the top north-east border of Rhodesia. In Rhodesia they pay wages on a cur- rency system, and the calico plan is unknown. The Nyasa labourers are accordingly making for this happier land as quickly as they can. During the first three months of this year one thousand labourers obtained permits and left Nyasaland for Mashonaland. There is railway wo:k there, and work in mines and on farms can be had. The news has spread, and the dusky Nyasans are leav- ing behind them the calico system for something more reasonable. Even were strips of calico given as wages they would be paid at a higher rate in Mashonaland. In the workings of the human mind calico has never before played such an inter- esting part.

The newspaper reporter's duty is not always clearly defined: sometimes it is plain enough and at other times his course of action should be dictated by his commonsense. We all know that primarily he is the servant of those who engage him, but it is also a recognized fact that the public have a strong claim on his services. Per- haps it is unwise to make this distinction as from the fact of fulfilling his duty by his newspaper employers the reporter is made a public servant. However this may come about he is, from the very nature of his public duties, looked upon more as an official. some members of the Warrington Rural District Council seem, temporarily at least, to have lost sight of these facts. What used to happen occasionally is now becoming customary. The press representatives are now beginning to expect to hear the remark at each meeting: "There is no further necessity for the reporters to stay" or "The press may now retire.' Though the Chair- man usually voices these quasi orders it is assumed from the silence of the members that such remarks are with their consent. We presume that the members of the Warrington Rural District Coun- cil are aware that they are public servants, and as such their meetings, unless in exceptional cases, are open to the" press "for the enlightenment of the public. They seem to have forgotten this fact. We wish to be clearly understood on this point. We on our part are quite aware that it is not always advisable for the "press" to be present but such occasions are getting too fre- quent,and this thought must have occurred to Mr. Thoraton:on Wednesday when he protested against the Chairman's " request " to the press representa- tives. Mr. Thornton said he did not believe in "smuggling these disc•issions," and as Mr. Thorn- ton takes part in the " discussions" his opinion should be worth having. The point was put to the vote,the result being that the reporters had to retire. We hope these occasions will be less fre- quent in future.

Another encouraging record of progress was laid before the shareholders assembled at the general meeting of the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany held last Thursday. There is an increased revenue of £13,126 compared with the correspond- ing half of last year,and it is believed that with the profits of the current half year the company will be able to complete the payment of a sum of I:50,000 to the Manchester Corporation for inter- est. There was no criticism of the able statement made by the Chairman, Mr. J. K. Bytheil, the shareholders appearing well satisfied with the in- creasing prosperity of the concern. It is worth while pointing out, however, that the rate of crease has not been quite maintained. During the first part of 1893 the volume of traffic and revenue was increasing by such leaps anA bounds as to raise hopes of a s'Anewhat extravagant nature in the breasts of some of the original shareholders— and in fact had the increase been maintained at the same rate there is no telling what I might have become possible—but the prospect was I too good to be true. Though there has been a I continuous forward movement in the affairs of the Company, the rate of progress has slightly diminished, which for a new, enterprising, and well managed concern is not entirely satisfactory. Ports as old as civilization almost are still adding to:their commercial returns, and it is therefore to be expected that Manchester, the healthy infant port, will not only grow but move along the road to success with an ever-lengthening stride. There are explanations for the slight retardation in the rate of progress, which Mr. Bythell explained to the general satisfaction, though it would have been more gratifying had no explanations been neces- sary. But there is nothing to be pessimistic about in the affairs of the Canal. The outlook is decidedly hopeful, and when the energetic management has succeeded in overcoming preju- dices and breaking fresh ground, the volume of traffic will surely and rapidly be enlarged. There is plenty of room for development, particu- larly in the direction of commerce with Asia, Africa, and South America—Lancashire's most productive trading grounds—and we feel convinced ' that ere long the Ship Canal will be playing .;.s proper part in the trade with these impel:taut countries. Farther signs of prosperity ave easily discovered in the slow but sure establishment of great works and manufactories on the banks of the waterway, and in the rapid expansion at the docks necessitated by increasing requirements.

We notice in the Engineer's report as to works, that" the quantities of sewage matter brought down by the River Mersey have been distinctly increased. The foul condition of that river is at present very marked." Mr. Hunter might as well have added that the Ship Canal itself was not one whit the better, and then perhaps the statement would have attracted the attention it deserves. So far it has been passed over in silence but we should like to know how it is that the quantities of sewage "have been distinctly increased." The Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee is supposed to pay strict attention to the pollution of the waters under its charge, but it cannot have exercised the amount of vigilance necessary or . there would be no such statement from the engineer of the Ship Canal. This increasing foulness of water flowing through such thickly-populated districts is a serious matter for the public health. The long spell of kot weather we have had this summer has made the impurity of the Mersey and Ship Canal very apparent to those whose olfactory nerves are the least bit sensitive. At the present moment five minutes on the swing bridge at Stockton Heath or the lock-wall at Latchford

CADBURY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation as a deli clans, strengtkening beverage, mai a valuable nutritive food The "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having CIDREIRY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—asther Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of•e.ctra profit.—Adat (2

===== 0002601_18990818_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY' AUGUST 18, 1899

would convince :437body that there is need for a drastic measurF.gs in some direction, and we hope the authoriti PA will bestir themselves. They have it now on rood authority that the sewage in the river is -increasing in quanitity, and as long as this ilnputation can be laid to their charge they are, seriously to blame.

We have become so accustomed to the name of the Warrington and District Mare and Foal Society that it seems quite strange to speak of it as an Agricultural Society. The new name has been necessary in consequence of extending the scope and usefulness of the society by including amongst the exhibits farm stock and agricultural produceigenerally. Last week's show was the best which has yet been held in connection with the Society, the progress of former years being well maintained. The new classes added further 'interest to the show and there seems ground for the belief that the beneficial result which has followed the work of the Society in improving the breed of horses in this neighbour- hood will ultimately be extended to cattle and the other classes which have been introduced. Con- sidering the situation of Warrington, it is some- what surprising that such a Society should only have been in existence for ten years. But now that Warrington has entered the lists in real , earnest we have sufficient local patriotism to believe that the promoters of the Warrington Agricultural Society will not allow their annual show to occupy a secondary position.

There is a trite saying that lookers on see most of a garde. The following incident is a case in point. On one of our suburban 'buses the other day, the conductor, a callow youth, went inside, to collect the fares,and having relieved the passengers on one side of the necessary copper, placed himself before a young lady on the other side. The latter tendered a sixpenny piece to the conductor and whilst he was engaged in finding change the vehicle gave a sudden lurch, and to save himself the conductot made a wild grab for the strap or rod overhead, plunging the lady at the same time into a paroxysm of pain by treading on her toe. The look of exquisite agony on her face was sufficient indication to the observer that the conductor's boot had come in contact with the übiquitous corn. The young man in the meantime had recovered his equilibrium and the change and in happy ignorance of what had occurred proceeded to hand the latter to his fair passenger. The lady had now recovered herself sufficiently to flash a look of indignation at the conductor, who seeing no reason for this, returned it with a haughty glance leaving her aghast at what she deemed his effrontery. Two passengers at least, who noticed this little comedy, continued the journey while struggling manfully to conceal their mirth from the sufferer.

COLLAPSE Or A CYCLE.-NARROW ESCAPE OF A RUNCORN MAN.

Another serious cycling accident has occurred in Cheshire. William Hedgkinson, employed ley Beckett and Co., clntractors, Hartford, Northwich, was ridiag from his work at Runcorn to his home at Preston Urook, and had arrived opposite the Preston Brook liZotel, when, fro= some undiscovered cause, his machine utterly col- lapsed, throwing him with great violence to the ground. He was taken into the hotel, and remained unconcious tid Wednesday evening. At one time life was alm3st despaired of.

DESERTING MIS REGIMENT.

Alfred Johnson, was on Wednesday brought up at the Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. Samuel Taylor,charged with being a deserter from a Manchester Regiment now at Ashton-unner-Lyne. He admitted it was so.—Police- Constable Carrington stated that he found the mars at Gilligan's lodging-house, where he identified him by his militay shirt. On being charged with the offence at first the man denied it. But at the Felice station he admitted his identity. It was then found he was also wearing a military belt.—Prisoner was remanded to await a military escort. Ti SWIMMING GALA LT THE BIG POOL.

We should again call the attention of our readers to the grand swimming gala, in aid of the Runcorn Cottage Hospital Fund, which comes off oa Monday at the Big Pool, commencing at 6.3(3 prompt. There will be three open events, including a I mile, and five local events. The officials in whose hands the sports are managed in- clude .—Clerk of the Course, Mr W E Dudley ; judges, Messrs H Congrieve, C E Moore, J Taylor ; referee, Mr J Wilson ; starter, Mr NV Ind ; marksmen, Messrs S Stubbs, Iva Withington, and J Duckett ; handicapper and timekeeper, Mr J Hurstfield, Widnes. The prizes offered are valuable, and the sports trio° every indica- tion of being keen. The Runcorn Volunteer Band will be in attendance and play selections. A RUNAWAY "TRIO" AND LURIZY.

About five o'clock on Tuesday aft.rno-on a lurry drawn by tree horses belonging to Mr. William Moores, Elleemere-street,was proceeding down Illigh-rtreet,when the hors?s took frigkt and boltel. Turning sharply into Lock-street, however, the first wheel of tho lorry collided with the corner of the "Ekanainer " Office and was abruptly brought to. Some damage was done to the wall, and the lorry was C3nsiderably shaken. At the time of the incident tisere was a number of little child- ren in the streets, and tke 4ivonder is tint no one was hurt. Several had narrow escapes. The horses and driver also escaped unscratched.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly nteEting of this Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. Mr. John Stokes presided, and there were also present :—Messrs J Meadowcrofc (Runcorn) and the Rural District Coun- cillors, with Mr G F Ashton (clerk) and Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_18990818_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TSB TRAINING SHIP AND ITS BOYS.-A SUCCESS.

Captain A Wellesby Branner, ot the Training Ship "Indefatigable," New Ferry, Birkenhead, wrote as fol- lows :—Dear sir, I will feel obliged if your guardians will kindly grant me 15s as holiday allowance for the boy John Kitteringham from your Union. John Delaney, also from your Union sailed to-day (10th August) on his second voyage in tho steamship " Iberia" belonging to the Pacific Steam Navigation Company. I have received an excellent character of him and if he continues to behave himself has a good future before him. It is one of the beat lives out of Liverpool. We have some vacances and I will be glad to receive more boys, and also a deputation from your guardians to see our work: G. F. Ashton, Esq., Clerk to the Guardians, Runcorn. It was decided to allow the 151- asked for; but the Board decided against sending a deputation to the ship.

VACCINATION .FEEI DETERMINED ON.

The Local Government Board also wrote determining the amount of payment to be made to Mr. T. J. Selby, medical officer of tho Workhouse, in respect of persons reaideat in that establiahment to be as follows :—For every euccessrul primary vaccination or re-vaccination performed by him under his contract in the Guardians tke sum of 2s ticl.

THE MAINTENANCE OF PAUPERS.

THE WORE OF TRH RELIEF SUPERVISION COMMITTEE

Mr. C. Hoylance stated that he was surprised at the very large amount that seemed to be owing to the Board of Guardians from certain individuals who were called upon to contribute to the maintenance of their relatives in the Union, and he thought they should impress upon the relieving officers and especially upon Mr. Johh Frodiham (the collector) to keep a strict eye upon these charges. These was some- thing like £3oo—some £270 he believed was the exact figure—owiag to the Board on this account. It was a big item and he thought they ought to have a little more attention from tho members of the Board. That morn- ing at the meeting of the Relief Supervision Committee they bad struck out some £2O or £3o.—Several Guar- dians : More than that.—Mr. Roylance : Well, I only want to be on the right side.—But those 8111113 had been struck out because they had accumulated to sums of about £3 and £4, and the people had written to say they would riot pay them. It was a great loss to the Board. All he was desirous of doing, however, was to let the auardians know the state of affairs, and he per- sonally was of tho @pinion that instructions should go out to the collector and relieving officer to keep a strict eye upon those items. Mr. S. Woodward stated that he considered Mr. Roy. lance had taken toe gloomy an aspect of theaffeir. There was a sum—he thought £49 14 1011 was the exact figure —recoverable from some property in Runcorn, but which could not be obtained for soene time, included ia the amount of £3oo—so that reduced it by £5O. Then again the matter was in this position, many applicatiens had to be made to s )ns for the repayment of relief granted to their parents. Their SOW could not be found until many months ran on, and when found, the sums which had accumulated had to be struck off b2cause they were too large for them to pay. Mr. T. Baxter said he still held the same opinion he had given expression to previously that they collected the money on a wrong basis altogether. The way they went about it was not the method to collect this money at all. He advocated that the relieving officers who knew meet about the CSS9S should be the ottee ta collect the money and not an outsider. His experience of another Union, where they had probably one of the worst kind of relieving officers they could End in the county, was that he was able to collect a greater per centage than was collected in their Uni ott. He did not want to say anything about Mr. Frodshans personally, yet he was sure Mr. Frodsham was not the best of perseas to collect the money. He could not do the work, he was certain, as wall as their own rilieving officers could. Mr. Frodshein simply wrote to the people, and if they did not answer thero was practically an end to the matter, on the other hand their own re- lieving officers had better opportnaities—they knew the people and were brought into c.mtact with them—and if each of them wag allowed the same percentage on the money as Mr. Frodshein got, he felt sure a larger amount would be recseered. B4idee it would b 3 a kind of emulation betw3en them as to who could collect ths most.

The Chairman concurred. T hirn geeme ito stand ta roason that the relieving officers knew most about the peop I. Mr. Linaker I there a resolution before the Goan- '.;ll ? The Chßirman : No I think not.

Mr. Baxter : If one family does not pay in one dis- trict, and they hear about it in another, they will not pay either, and so it goes on. Admiral Jones Parry suvested that Mr. Frodihann be called in. He pnnosad that. Mr. C. E. Livaker : We are out of order by a great deal ! Admiral Parry could not nnve that renlution, and besides he thought that on a subject of that nature, due notice should ba given; Admiral Parry: There seems to me to be a great deal of complaints about Mr. Frodshatn and his work. and I thought ha ought to know it. That's all. (He tr, hear.) The Chairman : I don't take it that way. I think the members are simply ventilatinc, their foelinza on tile subject, and do not cast any reflections upon Mr. Frod- sham. -

Mr. C. E. Linaker questioned whether the account, were not broughtnp before the several monthly meet- ings of the C-aincil as reported from time to time by Mr. Frodsham ? The Chairman : They are. Mr. Linaker therefore conteuded that the Committee being fully cognizant of the fact were responsible. Mr. Roylanee and several other members expressed the opinion that the committee was the wort attended, and at times it was difficult; to get a quorum scratched togeth.r. The matter was simply mooted t,-) do good and make the guardians better acquainted with it. The Chairman moved off to the next businoQs,observ- ing he hoped the discussion would do good ; but it was really out of order.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

Later reperts from the Liverpool specialist tend to show that the injured man Leach may not entirely lose his sight ; and that the reported defective right eye is sound and the sight good. THE THEATRE ROYAL. At the Runcorn Sessions on Monday, Sir Richard Brooke presiding, Mr. William Caddick applied for a renewal of his license for the above theatre. The police having no objection, the application was granted. OPEN AIR CONCERTS FAR THE PEOPLE. The Runcorn Volunte,,r Baud under the conductorship of Mr. Oksthwaite, was the centre of attraction at the Mereey Mission Recreation Grounds last Saturday even- ing.A capital programme of dance music was submitted, and taken advantage of by a large concourse of young people. These concerts are a source of continued amusement. AN EXTRAORDINARY CATCHoi " FISH." On Wednesday a large number of the Runeorn anglera journeyed to Eccleston on the Dee for an afterneon'e sport. A fishing contest took place there in which about 23 members competed for fonr prizes. The spert was miserably bad and net a legitimate " fish " was caught.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WOMAN'S FRAUDS.

On Monday, at Northwich, Mary Spencer, a Run- corn boatwoman, aged 63, was charged with fraudu- lently collecting alms. She called 03 numerous people in mid-Cheshire and said Fbe was collecting ti purchase a horse. Her bocik showed that within eight days she had collected £s,bat whoa arrested she had only a shill- ing. The Bench took her age and previous character into account, and only imposed a fine of 103, or fourteen Jaye.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
A NARROW BOAT SWAMPED AT RUNCORN.

As the steamship " Duke of Leineter " was proceeding along the Manchester Ship Canal, on Friday morning, the wash frorn her wake swamped the narrow boat " Nellie," and sank her opposite Wiggs' Works,Runcorn. The narrow boat, which was in charge of Captain W. Millington. is the property of Mr. R. Abel, Runcorn, and will be salvaged by the Ship Canal Company.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
EIALTON•ROAD CIOIR TREAT.

About forty members of the Halton-road We9ieyan Ckapel choir, on Saturday, journeyed to Llandudno, the occasion being the annutl treat. Mr. T. Johnsen, choir master was in charge. Dinner, and tea were partaken of at the " Grosvenor." Drives round the Great Orme and to other delightful spots were included in U e outing and by the time the party came to leave for home there was not much of interest that had been unseen by them. The choir lefc bating] them Mr. R. Yates (their conduc- tor), who has beau suffermg for same time past in the hope that a few days at the seaside would put him to rights.

ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN MAN.-FEARED 'LOSS OF SIGIIT.

Whilst William Leach, aged 24 years, engineer at Meore's brick-making works, Runcorn, was following his usual occupation on Wednes Jay morning, he met with a distressiog accident. Whilst examining the gauge to ascertainquantity of water in the boiler,the glass ex- ploded, and a piece of the flying gime cut into his left eye. As Leach's right eye is defective it is feared he will lose his sight entirely. He was attended by Dr. Banks, assistant to Dr. Robinson, and removed to Liver- pool Infirmary. AN UNRULY MAN AND WOMAN.

James Leek and Eliza Leek, hailing from Chester, were en Saturday mGrning brought up in custody at the Ruucarn Police Court, before Mr. John Ockleston, charged with being drunk and unruly in High-street, the previous evening.—Both pleaded guilty.—Constable Bowyer who proved :be CiSEI described the behaviour of the man ani woman at 11 o'clock on Friday night as disgracsful. Both wire extremely drunk and the man was throwing his arms around the woman.—lt was stated the couple had been convicted at Chestara num- ber of times.—Havieg the option of a fine or imprison- ment, prisoners decided to go for 14 days' hard labour. RUNCORN CHURCH LIDS' BRIGADE.

On Saturday, August sh, a portin of the Runcarn Company of the Church Lads' Brigade visited Blackpool to camp for a week unler canvas. They joine I the other companies of the North-Western camp at Son .h Shore, the place appointed to pitch the tents. They were accompanied by the Rev. H. B. Frith, as chaplain, and Mr. J. Llttler. The various places of amusement at Blackpe3l were well patronised, as also was the canteen. Time passed quickly by, and many expressions of regret Were heard when Saturday came and it was time to make a start for home. The boys arrived in Runcorn about 5 u'clo;.:k on Saturday afternoon, looking much better and browner than when they started.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPERANCE LECTURER AS PREACHER.

Mr. E. Lougher, of Mfrthyr-fydil, who was the prin- cipal speaker at ttse opcn-iir meeting of th! Seas of Temperance on Saturday, occupied the pulpit at the Wesleyan Chapel, Weston, on ;.Izund ty morning. There was a good congregation largely consisting of members of the order living in Weston, and a number of promin- ent members from Runcorn. Mr. Lougher based his rs- marks on Matthew xxii. 21 :—"Render therefore unto Ceesar the things which are Cteiar's ; and unto God the things which are God's." The preacher gave an able exposition of the text. On Sunday evening Mr. Lougher also addressed an open air meeting held in connection with St. Paul's Church, Widnes, with great SUCCESS.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CELL AGAIN COMMITTED.

Frederick Chet was brsught up in custody, on Thurs- day morning, at the Runcorn Police Court,cnarged with dlsobedience to summons for being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-3treet on the 22nd of July.—From the evidence of the Police Constable who proved the case, it appeared that Chet! was creating a disturbance, and on being remonstrated with ran away, leaving his coat in the officer's bands.—Chell denied being drunk and disorderly and stated there was no need for the officer to have iL- terfered at all.—There being 30 previous convictions against him, the Chairman (Mr. G. L. Davies) said he would be committed for one month, and if he again troubled the court they would take steps to have him confined in an inebriate's home.—Chell then began arguinz with the Bench about drinking, saying there wer3 few people indeed who did not drink.—The Chairman : That may be se; but you,take too much. BREAEING A MAN'S JAW AT WIDNES.

Before the Widnes magistrates on Tuesday morning, Arthur William Moss, a middle-aged man, residing in Halton-view, Widnes, was charged with breaking the jaw of a man named M'Kay at Widnes on Sunday, Julv 16, ley striking a blow with his fist in an entry off Walter-street. Mr. Knowles, solicitor, appeared for Moss, who said the affair happened duriog a " fisty " discussion, and he had numerous witnesses to say that Mess struck M'Kay in self-defence. He had had inter- views with both parties, and he thenc,,ht the best way of dealing with the case was that M'Kay should receive a little compensation for the injuries received. This, las was glad to say, he had agreed on. M'Kay, the injured man, atepped into the box, and said he did net wish to prosecute if he could come to reasonable terms with MOH. Witness thought that the most beneficial course. The magistrates allowel the case to be withdrawn. Mr. Knowles hulled M'Kay £5, and gave the Chief Con- stable two guineas for the doctor's bill. Both parties shook hands warmly •ti leaving the court.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUR SHILLINGS A WEEK FOR Two FINGERS.

Oa Saturday, before his Hoeour Judge Shand, James Carrol, a yorth living in Sankey-street, Widnes, sued the United Alkali Company for damages as compsnsa- tion for the loss of two fineers of his right hand whilst following his employment on February B:h.—Mr. Peters represented the applicant, and Mr. Keogh, barrister,the respendents.—Mr. Peters explained that William Ince was a contractor for labour at Golding, Davies and Company's worka,and applicant was employed at labour- ing work described as " box winding." Oa the Bth February, Carrel was following his employment when his right band was caught in the cogs of the machine while he was endeavourime to remove a lump of rock salt which obstructed the slide over the shoot. The fore- finger and second finger of the right hand were amput- ated at the middle joint,and the thumb and other fingers were so crushed as to render the hand useless. His average earnings had neea 14s. p'r week, bat thi age ainnuat teat he weuld 140 M be able to earn was un- certain. Since the accident he hid been employe breaking rock sal; at 73. per week, which was a higher wage than other lads at that work were paid,—For the defence Mcßeagh admitted the liability to pay compen- sation, and offered 3s. 61. per week.—Mr. Peters con- tended that 34. 61. was inalequ tte.—His Honour thought that the case would he met by 4s. a N-eek. The applicant v. as allowed the costs. NELSON-STREET WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.

Through the kindness of the friends at Camden, the Nelson-street Wesleyan Sabbath Schools,lield their anni- versary in that capacious building, and both morning and evening good congregations assembled. The preacher was the Rev. T. Wilkes, of Southport (form- erly of this circuit) and he founded his able discourse upon the Revelation of St. John tire Divine,2lst chapter 7 verse : " He that overcome% shall inherit all thing, and I will be his God arid he shall be My son." In the afternoon Mr. B.Brown, of Widnes, who had promised to conduct the service, sent an anology ; and a very efficient substitute was found in Mr. Robinson, of Wid- nes, who delivered an excellent address on "The growth of Methodism from the timeof John Wesley," which was very attentively listened to throughout by a large con- gregatien. At the evening service the Runcorn Orches- tral Society censiderably augmented the musical por- tion of the service by their valuable assistance, under the conductorship of Mr. Horace Handley. The efficient organist was Mr. J. W. Temperley, Lewlands-road, and the c:onductor of the festival was Mr. Samuel Baz'ev, who it should he stated was responsible for the very efficient training of the choir and children in the pretty music sung through the anniversarv.—The number of scholars on the honks is 130 with about 14 teachers and officers, the superintendents being Messrs. G. Bayley and W. Lambert. The collections on behalf of the scholars realised £l9 which is an advance upon that of last year.—Consideted upon the whole the festival has been the most s ccessful within recent years, and re- flects highly upon those responsible for its conduct.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

This Council held its usual fortnightly meeting at the Workhokno, Dutton, on Tuesday. There were present : meph Knowles, J. P., (presiding), T Baxter C.C., S'n 7-mei Woodward, Thomas Wright, C E Linaker, C Roylance, Thomas JORCS Perry, Jamas Tudor, W Pickering, J Stokes, P Leather, II Mawdsler, T L9WiS, George Piling, W Fietcher, J Balshaw, W Bradford, A 11 Talb)t, with G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assist- ant clerk), W Diggle anti J Swinton (surveyors), J Far- rington (inspector).

===== 0002601_18990818_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIVERS POLLUTION.

Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Council, submitted the following letter, dated 3rd August, to the Clerk of the Rural District Cmlncii submitted a letter of your predecessor dated the 19th of May list, and enclosure to the Rivers rollation Com- mittee of the Couneil at its last meeting, when the con- sideration of the further action to be taken for prevent- ing the pollution of the rivers and streams within your district was adjourned until the meeting of the Com- mittee to be held on the 20th of o.7.tober next. I was instructed to intimate to your Rural District Council that the Committee are alad to find that they are taking action to prevent the pollution complained of,ancl would like to be informed in due course the result thereof." It was decided to leave the matter over until the Medical Officer's return.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THELWALL PARISH COUNCIL COMPLAINS.

Mr. W. B. Cooke, clerk to the Thelwall Parish- Council, wrote stating that at a meeting held en the 31st July he was instructed to draw the attention of the District Council to the state of the footpath from the school gate to the "Pickering Arras" and also to the road from the "Pickering Arms" to the "Ferry." The road and path were both paved with cobbles and it was the wish of the Council that they should be taken up and the road properly levelled. The Parish Council also wished to draw the District Council's attention to the state of the drain at the corner of Waste-lane, and Halftime-lane, and to the rcs.d deecending the hill to Massey Brook. The drain was also blocked up after heavy rain, and as the water remained there for a considerable time, it caused treat inconvenienca and annoyance. Tne road to Massey Brook was in a very bad state and ahriost unfit for traffic. The Thelwall Parish Council requested tint the District Council call the attention of the Surveyor to these matters in:order that they slight be remedied with- out delay. -

Mr. Swinton (survey* considered that tg f -iotpath was in a good audition and so was the road. The drain complained of was, however, a litt'e defective and he should recommend that it be attended to in dna smartie.

Admiral Jones Parry, en belt]: appealed to, said be niigitt have a groat deal to say or very little on the subject. But he rather agreed with the surveyor. But referring to the hign ways generally, be strongly urged that the Couacil ihould " walk the roads "as had been done some years previously, and proposed that the Chairman of the Highways Committee get a committee of his committee to patrol the roads. (L iughter.) Mr. Baxter, who thought that Parish Councils had very little to do, suggested they should he allowed te look after their fosnoaths taoms9lves and make what altereions they liked. They were responsible. Admiral Jones Parry : Ido not think they have that power. The Chairman : They have not, and besides that would sever do.

Mr. Baxter : Oh ! That is it. With regard to Ad- miral Parry's suggestion he believed it was some two years ago that they walked the roads of the district. It was a good thing to do. The County Council always did it. Besides there were numerous little:things that wanted doing that the surveyors considered ton delicate. and when they went round and sugg,stel them the Sur- veyors felt their hands strengthened and g.ot them done. He had then in his mind tome trees at Whitley, limier which it was impossible to drive ia a dog-cart without danger to 076'6 hat, or the tearing off of a lady's bon- net. (Laughter.) Still, ha was not one of those who objected to the growth of ornamental trees, bu t consi- dered they should be made safe. Mr. Stokes quite agreed with Mr. Baxtir and was of opinion that a good deal was to be gained by going over the roads. A man from Frodsham for instance could find out imperfections at Budworth, and vice vecsa, much better than thes3 whir were always living along- side them • _ _

Admiral Jones Parry sail he w)uld rope that a committee be appointed t) walk the roads before the estimates came out. Mr. Linaker seconded. Mr. Stokes supported and the motian was unani- mously agreed to.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPROVEMENTS AT WESTON POINT.

The question of appointing' an en 4inaer for the sewer- age works evension at West3n.Point was adj)urned for a fortnicht.

THE COUNCIL AND THE TELEPHONE COMPANY. OPENING VP STOCKTON HEATH.

Mr. 11. Chambers, wrote oa behalf of the National Telephone Company, ,Limited, stated the company were desirous of opening Stockton Heath for further tele- phone communication and should esteem it a favour if the District Council would allow these to erect 5 poles in Lyons-lane, Appletoa, as shown on sketch submitted. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the Caeshira County Coun- cil, also forwarded copy of letter received by him fro= the National Telephone Company requesting permissiaa to erect 7 poles along the Northwich and Appleton roads and requesting the Council's observations rega:ding such. Tae desire of the campany was to open up Stock- ton Heath. The company expressed their agreement to the usual wayleaves. Admiral Jones Parry WAS' of ooinioa the Telephone Company should paint its poles white. fis did not see- why they should be compelled to run the risk of running their heads into them. (Laughter.) Mr. ',Maker: Y.su could not paint them. But you might get "whitewash to stick." (Renewed laughter.) The Surveyor (Mr. Swinton) having expressed his satisfaction at the position assigned for the poles Mr. Wocdwood proposed and Mr. Pilling seconded the signing of the agreement of way-leava between them and the company which was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EPIDEMIC AT HELSBY.

Dr. Alfred Curtis, on b.half of Dr. Adams, reported : " Sinn Dr. Adams left for his holidays, thee following cases have been notifi.d : "Two cases of scarlet fever at Norley, two ems of diphtheria at Halton, one case of diphtheria at Frodsham, one case of scarlet fever at Stockton Heath, All the cases have been visited and the usual orJers issued. I received a letter front the Vicar of Helsby as to the advisability of closing the schools owing to an epidemic of measles. I visited the school and saw the schoolmaster and the Vicar. I found in the lower school there had had been an average at- tendance of 105 out of a passible 132. and in the upper school 108 out of a possible 145, but I think some of the children in the upper school were helping in the harvest field. The school has been closed for a month for holi- days and only opened on August 7th. I think the epi- demic is on the wane."

The report wag taken ne read. SANDY-LINE FRODSHAM.

Mr. Thomas Wright submitted the renort of the CDIII- - appointed to visit Fluen-lane ad Sandfield-road, Frodsham, which was to the effect that Fluen-lane was now in a satisfactory condition. Mr. Linaker having granted the land requisite for improving it. There would he a width of about 34 feet. With regard to Sandfield- road the Committee recernmended that the Clerk write to the grcund landlords and ascertain what could be done. The sand from this place was a source of great annoyance in wet weather and came down in large quantities and clogged the sewers. Mr. Linaker seconded and the report which was re- ceived as Eat!sf2ct-iry was adopted.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE JUBILEE.

DDIONSTRA.TION OF THE RUNCORN DIVISION.

Fifty years ago the or ler of the Sons of Temperance was instituted in Liverpool. The early pioneers of the Society lied for their priccary object how least to fight against the system of Friendly Societies meeting in public houses. After many vicissitudes we see the Society has triumphed and not only gained for them- selves a proud position amongst friendly societies, but afso have witnessed the majority of other friendly societies quitting the public house, and holding their meetings elsewhere. What is the position of the Society to-day? It has a membership of 42,775 adults, 18,333 juveniles, with accummulated funds amounting to £190,551 4s. with 954 Subordinate Divisions and Cadet Sections in 36 grand divisions. During the past year the order recorded a gain in membership of 2,309 adults and 1217 cadets and had paid in sick claims £28,723 aid in funeral claims £4,700, whilst there was a nett gain in funds of £10,720 33 ld. The progress of the Society from year to rear has been steady and consis- tent. Its objects are to get people to be " total ab- stainers,"—that's a sine gll4 floe—and thus insures the funds against a less percentage of sickness and death,as all illnesses traceable to drink are naturally eliminated. Indeed the death-rate of the society for the past year is given as follows: Adults, 7.87 per 1000; juveniles 243 per 1000 ; whilst that of other friendly so,:ieties works out to something like 15 per 1000 per annum. Other very interesting figures are those which follow : over £3,000 was paid in accident claims ; whilst £BOO was distributed amongst deserving and distressed mem- bers.

Having thus briefly introduced the Society and its work, we have now to record that on Saturday last— the jubilee of the order was celebrated. The occasion was marked by the (Runcorn Division)—the "LifeboAt Crew Division, N 195" to give its fun an open air demonstration. Assembling at the Greenway- , road schcolroom, the members formed into procession, marshalled by their officers, and proceeding by way of Greenway-road,Waterloo Bridge, Church-street, Bridge- street. Egerton-street,and Waterloo-road,they assembled upon the piece of waste ground opposite the Railway Station, where addresses were delivered. The proces- sion was headed by the band of the Runcorn Volunteers, under headmaster Outhwaite. Then came the beautiful banner belonging to the lodge, cArried by two of , its members, with four young ladies holding ' the stay ropes. The members of the Order, wearing a specially woven ribbon—(a memento of tee Jubilee)— followed ; and the rear WAS brought up with a tableau of boat and lighthouse upon a lorry. La route the pro- cession halted at the residences of Dr. MeLennan and Dr. McDougall, and also in front of Lea's Temperance Hotel. The officers marshalling the procession were : Bros. Thomas Coske, W.P., Thomas Whyte, W. As. (patron of cadets), T. J. Role, 1.1.5•, Jamee Johnsen, KS., (captain of the lifeboat), Edward Key, P.VV.P., (secretary of cadets), William Henry Eigley (assistant conductor), John Jonas (conductor), James Moores (chaplain), A. Noden (inside sentinel), T. Dutton (out- side sentinel), and Thomas Clarke (steward). The mem- bers having gathered round an inapoverised platform Mr. Thomas Cooke, who acted as chairman, said he considered they could congratulate themselves upon the demonstration. They had that day to commemor- ate the jubilee of the Order. It tied been observed it would be a " red letter day " in the history of the Sons of Temperance ; and he hoped and thought it would be so. Tney were to hear several speeches from other gentlemen. and as they could hear himself any time he would inflict no lone speech upon them, but leave it to Mr. Leugher, of Merthyr, who was a thorough-going Welsh advocate of Temperance, to tell them more of the benefits of the " Sons of Temperance Friendly Society." (Hear, heir.) The Key. J. A. B. Malvern having congratulated the seeiety upon its demonstration, remarked they had in- deed had a red letter day led by a red coated band— and hoped the influence of that day would remain with them. Personally he had been a teetotaller for many years, having signed the pledeetwhen 16 years of age. He rejoiced with the Society of the Sons of Temperance that day because they had not only old members, but they had young ones—(hear, hear)—they were training their boys and girls in the way they should go—in the right way. (Applause.) He would warn them that the Scriptures said: "Be not drunk with wine," and again " Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging ; and whoso- ever is deceived thereby is not Wise." Drink had been trying for years and years to make fools of men ; there had been abroad an idea that a man was weak because he was a teetotaler; but thank God that idea had been dispelled,and they now acknowledged that the teetotaler was the stronger man. (Heir, hear.) Having spoken of the erronous idea some people entertained that alcohol was stimulating, and having pointed out the falseness of such nonsense, Mr. Malvern expressed the wish that the society might grow and grow until as the result of its work the curse of drink would be no more. (Ap- plause.) The Rev W Fidoe, who alse congratulated the lodge, and expressed the pleasure afforded him by that invita- tion to speak, said generally speaking, they were all mere or less of the opinion that friendly societies had contributed very largely to the physical and intellectual_ well-being of the working-clrsses ; yet, whilst they con sidered that, they ought to say they were out of sympa- thy with those societies whose business was conducted in public houses. (Hear, hear.) Flow much temptation and yielding could be traced to the custom of but going to the public house to pay contributions. (Applause.) He thought that the pioneers of that grand order—the Sons of Temperance—had the effects of that kind of thing before them when the order was founded. (Hear, hear.) He believed that the primary object of the Society was to promote temperance in this country— which was a very laudable object indeed—the other objects of the Society, though highly worthy ones, were he took it, entirely secondary. (Hear, hoar.) Toey werejengaged in putting down the drink traffic in the country, and could they but realise the great object they would be delivered from the one curse that blackened the fair face of their country. (Applause). Fifty years ago that society had neither members nor ntaaney in the eteuetre.7—thet day he was proud to eon- gratulate tittles upon havine a great number of members and a large amount of funds; and further,the society was based upon a sound financial basis. (Hear, hear.) That success had been achieved ia the face of oppoeition, persecutioe, And mis-representation. Their pioneers were opposed by the medical profession. In those days doctors considered it was correct to give their patients intoxicating liquors ; but now, however, a change had taken place. Their pioneers had not the experience of friendly societies to fall back upon, and even those were opposed by the Christian Church. They had, however, Persevered and were now celebrating their jubilee—After 59 years of useful work successfully accomplished in the country. (Applanse.) Having contrasted the days gone by with the present advanceme.nt be wished the Sons of Temperance God speed. Mr. Evan Laugher, of Merthyr Tydfil, who was well- received, said he was there to speak to them that after- noon, not because he was a great speaker, but because the executive of the Order had seen fit to send him amongst them as art example of what teetotalism could de for the workingman. (Hear, hear.) He was a steel smelter by trade, and had worked before the furnace ; and for the last 30 years he had been an invalid ;so that perhaps he would b.? right in saying they had sent him to Runcorn in order that they might see what a teetotal invalid looked like. (Laughter and ap- plause,) He could assure them that he had not always been as they saw hint that day, but it was only another assurance that the road was open to all of their members to become members of the executive of the society. There was but one class united in one common haul of brotherhood. He had walked the streets of Merthyr needy,poonand neglected as anyone present that afternoon—perhaps more so, but thanes to the "Sons of Temperance" and other people taking an interest in him he now stool there as the representative of the Executive Council. (Applause.) He teed come there to tell them a le thins, and amongst others he would tell them why he was a teetot- lar and total abstainer and one of the member.; of the Order of the Sons of Temperance. (Hear, hear.) Still ,he was not pine to make a speech presenting those things to them in concise logical terms, but they would have to take it in the workshop language he was most conversant with. (Hear, hear.) First, he was a teetotaler because he wanted to enjoy his life ; secondly, because he was too proud; and thirdly, because he was afraid to meddle with it. He wanted to enjoy this life. He wished to have as much fun and enjoyment out of it as possible, I and considered he was more able to use his faculties to the full whilst he remained a teetotaler. Drink besotted the brain and dimmed the faculties ro he would have none of it. (Applause.) Again he was toe proud—their preachers could say what they liked and preach as much they likediabout pride—but he reiterated,he was too proud Yes too proud to meddle with strong drink. He had too much self respect to be debased by it. They might be surprised to hear him say so ; but how many charac- ters had they not in Runcorn to whom the finger of. scorn could be pointed, who had fallen from high places Ha could and did instance many such cases withiu his own experience. Then third's-Ole was a teetotaler because he was afraid to meddle with strong drink. It was deadly. He had seen it maks wrecks of noble characters ; and was therefore afraid to meddle with it. Having illustrated his points by numerous cases which he had met within his own experiencelbe speaker concluded by giving same interesting statistics relating to the society, which aro recorded above. At the conclusion of his ad- dress he was loudly applauded. On the motion of Mr. D. Bisbrown seconded by Mr. J. E. Holt (secretary) hearty vot el of thanks were ac- corded Mr. Longher, and the Revs Malvern and Fidoe for their addresses, after which the meeting dispersed.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
w. T. WILLIAMS' SALE is now proceeding, Millinery Mantles, Dresses. Silks, Prints, Muslius, Blouses, Shirts, Ties Sunshades, &c., at greatly reduced prices. 74, SINKEY-BTRKLT, Warrington.—Advt.

CHOICE PAULY FED PORK, fresh dailF. J. SYLEY Horsemsr' et street.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT FROAI THE PERSON AT •RUNSORII.

" TRAMPLE DAISY" GETS THREE MONMS.

At the Runcorn Police Court on Thursday morning:, before Messrs Gr L Davies and John Ockleston, jam Green, alias "Trample Daisy " an old offenderalescribed as a bcatman, was brought up in custody charged with stealing Ll 17s 9d the money of James Bradshaw, fraid his person on the 11th of August, at Runcorn.—James Bradshaw, master of the narrow boats, "Fred "and "Annie." belonging to Mr. Richard Abel, Runcorn,stated he lived upon the boats with his sister Ann. On Sun- day the 6th of the present month, prisoner came to the boats whilst lying at " Potato basin " Manchester, in want of a job. Witness engaged him to go witd him and to unload tke boats. He was paid at Ruceorn. Subsequently prisoner came to hien on board the " Fret," and asked hint if he Had any mosey. Hs did not say what for. .Witness pulled out the money he had in his pocket .38s including a threepenny piece and showed it to prisoner. Fsesoner said he should want a drink in the miming. Witness then retired to rest, and on waking in the morning fouTi prisoner and the money gave in form a- : gone all but the threepenny niece. FIo tiers to the police.—Cross-exainmed by the prisoner He was not drunk. He Had given prisoner two two shilling,s, one by Delph Bridge and oae by.Mr Abel's office ; and, had not given toe man a two shilling piece and a six- pence on different occasions as he stated. Foliee-Constab'e Tiestnas Specs; Bowyer stated that at 8 o'clock on the 18Ih of August,he rec..ived prisoner in custody from tho Altrinshana police, and charged him w.els stealing £1 17s 9i frons the person of James Bradshaw. Prisener replied "Where would he get that much from ;all right, let it stand over until the morning." Prisoner who elected to be summarily dealt with pleaded not guilty. He had never seen the man after 8 o'clock on the night he alleged the theft was commit- ted. Prisoner went on to say he knew the prosecutor had not a cent upon him that day. At a litter stage, however, the pcikonar began to talk about meeting, Bredehave socneWse about 11 o'clock and gave utz•eranee to a statement that contradicted his ewn previous re- marks and practically corroborated those of prosecutor. In answer to the Bench prisoner stated he could call no witnesses. Tnere wa3 no need for them.—The Magis- trates' Clerk : It would materially assist you if you had witnesses to account for where you were at the time you are alleged to have committed the theft. Ttie prisoner failed to account for himself. The Chairman said they believed prisoner bad stolen the money and would commit him for 3 months.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORIIEsPONDNICT.] The police have dealt with the nuisan33 caused by the obstruction of footpaths, and especially with the loiterers about the Railway Station, in a drastic manner ; and have shown they are determined to put down the practice with a high-hand. They have the pulalic thanks for doing so.

The Runcorn Anglers' Association whom I so plainly addressed last week, wish to be heard on the subject. They say they never had any such in- tentions; and further some of their number now aver that if Sir Richard offered them the sole right to fish in the canal they would have to decline the offer cea economic grounds—as they could not keep a water bailiff to patrol the canal, which would be more trouble than it was worth. All I say is, I heard the rumour; and it must have originated somewhere ! I feel I have discharged my duty in getting out; the above explanation. To the society, however, I amply apologise, and am pleased to learn that the Intentions of the society are not as were represented.

Tha football season as far as Runcorn is concerned promises to be a good one. Tne teams turned eitt on Monday and Thursday, and side games were indulged in. Considerable merit was di.played. Almost all the old members "don the green,- and of new blood there seems to be an unlimited supply. Runcorn— which "breeds footballers, and does not " buy " them—will look in this direction for its reinforcements,and judging from the eathusiasre and talent;displayed will not look in vain.

That some dissatisfaction exists amongst certain members of the Board of Guardians is very evident. A perasal of the lively debate that took place on question of the " collection of maintenance contri- bations "will disclose the facts, I question, how- ever, whether anything will be gained by the advo- cated change? Certain it will be that there will be fewer amounts outstanding, but, I also question whether actually more would be collected by the relieving officers than by the present method. The actual difference to my thinking would be that the relieving officers would naturally keep off the books any persons from whom they considered any re- covery would be doubtful, pending inquiries. Whereas, under the present method, the collector presumably is told "so and so" and ought to be able to contribute" so much" and it often has to stand until it is found out that nothing whatever can be obtained from that quarter.

Farther, I have, some short time ago, given ex- pression to what I considered was equitable in the matter of the enforcement of these " contributions to maintenance.' The Guardians should not attempt to get all they can !—They should ever bear in mind the fact that the majority of the people from Wtloll3 they "extort"—! say it meaningly—those— (in the Guardians' aight)—small amounts, can at best ill-afford them. And if they worked on the lines of not " extorting " anything from married people earning less than 30s a week,and from single people earning less than 25s they would show far. better " Guardianship" than at present.—Mr' Roylance was right ! The committee is badly organized and requires drastic re-arrangement.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS.

The first amateur athletic sports promoted by the Widnes Football Club were held on the Lowerhonsc- lane Ground, which bad been admirabiy arranged for the occasion, on Saturday, and, notwithstanding various oaunter attractions, the attendance numbered bet wenn 2,000 and 3,000. The weather was at times threatening, but, fortuaately, rain 'sold off. With one exception the przes, which were valued at £7O, had been presentel by friends of the club, and they made a fins show in front of the grand stand, valve they were presmtecl at the conclusion of the marts by Miss Morrison. The entries numbered about 253, and am,lng those who turned out was R W Wadsley, Highgate Harriers. the 100 yards and quarter-mile champion. The arrangements ware efficiently carried out, the principal officials being—Judges, Major J W Wareing (Mayor of Widnes), Messrs. A. T Shingler, N.C.A.A., J Dromgoole, W H Clarke, T Laws, J SacUer, and J Timmins ; handi- capper, Mc H P Ellis, Liverp;ml; starter, Mr J Elepple- thwaite ; hon. treasurer, Mr. F W Wright ; financial secretary, Mr. J C Evans; and secretary, Mr E W M'Nerton. Details :

200 Yards Scholars' Race.-1, E Connollv, Gar.stots, 22 yards start ; 2, E CosYrove, St. Bed's, Widnes, iS; 3, 0 Twist, Widnes, 28. Won bv hslf a yard ; foot betweeu second and third. Time, 26 1-53ecs. Handicap.--1, J F Meharry, Old Xaverians. 48 ; 2, T Nevitt, Widnes, 55 ; 3, W Aston, Farnwortis Harriers, 52. Won easily by five yards, two yardr dividing second and third. Time, imic. 56 4-ssecs.

_ . 120 Yards Handicap.—Winners of heats : T Horan, Warrinoton, ;J A Behn. Liverpool, 10± ;H H Moss, Liverpool 11. and A.G., 9 ;J E Cowap, Manchester U., ; R Evans, Livernool H. and 1i.C.,11/ ; and J Clarke, Tneroton, 9. H W Wadsley, Ilighga.ce Fl. scratch, failed to get a place. being beaten by Moss. Final 1, J E Cowap ;2, R Evans ; 3, T Horan. Won by Six inches ; same between second and third. Time, 12seca. One Mils, Bicycle Handicap.-1, W J 1341 shaw, St. Helens, 165 ; 2, %V Collin. Warrington C.C., 105 ; 3, E Mutch, Altrinchant, 155. Won by two lengths, a similar distance parting second and third. Time, 2mist 38 4-ssecs...

300 Yards Elandicap.-1, G Griffiths, Livecpcol and a,C., 20 ; 2, H Peters, Widnes, 25 ; 3, P Ince. wicine, 26. Won y half a yarn.] ; ammo between sccend and third. Time, 31secs. Wadsley was beaten in the pretiminary beat.

Two Mils Bicycle Handicap.-1, W Collin, Warring- toe, 155; 2, E !dutch, Altrincharn, 230; 3, W G Smith, Liverpool, 260. A Crag, Altrincham, R Dutton, Rain- ford, and W J Balshaw, St. Helens. fell. Collin wan by a length and a half. ,4nd three lengths parted second and third. Time, 6roin _s9aecs.

Ono Mit, Hludicap.-1, W J Belk% Dawn- pstriek, 123 ; 2, J F Meharry, 4Yd Xaverians. 112 ; 3, P Connor, Widnes, 130. (i.lnd race, won by two yards, a similar distanca dividing the second and third. Time, 4 min. 19 2.5 secs.

Quarter-mile Handicap. —l. T H Samuels, Adlington, 34 ; 2, T Nevitt, Widnes, 30 ; 3, J Barnes, St. Helens, 26. Splendid race ; won by a few inches, twn yards dividing sec.mai ad third. Time, 50 secs. Wtdsley had catered fcr thie race but he did not run.

WIRRAL AND BIRICNNHEAD AGRICULTURAL SHOW. The Wirral and Birkenhead Agricultural show will be held on September 6th and 7th. It is always a tine one, and this year the prizos exceed .C 2,000 in value, in. addition to several challenge bowls and special prizes. As the entries will close on the 19th inst. (Saturday night's post) communi- cations should be sent tl the secretary, Mr. Artaur H. Edwardson, 6, Hamilton-street, Birkenhead.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:411,;

===== 0002601_18990818_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
TM. BEST TONIC.

- Nervous Troubles are closely related to troubles in the digestive organs; indeed, they are generally trace- able to defective digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach does not digest the food. the necessary supply of vital particles which the blood should recnive from properly digested food fails, the demand made upon the blood by the various organs of the body, for thue life and strength giving particles cannot be answered, and the result is felt almost imme- diately upon the sensative portions of the human organ, lain—the nerves. Impure blood irritates the nerves- and causes nervous debility. Weak persons are gener ally nervous. In nine cases out of ten if the imperfec digestion be remedied the nervousness and debility will disappear. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been tried and proved to be the best tonic ever discovered! It strengthens the digestion, purifies the blood, braces the nerves, and gives tone to the whole system, restor- ing its equilibrium, and increesing its powers of resisting disease. The Standard of Excellence in the preparation of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is without doubt. It is purely vegetable. It contains the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the Best Remedial Agents, and to possess the most Healing and Curative Properties, viz., Sarsaparilla,Burdock,Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dandelion scientifically com- bined in the most happy proportions with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. It is undoubtedly owing to its excellence that sufferers hem indigestion, Biliousness, and every phase of Dyspepsia are so rapidly relieved and set free from all symptoms of General De- I bility, Palpitation, Nervous Trembling, and Sleepless- ness. Gwilym Evans' I Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, or has been weakened by disease, and there- fore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. It purifies the blood and stimu'ates the cir- culation. I: assists and promotes Digestion, I sad improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles* It rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. It removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body. It gives one to the whole system. We would specially warn our readers to beware of unprincipled imitations. See the name" Gwilym Evans" on label, stamp, and bottle, and remember that any preparation offered as Quinine Bitters which does not bear this name (as above stated) is a fraudulent imitation and counterfeit. Gwilyn Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 91. and 4s. 6d. each, and in cases contain- ing three 4s. 61. bott'es at 12. 61. per case ; or it will be gent for the above prices post free direct from the Pro- prietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILYAI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

THE ISSIIING OF FREE WARRANTS.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Tuesday merr ing, before Mr. Birchen (in the chair), and Alder- man Sutton and Councillor Shaw Green, a powerfully built man named Daniel Higham, employed in one of the forges, was charged with having assaulted his wife on the 14th August—The complainant applied to the magietratee on Monday morning for a warrant against her huaband, and made out such a good case against him that it was granted without demur. She now stated that she did not wieh to prase the case against him.—The Chief Constable (to the magistrates): Yea remember what I said yesterday—that she would wish to withdraw the case when she got the warrant. —Pressed by the Bench, the woman said her husband returned to the 'lll3O "rather short tempered," and "gave her knock." The injury to her eye was caused by the fall.—Alslerman Sutton : Do you remeraber what you said yesterday ? There was no reply.—Tne Chief Constable : The weman is cemmitting deliteerate perjury. This is a case where a note shmuld be taken of the evidence, with a view to further proceedings being taken.—The Chair- men observed that some men appeared to treat their wives as if they were feotballs.—Complainant : It was quite an accident. —Alderman Sutton: You didn't say so yestorday.—The Chief Consteble : This sort of thing is becoming a perfect scandal and a farce—the issuine of free warrants.—The Chaiiman (to the woman) : You deliberately swore yesterday that an aesault had been committed, and now you want, woman-like, to get out of the matter.—Complainant : He only gave me a back- banded smack —The Chief Constable : She swore her evidence was true yesterday morning. She was either committing perjury then or now.—The Bench decided to bind defendant over to keen the peace for sir months in the stlll2 of £5, and orderel him to pay the cost of the case.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON_BOBOUGH POLICE COURT.

Tawiy.—Before the Mayor (Alderman d B Wright) prosid- ing,_Councillors Smethurst and Pierpoint. and Mr James

He•Phev. d. AN ADJOURNED Casr.-Patrick McDonald wee charged on a warrant with non-payment of arr its amoon'ing to £1 16s dd owing to the Guardians on account of his child.-Mr Shearer, who prosecuted, said an order was made upon de- fendant for 3 s per week for this child so far back as 1890. Since then the mother of the chi'd had died. The defendant had asked for the child to be taken in after he had taken it out and ne would pay 5s per week. He now wanted it out again, but the Guardians had formally adopted the child and he woeld have -3 pay towards it.-The case was adjourned for a fortnight. A BITCH oF ASSAULTS.-Jane Brown was summoned by Annie Notonfor a -ault on the 7th August. Both parties live in Leicester-s, t.-Mrs . Noton said Mrs Brown came into her yard on the day in question and called her a liar. Defendant picl-ed up a buolt-t and threw it at her saving shs would kill her "stone dead." Complainant then went into her house and Mrs. Brown went to the front door and split a panel of tl-e C-..0r.-Iwo daughters of complainant corroborated.- Evidence was also given for the other sicle,-Jane Bro-en was also summoned for assaulting Annie Leiden-Complainant said de:enda.nt threw a brick at her ant hit her on the head and then got hold of her by the hair of her head.-Wife and daughter of the complainant also deposed to the assault. Annie Leddin was then el. ,rged with rsaulthag Jane Brown on the same date.-Mvidenee NV As given in support -Tlo, Bench dismissed all the ca.. ;II and ordered sash to pay their own costs. ALL Taw. nun else GoaTe.-A.lfred Cook /treaded not guilty to assaulting Timothy Brannon on the sth August.- Both part'es lived in Knutsford-raad.-Brannon said the de- fender t came to him on the day in question and wanted him (complainant) to remove his goats. Defendant claimed three yards inside his garden. He called hi zi a swine knoltred him down and lumped on his chest.-Def,ndant said com- plainant pulled him by the legs and he (defendant) fell on top of complainant. -Evidence was given !and the mag7F.trates bound defendant over to ksep the peace and pay the costs. THREATS AGAINST A COCRNEY.--John Lythgoe. jun., 91. Sharp-stree, and George Wagstaffe. Marsh House-lane were summoned for using .threats towards Gcarge Moulding, 89. Sharp-street.- Comptainan a cockney, said he was wakened out cf his sleep by ceteeck.ints. eating him flare es. He ex- plaited to the bench that his. aye aud the wife of one of the defendants had been very intimate and got to know too much of each other's business -Defendants were bound over and ordered to pas the costs. PAID -014 vo STHE HORSE. -Richard Weilings C3,Nicisolson- street, was charged with ill-treating a horse by working it In an unit state on the 26th Jule.-P,C. Smith said he saw the animal In Queen-street on the day in question. attaehol to a greengrocer's cart It was in a very weak condition and could hardly etand. There was a wound on its withers and one close to the saddle. *Defendant told him that when he bought tin, horse he did not know it was in the bad condition It was.-Inspector Canning R.S.P.O A., esrroborated. The ani:nal had since been killed, and he would withdraw the vas, payment of costs.-Defendant said he had had the ho s, a fortnight when thePolicanan saw it. He gave £l4 for it.-The c,ase was wi:hdrawn on payment of costs. IN POSSESSION oF WILD Bpans•-Richard Hewitt. 6 Apple- ton-street, was summoned for having two wild birds in his possession on the let August.--P.C. Baxendale said he saw two thrushes in a esge in front of defendant's house on the day in qmstien.-Inspector Canning said the birds were about 11 weeks ofd. They could not fly.-D,fendant said he bou,.ht them front a man in the lane.-ordered to pay the costs of the case.

SI:TUT:DAY.— Before Messrs. T. Birchall (in the chair), T. Fairclough and J. W. HaywKrd. DRUNKENNESS. —Thomas Miclisol, Hill•street. was charged with havine. been drunk and disorderly in Hill-street at 12-23 en Friday aiternoorp—P.S. Uvana proved the case.—Witness had also heard numerous complaints about prisoner from the tradesmen in the neighbnurhood, who described hirn as a perfect nuisance.—Superintendant Monoglian said this was prisoner's 14th appearance. Prisoner was committed to prison for 14 days with hard labour.—Sarah :Varney and Catherine Degherty, of Ship-yar, were e,ch sent to prison for 14 days,' hard labour, for having been drank and disor- derly in Bridge-street at 2 20 on Friday afternoon MONDAY.—Before Mr. Monks (in the chair), Aldermen Button and Blackhurst,. Councillors Smetharst and t•Liaw

Green. and Messrs Birchen and Wright. TEANSF,7.R.S o Deg:ler:B.—The following transfers were grassed :—To Mrs Atherton, 19. (Makell-street, from her late husbend ; Elizabeth Flinston. from David Plinston,deceased, King's Arms, Buttermarket-street ;'Ham:Brown, from Themes Hetten. Lower Seven Stars, Bridge-street ; Patrick Lana, from Patrick Reddingten. Bird-in-hand Beerhouse, Bank-street, • Samuel Wakefield, from Thomas Edward Crumbell, tireat Central Ifnsl; William Sheldon Beecham. from John Beecham, eff-lieenae, 63, Priestley-street John Righe, from Sam•iel Bertles, off-license, 127, Bewsev-rnad ; and Samuel Tavlin, from James Griffin, off-license, 24, War- burton-street, NINICELLANEO,S.—The following were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—Frederick Noton, 4th August, lOs and costs ; Thomas Mitchel!, 6th August, 10s and costs ; Ellen McLenghlin, 7th August, 55 inc uding costs.—Alfred ?Intl, was fined Ss and costs for being drunk in Queen-street on the 7th August.—Sarah Ellen Jackson was hound over fel' breech of the peece Is Winwick-roed on the 7th August. —Margaret eoherty was sent to gaol for one menth's hard labour for indecent behaviour in Golden Grove-street on the previous night. BRFAC iF THE PE ICE Mary Ford, Cockhedge-lane, Hannah Curley, James-street, and Annie Taylor, James. street, were summoned for committing'a breach of the peace on let August in James-street.'' Clough said he found the three defendants fghting on the fleor with their hands in each other's hair.—They were bound over to keep the peace, the Chairman remarking that they had better put the eloves on the next time they wanted to fight. Tit?. Beaten TratoWING NUISANCE Hultnes (15), 92. Wakefie'd-street ; James Webster (14), 42, Priettiv-st. ; Walter Pritebard (12), 17, Cartwright-street ; James Clarke, 44, Elizabeth-street, ; William McCabe (12), 11, Leicester-st.: and Frank Sedgeley, 45, 'Elizebeth-street, were charged with throwing stones near Aikin-street to the danger of pas- ol the 7th inst.—P.C. Kane stated that he was on special duty in plain clothes in the vicinity of the Infectious Diseases Nospital at about eight o'elock on Bank Holiday,

when he saw the defendants with others throwing stones. They were divide l into two parties, and one party was throwing stones at the otter party. Re heard that they had been playing cricket, had quarrelled, and finished up by throwing stones at each other.—Misa Langhorne, a nurse from the hospital, said that stones were wilfully thrown over the hospital walls. Some had been thrown through the windows and the patients had been struck Dr Gornall had made many complaints, and in consequence of Om stone throwing he had forbidden the p %Vents to go to a part of the ground.—The Chief Constable remarked Oa the boys were continually throwing stones in that district.—The Chairman said it was a pity they could not thrash them.—They were each fined sa.

TITESDA.T.—Before Messrs. T. Birchall (in the chair), Alderman T. Sutton, and Counclitor Shaw Green- DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—WiIIiam Duckworth, charged with hAving been drunk and disordw.ly in Scotland-road, on Monday alernoon, was fined 5s and costs. MaTcxxs AND HA.Y ---A middle-aged man named Jahn Littler, was charged with sleeping in the hay in Arpley fields at a quarter to one this morning.—P.C. Clough, who was acemnpanied to the fields by three other police 'Abate, proved the case. He said he found the prisoner asleep on some loose hay. He had a box full of matches in his possession. Much damage had been done of late by people sleeping out as the prisoner had dons.—Committed to gaol for seven days. WEDNEIDA.Y.—Before Alderman James Fairciough (chair-

man) and Meors._Gaddes and Birahall

DRUNK IN THR PARIC.—John Donovan, described as a tromping tailorlwas fined 103 and cotts or 14 days' hard labour for being druak and disorierly in Bask Park the previous day. _

A FEUD AND I FicinT.—Thomas Mooney and Frani; Shaw were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Powys-street the previous night and with using obscene language at tha same time and place. —P.C. Carter said he found the two defendants on the floor fighting and using most filthy language. He went to them to separate them and asked them for their addresses, but they refused to give tem. He took !them into custody.— The Chief Constable soli there was a long standing feud between the two men:—Bound over to keep the peace in sureties, and pay costs or 14 days' hard lahoar.

WARRINGTON OCCASIONAL COURT. SATURDA.Y.—Beforo Mr. J. F. A Frost.

THEFT or APPLES. —Two youths. named Thomas Raffey 85. Queen-street. Hahne. and William Lappin, Springfield road, Pendleton, were charged with stealing a eleven pounds of apples, of the value 2s. 6d., the property of Weary Tar- wood. from the orchard at Rose Cottage. Rixton, at six o'clock on Saturday morning.—P.O. Clarke proved the case and stated that he saw the defendants at about half-past five on Saurday morning in Manchester-road, Rixton, going in the direction of Warrington. He noticed that Raffey was carrying a bundle. Witness asked him what he bad in it, and he replied that he had some applies and that Lappin had bought them for 3d. Witness Also noticed that his pockets were full of apples. and when be told them that they had stolen the fruit they ran away. Witness gave chase and caught Raffey and took him to the police station. He then procured a bicycle and went after Lappin, and captured him at Cadishead. They were each fined 53.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

W EDNEIDAY. —Before _Captain Withington (in the Chair)

and Mr: Josiah Ball..

AN ORFORD LA.UNDRYMA.N'S DILEMMA.—David Taylor, Winwick, was summoned to show cause why he should not be compelled to pay the sum of 21 191 64 due to Jessie Monks for work done at his laundry.—Defendant said he was not in a position to pay the money —Complainant stated that the defendant had not made any offer to pay. He was a laundryman at Orford. and the money was for the work done by her for him. He would not pay anything.—Defen- dant said he had only been in business six months, and had only been earning money during the last month, and then he was earning aeout 308 per week. Complainant had declined to accept 5s per week. He sometimes took 5s a week, but had to pay expenses.—P.C. Heath said that defendant had told him on Sunday, the 30h July, that that week he made £3 3s when he had paid all his expenses and he (witness) told the complainant 80.—Defendant denied having said so.—The magistrates ordered the defendant to pay the money by saturday, and in default of payment he would be committed to prism' for one month. UNREGISTERED CANAL BOAT.— Thomas Griffiths was charged with using an unregistered canal boat on the canal at Sankey on the 28th July. as a dwelling-house, and the Manchester and Liverpool Transport Company Limited, of Liverpool, were charged,with allowing the boat to be so used. —Defendant said the boat was one of the number of new ones and was registered, but not in their name.—lnspector Ker- foot stated that on the 28th of last month he saw the boat in the Sankey canal, and asked for its certificate of registra- tion. Defendant said he had not got one. When witness examined the boat he found that it was not registered according to the Act. He asked deendant if it was used for habitation. and he answered that it was. He communicated with the firm, and he ascertained tnat the boat was one that had recently been bought.—Defendants were fined 10s. and costs in each case.

CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Edward Davies, 9, Erwood-street Warrington, was charged with illtreating a horse by beating It on the 7th August at Winwiek.—Mr Mounfield. Horse- market-streert stated that he was going down Winwiok-road with some friends on bicycles on the date in question, and when near the Longford Arms Hotel they saw the defendant unmercifully thrashing a mare on its legs and head, and in doing so he broke bla whip. They followed him to Win wick and h. illtreated the animal the whole of the way.—P.C. Groarke said that at four o'clock on the 7th August he met the defendant, who was drunk. In charge of a horse and terry, laden with children. He saw that the horse'e mouth was bleeding and that the animal was trembling, lie asked him for his name and address but he refused to give him them. Witness also asked him if he hid broken the whip over the h )rse and he replied "Yee."—Defendant was fined 10a and costs for having illtreated the horse. DRUNKENNES'.—The following persons were fiae4l for drunkenness :—John Kelly. Robert Berry,and Daniel Hollins of BurtonwOod ; John Blacken and Edward Armstrong. THE MUZZLING Twigg was fi-ied 33 6d for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled on the 7th August at Cuerdley.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MomptY.—Before Sir Richard Brooke (chairman)l nd Messrs. James Handley, John Ockleston, V. J. Norrnia, aal $7 Timmins.

EXEMPTION FRIM VACCINATION*—AIfreI Jame‘, o! the Boat House Inn, Runcorn, applied or a certincate of exemp- tion from vaccination in respect of his infant daughter Minnie. He had a conscientious objection to vaccination The Chairman : What makes you think it will be bad for your child P—Witness : What I have soon other children suffer.—The application was granted.

" QUARRELLING WIIIT THE LODGER.—IIary Guy, Of Pen- keth-lane, Runcorn, was summoned for using obscene lan- guage on the 22nd July.—She pleaded gulltv.—Police-con- stable Wilson stated about 11 30 on the 22nd of July he heard a;cry of' murder" in Penketl-'ane. Oa ;going to the spat he found defendant and a lodger of hers fighting i a the holse. They were both drunk. He took the lodger aw ty and would not allow hint to go hick to abuse the wJal sn ; the woman however came out on to the step and used bad langmage.—Superintendent D Pearson stated that since the information had be-n laid the woman had behaved very well.—Fined ss. or 7 days. THE PART THE LODGER PLAYED—Patrick ,orcoran (che lodger referred to) in answer to a charge of drunk and dis orderly on the 22nd of July, said he was certainly drunk but not dlsorderly.—Police-Constable Wilson prored the case and said the prisoner %anted ta go back and fight the " old lady " That witness would not allow, with the result that defendant caused him a great deal of trouble.—Defendant (cross-exanuning) : Didn't you take hold of me and pull my shirt off 9—Witness : No.—The Magistrates' Clerk : If you have anything to say r.O can tell your tale to the magistrates now. —Defendant : I may as well talk to the moni I will say "nowt !"—The Chairman : You will be fined 5s snot costs or 14 days.—Defendant decided to go to prison.

FRQFANE LANGUAGE. —Elizabeth Ann Nichols, of Gilbert- straet, Runcorn, pleaded guilt y to using obscene language in the street on the Sth July.—Police-Constable Wilding, wha preyed the case stated he was on duty in Percival-lane, and heard the defendant use the language in the next street. On going to her and asking her name she said she had not got one (Laughter.)—Fined 5s or 7 days in default. OBSTRUCTION IN THE STREETS.—A. NUMBER OF DEFEND• ANTS FINED —Martin Gilligan, William Cawley. Walter Matthews, Joseph Price, Joseph Lenford, all youths of Run- corn, r leaded guilty to obstructing the footpath in Station- read, Runcorn, on the 4th August.—Poice Constable Fry stated at about 7-45 on the 4th of the present month, in censequence of numerous complaints, he was on duty in Station-road "In plain clothes, tie saw the defendants obstructieg the path, 34 that a large number of passengers and general public had to get off the foltpath to pass then . He watched them for about a quarter of au hour.—Mr. H. Prescott. stationmaster, testified to the saarce of annoyance these loiterers were, and said he had received numerous Com- plaints. He had cautioned the defendants, Cawley and Gilligan, on several occasions, but they just shuffled off a few yards and returned. He hal seen both pa=sengers and public compelled to leave the footpath.—The Chairman observed the practice would have to be put a stop to ; still the defend- eats were being leniently dealt with this time ; they would be dismissed on paying 55 Gd costs each.— George Santley, Davin Smith, Harry Yates, George N.lamley, and James Woodilr, all pleaded guilty to a similar offence committed in Greenway-road. Runcorn, on the 6h of August. —Police-constable Samuel Breeze proved the offence, and the defendants were also admonished by the Chairman, and fined 5s 6d. each. The money was paid. DAMAGE TO FRUIT TRERB AT RuNcohx.—Frederick Hard- ing. aged 10 years, residing with his father in Sh w-street, Runcorn, was summoned by Mr. Samuel Cooper, of West- field-road. Runcorn, for unlawfully damaging fruit trees and stealing apples on the 26th July —Harding pleaded guilty awl elected to be summarily dealt with.—Samuel Cooper stated he kept a garden attached to his residence in which there was a number of app,e trees. On the 24th of July he found the boy in the garden. The lad had ruined two of his trees, having broken the principal boughs ; he had also taken a number of apples. Complainant, however did not mind the apples, and had told the boy's father that if he

===== 0002601_18990818_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RHITATION 8r ROUGHNESS

SUNS

Bottlcs M.B=l-1..62/1 Ze. SON. d.. 15., nilci 25.6 d. CHELTENHAM ;12.-4171412-15114164161fra1-all

Eitt?-n-V*4s*.SQ'

-, a WEPS TEE SKRI • REFFESIIPn p.:k $ "0 to?, ;4, t4,t ',''' ,f • ' 5' entir2:y i... „g. I .- ,„,•*_.„_4;i-; removes, & 126 - -,. pi - events ail $ URN, I-IF" - A I

===== 0002601_18990818_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18 1899'

paid for the damage to the trees (se) he would nob prosecute at all.—ln answer to Mr. F. Johnson. the little bo7 eald he had been put up to go for the apples by other boys older thin hims.T.—The Bench give judgment for 2s 6d damage, and coste.—A week was allowed in which to pay.

Tern " KNoCKER9-UP " Karoex OYR •AioTHER DoWN.— Herbert George ?ye, knocker-up of King-street, was sum- moned by Thomas Kerfoot, knocker-up of the scene address, for assaulting him on the 31st of Jaaly.—A cross-surnmons was taken out by Pye.—Both cases were taken simultane- ously, and both defendaets pleaded not guilty.—Thomas Kerfoot, 16, King-street, stated that he was a " knocker-up at all hours "and lived in King street, opposite to the house of George Pye who was also a "knocker-up." On Moniey. the 31st of July.at about 3 a.m. he met Pye in Church-street near to the National Schools. Pye then grossly insulted him and threatened him with abusive language. Complain- ant then went down Queen-street and when he got round the corner Pye had followed him and ran up to him and knocked him down. They were then near to Hulse's coal yard. Pye knocked him down with his fists, but when he was down on the floor he also kicked him. Pye was wearing shoes at the time. Witness though almost insensible struggled to get up and succeedel in keeping up by helding on to a padlock. He told Pye he would take proceedings, and Pye said he did not care for him or his proceedings. He felt he was in danger of his life as Pye had threatened him and he appealed to the beuch for "mercy and protection." Cress-examined by Pye witness adhered to his statements, and said he had never laid hands on hira.—Herbert George Pye gave his evidence, which was to the effect that when they met as he was proceeding on his rounds Kerfoot said" He would swipe him in the jaw" for tomething, and caught him by the throat. He simply defended himself.—The bench decided to bind both the defendants over in their own recognizences for £5 to keep the peace for six months. ILL-TREATING A STEP-FATHER.—Joha Hughes, of Nelson- street, was summoned by William Knowles, his step4ather, for assaulting him en the 29th of July,—Defendant pleaded guilty.—William Knowles stated that he was the step-father of Hughea, having married Ws mother. On the 26th, he went in about half past one anti asked for and got his dinner from his wife. D,fendant was ;ying on the sofa. He then naked for his boots, when without any ado the defendant got off the sofa and came running and struck him in the face. His mother got hold of witness by the shoulders whilst he "pasted" his face something shamefully. He had been unable to eat since. One side of his face was treated so.nething scandalous and the defendant said "I will give you your boots." On applying for the summons he had shown his face to the magistrates and the police.—Superintendent Parson said he saw that the man had been badly abused—Defendant was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days hard labour. FAMILY JARS I SEQUEL 70 A. Row IN TRRNTRAM-STRRICT. —Margaret Rose, 15, arentham-street. Runcorn, was sum- moned by her aunt Mama Shaw, 16, Trentham-street. for assaulting her on the 10th a August last.—Mr. Lake(solicitor) Runeorn,appeared for Mrs. Shaw.and Mr. Knowles (solicitor), Widnes, for the defence.—Mr. Lake said it would ap ear that some unpleasantness existed between the families who lived in the two end houses of a row separated by Portland-street, which had been of long sten ling, Mrs. Shaw wee engaged In some shoeping on the dete in question, and upon her re- turn a row had been commenced by the defendant's mother. who was also his client's sister, which resulted in the daughter assaulting her by striking her twice in the face and once on the neck . Mary Shaw said she was the wife of David Shaw. and lived at 16, Trentham-street, Runcorn. She was a sister to Mrs Rose who lived at 15, Trentham-street, the mother of the defendant. They had not been friendly for ' a number of years On Thursday afternoon her ether sister, Mrs. Marshall came to have tea with her. Witness went up the street to do some shopping and was set on by Mrs. Rose. She returned and having done some sweeping put her brush down and went into the house. On coming out she found her brush had been thrown away. She was told that by Margaret Rose. rihe went to fetch the brush in and Margaret Rose followed her and threatened her what she would do for her, and then she did it and struck her in the face with her closed fist. She also used abusive language to her in the presence of a large crowd. The girl called her vile names and " hump back." Witness had been subject to great annoyance from the people ever since the summons was taken out.-13v Mr. Knowles She dii not raise her brush to strike defendant. The family jarring had been going on for some time—ever since witness had been married. She did tell the girl "she had got all she wanted when she struck her."—By Mr. Lake It was Mrs. Rose that commenced the row.—Margaret Fernival, wife of Joseph Fernival, stated she saw the assault. She did not I he wever hear defendant say to Mra. Shaw " If you call my mother bad names 1 will hit you," neither did she hear Mrs. Shaw say when the girl struck her" That is right you have given me what I wanted." Pressed by Mr. Knowles on this paint witness said if Mrs. Shaw did say so in court it was I because she was" flurried."—Mr. Knowles Oh ! she was flurried was she; but I can't say you are flurried. (Laugh- ter.) -Charlotte Wilding. 53, Bentick-street ; Elizabeth Coals,wife of Frank Ceals,49,Portiand-street. corroborated as to the assault. One of them also stated that Mrs. Shaw placed the brush to stand against the wall and told the Roses to talk to that whilst she went into the house. —Mr. Knowles characterised the whole affair as one of those family jars, of such a trifling kind, for which it would be unwise to fine his client or punish her. He admitted the offence, his client had struck her aunt the one slight tap on the cheek which had neither discoloured nor very much hurt her. Indeed whilst talking of these family jars he was reminded of some rhyme he had heard a friend of his use, which was as fellow's : "Jars of meat, and jars of jam. Jars of mustard ; jars of ham ; That these the only jars may be In a well conducted ramily." (Laußhter.) Feasibly in this case if the Bench exercised their powers under a first offence, and dismissed the case, or ordered the pay- ment of costs it would be met. -Sarah Rose, married woman, said her husband was a dock master. She had a family of ten children. She Admitted she spoke to her sister because she was " slobbering" her foot along the floor and looking hard at her. They were talking for some time before her daughter assaulted her. Her daughter heard them " agate " and said " Aunt I will not have you talking and abusing my ' mother. If youdon't stop I will smack you." Her daughter. I did so too, because her sister " rose " up the brush she had in her hand te strike her, and threatened to " sweep off her long I face."—By Mr Lake: Her daughter did not come to stand with her bands on her hips and execute a kind of a"war dance."— Margaret Rose, the complainant swore that her aunt was acnoying her mother and she went to her and said "She would slap her if she abused her mother like that." Her aunt took up the brush to strike her and she struck her on the cheek.—By Mr. Lake: She had had a bother with her aunt before.—Alexander Hammond. 24. West-street, Widnes, corroborated this statement, He saw Mrs Shaw raise the brush to strike Margaret Rose. He was no friend of either party and was only passing at the time.—By Mr. Lake: He had been asked by the Roses to appear.—After a brief con- sultation the Chairman said they had decided to bind the defendant over to keep the peace for six months, her self in £5 and one like surety, and ordered her to pay costs and advocete's fee Lila Gd.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION Y. BRICK-STREET AND FRIA.Rie- GREEN, S.B.—Played on the ground of the former, and re- sulted in a win for Brick-street by 3) runs. Score 63 to 23. Evans batted well for the visitors, Wilcox also bowled well, taking six 'wickets for ten runs. BARLESTOWN V. LEIGH —This return fixture was played at Leigh on Saturday. The clubs are now looked upon in the respective towns as ken rivals, and much interest was i. c3rts,qusac3 centred in the match male keener perhaps because of the fa-.lt th tt a draw was made on the Earlestown ground earlier in the season. Earle.town went to the wickets first and suc.teeded in putt:ng togeth-3r the respect- able total of 142, out of which finish contributed a very useful 46, and ilusband 36. whilst Reads put on 24. Leighs stay at the wickets was cut short just on the call tf time much dissatisfaction being expressed at Williams being given out "leg before." it being evidently tne intention of Leigh to play for another draw, when it bastme quite certain that time would not allow of a win. Scores :

RARLESTOWN. G3lusban..l c Unsworth b

LEIGH. J W Williams o Alderson

-Turner. F Reade c S Williams b May 11l (oro) c Heade b Hindley W Crowther b Turner 0 14 Williams b Huish 1 Huish a Williams b Garsidc 46 S T Uarside a Butler b

J Alderson c Unsworth b Huish - 0 Hindley 2 J 'V Turner b Huish B Foreman c Hindley 13 W Hindley b Jenkinson 32 Turner... .. 1 J M Pass c Burrell b

F Butler a Hilton b Gar- Alderson l2 side I 9 W Stewart b Jenklmson 6 W Jenkinson b Turner 0 W Emmett c K Williams Huish b Turner 3 S H Williams lbw b Jen- J Burrell a Hindley b kinson Turner 3 J 14, Hilton uot out 4 J Marsh not out lO Extras 3 Extras 8

_ Total

Total 129

WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICi COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting; of this Council was held at the Bewsey-itreet Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. J. Ball presiding. There were als3 present :—Messrs J Knowles, A. Brooks, W Houghton, W Forshaw, H Thorn- ton, with J Thompson (surveyor), F Kerfoet (inspector) Dr Seoliton (medical officer), JO Sutton (clerk), and Mr S Sutton (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_18990818_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BRIDUES YOUTH DROWNED AT WIDNES.

THE INQUEST.

The death by drowning of James Leigh, son of Joseph Leigh, flatman, who resided at the Stoop-yard, Sankey firidgee, occurred on Thursday night feet week. De- ceased, in company with two other young men, went to the Widnee Toeatre. Leigh said at the e'oie of the per- formance that he would go home to Sankey Bridees,hut instead of doing so he went back to his boat, which was lying in the Sankey and St. Efelens Canal, near the Alkali Works. The first intimation that anything was wrong was the first finding of the deceased's cap on the dock on Friday morning. Information was given to the polica, and dragging operations were promptly com- menced. The body was brought to the surface about half-past five. Mr. Briehouse held an incret at Widnes on Monday concerning the death of Jame.) Leigh, aged seventeen, who was fund drowned in the Sankey and St. Helens Canal on Friday.—Joseph Leigh said he lived in Sloop- yard, Sankey Bridges, and the deceas-d with him. They went by the flat Effie to Liverpool on the s'h inst., and in consevence of a few sharp words they had,deceased left the fiat at the Prince's Dock and sailed to Widnes. On Thursday deceased and his mate:4 Hatton and Rother- ham went to the Alexandra Theatre at Widnes. They came out at eleven o'clock, and they and the deceased es,nt towards the boat. They left decemed at the bottom of the Soap Waste Wharf. Deceased was three-parts drunk. On Friday morning they fund his cap on the deck, and the coroner said it was very clear how it heppened. The father of the deceased said it was unusual for his son to get drunk. Rnther- ham and Hatton gave corroborative evidence. All three men had been drinking.—The Coroner said the wit- nesses were no: going to say how deceased got into the wafer. He supposed they felt ashamed of themselves. Rotherham said he was twenty years of age ; Hatton nineteen. If this was their idea of enjeyment to get blind drunk and then leave a youth of seventeen to go home by himself they ought to be ashamed. Their duty was to look after him and see he arrived safe home. There was no objection to their taking a glass of beer when they were thirsty, an I have done with it. Be did not :want them to be teetotallers. If they did not mend their ways they would be in the canal—Toe jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned."

===== 0002601_18990818_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CRURCFIES.

WYCLIFFE P. S. A.

The usual service in connection with the above Society was presided over by the Rev. John Davies of Rishton who delivered a brief address on " UscAiscions Influence." Mr. S'ringer.of Leigh.was the speaker, and taking the 23rd Psalm as a basin, gave an inspiring ad• dress on David's Confide cet in God's providence. Mr. woolacott sang as a solo. " Bhold me standing at the door." Messrs T Walli;•gton and B Farrar also took part in the servie,e. GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET.

On Sutviav, Mr. Williamson of Present, gave an ad- dress on " Queen Ether." He told the store of how Esther a captive maid of Judea was brought to the pakce of Shushan an orphan, she grew in tavour with the King and became Queen in place of Vashti. Perse- cution set in against the Jews, and their lives were at stake. Esther". at the risk of her life entered the King's presence and after two feasts pleaded for her life if nd the lives of her people. The preacher said it was a picture of a nresent day reality. They were all as sinners under sentence of death. Jesus went into the presence of God as it were and not only risked His life, but kid down His life as a ransom to obtain parciPn for the guilty ones. Ho now sat, the King of Glory with power to forgive sins and grant everlasting life and said " Who- soever will, let him take the Water of life freely."

===== 0002601_18990818_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
To MOTHERR.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists is Id per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

I N view of the approaching Football Season, f t may be In- teresting to state that the world-famed manuf icturers. GEO. G. BUSSEY &On , of London, are prep:vine a stock of Balls, which for quality, uniformity, an-1 durability:- will be unique. These loAlls will be distinguished by the apprarance thereon of their well known trade mark 4:-ErGEFO. Ask the local t9ports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 dc 33, Queen Victoria-street London Factories —Peckham, London; and Birnswell, Suffolk.—Adet.

* * Secretaries or Cricket Clubs are requested to note tha reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

WARRINGTON Y. BLACELET.—These teams met at Blackley on Saturday.the proceeds of the match being set apart for the benefit ot Turner, the home professional. The visitors won the match due to their smart fielding. Score : _ Ist inns. WARRINGTON. 2nd inns. _ _

J Callon b Turner 5 b Morris 8 Thewlis b Turner 0

B Connor b lurner 4l not out J W Bibby b Turner 9 Thompson o Hibbert b Turner 8 b Maddock ... 27 T Kiowles b Turner 2l

W H Pidmore b Turner ...... 0 c Phillips b Morris... 4 R Plerpoint c aud b Boardman 1 _ _

E 11 Wood b Turner 8

A Duckworth c Phillips bTurner 11 not out G Ilampson not out listras 26 Extras 8

Total l3l Total BLICILLTCY. T Boardman b Connor 4l A. E Hanson a Hampson b Connor 2 E Radford b Connor 0 F Hibbert b Thewlis. J Wild lbw Bibby . C Maddick lbw b Thompson l4 W Phillips b Connor 1 Turner not out J Morri3 run out H Spencer b Thevrlis A. Parkimon a Connor b Thevvlis 4 Extras...

Total 93 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. BLACKLY. 0. M. R. W

. .. .. Turner 11.3 6 18 3 Parkinsm Hibbert 3 0 23 0 J W Bibby 8 2 22 1 B3ardnian j Thon2pson ... 7 4 6 1

BLACICLEY V. WARRI‘GTON (2ND TEAMS).—Th9se teams met on the ground of the latter on Saturday, the homesters winning easily. Score : BLiCaL .4Y 2ND. WARRINGTON 2ND. J T Brine b Crompton 2 C Adamson lbw b Mad- -11 Maddiek b Gibson 6 dick C Smith st Pickton b B Si!cock b Maddick

Crompton 35 1 Crompton o& b Parkin- J Parkinson c Chomps= b son 1

- Gibson 6 T Houghton c Parkinson b J mime lbw b Gibson 9 Maddick G Howarth c Pierpoint b E Pierpoint ti Chadwick 2B Gibson A Simpson b Crompton Paterson b Crompton... 0 Jl4 Bryant b Simpson 4O A C Chadwick a Pierpoint F Proud a Brine b Parkin- 1, Crompton 9 son 0 H Loathe- b Crompton ... 2 A Thompson b Chadwick 19 W Howard not out .... C G Bennett c Parkinson b Simpson B Gibson not out 2 Extras

Tot 11

_ Total l3O

SAHICRY WIRE MILLS Y. WIDNES WHITE ROSE —Played at Widnes on Saturday. and ended to .a victory for the visitors by 44 runs Score:—

WIDNES WHITE ROSE. WIRE MILLS. Anderson by J Evans 9 Hawthorn lbw b Nadler... 2 Davies b Marshall 4 Lavell T Barber 0 Sadler b J Evans Hill c Lavell b Evans Martindale b Marshall J Barber c J Evans b Clarke lbw b reasdale ... 14 Marshall 3 Pritchard c an i b Sadler 2 Hart e Lavell b Marshall 1 It Cook e Teasdale b Hart 7 Teasdale b J Evans 0 W Evans b Teasdale 22 Biggs run out Robinson c Marshall b J Monks b T Barber ... 8 Evans 3 Foden not out ll T Barber not out 5 Extras 5 Extras

Total

Total 92

PETRR WA.LICER. IND Sr, LUVIITED V. HELSBY.—This math was played on till Brewery groun 1 on Satur4ay and resulted man easy wiu for the home team. Scores:—

BIIRWERY. HELSEL 11 Allen b Cartw i tht Ashton 0 Cartwright b Hird!ng c Ashton, b Leech -. ll Bailey Caine b Cowap 0 Cartwright c Mimi. Ash. Wright run out l4 ton a Bailey c and b Cartwright 6 °Drat b Ashton Arber run out l2 Jones b Bailey 7 Todd b Harding 27 Hinds run out t 3 Fairhurst run out 3 Leech c Caine, b Ashton 5 Wilmer not out .. Alcock b Booth 0 Greenway not out... ...... 3 Lloyd a Guest b Cowap l2 Bibby b Ashton 6 Cowap a and b Bailey 1 Extrass

Total 155 Total .. 31 SANKEY WESLEYINS v. FEA.arrrfEA.D.Played at Love ly lane, and resulted in a tie. Score :

SANKEY WEILEYA.NS. FEARNMEAD. W Bennett b e Turner ...... 3 G Warren run out 14 Powell b C Turner 0 T Boyd b T Watkins ...... 0 G Morrell b C Turner A Highley bJ Dawson l6 J Hughes a and b T F Light a 3Warren b J Watkins ... 26

Dawson T Watkins b T Boyd 22 Morrall C Jones b C Turnee T Light not out J Pemberton b T 80yd...... 0 J Dawson b (1- Morrall B Evans b J Daw50n.....,... 6 E Hughes not out A Msrsliall c and b R R Craughton b T Watkins 0 FrAser 1 J Harrington run out 0 J Corradine c Light b G Moffatt Extras 2 Extras lO

Tot al

Total

ARPLEY C.C. v. ST. JAME4'll.—Played on Arpley ground. D P inston bowled well, taking eigkt wickets for one run. Scores :

ST. .T.A.MF.S'S CC. .A.RPLET C C. B Harris b D Plinston ... 7 D Plinston b Knight W 1-1 Knight a Hughes bll J qughes b Harris Jewkes 3 H Jewkes b Harris Ashurst 13,D Plinsten 1? Scott b Plinston G Harris Winstanley b Plinston 0 F Jewkes b Knight 5 P Knitht b J Hughes Critchlev b D Plinston ... 0 J W Plinston b Knight G Knight b D Plinston ... 1 C Reid run out Todd not out ltdcdsten b D Plinston 1 W Lake not out 9 Stowell b D Plinston

stauley Extras

Total Mort LEGE( V. ARLEY PAR.—At High Lee'. Score :

ARLEY PA RI(. HIGH LEGH. Nelson b Gorton... 0 Gorton b Smith Ireland b Go. ton 2 Hulrne o Laldrnan b Smith c Hudson b Farrer 3O Smith 29 Laidman b firazendale Dr Love b Gorton Warburton c Ilulme b Ireland Brazendale l9 Farrer c Smith b Orton... 32 Fairish b Farrel* Hamby b Brazendale 3 Harn,len b Orton 23 J Orton h Brazend,.le G Orton b Brazendale Charlton not out l2 Davies b Ireland 0 Extras 6 Extras l2

Total 97

Total l2l

I,7l:wrox 2ND v. GLAzE BURY. —Played at Glazebnry on Saturday. Score : GLAtzESURY. NEWTON 2ND. A W Holden b Rylanee 8 B Barr b Cooper F Wood c Harrison b Briggs 12 T Cooke c Flitcroft b D Silcock h Rylancs P Collier c Wilkinson b S.Henderson b Holden 5

Rylance F FlRcroft b Rylance W Peel b Wilkinson _ _

.... ._ . .. ... _....„ W Cooper b ftylanC,i F Peters b Rviln" H Pomfret c Perry b Wit- Cooper 2 kinson S Shaw b Wilkinson Slater not out F Harrison b Cooper 0 D Jones (sub) not out Extras 9 Extras 3

Total 59

Total

HIRLESTOWN 2ND V. LEIGH 2ND—Played at Earlestown on Saturday. resulting in a very easy win for the home eleven by 107 runs, and 4 wickets. Score :

EARL ESTONVN. LPIGH. W Hatton b S Wilson If Dtviea b J Ashcroft 2O J Bssllsmy b Davies Clarke c Porter b J Emmolt lbw b Harrison 0 Emmott R A tfubluson c Horrobin J Harrison b H Davies b Aslrroft J Marsh not out 34 Davies A Limond c & b Ashcroft 0 A Ward b Harrison A Tarbuck bW B Ashcroft 2 T H Horrobin b Harrison 0 D Owen not out l7 J Aahcroft b Hatton .18 J Vernon, J. Hatton and J Aspinall c Vernon b W. Harrison did pot bat Hatton 2 H L Moulds b Harrison Extras

Total fer 8 wkt5...148

_ Total

===== 0002601_18990818_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

THE MEDICAL. OFFICER'S REPORT.

The MEDICAL OFFICER (Dr. Sephtau) reported that for the month the excess of births over deaths was 8. The death rate from all causes was equal to 13 per thousand against 12. The excess of births over deaths WAS 8, and the death rate for all causes was equal to 13 per thousand against 12 the average of the last three months. The death rate fram zymotic diseases was equal co 1 per thousand azainst '8 the average rate of the last three months. The one death in the zvmoric class was due to membranous croup and occurred at Orford. Three deaths were returned from drowning. The report was adopted. TEES UNDERTAKING OF NEW WORK.

Mr. FORSHANV moved "That Mr. Thompson, before submitting any new work in any Parish be mstructed to inform the Councillor far the Pariqh thereof, and ask the Councillor to meet him thereon." The CHAIRMAN said when Mr Thompson submitted his plans to the meeting, the Councillor should be there. Mr. Tisomrsom said he would be pleased to confer with the c)uocillors et the dare/wit pulahas on such occa- sion% but he had alwayi followed thst rule. The CHAIRMAN said they could take it fr now, that whec Mr. Thompson had any new work on han I, he would confer with tha councillar of the parish affected. _

Mr. HOUGHTON remarked that he was sattsfiei with what Mr. Thompson had said. He would second the pro- position. The motion was carried. MANCHESTER PORT SANITARY' AUTIORITY.

TIE ASSISTANT CLERK'S REPORT RE TIE GOVERNMENT

INQUIRY. Mr. Samuel Sutton (assistant clerk) submitted his re- port on the inquiry convened with ref :Tence to the Port Sanitary Authority of Manchester, its constitution, aid the apportionment of their expenses. The principal object, according to the draft order, the report stated. appeared to be the appointment of representatives from the authorities to constitute the joint board, and to apportion the expenses between such authorities, upon a basis to be hereafter fixed. Some of the representa- tives of other authorities baying laid their views before the Inspector he (Mr. Sutton) submitted that the War- rington Rural District Council was scarcely interested in the matter; that some years ago at the time the Ship Canal was in procels of torm ation,inquiries had been held the:remit oil which was to take away from thedistrict the townships of Glrappenhall aid Thelwall, and part of the township of Latchford, and to add them to the Runcorn Distriet ; that had these townships remained within their district they would at once have admitted their liability to a reasonable extent, but seeing that they had now but a small portion of the Canal ia their district passing through the purely agricultural townships of Rixton and Woolston,and that it was simply a water-way in which there was neither port, landing place, docks, or locks, they were entitled to ex- emption and he (Mr. S. Sattes) therefore objected to the proposals. The Clerks of the Rural Dis- trict Councils of Chester and Whitton expressed them- selves in much the same terms. It was afterwards ex- plained that Manchester, Salford, and Stretford were willing to continue the payment of establishment ex- penses as hitherto, but were not willing to bear the sole expense of isolation and treatment of infectious cases arising on board ship which might break out at any pert. After discussion it was suggested that Section IV. of the draft order should be amended soas to provide that those Councils only should be called upon to con- tribute which had landing places within their districts, and that if at any future time fresh landing places were made in any other district, such district should be liable to contribute pro rata to which suggestion he assented, as did also the Clerks of Whiston and Chester. The In- pector then adjourned the inquiry to a future date. The report was unanimously adopted.

THE ESTIMATES FOR THE NEXT HALF YRAR. The following are the estimates presented to meet the special expenses on the different parishes during the half year ending 319 t March 1900 : Surtonwood, £110; Penketh, £100; Poulton, £2O ; Rixton, £5O; Winwick, £lOO.

The estimates were passed. A DEBATABLE QUESTION.

Is was suggested that as there was nothing further of public interest the reporters might leave. Mr. 'THORNTON said they had had two or three meet- ings when raport?rs should have been present. He did not believe in smuggling these discussions. Exception was taken to this but the question as to the advisability of the press retiring was put to the vote and carrieei. The reporters therefore retir.d.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER

PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL iPAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTHI AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE

ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR ls. 6. CARRIAGE PAID.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided, and there were also preset—Rev T R Matthews,Rev J H Riddette,Mrs Clay and Mrs Edelsten, Messrs S Davies, William Houghton, A Jolley, A Brooks, H Hibbert, T B Malkin,G Pillioz.H Thornton, J Clarke, J Billinge, "I' H Ashcroft, J W Knowles, William Hick- man, R Forshaw, with J C Sutton (clerk), 8 Sutton (assistant clerk), C H Ward (workhouse master) and A Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools.) THE COST OF RELIEF IN NEWTON DISTRICT. Mr. Davies called attention to the large amount of relief given in the Newton district. TrAde there, he said, was in a better conditimin a prosperous condition, in fact, and yet the sum of £65 was expended in relief. It seemed to stisk at that amount. It was somewhat singular that it got neither more nor less. Mr. ASHCROFT pointed out that in the Newton district many men had lost their situations through the adop-ion of the new Act. He knew many men who were out of work altogether. The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE thought that this constant criticism ®f the administration of relief in the Newton division was degenerating into nagging ; an he would respectfully suggest to Mr. Davies that he should attend three or four consecutive meetings of the Relief Commit- tee, and if he would do so he would go away convinced that the work of the admistration of relief was thoroughly well done, and that they were exercising a most rigid economy. The Rev. I'. K. MATTHEWS : We have not in Earles- to wn, Newton, and Haydock the facilities you have in Warrington on this point. I think we take all the care we can. Every case is gone into very thoroughly. Mr. HOUGH/ON said he had occasionally gone into the district and bad seen just as much care exercised as in any other committeo room of the Union. (Hear, hear.) Mr. 111BBERT thought the members might come over to Newton to attend the meetings of the relief commit- tees. It was only eis,,htpenee return. (Laughter.) The subject then dropped. A TENDER ACCEPTED.

The minutes of the Schools Committee stated that it had been resolved to recommend the Board to accep-, the tender of Mrs. B. Bennett at £l7 for a crop of growing oats.

The minutes were clnfirm:'d, on the motian of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr. DAVIES. WEIERE WAS THE 'BUS?

Mr. ALFRED JOLLEY asked what b?cirne of the 'bus which on the previous day should have convevel the members of the Padgate Schools Committee to„the meet- ing of the committee at Padgate. Mr. DAVIES : Myself aril others were going about the tewn for half-an-hour looking for it. (Laughter.) Mr. MALKIN : I think we should be pail 7s 61 for the inconvenience we experienced yesterday. It was explained that the 'bus was sent on afterwards wisPia it was too late, and the Clerk said that it was for the committee to make their own arrangements for the 'bus.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFTS.

The MASTER, in his roport, acknowledzed the rec'iot of flowers from children attending the Ragged School •, Rev H V Pigot, Stockton H,ath ; papers from Mr '1 fl Ashcroft; clothing for women going to service, Mrs Edelsten and Mrs Fox ; flowers from St. Paul's Church (Rev E R Tarbuck), anl from All Ssirrs' Mission (Rep H G Hollingworth).

IMPORTANT RECOMIVIENDATION OF THE HOUSE

COMMITTEE. WARM DISCUSSION ON CONTRACTS.

The Houss COMMITTEE recommended that Jane Green succeed the present cook on the same terms, and that the Board supprt the resolution adopted at a confer- ence of the City of London Guardians, on the 28th last, relating to the treatment of tubercular dissase amongst the indoor poor. rhe special sub-sommittee submitted their report on the question of introducing slow combustion grates. Oa August 11th it was recom- mended to the House Committee,anJ approved that the tender of Messrs. Williams and Clay for supplying and fixing 30 new slow combustion grates to rep'ace 30 exist- ing ones in various parts of the Workhouse premises for a sum not exceeding £93 1934 d be accepted. The CHAIRMAN moved the confirmation of the minutes and stated that the question of introducing slow non- combustion grates had been talked about for a long time. When the question of fitting the new hospital with electric light was under dscussion and the heating of the same, statistics of the cost of fuel used at the Workhouse were produced and a strong feeling was ex- pressed that the stoner some change was made in the grates used the better. A new grate was put in the room now used by inmates in class "A " as a sort of sample and the results had been so satisfactory that the committee unanimously came to the conclusion that it was to the interests of the ratepayers, on purely economical grounds to extend the 1.1;E: of slow corn bus- tion grates. Mr. PILLING: We were not unanimous.

The CRAiamAN : We were unanimous on that point but not on the question of giving the contract to the firm mentioned in the minutes. Continuing, the Chair- man said the coal bill for the workhouse was £3OO per annum and the Board would see that the saving of a small percentage on that amount would soon cover the cost of ths slow combustion grates. The sub-committee appointed to carry it into effect decided to invits tenders from six firms is the neighbourhood, but only four sent in estimates. Three of these were vitiated as the firms did net comply with the conditions, the only one that did so being Messrs. Williams and Clay, whose tender was rocommended for acceptance. He thought they would admit that if they could buy slow combustion grates made specially strong to meet the requirements of the workhouse and have them fixed for a little over £3 each they were not making a bad bargain. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Hicxuate seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. KNOWLES said in the first place he would lilt to know whether the quantities and particulars were sent to the tradesmen ? The CMAIRMAN said the Master was instructed to call upon the tradesmen and ask them to visit the Work- house to see what was required. Mr. KNOWLES said he should propose an amendment that Mr. Owen he instructed to prepare specifications of what were required and that tenders be advertised for. His reason for doing so was the disparity between the tenders Submitted by the four local firms,which seemed to show :that they did not know exactly what was wanted . The tonders sent in were as follows ;—Mr. Aukland £4l 16s Mr. Garland £67 2s, Messrs Caldwell's, £B9 15s, Messrs. Williams and Clay, £9B 19s 4d. They would see that the tender which was recommended for acceptance was more than double the amoent of Mr. Aukland's ten- der. He thought these people must have been imagining what the Guardians would like, and not what the I Guardians wanted. He would like to ask the Clerk as a I question of law, whether a firm, of which a partner's wife was a member of a Board of Guardians, could esti- mate for work to be done by that authority ? The Cm= : The law applies only to Guardians I themselves.

Mr. KNOWLES : You think so, and not to wive 3 of partners ? . _

- Mr. HicamaN : Nor to children ? The CLERK : There may be a divided opinion on the matter, but I don't think it applies in such cases. Mr. KNOWLES said he objected to the procedure of the committee in not advertising for the tenders. The CLERK : If you object to the procedure of the crunmittee there is an end of the matter. The Beard must advertise in case; of all contracts over £5O u 111953 the members are all agreed. Mr. KNOWLES : Then I object.

The CHAIRMAN said if the -Board were unanimaus in the matter there would be no necessity to advertise. He took it that Mr. Knowles moved an amendment that Mr Owen be instructed to draw up specifications and tenders to be advertised for ? Mr. KNOWLES : Yes.

Mr. PILLING seconded and said he objected to the way tke matter had been done. The Board did not give the firms time to go into the details as to what was required. If another week tad been given he did not think they would have found one firm 100 per cent higher than an- other.

Mr. HICKMAN said he should like to say that the othEr three firms had had the same time and the same oppor- tunitiee as the one firm which had complied with the instructions, and whose tender was recommended for acceptance. Messrs. Williams and Clay furnished the details of everything the committee desired. If they were now going to advertise, outsiders would have the opportunity of sJ'eine the tenders of local firms. A strong reason why he agreed to the acceptance of Messrs. Williams and C!ay's tender was that they knew what they were going to vet for the money. On several occasions they had had work done by outsiders that ha d wanted doing over again and had been more expensive in the long run. The Rev. T. R. MATTHEWS said he could speak from experience of the wi,rk done by Me.srs. Williams and Clay. They did some work for him 19 years ago and it had never needei a hand since.

The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE remarked that if he had been one of the firms tendering for the work he should now ask as a matter of courtesy for the return of the tender so that no competitor could have an opportunity of in- specting it. Although the committee hai committed a technical error he should have supported them but for the rather serious conclusions that might follow the re- flection made on the way the business was administered on account of the marital relationship of one member of the Board to one member of the firm tendering. Nobody present would misunderstand the object or spirit of his reference. He thought they wo, H be acting in the best

LARGE FAILURE IN THE GROCERY BUSINESS.

THE AFFAIRS OF WALTER COLLIER.

The statutory meeting of creditors under the failure of Walter Collier, of Runcorn, Warrington, Frodsham, Widnes, &c., grocer, provision dealer, baker, &c, was held at the offices of the official re- ceiver, Manchester, sir. C. J. Dibb official receiver, presiding. The receiving order was made on the 28th ult on the debtor's own petition, filed on his behalf by Mr. F. A. Lake, solicitor, Runcorn. The statement of affairs whin has now been filed was read, and disclosi-d liabilities expected to rank for dividend £8,524 134, with the following assets : Cash in haad £6 14s lid, cash deposited with solicitor for costs of petition £lO, stock-in-trade estimated to produce £1,200, tale fixtures and utensils £3Bo,household furniture £l2o,horses,carts, bicycle, &c., £145, bo %lc debte, good £2OO 23 3d doubtful .2121 81 51, bad £226 8s 51, the doubt- ful and bad being estimated to produce £3O 7s in. Surplus from securities in hands of fully secured creditors, £496 10381. Total assets, £2,588 14311(4 Deduct creditors for distrainable rent and preferen- tial rstes, taxes, and wages, £142 153 51, leavia net assets, £2,445 193 6d, and a deficit of £6,078 13s 61. No offer was made on behalf of the debtor, and as be had been adjudged a bankrupt, resolu- tions were unanimously passed appointing Mr Arthur Thraves, of .Al.4ssrs Thraves and Owen, char- tered accountants, 15, Victoria-street, Liverpool, as truF.tee of the estate, with five of the principal creditors as a committee of inspection. Tne debtor has traded for some time back at Central Stores, Church-street, Halton-road, E gerton-street, York- str€ et, Bridge-street, Weston Point, Top Locks, and Byron-street, all Runcorn; in Main-street, Prods- ham; Buttermarket-street and Bridge Foot, War- rington; and at Morse v-road, Widnes.

WA.RRINGToN MARKETS. At the Warrington (Iva Market on Wednesday, new wheat (white) fetched 3s 10d (701 b. to the bushel) ; red wheat, 33 9d ; oats, 2s 61. Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b., 183 01 Bran, 91 to Is 2d per 201 b. At the Provision Market prices were as fJllow:—Freqh butter Is 31 to is ld per lb. ;fresh eggs, 9 and 10 for is; fowls. 45 6d to 5s 6d per couple; English beef, 5d to 101; lamb, 7d to 11d; mutton 6,1 to 101; veal, 8d to 10c1. ; pork, 6d to 81 ACTION BY A BIIRTONWOOD FARMER. At the St. 11,1 ens County Court, on Monday, before his Honour Judge Shand, an action was bought by Thomas Howard, farmer, of Bur- tonwood against J. R. Berry, hay and straw dealer, of St. Helens, to recover £9 103 for oats sold to defendant through Charles Wright, to whom the sample had been given. It was contended by plaintiff ihat Wright had acted as his agent in the matter, and on the other hand it was contended by defendant that Wright sold the oats , for himself, that Wright was indebted to him for it , large amount, and that he gave Wright a credit note for £9 10s. Mr. H. L Riley appeared for plain- tiff, and Air. E. W. SwiL, for defendant. Evidence was given by Howard and Wright, who said that plaintiff had given Wright a sample of the oats, and told them to sell them at 2s. 61. a bushel. kis found a purchaser in Mr. Berry. After this Wright, who was in basin his on his own account, went bankrupt. Defendant did net pay Howard for the oats, and said he would not pay. For the defence it was contended that the oats were bought from Wright, and not from Howard, and as Wright owed Berry a larger sum of money, the £9 10,3 was credi- ted him.—His Honour gave Judgment for plaintiff for the amount claimed.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two stamps for our new and original Illustrated Booklet. containing plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, etc.. may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. `This is not a quack medicine. Established 30 years, LESLIE MAIITYN, Ltd„ Chemists, 134, Dalstoa-lane London.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RICHMOND JONES AND SONS'

120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase.

PIANOS Prices and Terms to suit all poolcets.

ORGANS Instruments delivered F RIM to any Part on receipt of first month's instalment. pIANO3 No Bondsmen or Securities required.

ORGANS PIANOS from 10s. 6d, per month. ORGANS from ss. per mouth. piA.Nos Illustrated Calalogue Post Free. - ORGANS (Mention this Paper.)

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS,

120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. BR&NCH 355, PARLIAMENTARY-ROAD, GLASGOW

===== 0002601_18990818_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
QI7ICSLY CORRECT ALL nlßEGariamivrEs, itlmovE ALL onsmucTicxs, and relieve the distressing symptom co prevalentlOLM the sex. Boxes,l/li & a (eonta.ins threc times the (uantity), of all Cheznists. Sent an where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLLI ez. Cc. Illanaafacturers, Dryden St., Nottglie,,,i. Retro, °Limitations. iniurious arti

SYMINGTON'S

. ~ , . ,:. _,,... -,,,, . ;„,.. • , , • ::. . , j ....• :. ~., ~. , t:. ~ „, ift . - •I. ; -,';‘.:.."'‘t',1.F.:9".1"::;50'r. ~'..:'.'' ~ ''. - 41. •-,' c..t:',';:?,,V..',..''''.11, I T arn-t717,, r ' 1

===== 0002601_18990818_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. in small and lzrgo. hottle3, feom all 100

Grocers.

GUARANTEED PURE.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
, , ~. . - ' : - , . . . .. ~,:% ... ~ i J :' ' ' ,I. '-r j Ay . 1 • • Pastry , ...-,, ~, Y." - 1......i.j‘Ai, ,I,s, ;4,1 , 'll., • .0. :„ • ~ ~;,'‘;••1" . ' • -..i'' '.'' . ' . ..., . A ' p Makes D , eilcious Ask for ::„ v: ~.. t. ..% . , , ~. r. J.:,,..„. ..,. , . , ....,„,. ~ ,*, ~... ~,,, ~.:.: ...... $ I ..,.....„, ..,.. ,,.. ... . ..... ; *., , ~:. . .t. .4 . t, ' 9 , ~.., „.....,, ......4,,4,..., T.) .` ~,,,,* , 41. '- , &TV, - • ''." , 1., ' .41: .., . '.,) • ... . • , 't, ,I, ,t. V •,. ~;. :7 I:4 14 t4' !';',:,. , , Pik. 4,4 v , , ..*: ~,...„.,,,. t..... _.,:„. .. - •til .. I, , `.t, .„ . $_ r.t. •i, , , ' ~.4 .... ~,,,.s. -• '... 7. .. AT" ''t fls'• , 7 „ .k 1 e • . , - I 4. vs% , .' '. '"'*;"4.l'Z 41-Z /4 "se .* - ' it' % Mikat* ', ' Z'aii :1::.: *..., •`' 1 ). A 1 • • :i.: ' ‘ ./, •,' , • .. - -••• , ..• '',:. ~: '''. ..; • ' - t' . ~.II . ....,,, T ~• • . '''', i - - tii.. "Ai, ~,,,'''. ',-, ''': kr. 41, ' CAZA''''''. %.". 0 1 , 'V I or'l, Sold by all C- : :.:.a s . • ' tam%

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990818_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROUSE— Earlestown ....... ....

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green .......- *Golborne Lovrton ........... .....- Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction , Church-st„ Golborn.e Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Boltonßead, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AI

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S. -Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berltmd, and Lincolnshire ...... Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With & Earlestovrn London. Foreign, and the South slidland Counties & south Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and F • reign, South, S.- astern, Midland, Northern, Bastern Counticb, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W o Aston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

===== 0002601_18990818_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-35 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m..2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m tnd 7 p.m.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil_ Nil.

7 p.m. 7./5 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nil.

from the Aeceiving Office at Bark. ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

.S FOLLOWS z-

I To I Callers.

IBy Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

7 . a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 1- 11-30 11-4 b

1140 saw,

1. 12-0

k 2-15 p.m.

2-lb „ 13-15 ~

( 13-L5 m. 1

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL. GENERAL MEETING. HOPEFUL FEELING.

THE PROPOSED SALN OF THE DUKE'S DOCK. The twenty-eighth general meeting of the Manchester Shp Canal Company was held in the Association Hall, Peter-street, Manchester, Mr. John K. Bythell, chair- man of directors, presided over a fairtyla.rge attendance of shareholders. Among thos3 on the platform was tla, Lord Mayor (Mr. W. H. Vaudrey). The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the r3port, which was taken a 3 road, said it was very encouraging to be able to state that much bettes progri ss had been made with the Ship Canal traffic than during the corres- ponding period of last year. (Applause.) That infor- mation might not be revealed by the first glimpse of th report, but nevercheless it was a fact, as he would pro Geed to show. The Ship Canal receipts of last year in- creased to the amount of £8535 as umapar.,cl with the first half of the previous year. The receipts for the half , year just terminated showed an increase of £18,318 as compared with the corresponding half of last year. The improvement was, therefore, greater by the sum of £9783. It was true that although the receipts were larger, the sea-borne traffic was smaller. That arose from the fact that the Snip Canal received adventitious aid last year from the unfortunate South Wales coal strike. The total increase of sea-borne tonnage was I 197,000 tons last year, and in the first half the coal ex- ports furnished 98,000 tons, just one half, but as pre- vious y stated they only got 61 per ton toll on coal. Therefore the increased exports did not add largely to their revenue. This year out of a total of 136,783 tons- of sea-borne traffic only 15,000 tons were coal. the re- maining tonnage, 122,000 tons, was of a more valuable character, hence the increase in the last half year. (Applause.) They would naturally be asked if the re- ceipts were £18,318 more haw was it that the net revenue was only £12,252 larger. The answer was that the expenditure was £6,066 greater for the half year. At first sight that might seem a discouraging fact, but they would be able to show that this expenditure in- stead of being a matter of discouragement was one for distinct encouragement. He wished to draw their very special attention to that question.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXPENDITURE.

Just a year ago be drew their attention to the fact that the long-continued and assiduous efforts had re- sulted in a very large reduction of expenditure. The tidal openings had been closed, with the result that they were able to obtain a depth in the estuary section at a very much decreased expenditure. The expendi- ture on dock railways and other appliances at the docks had enabled them to perform the labour and railway work at a small profit instead of as previously—a very heavy loss. The largest increase in the expenditure during the past half-year was £1933. the rent for the elevat-.r. He had explained at a previous meeting that so long as expensive buildings had to be erected on lease instead of with the capital of the company, there would be a considerable increase in the amount paid as rentals. Fire insurance had absorbed an additional £BO4, whilst towage has cost £ll3l more. The latter item was one which would, ere long, beco-ne very small indeed, for from the beginning of next year they intended to make a slight reduction in the way of free towage. Compensation cost £9lO more. The increase in salaries, wages, and commission amounted to £1961. Of that amount £436 was owing to an absolutely neces- sary increase in the police force. The net result was, as he had already stated, an increase of over £6OOO. Oom- pared, however, with the second half of last year there was a slight decrease. The Ship Canal receipts for the year just ended amounted to £253,713. The receipts for the year ending June, 1897, w ere £198,446, so tat the re was an increase of £55,267. Let them take the expenditure for the same period. The Ship Canal ex- penditure for the year ending June last was £182,962 ; for the year ending June. 1897, was £191,847, showing a decrease of £BBB5, se that while the receipts had gone up £55,267 toe expenditure had gone down £BBB5 —(applause)—altheugh in 1899 the charge for rentals and fire insurance was £6164. It was only fair to say that in 1896 and 1897 they had unusually heavy ex- penditure for law costs an'. compensation. The Bridgewater revenue was £21,904. This was less than was hope], showiag only an increase ot £2OO. It , was, however. £l9OO more than it was for the halt-year ! ended June, 1897.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL RESULTS.

Jest to summarise the ficanciAl results of the last half- year, the net revenue was £55,795, as against £42,669, being an increase of £13,126. At the end of June last 3,,,1ar the net revenue was £2,073 less than the amount required to pay the interest ou the first and second de- bentures. This half year they had been able .to pay £44.742 interest on the first and second debentures, £I,GOO interest on the new loan of £50,000 on surplus lands, and £10,053 to the C )rporation of Manchester. (Applause.) When they handed the Corporation the cheque for £16,270 out of the profits of the December half of last year, they wild they !Lilly believed that they would be able to make that payment into £50,000 at the end of the ye,a r. He told them at the last halt-yearly meeting that it was not likely they would be able to pay such a large amount as £16,000 out of the profits of the first half of this year, because that would have meant a much larger increase in tbe traffic than they hoped for. The two payments aggregated £26,323, so that oat of the profits of the current half year they only required £24,677 from the current half-year to complete the £50,000. Personally, be hoped to be able to pay mrre tban that next December, notwithstanding that they might have to pay increased rentals and more for their coal.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE.

As regarded capital exprnditure, at the beginning of the year they had budgeted for an expenditure of £58,000. A supplementary estimate increased the amount to £61,000. Ot this only £26,000 was expended during the half year. The new cape nditure arranged for amounted to £24,000, making the total amount of capital expenditure budgeted for, as from July 1 last, £59,000. The new expenditure of £24,000 included the laying out of the Cornbrook Wharf for traffic. That work would absorb nearly £lO,OOO. Then they were going to lay out the wharf at Throstle Nest. Trafford Wharf had to be extended further down towards the elevator, especially for timber sheds, opposite where the wooden workshops now stood, and which would be re- moved as soon as the workshops on the other side were completed. A few more little extensions at the docks were necessary, and also some new coal sidings at Part- ington. They had alao ordered two more new loccmo- tives for dock work, and 15 pairs of ballast waggons for locks, while there were also some other sundry appli- ances which would altogether absorb £24,000. None ot that expenditure was sanctioned with ,uti very careful inquiry, and he thought it would be teen that it was , indispensable. They had only inc!uded absolutely , necessary works and it was very likely that they would , find during the course of this half-year that a supple- 1 mentary estimate to include new works would be re- quired. He wou!d now turn to capi-al resources.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED SALE OF THE DUKE'S DOCK.

They bad doubtless heard that the directors Proposed to sell the Duke's Dock to the Merssy Docks and Har- bour Board. This important step had had the most care- ful consideration, and they were convinced that it would be entirely to the interest both of the shareholders and bondholders to.traosfer the investment from Liver- pool to Manchester- The Duke's Dock was a property of great value, hut it could be sold without injuring the company's interests, and the proceeds of the sale would enable the compiny to provide inereasEd dock accom- modation at MancheAer. They were of opinion that the opportunity of securing funds for that purpose should not be neglected. It had been arranged, subj,.ct to the confirmation at a meeting of the Dozk Board, which would be held as soon as their statutory powers per- mitted, that the price should be fixed by an arbitrator who had had great experience in such matters. The company's case would be laid before the arbitrator by eminent counsel and witnesses. The arbitration wouA be as between willing seller.' and willing buyers, and the Dock Board would buy the pr 'petty, including the starlit rry and other privileges and freedom from certain dues attached thereto and subject to the cx‘sting leases and tenancies. Haying regard to the relations subsist- ing between the company and the Corporation of Man- chester the directors thought it only right that they should be consulted in a matter of such magnitude. The consent of the corporation to the proposed sale was given at the last meeting of the city cour,cil. They desired to take the shareholders fully into their con- fidence, but they would see that it was not possible to say more at present in connection with such delicate negotiations withoot running the risk of p:ejadicing the company's interests. They might rest assured that tt.e proposed change of investment from Liverpool to Man- chester had been carefully studied from every point of view, and that it would be advanta ;mous to all who were interested iu the prosperity of the undertaking. T3NNAGE. He should like to say a wc.rd on the tonnage question. It was curious to see how events had fakified the pre- dictions as to the injurirus eflot the Ship Canal would have on ,the port of Liverpool. (oar, hear.) Those who predicted it would give an enormous impetus to the district, which would re-ac!.. on Liverpool, and would reuse Liverpool from her lethargy and conserva- tism, had proved to be true prophets. It was stated ra.ently that the increase of Liverpool shipping during the year ended June last was 718,740 tons. Liverpool peopl', commenting on that fact, quite omitted to draw attentlon to the fact that only 515,770 of that increase paid dock dues and loaded and discharged their cargoes at the Liverpool docks. The remaining 202,970 tons

only passed by Liverpool, paying the Conservancydue • to ports in the upper Mersey, particularly on the Shi p Canal. They might look at what the progress had been in their new part of Manchester during the same period, and they would find it comparatively small. They would adhere to tke principle of 20.3 wt. tons, because all their star istics were based upon that, and it was teeny the fairer system. During the year ended June last tbey had 2,354,788 tone of seaborne traffic, against, in the preceding year. 1,897,191 tons, an increase of 457,597 tons. net was not a bad record for their new port. (Hear, hear.) If they included the barge traffic of 2,747,526 tons, against 2,282,485, they would fled that the figures showed clearly that there was room for both ports, and that there was no need for anything like undue comp

===== 0002601_18990818_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m;

===== 0002601_18990818_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990818_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. 1899.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PROSPECTS.

The prospects for the Current half-year were on the whole encouraging, but it was necessary to remember that they had had to compare with a particularly Rood half-year. They bad had a great deal of assistance during the past half-year with the oil brought for the tanks which had been erected on the banks of the canal below the docks at Mode Wheel. They had last half- year 43,000 tons, against 23,000 cons in the correspond- ing time of the previous year, and having regard to the fact that the companies bad been increasing their tank- age capacity, and that a good many new steamers had been launched lately, he thought they might safely assume that they would have a large increase in oil, which was one of their most valuable taffies. Man- chester was coming to the front in the petroleum trade. He saw from last year's siatistice that Manchester stood third in the list of ports, Losnon being first with 98 million gallons, Liverpool second with 34 million gallons and Manchester third with 19 million gallons. They would have very much more than 19 million gallons this year, and he would not be surprised if they were not second. They had a considerably increased importation of iron, there being an increase of 25,000 tons, of which 9,500 was pig iron and 15,500 manufactured iron. There seemed every prospect of that trade being well main- tained ; but how far the high prices now current would check the trade remained to be seen. The cotton ship- ment season would open in September—October. They would have lines of steamers to Manche-ter from all the principal American cotton ports, and,with anything like active assistance from spinners, they would have, be be lieved, a further increase. Se far, they had had 393,000 bales of cotton, against 344,000 for the whole of the previous season—an increase of 49,000 bales. They could not get full cargoes of grain from American ports, as liners running to Liverpool would take it sometimes as ballast at prices shillings below what other steamers could be chartered at. Grain had been carried to Liver- pool this year at rates as low as a penny a buehel,which was equal to a little over three shillings a ton. There- fore, as regarded the imports of grain from America they had to depend on consumers loading general cargo. Their friends the millers were bringing some grain from Canada, and they were doing well in obtaining general cargoes from the West Coast of Africa, America, the Black Sea and the Plate. One of the largel firms in Liverpool had opened a house in Manchester,and several good cargoes had come in during the last few months.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTS.

I They still bad to look mainly to imports. Textiles bad shown an increase of 10,000 tons during the half year, but that was due to the extendion of existing trade, and not through th, ir eocuring any new trade. As regarded China, Japan. Calcutta, and the Cape they saw no present prospect of getting the textile exports sent from their port. Although much had Leen written, and deputations had been sent to the Government, so long as shipowners combined like one man and the shippers were separated that state of things would con- tinue. The coasting and Continental and Baltic lines had still a growing trade. It was satisfactory to see the New York trade keeping up so well. Messrs Lam- port and Holt were running increased steamers to New York, and as the trade was now firmly establishod it was hoped that a larger class of steamers would be put on. They were a little disappointed with the results up to the resent time from the Manchester liners, but that was due to the fact that they could nlt get steamers from the builders' hands. Out of the seven ordered only twos were at sea, and two had just been launched. But when they were all running their traffic receipts would be materially helped. Shipowners had had an uphill fight, mai the fact could not be disguised that they had complained that they had only been made use of to cheapen tne rates to other people.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS ON THE BANES.

Worlrs and depots on the banks of the canal were in- crPasing, companies were increasing their instalments, caul increased traffic was likely to result. Cargoes of ore were afloat from Australia, and though they did not expect much this year, they assumed that the traffic would shortly be much augmented. The Alkala Union had completed their phosphate works at Runcorn, and There was a good look-out for the Trafford Park estate, the Westinghouse Electric Company having bought 48 acres of land, and decided to erect an enormous estab- lishment upon it. Negotiations had bi.en entered into with the Trafford Park Estates Company for railways to the docks, which would be mutually beneficial. The canal had been safely navigated with large veasell, such as the Manchester Port, which was 467 feet long, and the Samoa, which had a great bnam, and this fact had silenced thcsl who had predicted that the Runcorn bend could not be comfortably turned. After thanking the staff of the company for thrYr effort and for their in- terest in the undertaking, Me. Bythell moved the adop- tion of the report anci statement of accounts. Alderman Southern seconded the adoption of the re- port. As having something to do now with shipping matters, he might say, with reference to the passage of the big vessels along the canal, the vessels of the Man- chest t r Liners were safest when they got into the canal. (Laughter.)

, The resolution adopting the report was carried unanim- ously, and the meeting closed.

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECT USES, PROGRAMMES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES roa SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES Fort FETES, R:c. JOHN WALKER A:TD CO.

ARTISTIC PRINTERS

===== 0002601_18990818_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WO FE TrIF-V It (7, 10 1F: ?-(1, E:ox..

===== 0002601_18990818_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
te , s 1,4,T: lis' ; • , . ~. ~" T ..._ . _ q-esr4, '''2 ... -;„i • ' t :,:,4 4 \ ,-. l'; .., . - • ' ;1*.:W.,,, <0 .t....: 7.!,:tt ,--:f y R!>t•i—'' s • 7.9' -'- p 0. • cSoi. f .;,,, , --441. -!...,...- 4 v.: 4;,.Art •7:.• :‘, .„.•,, • ~ • -

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDiEiTS

Siek FL,2adaelle. Gonst3pation7

. -- Weak OtemaelL Empalred Digestant

Msordered River and Female Aiimonto.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in bon-es, is. 1?,d., and 2s. 9d. each, With full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEInCitlE CHEST,

Vki ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990818_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL.e;'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others.might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so weii, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE a-ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
G a ?,. ,

. CI ANTI ""' I' - I 41.- - V

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTY)Iq, Bi7c

===== 0002601_18990818_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SEIZURE of FOREIGN FRUIT

IN -

===== 0002601_18990818_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON JAM FACTORIES.

W. R. Deakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUIT is used in the manufacture of his delicious WHOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which DEAKIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

TINTS GOVERNMENT BELL TENTS SI Originalty cost a offered at 255. each : selected at Re. each 46ft - r :lance • ,•• 010LifitvlIbigeher H uasevde i* a short time by k"- ELM. Govern- meat ; suitable 0r Camping ' ' oat, Gardens Cricket grounds Tennis Lawns. tte. Complete with pole, peg, lines, mallet ana tent bag. Two supplied to Buckingham Palace. Apply ANDREW' POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolye: h...mpton. aLe manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Catslegues end Estimates free 011 applic.atlon. _

===== 0002601_18990818_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990818_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" • ; r ,

===== 0002601_18990818_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18990818_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Eetters to the el:dor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in al cases send their names and addwses to the Editor. Natters intended for publioation must ba written on one

side ody of the paper. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

RUNCORN ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION. Sir,—My attention having been called to a paragraph in your issue of Friday, August 11th, in reference to the above A i Asociation, I think. t would he as well for your correspondent, before _casting any stigma on the Run- corn Anglers' Association, to make sure of his facts as the whole of the statements in his notes in referenee to it are absolutely untrue. The Association never have had the matter of approaching Sir Richard Brooke in re- ference to taking over the fishing rights of the Bridgewater Canal under consideration. So far from trying to debar anyone from enjoying the pleasures of angling the Run- corn Anglers' Association was established to promote the gentle art. Yours respectfully, E. JOHNSTON (Secretary).

THE STRIKE OF WARRINGTON FILESILITHS. Sir,—The unfortunate dispute between the filesmiths of Warrington and their employers still centinues,baring 'already lasted seven weeks. The men have proposed arbitration in order to have the strike brought to a epeedy conclusion, but the employers refuse to agree to the proposition. Now sir, the mots in offering arbitra- tion. have adopted the right and proper course, and this proves to nay mind that they are justified in asking for an increase of pay on the poorer classes of work. Tbe action of the employers in refusine arbitration is much to be regretted, and toe public of Warrington and else- where,will see that the masters are to be blamed for the continuance of this regrettable struggle,and the men un- der these circumstances may honestly claim the sympathy and support of the public. It is only fair to Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths to say, that they have offered to give any increase of pllce3, that Messrs. Stubs will give, but up to the present time Messrs. Stubs and Co., have blankly refused to give anything at all. It is a great pity that a firm so well known througheut the world as Messrs. Stubs are (for the excellent quality of the files they make, and who therefore command better pricis than any otber maker), should act so ungenerously towards their workmen by refusing arbitr btion in this unfertunate dispute. I siacaroly trust that they wiff yet accept the men's offer of arbitration for a settlement of their differences, and let work be resumed, so that Warringtoa'e oldest industry may continue to prosper, and so helo to maintain the name and reputation Warrington has, for the excellency of its many and yarieii manufactures. Yours sincerely, one who believes in ARBITRATION. Warrington, August 16th, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MOORE AND DISTRICT HoRTIcuL-

TURAL SHOW.

ANNUAL SHOW.

The lifth annual show of the above s3ciety was held in Moore Hall Park, by the kind permission of Mr. John White, on Saturday afternoon, and 77aq the b.f.st which has yet been held. The officere were as follows :—Presi- dent the Rev H T Clarke; vice-prosident,Mr John white; hon. treasurer, Mr Hubert Congreve ; hon. secretary,Mr Arthur De Prez ; corensittee, Messrs J E Sacker, T J Weir, D Calder, W Dunbabin, P Hamblett, H Sander- 5312, G Hayward, J Antrobus, T Garner, J Forster, R Wilkinson, and T Fleet, while the gentle- men officiating as judges were M,ssre. Burgess (Walton Estate alent) and Peter Tickle (Manor Farm, Preston Brook) for farm produce, and )(I.ssrs. Parkinson (Apple- ton Hall) and Lockart (Walton fla.11) for fruit and vege- tables. The exhibits generally were excellent, reflecting considerable credit on all concerned, and praise is also due to those gentlemen sending in exhibits not for eem- petition, namely, Mr Congreve, Moore (anples) ; Mr Brarnbali, HAtton (vegetable marrows), Mr. John White (tomatoei), Messrs Dickson and Robinson, Manchester ; Mrs Massey, Acton Grange ; and MOMS. Starkey and Morris 00, Warrington. The Rev. H. T. Clark having Spok9n. Mrs. Clark opened the show. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to her, on the motion of Mr;. D 9 Prez, seconclei by Mr. John White. Votes oi thanks were also acnrcled to the judges and secretary. The following is the prize list : AMAT'EVES CLASS.

Flo mess -Group of plants, five feet sq .are : 1, James Cartwright • 2, Jams Antrobes. Plant in or out of lower: I;James Antrobus ; 2, J Cart wright. Three distinct varieties of getaniums : 1, Jam,.s Antrobus ;2, James Cartwright. nilr hardy or exotic ferns : 1, James Antrobii: ; 2, James Cartwright. Cut flower decoration : 1, RelphWilkinson; 2, James Cartwright. Six distinct varieties of flowers : 1, Tnomas Fleet ; 2, Joseph Forster. Hand bouquet : I„James Csrtwright ;2, Thomes Fteet. Six asters. distinct varieties : 1, Thomas FLee ; 2, .Leeph Forster. Dahlias : 1. Thomas Walley. Carnations : 1, Thomas Fleet. African marigolds : 1, James Cartwrieht. Frenoh marigolds : 1, Thomas Fleet; 2,Thomes Garner. Roses : 2. James Antrobus. Ten week stocks : 1, Themes Fleet ; 2, Joseph Forester. Fruit.-Six kitchen apples: 1, C Baguley; 2,Thomas Fleet. Dish of kitchen pears : 1, Clemeat Baguley. Plums : 1, C Raguley ; Dessert fruit : 1, C Baguley. Vegetables.--Tomatoes : 2, James Antrobus. Kid- ney potatoes : 1, Thomas Fleet ; 2, Thomas Garners. Two distinct varieties of potatoes : 1, Thomas Fleet ; 2. R Wilkinson. French beans : 1, Thomas Flest ; 2, Ralph Wilkinson. Peas, 1, Thomas Fleet; 2, Relph Wilkinson. Three bunches of esehalots : 1 Joseph Forster ; 2, C Dawsons Cucumbers : 1. C Purisiss ; 2, Joseph Taylors. Carreto : 1, Thomas Garner; 2, James Antrobus. Onions : 1, Thomas Fleet :2, Thomas Percival. Par- snipe: 1, Ralph Wilkinson ; 2, J Antrobus. Turnips : 1, T Warburton ; 2, T Eliot. Re l cabbage : 1, R Wilkinson. White cabbage : 1, James Antrobus ;2, R Wilkinson. Lettuee : 1, T Dears; 2, Ralph Wilkinson. Celery : 1, James Antrobus ; 2, Thomas Fleet. Six vegetables : 1, Ralph Wilkinson ;2, T Dearn. Marrow: 1, R Wilkinson ; 2, G Hicks. COTTAERS' CLASSES.-Odil WilaiOW plantc 1, Joseph Forster ;2, Henry Leads. Six bunches of flowers : 1, Joseph Forster ; 2, T Dearn. Dahlias, cactus : 1, Joseph Forster. Three plants : 1, James Antrobus. Doub'e dahlias : 1, Joseph Taylor ; 2, Jeseph Forster. Carnations : 1, Joseph Forster. Asters : 1. Joseph Forster. Ten-week stocks: 1, Themes Garner; 2, Henry Leach. Africen inarigolds: 1, Ralph Wilkinsen,Freisch marigolds : 1, 'Thomas Garner ; 2, Ralph Wilkinson. Sweet peas: 1, Joseph Forster. Twelve bunches of do ssers : 1, Joseph Forster ;2, Ralph Wilkinson: Dish of six apples : 1, It Wilkinson ; 2, T Walley. Peas : 1, Ralph Wilkinsou ;2, Samuel Antrobus. Broad beau: 1, H Leach ' • 2, T Dearn. Runner beans : 1, R Wil- kinson ; 2, Henry Leach. French beans: 1, Charles Puriaiss ; 2, Henry Leach. Eschalots : 1, S Antrobus ; 2, Thomas Garner, Kidney pota- toes : 1, C Dawson ; 2, Thomas Garner. Round potatoes : 1, Henry Leech; 2, Ralph Wilkinson. Onions : 1, C Dawson ;2, Ralph Wilkinson. Turnips : 1, Ralph Wilkinseu. Parsnips: 1, Ralph Wilkinson. Red cabbage : 1, T Dearn ; 2, R Willtinsou. White cabbage : 1, C Dawson ;2, Thomas Garner. Lettuce: 1, T Deem ;2, Samuel Antrobus. Celery : 1, Thomas Whitfield ; 2, J Antrebus. Cucumbers : 1, Charles purkiss ;2, Joseph Taylor. Four varieties vegetables: 1, Ralph Wilkinson ; 2, T Deere. FARMERS' CLABS.-Potatoes (three varieties) ; 1, Thomas War bertoe ; 2. Thomas Percival. Basket of butter : 1, W J H Jones. Rutter in pats : 1, WJ Fl Jenes. Eggs : 1, C Baguley ;2, T D 13asnett. Three mangels : 1, Thomas Billington; 2, Thomas Warburton; visc, W J H Jones. Three swedes: 1, thornas Billing- - ton ; 2, W J flJonee. Wheat: 1, WJ H Jones; 2, T Percival. Vegetables (eight varieties) special prize by Mr. Starkey : 1, Thomas Fleet. Veget- ables (six varieties), Mr. Starkey's prize . 1, Ralph Wilkinion ; 2, T Garner. Special prize by Mr. Birch, three window plants : 1, James Cartwright Group of plants : 1 and special, Sir R M Brezke, Bart. 2 and special, Mrs W C Javes. Collection of vegetables: 1, Sr R M Brooks, Bart.; 2 Mrs W C Jones. Collection of fruit : 1, John White; 2, C Baguley. Cut flowers : 1, Ales W C Jones; 2, George Tandy. For the best stocked and the neatest cottage garden : 1, Relph Wil- kinson ;2, Samuel Antrobus; 3, [homes Dearn. For the best and neatest arranged flower garden : 1, Joseph Forster ; 2, Ralph Wilkinson.

A. MATTER OF IMPORTANCE • li/VriEN FURNISHING Is TO SECURE SOUND, RELIABLE, AND ARTISTIC GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. It is an undoubted fact that you can BUY CHEAPER AND BETTER AT THE PIONEER

, COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, THAN IN ANY OTHER ESLIBLISHMENT. It mast be, however, borne in mind that the LOW PRICES are for Ca3h only.

W ARRINGTON

AND DISTRICT

ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION,

PARR HALL AND SPECIAL MACHINERY ANNEXE

MAHON 3To 24, 1900. ARTS, INVENTIOXS, BIfIiFINEERING, MANUFACTURES, TRADES.

Prospectus, plans, and application forms may be had of SHORBTA.RIBS, 75. Bridge-street. Warringte

===== 0002601_18990818_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, P• 99

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.INEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. A meeting of this Council was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Monday. Mr. G. B. F. Borron, JP., C.C., presided. and there were also present : Messrs W Collingwood,J W Emmett, J.P., N Siddeley, W Gilmour, J Simpson, J N Patterson, J Sloe, W Thompson, J a Forster, E T Evans, T Orntand, with Mr Shirley (clerk), Mr Bowes (surveyor), and Mr Lloyd (gas engineer). GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.

BOWLING.-BARLESTOWN V. CREWE.

This return match was played at Crewe on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for Earlestowia on both games of 2:3 points. After the match the players were taken through the Locomotive Works, and the various points explained to them.

At a meeting of this committee the following minutes of the Gasworks Extensions Committee were read as 1 follows, viz. :—The Gas Engineer reported that certain 'additions would be required to Messrs. Bryan, Donkin and Co.'s specificatioa for the new exhauster, and to Messrs. Dempster's specification for the new condensers; whereupon it was resolved that the local builders be in- vited to tender for the stonework required for the fcia- dations for the exhauster and condensers ; that an order be placed with Messrs. Bryan, Donkira ad Co. for four 12-inch pipe connections for the exhauster. that an iron girder, as per specification of the Gas Engineer, and 3,000 seconds bricks from Messrs. R. Evans and Co. for the foundations for the condensers,be obtained; that an order be placed with Messrs. Dempster and Sons for one 4-iach tar pot and connections to con- densers. The Clerk reported the result of his interview with Mr. Pardey as to the terms of a wayleave for a gas main from the gas works to Wargrave-road, viz. : Wayleave, £2 per annum; tenant to be compensated for damage to crops during laying of main; the main to be laid subject to rerneval by the Council after six months' notice at any time ; an agreement to be pre- pared by Lord Newton's solicitors at the expense of the Council. It was resolved that the Gas Committee bo recommended to accept the terms laid shown by Mr. Pardey. A letter dated June 20th, was read from Mr. Woods, veterinary surgeon,of Wigan, stating that be had had offered to him two herses suitable for the work of the Gas Committee at £63 each. It was resolved that Mr. Wooas be instructed to purchase same immediately if not disposed of, in which case the Clerk to instruct him to go as high as £6O each for two suitable horses; and that the wages of H Rylance, a youth engaged at the gasworks, be increased from 134 to 93 per week. With reference to a circular letter asking the Ceuncil to amalgamate with other Local authorities in forming a Mutual Insurance Society under the Workmen's Com- pens scion Act, it was reselved that tee Gas Committee be recommended to favourably eatertam the ratter at rates not exceeding 3s per cent. A letter was read front the Secretary to the General Post Offl e, London, referring to the increased consump- tion of gas at the Newton-le-Willows Post Office during the quarter ended 31st December last, and that they were of opinion that a further rebate, in addition to the 10 per cent. already allowed, should he merle therefrom. It was ordered that the Clerk reply stating that the matter was fully considered at the time and that they cannot see they way to make any further reduction. The Chairman submitted the report of Mr. Gsskin, the consulting engineer for the test borehole for a proposed town's supply of water. After the same had been read and discussed by the Com- mittes it was resolved that the matter be again referred to thelspecial water committee with power to obtain estimates of the complete scheme as laid down in Mr. Gaskia's report, and also to submit any alternative scheme which may appear to the special committee advisable, with an estimate of the cost thereof, and afterwards report to this Committee.—ln answer to Mr. Emmett. Mr. Ormand stated that the horses had been bought for £53 each. The minutes were passed, on the proposition of the Cbairman. HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. The Clerk reported to this committee, the result of the interview of the Chairman of the Ceuncil and himself and the County Surveyor, with reference to the amount of grant offered by the County Council, for special worka on the main roads during the year eliding 31st March, 1900, and that in consequence of the interview, the Lan- cashire County Council had offered an additional grant of £32 for half cost of flagging Church-street six feet wide, whereupen it was resolved that the offer of the County :Council b 3 accepted.—The following ing plan was approved and passed, viz : New classroom to Vulcan Infant School.—Letters , were read from the Bedford Brewing and Malt- ing Co., Leigh; the Earlestown Co-operative Society,and the Leaden and North-Western Railway Company, objecting to the proposals of the Council to the erection of urinals near the Oak Tree Inn, Nowton-le-Willows.and in Earle-street, Eariestown. The committee thereupon decided te postpone the whole question of public urinals. A letter WAS read from Messrs. J. Duckett and S on, Limited. Burnley, withdrawing their tender for drain and sewer pipes. &a., as they had made an error in their calculations, whereupon it was resolve 1 that the tender of the Turton Moor Sanitary Pipe Company. of Darwon, be accepted (in lieu of Messrs. Duckett and Sons tender). The Clerk reported (a) that, as instructed at the last meeting he had interviewied Mr. Pardey, and had endeavoured to obtain hone him a lease of the land for the proposed sits for treatment of nightsoil refuse off Vista-road for a period of years, but that Mr. Pardey could not see his way to accede thereto, and that he had interviewed Mr. Berry, the tenant of the land referred to, and that he (Mr. Berry) had obtained Mr. Pardey's permission to sub-let the land as yearly tenants to the Council, and that the rent would be £8 per annum, free of all rates and taxes. It was resolved that Mr. Berry's terms be accepted, sub- ject to an agreement being entered into. A letter was read from the Nledical Ofneer of Health, and stated that, as instructed, he had visited and inspected the Grand Stand on Newton Common Racecourse, and was of opin- ion that it was unsuitable for an isolation hospital. In pursuance of a letter from the Prestwich Urban Distriot Council, it was resolved that it is deairable that Urban District Councils shall be empowered by Act of Parlia- ment or otherwise to borrow money on security of local rates for purposes of private street improvement with. out being sompslled to obtain the sanction of the Local crovernment Board in that behalf ; and tbat a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Colonel R. Pilkington, M.P., for the Newton Divisios. The Clerk reported that he bad bean in communication with the Lancashire , County Council with reference to a resolution passed by the County Council in November, 1898, urging the Local Government Board to relax the rule at present obtaining, when applications for sanction to loans for private streets are being considered, which has the effect of making street formation dependent upon the efficiency of sewage works ; and that the County Coun- cil stated that the Board had replied that they are not prepared to make any variation in their present model of procedure. The Clerk further reported that ha had I also communicated directly with the Local Government Board upon the same subject, and read a letter from the Board dated the lith June, 1899, in which they stated that when they leern that the Sewage Disposal Works of the District Council have been put into proper condition they will be prepared further to consider the application of the CIURCiI for sanction to borrow for works of private street improvement. At a mooting of the committee held last Monday afternoon the Chairman reported that his 9oneur Judge Wynne Ffonlkes had given/a decision against the !Council in the case, of the Council v. Lyon who was summoned for the non-pay- ment of hawking tolls. After c snsideration by the com- mittee it was resolved that the Council be recommended to lodge an appeal against the decision of his honour. The minutes were approved. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.

A letter was read before this Committee from Mr. ArthurlSmith, Wigan,solicitor to the Lancashire Electric Power Company stating that the Company proposed renewing their application for an Act in the next session of Parliament for powers for the supply of electric energy throughout the principal manufacturing parts of Lancashire, and that with a view of explaining the Bill he would esteem it a favour if the Council would grant an interview to a deputation from the Company. It was resolved that the matter be referred to the Light Railways Committee of the Council to consider the ques- tion fully and afterwards report. The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes which were agreed to. MR. GILMOUR SUGGESTS FOUR NEW MAGISTRATES.

In pursuance of notice of motion Mr. Gilmour moved " That the Council do now take into consideration the question of the desirability of recommending to the proper authorities, the appointment of additional county magistrates for this division." He said he would like it to be understood that he did not wish to give any offence to those sitting on the Bench at the present time. His resolution was intended to support them in their work if possible. In recent years the number of magistrates had been considerably reduced. They had lost by death Colonel McCorquodale, Mr. Pearson, and Mr. Mitchell, and of those remaining, four seldom attended. viz : Mr. Norman McCorquodale, Mr. A. C. McCorquodale, Mr. T. D. Grimke Drayton, and Mr. Gooch. The police experienced great difficulty in getting summonses signed. The police did not care to complain but they were put to great 'inconvenience in getting summonses signed. If M r. Borron and Mr. Emmett happened to be away there was practically no one tre be had to sign summonses. He was certain of this that no one could charge him of having anyone be- hind him. It was thought that he (Mr. Gilsnour) had something to do with the question asked in the House of Commons with reference to the Newton magistrates but he might say that he had no connection with the matter at all. He knew that it was usual for Justices of the Peace to be elected for political considerations but there was no consideration of politics in the question he was now bringing forward, and they as a Council ought to set an example in this matter. If their Chairman (Mr. Barron) vocated the position at the end of the present year, as he had already intimated. the Baugh would be without his services. Mr. Gilmour proceeded to suggest four members of the Council as being well- qualified to fill the position of magistrate, viz : Mr. Borren, Mr. F. J. Wood, Mr. Collingwood and Mr. T. Ormand. He proposed that they be recommended to the proper authorities as fit and proper persons to occupy a place on the Bench ef magistrates. Mr. Emmett did not think Mr. Gilmour was in a posi- tion to knew that the police had any difficulty in getting

summonses signed. He could say that no polieeman had come to his house to get a summons signed without getting what he wanted. The Chairman stated that last year the Ceiancil corn- rnittEd itself to a proposition asking the locil bench ol magistrates wuether it was net desirable that addi- tional magistrates should be appointed. A letter was received an i laid before the Council from Mr. Greenall, the clerk to the justices, stating that the appointment of additional magistrates has always had the careful consideration of the magistrates when the necessity required it. A question was put in the House of Commons by a member who did not represent thet divi- sion, but who was otherwise interested in it,wich refer- ence to the need of additional magistrates, and the Home Secretary replied that after considering the num- ber of magistrates there were sufficient for the district. For the information of the Council he (the Chairman) might state that there were 21 permanent magistrates. In addition that Council appointed one Golborne appointed anetner, and Haydock a third. In Newton there were three permanent magistrates, and iii Earle,- town one permanent magistrate. In Haydock and G3l- - there was no permanent magistrates. He thought that Council was obtruding itself by pressing forward any question of this kind, especially when adjoining districts had no permanent magistrates. These districts were represented on the Beech just as the Newton authority was by its Chairman of the Council. These three gentlemea by themselves were quite capable of carrying on the whole of the business ot the district independent of the permaneat magistrates. It was a pity to raise the question there because it was arrogat- ing to themselves a position they did not really hold. That Council was not responsible to the justices and tees, were in no way connected with the police. They were a health body deputed to look after the require- ments of the district and not to interfere in the criminal business of the district. If they interfered er pretended to assume a position in making recommendations for which they had no authority, they would lower the dignity of the Council. He thought the proper parties would, when they saw that the work was not done well, make additional appointments. There was no complaint as to the way the magistrates performed their duties,aud the statement about the difficulty of getting summonee signed was denied. It would be a mistake to pass the resolution suggested. It was not within their province to interfere in any way which might be looked upon as departing from the position they were placed in. Mr. Forster did not think it was necessary or cour- teous to the Belch to piss the resolution suggested. Tiaev woald probably be snubbed for doing 93. Mr. Siddelev seoended the proposition. Mr. elilmour said since the Councit was able to appoint a magistrate, it was a matter which could be brought before the Council. He was of opinion this neighbour- hood was not sufficiently represented on the Bench. They had no right to sand summonses to be signed by War- rington J.P.'s.

The Chairman: This is tho Warrington Petty See- mional Division. There are 21 mis,,istrates appointed for the district which embrace Warrington and New- ton.

Mr. Gilmour said tkiere was nothing to prevent rate- payers from getting up a petition respecting the matter. He lad no personal feeling in the matter. awl there was nothin, of the political brush in connection with it. Mr. Evans said personally he would be very glad to see the gentlemen named placed on the Bench. Mr. Emmett expressed a similar opinion but denied that there had been any difficulty with respect to the signing of summonEei Mr. Gilmour said he had it on th 3 authority of a police officer.

Oa a vote being taken on the propssition, Mr. Gilmour remarked that it would be very impelite for any of the gentlemen he bad mentioned t) vote on the qu The Caairman : You have hsard Mr. Gilmour's lecture onl politeness ; perhaps you will tike notice of it. (Laughter ) _ _

, There voted for Mr. Gilmour' s resllution : Mar. Sidde'ey, Gdmiur, ratters 411, Beatty and Evans. Against : Messrs. B3rroa, CAlingwood. Slee, Simpion, and Forster.

The Clnrk announned that the vote was equal. The Chairman gave his casting vote against the reso- lution.

Mr. Gihnlur said he must protest against it. He trusted Mr. 131rron never would be a magistrate if he would do a thing like that. (Laughter.) 4iThe Chairman : I haven' t the slightest hesitation in voting against it. Mr. Gilrhour : I': is defeated by interested parties. The Council shortly afterwards rose.

J. BLYLTY I9A.AC offers SPHOIAL TERMS to SCHOOLS for his epleniiii PORK PIM for Walking Day.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CASES.

On Saturday afternoon before Mr. Gillespie at Newton, J. Bond, horse dealer, and R. Taylor, horse dealef's labourer, borh of Ireland were charged with having cruelly flogged some horses with strong leather whips with knotted lashes. Inspec- tor Robinson of the R.S.P.C.A. of Altrincbam, re- quested them to desist several times, but they re- fused and he accordingly apprehended them and gave them into the custody of P.S. Banks. A fine of 108. and costs each .was imposed. ACCIDENT AT MESSRS. VICARS' WORKS.

On Nionday morning.Willi3m Harrisson a labourer eoap!oy?,d by Messrs. T. and T. Vicars, engineers, Earlestown, was closing the doors of a wagon which he had bean assisting to uaload, when the door slipped and fell heavily on his right foot. On examination it was found that, his big toe had been crushed to a pulp and he was immediately removed to Dr. Valentine who dressed the injured limb. Herrisson is a well-known footballer in the district, having played for two seasons for Earlestown Rovers, and it is feared that he will be prevented from assisting the Rovers next season. PLUCKY RESCUE BT AN EARLESTOWN YOUTH.

Lily smart, a little girl aged 11, of Alfred-street, Newton-le-Willows, had a narrow escape from drowning on Tuesday morning about 10-30 a.m. She was playing with 801120 companions on the stone wall which runs along the Mill Brook, Newton-le- Willows on the side nearest the railway and it is supposed she must have slipped and fallsn into the water which at that point is very deep. Her screams and those of her companions draw the attention of a youth named James Brammar, of Wargrave-road, Earlestown, who was passing at the time. He immediately threw off his jacket and jumped into the water and after a while succeeded in bringing the girl to the side. He carried her home and Mrs. Smart being out, got some neigbours t 3 wrap the child in blankets. Dr. Watkins arrived soon after- wards and restoratives were applied, until con- sciousness returned. The girl seems none the worse now, as owing to the timely and plucky relcue of Brammar she ecapecl with nothing worse than a severe ducking. PIGEON FLYING.

The distribution of prizes to the winners of the recent pigeon races at Earlestown was held at the Wellington Hotel on Tuesday night Mr. P. Lynch was in the chair and a capital programme was gone through as follows: Songs, "Old Times Saks," J Aspinall ; "How she apologises,"T Chew;"ln silence dim," P Lynch ; "Working," W Chew; "Little but further down,"J Vernon; seleeted,J Aspinall;"There'll come a time some day," T Chew; -List to my thoughts as I gazed on the sea," T Ilyan; "Mona," 0 Connor. The following received prizes :-1, J Reynolds, 163 ; 2, C Forshaw, 15s; 3, S Wilson, 103 ; 4, J K Jones, ss. Each recipient of a prize suitably replied. Votes of thanks were afterwards passed to Mr. Thorpe for use of room and to Mr. and Mrs. C. Dickenson for catering &c. Vote of thanks to Chairman concluded a very enjoyable evening. 1.0.G.T. HOPE OF EADLESTOWN LODGE, No 1644

A meeting of this Lodge was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Wargrave-road, on Monday, Bro Williams, C.T. presiding. After the opening services, the L.D. Bro. Woods read an invitation from the Hope of Sutton Lodge to pay them a visit during this quar- ter, which was accepted, the date to be fixed by the Programme Committee. The G.O T. circular and D.L. circular regarding the Twentieth Century Fund of £l5O for mission work in the district, was referred to them for consideration, and their report thereon. Bro Woods reported a Sister having been dangerously ill, but who was now convalescent. A Brother who had violated was restored to member- ship, and vote of condolence was passed to two Brethren whose children had died. It was resolved on a motion that they present an emblem to Bro Hobbs, who is leaving the town, with the thanks of the lodge for his past services. The election of officers for the next quarter was then proceeded with and the following were elected : C.T., Bra Francis ; V.T.' Sister Smith;' Secretary, Bro Singleton; F.Sec.,Bro Leatherbarrow ; Treas., Bro Warburton ; Chap., Sister Francis; Mar. Bro Macklin ; Guam, Bro Pope; Sentinel, Bra Leather- barrow, sen.; assistant secretary, Bro Mawsdley ; and D.M., Sister Grant. The reports of the retiring officers showed a membership of 105 in the lodge and 100 in the juvenile temple with a fair balance in the hands of the treasurer. The new officers ware then installed by Bro Woods, L.D., and after- wards Bro Francis thanked the lodge for the honour they had done him and hoped they would have a prosperous quarter. The following committees were;appointed:—Finance.Bros.Clarke and Williams; sick, Bros Newman and Dring, Sisters Grant and Owen ; programme, Bros Clarke, Willis, Woods, Sisters Francis, Smith and Grant. The lolg I was then closed by Bro Francis, C.T., at 10 o'clock.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.H.LESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

PROSPECTS FOli, TIM COSIING SEASON.

The officials of our premier :local club have been busy during the closing summer months, gathering together a combination of players to do duty for nem during the ensuime football season. Having been promoted to the Lancashire League, they are well aware of the fact that a better standard of play will naturally be expected by their supporters, than was shown in the Alliance. Prac- tically all the players who rendered such yeomen service to the club last season have been re-engaged but nothing sensational bite been done in the secur- ing of new men. The last line of defence, the goal, will again be guarded by Chew. The backs will be selected from Heyes, Wilkinson, Witherington (Bamfurlong) and Davies (Earlestown Rovers). Four half-backs have signed viz.—Green, Parr, Lee and Pennington (Earlestown Rovers). All of last year's forwards have signed on except Ilarrissort whose injured knee troubled him a lot last season, The attack will therefore be in the charge of Smith, Linton (the Bamfurlong crack), Hampson, Ellison (Earlestown Rovers), Settle and Leach. Royle, a Manchester youth, will also be tried but this player's signature has not yet been obtained. The colours will be the same as last season; white jerseys with Maltese cross and blue knickers. A trial game will be played on the elesnes Ground on August 26th, between Earlestown and Earlestown Rovers, so as to get the men into form for their first league match, on September 2nd, when Dar- wen will be encountered also on the Mesnes Ground. During the last week or two, the officials have been getting the ground into something like order. The pavilion has been painted, and all the boards round the ground are t 3 be whitewashed. The only thing that remains wanting on the ground is a stand. If our local rivals, Haydock, can afford to build one, surely Earlestown can. We would sug- gest that a substantial one be built, and not one warranted to tumble down every time a gust of wind comes near;it. The supporters of Earlestown are confident that the club will make a good show, and expect them to finish somewhere about mid- way in the League. The geaeral regret is that Mr. G. W. Stringer has resigned the secretaryship, he having found that he could not cope with the duties, but a suitable substitute seems to have been found in Mr. A. Perks.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN BOY DROWNED OFF NORMA.N ROAD.

A DANGEROUS PH'.

About 2 o'clock on Thursday afternoon considerable sensation was caused by the circulation of the news that a boy hld been drowned in Wilson's clay pit, off Norman-road, Runcorn. Numbers of people went in that direction and soon discovered the news was only too true. It appears that a number of youngsters went to the pit with the intention of bathing,but only one of them, George Jones, aged 8 years (son of Paul and Mary Ann Jones, of 82, Shaw-street),eivested himself of his clothing and enterei the water. The pit, however, is some 12 feet deep at shallowest end, and 20 feet deep at the ether, and the result was the little child sank straight away. The ether children : Joseph Lyons,, Harry and Samuel Lvdiate, and Frank Ashley (all aged 7 years), then ran off and gave the alarm. 9 man named knthony Hockwell, employed at Jackson's cycle store, Dale-street, was first , on the scene, and tying two long ropes together succeeded in recovering the body at the first attempt. It was then lying in 12 feet of water. Being joined by Constable T. Spencer Bowyer, Dr. Sylvester's method of artificial respiration was tried for over half an hour but without success. Subsequently Dr.Ormsby appeared on the scene, and pronounced life extinct. The pit is considered a very dangerous spot, and one that should be more securely fenced off from the public.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ELECTION OF A COUNCILLOR AT ST. HELENS.

Monday was the day appointei for the nomination of candidates for the election of a representative if south Eccleston Ward en the St. Helens Town Connell in enc. c4ssion' to Mr. J. Massey, who was recently appointed to the alderraanie bench. Only one gentleman was nnminatrd for the vacancy, namely, Mr. Walter Shaw, of the firm of Messrs: Canniagton, Shaw, and Co., glass bottle manuf3cturer3, and ha was declarod duly elected. The new memb3r is a Conservative, but there is tie change in th 3 political constitution if the council.

STRANGE CONDUCT OF A Sr. HELENS YOUTH.

On Saturday afternoon Police-Sergearst Hudson, c:f St. Helens, was haform3d that a youth had gone t,) the waste grouni near the Providence Hospital with the Intention of swallowing a quantity of laudanum. The officer went in that direction, and found that Walter Waggart, 16 years of age, of Clement's Cottages, Eccles- ton, bad actually taken some of the poison, and was suffering from its effects. He was conveyed to the police station and the customary remedies applied with satis- factory results. It appears that Waggart had been em- ployed at Messrs. Pilkiugton's glassworks for some time, but after being out of work for a few days be became despondent.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG COMPENSATION AWARD AT ST. HELENS.

At a special sitting of the Sc. He(dna County Court on Monday, before Judge Shand, William Burrows, working engineer, of 35, Bryan-street, applied under the Workmen's Compensation Act for compensation in re- spect of injuries received on February 3 at the iron foundry of Messrs. John Vauley and Co.—Plaintiff stated in his claim that while oiling a pulley on a crane the crane was started and he was thrown to the ground, a distance of 25fc., with the result that his leg and thigh were broken. his leg having to be amputated above the knee.—Mr. H. L. Riley. who appeared for Burrows,said that Messrs. Cobbett, Wheeler, and Cobb4tt,of Manches- ter, were instructed by the Norwich and London A.cci- dent Assurance Company, and it had been arranged that there should be an award by consent for £ll5 compen- sation and £l7 103 costs.—His Honour conseated to the terms.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. HELENS ENGINEERS' RETURN FROM CAMP.

The 2nd V. 13, Lancashire Royal Engineer Volunteers returned home to St. Helens on Sunday afternoon after enjoying a splendid week's camp at Bare, Morecambe. The regimental carp was under the command of Colonel W. H. Pendlebury, VAC, and was pitched in an excellent, position adjacent to the seashore, where during the week the corps was exercised in a variety of en- gineering work. The camp was 420 strong, and through- out the week the hualth and dieeiplina of the men were exceptienally good. On Saturday the camp was inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel E. J. T. Ross, of Bladenburg, C.R.E. of Liverpool. Colonel Ross desired the commanding officer to convey to the officers and men the fact that he was extremely well pleised with the comp and everything he Saw, and especially to find that the conduct of the men had been so exceptional. On Sunday morning, the regiment were engaged dismantling the bridges and clearing up the camp, and at half-past nine Divine service was held,tho preacher being the Rev. J. C. Pigot. formerly of St. Pielens. About a quarter to three o'clock, the special train started from Bare, and landed the regiment at St. Helens about four o'clock where the men, who looked extremely well, were greeted by a large number cf friends. THE SUICIDE OF A ST. HELENS GIRL.

On Saturday, Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at St. Helens Town Hall on the body of Mar- garet Ann Lundy,23 years of age, a domestic servant in the employ of Mr. J. Broonthead, of Regent's-road, who was found drowned in the canal, near Raves-street on Thursday night. Annie Cattera.ll, of 140, Back Liver- pool-road,said she was with the girl Lundy on Thursday. Lundy told her that she had had "some words"witis her :young man, and intended to do away with herself. She afterwards stated, however, that she did n.)t mean it. —Maggie Fairhurst, of 86, Eidon.street, said she saw the deceased about a quarter-past tenon Thuisday night Lundy then said that if anybody would give her a knife she would cat her threat.—Peter Dwney,a young man, of 109, Napier-street, a collier, said be was courting the deceased, who stayed at his sister's house on the Tues- day night and at his father's house on Wednesday night. He had no quarrel with her, and there was no un- pleasanttiess between them.—The Coroner Then if she told her friends that she had quarreled with you, is it imagination?—Witness : Yes.—The Coroner : Well, you know what it means: I cannot imagine anyone taking away her life for your sake. Why don't you own up to it P—A Juror : It seems very strange.— Witness, continuing, said deceased had made arrange- ments to come back to the house on Sunday.—Peter Clarke,a youth ,poke to hearing screams from the direc- tion of the canal, and giving information to Constable Gloave, who said he recovered the body.—Mr. Broom- head, at whose house deceased had been engaged as domestic rervant, said she was a good girl, but highly sensitive and basily excited.—The jury returned a ver- alict of "Suicide whilst of unsound mind," and the Coroner said he did not think any blame attached to Dewney after they had heard that the girl was of a highly-4trung temperament. It would not be fair for the puhlic to think that he was either legally or morally responsible for the sad affair.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL MARRIAGE.

DAVIES-TINSLEY.

A marriage of great local interest was celebrated on Tuesday at All Maints' Charch, Darembury. The contracting parties were Mr. Edward Gaskell Davies, second son of Mr. Robert Davies, of Birch- dale, Stockton Heath, and Miss Mabel Harrison Tinsley, second daughter of Mr. James Tinsley, of Daresbury Hall, Moore. The church was crowded with a fashionable attendance long before the time fixed for the ceremony (2 o'clock) and the covered way leading to the church door was lined with spectators. Mr. John Wright, who presided at the organ, ren- dered the following selections before the ceremony in excellent style :—" Offertoire " (Felix Thorei), " March" (Arthur Page). The service was fully choral and of an impressive character. On the entrance of the wedding party into the church the hymn " The voice that breathed o"er Eden" was sung and "0 perfect love all human joy transcending" was also rendered during the course of the service. The Rev Canon Greenall, rector of Grappenhall, performed the marriage ceremony as- sisted by the Rev. H. T. Clark, vicar, and Rev. E. Charley, vicar of lace, near Chester. Mr. Leonard G. Davies, J.P. brother of the bridegroom was the best man and the bridesmaids were Miss Thomas (Frodsham), Mies Thornely and Miss Amy Whitley. The bride was given away by her father and was exquisitely attired in duchess@ satin trimmed with Irish lace (the gift of her sister), with court train. She carried a shower bouquet with white heather and cream roses,and wore pearls and diamond stars and gold bangles the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids wore handsome dresses of cream satin, trimmed with cream insertion and chiffon, with blue hats and carried pink bouquets tied with pale blue ribbons. They 5153 wore gold bangles set with turquoises and pearls the gifts of the bridegroom. At the conclusion of the servide the organist played "March " (Theophilus Bonheur),"March" (Newell), and Mendelssohn's " Wedding March " with great effect. Although the weather had been threaten- ing previous to the ceremony, the sun appeared during the service and when the party came out of church it was shining with much force. The bride's travelling dress was of grey viola trimmed with orange and white toque to match. Tae honeymoon will be spent in Scotland. After the ceremony a reception was held at the house of the bride's father.

The fslls‘ving ;s a list of the invited guests most of whom were present :—Mrs Adams, Mr and Mrs Ashton and party, Mr and Mrs Leonard Agnew, Mr and Mrs Zits% Armitage, Mr and Mrs Rigby Am are, Miss Appleton, Mr Frank Appleton, Mrs Beamnnt, Mr and Mrs Broadbent and party, Mr and Mrs Bales, Mr and Mrs Bswmsn. Mr and Mrs Harold Broadbent Mrs and Miss Blaine, Colonel and Mrs Brockman, the Misses Brockman, Dr and Mrs Browne, Dr Burrowss, Mr and Mrs Buckton, Mr W D Bullock, Mrs and Miss Bright, Rev E and Mrs Charlie, Rev H T and Mrs Clarke, Rev and Mrs Carleton, Mrs Morland Crosfield. Mr and Mrs Ernest Crosfield, Mr and Mrs John Crosfield and party, Mr and Mrs J J Crosfield (Frodsham). Mies Crosfield (Frodsham), Mr A H field, Mr Mr S M Crosfield, Mr and Mrs Frank Coghill, Mr and Mrs Robert Diviss, Mr and Mrs Vera B Davies, Mr Leianard Davies, Masters Claude and Vincent Davies, Rev and Mrs Dr wall, Rev and Mrs E St A Duke, Mr and Mrs Lyttleton Dewhurst, Mr and Mrs Cyril Dewhurst, Mrs Dodd and party, Mr G Dodd. Mr and Mrs 13 Dawhurst, Mrs Eckersley, Captain and Mrs &fridge, Mr and Mrs J A Edelsten, Miss Fell, Mr and Mrs Frost, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr and Mrs Cyril Greenall, Mr arid Mrs E Griffiths, Rev Richard Greenall, tb, MiS3PS Greenall, Mr Thomas Greensll,Miss I. Greenall, Miss C Greenall, Miss Greenup, Mr and Mrs W Greernsp, Mr and Mrs H Greensll, Mrs Edward Greenall, Mr Mertimore Gale, Mr G E Godwin, Mr and Mrs Greener, Mies Grooms, Mr Herbert Gill,Mr William Gill, Mrs and Miss Harrison, Mr and Mrs John Hutch- ings, Mr and Mrs illsorge Hayes, Miss Violet Hayes, Miss Hayes, Mr and Mrs C 9 Harvey, Mr Renold Helms, the Right Hon. W L and Mrs Jackson, Mr George Jackson, Mr. Stanley Jackson, Mrs Jones (The Elms), Mr and Mrs W C Jones (Llanerch), Mr Walter J Jones, Mr and Mrs Wynne Jones and party, Mr and Mrs Lister-Kaye, Mr and Mrs Long, Mr and Mrs Lyon, Miss Lyon, Mrs Litton and party. Mr and Mrs J D Lees, Mr and Mrs Marken- dale and party, Mr and Mrs Edward Milner, Miss Milner (Moore), Miss Milner (Lymrn), MIAs F Midwood, Mr and Mrs Colin Maclvar, Mr and Mrs Charles Marssn, Miss Matheson, Mr G Matheson, Miss Massey, Mr. and Mrs Mortimore, Mr and Mrs John Nelson, Mr and Mrs W Nelson, Mr and Mrs Norris and party, Rev and Mrs Pieot, Mr and Mrs Charlton Parr, Miss Pownall, Mrs H Palmer, Mrs Sylvanus Reynolds, Mr and Mrs Charles Reynolds, Mr and Mrs H Reynolds, Mrs Peter Rylands, Mr and Mrs Reynolds Rowe, Major and Mrs Mclver Rome, Mr Sielvanus Reynolds, Mrs James Reynolds, Mr and Mrs Shipman, Miss Shaw, Mrs Soarp, Rev and Mrs Morley Stevenson, Rev and Mrs Slater, Mr and Mrs Peter Stevenson, Mr and Mrs Pster Stubs, Miss Seeker, Mr J Sacker. Captain and Mrs Skirrow, Mr and Mrs Thornely, Miss Thorraely, Mr E Thornely, Mr and Mrs Walter Tinsley, Mrs Harrison Tinsley, Mr and Mrs William Tinsley,Mr and Mrs Alfred Thentas,Mins Thonsas Miss Tinsley (Peaks*, Miss M Tinsley (Panketh), Master Alan Tinsley, Miss Valentine, Mr Frank Vieary, Rev Canon and Mrs Willis, Rev and Mrs Wilkinson, Rev and Mrs Wray, Rev and Mrs Whitley, Rev and Mrs Will- cocksfDr White,Mr and Mrs Joan Whito,the Misses Whits, Mr and Mrs Logan Weight, Miss Whitley, Mr John Whitley, Mr J D Whitaker, Mr and Mrs E W Woods, house party. The following is a list of the presents : Mr James Tinsley, dressing bag and house linen Mr Robert Davies, cheque Mrs Robert Davies. piano Mr and Mrs Vero B Davies, silver tea set and silver kettle Mrs Vere B Davies. Irish lace Mr Frank Tinsley, table silver Mr James Tinsley jun., silver fish kalves Mr 0 H Tinsley, pearl necklace, table cutlery and fishing rod

_ Mr Hugh Tinsley, oak table Mr Leonard G Davies. sil-er salver Mr C B Davies and Mr V V DivieJ, silver toast racks Ms and Mrs Long, engraving and needlework Mr and Mrs Thornely, silver basket and tea bisket Mrs Morland llrosfield, and Mrs Ernest Crosfield, and Mr S M Crosfield, silver-mounted dressing case Mr and Mrs Alfred Thomas and Miss Thomas, dessert service

Mr and Mrs Wa'ter Tinsley, silver mirror Mr awl Mrs W Shiptnan, walnut tea table Miss Thornely, chatelaine bag Rev R and Mrs Charlie, breakfast dish Miss Harrison, knife rests Mr and Mrs Greenup, scent bottle Miss M Turner Payne, and Miss K Turner Payne, Wor- cester china Mrs Beamont, dessert knives and forks Mr Alan Tinsley, mEgnifying glass Mrs William C Jones, silver tea caddy Mr and Mrs John Crosfield, silver cruets Mr and Miss Matheson, silver cake dish Mr and Mrs F J Coleridge Boles, silver mounted claret jug Captain and Mrs ElJridge, silver-mounted jug Mrs Adams. silver tea set Sir Gilbert Greenall, silver salver Mr and Mrs Cyril Gree nail, claret jug Miss Shaw, silver vases Rev R Greenall, and the Misses Greenall, picture Mr and Mrs Henry Greewill, travelling clock Mrs and Miss Lyon, embroidered sachet Mr Charles Marson, standard lamp Captain and Mrs Skirrow, silver candlesticks The Right Hon W L and Mrs Jackson; silver ink stand. Mr and Mrs John Nelson, enam3llel writing set Mr and Mrs John White, brass writing set Mr and Mrs Aylmer Frost, old [diver bowl Mrs Sylvanus Reynolds, Brussels lace Mr and Mrs Rigby-Armitage, copper tray Mr and Mrs Loon Wright, silver cigarette b)x and lamp. Mrs Logan Wright. silver trinket box _ . . .

Mrs Broadbent, table centre Rev S and Mrs Wilkinson, " The Christian Year"

Mr Herbert Gill, ey,g holler Mr A H Orostield. silver dish and spoon

Mr and Mrs J J Crustield, 'liver spoous

. . Mrs Thomas Greenall and Miss C Greenall, silver butter dish

_ Miss Greenall ant Miss C Greenall, cushion Mr and Mrs C,harles Reynolds. china vases Mr and Mrs William Mortimer, emb,)ssed silver cigarette box

Mr and Mrs IN Nelson, muffin dish Mr and Mrs li Broadbent, brass palm pot

Dr White. silver gilt coronation spoons Rev and Mrs Wray. Worcaster ehina Miss V Hayes, china tea set Mr John J Whitley, engraving after Leader Mr G H Dodd, lamp _ . .

Servants at Daresbury Hall, silver butter dishes Mrs Hodgson. old silver spoons and china Servants at ilirchdale, silver salts Servants at Dukefield, and Lizzie Thomas and Enama Holland, silver serviette rings Mrs Pollard, bread botrd and knife Mrs T Witter, china vase Mr J D Whitaker, silver ash trays

Mr Ronald Holme', cigarette CI.9E;

Mr and. Mrs J Hutchings, fruit spoons

Mrs Bekerslev. silver calendar

Mr Markend 'lle, silver salts bottle Mrs .1 A Edelsten, leatly..r umbrella bolder

Mr and Mrs Ashton, silver butter dishes

Mr and Miss Appleton, photograph frame Mr and Mrs Leonard Agnew, old Dutch silver bonbon dishes

Mr and Mrs Stevenson, antique ring and breach Mrs Strirp. afternoon tea stand Mr C Hobbs, George IIL erelrn jug Mr and Mrs Colin Alaclver, tea and luncheon basket

Mr John Reynolds. egg stand -

Mrs Litton, apostle spoons an tongs Mr and Mrs George Dakin, George 111. cream jug Rev 11 T and Mrs Clark, Prayer Book in silver case

ir W D Bullock, luncheon basket

Mr and Mrs Darlington, silver match box and taper stand Mrs Peter Rylands silver sardine tangs

Mrs and Miss Blain, referetace book rack Mr Percy Mortimer, spirit decanter Mrs Bright, silver shoe horn Ms Ileyrich_Palmer, Satsuma bowl

141 r and 'Mrs 11 W Griffith, sifter louttar dishes

Mr and Mrs R I Wynne Jones, silver pepper grinder Mr and Mrs Norris, sugar basin

UN I 0 N CRE D I T BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &c., at the following low rates :- 210 repayable 53. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ .. £3 85. 64. £lOO „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Tne Scnooes.—The reports of H.M. Inspector show the high state of efficiency the schools have reached : Boys' Endowed School " The school continues to do much excellent werk. Algebra good and intelligent."— Girls' Schoal : "The school is now in a thoroughly satisfactory condition. Both discipline and instructions are good."—lnfants' School (Cnurch-street) : "The school is ding remarkably well."—Five Crosses Infant School: "The work has improved during the latter part of the year ; the first and second classes are now doing well ; the third el- ss is still inactive and restless, and oonsecpaently the e:ecipline and instruction falls off here. The work, however, is promising for the future." ODDFELLOWS AT Curfew a.—Last Sunday morning the members of the Frodsham Habitation of Oddfellows, numbering 116,headed by the Widnes Subscription Band, marched to the Parish Church for divine service. The Bishop of the Diocese (Dr. Jayne) preached, and alluded to the work of friendly societies. There was a very large attendance. PREFERMENT OF THE REV. CHARLES STEELE, M.A.— Dr. Steele's eldest son, the Rev. Charles Steele, M.A., curate of St. Andrew's, Sharrow, Sheffield, has been appointed vicar of Nether Hoyland, Barnsley, on the presentation of Earl Fitzwilliam. Mr. Steele has been for six years curate of Sharyow, and his preferment is a wall-merited recognition of his serviees. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.—At the monthly meeting of the Committee, held on Friday evening, Mr. Charles E. Linaker presiding, the Clerk (Mr. Ashton) reported the receipt of letters from the Railway Company in reply to the complaint of the Committea relative to the consign- ments of bones, .3cc., which it had been alleged were allowed to remain at Fradsham Station too long. The Cerapany stated that only one waggon had been so allowed, as the Company did all in their power to pre- vent complaint.—Mr. Williams asked the Committee to allow the ^notim for the adoption ef the Town's 'folic At S:ALldirliZ its ais name to b 3 postponed to the nex meeting, as the clauses comprised in the Act he found very nuneerous.—The required per- mission was granted.—The Chairman ot the Light- ing Committee (Mr. Shore) produced a letter he had received from the Frodsham Gas and IN ater Company undertaking to light the street lamps, from the 16th inst. to the 15th May next, for toe sum of 30s per lamp. He explained that he did not press the com- pany to reduce the price per lamp, as during the past five years he had obtained reductions to the extent of 71 6d per lamp. The Surveyor introduced the subject of additional wages to the road men for cleaning out the manholes of the sewers, and after some consideration it was resolved that an extra 6,21 per day be granted.—Mr. Williams inquired whether the samples of water from the mains had been submitted for analysis—The In- spector stated the matter should have his immediate attention.—For the information of the Committee the Chairman stated that the report of the Jubilee celebration had been received from the Hon. Secretary (Mr- S. Daviei), and he hoped that a oopy report would be in the haads of the subscribers before the next meeting.

===== 0002601_18990818_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD FATALITY AT STOCKPORT. A GIRL JUMPS FROM A WINDOW:

Shortly before Wednesday midnight a sad incident occurred in High-street, Stockport, by which a girl, named Mary Ellen Arrandale, agei 18 year 3, lost her life. It appears from the statement math by the girl's father, that shortly after eleven o'clock his daughter came in the bouse, and he therEupon remonstrated with her, and told her that she would net have to keep late hours again. The girl ran upstairs, and shortly after- wards the window was raised, and the girl jumped through the window and fell with a thud on the pave- ment. The police were called in, ana it was then found that death had been almost instantaneaus,the aeck having been broken.

GREAT JEWEL ROBBERY. BIRMINGHAM TRAVELLER ROSBED IN LIVERPOOL.

A daring robbery of jowellery, iu which the thief got clear with £2,000 wortn, has just come to light at Liver- pool. On Tuesday night a Birmingham commercial traveller, Mr. Fred Burgess, representative of Messrs. Henry Griffiths and Sons, manufacturing j -wellers• called at the telegraph office in Lyme-street Station, to send a message away, and whilst his attention was momentarily diverted from a bag of jewellery on which he had placed his foot as it lay on the floor, a swell thief cooly lifted it, and at once disappeared with the bag. LONDON WOMAN'S SAD DEATH.

A tragedy is reported from Canning Town, London. Mrs. Mary Hyde,a woman of 28,1 i ving with her husband, a coal portr.r, at the Docks, returned horns on Wednes- day night alter having tea with a neighb ,ur. Nothing more was known of her until some minut=s afterwards, when she screamed out to a friend, Mrs. Bayly, Foe God's sake come quickly, lam dying." Mrs. Bayly rushed in and found Mrs. Hyde lying in a terribly cut and bruised condition, her clothes covered wiih blood. Three minutes later she died.—Dr. Blewitt was called in, and satisfisd himself that death was duo to a kick. It was stated on Thursday that just before her death the woman aceounted for her injuries by saying shs had fallen over a chair.

THE ATTACK ON M. LA.BORL ___ AN X-RAY EXAMINATION.

The following bulletin was issued at Rennes at half- past five en Wednesday evening regarding Maitre Labori :—" Condition satisfactory, notwithstanding slight fsver."—Maitre Labori's condition was slightly worse yesterday morning,though he obtainedsome sleep He is still feverish.

An exanainetion of,tba wound by means of the X Ray was made yesterday. It showed the bullet had pene- trated the skin and the subcutaneous tissues, and lodged in the dr)rsal muscles.

SCENE AT THE DREYFUS TRIAL. M. BERTULUS DENOUNCED AS A "JUDAS."

A dramatic scene followed the conclusion -of 111:13—ertu- lUeS statements yesterday,at the Dreyfus trial. Madame Henry entered the witness bcx' and standing beside the magistrate, described how she had warned her husband against the apparent friendliness of M. Bertulus. Amid great excitement she apostrophised the magistrate in open court as a " _Judas."

M. Bertulue said be would not reply to L lady who was seeking to defend her husband's memory and her child.

After this came Col. Picquart, who protested against the accusation of having made away with any docu- ments or having sought to substitute another officer for Dreyfus. Witness maintained that there was no evidence of treason on the part of Dreyfus txcept the bordereau, which, he submitted, being dated October, could not possibly have emanated from Dreyfus. YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. CLOSE OF PLAY SCORES.

LANCASHIRE V. MIDDLESEX :—Mide.losex, 406, Lancaphire, 24 for 1. NOTTS v. YORKSHIRE :—Yorkshire. 391, Notts, 16 for 1.

SOMERSETSHIRE v. SURREY :—Surru, 370 for 7.

WORCESTERSHIRE V. DERBYSHIRE :—Woroester- shire, 399 for 6.

WARWICKSHIRE v. KENT :—Kent, 158; Warwick* shire, 107 for 4..

HA-MPSHIRE v. LEICESTERSHIRE :—llampshire. 290 for 5. GLOUCESTERSHIRE v. AUSTRALlANS.—Glotnes- tershire 203 ; Australians, 113 for 4.

===== 0002601_18990818_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MERTINGS ON LORD'S DAT. ~I.IIGITST 20TH as follows :—Preqkcher, Mr. F. BROAD- 'ILIUM Worship 10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. No collection. "Wks provided.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIKE FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIKE FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). MUD OPTION AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marson Street, Warrington

AGINETSCOTSON, deceased.—All persons haying claims against the Estate of AGNES SCOT- IP, lately trading as AGNEi JENKS, of the Ship Inn, „artington, deeeased, who died 4th August, 1859, are re- iptilted to forthwith send particulars thereof in writiag to Qe tindersigned. Dated 16th August, 1899. H. B. WHITE 5-, SONS, 17, Cairo-street, Warrington. Solicitors for the Executors.

44-PPECI PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YRS I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPEOIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEDS-STREET, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED, WARRINGTON. 4i PER CENT. DEBENTURE STOCK. The Transfer books of this Company relating to this issue VII be closed from the 19th inst., to the 31st August (both d?'" inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing the 'Mend warrauts due let September. W. H. ROBINSON, . Secretary. Warrington. 19th Augnst. 1899.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A 'SO COINS. WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COINS. WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, ." ID SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAIL MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

FINNEY TESTIMONIAL FUND. -- ,After 35 years' Service. MR. FINNEY is about to retire 041 the Headship of Heathside Schools. Any old s'uIIIOLAES or FRIENDS of Educational Work, who wish ;(.. Subscribe, will oblige by communicating with, either Mr. , • GORDON, Senior Assistant at the School, or myself, on oebalf of the Managers. ALP. J. JOLLEY, Marsh Ho s lane Warrington. .0 e- ,

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; (*torte Silk for Ss. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each secover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. 27,MANCHESTER-ST. ; braneh,9, (treat George- street, Liverpool.

SPPER MliftsEY NAVI4A.TION COMMISSIONERS. uPPER MERSEY NAVIGATION ACTS, 187 G AND 1879. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that JAMES T. FOARD, the Barrister, for the time, being appoin- ted to revise the List of Burgesses of Warrington, entitled t• tOte in the Election of a Member of Parliament for that ..,,orough WILL HOLD a COURT on the TWENTIETH ;AY of SRPTEMBER, 1899, at 1.15 p.m., at the Town Hall, Lvidnes, in ths County of Lancaster, for the Revision of the vl)Per Mersey Navigation Electors, to wit the List of Persons "bo shall be qualified to vote at the next ensuing election of (he Upper Mersey Navigation Caramissioners, Dated the 19th day of August, 1899. J. MEADOWOROPT. Clerk to the Commissioners.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Xi/ T. REMINGTON'S Improved Meatus' TRUSS tor Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 9 Grosvenor -street Lon oon-road, Manchester.

PARLOW'S TIC POWDERS. Cure Pain in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgin, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Anremia. &c. All Chemists is 1,1 and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILLSLEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

GOOD WORKNIANSHIP & REAL GOLD IS CHEAPEST. No OTHER IS EVER TURNES, OUT OF OUR GILDING SIOP AT 68, HANOVER STREET, LIVERPOOL. BRADLEY PASS AND CO. (Two doors from Bold-street).

NATARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. °RAWING, MODELLING, PAINTING, DRAPED LIFE. CLASS DESIGN, WOOD-CARVING. Tbe DAY CLASSES will RB-OPEN on TUESDAY. SRPTEMBER 19nx. icor particulars and fees, see Syllabus (Postage 1d). CHARLES MADELEY (Secretary).

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETAIAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TAILS OF PURR HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent poet free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W• B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

'WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL- TURAL SHOW. --__ SEPTENIBE R 6TH AND 7TH. PRIZES EXCEED .£2,000. 111 ADDITION TO SEVERAL CHALLENGE BOWLS AND SPECIAL PRIZES. ENTRIES POSITIVELY CLOSE TO-NIGHT'S gPOST (19rs IrniT). ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Searstary. 6, II amilton-square. Birkenhead.

RUNCORN COTTAGE HOSPITAL. GRAND SWIMMING 6ALA, BIG POOL, RUNCORN. MONDAY NEXT, AUGUST 210, Mg. lart 6-30 p.m. prompt. Particulars of events see Posters. LOCAL AND OPEN EVENTS. VALUABLE PRIZES GIVEN. Selections by the Runcorn Valunt,aer Band.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE—GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES ;FROM Ss. 6,1. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

LIVERPOOL TO BELFAST. irkAf..AN,‘. SHORT date TICKETS (14 days) issued Saturdays. . Return Saloon 106. Return Steerage 4s. S.S. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday, from West side St. George's Dock *SATURDAY, AUG 12th 10 30 p.m. *TUESDAY, AUG. 15th 930 p.m. *THURSDAY. AUG 17th 930 p.m. *SATURDAY, AUG 19th 10 30 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. Single Saloon Bs. Return 12s 64. Single Steerage ,3a 6d. Return 5s 6d. Send for new Edition " Peeps at Irish Scenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. EVENING- CLASSES. SCHOOL. OF :ART. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. , Tbe Session will commence on MONDAY, SIiPTBMBRII -Lath, New Classes in Mathematics (Stage III), Botany, Cookery (Adult class). For Time-table and Fees, see List of elasos , ready shortly. !CHARLES MLDELEY, Secretary. _ The Museum.

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGS gREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer: From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24, North Side t Wed.. Aug. 23rd 12 noon Monday Aug. 21st 2 p.n. Monday Aug. 28th 3 p.m. Friday Aug. 25th 2 p.m. Wed.. Aug. 30th 2 p.m. Vrain from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock at 6-30 p.m. from Landing Stage at 3 p.m. FARES—Cauin. Single, 10..; Return, valid for Two Months, 15s ; Steerage, Single, ss, SPECIAL RETURN TICKBTS, valid for 10 days only, are issued at 12s 6d Cabin ; 7s 6d Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACH, LIVERPOOL.

9IJY'S HOSPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL.—The -WINTER A3SSION will BEGIN en MONDAY, Oct. Entrance scholarships of the combined value of £4lO are rvarded annuaily, and numerous prizes and medals are open Competition by students of the school. Atie number of patients treated in the wards during last Yeo exceeded 6,500. Ail hospital appointments are made strictly in actor dance With the merits of the candidates, and without extra pa y- -41. eat. There are 23 resident appointments open to students the Hospital annually, without payment of additional fees, .'4uumzrous non-resident appointments in the general and "Pecial departments. The Queen Victoria Ward, recently re- V'ehecl, will provide additional azoonsmodation for gync ago- °Rical and maternity eases. The College acoommo,lat.ns 60 students, under the Cu per- 'Von of a resident warden. t 'the Dental School provides the full curriculum requ ired Cr the L.D.S. Th‘gland. The Clubs' Union Athletic Ground is easily access ible. _A handbook of information tor those aboutlito enter the 'ledical profession will be forwarded on application. , Por the 1,. ospectus ot the School, containing full partic u- 'are as to fees, course of study advised, regulations of the &c., epply personally, er by letter, to the DEAN, "fl'Y's Hospital, London-bridge, S.E.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. f-. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-39 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First class and Saloon 23s 6d } Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s Od alongside Third class and Fore Cabin.lls Od steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available tor gc ing via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares First-class and Saloon 19s Ckl Third-class and Saloon 13s 6d Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be EXTRA sailings every SATURDAY, July Bth to SEPTEM- 13BR 2nd., in connection with trait leaving Warrington at 2,25 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

SHREWSBURY GREAT LORAL FETE, iv,RDNEsDAy THURSDAY, August 23rd & 24th, 1899. GREAT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW. The Largest and most superb Flower Show ever held either In London or the Provinces. Over 3,000 Entries. £l,OOO IN PRIZES. ch day the Splendid BANDS (by kind permission) of H.M. ROYAL _HORSE GUARDS (BLuE), H.M. COLDSTREAM GUARDS, THE ROYAL' MARINES (PonTsmount). 105 UNRIVALLED PERFORMERS AND OTHER MILITARY BANDS. The most MARVELLO- US PERFORMERS IN THE IR._ WORLD. who appear AT THIS PETE ONLY. CHEVALIER PONCHERY THE THREE iaIARNIS HADJI ABDULLAH'S BEDOUIN ARABS— BkLBINI 'TROUPE OF BICYCLISTS DONALDSON iz,4, OS. & ARDELL —PABLo DIAL—THE FOUR COMICAL 11'4,11ACs'—BORRA & MILO—DON EVEREST'S TRAPEZE NKEYS PROF. PARKER'S LEAPING DOGS uNCHERY & MINTING IN FIREWORKS—And other Msrvellous Artistes. WO GRAND BALLOON A- SCENTS, at 4 & 7, EACH DAY. ---- 11ORSE LEAPING COMPETITION, £l.OO IN PRIZES. --- GORGEOUS ILLUMINATIONS AND FIREWORKS. 41),. --- '.OIAL E.X.URiION TRAINS from Preston, Wigan, 413, Warrington, and all parts. IZSioN :—Wedneslay, One o'clock. 2s. 6d.; after Five, Is. 'Qureday, all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING ONLY. H. W. ADNITT. W. W. NAUNTON, Hon. Secs. Square, Shrewsbury.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8.8. COREAN. for St. John's N.F., and Halifax Aug. 19th 8 s. BAVARIAN for Quebec and Montreal Aug. 24th s.s. SIBERI IN for - t. John's N.F.. and:ll%lifsx Aug. 29th s.s. CALIFORNIAN. for Quebec and Montreal Aug 31st s.s. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 7th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage 25 Ihrough Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS .3; Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warringto

ISLE OF DIAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVEPPooL From DOUGLAS. Daily...lo 30 a.m., & 2 p.m. I Daily 9 a.m., & 4 p.m. EXTBA SAILINGS. Fridays spm & 12 night I Mondays l2-30 a m Saturdays ...5 p m it 12-30 nt Mondays 12 night I Wednesdays l2 night I DAY EXCURSIONS daily, by "Empress Quecn." From Liverpool —.10.30 a.m. I From Douglas Douglas arrive abt 2.15 p.m. I Liverpool arrive abt 7.45 p.m. And by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer at day *Nunn-elm:1 fares. REDUCED DAY EXCURSION FARES. Saloon 6s, Fore Cabin, 45. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY direct.—Mondays, and Saturdays at 12-30 noon. Via Cougla!, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thurs- days and Fridays, at 2 p m. The most enjortbie route to Dublin. Belfast, and Glasgow Ii via Douglss. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailings free, or postage id. Isle of Man Steampacket Company, Limited, Imperial- buildings, Douglas; THOMAS 0 IiFO/tD & SON, 22, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK. BOS TON, PHILADELPHIA.SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND aLould take tiekc•ts at the LOWEST RATES at ,PT OHN V V ALKER AND (20., ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAMEhS from LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTTS HAMS AO BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 22, BUTORMARKET STREET, wiuntsTNGTON.

NOTICE OF RE-N:OVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85, Bridge-street. Warrington to more suitable premises at radgate-lane, FAIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the meat improved type of oven. ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any Urn*. Telephone 1913.

TT U NIAIR THE CLOCK - IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS.

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VABIBTIRS TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOTER•STREET. LIVERPOOL.

To BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS. PEELS, RODS, SCALES, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS. PIPES, EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINES‘ MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRATS, BUN PROVERS. WIPING TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM TERRIERS, &c, ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOCK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. Ni. LOWE, 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephoue 194, Edge Hill.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS. FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. Toe, le. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY PONT 18. D. AND SD. ZACK. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECIIAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. ki. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W. P. FRA.NCIS AND CO. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, BROAD STREET HOUSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATERS FREE OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- earat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FDTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND Co. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. 41 1Y TEUTONIC Wed.. Aug. 23 1 CYMRIC Fri, Sept 1 GERMANIC Wed., Aug. 30 r OCEANIC Wed. Sept 6 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tol Ismer, 'mum, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhal street, London 8.C..

T IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling _LJ at GREENOCK, weather and circum- Y.M.W stance. permitting OWL AND BEAR Or ether steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). AUGUST. F ROM LIVERPOOL FRONI GLASGOW Monday 21st 9p m. Wednesday 23rd 2 p.m. 6 30* Friday 25th 1 p.m. Monday 28th 2 p.m. 6 3G* Wednesday 30th 6 p.m. t From Clarence Dock, south-West Side By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FIRES.-- Cabin (single). 10s.; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage, (Single) 5s • SPECIAL ir dREB: —Cabin return (available for ten days), 'l2s ed. Steerage return (avallable for ten days), is. 6d. Through bookings 'Si connection with Cheshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company. Limited, C. BIACIVER 8c)00.. Managers, Albert square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included) LIVERPOOL to LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR, and MENAI BRIDGE (weather and circumstances permit- ting),sailing from Prince's Landing Stage EVERY DAY at a.m. By the splendid steamer "ST. TUDNO " for above 10-45 places (four hours ashore at Llandudno), due back at 7-30 p.m. a.m. EVERY SATURDAY, CARNARVON and BACK 9-15 same day. Special Extra Sailings by St. Elvies for above places (long day ashore at Llandudno), due back by St Tuduo at 7-30 or at 8-15 p.m. by Snowdon. p.m. EVIiRY SATURDAY and MONDAY AFTERNOON 2-15 by St. Elvies, and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS by Snowdon, to above places, connecting at Llandudno with St. Tudno ; due back 7-30 p.m. MONDAY MORNINGS from North Wales. Early Steamer (St, Elvies), due Liverpool 10 15 a.m. Reduced Day and Pi cek-end Fares. Special Cheap Half-day fares. For all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTD.. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 2), WATER-SIREET, LIVERPOOL. Tel. No. 6366.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS TAB BUST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E. NI. AsHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY, MEAT PIES. POTTED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND. 1899.

"4L 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENtILISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitte4 with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finisbed and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This wptch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNt OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DNFIES COMPETITION A Bona- Ade Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SHIES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from El/STANCH AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCI, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

MRS. WALTON'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEAD LANE, PADGATE, ONE MINUTE'S WALK FROM 'BUS TERMINUS

NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE. ARBOR'S ARMS, FHARNHEAD. JOSEPH ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES ritnning from Central Station to Fenrnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time at reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edisoh's tatest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES, and Stout. Wines, Spirits, and cigars of the Best Quality. A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Class of Photographic Work finished In the Rest and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHER GROUPS • SPECIALITIE.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good quality and first-class workmanship. The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them 11 IT FOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large stock. experience, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which rA,'urally apply to oar well-known extensive businesu of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established Ha), in which we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all parts of the country. make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE ct LESS THAN THE USUAL COST PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 101 MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL. LIME-STREBT END (Close by the Adelphl Hotel).

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN 5T017.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stopp.red Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWES STREET.

WILLIAM L INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, - GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR. Quoits, and Repaired. CLUThiI, Puff and Darts, - as. PUBLICS. Skittles, az. Estimates given. 38, SHUDE HILL, MANCHESTER. BSTABLISHEDNEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON ROAD, IS NOW SHOWING. ABSOLUTELY THE BEST AND MOST LADY-LIKE MILLINERY IN LIVER- POOL. ALL GOODS NOW AT END OF THE SEASON PRICE

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ecc., ctc. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, ac., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Beet and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winifride's Well, Pantasaph, Prestatvn. and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle oaloan Steamer FLYING FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, two to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. *Long day trips, ahout ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL From Mom's *Sat. 19th Aug. 8 0 a.m. *Sat, 19th Aug. 10 0 a.m. *Sat. 19th Aug. 530 p.m. *Sat. 19th Aug. 730 p.m. Mon. 21st Aug. 9 0 a.m. Mon. 21st Aug. 12 0 Roon Tues. 22nd Aug, 9 0 am. Tues. 22nd Aug. 1 0 p.m. Wed. 23rd Aug. 9 0 a.m. Wed. 23rd Aug. 1 30 p.m. Thu. 24th Aug. 10 0 a:m. Thu. 24th Aug. 2 15 p.m. Fri. 25th Aug. 10 0 a.m. Fri. 25th Aug. 3 0 p.m. Sat. 26th Aug. 10 30 a.m. Sat. 26th Aug. 4 0 p.m. Single Fare (Deck), Is. 6d ; (Bridge), 2s. 6d. Return Fare (Deck), 2s. ; Bridge, 3s. lickets not transferable, and available for day of issue cn'y. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. •Otlises : 27, WATER-SiRBET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2334

BUY YOUR GROCERIES CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST IBAIEIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT PON= POVEY AND DUCKWORTH' AND DUCKWOETH'S,S 129 BUTTERSIARKET STREET, ...i AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

UNDER DEED OF ARRANGEMENT. W. WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS). JEWELLERS AND SILVERSMITHS, 14, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL REALIZATION SALE. 40 TO 50 PER CENT. OFF EVERY ARTICLE IN STOCK. SEE WINDOWS FOR SPECIAL PRICES.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROA.D, LIVERPOOL, . PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (or ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, At., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

KINDLY NOTE THE LOW PRICES ARE FORiCASH ONLY. FURNiSH THROUGHOUT AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL AND YOU WILL SAVE MONEY, TIME AND TROUBLE. NO ESTABLISHMENT OUT OF LONDON TO EQUAL IT FOR VALUE, STYLE, AND QUALITY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE LOW PRICES ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES POST FREE.

TAM O'SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY 'THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY YINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENT. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. -Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depats and Show Rooms 359 9 NORTH JOHN STREET LIVERPOOL ELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: DIR. A. STANWAY, 37, BuTTERmARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSItS. HANDLEY AND BECK, laosatoNeEßa.

ESTA.BLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, lc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

For nearly 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO; WOMANKIND. They are the best hnownlremedy :fOr Anmmia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite. Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 90., le. 11c1.. 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. De not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Dn. DAVIS, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and iiscreasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the onl, person in possession of the ORIGINAL REci,PE. The genaine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Out Side label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & Sox 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau Is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2e. 9d. each by most Chemist.

£4,000,000 HATE NOW BEEN PAW IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE, BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, COit.NHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. ElGBEY.Nesselift,. Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON,Moerfield House

- TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, irrnancrai. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, TCoNsuidrnow, OWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, rir (1 SPASMS. &c. _t_ OW LE'S k jHLORODYI\ E 131 d. per Bottl e. A. P. Tormic tdANCIMSTES.

HALF-YEARLY SALE. CLEARANCE OF SURPLUS iSTOCK. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER CLEARING LOTS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. THE GOODS COMPRISE COSTUMES, MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, CURTAINS, HOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY, Ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL

TAILOR MADE COSTUMES 528. 6D.—TO MEASURE ONLY.-525. 6D NEWEST DESIGNS. STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED. SATCHEL L'S, 485 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG kV I il k wounas that „m a dischargeo n d on rn otherwise, h a per ha surrounded h n fl you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im oression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that &flee all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may bnve rtt,ended various hospitals and had medical advice, ani oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am putation ; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Older for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDoN-STRERT LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLs which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Isocise- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Jointa, Carbuncles, Pols )2el Hands, Bunions. !Registered Copyright.)

They LOOK SMART and YIELD FAITHFUL SERVICE ,11 :-...,;'):-.; , 4-31 . rifV-1..'---...‘ HALF- -5,-.-,..-----.:-„, KO' ut . . , c1.,(40,•:' ~..v. _ . st .................. • "CV ,P;7l Irti 14-_,:'t ,-, cosTu t..,:.r.1 Es 'NII%. 11, .....,..A ‘.„,... ~,\ I.:. ~ ),, ~.\:.,, • ' V,it ~ 1., \ '\:11! r: 4, ~,\ ‘,.. ~, \ Promptly sent by Parcel Post, safely '\ packed, Direct from the Largest Firm of Costumiers and ilantlemen in the World. PATTERNS SENT POST FREE , r (together with the Illustrated Costume. Dress, Drapery &M tie!an ist) of the twCostumes o good durable `-, , i •• .t. - ~,' . ~ ,' ' . .•-•„' ';1(11 • --T. IV- , :is ..,....., . k '..,..„, L cloths in which these are usually j/...7e ..,_•_\,.\.."\\, ~t. • \ -. -4-- - supplied:— .z. "--",-. - __ • _ I.—JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE, weighty and suntan. weather resisting• 11.1:14P1 —1 NOBLE COSTUME . HATING, smooth-surfaced, medium weight. 4' . . A k HI.I. DRESS LENGTH of either Cloth(G yds • . , , .52 ins. wide)for 71. Carriage, Sd. . ' CPLOURSotallCoetumes areßlack,tiavy,Brown, ~.,-,,,,,,` ~ ''''''\''' \ Myrtle, Grey, Fawn, Royal Blue, Reseda. and A,' A , Crimson. THE THREE SIZES IN STOCK are •k , 4s\ \ \ 34 in., 36 in. Sz 38 in. round bust (under arms), --,-,,_\.N Waists, 24in., 26in., 2Sin Skirts being 38in.,40in. ',4.,,---2, i ...••• ' and 42in. long in front. Any other size can be 4"/ \ '.'''- ' : , ;•,,‘V,;,,, \\ made to measure, 1/6 extra. ~,,,, , X ••':„.‘,, ; • ,' • - .-:' \ ..,,:.\\ ' , ~1)k \ • , '' \` ‘,.'!;,.., ..\, \ .‘• \ . re.. '.l -,, 0 ‘, ~, , \ ''' ‘\ ';‘, • \\ \ ' , _ ..,,-,-- _ Ki5:,,,,,,5,,,,_, kN %, ,z \ • ;‘ '\\ \ N.,. ~,,.• '•,:..5, ~..„ . \‘a , , , , , Zi.‘l4lWA ;-\ .oi tz.,•,<-'-'' ::. % ...-Z,'".1.,-\,, -- ~ . ~___ ..›, ~ i: -,:ty....„:,-.,,, . ~ ~ \--, 5 ..4,;i.:..1.,,,...:.,‘, , MODEL 1083. z. , MODEL 1240. Well-made Bodice, saddle and\4\\o .„\\.,' ~ sleeves, lined, in/2 prettily trim- , , N ,•,,,' A new design ; open Coat, ‘" --! ..,.2 well cut and ,martly finished black lUs l, Raissia braid \s/ , and embroidered in contrasting _ ..,„„%, ' t 10/6 shade. Price complete, 106. Car- ••.....-,•:: \ \ Complete uabole,, t ,kiniret., rive, Gd. The Skirt alone for 5 10,6. Carriage Gd. The Skirt,6. Z\ A ' -, Carriage, sd. sst•W' o .0, \. - \ alone for Carriage sd. MODEL 1014. cor ' k'\;••••N. N k ~..4 , , ..En MODEL 573. ~. I{FlendsiVcsirrat'LcshileadrttoFrlLqieveitol /7/71 'll lir\ 1.: .k ' \s, \ ' Strong Suit in stout Serge, ^,.., .-- for Boys 3to 7 years. All sarne material, and a smart Reefer //// , .il ~1 ~. Coat lined throu h and finished off • i 1 1\ i‘ Yif t sizes at same K / Carriage sd. 1../' 'PATTERNS withlt buttons.gThe two garments / 1 1 \ together thus form a splendid outfit; //// i/ , 1 , , '../4 FREE. Colours: Black,Navy, Fawn, Brown, or Grey. State while the Frock alone can be used ' i I tI, 11 . 4-51 boy's age when writing. for school or house wear. The , • Jacket, too, would look well with . any other frock. In Black and MOURNING ORDERS 'ii executed at 12 hours notice. 21 24 27 30 33 36 ins. Postage 7/11 8/11 9/11 11/- 12/9 11/9 ea.6d extra. ki‘. . 1 Bankers: "LONDON CITY •4' -—— . e Kindly name this paper when & MIDLAND" BANK, LTD. `,..., = writing to _ JOHN NOBLE, LTD,, B"Vtreet MANCHESTER mills, ass

-- 1 STARCHING A PLEASURE.! THE NEW STARCH' 1.4.• Me Wi-laIVIA.S a& GO'S. StOSSilet Start. A 1 1 Requires no glaze. Maybe used with hot or cold water. _it. ISexes time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist fo' SOLD IN PACKETS, id. and 44. SOLE MANUFACTURERS: Lear M • 70 X—ICCOPAUS. S a& 041., ~,,ce Prince's Buildings,Edge-Iane,LIVERPOOL.A.k your Grocer for saroPlr...,a

DRAUGHTS. " ExA.mitsTßE," AUGUST 18TH, 1899. alt communications inctuding solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the . Draughts ltditor." " Facaminer "Office. War- rington, and must rtauh the office not later than the first post on FITIDAY morning. The Draughts lfiditor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, imswer in this column all enquiries.] ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. We wish to call the attention of several of our solvers to the fact that they ought to put their name or address with their solutions. A rectiflza• tion of this will greatly oblige us. J. J. FODEN, Warrington: Much obliged for Problem. --- SOLUTION OP PROBL EU No. 45. Black men on 1,3, 11, and 21; king on 25. White men on 5, 16, 18, 20, 26, and 30. White to move and draw. 26-22 16-11 11— 7 1— 6 13-17 25-29 7-16 3-10 19-15 19-23 18-15 20-11 5 1 6-13 17-22 11-25 1— 6 6 9 15-19 Drawn. ---- PROBLENI No 46. By Mr. J. J. FODEN, WARRINGTON. [SLACK] r.t el Aei ' r le o /' . CD, r .„ r, , , 4 CO A 2/ © el 0 , s/ r-----A y j / CZ) 44 . , I ' e /z' Ize,./ 1 4 lei I. ./. / z r• 2- , ,i -..,

[BLACK.) Either to move, and Black to win. Solution: We have often seen this position Riven up as a draw by reputed good players, and attidents, therefore, must not hold it too lightly. There should be no difficulty in forcing the white kings into the position given above, the placing of the Black kings on 21 ar.d 22 being of first import- ', ace. If Black moves first, then— V-24 23-19 19-21 18-23 28-24 20 -16 '1.4-28 31-27 32-27 31-27 27-31 ~.44-20 22-18 24-28 a 23-26 24-27 44-32 27-31 27-32 30-23 31-24 Black wine (a) The key more. If white moves first. then 31-27 19-16 26-31 32-28 b 31-26 26-19 • -18 31-26 16-23 19-23 23-24 24-15 ci -31 23-19 Black wins. Variation (b) • 23-19 32-27 21-17 27-23 23 -28 27-31 24-23 c 32-27 20-16 32-27 41-27 19-24 27-32 27-32 Bla2k wins. (e) If 31-27, than 22-26, 30-23, 28-24. Blhck wins. -" Manchester Times." , 7 The small diagram will Uzu,' 4. enable our readers to ergs understand the notation by -13 which the moves of the ,6 game are recorded. Black . " MI • 14 upies the squares num- a,;.lo 0 bered Ito 12 and white • -Wilidr,7 those numbered 21 to 32. re 're 7he figures thus (11-15) indicate that a move is cilE3,, ED:,,,Ezr,, megteresfsroomnumabnedrermatch: ,E 3 , ',”kiiiri; ~ - has the opening move and , the pairs of figures apply sa. alternately to Black and White to the close.

. SOFT VAITE ..., .-... ..„:!.... , J. , ~.,.:,......... ......:,..., ......... .-_-_.„-,.- ANDS .............: * 4 . ..,..........,..,,,,,,e,,,..... . • - --- ' iN Otip t '• i* -40W-7...'....... . • ' ' .c„,•,, .1' .4%. ' ItY i ~ OA ' it . • Soak the hands thoroughly, on retiring, in ROT lathe Of CuncußA SOAP. Dry and anoint freely with C lITIC URA Ointment. Wear old gloves during night For sore hands, itching, burning palms and painful linger ends, this one night treatment is wonderful. Sold throughout the world. Foreign depots: F. Nrwneur 8 SoNs,_ London; L. MIDY, Paris; R. Towxs & CO.. S y MIST ; POT TER Dice AND Clißli. COUP., Sole Props., BoeWn, U. a. A.

partmentot Sr eurnicribeb 30oust0. Mlob, [Chatsworth- ORECAMBE. W.E. -Miss SICATaiLts, road. Apartments ; pias,„ ; bath. BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. LEAH, Albert-road. 3min. from Central Station and 'sea ; public or private; pianos. v. 15

CIOLWYN 13AY.—Superior APARTMENTS. near Pronne- V made, borne comforts, well recom.—lVY De, lisvf son- roaa—Mrs Dl:re-JEERS:

DLACKPOOL.—APA.RTMENTS, three minutes from Cen- tral Station.—Mrs. TAYLOR, Kirk View, Bethesda-road, off Central-drive.

COLWYN BAY.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS : metal conveniences; toyms moderate.—Mrs. 7exEB. lielig, Erskine-road.

BLACKPOOL.—Itas. WORTHINGTON, laT, Lythrm-road, Apartments ; ls• per day each perm. Trams pass door, near sea. Piano.

MILACKPOOL, Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey Haase, 85, Lord-street, 1) North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea (late of Zewsey-road, Warrington).

MORECAMBH.—Comfortable APARtMENTS near L & N-W station ; with or without board.—Miss BLUM- BEAW. 44.Konsington-road.

B LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMILITS near Prow; nade. piano. b ttb, terms • mederate.—Mrs. PimLEY, 31, Woodflekt,road, South Shore.

BLACEPOOL.—PIeasant APARTMENTS; bath, piano cycle house; near staticn and sea.—Mrs. J. TAYI.O R 51, Wiihnoll-road, South Shore.

DOLGELLY,—Superior APARTMENTS, dining, drawing, and six bedrooms, bathroom, etc.—Apply Mrs. MANDEL Springfield Villa, Springfield-street.

ANNES-ON-SHA,—APARTMENTS : Mrs. DucK- J WORTH, Grasmere House. St. Albans-road; public or private; bath ; piano; terms moderate.

HYL.—Well-furnished•apartments ajoining church ; near :.f..kJ sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own rounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHEPHERD, Glanmorfa.

BLACKPOOL.-Try MRS. GERMAN (from Okiham), 92. Central Drive, for comfortable APARTMENTS (public or private). Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

BLACKPOOL. MRS /CYRIL Malvern Honse, 20, Lonsdale- roae, South Shore. Public and private APARTM BNTS one minute from sea ; bath, piano. Highly recommended ; beds ls each person.

BLACKPOOL.—Splendid Company HOUSB ; sea view from four sitting-rooms ; full at present ; must be sold; ingoing about £3SO.—DICKINSON AND PIAILEY, 11, Coronation-street. Blackpool.

TSLB OF MAN.— TO LET furnished.weekly or permanent 1. sitting-room and.one or more bedrooms, also comfortable Apartments board or otherwise, terms strictly moderate.— Apply Mrs. BRIDSON, 35, Derby-road, Douglas.

AKB DISTRICT APARTMENTS, large sitting and bed- JU rooms well furnished ; open view; every convenience; good looking; terms moderate. Special terms for winter months.—Apply Mrs. bnuNsilut, Exeter House, 44, Bleneathra-street, Keswick.

flotels, fpr.frool 36oartung 05tabs „ LLANDUDNO.—Faeing the sea. Brig-y-Don Bording- house; Gloddaeth-creicent. Beautiful position. For terms apply to Mr. MORRIS BASNETT.

TLFRACOMBE—THE GRANVILLE. First class BOARD- ING-HousE Close to Sea.—Comfort. sociability, good cooking. Biiiou Guide gratis.—W. R. FosTER

TSLE OF MAN, CHALMER'Ef York House, Castle Terrace _l_ Central Promenade, Douglas, Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full hoard bs. 6d. and 6s. 6d. per day ;no extras.

DOUGL&S.—FORT ANNB HOTBL.—Overlooking the Bay and Piers. Finest position in the island ;70 bed- rooms, private sitting-rooms; billiards ; good cuisine ; terms from 7s 6d per day ; porter meets boats.—elDOßGE ATKINSON. Proprietor.

LOISDUIN. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SQUARS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co, Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. drunmer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; line Sea View. new Parks, Pier, and Trams, Terms from Is 6d per day, including Turkish, Russiau and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOWOOCK. Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

PHNKETW—Cottagei 4e. Od., 3s. 6d. and 26. Bd. per week DALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent £lO. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. 17, GEE STREET. rent 58 per week. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW. rent 7s. 16. WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. Apply ROBERT LowE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was. rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.— 61,PRIF.STLF.r-Es rREET,WARRINGTON,goOcI Corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

rro LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE, rents 4s. Apply, _I, WOODS & SON. solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton.

TO LET.—LARGE ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O 1 Apply Woo us & SON, Solizitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. SHOP TO LET.—Good position, main thoroughfare ; suit any light trade; rent £l6.—Apply 49, Hicirt-sTREsT, Golborne.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

PO LET, SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-et., I rent £l3.—Apply WOODS & Sort, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

HOUSE TO LET, Padgate-lane, 2 Lobbied Sitting Rooms, 3 Bedrooms, Bath, 8s Clear.—Titosfes HARD- ING, Orford-road. Padgate.

10 LET, No. 10, Hanover-street, 2 entertaining rooms, _L Kitchen. Scullery and good sized bedrooms, Bath, wc . Hot and Cold Water throughout, 2 minutes walk from Market Gate. Rent £23,—Apply Mrs. CaomeToN, Market Place, or Mr. HowARD, Estate Agent, Kendrick-street, War- rington,

rrEIE MISSES RIMMER Sen, Hon. Cert., R.A.M. SCHOOL will RH-OPEN (D.V.) SEPTEMBER 13th—Fees, etc., on application.—At Home after Septem- leer sth.

A RNOLD HOUSE SCHOOL, POLSLTON-LE-FYLDE, n ar Blackpool. Boys receive a good education with comfortable home. Next Term begins SRPr. 14TH,Principal. R. TOWNSEND (Royal University, Ireland).

A I ISS FLORENCE TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbach 1/1 of the Leipzig Conservatorium), receives and visits pupils for PIANOFORTE LESSONS. Recommended by H. STENDSER-WELSING, Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY and others.— Address 16, MASEUM-STREFT. Warrington.

M. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VICT., (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), ARCHIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc.. at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, UGH-STREET, Warrington.

II ANC:HESTER GRAMMAR SCLiuuL. 1.11. FEB £4 4s. PER TERM. The NEXT ITRRM begins TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, bEPT. 16th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of ApplicAtion, &e.., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

_ WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCEIOU L. The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN On TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12Tn. The HEADMASTER WILL )3E AT HOME to Interview Parents On SATURDAY, SEPT. 9TH & MONDAY, SEPr. 11TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY & CLASS-ROOM. PROSPECTUS, &C. ON APPLICATION.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE I§,<F.-ENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. (Nike ,and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. W ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. 'Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Purri2ture, &a., warehoused.

GOOD SADDLER'S SHOP; 24 years' standing, on Sitio ; well established—Apply 134, OLDHAM-ROAD, Man- chester.

CHIP POTATO and Cool. Shop Fittings, every 'variety. Champion Ranges ad Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free.—MAanorr. Lever-et., Manchester.

triOLDEN Wyandottes. Pullets and Cockrels from k)i Heath's eggs (15s. sittings), noted prize winning strain Zs 6d to lOs 6d. y ANGSHAN Cockrels, sires from Wallis and Davies, .1.4 direct 5s 6d to 10s 6d. WHITE Lee,horns. Pultea and Cockrels from Simon 14=tei's selected eggs ; unsurpassed for laying, 5s te ls 6d. All hatched February, March, April. A LSO.one and two year old hens Minercas, Leglsorns. Langshans, best possible strains at 3s 6d.—Rev. JONES, Bodavien.Penmaenmawr, North Wales.

ate bVrtbate Ereatp.

G-• H. k. H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, TARRINGTON, DARLOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Gents and Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well ,C 6 made. • Our Price S. D.

HANDSOME SIDEBOARD. very Payments taken. massive, with plate glass back and shelves; six large drawers. 15s. Very cheap.

PRLOUR SUIT'S, comprising Payments taken. Lady's and Gent's Rasp Chair and four small chairs and couch in red plush, hard wood frames. Very t 6 S. cheap.

1 ARGE Stock of Kitchen Tables, Payments taken. ..LJ Chairs, Fenders. Fire Irons, Hearth Rugs, Pictures, Vases, &c. Very cheap.

IJANWOME pair of Bedroom Payments taken- TABLES, with bevelled plate glass back and marble slab, in solid ash. Very cheap. g 6 6s.

A LARGE stock of OVER- Payments taken. XI MANTLES, bevelled plate, with shelves, from 17s 6d to 70s. Wool beds from 7s 6d to 21s.

LARGE Stock of Men's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing. Mena' Coats from 2s 61 ; Men's Trousers front is lid ; Men's Vests from Is 36 ; Youths' Coat from 2s; Youths' Trousers from is 6d; Youths' Vests from 9d. Men's and youths' Cord Trousers from 3s lid.

(AN SALE. Smart Roan COB. about 14 hands high, 5 years old.—B• V. HEATON, Spring Bank, Pemberton, Wigan. ri IHE HOUSEWIFE'S FRIEND. A complete guide to brew ing. fining, &e.. of strong and middle Ales, Porte r Bitter Beer, &a. Also recipes cm Wines, Cordials, Jellies, and others too numerous to mention. Price Is Id. Should be in the hands of every housewife. riisvELvE SELECTED TOILET RECIPES for Pomades, 1 Cold Cream, Lipsal7e, Hair Dyes, Complexion Powders, Depilatories &c. Price is Id. -- BURNEY'S BOOK OF 100 TRADE SECRETS. A sure living guaranteed to every enterprising man or woman. Worth pounds. Price Is Id. VOTE.—A free gift worth 5s alone given to every pur- chaser of any of the above (as an advertisement for this month only). Descriptive Catalogues Free. BURNEY AND COMPANY, Station-street, Huddersfield.

CRCIL COMPANY'S FREE CYCL SOIL EME.—A 6s E coupon FREE and 5s cash to any competing.-203, Oxford-street, Manchester.

A LOVELY SET of BABY'S LON9CLOTHES, beautifully 11 embroidered; unused ;5) articles ,25e ; approyal.—Mrs MAX, The Chase. Nottingham.

SELF RAiSING FLOUR, how to make. with 11 other valuable trade and other receines, post free is. B. PARKER, Rose Villa, Mildenhall, Suffolk.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS AND BA.NDAGES.—Why pay Li three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.--SMITH & SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

OUSTACHIOS. —Moustachios produced on the smoothest I.U. face by using "Moustachlne." Sent free from observa- tion for is; large bottles, 2s 6d ; 3s 6d.—A. DOUGLAS, 76, Parsons Green-lane, Fulham, London.

AHANDSOME ENGLISH CHINA, complete treasure o 40 pieces absolutely free in return for a few hours pleasant work.—Write for particulars of this genuine offer, The NEW GRANTILLE POTTLRY Co., Jervis-street, Hanley.

TOUR PHOTOGRAPH ENLARGED from your own 1 Calqinet or Carte de Visite and framed in dark polished If solid oak with gilt slip 20 by 15§ inches for 10s 6d each.— S. TIMPESLEY, 166, Radnor-street, Hulme, Manchester.

TO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool. _ PURE COD LIVEIt OIL, direct from the Manufacturer. Warranted pure. In bottles, containing pint and half, 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for large quantities.— R. Com:mu:GE, Fish docks, Grimsby. Established 1884. IVE FlSH.—Sample Basses, containing 7lbs. assorted. _LA ready dressed for cooking, sent on receipt of P.O. for Is. 6d.—PERSEVERANCE FISHING Co.. Grimsby Docks.

T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a 1 Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOODS, ?fumed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 6ft. by 3ft. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. 4Y 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof' Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight, 71t, by 6ft 2 6 Waterproof Horses Loin Cloths, 46m. by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletholes, 46in. by 421 n 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets. lift, by bit 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Sureineles with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, 11. per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, frornlll. J. GABSON, Government Contractor, Rye. _ . EADE'S PILLS. EADE'I3 pILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism liould immediately L'AD'S rim. have recourse to RADII'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S FILLS, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to L I ADES pILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EIADE'S pILLS. worst eases. These Pills are purely ,1-2/ vegetable and perfectly safe In their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury-- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HE U H A TI SM "D.er Sir,—lt is with unt#ounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course 1 OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated k3r roe down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMAT IS Bi Taltatetra n wastcl spring had another tnot..yhear ac persuaded GOUT friend to try yeurPills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented R HEU NI AT IS LI mebewinifenlarhauvpe nariinl.he lEeavestr GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pill, and I have been all right again RHE UMATI S.M directly. I WOULD NOT 81.. WITHOUT GO UT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased 4. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write It me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. nat. and 2e. 9d or sent poet free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GosWELL-ROAD. E.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain EADE'S GOUT AND zIHEU MATZO PILLS. EADE Ei PILLS

iliarbiacrp, etc. T OFFIO MANCLIHSTTAN., ESTABLISHED IN 1835. laessr HEORGE LAVIRi, & SON have ha'). moi,e itatt 4c years' personal experience in connection with this ment, and possess practicalkinowledgeof the cottrx,,roon„e„, andiron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, r.,,te, Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Lawoni. price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.H., SON. 111.5. A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARR, MAN,OHISTBR. AGRNTS WANTED to Trash firet-cass MACHINERY OILS. Liberal comanission.--Boi 31, Pos'.. Office, Liverpool.

TO ADVANCE; ON MORTGAGES, REVEI---ZSIONS, LEGACIES &c. In- terest from ZU--, per cent.. CHIEF RE TS FOR SALE.—J. Einowx. 50e, Lord-street, I iverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. No. 7486 ,t 150,000 Mortgagetfrom 4 pepreceongti.ttoofbi;eAeddysainncesidimons to suit borrowers,in any par tilt' coupnt'rv,—J. W. READACR, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182, WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES tO PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAAIBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES• WARRINGTON at m j Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS ,t 5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSRHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ „ £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £3O „ 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or fines charged. hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. S ,turday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STRIDiT, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 33 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SA.LE PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUS FS, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FERE OF CHARGE, on applica- tion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES ! ! NO CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money to respectable applicants (male or fent ale) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SEOIIIIOY. PRO3IPTITIME, EA:..IY REPAYMENTS, MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to five ; eveninva seven to nine ; Satur- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JO. DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941,

CONTINUED GREAT PROSPERITY OF pITT•6'S LONDON ROAD, MAN C [JESTER. Just past Station Through Railway Arch. prrrs's STILL PURSUE THE PATH OF PRO- GRESS, their Turnover for the last three months ex- ceeding that of the same period last year by over £2,000, and and that of 1897 by over £l,OOO. Evidently the Public fully appreciate the extraordin try efforts put forth by PITTS'S, whose sole desire is to offer Goods of undonbted excellence and reliability at lowest possible prices. PITTS'S ARE FURNISHING EXPERTS, having 1_ devoted a lifetime to mastering the multitudinous intricacies of the Cabinetmakers and Upholatere-s' Arts. What PITTS'S may not know about Furnishing is not worth learning, Verily PITTS'S have been " through the mill," both figuratively and literally, and so obtained the essential experience which only actual participation in the practical working can give. Anything—no matter what—in the shape of Furnishing comes within the scope of PITTS'S, be it a large mansion that requires equipping throughout in the most luxurious manner with the costliest materials and finest workmanship, or a humble cottage needs furnishing, they are equally simple to PITTS'S. DITTS'S INSTITUTED ECONOMICAL FURNISH- ING. Before the advent of this rencraned firm more than half a century ago, it was utterly impossisle to pur- chase anything like a decent house of furniture for leas than two or three hundred pounds. But now, thanks to PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 14, 221, 28k, 34, 50, 75, and 100 guineas, a very good show can be made, and a comfortable and tasteful home obtained for a comparative trifle. Year in year out Pirrs's have adver- tised these Houses of Furniture as the VERY BEST VALUE OBTAINABLE, so that at present, within fifty miles of Manchester, there is hardly a town or village that does not contain thsm. DITTS'S MAKE A POINT OF ALWAYS OFFER- ING only such goods as can be depended tspon. Articles that will be a credit not only to their possessor, but also to the firm that supplied them. Whether an order be great or small the utmost care and attention is bestowed upon it, consequently one customer after another is pleased and satisfied, and reeommends PITTS'S with the inevitable result that PITTs'S Trade grows greater and greater. pITTS'S ARE DISTINGUISHED BY THE 1 VIGOUR and boldness of initiative—no enterprise being too great for them—the unvarying quality and dura- bility of their wares and the thorough soundness of their business methods. These combined have enabled PITTS'S to brush aside all feeble and ineff sctual attemp s at com- petition. And now PITTS'S stand in a position by them- selves, and are justly entitled to be proclaimed by Press and Public, the Largest. Best and Cheapest General Furnishers. Pirrs's HAVE GAINED THE PROUD POSITION they occupy by dint of undeviating atten- tion to the minutest details. From day to day during the last fifty four years Furnishing problems have been con- stantly arising. These PITTS'S have solved, and this accumulated experience PITTS'S freely offer for the benefit of their numerous customers. Then why not share in it by giving PIT .126'S your order instead of placing it in the hands Jf incompetents, who will only make a " mull "of it, whilst charging double PITTS'S price. PITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, is universally recognised as the handsomest and most comprehensive extant. It contains 700 extremely artistic designs. each article being priced, and shows clearly. HOW TO SAVE FIFTY PER CENT. Forwarded post free. Cash Prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrang- meta. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS, CARPETS, PIANOS, CYCLES, Bassinettes, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen- ware.—Magnificent selection. Guarhnteed great saving. PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- TURE.—Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices. SAM UEL PI TTS, Established 1845 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cass pass the door.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THE R APION . popularThisuccersesmf successful y as la n d highly em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan, Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings 01 the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, 110LFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.C.

TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, chespe3t, and best cover in the market, I3s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

AUTUMN SALE. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. If you wish to buy a High-grade CYCLE at the price of the so-called Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, AND WE WILL SURPRISE YOU. HITCHINGS, 74, BOLD-bTREET, LIVERPOOL. ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, & CO., LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE nut PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, 311 required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTE PRICE, including tool bag, tools, pump, Bcc., complete, TEN POUNDS- L 7 12s. 6D. Our No. 2 CYCLE, Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve mouths; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. -- STUART. WILLIAMS' AND CO. 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Emu'. 1892. Plating, Enamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. When your are placing your order for a B.S.A. Cycle be sure and ask the agent for a specification of tbe machine, and then compare with ours. You will find that ninety-nine times out of a hundred the specification is not up to our stsndard. Fittings.—Genuine 1899 B.S.A. Frame Tabing.—Double-but'ed, not common German. Wh3els.—Built with double-butted spokes, not the ordinary common. Chain.—Half-inch pitch, not the ordinary block. Tyres.—Palmer or Dunlop, on hollow rims ; knot on solid ; as many of our rivals fit. We also fit your own height of gear, and your own pattern of handle-bar. The enamelling is without the least doubt second to none, whi'l the plating is the very first qu dity. nice of above machines is £lO 10s. net. Call and see for yourselv, 1. We are glad to show you, and are certain you will be pleased. WE HAVE CYCLES FROM £7 105. MANAGER, D. DALGLEISH.

CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCLUDING : Royal Enfield, Budge-Whitworth, Eiswick, New Howe, Beestoa and Coventry Humbers, ()moods, Swifts. Waverley Lc., &a, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards. Easy terms of payment, from 10s. per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILLIAM. LEA, " LIVER " CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CLEARANCE CYCLE SALE. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES TO SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, PREVIOUS TO REMOVING- TO NEW PREMISES. Call and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. Agents for OSMOND, SINGER, RALEIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS, ASCOT, SANSPAREIL, CLEVIELANDS. GROSVENORS, RAMBLERS, LEANDERS, CAMPIONS, and HARDIE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BEING OFFERED.: AR IE 'll D , 16 BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

CYCLISTS! NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR NIACHINES ENAMELLED, PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT TAKE THEM AT ONCE TO FRANK HOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER, WARGRAVE ROAD, EARLESTOWN

Telephone No, 7056, Telephone No. 7056 AEOLUS CYCLES. Before purchasing your Cycles, you will do well to inspect these FAMOUS MAnHINES which are unequalled in QUALITY and FINISH. Guaranteed Best English Manufacture Special Road Racer, £l2 10s. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. The Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearings as applied to Cycles throughout the World. WORKS: SLIMMER-LANE, BIRMINGHAM.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. • SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C., CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 23. 6i). PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, souTarala

THE EXA MIN E AUGUST 18th 1899.

tf` YOU WAtitrr TO GET witu. TAKE WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE. THE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases, Inflammation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheurna.tism & Gout. " WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PROF. DE- R. A. GUNN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REV. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RIIEUMA.TIC GOUT for twenty-three years."-- MAJOR MCMtialtAY, Armagh. " %VARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SQUIRRELI„ Rugby. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by c Is and Dealers.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOOPING COUGH cure without Internet medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUG H 4S. per bo tt le. Sole W holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HER EMBROCATION.

' nterests of the Board if they adopted the amendment. Inasmuch as the specifications of Mr. Owen would be identical arid might 4iffer from the specification drawn up by any of the firms he did not see that they would be placed at any disadvantage in tendering again P° Tiding that all tenders now in potsz.ssion of the Board were impounded. The Rev. T. R. MATTHEWS ; May we ask for the sup- pression by the press of the prices air ady named ? Mr. KNOWLES : N) ; it was publicly spoken. and I hope the press will publish it. Mr. CLARKE ; It would be unfair to the local firms. The CHAIRMAN thought the matter might be left to the discretion of the reporters. He did not think there would be any unfairness in publishing the figures, seeing that it was pointed out that the three other tenders did not comply with the conditions. Mr. PILLING : They had not st;ifilient time. The amendment of Mr. KNOWLES was then passed.

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, M RKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. e E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. S cretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGE-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7, At MR. CRITOHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, Exactly opposite the Market.

CYCLE AGENTS. Our llustrated Trade Catalegue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittings Cups, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL RINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. Note—" Built of our well-known Doable Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come t the Fountain Head, WELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE Co; Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-STRICirI• 7,009 City Depot, 17, MANCHICSTRIi-STRNET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL_

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Bald*iess. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

THE SENSATION OF 99. FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPULAR " BEE " £3 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & TOTOR Co" lA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illuatrated Calalogue and Preasr,Opinions Post Free.____,

5.P.Q.11. S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! ! For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestio' BAIRD'S IjILIOUS AND LIVER piLL. Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in donbt take a Baird's Pin. PitICII Is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 94. d. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists.- NVAitinivarox : 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIO STREET. AND MARKET-GATE. STOCKPORT :-26. BRIDGE-STREET BR W. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREETO ECCLES :--58, CHURCH-STREKT, ST HELENS :-6, ORAISKIRK-STREET. CHF,STES :-23, EASTGATE ROW and 30, EASTatill. STREET.

RAILWAY Tf ME TABLE I POSTAL IN FORMATION AUGUST 1 FROM WARRINGTON YOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 11 35 125 .2 55. 20, 335. 7 20 lb. Sundays 10.15 a m. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Altaar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Suntiays 9,36 2 Showing the time to which a Letter can be port ed 6 85. a Stops if raw:urea, with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Birmingham (L a N.-W.) a 2 58. b 3 23, 7 10, 9,50 120, Stamp. 6 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, aMondays excepted a. m.-Newton-le-Willows Mondays only a.m.-Wigan Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 a.m.-Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore Blackburn -529 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50, 6 28, a.m.-Lymm. Thelwall. Newchurch 8 50. Sundays 843, 60. a.m -B3wsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 50.12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, gate- Stockton Heath, Stratton. Warburton, and Wools 6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 41. Sundays 8 43 3 356 0. tors Bolton-5 45, 8 ; 5,9 19,10 40,12 14.12 25, 332. Sundays 6-15 a.m.-For Town Delivery and Latchford 843 a.m.,5 15.8 28, p.m. criaturday excepted. 9-0 a.m.- Manchester, Bolton, Ohlham, Macclesfield, Stock - Carlisle-2 37 a m. 529,5 45.9 5611 50. 12 25,1 55, 6 28. Sun- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and days 2 37, 335. 8.13. Lancashire. Chester-7 10, 8 28, 9 50. 10.20 a 2 58, 25, 7,20 11,34 12,0 9-30 a m.-London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Sundays 2 58, 10 15, 4, 5 aMondays exclateci. Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helene Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7. 2 35.3 40. 5 15, 9-45 a.m.-Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Ma Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10. 9 50, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 10-10 a.m.-Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and 6 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5,11 35.aMond ays Ireland. excepted. bMondays only. 11-10 a.m.-Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Scotland, Liverpool, Prescct, Southport, Birkenheaa, Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55,12 20, 12 65, 4 7 Yorkshire I 0. 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 P.m 11-30 a.m.-Manchester, South-East Laacashire, South Foarlestom n-5 45, 7 5,8 6,8 25.9 25, 10 13,10 20, 11,0 127 12. Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, ' 25 1 55, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5.15 5,20 6,33, 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,58 10,30 Nor' humberland, and Town Delivery Sundays, 740 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. 11-30 a.m.-London. S.-13a,tern. Midland and Southern Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 155 Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and 3,20 5 20, 6 17, 80. 948. Sund sys 3 48, 240. 80. Foreign Frodsbam-7 37, 95 10 23. 12 25, 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 1-25 p.m.-Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. North Wales, London and South . G-arston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 1-40 p.m.-Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bsth, Bristol ~ 18. 2 15, 4 0 75.80. 69 40, dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester t 90. 955. 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 5 East Lancashire, and Scotland bSaturdays excepted. 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wzgan Glasgow-2 37, 5 29, 9 11 50, 12 25. 1 55, 6 50. Sun' Bolton days 2 37, a.m. 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton I Golbome-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 1 55, 3 50. 5 20, 7 17, 2-30 p.m,- Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, I 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Nantwich and Sandba,ch I Hough Green-7 12, 757. 831, 95. a 9 30, 120, 18, 215, 2-45 p.m.-Frodsham, Frodsharn Bridge. Helsby,Widnes, I 40, 60. 75. 80, 69 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newcburch, Newton-le- t 1 125,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Willows, Manchester Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 3 0 p.m.-Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate , , Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15. 5 15. 7 18, 9 35. and Bewsey • .. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90 ] 3-15 p.m.-Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 4 9 58, 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 3 38, 4 11.5 13, 6 13. 78, a 7 45 3-45 p.m.-St. Helens 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. 4-0 p.m.-Manchester Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, a 532. 75,8 5, 8 35- 5 p.m.-Liverpool and Chester ' 9 25, 11 0, 127. 1225, 5.15 5 20. 78, 740, 1030. Sunday 5-45 p.m.-Manchester. Peterborough, East ;Lincolnshire, r 35, 5 10, 5 30, 8 35, 843. 3 28, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- , Level Platform. aMondays excepted. land Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38. 815, 10 5 5-45 p.m.-Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 1153, 1 55. 3 20,5 10, 6 17,8 0, 9 1-3. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 8-15 pass.- Towa Delivery Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 24. 9-30 p.m.-Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, i 120. 1 3, 1 8,2 15, 3 37. 4 0. 5 55. 7 5, 8 0, 69 a4O 10 25 11 15 Orskirk. Isle ot Man, and Scotland 1139, Sundays 93, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10,9 18 10 18,10 4,3 10-30 p.m-Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra uSaturdays only. bexcepi laturdays. Halfpenny Stamp 4 London kL. &N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0, 2 5 11-15 p.m.-London, Midlands, South Eastern and South 520. 622, 11 34. Sundays 258, 10 15, 45, 11 35,6310ndays Counties, and Foreign excepted. aMondays only. 'Jotters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3 London (Midland)-5 5, 8 46, 9 58. 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the Sundays 11 35 a.m., 5 15 p.m. 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. i Lymm-6 20. 7 22,8 0,8 35. 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14,2 43 ~. 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 812. aSaturdays only EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON . Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30.8 57.9 55, 10 46, , 1 11.2 38 3 35. 4 9,6 10, 7 5,9 25.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, HEAD OFFICE ... ... ... ... High-st., Newton • 11 40. From High Level Platform. PosTmasrEn .. . ... Mr.Jaines Jordan • k, Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 620 Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. 7 22,8 0, 835. 90, 9 58. 1049, 1 14. 2 41,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 Atte lace. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. t 27. Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12. From Arpley Station. the Telearaph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to , Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 81. a ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Y 10 55 11 6, 11 23,11 5a,12 55, 155, 255. 3 55. 4 55, 5 55. 655 Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 7 le. 7 55, 8 13, 855, 9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 PARCEL PosT.-Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. i 30, 3 15,5 15,7 18,8 55 92510 0. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. , Middlewich-7 40, 10 20. 2 556, 5 356.7 20.63aturdays only LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.rn..12-30, and 3-30 p.m Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35.7 20. Sundays 10 15 ' a.m. LIST OF DESPATCHES Newton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 40 9 20, 9 50, 10 30. SundaysB 43, a.m 6 0,9 Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin- -54. . Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 43,10 23, 11,6 12 012 20,1 44,2 40 ary Postage, and with an,extra halfpenny stamp. . 355.528,7 10,8 12.9 15. Sundays 8 56.10 14, 3 47, 5 15.9 35 - MAILS. 1 Extra Prestors-2 37. 529, 545, 8 35. 9 55, 11 50, 1225,1 55 350 !id. Stamp 450, 6 28, 7 17, 850, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 237, 8 43, 335 . 6 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 33.8 25,9 45, 11 53,3 55, 3 20, 5 20. 617 80. , Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 66, 95, 105, 11 5,12 0 1 8 , 2 15, 258, 40,5 29, 60, 75, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40, 610 ?5, Sundays 90, 11 25. 2 39. 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted 6Saturdays only. aMondays only. (0.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line , -8 46, 10 55, 12 56, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, St.Helens-5 32 75, 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0,11 55, 12 7, 1225, 2 35 3 40.5 20,6 33,7 8, datur ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 8 35.8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 k 319, 4 0,5 6, 6 0,7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur aye only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 43, 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50. 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756, 9 5 10 5, 11 5, 120, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,7 5, 80. 9 25, aa 40, 610 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39. 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,8 0. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 3a,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 55 3, 3 50, 4 50. 5 20. 628, 7 17,8 50,9 43,9 5 Sunday, 2 37 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54 ' TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 112, 12 0, 3 25,4 45, 720, Sundays 755, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10. 5 50, 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 0, 550 725. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 1 0 45, 6 50. 610 30.11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. blix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35. 347, 5 27,7 53 Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,8 45. 9 57, 10 35. 11 40, 1 40. 3 15, 4,27 .523, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 135 12, 7 35 Blackpool (Central) -6 5, 725,7 55, S 25. 8 55, 10 10, 10 2 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 t 0,4 58,5 5, 6 50. 8 15, 108 Sundays 7 10 1 15, 4 57,840. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40, 10 25, 12 30, 2 15,4 15, 5 10, 5 55,7 15, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 50, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 1'1,6 50,8 45, 10 10, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 4 50,6 5, 7 30, 11 5. Sundays 2 17, 935, 755, 115, Collins Green-6 39, 79. 842, 10 24,7,15 11 21. 12.38 18, 1432 10, 310, 4. 6. 5 38. 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sundays 715, 8 ICa.m. nrewe-2 1. 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 1115, 11 30, 2 25, 2; 35, 415, 545 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 65. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 'I 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 12, 935, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 6 5, all 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 3 35. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26. 10 28, 11 25, 12 43, 1 6, 112, 147, 2 13. 3 11, 3 14. 515, 542. 5 52, 6 30, 7 33, 8 8 910,920,110. Sundays 8 33. 9 52, 10 0, 3 45. 7 24. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 12 24, 29, 327, 57, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 .2, 257, 52. Frodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 56.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Ciarston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 12 0, 12 56. 2 11. 35, 4 56, 59. 5 53, 657, 124 930 Sundays 8 23. 9 10. 2 40, 3 12.4 42, 6 51. 854. Qiasgow-a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, vhion day e7oepted. brolborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 15 47. Sundays 9 40,? 5. 10 3, 1055. 1.17 1 50, 2:22 Rough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, Z 19, b 10, 523, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 18. StindaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 Sundays 10 69, 6 53, 8 40, 10 0. Latchford-8 14. 8 40, 934 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 3 0.4 22, 65 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9, 42,1127. Sundays 823 2133. 7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. NO Liverpool(viz Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 65,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 15. 1 30, 3 20, 4 25. 4 50,t. 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20. 6 30,8 40 a ilondays only. Via Widnes 520 7 10, 7 40, 833, 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 53 12 48, 1 55, 2 35, 4 40, 4 50, 5 38, 635 7 5. 80 8 40, 11 0 a Saturdays excepted Sundays 81. t. 9 0 2 30, 2 50, 4 20. 630 8 33, London (L L. NW) -10 0, 12 0, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15, 4 15, 530 Sundays 100, 12 0, 1 0, 5 30, 100, 10 12. London (Midland)-5 15, 90 10 5,12 0,40 0, 5 ,a 9 15, 120, Sun, aye 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 92z 9 54, 11 9, 1 il, a 137, 25, 253. 414,65 33,5 L 9,6 41 7 41,8 58 J 33, 11 19. Sundays ES 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.- Vir .)- 7 28. 7 55, 928, 10 38, 12 38' 25, 3 43,a5 8,523, 6 8. 7 L.,, 90, 13 53. Sunitys. 7 341 44,634 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (London-road)-7 25 7 5), 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2 C, 3 40, b 5 5,5 30, 6 5, 7 5. 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2,0 1 40, 630 &Saturdays excepted. c:iaturdaya only. Manchester (I.l3esure Lines)-6 45, 7 '3O, 8 33, a 9 5, 930 9 35.10 30, 10 35, 11 39, 1230,12 45. 1 3). 2 30, 30, 4 30,4 4 48 5 30,6 3u,6 38,7;30, 8 30, 833, 0 to. Li 0, al° 30, 11 0. Sun days 8 30,9,10. 9.25 9 34. lo,ao. 1 d. 2 0a 5, 35, 1 20, 9 40. Saturdays.only, Middlewich-6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 56.9 6, 11 14,12 14,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 58 laewton-6 47. 7 25. 8 42, 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, 1 55, .234 58, 5 49, 6 27,7 30, 80, 910, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 11 6, Sundays 8 3), 9 18, 9 57, Padgate 7 48, 8 26, 9 0,10 6 19, 2 10, 3 12, 5 18 7 3,9 19. Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. , Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,a6 25. 8 15, 95, 9 3010, 10,11 28, 12 15 ...' 20 3 0, 3 55, 4 25,5 38, 6 40, 6 45,7 27,8 30, 9 45. 11 0. Sundays 4 9 4 5,8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. aMondays excepted. Runcorn 839, 9 19 10 15, 12 30, 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 ao, 8 10. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, „ ~,4(), 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 3 40, 5 7, 928. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. , Lt Helens-6 20,6 55, 8 3, 8 28, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 12 il 20. 1 25, 2 45. 4 30, 5 50, 82 ~ Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. a ,Souttiport-8 b, 10 10,11 15,1250.2 10. 2 50, 3 55, 7 0, 8 10, ".Da 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. „ Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 930, 9 58, 11 13, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, a 18, 537 63, 645, 7 45. 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 i 19. ' 1 ,„Widnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10. 11 12, 12 25 45, 2 30, 3 25. 4 25, 5 296 12, 7 16, 7 58, 9 25 11 42, aSun al's 8 42, 3 33, 50. 9 li, 9 20. a Saturdays only , Widnes (L & N W)-7 8 56, 933 10 33, 1216, 59, 22, 2 Q 1 620' 358, 5, 0-b 5, 6 46 .11 6, Sundays 8 14, 1150, 754 .

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown , Golborne, Lovrton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington. Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Orm ski rk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S .411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... W igan. All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, RUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOERS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR :ZENEWEII, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to Its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly bestitiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d per bottle. —Aart* CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS arc warranted to curs. In eith sex, all aequired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in thc rack. Free from Mercury . Estabizsbed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Tile Lincoln and Mfdland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. Adyt FLORILINE I—FoR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prey. its tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a pec,,11,, pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's STARCH GLoes ' isuncqualled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—My wife will not finish our linen without your ' Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . if not in stock will pro- ure It. i. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

B• '§ ' ' • A' ' ' , •%..,. .-, . • ~. . ~. ~.,.., •:; :, , tiplr str- • -.., ;;;‘,4 ~.. , ~. , `'. '‘, EN•.. tI i 4. mi :i4 .4 .1 9 4,..„ t .„.; :,,„ M RINGS ~ 9 •'4., ,:* ',. v. ; Ezz .4. J-; -,. . '„,, IN ALL DESIGNS, SET WITH Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &e., of the Purest Quality At MAKER'S CASH PRiCES. Size Cards Post Free. 49..._•:--,-:,•,- • .4., ' 4h. '4lll 414 ,111,5;11.4,20,,t,44,-, ' ' !b,-10-,\,r;•••••••-cfs<."1 k ,:,,- --"---",o ..-,, '4. *., 'tatf(3o.4- 1 10, ~ ti,,-, ii . Nf•3:4-..4 4.P; Brilliant, 42/-. Pearls & Sapphires, 25/, Brilliants, -£3 3s. Pearls &Rubies, 28/- Brilliants, £lO. LARGEST STOCK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. <h, '''", r" ,-."--•`, ,)‘-,..-.' t • A '''' ' 'I -!1.0 r,r 7 " - 7,7 ir, 51, - e,....'i "':;i;,-- t. ~,-, r ~•:`-i,dp.:,-; Targpoise and Brilliant, £6. Brilliants, £O. Rubies cr.; Brilliants, BrEbants, MO. ..4.113. lik ' mr. ~•' ll's Ci 44,„ ‘. y . ~.... 4 k ii,,, / . ~, •• GOLD ; GE''-'1 JEWELLERY. _6(:., te- " ' iiineiric•-eir - - -.,._. ..ei..-- - -.- ~..,, e , i ..' . .' . ..• Irecir" Ir- ----~41-- , 4)..2 , - . • :.. f• ~., , _4. - ' . _ ___.,./.-- ..., Fine Gold Chain Bracelet. £3 3s. Gold & Pearl Lace Pin, 10/- at:4 ' LENT ON - f hi, ', *,,, • •;.r.,-,....,-,..04::-.,-....,...... *#;*4--,!-'''', ' ' ':-----• s- ', Tc`-',T-7, . - re ~.. .-4,--'' •-" '.14 - • APPROVAL. t ~, . . Fine Gold Brooch, 21/-. Fine Gold Brooch, 25/-. WATafaroaIiTWAMISSaEn/ITJIMFatEnzi rplitkiktlllpsarkillp.aeNlVlrld for P. 0.0., payable BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from £2 to £5OO. oLocE2, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, PLATE, &C., &c. Sent Post Free on application to_ J. W. BENSON, Ltd., (11i') Steam Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM ;THEIMAKER,, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROWS FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTES HAREOP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINKTTES HARROWS FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES El A R R:0 Pit 5, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WAR,RINGTOL.•

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE' 0 HLORODYNE THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CfILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever di. covered. CHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Oroup Ague. OH E LORODYN acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. (-91LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Ac. From Dr. B. J. BoULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inonr practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives; thht it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's ..lonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTlON.—Vlo6•Chillicellor 'Pr W. FACE WOOD Stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BRoWNE was, anloubtedly, the inventor of " C HLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 7intes, 13th July. 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 11(:‘,„ Zs. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words DR. J. COLLIS BROWN ES CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medici !testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS i--3. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great nssell-street. Bloomsbury. London

BOROUGiI OF .41141.,,Z.I'N'Ihipl WARRINGTON. 4!-{, 7AIRLN GTON CORPORATION CONCEN- IV MANURE. TWENTY-FIRST SEASON. General ?gent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

ALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a po' sition to SELL all the LATEST ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. . ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery :-69, Lime-street.

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY CiOODS OF ALL DEf3CRIPTiONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

c '.:'-'l:' ;',:kiii 'l'7l . ,:,14 il' 7,;:ic.,-1174, ,5,.,.14 r 1.1, 7 H .;:: 0 , .... ~,.i.,., t 2 till E ' - ,‘, 4 ' v..::i,.,,1 r, ~2-0.1 Fel t 1 4; t • -40 i C.,2 L 'LI [il Vf 1:14 x,za 1-iiJ . CURES BRONCHITIS, LISTI-E,;I7A, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds. Sore Thifoat, Quills AA. y, , CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, ege. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TBEAT3IEY.T. OF Stiff Joizats-, Spraiims, 8t1322.2L5, Scalds, arid EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. lianufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medielne Vender&

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary silous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheuma:Jc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless inz tations.

15--) )0 Nothing steadies the nerves 1 and clears the brain like a strong cup of' SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In co bottles from all Grocers. c'-' 82

, , 4.11 f C LES ..... Gentlemen ar e the very best anci 6 , POST i 1-ITagslanconnt. ROAD RACER. RlO. 16.8 Monthly. £lO 0 16 8 Monthly Write for New Season's I.lst of Juno Cye.es EIO 10 17 6 do. £l2 0 L. e.o. and Aceessmes. sont Post Free. Ll 2 12 21,, do. fils4 It FiGl/2 cg: 751 M 1, c Et r oi . rhpioll tiariny Illicit.: ii. o ITS osnutdis.:E, Ivo. a : .7.111 Type Writers. AM as. 15/9 Monthly.

THE GREAT REMEDY. RYE „GOUT pILLs FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The Excruciating P‘in is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chetrlete and Stores at la. ltd. and 28. 9d per box.

J.DEE3IS " -7€ TOOTHACHE AND • NEURALCIA CIIII,R. `IR In bottles, Is• lid., of all Chemists or Poet Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S., Lunion, Surgeon-Dentist, ' 29 S eymour-street, Liverpool.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79 _

DOUBLE YOUR 11,V.:ZmE by seffirsg EXTRA ICE .CEr.Am., Tile most profitable article on the market. If ym now sell " Ice Cream,'" our Recipe will deuble your takir.,;s. If you do not sell "Ice Cream" you miss S ;IMP very li.mc profits. A very small outlay would be required to con, men ie it; ti.i, most profit..ble business. We otter lon the vnry belt Recipe in tlm Kingdom for snaking Extra Ice Clean'. The most delicious lee imaginable. All inst untom to purchasers of I.e,t, free. For further pw.t.mlars apply to— J. MACKINTOSH. 11, lasa Tarrace. HALIFAX. (Please mention this paper.;

Mr Frank Thornely, tea basket Mr and Mrs William Tinsley, cushion The staff of Messrs Robert Davies and Co., salver, well nears, serviete rings Mr and Mrs Z ba Armitage, Tennyson's works, Mr and Mrs 1.1 W Woods, pic,q,ure Mrs 8 ylvantis Reynolds, spirit decanter Mr Wait -r Jones, spirit stand Miss Milner (Moore), silver sugar basin Miss Massey, antique silver spo,,n Mr G- E Godwin. silver brace mounts Miss Taylor, 12 d'eyleys Mr and Mrs Coghill. silver inkstand Miss Amy Whitley. Indian embroidery Dr and Mrs Browne, silver sugar sifter Mr and Mrs J D Lees, silver bon-bon dishes Mrs Lister Kaye, E. B. Browning's poems Miss Brockmsn and Miss M Brockman. hand-painted table centre Mr J Burgess, silver•mounted paper knife Mr Edward Draper, Crown Derby vase Miss Fell, work case An old friend, chafing dish Miss H Hayes, picture Miss Crostield and Miss A Crostield, silver spoons and sugar tongs Mr J Broadbent, silver buckle Miss 8 Broadbent, vases Miss Pownall, silver match and taper box Mr and Mrs C D Harvey, silver-mounted betties Mr George Crosfield and Miss Truda Crosfi hi, engraving Mr and Mrs Greener, silver-mountd liquer decanter Miss Bright and Miss N Bright, blotter Mr and Mrs Thomas Warburt:i n, butteridish

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CIIASTBIC. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly Dratted. Orders sheuld be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWToN, West Derby, Liverpool.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price ls. lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 9id. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OPTICE—NOTTINGIILM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses : 35, BRIDGE STREET,

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Can%as, Sback-oorners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &o. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &e., litted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. OHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED pEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- I/ lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS ec CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at AT BONA-FIDE I ANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRY VOLT E FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

J. MAFSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

cLI ATCIIELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. 6D. AND IOS. 6D. 48, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TIIS FAMOUS L. AND Y. TAWNY I.4AAKE TOBAGO"). THE SWEETEST ANID COOLMT 5.M.9 ON EARTH IN loz. AND 2oz. YOIT/3 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BESWICK, 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NEWS.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM £5 10 $, S. TO £lO 105., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES eorrespondinglv low. Veeders 31., Foot Pumps, as. 3d., etc., etc. ARENA CYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

F OR F IRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost Of work required. TEETH. Geld and other fillings at inoerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Exetreltiiiotrnenaes hitherto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER — 46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS ....... ..... ___GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m, EARLESTOWN....--.-- —7, BRIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREa WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN 3l, BRIDGE-STEW' THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH.- APPLE .!,.; ARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. HARDING—CLARE—August sth, at the Parish Churcb' Warrington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, Robert illreli3gt to Annie Clare. PArrEN—Yoarc—August sth at the Parish Church, rington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron,Joha Patten to York. DEATHS. DEATHS. WRIGHT—On the 23rd June last at his residence Statbal Lodge,Constable-street,Wellington,N.Z., Johnson Lightfo° Wright, aged 50 years. SWEENEY—Augu.t sth, at Longford-street, Warriagt°l3l Thomas Henry Sweeney, aged 34 years. HALLows—August 7th, at Winwiek-road, WarriOgt°°; Elizabeth Hallows, aged 76 years. racial'Foca—August Elth, at Winwiek-street, Warringtoo Thomas Lightfoot, aged 60 years. williAo/ LINGARD—August 6th. at Derby-street, Warrington, Lingard, aged 67 years. ,

Warringtou, UpoUald Acp.ef Also at MANCIIESTER-ROAD, (late E9senkrigo" S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, S:C,P ~eritg. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in "'- Marble, arid Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. „. LETTEROUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTINur MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY LT, VI • Werrington.—Printed and pub!ished by JonN Co., at The Evaminer General Printing Works, -"and aiso street, and published by them at the same Pl,'" George" at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, WiuriEs: 24; tstreet, ST. HELENS, and 3, Market-street, EARLE; .T.:`,je ihe County of Lancaster and also at High-street, Et" n the County of Chester.—AuGusT 18, 1899,
