===== 0002601_18990519_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, THE PEOPLE'S PROVIDERS,

22, BM TERM AY K ET-ST REET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ON AND AFTER THE 13TE DAY OF MAY 'BUSES will RUN from the OEN CRAL STATION,

15th May, 1899.

pTENIANG EMICRi.NTS to NEW YORK, BOS TON, PRILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JA PA.N. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND aLoIII., tab e tieketa at theLOWEST RATES at OHN WALLEIt AND k)O.,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LIN E ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS.

RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL.

8.8. NUMIDIA.NI for Quebe3 and Montreal May 25th 8,8. CALIFORNIAN tor Qu«hec and Montreal June let e.g. SIB BRIAN, for Sr. John's N.F. and frialtfax June 3rd B.s. GALLIA, for Quebec and Montreal June Bth Saloon Fares from 210. 2nd Cabin £l, steerage ES Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS PG 00., 19, James- St., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-.t., Warrin gto

===== 0002601_18990519_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
.4, lin _ 01111 • ' I . "".......... ......ft., 40 ..., . CT . , - . , . 4 1-4,' ': .4. '' po .q. 1Y . • 3 + (I j ..., .4... '-' ' ' 4 . '':-..., ~ . • —. . • L.- '. 1 1.1 . 111 1 r g: ~p -..1":-. I-1,1: : 1,,:: i'. '\ „ .110., ', 1-1 'Nii.....4e,....;",:( sz,"'.., 4. ‘ (: ;, _:.,..' . .....,:.. LA111:11.11Kt7.: '.1,t1;, , 4:,-.&.. .4.i „ , . - . .., i., • • . , (... .. -

FIRIEIK`K, MAY 19, 1899.

THE BELFAST HOUSE.

OH N WILSON Bc_ SON, (BELFAST)_ LIMITED

BEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WARRHOUSB

761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS. PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO G-ENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIEs' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE lt! ANUFAITCRERS' PRICES

BY OST IS. 734 d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum is gd. per Quarter credi

===== 0002601_18990519_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1049.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

SINCLAIR'S

HEART

' TONIC

PILLS.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT REMEDY

for All forms of HEART DISEASE. PALPITATION. WEAKNESS, Write for pamphlet.

Price le, I§d, 2e. 94. and 4. 6d.

post free,

HENRY SINCLAIR, 17, SHAFTESBURY AVENUE, LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL ARE INVITED

to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUT. LADIES' 'A'ROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY.

JOHN WILSON & 00N, (BELFAST), LTD

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILLE FACTORY. BALLYMERE. -HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES,

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THIJI bifORTEsT BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH j. G REENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIE FOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, Slc., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169. BRANCH OFFICE : 24, HORSE \ 1 ARKET-Slk OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES REATH6IDE, WARRINGTON.

A LITTLE MONEY GOES A LONG WAY

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACETO BUY FISHING TACKLB.-1,13 Worms in Bag and Moss. sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flie), is to is 64 per dozen; gut Casts,three yards,2id, 4d, 6d, and 9d each ; aut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for id; porcupines, id each; gentler in stock at 3d, 6d. and is per box.

WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishiag Tackle Sboppe).

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNB.

THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered.

CIILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup Ague.

C41.0-tIODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CLILO RODYN E effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

CY • From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne moor practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spr.smodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling f comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, a.nd it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the 0N LY remedy of any service was CHLORO- D YIN E. "—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864.

GAM lON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- CAUTIoN.—Vica-Clutilo6llnr Slr W. PAGN WOOD stated that Or. J. CoLLis Blow-Pm WII3, anioubtedly, the inventor of and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, wa 1 herately untrue. which he regretted to say had been sw. rn ..o.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. Zis. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None Is genuine without the words " OR. J. COLLIS BROWNR'S CH LORt .I'Y "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medic 'testimony accompanies oach bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. ae.VENPORT, 33, areat Russell-street, Bloomsbury,;Lonion

===== 0002601_18990519_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AND SAVE MONEY

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH 8

HAMS, BACON, AND CHEM

HAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

FOE FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appoisitments unnecessary but may be. arranged TEETH All consultations Ere,. TEETH. Baoh pauient informed beforehand the Cost for work required.

TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the al of Nitrous Oxide,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TMTH.

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. lixors, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DErnsT BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER.- (Telephone. ;..146666)M05LEY-STREET

LIVERPOOL.--

..... .5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m to 7 p.m.

KARLESTOWN RIDGE-STREET TUESDAY,

WARRINGTON .-.- ANK EY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, 2 ;o 5.

BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH.--18, AP PL 6 NI A /LIE ET-STREET' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

-UNDER THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOB

GOOD, BOOTS,

J. GROOMS,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL WATCIIMAKER AND JEWELL=

(LATE WITH MESSRS. W. WOODS AND SON), 19, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. BEST WORICSIA.NSHIP LOWEST PRICES. PUNCTUALITY, WINDING BY CONTRACT.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., Lm SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM TER QUARRIES OF THB BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITBD. SLATE AND BUILDER.! DIKROBANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKTIRSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF:

ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office : Marson Street, Warrington

SUMMER FAMIONS. GEO. HENRY LEE &

LIMITED. BASNETT-STREET LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18990519_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF

SUMMER FASHIONS

IN PARIS MILLINERY, ROBES AND COSTUMES,

TAILOR-MADE COATS, SKIRTS, MANTLES. JACKWIS AND CAPES. LADIES' TEA GOWNS, CHILDREN'S DRESSES.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN

FANCY SILKS FOR BLOUSES,

COSTUMES, &c.

NEW BLACK SILKS IN ALL TRH BEST A'l) MOST RELIABLE MAKES.

NEW SHADES IN PLAIN COLOURS]) SILKS.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CiNBAT NOVELTIBS IN

SUMMER DRESS :VIATERIALS,

THE NEW EMBROIDERED ROBES, DRESS CLOTHS, GRENADINES, GAUZES.

GLOVES. RIBBONS, SUNSEIA.DE3, LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOES, WATERPOOFS, kg.

G. 1.1. LEE & 00, LTD., BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ALTERATION AND ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES.

CLEARANCE SALE OF PIANOS AND ORGANS.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, Are about to reconstruct their premises, and, to avoid deterioration through dust, /cc., are selling their

Srocs OF PIANOS AND 0 aGANS

At Nominal Prices to Clear.

EVERY INSTRUMENT GREATLY REDUCED IN PRIC E.

AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY TO CASH BUYERS.

During the Sale, Richmond ,Tons and Sons will pay railway fare of country purchasers.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVIRPOOL.

S.P.Q. R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! FOR ISICE HEADACHE, BILIOUSNKSS, INDIOESTION

NAUSBA, FLATULBNON. BLIND'S BILIOUS AND LIVB/L PILLS SPHEDY, SAM SBOURB RIDINDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, 11. old by BOOTS CASH CHEJIIeTS,

_ _ (Sole Local Agents). at the Re,iuced Price of 91(1.._

BOOTS. CASH CHEMI2TI (WESTERN), LTD; PRopraEroßs. BEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGISLX. JBSSIi BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses:

35, BRIDGE bIitEET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Abe at LIVERPOOL MANOiIIiiTHR, RI tt INCIRA.

74,00' , ,1 7 t *

k. ,

•-

4,1).

===== 0002601_18990519_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A. VISIT TO VALE ROYAL.

A heavy, impenetrable mist enveloped the town the other morning and depressed the spirits of the members of the Warrington Y.M.C..A. Cycling club, who had arranged a run to Vale Royal. It was with some misgivings ae to the weather that the club set c-ff a little after the eppointed hour, but as they etruggled up the steeps ot Stretton, the clouds broke, the eta eppeared aid the mists die- rereed, revealing the great improvement that had taken place in the couutry since the previu4 run of the club along this route. The hedge-rows are in full leaf, the trees are putting forth their first sheets, the field crops are putting their beads above the ground, and house and cottage gardens are adorning themselves with their first summer beauty. What a change, too, there was in the fields. Whereas a month ego the country resounded with the sounds of industry, all was now remark- ably serene and nothing disturbed the rural quiet save the sudden light of birds, the cerolieg of larks, the weird cry of the cuckoo, and the gentle ripple of the breeze in the fast developing trees. 'The recent rains, besides benefiting the ceops, had also greatly improved the roads, and throughout the run,the surface of the various highways WWI in excellent ,condition. Consequently a somewhat faqt pace was maintained, and the running was much enjoyed. The first. dismount took piece at the " caution' beard at Acton Bridge over the Weaver, but soon the Club weae, speeding on their way amid tbe charming scenery of the Weaver Valley, along which the clear atmosphere permitted evensive vistas. Rising into Weaverham en,ther dismount -esccurred at a stiff, wirding hill, but, once at the top. the party mounted into their saddle and bounded off towares their deetination. After a good ride into -Cuddington, the Club left the Tarporley rood, and turning to the lett over Culdingtcn etationsran down a quiet country road which brought them to the uninaposiag entrance of Vale Royal. Passing through the gateway,a wonderful panorama revealed itself, and in order to enjoy to the full the treat afforded, the party ele.cted to walk across the patk. The undulating country was covered with withered bracken, amidst which eutrerous rabbits disported themselves. Deecendieg:e rather unfr— •quented road the eyelets were impressed with the beauty and solemnity of the hindecepe. Down on the right,flanked on the south by a well w ;coded plantation and by rising ground lny an extensive, leminous lake,eerhose surfece was ;lightly agitated by the gentle 'breeze. On the rigirt, in a hollow, lay a snii2ly ensconFed farmster.o,, and, con- tinuing the road, the party were delighted with an extenive rhododendron shrubbery, just ready to burst into bloom. Follov.ing the read the club found there.,elves in an avenue of trees through which they roee to the teeter gate disturb- ing b- rcdents at every step. Crossing the road and passing through a wicket gate, they proceeded along a narrow path to a. second mere of smaller dimensions then the previous one, but which pre- eented a mere peaceful and secluded aspect. Wandering alonn some of the mealy fi,eelit capitalmtlisthat intersected the 'Vele, tie member., (-A!'aril view of Ilse Hell ited its outbuild.egg, sec:love/1- tually came across the Hall carriage drive,hy wlech they left. this charming beatity epot. \iouriting their machines in the high road the party nade their way through the pretty villave of Hartford into Northwieh, where they took tea. Having refreshed themselves, they once more, and finally, took to the ,40(11,0 which was not quitted Until home wwl reached. Proceeding to Witten sta. tion the club turned to the left., end n' ter a &tiff •-climb through Losteck Gralani, sped en their way to is ere. Tee course was of a switehta.ck character but good pregress was male, though rot at the sacrifice. of the surrounding FC ry. There were plentatiots, woods, and nv,,nues galo7e, end Vie ; pestoral grounds of Tahley Park, Over. Tebley El cdl, Nero hail, and High Ugh hell, wsre much ppr e- dated. Toeing into netum the club, who had t h reue bout ti esfte,non erjol d briflear sunshine again found tiemeelves Furrouroleri by a tlUcken- in, mist end. ae regards. the ee.oeheee, tetered Warrington as they lett it. Tne homewnro journey of a ~1,0;-(irt'illar ,character, and ranch longer 51 an the outward tin', hot the. club stick to !heir work in good s•A le, the r nly lady member of the party beirg lied auet cit, cerereo tee 20 miles in an hour rand 4Om!cUlso,Wll ple.a-ed that they had rot been deterred from their enjoyment by the un promising weather at the start.

- Tri NoTHERS.—`,Its. Wint'ou'3 Socr,ing Syrup fue b.(n nseqi for vver cdtv years by milionti of mothers tor ilwir children wt.ile leelbing with petf et mere'. It will relieve He popr tufferer iFarne, lately. It is rleagsnt 4..4) tazte e It prodnees natured cp:let elect). by rel'eving the elillet I rorn pafta 'Ad the Hitt,. (t 4 ftwakt ",,ti trijlt as a Luttoa," Of all 441ellai8ts 18 id Ve; PAUL.% -Advt.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
In Camp, Club, and Cottage

Bovril is aliJe esteemed as the perfection of con- densed food, strengthening, refreshing, sustaining ; a stimulant before and a restorative after fatigue; an invaluable aid to the club chef and to the thrifty household manager; a helper to the athlete; a treat to the epicure ; a boon to the invalid. The purity and strength of Bovril have been vouched for by the most eminent scientists, and so nutritive and stimulative are its properties that it has been aptly described as "liquid Life."

Tourists, Travellers, Cyclists, and others who may be contemplating extended trips during the forthcoming holiday season should be the first to avail themselves of the strengthening and sustaining qualities of Bovril. When on a jour- ney, when yachting, mountaineering, riding, walking, cycling, Bovril will be found not only to act as a • welcome " Pick-me-up" after undue

fatigue ; but taken in the morning before starting, or between meals, it acts as a splendid stimulant and sustenant, staying hunger and maintaining the physical energies to the full.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Good Cookery

is the art of embodying in the most palatable, appet- ising, and dainty form all the nutritive properties belonging to wholesome food. With Bovril the resourceful housewife can make the most delicious, nourishing soups at the shortest notice. Entrees of every description, stews, hashes, ragouts, almis, are rendered doubly acceptable when Bovril is employed as an ingredient. Once used in the kitchen Bovril holds a permanent place 2- s a culinary necessity ; because, whilst being eminently nutri- tious and of the most delicate flavour, it is both money-saving and time-saving.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. JOSEPH ELLISON IN

AMERICA

A TESTIMONIAL.

We have received from the Rev. Joseph Ellison, youngest eon •of Councillor Lek Ellison, Latchford. a ,copy ef the testimonial presented to him on Sunday, April 30th, by the memb-rs ot the Baptist Church, Carver, Mass, where Mr. Ellison has been pastor for over four years, and has now left to continue his work in San. Francisco. Be informs us that there has been great unaminity cf feeling in Carver, on his behalf, and on Apiil 20th a giand concert was given in his honour, the procetda of which were handed over to him. The testimonial present d t) Mr. Ellison reads as follows : "To the clergymen and brethiee in California : This certifies that our t rother. the Rev. Joseph Eltison, the bearer 01 this paper, has revienecl his pastorate with us, and feels it to be his duty to continua the preaching of the gospel in the West. We therefore unite in this testimonial relative to his character, as a man and minister while without people. Upwards of four years and four months he has sustained an irreproachable character in onscammunity, and taught the Word with excellent ability, to the eeification of his church and people. The church parts with an afieble man, an ex- celeet pastor, epee who has advised with us and for us, and leaves with many regrets, yet in peace and harmony. Ile is a clean and active advo- ceie in his Master's service, is a progreFsive student, a devetcl Christian, and up to date in setting forth the tru4o; and no t.ireums'Ances, however humiliatinZ, deur him from any pa.torate duty. We cordially recom- mend him to the fellowship of any church of our faith and practise, whose wateheare he may aecepti, and earnestly pray that God's grace may be his bulwark of power in ether fields, as well as our own.—Sired) FEENEZER S. LUCAr3, JAMES A. VAUGHAN, E. ALLAN Lucce, Committee ot Church. May Ist, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOLUNTEERS AT THE PAILISH CHURCH.

In accordance with their usual cusorn of attending service previous to eke encampment, the Warringiton Voluuteers,who goiatu camp to-day for a week,sttended at the Parith Chute)) oneuneay morning, when there was a very large congregation. Tee Volunteers also assembled in geed force,,kbiut 300 plating in an app ar- ance at the Drill Hall atten o'clock. Shortly aft, rwarcls they left for church, h-aded by the relimental band. which played a verse d the Prince of Wales." "Oh Paradise" (Edward Newton), and "Marmion" (R. Smith). On returning to the Drill Hall after church the exeelleet march c, muk s,d by Mr. Walter Crompton for the corps was played ueder the conductorship of the bindmas`eze MeThornas Armstrong. The bugle band, under the directinn of Mr. Piinstrin, was also in atteno- ance. The offic is present were, Colonel Ridgway (cimmandine), Capttin and Militant Reome, Major Bechtel, Cap.:ties Bay re s,Ed, liter, Appleton. Ridgway, ane B. Feirclr.u.th ; L'eatenants 0. R. Cr tsfield, Bern- hard. Willcocks, sal Gouge ; and Querter-M er'r Cap. tam n Butchireen. S sts were reserved in the church for the efficers and the teen. Mr. W.S. W: ods wag at the organ. the accempattiments for the hymns, " ithil the day that sees Him rse," " Fieht the good fight," and " Onward, Christi,n soldiers," being supplied by Mr. Armstrong and the regimental hand. The clergy 'Pre- sent v'err' the Recl.or ('be Rw. Cat on Willis), the Revs. A. Cetneron, Arthur F. White, G. W. Dickiuson, and E. J. Ml:ceche, atl of whom tiok part in the service. The sermon was preached by tho Beeto7 from the words —" And when El- at's spoken thee thiega, while they beheld, He was takee up, and a cloud yew ietd !lire cut of tleee sight." and HIP two fellow int; versev,Ac's i. 9-11 At the re neluston of the servieo the bind plate d a save thoeQueen." tte cnngregation stand- ing while they die Po. The march to and fie m the church as v;ituts,,ed hy several theusands of people.

GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS.- BENEVOLENT ST.4-11. LODGE, No In.

The fortnightly meeting or the above Lodge was held at the White Bull kin, Horsemarket-street, Warrington, on Saturday, before a go)d muster of (officers and members. Two new members were initiated, and another proposed for the next meet- After the ,usual business had been completed a presentation was made to Bro. Malts, P.N.G., for past services rendered to the Leilge, Bro J. Apple- ton made the presentation, welch consisted of.an emble-i of the Orier, and in a brief speech said he trusted Bro. Mains would value the gilt, not for its value alone, hut for tte honour which was attached to such a presentntion. He expressed the hope that Bro. Meins might b;. spared to further the interests of Oalfellowehip for many years to come. Bro. airs suitably replied, and remarked that whit he had:done for the Lodge had been a pleasure to him, and the members rnicht reet assured that whatever lay in his yore.r to do. he would be ever ready to perform. The meeting afterwards terminated in the inns.' way.

TOBACC().NILTS Cornmer ei;g 8e IllostrAted Gukte E 9 gr*) 3d. T.tacco”ists' ufiting Co. 186. Euston-road, 1611 don, Ilalrdr tt€d aar, H: NsEpx,—A4vt.

In the May number of the Lady's Pictorial the variety of toques to be seen now is simply astonishing. There is a lovely toque of pale rose- pink satin straw with a double brim, trimmed with folds of pale pink and white chiffon twisted together. On the left aide is a beautiful ostrich tip, one half of which is pink, and the other half pale fawn-colour, and this is held by a handsome pearl pin. Resting on the hair at the left side there are clusters of Gloire de Dijon roses, and on the top there are some pink roses. Quite a captivating affair is a cream lace hat of sailor shape, with a edging of cream straw which en t'kio left side is concealed by a large white osi.rich feather starting under a paste buckle on tha krittreme edge of the brim and falling grace- fully over to the back of the crown. Another very striking hat of rush straw has the edge of the crown and brim covered with ripe oats, while 11.;:l celoureil cherry how of velvet ribbon at the side of the crown forois an excedent contrast. Or you. fairway more flowers,, there is a pretty fawn hat with the erewn eletest, hidden with shaded ieli rose, the brim softened with silk gauze and ou in tocies of pink and fawn. o:ie you might i, a white si.raw trimmed with soft puffings e.iitlon and upstanding white wings, and may ei in any colour ; the other might well be a voneeirliati of a nimhroont shape, with the on one side by rosettes of black and wijc ehitteri, which comoitie above the brim to trim the (14i/ in conjuncLion with black and white eis re;.;;arils I,looqi?.s the possibilities of black and ie we displyerl in one I have seen where etriptel narrowly with black its tern, is patterned with wee 0 11 e-ei•s ; while to border the slightly pouched !,.•r• • ,-- ert: they open vvtr a vest and neckbAnd etseet white Katie is a band of jetted outlined we I, rii!ll•no; of white chiffon. pretty (4-riot.is ;ured by a deep collar ,o(reed embroidered in an openwork aoil edged with jet and chiffon ; w oda turned over this come wired revers of the transcorenl; fabric, with a border of the pieleed ;twirls comieg the whiteness of the chiffon ruche. 17lic blaek and white combination eo particularly is9hionable this season that this Very smart garment. Nvitt not be allowed to be reserved tor half rreierning wear, though it, of crier.e, suggeets itself particularly for such mica.

r-T t tiara Iwo two not Ably ravel forms .of the oro, viiliCh 124.4 pale mauve foulard wiJ,h NYliitt) 11,),:er05 fqr its m%terial, F.l t'.:e at the .(:«1- and sides, and with longer roundeti fronts ; while it is all wit,h a hand of whito satin, erosnd by an arr.,,y of ,y.so itr'ipping of TrlatiFe silk. pl 9.6 the s'noulder, :but a kv,idth i 4 given to t,ha frure by the s:olliopAd cellar ot uioki white silk, edged with stitched KtrApp;,)44 of ricalve) Ps.Lin, and disclosing a pohved mailer 0.411.&: o foulard, with the com- bined w'..kc and maayo trimming. Add an limier-vet of white Pr.....in„ where little diamond buttone. shine out, ard a .c-..Aoade jabot Of white , chiffon and yellowish laic, and you have the blow/ rln one of its most Wauful. farms. -

Your loving Jmuitan.

BLANCHARD'S FEMALE .FEJ.;:...,--..

NEVF.:P? L.re a-Tim r,wleci god to be Vie ',lli), gpititino ,nnedc for C-rriscti,,b7 IRREOU RITIFS&OBSTRUPTPAN'" 4 51^,J They urc ciartam to cure the moat (Ate tivate cuaa,al,:l 44ring ;111 that is clacired after all else fad lA Thonsltids Ju b0xe...% le. :Lid., 2 3. ; etrol,g, 43; 0‹.1... From all Chainist3 .or sent free from olniarv.tivn by uoz L. Li;,L.A.kicliAitD, Forest itLL

In these nineteenth century-end days of ours,it is diffi- cult to realise that there scam ever a time when women who worked were looked down up tfl, yet it is not long Brace they were preached to as though they were child- ren, and ccretantly remind, dof their duties lest they should step outside the narrow,very narrow ciree known as " womi.n's sphere." Caroline Herschel's glorious work in astronomy was done amid diicuragemente, and there is something pitiful in the thought t hat ker labori- ous life was embittered by social nrpjudice. Jane Austin out of deference to the views of her rl latives, concealed her writings from the gaze of chance visitors by laying a handkerchief over the p.ges of her manuscript, and Mrs. Somerville was entr tated not to bring disgrace (2) upon her family ty persisting in her mathematical studies. Even the clergy were disquieted and she was cot demned from ttle pulpit. Women have much to be thankful for in these later years. ke-ording to an authority on the subject, good writing is bscerning more scarce year by year. The majority, of course, are rmhing for the typewriter, and tt,Oats who ircm choice or necessity use the pen, are in too much hurry to make their documsnte understand- atle. Penmanship, its ,ne of the accomplishments of a polite education went out a long while ago, mere hand- writing followed, and row that is going—indeed one might almost say gene. It is a revelation to us, writing holding such a subordinate place in cur scheme of educa- tion, to see the charm of form and ingenuity of design which brl iegect to the characters of our forefathers. The Italians of course were the stylists., being pre- eminent in this, as in the other arts. It must have been a pleat,ure to receive a letter in the old days, but folks most have had a lot of time on their hands.

We:ther permittirg, we are to have another white summer. 'The old notion that " white is so very trying to the complfxim " is quite an exploded fallacy. To gir'efand wcrcen who look well in light colours, white is usually particularly becoming. White hats are wore popular than cv( r, FO also are white sunshades, though it must he admitted that these latter are not very effec- tual. White petticoats too are enjoying a rerewal of favour, despite the sfforts of the laundress to return any entrusted t) her ministrations, in a conditiol of sParciainess, very disturbing to the set of the gown of the tri orc Out.

It is rumoured that before long we shall take pride in whit, stockings for day wear. We have already ven- tun d to wear them with white gownsond white shoes, but in rather a tentative manner. Still most of us have seen enough of them to realise that they are by no means an improvement upon the darer cues they crotkl displace being exceedingly unbecoming to the feet. Our grandmuthers thought otherwise. What a strange r; vclution it would be, if in conjunction with their white stockings we were also to adopt their square toed fist-soled sandals, with errs.; over elastics to held them on. Such drastic changes however are not in the near future.

The true lovers' Ilnet i 3 having a wide vogue just now. It adorrs the gowns, mantles, millinery, ot old end young. A portly damn of some A xty or reventv summers will have thn front of her slciit adorned with one huge "knot,"miller spt oimeus appearine here and there on the hotline. It lock-, seaicely su tible, but nothing iu that way rnattrrs now•a-days Tcanirs to the dentist, the ha'rirees-T, the toilet specialist, and the modiste, we may be yourg, and beLtiti:ul for ever, if we choose. " MADGE."

49 ar are 47 41, AI .0 47 dr al Alr 414/41.141r4Prilt fo

itjIMfIATL '1 One enjoys both the method and results k 4 when the genuine and original (k 1 CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF F!GS is taken; it is pleasant and refreshing to the v 4 taste, and acts gently yet promptly on the A A ,Kidneys, Liver, and liowe!s, cleanses the 4 system effrxtually, dispels c6lus, headaches ki and fevers, and cures habitual constipation. ti 14 CALIFORNIA SVRUP OF FIGS 16 the only % remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasirg to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, p„ prompt in its action and truly beneficial in N Nits effet.Nts; prepared only from the most ,) k healthy avd ogreeable subsimces, its many exceli ent cp;alities commend it to all and have tt t. 4 made it the most popular remedy known. 'I 6 tt,

Ash /or ka t, California Syrup of rigs, '4 \ r. and look for Cie 3,44.14 E ,and TRADE lita R 01 PIC .1 ') ,a % Crtiqorili:.?; ...r-lifr Syrup Co., N' - ' - - ' •.:.:., "-- kl /..I.4'.,iiii a10;,,e per:infers 1.1:e orz:inal ard genzzin:. 4,44 "1 Ri.,Lse all sultitut::, and imaalions. a , 0,4 Of all Clicrl-4 ~./.11 and i;g. Devnt:--z.-.2 .NOW ;-;!LT,..; I.ONE.:ON, E.G. %.>" A' ar 4- irdreg 47,t," era gYAr ,e,rei,7o,4r.roosraw.o.r.ws

samk * i ---- ---: ( . --------1, / . .....<,-:__, ---?‘„.„4„,t,-,,c-i, . lk .c-i- iv . ,) /px? ~ .., it. l / . ~,,//,,,f,„;,....e. 111114 Ili I id,- \v- ( i 1

, • - ,;i,-;;;;) \ 0,/ , / / - 4 •2 • . • , / , • .4, !ye /// , 2 d/z C. w/

.. , Ca. 1, rill 1 a h h h 4 N h N ii Ru: k r,.-11 .-`:"-T- l• 2 '1 oF N I e",11-c;:\ --‘4,,•;?.,',.L.Kr h ,),':0 1 N tiyA-T. 11), ..4 -..-• 4 ",',',,1; h % 14 _,..- h .1 § CI % N , ' •h-rid7,.‹) \ gi t:;..10., ° N-1- A ''\ 7 \A\ Ks, ‘ii, ,1 N :i I i '•, (k ~ ...;.:,;,*4)k • ~011.2 'O4 % LI/,,, /340 •',-,e, 4t) iiii t 4 —1 t: 1114 .-, 4 4

===== 0002601_18990519_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

ME DEAR NELLIE, People who are of normal proportions find no difficulty nowadays in getting smart and inexpen- sive frocks ready made, but there are many who prefer to have their dresses made to measure, and to their own design, and who find a difficulty in getting this done satisfactorily in a small torn ab a moderate expense.

Very effective is a long coat which is bnilb primarily of rich silk moird striped with pale gold satin, the whited stripe having for its further adornment a design of violets grouped in careless bunches. The edge of the coat is cut in deep points, and then comes a flounce formed of lace and pale gold ribbon, which falls over an under- frill of accordion-pleated gold silk, itself finished with a small ruche at the hem. A large vandyked collar is also edged with a flounce of lace and ribbon corresponding to that which finishes off the wrists of the prettily shaped sleeves, which, by the way, show a considerable difference in size to those worn last season. Tiny triple ruches of chiffon outline every point of the coat, while the high collar is a billowy mass of the pale gold chiffon that forms so bewitching a back- ground for a pretty face. The whole coat is lined throughout with the le shade of glac4.

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

At the last Drawing Room, which was held by Her Majesty in perssn, transparent trains were much en evidence. Those worn by esiou,antes were all billowy ma-se' of chiffon and tulle, the effect being beautiful in the extreme. These nt w trains bang quite as gracefully as the old-fashioned silk, satin. velvet, or brocade speci- mens, and the difference in weight is an item much ap- preciatsd by the wearers. A thin silver wire is inserted all round, and this is the only support deemed neces- sary. The simplicity of the eebutantes' gown, governs its cost, which rarely exceeds seventeen or eighteen guineas. And when it has served its turn it is always converted into an evening dress or ball gown. The de- butantes' Court dress is white, of course, white trim- mings, white flowers being always employed. When the gown is ordered, the next thing to do is ti learn to curt- sey, that is, if the art has not already been acquir d at school, and when both are reads', nothing rem ins but to await with what patience at cornmand—the eventful day. The Qneen was, and is,a great admirer of the masterly compositions of Mendelssobn, and most thoroughly did she enjoy the " Hymn of Praise" sung at Windsor on Friday last, by the Windsor and Eon M idrigal Society. On one occasion the Priece Cons n't recoested Mendel- ssohn to come to Windsor for the purpose of trying a sew organ at the Castle. Afterwards the prince of mtedcians timidly ventured to ask the Queen to sing. With pleafene graciousness Her Majesty consented, and played before him, and sang one of his own wonderful p'eces. Mendelssohn, it is well known, wsuld not Beast' even to gain the appreleation of Royalty, but he as charmee with the Qu eft's performance, and could not restrain himself from telling her so. Princeem Chrislan is beeinning to look somewhat weary and tired, arid little wond r, coevidr ring, the way in which she has been rushing from orse place to another to perform the divers duties she had set herself to carry out. Few women in any rai.k of life work harder than Princess Christian. Of the many associations which have been organised by her, probably the Royal British Nnrses' Association is the must far reaching. The Prin- eess is president, but that only begins her connection with this excellent society, which owes its existence to her untiringfenergy,and it wasmntirely through her inlu- Klee that it was granted a Royal Charter iii 1893. The institutien is now so wide firm •ad tha, it has branches in our colonies. Personally the Princes has a genius for nursing, and often spends: long hours beside the beds of sufferers. ' In an article on "Ntrses ard their Vocation "Princess Christ an save "A great e p 'insibiincy must always rest on those whose duty it is to train nurses. It de- volves on them to distinguish between the sympathetic, kind-hearted, jud'cinus nerssesnd tnose who are defie.ent In the qualities ebselut-ly r.ecesessry to constitute a good one. It devolves aleo on those who are considering the advisability of followine so arduous and exacting a call- ing, to a,le themselves seriously whether they are pre- pared to give their hesrts as well as tin ir powers of mied and body, to the comfort and relief cf those whose sufferings should claim theirss mpathy and consideration sic wet as their skill. If they are they will have the happiness and privilege of realising that the field of work which s before them affords scope for the highest in- stieets and qualities with which women are blessed." Miss Florence Nightirgale, who has just entered her eightieth year, wee trained art a nurse by the Protestant Sister of Mercs at Kdserwerth on the Rhine. In the following year, 1852, she attended some of the hospitals in Paris, becauFe at that period, with the exception of the Sisters at Ke,serwerth, the Catholic S'etere of Mercy in France were the only trained nurses in the world. There was si strong prejudice aeainst women nurses, 1 but Miss Nightingale braved it all, and visited ' nearly sll the principal hosp,tele in Great Britain. It was in 1854 that her name became a bousehod word throughout the world. She has endured Jon • years of pain and ill-health through over work, and as the result 'of a fever which she had at the clo-e of the Crimean Carnpaign,but as she herself wrt te to one who had given , herseP to the cause of humanity—" The founders and pioneers of almost everything that is best, must be mar- -1 tyrs—but these are the last ever to think themselves so. "

TFIF EXAMINFR FRIDAY, MAY 19 1899

- (c., * k4' 77//et ,1 - i'p / • 1/117714/ pig / / /4 7 7 IRIP , ' ii 4, y ', / vhviu ie . „of/ / /, y /, mit. ~, / / mi, , 7, //or/ p1,,,i A ~c,‘ ~,, //,, i / h.Y/7 , /74:,,,,ii. , ~, w ~,,,ii dii, y,, it it , , ipt,, A,. ;, , , ~, ,/ ip„, I ti,v 1/// 'V 1 A i ////s4i: k //' ' , ~.. , , -...5. Nt..., ,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyrii4t.)

THE SEAFARERS

A MODERN ROMANCE.

BY JOHN BLOUNDELLE-BURTON, Author of "Fortune's my Foe," "The Scourge of God," "Across the Salt Seas," "The Clash of Arms," "In the Day of Adversity," "A Gentleman Adventurer, " "His Own Enemy," "Denounced,"

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CH&PTERS: Arabella Waldron, a young girl, ia to sail for India in a ship belonging to her uncle, Captain Pooley, in order to be married at Bombay. But, previously, the reader is to be told of her courtship. A year before, the Captain had taken her to the theatre, whore she had met Stephen Charke, a young friend of her uncle, who is smitten by her. Afterwards, at a lunch at Portsmouth, Bella meets Gill,ert Bampfyld, a flag- lieutenant to the Rear-Admiral, and at a ball in the evening she gives him most of her dances. After starting for Bombay to marry Gilbert, who is stationed on a warship there, a cable comes for Bella not to start, as the wanliip has been ordered to Africa. She is, however, already out of reach. But, on the way to India, the ship meets a slave dhow, and on that dhow, mysteriously wounded, is Gilbert Bamplyld. Bella is much pestered by the attentions of Charke, Wll9 has become first Officer of the ship, and he secretly manifests against Gilbert.

CITATTER XI. VITE TZREOR INCREASE 3.

The southerly wind did not hold as it should have done considering the time of year, and the consequence was that the Emperor of the Moon was by no means making the passage that was to be expected of her. Indeed, by the time that the second day had passed since the rescue of Gilbert from the slaver, and when the evening was at hand, she was almost motionless on the water, and with such sails as were still left standing hanging as listlessly as though they were suspended in a back room. Now, this was disheartening to all on board—that is to say, to all except one person— as is generally the case when such things happen. The master was grieved because he looked upon the delay as an absolute waste of valuable time, while as for Bella and Gilbert—well! it is scarcely neces- sary to write down here what they were looking forward to at the end of their journey, nor what visions haunted the mind of the latter of the Cathedral in Bombay and a ceremony of marriage being performed at the altar rails by the Bishop. Yet, all—passengers, master, officers and men, had to swallow their disappointment as best they might, and to recognise the fact that Bombay was still over three thousand miles away and not likely to be reached for very many days. The one person who, however, was resigned to the affliction of delay was Stephen Charke, in whose brain there still lingered a wild and chimer- ical idea that there might yet be sent by Fate some extraordinary piece of good fortune which would, even at the last moment, sever Gilbert and Bella, with the subsequent result of bringing him, Stephen and Bella, together. It has been said that he was a dreamer, and never had he been so more than now, since, sleeping and waking, he still mused on the possibility of some extraordinary set of circumstances arising which should force the girl into his arms. Yet, he had to own to himself, that nothing was more unlikely than that any such circumstances could by any possibility arise. If anything visited these seas, this stupendous ocean, at this period of the year, it was more likely to be a flat calm such as that which they were now experiencing, instead of storms; and, even if storms should come, of what avail would they be to separate Gilbert Bampfylcl and Bella 'Waldron. "I am a fool! " he would mutter to himself, as he smoked his pipe either in the solitude of his own cabin or on the deck at night, "a fool. A. madman! One has only to observe how they love each other, how they never leave each other's side, to see that nothing could ever bring her to me. Even though she and I were cast on some deserted shore, even though I saved her from forty thousand threatened deaths—even though Bampfyld himself were dead and buried, she would never give herself to me. I am," he would repeat again, "a fool." And this acknowledgment would, for a time, operate wholesomely on him—a man whose mind was not altogether that of a visionary and whose heart was not, by nature, a perverted or warped one—and he would resolve that, hence- forth, he would think no more of this girl for whom his love was so fierce and, to him, so dis- turbing. He made resolutions, therefore, and kept them—until the next time that he saw the lovers together, smiling, talking, happy in each other!—"billing and cooing," as he called it, with a smothered curse.

Ff They were on deck, now, together, on the evening of the second day when Stephen went up to take the first watch, for Gilbert had refused to remain shut up in the cabin allotted to him for more than twenty-four hours, and Pooley also was there, Fagg being below finish- ing his supper. Mrs. Pooley sat on the poop in a deck-chair engage Ain some needlework she had constantly on hand, and, forward, the men were engaged in smoking and telling yarns, while the general idleness which pervades the fo'castle when a ship is becalmed, prevailed everywhere. One man was reading a short story to his mates out of a country paper six months old, another had a sewing-machine between his legs with which he was mending his and his comrades' clothes, a third was teasing and playing with "Bengalee," the tiger cub, which was growing—or seemed to be growing—fast. At present, however, it was safe to let it loose since it had no more streng:h than a large sized cat, and teeth not much bigger than those domestic animals possess. Generally, the creature followed Bella about wherever she went, rolling down the companion ladder after her like a striped ball when she went below, or lying on the edge of her dress when she sat on deck ; but at night it was shut up in a locker forward and looked after by the sailors. The hour for its tem- poia7 retirement had not, however, yet arrived, wherefore it was still gambolling about amongst the men.

Altogether the vessel presented a peaceful scene as she lay "idle as a painted ship upon a painted ocean," while from forward there came the droning voice of the sailor who was reading the storyette to his mates, interrupted only by the laughter of the others at the cub's leaps and growls, and from the after part of the ship there arose the talk of the quarter-deck people. "Come," said Pooley, now addressing el-lark% "come, let us go and look at those unfortunate niggers. The Lord knows what is to become of them. The woman, you say, never rises from the floor of the cabin, but only lies there and moans! It is the strangest thing I ever heard of in my life. I wish, Mr. .flampfyld," turning to that gentleman as he passed with Bella, "that you could give us some information about that dhow we found you

But, of course, Gilbert could tell them no mare than ho had already done a dozen tunes, repeating in substance all that he had said to his fiancee. "I am sorry," he had said on each occasion, and again said now, "but I know absolutely nothing. I was insensible when I was taken into the dhow—as • taken in I must have been, since I could never have got in by myself—and, as you are well aware, I was insensible when I was brought out. I positively know nothing." "The helmsman's death was as strange as any- thing," Pooley. observed. "Fagg says there was no wound about him that he could see. What, therefore, could he have died of?" "Sunstroke, I imagine," the Brat mate said, in his usual emphatic, crisp manner. "Sunstroke. It could not have been fever,, otherwise these negroes would have it. too. Yet," he went on, :n a manner more meditative than usual with him, "those Arabs, if he was an Arab, rarely suffer from that. It takes a white man to get sun- stroke."

"WA. come," said the master again, "let's go and see to them. The sun is on tile horizon ;it will be dark in a quarter of an hour's tine." Whereon he strocle forward, accompanied by Charke, while Mr. Fagg, who had come •up from the saloon, began to keep such ..watch as was necessary. And Gilbert, bidding Bella go and sit with Mrs. Pooley, strode afier them anxious to have a look at the .unhappy creatures who had been rescued at 'the same time as himself.

The male blaplis had been put into a deck cabin (in which usually was kept an assortment of things such as spare lamps, a boat sail or two, and Mr. Fang's bicycle, . on which he disported himself whenever he got ashore anywhere), in which sotuo matting had been thrown down for their accom- modation. And, as now they neared this cabin, they heard sounds procerrlig from within it which wens really nmr.ne., but to their ears had more the semblance of the bleating of sheep. Also, it seethed as-if one of themen within was chanting some sort of song or incantation, . "We shall have to stop this noise in some way,

sir,'' Charke saw, to the captain ; it tins neen going on more or less ever since they came on board, and the men complain that it disturbs them 4st the fo'castie. s a pity we can't communicate with them somehow. Perhaps Lieutenant Bampfyld might try, as he says be knows some words of Swahili ' ; and as he spoke he looked at the man who bad once more, as he considered, or chose to consider, stepped in between him and the woman he loved. Yet, because he never forgot that he was a gentleman born, there was nothing in his manner that was otherwise than polite when he addressed Gilbert.

"I have tried," said the latter, "more than once to-day. And either my Swahili is defective, or that is not their language. I suspect it's Galla, myself, of which I do not know a word." Meanwhile, the captain had drawn back the cocoa- nut matting which hung in front of the deck cabin door, though, after peering into the sombre dusk for a moment, he started back, exclaiming; "Good heavens! what has happened now? Have they murdered one of their companions, or what ? " It was in truth a weird sort of scene on which he, as well as Gilbert and Charke, gazed, as the swiftly failing tropic evening light illumined the interior of the cabin. Flat on the floor of it lay one of the negroes, undoubtedly dead, since on his face was now the grey, slate-coloured hue which the African assumes in death. Yet his eyes were open, only now, instead of that bright, glassy lodk which all their eyes had had since they were brought on board, there was a dull, filmy look, which told plainly enough that there was no life behind them. Still, dead as the man undoubtedly was, he did not present the most uncanny spectacle of all within! That was furnished by those who of late had been his comrades, and by the strange grotesqueness—a grotesqueness that wag horrible in itself—of their actions. All three of the still living negroes were on their knees in the cabin, which was roomy enough to amply admit of their being so, while with their gre t black hands they were pawing the man all over, feeling his breast and body. and en- deavouring to bend his fingers and toes, and also his legs and arms; while, even as they did so, from their great mouths came that moaning incantation which resembled so much the bleating of sheep. Doubtless they felt almost sure that their fellow- slave was dead, and these actions were being per- formed ae- tests. Yet, also, there was a solemn, wild, unearthliness attached to the whole thing by the manner in which, when one of the visitors standing at the door peering in made a remark, all turned their sightless eyes towards that door, then helrl pp each a hand, and emitted a hissing noise tlp ou-sh their great. pendulous lips, as though enjoining silence and respect to the dead. Held up those hands, the fingers stretched enormously apart, the palms towards the intruders. Their eyes were bright enough as they glared at the three white men outside, whom they could not see, yet somehow the gleam in them and the knowledge that they were sightless, gave so creepy a feeling to those regarding them. that they could not restrain a shudder. "What in God's name is it ? " exclaimed Pooley, he being the first to speak. "What? What horrible disease that blinds them to commence with, and then kills—and kills not. only negro, but Arab —captured and captor? Who—which—will be the next ? "

As he spoke, a thought struck each of the three as they stood there gazing at one another in the swiftly-arrived darkness of the tropic night—a thought to which, however, not one of them gave Utterance. Who would be the neat? An Arab had died from some strange' unknown disease in the ship wherein these men had been found, and now one of them, too—a negro! Had, they reflected, this insidious horror been, therefore, brought into a ship full of white men? Would they also fall victims to that which had killed the others? That was the thought in their minds—in the minds of all of them, though not one gave voice to that thought.

"He must be got away from them—taken out of that cabin," Pooley said, his speech a little changed now ; more husky and less clear than usual. "Perhaps the woman, the negress, may be of some avail. I doubt if they will let us remove him without difficulty—though--poor blind things as they are— they could scarcely make any resistance. Go across to the other cabin, Mr. Charke, and fetch her over."

He had been anticipated in his order, however, by the chief mate ere he spoke, Charke having, through some idea of his own, already crossed the deck to the similar cabin in which the woman was placed. Therefore, as Pooley looked round to see why the mate did not answer him, he saw in the darkness that he was returning. Also he saw —even in this darkness, which was not quite all darkness yet, and also by the light of the foredeck lantern—that he looked pale and agitated. "The woman," he said, "is dead too, I believe. She is lying on the cabin floor motionless—and cold."

CHAPTER XL'.

"STRICKEN."

It was from this time that there began to creep over the ship a feeling shared by all, both fore and aft that the voyage would not end without some- thing untoward happening. What form, however, any. misfortune which might come to them would be likely to take, none were bold enough to attempt to prophesy. Yet, all the same, the feeling was there, and, since every mart on board the ship was a sailor, while, of the ladies, one was a sailor's wife and the other a sailor's future wife (each of whom was certain to be strongly receptive of the ideas and superstitions of her own particular mate), it was not very strange that such should be the ease. Also, there was still in the thoughts of all that idea to which neither of the men congregated outside the cabin when the negro had been found dead had ventured to give expression-the idea that the unknown, insidious disease which had struck him and the negress. and also, possibly, the Arab nVocla down, m ght eventually seize on them. There was, howei e at present at least, no symptoms of a! ytl,:ng of the kind happening. All on board continued well enough, and, up to the time that the man and woman had both been buried in the sea for more than twenty-four hours, no complaints were heard from anyone of feeling at alFunwell, while the three remaining blacks seemed no worse than before.

Yet it, was a pity, perhaps, that at this time the ship should still have been forced to remain becalmed and almost motionless; that, neither from south nor west any breeze blew—from the north and east there was scarcely a possibility of wind at this season I—and that, except for the strong southern current which carried her along at a considerable, though almost imperceptible rate, she hardly stirred at all. A pity, because it. gave the sailors too many idle watches wherein to talk and chatter, to spin yarns of old-time horrors which had fallen upon vess:qs in different. parts of the world, and of strange visitations which-they had either personally offered under be had "hcerd tell on," and so 'forth.

Nor aft, in the saloon, did those who, used it fail to discuss the strange circumstance of—not so much the death which had stricken the Africans— as the blindness that had fallen upon them.' And hie, Stephen Charke, better read, perhaps, than any of the others owing to his studious nature, was able to discuss the matter im,re freely than either the captain or those who sat at his table.

"I do distinctly recollect reading somewhere," the mate said one' evening, as all sat under the great afterdeck awning, fanning themselves listlessly, while Fagg worked a kind of punkah which his ingenuity_ bild devised, "I distinctly recollect reading somewhere of all thoee in a ship, on board of which was a large cargo of West. Afri(•!ni negroes bound for America, .being stricken with blindness. I wish I could recall ;here I'read it.. In that way we might be able, also, to find out how to take stepi. to nvil the, same thing happening to tv in the old Emperor," "A cheerful prospect, truly," said the captain, "if that is to happen" ; and as he spoke he roamed his eye around the tranquil, glassy sea, on which there was not so much as a ripple. "A pleasant thing, inde«l. if one-half of us get Mind and rough titre comes on. How, then, is the ship to be worked three thousand miles. Uow are the sails to be attended to?" and now he directed hit eyes aloft tc.where all the canvas was neatly furled with the exception of the studding sails. "We'll hone it won't be as bad as that, sir,°' maid Pagg. "Only the black people, and those olt of another ship than ours, seem to surfer. Until oa, of us "—by whom be meant the Europeans on lymrd—"gets affected we haven't much to fear, take it. Also, von know, sir, we can find shelter before we re:.v.;li illornbay. There tire the Seychelles, for instance, from which we are not so very far off."

"Fu-11 delay as doing that would -entail rneanx a 4.3rious loss for me," Pooley replied. "As it is, I expect, one wny or anollior, I 611E111 Wits um, vovagc out of to years." l'l hoa not," said Gilbert Dainnfyld, s2iiously, " otherwise i shall I•(,gin to think it was a pity you over came in contnct with the dhow in which you found ue."

Y,t, as tic spoY,. he &t,17 s beautiful eye,' fixed on his face, and knew that no more crowning' - mercy had ever lyspn veliehsafed to any two mortal* than had been accorded to his, sweetheart and' ;It el, ty macaw. . "Well," said Pooley, "we won't talk about thaX.- lam devoutly thankful that we were enabled, by. God's • mercy, and also Ly the aid of something which is almost a miracle, to rescue you. For the' rest a sailor must take all that comes in his way and never repine. The Emperor has been a good old tank to me; pray heaven she continues so to. the end." Then he suddenly stopped and peered forward under the awning towards the foNnistle where, beneath another awning, the sailors had been lying about, some sleeping, some chatting idly, and most of them—even to those who had dropped off—with a pipe between their lips. "What's that commotion forward?" he asked, addressing himself to Charke who, ever on the qui-- vive as became a chief officer, had sprung to hig- feet and was gazing keenly towards the foredeck. "What's the matter with the men. and why are- those three holding Was up like that?" "Forward there!" sung out Charke in a voice- like a trumpet as he, too, saw that which the. master had described, namely, three of the hands. standing up round the man named Wilks, and one- grasping him on either side, while he himself pushed his arms out before him in a manner that implied a sort of doubtinc,a helplessness on his part. "Forward there! What's the matter with that man ? " _ _ _

"He says he can't see, sir," roared back another man on the forecastle deck, pulling his hair to. Charke as he spoke. "He was asleep just now, and then, when he woke up, he asked what time o' night it was because it was so dark." "My God!" exclaimed Pooley, while the faces. of all around him took on a blanched, terrified look, and Bella, with the beautiful carnation of her lips almost white now, grasped her lover's arm. "My God!" Then he turned to Fagg and mut- tered, repeating the other's words: " Not much, to fear until one of us gets affected.' Heavens! we haven't had long to wait!" While, following Charke who had already gone. forward, and followed by Fagg, he went towards. the forecastle. His mates were bringing Wilks down the ladder now, since Charke sung out that he should be•. taken into the comparative darkness of their quarters at) once, thereby to escape the glare of the,. sun • and not one of those who were eagerly watching his descent but observed how like his. actions were to the actions of the blind negroes. when they were brought off from the dhow, and the- actions of the others to the behaviour of the mea who had assisted them to come on board. For companions directed his hands to the ladder's ropes. even as the blacks' hands had been directed; while- in each of his motions was the same hesitation.' followed by the same careful grasping of the rail, as there had been in the motions of the slaves.

"Oh Gilbert," Bella exclaimed piteously, as she clung to him, "what is going to happen? What is hanging over us? Supposing—supposing—" "What, darling ? " "That—oh! I don't dare to say what I dread. But if this terrible thing should spread all through: the ship. If uncle, if you, if all the sailors were,. attacked. And you dearest; you, my, darling." 1 "Let us hope it will not come to that. Beside*. I, personally, matter the least of any—" "Bettie!" she almost shrieked, alarmed, "when you know that those others—some of them at least.. —that those poor black creatures, have died after it. And you ,say that you matter the least of any; you, whom I love so." "I meant as regards the ship. lam not one of her officers, nor concerned in the working of her ; and, Bella, dearest Bella, don't get these dread- ful ideas into your pretty head. Never give way to. panic in an emergency. Doubtless some more will find their epsight leave them—temporarily, but it can scarcely be that all will be attacked. And as regards death following, why, those other niggers are all right, and they are just as blind as those who have died!"

It happened—as so often such things do happen in this world! that he spoke a little too soon. He hit upon the denial of the likelihood of a possi- bility occurring which, by a strange decree of fate or chance, was, at the very moment of that denial,i to OCCUr ; for, just as the repudiation of snob probability was uttered by him, and before the men helping Wilks had had time to get him com- fortably into his berth in the forecastle, there arose once more t' at strange, bleating, moaning kind of incantation from the deck-cabin in which the remaining negroes were, which had been heard before by all. And, added to it, was something more than any had, heretofore, heard, namely, a series of wild turbulent shouts in the unknown. barbaric tongue used by the Africans—shouts that seemed to issue alone from one of their throta A noise, a bellowing, in which, though on b the Emperor of the Moon there was not one persom who could understand the words that voice uttered, all recognised the tones that denote fear, terror, and misery extreme. Instantly, so stridently horrible were those cries, every one of the Englishmen about rushed towards the cabin, Pooley and Charke being the first there, while Gilbert, running forward from the after-part and along the waist, was soon by their sides. And then, looking in, they saw that the poor. blind, excited savage who was emitting those shouts had, in truth, sufficient reason for his frenzy. He seemed—was, indeed—demented as, with both his great hands, he felt all over the bodies of his comrades who were lying lifeless on the cabin deck, and presented an awful appearance to those who gazed on him as his great features worked in excitement, his vast mouth with its adornment of huge white, teeth opened and shut like a wild beast's at bay, and his blind, but brilliant, eyes glared hideously. That he was nearly mad with fright and terror was easily apparent., since, recognising without seeing that there were others near, he snarled and bit at the space in front of him, and struck out with his fists or clawed at the air with his enormous hands. "He will spring out at us directly,: Charka said, drawing to one side of the cabin. 'The fellow is mad with fear or grief." Then, ready in expedient as over, he ran the cabin door out of its slide and shut in the negro with his dead companions. Nor did he do so too soon, since, a moment later, those without heard the huge form of the man leaping towards the door; once they heard him slip' as though he had trodden on the body or one of the. limbs of those lying dead on the floor; and then came a beating and hammering on that door which seemed to promise that, in a few seconds, the panels would be dashed out and the maddened black be amongst them. "This is too awful," muttered Pooley. "Is he really gone mad, do you think ? " he asked, appeal- ing to Charke, Gilbert and Fagg at one and the same time.

"No doubt about it," they answered together. "No doubt. And if he once gets out, to the deck, sir," said Charke, "a dozen of us will not bb able to hold, him."

"We must. capture him if he does. Throw a rope round him somehow. If he were not blind, we should have to shoot him. Hal see, he has smashed open the panel! Stand by there, some of you men, to catch him as he leaps out." And, even as he spoke, the gigantic madman, with another howl, broke down the door and sprang amongst them.

(To be conUnued.) LATCHFORD GOOD TEMPLARS

On Monday evenirg the members of the ilonehill Branch Lodge mot in he Temperance Hall. !trims- ford-road, when the Chief Ttmnler, Mr. J. Co,bett, presided.' The programme consisted ot questions submitted by the sisters to be answered by the members. All the questions were of an entertain- ing chntacttr, and were. very satisfactor- ily answered

. . FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB Elliman's For Rbeuntaio.nm, Lumbago, Elliman's spirain etowises, Fric..l.sl2 Elliman's Cuts, Elllman.'s „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's „ Coki at tha Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ ChWriairis beiore Brckea, Elliman's „ Corns when Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Eiliman's „ SO:CtiOSS of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, F00tb.3.11, Elliman's Re 7... Bottles 80., is. id. 2s. 9d., 48.

Horses', Dogs', icaralts, Cntlle Accidents and THE fa Lti AI D FOOL Copy ód. post free, or the !.nsfa. ;If 35. 61144, or 35. 6 3; y ) ,-311 ELLIAIAN'S No tilort es hp— A.':

Secticn7. PUbliLlied gv.if .SCIL3 4T: Evzn-tzttli.

--,•

--woo eyes ming mtiat and

ther r to. low, e o'

===== 0002601_18990519_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW INCH ItilDY. - IE R A PION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- to:h.,. the Continental Hospitals by Eicord Roston. Jobet. 1Z". and others, surpasses everything hitherto emplo.ved Ino-13nrity of the blood, spots, blotches, pins and swell- :t the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases, trsaVre. discharges. piles, gravel, pains ha the back, rheu- clebuTi. gout. exhaustion, sleeplessuess.nerrous and physical Nos. IY* etc. Therapiou is prepared in three different forms lottli 2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Otru idsletPutictilars send stamped ddressed envelope for to

MR. R. JOIINSON, 43, UOLFORD•NUABE, LCNVON, W.C.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LWRITE.] Black to m%)ve and win, white to move and draw.

Solution of Black to move and win. 28-24 22-18 19-24 18-22 28 —24 32-28 31-27 32-27 31-27 Black 24-20 23-19 24-23 22 -25 wins. i,28 —33 27 31 27-32 30-23 6oitition of white to move and draw. 31-27 19-24 27-32 23-24 31 —25 23-19 32-27 22-18 27-31 Drawn. 27-31 24-20 31-27 18-23

===== 0002601_18990519_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
IVA!tRINGITON BALLING CLUB.

The Rowing and Model Yacht Regatta in conneetinn with this club took place on Saturday ,at Howley Quay is wretched weather, w hich seriously militated against a good shovv. IA the models only flurfscel the startcra 17z. :—Seray. sft. (a bulb and finkeeler), Mr Poole; Thistle, 5f ce, Mr G Jackson ; Flying Dutchman, 4t t., Mr 8 Leigh ; ane Veto (schooner), 2ft. 9n . Mr J Newton. The yachts were handicapped to allow 3ft. to an inch, and 41t. to an inch to the schooner. The course was abut 250 yards. The draw resulted is the two large yachts being drawn tegether and the two smaller ones. The fir3t heat was le- tween the Flying Dutchmen and Veto, the latter receiving 67tt. 6in. allowance. The Flying Dutchman woe the beat by about 20 Verde, there not hence suffilient wind fir the echoocer's small sil arca. The eecond beat was between the Spray and Thistle off a mark. Much in- toreA was centred in the heat owing to the Spray being an up-to-dtte host, ant the Thistle one of the old,deep, full-bodied models, but with a goed reputation ail a sailer. The sailing was keen between the pahr until about 15 yards from the line, when the Spray, gi tting the weather of her oppment arid outpointing he:. won by a few yards. The final now because a due; between the two previous winners—Spray and Flying Dutch- man, the latter receiving 35ft start. Some alteration having been made in the trim a the Dutchman, she did nee Fail near so well as ia her heat, the Spray passing her in two or three beards and winning easily. In the rowing matches there: were six pairs, viz. : Messre. S. and F. nate. W. Denson and Friend, Ditch- field aed Vvilliams, Ciifford and Walker, Allen and Jaws, and Brimelow and Bexley. The draw resulted in Messrs Blimelow and Bailey being opposed by Cliffcril and Walker, Messrs. Fad being opposed by Dolma and Friend, Messrs. Ditchfield and William and Allen and Jenes receiving a bye in the first round. The rat heat waelestween Meesrs. Platt 'and Debsen end Friend. Roth boats got well away, but about half-way lin Platt s were in troutie, the heat ending in an easy wm. for Dobson and Friend. The secend heat was between Meisra. Brimelow and Bailey and Clifford and Walker. This was a somewhat easy win for Britnelow and Billy. Meessre. Ditchfield and Williams now opposed Allen and Jones. This 'coked an easy win for the first-named until atchfield was seiz,d with cramp in the hand. He managed to hold on until about 10 yards from home, when he cobpsed, and Allen and Jones joet shot their boat over the line, SOM '- what lucky winners. Messrs Brimelow and Bailee now opposed Dobson and Friend in the semi-final. In this heat Dam and Friend seemed to have ket their form of the first heat, Messrs Brimelow and Baley winning easily. Messrs. Allen and Jones now opposed Brim' low and Bailey in the final. whiebe was brought off after elle model ma detailed above hid been seilei. The final was what it appeared oa form, viz., in easy teak tor Brimelow and Baiiey, who paddled over the line. Allen and Jones hung tenaciously on until the winners hal crossed the line. Had the day been fine greet interest would have been centred in these nets, and as it witil about NO people braved the elements. Messrs. Garnett and F T Jefferson acted as starters, whilst Messrs. Chap- pell and J E Jefferson were judges, with Messrs 3trieger and W W Whittle as clerks of the course.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRID.A.Y, MAY 19, 1899. WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB. ANNUATiTIETING.

Considerable interns-. wis in the annuli meet- in 'f thl Warring%) Fvitnail Clain which was held in the W.irk-flea's Club, Airket-pFice, on Tueday evening Ili sue 4.5Je IC') of tld prl4i ,rl') qr 14 t ThPrEl were also preen t : Messtr T Waliagtun, G SLnitb, T :dowers, W Hill, W Dillon, J Cr tchley, F lrbr, J 1' ftoaile. T Bara., sea., W Hayes, W Beld in, jun., H H.,ult, J, Kinstey, S Wright, E Gilb-rt, Sainpi an, El Fogg. Jona Dann, F Divi.s, .1 Gritlitla, ['him is S.flicn, F a k Turner, T Buries, jaa. W Hewitt, W n.r,h, J J W Ev Aibton, A J.nes, F tssfln, I'vsin, Rigby-, wish Mr J E Warren (hon. secretary), aud Mr Panibirton (boa. treasurer).

TZIB

Mr. GEoacia xirpcopsl, an 4 Mr. II tyas ssconded that C3tlilOtll ir 'nation take till CISIT in the aboen IA of Mr. Ecrins. T.ll rei,iu-AO4 was On laiinousic carried. CHilßMVSthiaksi the ininare very much for hiVill4 cleaned htrn t) COO chair. Hs saw that his name h tcl b-qsra pu: forwar I or the the positioa of prasi•Jeat and also OA a riv,inber of Vas coinmi'..tee. He wished ro thank thole geat eal9U wal were de,iroos of honouring him 1).1 giving him a charm of cunning for either of the two casts, but rmallg he had not time co give to the positions awl he mos: ask Ltisaa to allow his utme to be cv:tnirawn as he would fly; allow his nam 3 to go f r t poetion of wait:a he kaew he cmill nit fu+fi, the duties. He would now ask their friend. 'Warren, to real the mmu.es of the last m3et• ua.;. Fie was sore were glad o e s hul in h,..alta again ifter his long and serious illness. (Hoar, hear.) The mleus were rid ant appr wed of. WIZ REPORTS.—STRONG CRITICISM.

The rap nes and stem . acceuats which were given in our last issue were taken as read. ela 'resort proposed, and Mr. RIGBY' secealel their adoetion. Mr.T.BARNES son. said it was a very ueueirel cirClll3- stance that he had the plessure of addressing the mem- tier, of the F otball Clue. It was sever al years since he hal that pleahire and as there seemed t be a :treat ' reructence on the p;rt of others to make any re- marks h.s woul 1 step i ice the breach. As a a lividual wile hid bid mace te de wiel thar seeret try, he cen- gratula.ted niin &woe nis recovery to healte. (EL‘ar, heir.) He was sure all the members of the club were of the sham, feeiia w h regard to his state of coavales- C,!ace. Th,3 secretary's report he th night was somewhat of a gloomy character, particularly with regard to tee ibtilty of their first team. Their secretary cons )led himself with the thoueht that they had done no worse tau last season but that they had done a little b-tter In regard to tee poiets scared in tee league. He thought that was very t is censolatioo, paeticularly with a clue teat had the financial resources of Warrinecoe. They hal a larur pepulation than ever t 3 sup-. ' pert term in carrying football to a greater state of efficiency than- they had oossrved this sevol. Referring to the Secretary's statement that they startel with a team 'which included five young players, tee speaker said they had done very little with these untried players. It was sail that the cminittee had dsae their unmet to import players. They had—players in name but not in rearity, wihi the exception of one individual. Teat did not say much for the discernment ot Vl9 man- aeement. The Secretary said they had made strenuous eff ots to secure new t dent. Tnere was a tot of good talent lying ,Jorin int in tee town. Hal thu committee made any endeavour ti secure tnat talent ? Ho thought they had not. fuere were at least two players weom the committee should have secured. Thera was one good player who was tried on one ore a- :eon mater great disadvantages but since th ;a fJr some reason or other he hal no b--en given a chaece of preying himself worthy of a poeitioo on th :ream. In the latter pottier' of tee season the myalty of speetitere teweres tee club hal turned to disloyalty. They would not now he content with the football that was formerly exlibited. They wanted far supsrior toozbal than that whichhid been pliyed lately. The teem had not been trained as well as in previ tot seasons. Tney only walked to Stockton Heath, and in other eerpons there had been a coosiderable ameunt of running eel prectice. Who was responsible for that? He thought the Committee cf Management were. Our. lag the latter half of toe season it had been painful to watch the scare exiiioitiens of the team. Tao men seould be traine i and watched, as the members of the Salford team, for iestance, were. He thought there hal ben a lack of attention in that directou. He must acenowledge that there hal been Sonic training of toe p:ayers, but it was practically only for two weeks pticr to the cup ties. It was absurd to think that their team could compute with other clubs on level terms after enty fort night's training. The game was faster now th in ever, mei practice in running was essential. Mars ttraining was necessary lon the future. If the clue welled to get the syrnpA iy and support of the people at the town tnere must he .re better nhp:ay f (ilea', heir.) They nee led one or tive oliyers better th they had. One of the brielitest ',ravers the club had ever had from another dictrict was Fish, and he was got by some of the committee going to s.:s him play. But seine players were got without the comuuttee first seeing what they could do. Their obser- vAion eremed to be more powerful at the later part of the seaeon than in the earlier part of the year. (14 ,uehter.) It they did not gtt new players they must endeav :ur to induc sItTH of tueir bet old players to rei .sn them, and bring up their team to toe state of ellicieucy it Was two years ago, when they displayed those qualities all the members would like to See die- p eyed again. (App;suse.) Mr. T. DAVIES a,lted why there was no works com- peati,n t season ? Mr. S. Weimer trioU-Iht Mr. Barnes had been too hard on the Committee of Management. (Rear, bear.) Tnere were necees icily a good many obstacles to the successful carrying out of the practical part of the business. Mr. Barnes had also c ,mplained of the Committee of Manage- ment in their procur reg of players, but he knew the Crinwiittce had use I every erateavour to secure good p ayers. They muat net always expect to get pod bar- gains. If they went out poaching they must not always • expect to get good bags. Salford and o.dhatn had bens in the came poiition as they had. To Committee had not been altogether unsuccessful. They had at least obtained one good man, as edr. Barnes admitted. They were apt somerimcs to blame the Committeefor the tali- logs or the teem. It was unaccountable teat the team which had done so well up to Cnristrnas should do so ntis e ably in toe later half of the season. Whettyr the plaeehre were dissatteried with the remuneration he nil nut know. They (the members) did not kao w the amn- Laittee's agreement. His (Mr. Wright's) opinion was that the players themselves had done the club an injustice. Tney bad not done their best to win the matches. If they wanhyl to be more successful the Committee of Manage- tu•lit would have to deal more sternly with tee players. the players wieder' to receive gent remuneration they must play good focaleall. (Hear, hear.) Last year Mr. I,,yw bu,ton a*ked a question respecting the remuneration of the .I,aludernan, aad it was stated that the matter ould b t , ken into considera.tion. Immeiiately after- wards the committee advertised for a trainer. That hardy seemed fair to tee gentleman who askei the haeheen about the grourtiaspaizfie.biolnfitthetrcaoianienar ittht,o; slt;..:(er[huhhhmakieeugE,aoelf 44 seo3.)4Tillge trainine had cost over £4O Lucre anti be did not see it had ba3a any more satisfac- ten-. The remaraa oi elr. Barnes to meed to be levelled at tee Secretary. Mr. Beerees rose to a point of order. To SECURTARY said he did not take the remarks of Mr. Barnes in that way. (Hoar, hears) Mr. WrimuT thought the remarks might create that impres.lion. They complained bitterly of the mis- maaagQment of the club, but tie management wee not alt os2other reepoesible for that. If the members of , tie club appointed a ceminittee who Were not capable tat carrying out V,eir duties they were to blame tor ap- pnintin; them. It they did not have capable comma- tee loi he could not expect a rime better team. (Peer, hear.) Toe Cryan/east said he took it that Mr. Barnes' re. met its dci;o refer to the secretary but the committee of manageineat. As regarded the questioa about the wafts competition the conunitt.ee unanimrusly deciie tte, " c,)ntinUe the works c nnpetitien, because they had new only ore, playing ground instead of two as pre- ! vieusly, ad teey were afraid the one ground would be eat .up too much. loseead, they steougly su;sporkd toe junier lekrne, which they thNight was a tenter way of gettin4"uee Pley,-rs and bringing them to the front. lie die nee wire) t.) criticise the action of the c rm ntteee !it wet very cal, te fine fault. Th 3 rest-its of club coa- testa and matches had not been as eatisfaczry as one ! would heye wahe I, and hi wessorry tie finances were ! not so he Ilthy. They elected the committee, and he had no dou,r, they had done their test., ,The management of a fnre bell club ores much trying that they thought. I They had oot tailed for want of doing their best, and he thou ;lit they might let by-,bones be bc-got.es. Be noped ! the vew cuharefttee would take to heart what had bath. , said, aaki andt,avour, if poesiole, to secure a tatter post- tam at the tract of nest year. (Applause.) Mr. GARTLAND asdre how it was tnere was an increased r;:e;idttua ie railway tares, telegrems, and postage's, and diggers, retreehmenti and hotel expenses tome club pelf ere. 1N /,at hal been cow, with toe old turnstiles ? 111 ako noticed there was ae item of " media- debtors, 1134 les 6 ; " and some inform ktion uhget oe eivhe coo- ctlnine ite . -

Mr. Balms said he noticed there was a decrease in ,itb.icriptions. Fie thougnt I'. was own z to the actioj of the counnittita wuo had vi.)latel one tno rates of toe cluo in resp4ot tq nvimbPra...

(sr, hear.) He was also very sorry Meal that the worics co apetision had not been prolelded with this &WOO. L v 743 Ogle tivla3 ca bringing inla to watch their unites play fo)13 ill who had never seen it before. I w6s also th 3 1713403 Of filishing rh 4Pas3u in 4 haat)? way. Tao CII4IRMAN appealed the spaaklr to be brief in his rem irks

M'. BARNES said he was the " isoliaft "of his own reroarka—(iaughter) —and perneps the Claire:lan woeld allow him to speak as be like]. , He thoeght the eine- rnietee mole a inisteke in droopigg the works compe.-e- -tion. k flatware' and %%relates the 77 wits teamo nivel on the first team's grouad and he did not see why they at Werrington coald no de the same. (leer, hear.) Mr. WAR sag said Lie regrotted very mull] that be was not in better ferna to anserer the en toy roe itiitee and arguments brunet fo-wart. Re hal Gime there at some little personal risk, but he did not wish to make that an excuse for not ega wering any veltiens brought forward. Re was glad of the opportaa.ty of replying to the questiaa with reference to the increesml centof pest- aged because it represeetel the extre work whice had to be done in conn-cioe vrh the club. They conl4 not call a general m ,ecing wichoet an expenditure of 22 104. Every meloor had to be notified by post of nomiaations oil the nitiee botrd, and a great many circulars had had to bo seat to the plavero ha coaneation vrisis ne.v rules, as well as expenee having to be incurrei in attempting to Ret players. No one It sew the work he hal trid to do tat 4ea4oi in coenectio a with the latter (Pipet. Tool) were the reaeons why the coet of postages hal inereased. Mr. PseingliTON replying to the other questions rais.d said the £3O ettra expenditure in railway fares was in- eerrel by tee team going t Hell, and Barrow. He believed the railway fare to Whim ore: 13s and to Hull 12i so tnat thee w Paid see test £33 did nit go far whin they took twenty oleyere and attend tots. Toe auit-irs hal gone carefully into etch item. Wiai respect to the clic for &laws the players hal only had one dinner at home, aril ti 49 had been eupelied to the players when praetising in the Stia2RlBl'. Tea item was considerably roily:el on lest year's aineunt. Mr. Gart- land would lied the old tarn-stdes oa the gritted if he cued to look. Previegsly there were only seven turn- etiles, now there WPM twelve. Tao reports wet., then adopted. SPECIAL. RE3Oi4U LIONS.

Mr. A.SUTON in ac rd with noticeof motion Riven naved "rnAt rule 4 be altered 0 real as follows :—:ht toe acing officers shall con iist of presicient,hon. treasonr and hon. secretary. The conmitteelshall consist of the acting office's and six non-piaying manob3rs, Rale 5 to read : Five to form a quorum." Ho pointed out that a diffiulty had ben experienc3l in having the com- mittee too laNe. If the resolution; were passed it would redeem the number to nine. It WA4 n.cissary that the financial in atv.rs conl,trning the club sloutd be planed in as few hands as possihlfs. Mr. TnoarsiLey secoulel the resolution and said that it was disirab:--i that the narnh3r sh mold Mr. T. BARNES, sea., said he supportel tie resolution but on differe at growth to thiws of tne propose: and seconder. Financial ma-,ters hal alraly been ii a Us., hands, .•seeinz toa', a finance co:nm woe of four goalie- man had cloduc'e t the flaanci al atf airs of toe cluh. If tne number of the winners of the committee was re- duced it would eaable ths whole Gomm tZ,ee to deal with finance.

The CHAIRMAN Elan he bed always theueht that the committee was large and unweildy. If they had a committee of nine wha took a 'neat interest in the wel- fare of the cub, it wonld not be neceseery to soli: it up into a number of sections. He believed all sectional differences had distppeered from the club. (Hear, hear ) The business of the committee would be to have good placers, good matches and a good gate. HA theught if they had a good team the fiaencial result would be satisfactory. If the followiag year WAS not more satisfactory he would agree with them in taxing the responsibility on the geetlemvn who would farm the eemmittee in the eveat of the resolation being passel. Tne resolution was unanimously appr eyed of. The CHAIRMAN there moved that the same sum as last year be paid to Thomas Pemberten, the treasurer, sal J. E. Warren. the secretary, and the auditors al an honorarium for their err eices durieg the past year. He said such a resolution needed ni commendation. Tney could not expect the otneiels to giva.the extraordinary amount of time invelved by the work without paling them a fair days wage. (Hear, hear.) HA did not think the sum of £25 per annum each for the secretar/ and the treasurer and £5 for the auditoriwa.s too much. Mt GRIFFITHS seconded the reeolution, and it was unanimoealy agreed to, Mr. T. Seems, son., moved "that the committee be instructed to allot% portioa of th s stand on ths reserved side of the ground for the -acoommodetion of the ordin- ary members at half-piiee." He said he was very much surprised at the commencement of th.) SEAM that the committee withdre v the privilege of the ordinary mein• hers to enter the stand on showieg their can of meal- ' bership It was a privilege they had previously enjoyed and he did not know who upset it. It was a procedure which was very unwise, and as a result he did no: think the stand was fully occupied more than three times dur- ing the reaeen. He had seen as much as 25 yards of the stand unec.Apied during the past s .aien. Some of the members hari gone on the fourpenny side and paid two- pence to ilgo on the Istand when they would have ben willing to pay threepence on the reserved Ode if they had been allowed.

Mr. BURDETT ;moon led the resolut'on and thr.ught the receipts would b3incuased jilt were agreed to. Mr. W. BELLIAN questioned whether there was a rule of the club to the effect that the committee could charge an ordinary member for going on the stand. If there was not, members were open to go on the stand without asking permis ion; Mr. PEMBKRTON read the minutes of the committee meeting on August 31st showing thlt ,he committee decided te make charges for the admis.ion of orainary members to the stands on the pzopo3itien of fid,. Ashton second .d by Mr. Nevins, Mr. Tnomas SMITH said he did not see why hotorary members shwld be charged 10i 61 and ordinar? mem- bers 4s. Those who p tid 103 61 were admitted to the stands free.

Mr. ASHTON Slid the charges made last year to mem- bers usint-T the :stand were in the nature of an experi- ment, and it was tried in viw of the increased financial liabilities of tho club. The Committee was bould to f,)rtify themselves against the increaeld expenses. It was now for the members to decide what should be done in the future.

Mr. HOULT thought it was a question of right or wrong. It was unques'ionable that the members had had a privilege taken away from them, arid now by the proposition the Committee was setting thlmselves right. The resolution would certainly put them in order. The CHSIRMAN thellght it Would be a haroy way out of the diffi..ulty to accept the resolution pnvpocel by Mr Barnes. Members would then he able to US3 the stands for half price. tie hoped memb2rs would not think they could use the stands for a subicriotion of 4s. a year. Mr. THOALtS SMITE( thought it would re much bettor to make a chrrge of 21. 61. to momb?rs using the stand. It would bo better than charging them half-price. Re would therefore prooose ao ameddn3ent that ordinary members be charged 2s. 61, a year fur the use of the stanl in addition o the mcinbership fee.

Mr. RIGBY seconCel. The CHAIRMAN Stid he understool the experiment wa3 triel two ya3r3 ago and wa.3 not a success. Mr. PEMBERTON said it was Ilvn proposed to charge 53• on one side and 23. 61 on the cther, but the mem- ber; preferrpd to pay half price, and not half a dozln tickets at 23. 61. or 53. were sold.

Mr. KINSLEY asked whlther it wa3 a reengnised role to allow honorA ry In flhX of 91e.:3ide Cllll3 on th 3 stand free nf elutes P

Mr. PEMBERTON : No it is not. Mr. KINSLEY sid ho had been on the and when committee men from other clubs had come up and brouz,ht friends with them. He had Fe.-in their own members brinj friends and they hal been refused ad- fkiissi )fl.

the CHAIRMAN said he had notic,id that himaelf, and he had been struck with the large committees snne clubs had. (Ltuahter.) Mr. KINSLEY said he knew seven members of the Broug,hton Itan.zers Club who were not on the commit- tee, bot who were allowed on the Warrington honorary members stand. He took it they dil'nt pay. The CHAIRMAN : You always find mean people. Mr. KINSLEY : If we f.To awty with our team we have to pay. There ought to ho a htr I and fas; rule to that effect.

Mr. FRANK TURNER said it was generally a matter of courtesy. - _

The a-mqnitriant on bairtz put fn the meting was d'- eared lo3t, 85 vJtinl flr it, and 73 fm Chi reeDiution ef Mr. B ornes.

Mr. E. A. SANDERS, then moved " That a Vat of mem- bers be pubfishod ;innutllv along' with the nomination papers, as lo Izivn onornheri an opp irtuaity of choos- ing the members to fill the varinus ()Riles, also that a conyof tha rulea he p'aned in the foltball voim." He 9a id it w4s s'mp!y for the convenienca of member. It would nve: the case if rill fist of members were pre- pird, and plac.l over the nominaVon papers. Mr. J. DAVIE'S see,rideri, and atter a thtle discussion, the rtimlutiou was unanirnouov catriel„

UNOPPOSF.O ELXCVONS.

The CE(kIRM&N thl're WAS n;.)-(7p-ci itiln to several officers and he priposs,d, and Mr. hatiEg CRITCHLEY seconied, that the following' offi,..erib rr-e'ened : e,ptaio, first team tr J T eaptairt, first team Ishemnod ; e.ptain," A " tow', F "d10r,4 ; hon. Mr T 17‘,1^1. Mevs,

Wallington, and W W,?Oltmr. The following were tiea apoointed tellers tor the contest offi :es :—Ye'or Clare J i4tl%rqcr,j,aEo7, S'AzAcrs, J Dv?oi, W Bard-46, W I Haves aril a a tyeg.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE 'MECH. BOUunr.

Many ladif!s and gentlemen nave by th9ln old or dii used talau tf.eth, whtci nigrt a 5 well In turned into rnoy..Ylioisrol. R. D. &J. U. Fraser.of Priuces-otreet Ipi wick, establiahed sinee 1833, buy old false teeth. If you riend your teeth to them they will remit you by return ire, the utmost value ; or, if preferred, they mid you ttv, .beat offer, and bold the tettli over tor your reply. If refimrence netriviry, apply to Messri. 13acon & )., BaukCL:i. LP

===== 0002601_18990519_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
4 )%• "

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. iiiN &nal Pill. Dose. TErt's Sm. ,1 Price. Aipt:`,i' I TIC,: Forty iir a vial. Pat vVege- r4:: le .4;4 table.

Torpl,l

:• ,;) ms to C.-- 1406.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for aU Nyho nae daily on the tooth ,rush a few drops of 4.E SOZODONT tiv -pleasantest dentifrics world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them a s nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, ;:osy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. *A: tc2r SOZODONT. 25.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TSB PaR IDI B L. PLBTClitft APP3INTIID.

Ti. Cnstastag said 113 was [1.342i15Gel for the plsitlon epresidem out ua ev.s iel to re-Are. M. Henry Ashton 4151 V7i3h3d t i-!i lee., hi na ne The ':hr,.e name. remaining we Mr. J 413 June. Nil I,tr. Ernest L. Fletcher, and r. J din Fins. He t lou ;tot it hid bin nsual to appoint their presi test for two year. M. Evine had given a great am yant of tun. to the position sal hi selgested that the installers should re•elect The Szcharahlr slid he w mid like to ik if Van pr polar ant seclader of Mr. Fletcher hai obtained hi. con- sent. It would be very Moony Mem if, after b,iog elec'.ei, he refuasi to ttte the position. Mr. Bowse.s Sill he sa v Mr. Fkrcher that day, and ha said he was willing to allow his name Po go with the other., bat not in opposition to Mr. Evans alone. (Ap- plause). The CILLIQUAN said he had receivei information from Mr. Evans t34C he would not allow his came to go in opposition to Ir. Ficcher. Toe vrAnc; would therefore be between Mr. Fletco-r ant Mr. Nield. Oa a bilbt being taken Mr. Fietchnr wag

===== 0002601_18990519_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TOI7CH JUDGES.

There were three per7sons nuallaitei for the pl3ition of touch jn ize for the fir4s emu >ly, tsr3. J VV Eav,Jn f Bite tr I J flalkiss. A; she re luls of a s ioond bat it Ir. J I Bite) elPcted. F)r till "A" twn tiulh juiv, the Cindidate4 wora Nfissr4. A Joule ant F 13,e41.n.M.Hileyn w electel. Tile VCCRET&ELY4IIIP.—IIR

. . TII9LkIRINIS,ST said he eelsvry.sorrj that there should b 3 a c west tor the po•i ,ioe of, secretary after the [IMF years Of faithful service Mr. Werren lesd ;given to the club. Mr. WARREN said he wee very serry to inform that meetine that the very fact of beige op els el and the talk eneeniered thereby h la'lhhUio s uele a position that it was vita impoteib for hen to re;aia the posi- tine of secretary. He very !leech regretted that was so. But no amount of talkie woul I get over it. His peei- tier% as se ;retail, to th clan eine t en end that nig. Mr. Hut. asked whether NU. Teoaats Walliagton who W 5 tree osal far sae p osit,o s f n!ere:rary hal not ai- m ly been atpointee an an oi-or. Mr. MMUS WALLINGTON sail it was not his intention to oppose klr. Warm 1. He felt that he would not be able to sitisfect only fill the pstioni of secretary as his time was pretty well occupied. He wet pi aced in a vets' la wk ward position with respect to this offal°. If Mr. Warren would have allowed nane to go he would have cone with the rest. His p-rsonel feeling was to Irwin and he should like Mr. Warren te reconsider his I deeieion. (Beer. hear.) fie th ought the unaninieue opini on of every- member of the club was th et Mr. Warren had Tern hisver7 bs: far them, although he had been devoted to the Northern Union budaest. Ile sheuld like Mr. Warren to alter the deeision lie hti Come to and net have any Reatinalneal feeling because other nsmnis bed b.e I put on the list. (Hear,he tr ) Pereoraelly he did not care to opooss Mr. Warren at at He did net think if he (the speaker) were elscted he would be able to do that justice to the poiitioe which it deserved as he hal so many things on hand. Mr. Walnur said he hal not the sliehteet doubt that Mr. Warren would he electel if he allowed his name to go to the vote. They keew he had not bean in good health but tliev also knew that he hal devoted a erest deal of his time and energy in the interests of the (dun. Perhaps 513439 members were clksatisftei throegh a misapprehension of he altioa on the cernmittee. He knew a geed deal of blame hal been thrown on Mr Warren's shoulders which belonged to others. He should certainly be sorry if Mr. Warren threw up the position. Toes, 'clew that his work in connection with the Northern Union hal been in the interest of footbill, and if he resignel they would lose one of their best servants. The SECRETARY said he newt t'a ink Mr. Wright and Mr. Wellington for the hige encomiuns they had pissed upon him. He most also thank the members of the club for the kindness he had received fame most of them in the past. He believed he had a numner of warm Mende and he hid net the slightest doubt ha woeld he e!e:ted if his name went to the vote. But it was quite im- pessib,e for him to continue anti he WAS reluctantly com- pelled to give no the secretary•hip. Mr. ASECT)N said he did net seek the pesition ofsecr.%. tary in any way. lie was as'zed to allow hirns,lf to be nominateed and he sa d he weald plea a himself entirely in the hinds of the inemb.re. He did net like to aceept the pesition when the othe.s tromilated were ret'rine. Mr. Waturearos said it would be impesible for him to find time to fill the postien. Mr. Aswan said he weal I prefer that the matter should yo to the vote.

The CHAIRMAN' saii ha wou'l propel !Sir. Azhtla for the maition of ecrettry. Mr. THOM&S WA.LLINGTON sesoeled, ald the resohi• don Wm uoanimal ly 01).1+0.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
TE COINIMITTRE AND TDUSTRES.

The followinz wsra appo reel on the Gmn.nitt:A4 : Megsra. T. Bowerg,T.Rarnel. sea., W. Dillon, W. Nevin% J. T. Thqrniley anti W. 11 wrt. T e trar..eA3 appoiltA wore: Me3srs. T. B)wors aal W. Dillon.

After the election of committee a hearty vote of thank = was pa,ssci to Mr. Warren, the retiring secretary, for his valu,ble servic3a to the chub ['aria; so many yea's. Mr. WARREN and pap-9190d his oonfid•mo io the sucless of the Warrington Club. He admitted that tie past season had bem disappointing bet he sincerly honed that an improvement would b 3 =off Itod earl? in the futars. Though hie coanection with the Club was severed, he still had its intei.etts at h)art, and they might rely upon it that if health were spared him he should attend thannual Fileetinv arKl ant the part of critic. (Hear, hear wad laughter.) "S t a poacher to catch a plachre—(rnore !aught T.) He thanked them cordiaily for their vote of thanks to him. . . .

Mr. T. BARNES said he si3ouli lilt) to propore that a more tangible testimolitl should h, giveko :kdr.Warren. The meeting cordially approved of the suzgestion. and the matter will bo left in the butts of the committee. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding con- clude l a meeting which ha i lastei jut three hours.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLA.RS' CONVENTION,

QUARTERLY MEETING.

The quarterly-- Ine-eleg of the N 1 Conventien 0.1 Good Tempters, S W. L tncashire dieTiet, was, held in the Independent NI ,tendiet Chine!, Atherton, on Satur- day. Bro. A. Francis, Pas J.T., of S. Helens, pr '- eided over a Re° I atten4anee of refer ssenleticen and visitors from lodgeo and temp!es in Warrineton, Esrles- town, Sutton, S. Helens, Ashton. Hindley, Atherton, Leigh and Teed -elev. Bro. W. Wsleee. C. s llreta,rv. and Bro. J. H. Hall, CIS.J.T., visitors from the No. 5 Convention, Bolton, were received with honours, anti heartily welcomed. After' the usual npenine cer-- monies the reporte of officers were received. Bee. F. Bowler, C. Sec. of Ashton, gave a very interes'ine report of the work of the var bus lodges in the area, showine general activity and preeress, 1.2 toilet's re- Porting 595 members, an inereaee of 25 on tae (planer. The lodges at Warrinetem ael Wizen reeeived help from the Convention, having suffered reverses. siiter Mee. Woods, C.S.J.T., of Eerlestown reported the juvenile temples in the area in a very eetiefactory nesition. Nine temples had 536 mcmhereete inereese of 45 me nhers on the quarter. Two new to:3 -np'es had been °weird at St. Helens and Ashton r cently, with very good prospecte of a successful fu'ure. Sister Woods pressed the im- portance of this work, and urged ain't =embers to ren- der help in the work amenest the lemne. Brether George Clarke, C. Treasurer, reported a fair led ince in hand. The q ieetion " Firm to help the Warr:neton Lodge," received considerable attention, and arranee- merits were made. Wieren was referred to the Convention Exccutive. It was also resolved to arrange for a series of open-air mission meetings at Golborne, to conclude with an united lodge seesion. 0 wine to cir- eumatances, Brother F. Bowler, C. S icretary, fe't cone- pelted t resin his poaitien, which was accepted with great regret, hearty thanks being tendered to Brother Bowles for his very weful eereecee in the pest. Brother E. Newman, of Earlestawn, was enneineed secretary to the Convention for the remainder of the term. Thanks were tendered to the visitors, Boos Walton and Hall resnondmg : also to the Aele-rten fiends, for the eel- lent arrangements for the session. A pibic tea was well attended, and a meeting afterwerde held, nresided over by Bro. Georee Clarke, D.E S., of Ear'eVown, sueported by Bros. A. Frannis, St. Helens; E. Newman, D.S.J.T., and J. Woods. L.D., or Earle-tewn. Addresses were given by the above, intereeersed witn seloe, duet,. dialogues, and recitations by !weal friend.", whose efforts were cordielly appreciated by a good audience.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON v. GOLBORNE (LIBERAL (LuFts),

A match between teams representing the above Liberal Clubs was played at Colborne on Saturday evening*. The Warrington team was mostly composed of second team players. but they aciul'terl themselvea fairly well. The e were thi:teen games of 101 up played, and the Colborne men ob'aine 1 a majority of 155 points. The return match will be played at the Warrington Liberal Clto on Werinerday even- ing next, when it is expected that the result will be re- versed. Scores •

GOLEORNE. WARRINGTON. J Yates 69 R Woods D Byron W Winnarcl lO3 W Critehley 63 HI? Mills lOO P Jones 66 J Ornuehley lno W Whittaker 55 T Rekersler 74 J Bermlon CI Hall ... 7O M Butterfield lOO W Burton H Heaton 9B T Davies ___

A Jarne

.. _ Dr Mapei N Twist W Taylor

Total 1152 Total 9;7 1997

MR nri ty for Golborne 155

===== 0002601_18990519_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
When asking for 04cors, insist on hiving CkDBURTS—,oId n ly in Packets and Tins as other (Ic•its we often tcl for the sake of extra profit,--Advt (1)

===== 0002601_18990519_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
6 6 44 . • • I 'tr. 'NI I tor- *• ~„ , 9

===== 0002601_18990519_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
I wa fll fib.

M r 0 ~.111 . ... . , , vt.rt,_ , e ;1;:., 1-. 1 ~,,Q.,. i 1 i , 9 9

for Scott's Emulsion.

MABEL ?RiOR.

When children lose their appetites, and their slop becomes restleis and the cllour befzins to fade from their cheek., try a little Scott's Emulsion and ye what it will do fr them. It is a very easy matter to get Scott's Eaaulsiol from the nearest chemist, and till expeiimont will surely do no harm. You can read in the following letter what two bott.es of Scott's Emulsion did for one little girl and, in fact, what it is doing for delicate children every day : " 5 Chalk Pit Hill, Chatham, Kent,

- _ beptember 9:la, 1898. " Dear Sire, I am delighted to write and inform you of the change in my little girl, now just turn- ing two years, after taking two bottles of Scott's 13)form then she had completely lost her appelit+, and nothing seemed to tempt her • she alsri appeared t, wait() away. lam thankful to say that hr appetite has wonlerfully improved, and sh., is alt igether mush brighter, thanks to your valuable preparation, which I have already recom- mended. My little one takqs it with great relish, reminding me to give it her, by remarking, " Mamma ! I want my nice medicine." " Believe me to be, yours gratefully. "(Signed) Mrs. E. PRIOR." You will notiee by tho foregoing letter

Such is the way the Children ask

that chiltiren love the taste of Scott's Emulsion. You will fii,d that where all other forms of cod- liver oil are rtjected, S3ott's Emulsion will be taken with eagerness, and not only taken, but it will be r-tained by the inlet delicate stomach. Scott's Emulsion is almost completely digeited alraedy,and do” not tax any of the digestive organs. It is bene- ficial to a little baby whose stomach seems to reject all other forms of nourishment, and it is equally beneficial to the consumptive in the middle age of life, who takes Scott's Emulsion to counteract the wasting of the disease and to heal the lungs.

In Scott's Emulsion are cnmhined the. purest Nor- WY cod-livfkr oil, •hypopho.phites, and dycerine, Th;s preplrrion has never been duplicated, and in no othrr form can you find thn idetl combination of these uvoul mriodipe. Scott's Emulsion is perfectly in accord with m scilnee, and it will cure the cough or bring back th. wasted flesh of a child, give strength to the consumptive, or overcome any tendency towards weakneEs or emaciation.

You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, EC, and mentioning. till 4 paper. 411 ei/113*9 age' t's grquii.T3l

complained strongly about the gates being left open,and pointed out th daneer to the public.—Rv Mr Jenkins: Mr. Grimshaw said he wouli renew his instructions to his men but would not be .respcnaible for them. Mr. Jenkins, for the defenc., said derendant had resid ded at Gaeewarth farm 16 years, and this was the first- )mplaint that had 13,.en brJught against him. Mr.- Grirnshaw thought he was a grevious sufferer at the ilan is of the company, who from time to time had en- deavoured te get him te take the keys and the whole re- Ap3lsibility. but he declined and said he was not going to be an official of the company, and assist the share- holders by looking after their dangerous level crossing., On the day in qeestion d+endant passed through the gates 24 temes, and the last time, when the detectives saw him, be was under the impression that he had (as- ten-cl the gate. Within Grimshaw, defendant, stated that on many oceasions ha had comreained annut the coaditien of the gates, and.ahout liven being lefr, open. The last cow.. plaint was about a month ago. The wind blew open one of the gates in corisNeenee of the spring being weak Ha thnugnt he fastened the gate when he passed threugh it on the date in qua,t?on. Mr. F-nna informed the 13-mch that in revonse to a. letter iron defendant, received in Decemoer last, the crossinv. ga•es ware altered to the satisfectoon of defend.. alt, no told Mr. Stone 3 that if the gates were locked he wetild get a crow-bar Co thetn.

Albert Atherton, in the employ of Mr. Grimshaw, said he recentiy eemolaineci to the sign tlinao about the con- dill-PI of the gem,. lie Sas,/ one of them blow open. Frank Grinrbtw, goo of dcfe.ident,sta,ted that be had rew.atedly complainPd to the scationmaster about the gates. He could go now and uu4h one gate open wits hie t)e. The hirai7es on the eates were loose. Sametiroat thy would b qie6tiff. Toe g4tes were supposed to cloge nen:wives aft.r the: had been opened but some.. tim .3 from the force of th, shifting they would lir back Tne B6nch fined defmntiant 203 includin; costs.

DEATH OF A WARRINGTON COBERDIAN. After a Oriel Illness of pneum3nia, Ar. Harry Wynne, a podular comedian,died on Saturday even- i eg. The decf-aied, prior to coining to Warrington, about twelve months aga,had travelled with several first-class comi ani.s, bit during one performance he met with an ii.jary to hi; foot which necessitated him tiking a rest. He was always ready to assist in any cuaritahle concert or performance. Mr. Wynne was only taken ill on Os Ilz)nday prier to hii death. During his stay in Warrington he gained a large number of friends, all of whom deeply re- gret_his 10-s.

W. T Wrwasars has now a splendid sOection of SPRING Millinery. Dressas, Mantles, Trimmings, B'on ,es F-ather Bout. Gloves. & BANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"V - p:,':. -6.1..,1A5h• '- - t,-,/k•, , 4.e, ,l'i,e,,--4 4t - t v , - . q,-- ..,•,,:i ....................... . .'!:-..:.,4:..,.__,„•:4.1v.7.-.--:75.1c...14. ''..* 4V' •...''.: '1 . .••• :•••:::::::::: . -.::.'':::. '-';''''r' '''''.l4,. -:: --.7;•,,,40.ife11:5t,\,,,,•,,k44.''''''',RV1.,..). • •.::.::f::::::.iis.!:.::::•i:..;:•.,•„'•:,.::....: ,1. lt‘ ;:: ~„_ „,___Wriff:-.-7- .4:z-V44..',...:;.0./....-?;:.:4.! v•%:,.;.•...,,,,....:..,...- . 5.,,-. . ..4.?,..,. .:.p..:47._FL__,-.'w.l.'k`*-.4....:.::...:/;;;',..-".. f. \\.• ‘ ..M\ '' ..';.-';;1t1V,3%-:' VV-ie.......t.'..;.',**044VAr..T„4 ~j"--::•.,,,5Q.1.-,Lil/4! 1.1-4'. ••-•,:,..?.4'`0'1,./;ipfy *??' 44'V .. ~. .4.,,V, ,#t,'''.....'?..:' ' ; -' " ':•.,i:ikttk,3' ' i ' 'Ik"V 4%' r•''''' - i :',-,::M::i.'. \ \ ......::':;fekgirkl ''''. .. „ ••••31iiiiii''',--,.•••-' :•4, ' \'''lo. ,"1,4*.r. • •.:•:ii:ii .....?•-•.4.t.:.:•:;::•;.fis;fii:4: -;.?:- , iii'4"'''''•••;...4.' 44. . • • WO, . 'ON' ' '''-e" . F.• •••It .••• -1.-1::.:;i:. ' • :11.:••••:•:iii•V••• 1; -,,- ~.-.44,...1 ~.,; ~ '.. ~ \it: W .4.,i•L'Aitib 4r ii, 1:1:*:::::.:.,;:iic, '------4..„•,..,*4„,%).,4 ',.' I. ' , ,tls.sl . s;t.4 o,:r.l'' ...:V.':.: . ::: .:,FF :;;•,. . " .. \ ' .14* 1,,,V! ;.•*::::%:::: . . .... ' :"1.;IIii : • .":-...::!:,:n, ---- -,-- ---,,-,::::_,,________- —.:::::--- `—' L. A ~,,.. •' ‘ .... .I:: 4,-- ,*:::::i:::::::i.:-.::;:•... \ .•,':',.:';:•*••••:•;. f".- ---'' - - ~ „ . __-5- 7 ,---:-'-----7,=-',5-.T.'*.t. • Ne ."**. ',.' .''',4, ?K:::::::::::::::,:::::::::.:A. 4.4=g4.;, ..-.-;i::iifE• ,i,:;iiA, „......,_______:,-,-;:.1,7:-.....e,-,--=`.. - ~.- ::: .::ff.,::14,..43:;:),.‘ ;.,,,,,:-.ir.-..:,..,::;,, .:i.iii.,--,. 7--- -----7---_-.7.-_—_----____..-.:7:'- •,:•„, :•.'... -....15;':!*/:;'.: •:•.•:::!:::::• . ..-„,...-.. .... •.:.":•., , • kii:iiili:. -44i...' ,::;I,f ..........I':';'... ....,.:P.l : ,tll. 'I, ...:;:::;,c.i..... 1... , '''''':.L'..l. 'ii:•i'.:;:::::. . .1. k , ....::::,..ky.tu:N,:::?.'::. ~ ~,,,,,,.,;.., .:,.:,1,-....;,,z.;:.FE:::::•, ...,:': ...:..g: ,:::::: ..:::.,,::. ~....--,...:::.::.,,,, .-.....,.;Ave,....,...,y.... ~ \.::, • . ~....' ...P.'•Wi.,•:*:.......,-...•::":,::::::::•:::.:::::•'::::i,:: ~....\\*#1.!:0.1... gfw.;:41„,:if.,:,::,-,:z.-z ..--. ....-,.. -.:.---: - ...., --.....4N--.. --....-Ail ..,-- ;i:.,...k0 ....•.:,: ... . , ........ ~........... 5,:t.,..- ~.,,,,-.. : - ..... - ...;...;::...:,...-4.4:::,,N.,..,.,..,..), . A.- . .....:.:,......,,,.....---::,..... ',.......::i1ti,.....',---- Z.„ 11"......-:::. ',..,...,:•........*::*.-::....:'i..,:.i:::,i,".:?i,;3.''''',:.•....,..:::::.„.e ..... ...::::1.-..i::.;:.•...:.:---.5.,-. "t:' ' . ' •".........-:........:.e.,C., ."71'.'...';...::::::.,:.....*:..:-.....:010e.4.0.4 .::;;::.:;fr ~ ~:-..! ~ k. , ,_......,„...,.::::::„.... ~,. ....:.............: ....„?.„....,.:::,..ix.,„...::,..:N\5‘. /y. ...6:::::......::::. ..„...s. ..301:04.4::::„.:.....:::.,.....,,• .--, -, .".„. • .:\......::::::,...::: :::::::,,.1,,,:::„::5.,:....:.,.....::.....::::„...„....,,:,•.::,.:.....-... ~ ...,.:,:,.... :.....„.......:,..... , -....„:„..0:,..a..,.....z.„....,,,,,,,. .. . ................::::v5.,..":,;-.......A.::::,....4.,:„.:.........:„..........„,.::.:(. „ ~q. ..b.:.:••••'..- r7..\:. t0........:Ax.„..?....eg.::3*::„..1.:.:::%t-.%.:•:::.::,:-..- . , ~,,,L,. 1.:;$ .',5...f.„.., ••• •-•,,c7-:,..!.."...Y., •;,,.-..'.•••••"lcii.---- _ "‘t. N;::::::::•... .. •'-'l, ~,si , ',....::::.-.:.:,.....•:::•,., . •7 .''''i",,,,,,,liP•iTrA,7,..‘ ":"... ...::::'...ik' :.=.1.1-.:•"•:,:.:'."3 !. '--- ' - i e:.:111)'?`i :;''Y' ....•• ...!, . .....;'•:-'::?:::--7.4.::. ''...,',-‘,,i'•i';',.'s •,.. , :.$•,,, ' ,-Z,-,-...- '''' ;3.i.'1,-...-'....t). '`.:".',;.; '.1...3.-1-!:.---.!.-1,;":7-,11A--..;-'::: ..::::,' 4 :.,•i-,:st.---:,,•:,:-:::,-: , ~.::•.:::::::,.k\-z-'-----:-_,--:••• ~.::-:•,-.-"..--,--,t,.:-----7.-,•••,..--:-__,__.'-'-`--; - - r;:44:* - -41, ~:.,,, „. ... '.......:::::::..,...,, --:-..-----------„z•...-.-•,-,:,•.;/,,,,...,,..-.4--;,,---:-.--,74,- -.%5e,,' :-..',,, ;:::;•iii::-...- :..":::::::::.:::::--.4., N-,-;,7,,.,,...,:...4.:::::::::-..--,4:!:rk „*!::141 f :III: ,:::- . • :•,,::::::./ ;,....•:::::::-....:.---..:::::n --:,-.:i:,:',-,::,-....:' ' -,:.,,,.'0'3,' ''''',' ~',1::...':".11..,t,;,.........: ' ' N ',.:.....-;',,.,. ~' V.. ~o,r:, ik;' : .!' ;:: , : ti;••::ci.:1" .......::':•: • ‘ : :1:::: ::'s•• •'•• ' • • -1: &."...'"''L - s \::Y-it-''...'-. ' !.`'.....'... -.-......::: ' V:..k. .'.....:-..:::'......::::::::::::::....:::5i0....!7.4g-_,.____=4.);.:._.,‘„:::....-.....-.......:1ik- '.....r.::::::::::: ---2.,_ a, ~.',.•:.....,..§k,..-: ..,:-......:..............*:.,......:::..-...i..5.......:7:::::: .:',.::::::::..: .;.: . : '':'...' 's-:,,*,----:::.:..:::::::::: '-:-.7-'..5,-.... ',:,•:•::::.::::::::% •.'•:,i; ,-:'-4,-.•--.'4•1:: .:•:.* . . 'N'''*'',l4;2.-.-:-:1'-";:::;*".:::::.';:::.:::,- vf;:-//- _ , , ,t• •-- ~2. _ .. . - , ,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON AND NORTFI-WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY AND A SANKEY FARMER,.

AN INTERESTING LEVEL-CROSSING DISPUFE

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday morning, Morse the Mayor (A.lderman Wright)and other maistrates, Benjamin Grimshaw, Gatownth Farm, S aikey Bridge!, was summoned for omitting to close a level crossing gate near Svikey Bridges Station, aftAr pmsirli through it on MAren 22ad.—Mr. Fenla pros- cute on on banalf of th London ad North-Westarn Hilt- war, Company, and Mr. W.fi.J..Platrins appeared for the defendant.

Mr. Feana said the Crossing ia question was beyond all doubt a level crosiinz for the use of owners or ccm- piers of the adjoining lani. That had been the girl ,ct of controar3rsy. since 1595, when Mr. Grirnshaw was seen, and negotiations were eatered upon as to keeping tc the gates clod for the safety of the public. Mr Griro- show then promised to campy w,th their request. Cor- respondence had gone on IR.teiy wirli Mr.Grin3shaw,and he had been asked to keep the gate; el )sed,lvc tine if a drove or sheep or cattle got on the line the consequences might be serious. The Railway Company had not the slightest foeling against the defeniant,but he must com- ply with the law. It was a rare nceurranc, for farm.rs to refuse to comply. Having regard to what had takm piano and the defiant attitude of Mr. Grimshaw, the company had to Stlellllloll him, though they regr.t`fdd having i.e do so. On M trail 22a1 a sped al °Meer was sent to watch the crossing in question, as on numerons occasions the gat ,a had been left open. At 6.33 p.m. that day. the defendant was seen to go aeross with a pony and c:rt from the main road side. IF the tats on that side was left open'tn7thing from the public rod could get acriss. Defendant loft that cite open, and the offiler followed him to his farm. Dtf,mdant told him thtt he left the gate opal bectuso he was eoing back again very soon. Toe road was an occupation road. _ _ _

_ John Howells, detwtive officer of the Loodon and North-Wea:.enn Railway Cot-Eleatic, said he was on clait7 on the 22 id March at Sankey Bridge.; lewd crosaing. At 6 33 p.m. he saw defendant open the c7oasing gates and drive over with a pony and milk float. Be 'hut the gate nearE.s.t. to his houle, but left the one near the real open. Wituiesa drew the attention of Sinnalman MaSs^7 to it. an A than Out the gate and t,4llowAd defen;!ant in his farm. lie said to him " I have called to see you about leaving Mica far crossing gate open." Defendant r-plied " Yea! I have just come over. and I was vim, bank again in a few minut-a." Witneas told him he knew he should have closed the gate as soon as he had passed through it, and defendant then raid" I have my own prverty to see to and not the railway company's" D-fendant got excited, and sail "Go cm with tour sum- moning ; you have heel trying to catch he for a good Witness replied that he had not, and the de- fendant.said the company had. They tpth went to the crossing', and defendant said ha thnu.Tht he toachel the ea'n and toe wind would blow it to. Witness told him the gate was wile open. Defendant said the gate would cot shut oreptlrly, and added that the cnmeany .-0111 aunvuon him and he wonld fight it nut in erupt Oa the gate there wag a notiee of the Railways Ant, 1845. to the pff-ct that if ne gate was omitted En he 41nt thn Off4:nlPr would be liab'e to a penalty of 40s.—Bv Mr. .Vaakin, : D •f-ti hat ea.id tfmlho3 the gate an .I hn thought the wind wou'd blow it to, but there was not much wind on the day in qaestinn. He did no hn.nw that Mr. Grimshaw complained about thf3gate not being in order.

Fie ierick MassAy. ibiznatrnin at F.l%nlr"v Brictzeg Station, statPri thlt Mr. Howelia &lerl hig at'eteion to tie on vatg afrpr dt.Enndant ha q crrAß'd _

_ . By Mr, Jrinkini : lie hal neve.. once seen Ur. Grim- chage leay. thP gate opel tvforo. Mr. J•zoki:43 oOvrvei tb.tthe gate was not in proper order.

Mr. Fenna, said he will rhal!enr that Rita temen'„ Wderman Roberts : Wnere des •you? client lose his liat,i!ity, Mr. Jenkirs ? Mr. Jonkins : mist elw trio gate after him, hut, I will prwe that defendant ,I)of,d tht. g3t:e. The wind blows It open after closing. h.q.:suss it is in a bad con dition.

Alcierrnsin 11,12orts T have newr seen a London and North-Weatern Railway gate hl3wn open after it has once been clod. }leery M-D )ug‘ll Stones, Af the Superintendent's offic,, Lime-street, Liverpool, said the matter betwem Mr. Grinashaw and the company was placed in his hancl4. In consrquene, OF oompAinrs reelv.d *bon the giVe. ho s t defen I tnt on Dece:nner 9th kat, an

===== 0002601_18990519_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR RECORD OUTPUT

has been made durin4 the last six months. Yee. during the last half-year, we hwe sold more tea than we ever sod In tnV oth htlf-vQar throughout all our nine-and-twenty yeas of trtding.

Twenty-nlne years' goo t eh &meter ; and most good work duritvz the last htlf-yetr : hAt betler proofs cou!d there possibly be of good servlee to The People?

===== 0002601_18990519_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Brooke, Bonds' Tea

Soli by 30,0)0 Agents Prices: 1/4, 1/8, & 2/- a lb.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BM &Co.!

LIMITED,

Tex March tots by Ao :OilIt1:0811L. to The People; nu,: LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES : 17, PICCADILLY. AND 12 & 14. LONG 3tl L LATE, 14A.NOMPTIllt AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON

===== 0002601_18990519_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'• ," •

===== 0002601_18990519_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " Crammer" Otries

Of LANC4BITIE AND CRESHIRR COUNTY NEWSPTPERS: Comprises r-T \HE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earle.roton and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday attarnoon. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning,

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE lari, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR 5 ALE. BY PRITATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. If 0 UEIES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. Three Six

One

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 4.5 Is 64 ... 35 84 ... 6. Od

===== 0002601_18990519_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
En=sttr OtrbantsS,

WANTED a GHNERLL.—Hawthorn House, Coppull, Chorley.

CI OOD COORS and GRNEIt ALS —Mrs. GLOVER'S Registry A. 3 Offi^e, 73, Bridge-road, Litherland.

WANTHD, a good sliaV tNT ; references required.— Apply Mrs DAwSost, 29 Friargatl, Preston.

WANTED, good GRNERAL Servant; give references.— Address Mrs. J HULSE, Deanrlw. Wilmslow.

WANTRD good GRNIMAL SICRVANT, with character; Protestant —Apply HARTLEY. 25, Carr-road, Nelson,

Q(7 ANTRD, atoTlce,Goot GRNRRAL SR tiVANT, used to public—Apply GARDNER, Dog Inn, Cowhill, Old. barn.

WANTBD, situation as CARRIAGB-GROOM ; first-class V v.. references; age 19.--C. B. WALKER, Staindrop.

Darlington

WAINTItD, HOUSEMAID. also experienced girl as Cook- Generßl, Protestant—'• THE LAurtEm," Crosby-road, Seaforth, Liverpool

WANTHD Hxperieneed Gener4.l SERVANT about 20 t) 25, good wagis.-31r3. STOKER, 13. Fleet-street, Pem- berton, near Wigan.

V RD. a respectable GIRL. as General Servant; must be clean ; light duties.—Apply 112. CECIL-STREET, Greenheyrs. Manchester.

WIC ANTRO, lIS—FUL HELP, or GBNERA.L. with good character; wages etc., on application.—Mrs. FOSTER. 21, Wdior-street,

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT ; about 18; references required.—address at once MrS.METCILFE, 23, Queen square Blackpool.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, small family; cook and small wasb.—Apply SiNcwart, 84, Orrell- road, P,mberton. near Wigan.

WANTRD, COOK AND 110UbEMAID, young; must hAve good references.—Apply between four and seven to 64, PARK ROAD, Seuthport.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL. youbg ; other hip kept ; good wages ; washing put out small family.—Mrs. LYNES, Gillmoor, Stalytriege.

WANTED, NURSE GIRL and to assist in light house, work age about lb MAXWELL 20,BkookrIELD ATICIIITE Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

yvANTED, respectable GIRL as General able to wash. starch And iron ; three in farnily,good wages,—Apply 265. DERBY-ROAD, Bootle, Liverpool.

WANTBD, young General SERVANT; comfortable borne; no children. Address gm BRADBURY, 29, Chorley New-road, Bolton. Lancashire.

WANTED, immediately. good GENERAL for small family able to do plain coking; wages El per month. —Apply '' ASHTON," Maelgwyn-road, Llandudno.

R,. SMITH'S Registry. 3. Trinity-buildings. Llan- dudno (established twelve yeare).—Cooks, Generals and Housemaid Waitresses wanted at once ; fare paid.

yRS. HALL 28, Handfield-road, Waterloo near Liverpool. I Select Servants Agency.—WANTED at once, Generals, Boy.sekeeper, and Cook.

IVABXED immediately, COOK. Family of seven; ousemaid ad Waitress kept; no washing; wages 21.—Mrs. Wear:Arm Robnacre. Park-crescent, Southport

wANTED, smart ycong GIRX, as a Clex;teral Servant, good home and no washing; wagga' 33' 6d per week ; good references indispensable.—Apply 16, gamait-1174144, [jvvr- , • • pool.

WAiiiiCl) SITUATION AS 00A0FISIAN. aingle-hAraid ride, drive ugle or pair, age 22, height 51t. good referenol,-11 AWING, ghapel tiouae, ewby Bridge, Inventor].

NeSna. tonioOßß:riVriSts' Bfiuriatecit-CidaasefiivD.OarMe4lCtlTnlteCresr yCoYu EN,rge' country girl 3.-10 "-BTREFT, Princes Avenue, j,iyerpool, Stamped addressed envelope for rePLY.

trridi). (11115fRR AT, ..•-• • •• UFO. - , awe to When ; two its family ASHTON OLD-ROAD. Openshaw, Manchettzr. ,

IRS ADI can get suited with good servants by applying to VENNON'd Registry Oft le. 9, High-street, Crewe, Cheshire.

WANTED. COOK-GENERAL ' • one cow ; man milks and churns; two other servants kept.—Apply Mrs. Clitlins, Coton Hill House, Shrewsbury.

S— ERVANTS (No Booking Fee) of all classes write or call. Hotel and Private Servants waiting engagements. Good Wages.—EXPRE9S EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 39, Hvwarth- street, Longsight, Manchester.

mALE and' URSES INtaITUTION, 70, Hope- street Liverpool.—Hatabli shed 1873.—F0r reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegrlph.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTED GOOD COOKS AND GENERALS. YOUNG GIRLS, As NURSES OR LIGHT-GENERALS AT LIBERTY Now. MARROW'S REGISTRY, FOR RESPEOTABLE SERVANTS, 1341 MARKET STREET, EARL ESTOWN.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo be Eft.

PBNKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s. ed. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSIIOP, ground floor, rent

£lO. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. PENKETH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 25, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s 3d per week. 65, HOWLEY LANE. rent 5s per week. 15, GEE STREET. rent 4s per week. 79, WELLFIELD STREET. rent 4s 6d. per week.l Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was, rington. Telephone—No 55. Ti-10 LET.— 61,1. RIESTLEY-brREET,WARRINGTON.ROOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. Lowß, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treat. Warrington.

-- TllO LET.—HOUSH No. 6, Acsderny-street.—Apply Woons .1 & SON, Solicitors, 55. Horsensarliet-street, Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE, rents 43. Apply WOODS A SON. solicitors. liorsemarket-st., ,Warrlng-

910 LET.—LARGE ROOM. erford-street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. -- --- IC° LET, SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-st., 1 rent £l3.—Apply Woons & SON, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

PREMISRS suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrinitton.

tIOLBORNE. SHOP TO LET, best position; suitable for any light trade ; rent £l6.—Apply 49, High-street, Golborne.

A CORNER SHOP to let. suitable for Butcher. Draper, or -La- Greengrocer ; corner of Longford-street and Earl- street. Bathroom &c.—Apply FURNESS, LTD., Warrington.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. The Watch Committee of the Council of the Borough of Vifarrington invite TENDERS for the erection and com- pletion of New Police Buildings and Constabulary Offices in Wilson Patten and other streets. Warringron. according to plans and specifications prepared by R. Burns Dick, Esq , Architect. 55, Northumberland-street, Newcastle-on-Tyne. The plans and specifications can be seen at the office of the Borough Engineer and Surveyor, Town Hall, Warrington, on the 23rd and until tha 30th May, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p m. • During the period copies of the quantities can be obtained, upon the payment of Two Guineas for each copy, which sum will toe returned in full on the receipt ot a bona fide tender. The Architect will be in attendance at the Town Hall, on THURSDAY, the Ist day of JUNE. from 10 to 4, to offer any explanation that may be required. Tenders (which will be received only on the printed forms), endorsed " Tender for New Police Buildings, Ac.", are to be delivered at my office, Town Hall, on or before Thursday, the 15th June.

J. LYON WHIT rLE, Town Clerk.

Town Hall, Warrington, 12th May, 1899.

111DLACKPOOL.-00ATES' BOARDING HOUSH facing _JO sea, 5. 6d. per day. Public znd private APAItT- -3111NTS. Terms low.--23, WELLINGTON TERRACE, Promenade.

HOP TO BE DISPOSED OF, through sickness ; Pro' 1.3 visions, ruilk, sweets.—Apply 1080 RENSHAW-BTREET, liulnie.

011anteb.

Ogg, Voultrp, &r.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. Liberal Commission—Box 31., Post Office, Liverpool.

tIOULTRY grit, shell or float, 5s cwt. 35., half cwt. car- riage paid.— PoULTRY GRIT 03., Grimsby.

,talts bp pribatt Ereatp.

THE EX A Nit INT 4. FRI DAY, MAY 19, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Mono.

Alarbinern, M.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE.

WARRINGTON CRICKET AND BOWLING CLUB.-OPEN AIR FIITIC AND BAZAAR.

TO BE HELD ON THE CRICKET GROUND. ARPLEY, JUNE, 2nd AND 3rd, 1899. Cycling Oymkana Sports on the battirday.

1 S. WSEKLY will secure BICYCLE; stamped envelope.— EUSTACE, Invercrombie, Gnnnersbury. riOFFER (Pure). 14!b Canister 10s.6d.Write for Goods list. CEYLON CO 4. Guildhall Chambers.

LADY' S large Switch Kea. HAlti, 2s 6d post free, mention coIour.—GIRLING, Seotholrne, Nottingham.

LILAbTIC STOCKINGS, 3s. 114. per pair; postage 2d.- I'A COLTMAN'S STORKS 9, Sussex-street, Middlesborugh.

BOILER FLUID Rernmington's. Forest Gate. Removes incrustation, prevents primage, no acid ; used 53 years.

-VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD SEND

3 STAMPS FOR ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. SIMPLE, SAFE, RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE.

MADAME FARL EIGH, 160, HACKNEY ROAD,LONDON, N.E.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

..nnUFFERING from Ner-ous and Physical Debility kJ should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements my be successfully treht,d without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. 6en retied, post free. Address— E. NORTON, 59, 1 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O listaolished 30 Isers.l,

BLACK POOL.—llawarden House. 10. Lowrey Terrace. Lytham-road.--Very clean comfortable APARTMENTS; terms re.aonable.

WLLHBLI, North Wales, (The Manor South Beach), Board or Apartmentg, facing sea, moderate terms, highest reference, Mrs. HUGHES.

BARMOUTH —Furnished House; three reception, live bedrooms ; terms moderate ; sea view; seven minutes church. Miss HOLLAND. Holyrood.

Otorko, 13u5tne550, cu.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
effttstcal instrumtit,s.

Vubltratfons.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS.

T HAVE—a Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOOD 3, I_ passed out of Service for ether patterns s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 61t by 31t Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large. Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs, 41bs. weight. 31t by 6ft Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 46in by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletholes, 46in by 42in 't 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 251 t long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean. White Linen Fed Sheets, lift by sft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, is per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J Glassox, Governmeat Contractor, Rye.

.7aitsljpguriton.

*?ntelq. PviiroO, toarbmg 05tab.

y LANDUDNO.—Boarding Beablishment near Post Office JLJ and Pier. Home Comforts. Moderate terms.—Miss WILLIAMS The Lindens, Church Walks.

emits,

CYCLISTS! NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR MACHINES E NAM E LLE PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT TAKE THEM AT ONCE TO FRANK HOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER,

WARORAVE ROAD, EtRLESTOWN

TEE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving careful and Prompt Attentiou to the wants of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good work of every kind—frem the smallest typegraphic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are btrictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of busintris men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— even at" the lowest tender."

4EXAMINER STEAM PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, • WARRINGTON. GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, Executed with Neatness and Despatch. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING F 9R PUBLIC COXIPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS,, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTU RERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRIN TING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES., PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN', Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lista, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls, &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets anti Books,Note Headings,Memorandums,Virork Notes,Riit Eieschi, Business Visiting and Mourning Circle, Efandnil.s, &a. Solicitors, Merchinte, Manufacturers,Tradesmen, and others, requiring Printing of any description are requested to gin) * ria L

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE "LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Single Sheet 51t. 3in. br3ft. Sin. TICE LARGEST ITT THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRB PLACARD may be formed by jolnlnlC number of the " LEVIATHAN " SHEETS.

EEIOPES 2s. F 3 R 1.1000.

JOHN WALKER, AND CO. A.RTI9TI.O PRINTERS-

PI In, Ulf --.....

I (1

===== 0002601_18990519_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a

===== 0002601_18990519_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX kA4 IN ER,

MAY Ith 1899.

THE condition of affairs in the Affairs in the Transvaal is calculated to cause Transvaal. uneasiness in this country. We need not believe too implicitly the latest account of a conspiracy in Johannesburg and the discovery of a roll of two thousand persons willing to fight against the South African Government in the in- terests of the Outlanders. Doubts upon such a Point are sure to remain until they are dispelled by much better information than any which has yet come to hand. The idea that there were British officers from Natal who were exploring or ' filibustering at sollanuesburg may be dismissed without a moment's hesitation. The men were residents, and they seem to have been betrayed by a spy, who may very well have got up the whole affair, in accordance with tactics with which the secret police are familiar in most countries. To create a conspiracy in order to denounce it is a favourite plan, and as this so-called consr- rae y has been known for tour months we may be warranted in suspecting that the whole affair is what is vulgarly known as a "put-up job." Presiden t KRUGER himself may not have been privy to it. Nevcrtbele.s. it is suspiciuns that at a time when the Giatlar..aers were remonstrating by petition, and diplomacy waslactive, some notion of an out- break was being stimulated in the centre of dis- content. Fuller information may modify these ll4nions, and remove all doubt as to the honour- ale intentions of the Transvaal officials. The situation is still one of considerable seriousness. The Government has made a good many promises 'Without carrying any of them out. The Out- landers are as badly off as ever they were. Mr CHAMBERLAIN'S intervention has done them no good. His scheme of Home Rule has been re- garded with ill-concealed disdain. The conduct of President KRUGER has been callous and almost contemptuous. The dynamite concession, which is alleged to be a breach of the Conventi@n, will probably be revised. Beyond that we cannot see much hope. There is, indeed,a project for a meet- ing between Sir ALFRED MILNER and Presi- dent KRUGER in the Orange Free State in which the idea first assumed a practi- cal shape. Our Government is quite in favour of it, as it ought to be, without having rushed to the conclusion that the negotiating

parties can settle anything by a miscellaneous

_ chat. If there is to be a serious conference, we desire to know upon what programme it is going to be held. What are the proposals upon which President KRUGER is willing to discuss a change in the situation? As the concession will have to came from his side he must make some offer,define Some proposals, or indicate what is to be the basis of the conference. As soon as he has done this, if the terms are such as offer a reasonable hope of acceptance, the conference may be held, and it ought to be of service in bringing a disagreeable and embarrassing situation to a close. Public feeling in this country is in that curious condition in which it can be easily and deeply excited, and might push the Government into grave declara- tions. The end of any tightening of the tension Would be military operations, and it is for Presi- dent KRUGER to make such operations needless by Some timely concessions.

THE Southport election is Protestant regarded as being likely to Signals. exhibit some signals indica- tive of the true feelings of Lancashire, whose Pro- testantism has hitherto been undoubted. There is some stir in the place already, and votes will be east with little regard to anything but the ques- tion now uppermost in men's minds. Lord TIALIFAx is looking forward to the time when the Church shall be supreme in her own affairs, deter- mining doctrine, ritual, and discipline, but retain- ing existing endowments. He claims that tha tnion has been doing splendid work in that direction, and is likely to persist in it until the final triumph is reached. Other persons cannot admit that this kind of freedom will ever be reached without disestablishment and disendow- ruent. Freedom not to be Protestant cannot, we imagine, be obtained in any other way. The hint he has dropped of what the Church Union and the Ritualists intend is a signal for Protestants that they must make up

their minds to two points. Either the Church will have to be internally reformeil upon lines of moderation and oned.nce to the law, or it will have to be disestablislied. The more the difficulties in the way of the former are increased —and they are increashig in several ways—the more we shall be shut up to the latter, as the natural logical and -righteous alternative. The Southport contest seems to be turning upon ecclesiastical politics, Lancashire as a whole is undoubtedly Protestant. It went wrong politi- cally on the point when Mr. GLADSTONE proposed to disestablish the Irish Church. Seat after seat was lost to Om Liberal party because the Lanca shire Protestants feared that permanent injury to the Reformed faith would ensue. It was a mis- take, no doubt, but it has never been repented of, though events have shewn that no danger has occurred, and that the advance of semi-Romanism has been increased by the Conservative legislation of 1674, in favour of which Lancashire M.P.'s were so enthusiastic. The apathy and sympathy of the English Bishops have done ten times more injury to English Protestantism than was ever done by Church disestablishment in Ireland. The admission of this fact is being cheerful:y made at the present moment. It is another Protestant signal of what is coming on. In Southport there ought to be sane strong movement against 7Ritualism, and there is evidence of it already. The Liberal candidate seems likely to have the votes of Protestant clergy and laity, apart from any other matters, because Sir GEORGE PILKING- TOW is sound, and favours legislation, if necessary, to improve the present condition of affairs. As Punch makes it •clear, an apathetic sheep-dog is not of much use. The Bishops cannot do all that is expected of them by those persons who have profited by the inactivity of the Bishops in the past, much less by the active, energetic Protes- tants who desire to see real and not subtle and reserving, obedience in the future. Too much is expected, and there is sure to be corresponding distrust and disappointment. Sonthport election ought to be a danger signal to the Government, as well as to the country at large.

It might have been thought that a Government which has undertaken to play providence to trade could hardly leave office without in some way modifying the glaring deficiencies of the Patent Office; but there is no evidence that any attempt in that direction is to be made. The condition of the law in reference to patents is a public scandal, and the worst of it is that one must charge all Governments, without distinction, with having evaded their responsibility in this matter. What can be said for a system under which a patent is granted and fees are received,and yet no certainty exists that the patent is a patent at all P The authorities at the Patent Office make no examina- tion of records. They simply extort a fee. The aver- age man might then naturally imagine that he had secured immunity on all sides; but in too many instances it is shewn that he has thrown his money away, and he has exposed himself to vexa- tious legal proceedings, and the possibility of be- ing cast in heavy damages into the bargain. Tao patent agents will certainly make an examination of the records—for a large pecuniary consideration —but their opinions are in conclusive. What is wanted is a guarantee from the Patent Office that when a patent has been ("ranted by a mistake, and in ignorance of the fact that a similar patent has previously been granted elsewhere, all fees shall be returned to the owner of the second patent, and he shall be protected from the legal consequences of the error. Such a guarantee would create con- fidence. It is practically given in America. The result is that thousands of British inventors take their schemes to the United States, where they are quickly put into practice, and thus that coun- try is enabled to steal a march upon British manu- facturers, and make inroads into national trade.

Public opinion has conquered—as it was bound to do eventually—and of the two Sabbath-break- ing newspaper proprietors one caved in on Wed- nesday morning, when Mr. Alfred Harmsworth announced the withdrawal of "The Sunday Daily Mail" as a "frank concession to the religictis eling of the public." A similar " concession " on the part of the " Snnday Daily Telegraph" proprietors is necessary before the "None )nformist conscience" will be fully ap- peased. The " Telegraph " people were the prime MOW rs in this innovation which has aroused such widespread antipathy and opposition ; it would have become thorn better had they been the first to acknow- ledge the error of their ways, but their apology for r intruding on the sacredness of the day of rest,must, we believe, come sooner or later. Strong as they are, these newspapers cannot fight against the pub- lic to whom they owe their sustenance. The out- cry which has been raised, and its sequel,are strong testimonies to the sterling worth of the British character, and however much it may be said to have deteriorated we have here ample proof that its quality is still high—higher by far than that of any other nation. It would be interesting to know, by the way, whether the venture bore evi- dences of success as a speculation, or whether the systematic boycotting of the Sunday paper has made its withdrawal a business expediency.

The ebullition of loyalty and aftection towards Her Majesty when at . South Kensington this week was as striking as it was real. Our vener- able and honoured Queen dees not now appear so often in public, and the enthusiasm every- where manifested when she does emerge from her necessary retirement and rest is intense. It falls to the lot of few Sovereigns to win the love of all the subjects of the realm, and Queen Victoria is a striking exception to the generality of rulers in the homage and loyalty which has always been paid her. As years roll on, and her long reign distances all records more and more, so does the concern of the people for their venerable lady's welfare increase, and it is with willingness that they grant her the indul- gence of seldom appearing at public functions how- ever much they may desire the opportunity of welcoming her warmlyand cheering her enthusias- tically.

We have made a rather curious literary find, or rather, we should say, we have found that a certain catch phrase—not a classical expression, but a natural one—in very common use lately, ori- ginally came from the mouth of one of Dickens' characters. Few people, we believe. know from whence the expression" Let e'm all come " origin- ally came. Has it really had any origin wnrthy of note, or has it made its appearance spasmodically? Did it,for instance, make its debut on a music hall stage as the inspiration (?) of a moment? These questions are easy to ask but not easy to answer. However, our readers can verify the fol- lowing for themselves by referring to the pages of "Pickwick Papers." When Mr. Pickwick con- templated engaging Sam as his servant, he asked Mrs. Bardell if, what was good enough to keep one would not suffice for two,and the good woman thought he was proposing to her. The succeed- ing conversation between them only served to make the misunderstanding on the lady's part more complete, and in answer to a remark of Mr. Pickwick's, Mrs. Bardell, with the exclamation "Oh ! you kind, playful dear," flung her arms round his neck and burst into tears. Mr. Pickwick expressed his astonishment at this action and the words, and said,: "Bless my soul! Mrs. Bardell, my good woman—dear me, what a situation—pray consider—Mrs. Bardell—don't—if anybody should come—and it was then Mrs. Bar dell exclaimed frantically "Oh, let e'm all come." Is this the true source of the expression one hears so frequently or is it merely a coincidence ?

We have become accustomed to the phrase that we are a " right little, tight little island," bet it is questionable whether we have fully realised the degree of tightness which exists in London. In a

===== 0002601_18990519_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TIM EXAMINER, FRIDAY MAT 19, 1899. RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

strikineseries of articles upon, the overcrowding of London which have been contributed by Mr. George Haw, to the "Daily News "the veil has been lifted somewhat, and w are the better able to appreciate the difficulties of the seething mass of people in the Capital to fild a place to shelter in. Here is a sad picture of what is taking place in the Inner Bolt, lying between the City and the suburbs:—"Houses and tenements and one roomed houses have been divide I and sub-dlvided till now it has come to pass that the veky beds are let oft at so much rent. It is becoming common for night- workers, such as bakers and watchmen, to rent a be. to sleep in during the day from people already living in an overcrowded state who occupy the bed at night. Among soine families in Spitalfields the beds are rented on the eight hour principle,having three different sets of sleepers every twenty-four hours." It would be interesting to know whether these are advertised on the familiar card so often displayed in lodging-houses "Well aired beds." Cases of overcrowding have been reported in Warrington, but the evil is as no- thing compared with what is daily taking ' place in London. At the last census there were three thousand people living eight or more in a room, over nine thousand living seven or more in a room, and at the lowest twenty-six thousand are living six or more in a room. It is not surprising to learn that this overcrowding causes loss of home life, immorality, drunkenness, debility, consumption, disease, and unnecessary deaths, or that it debases the boys and ruins the girls. Such a painful state of things is a sad com- mentary on our inability to cope successfully with the ever-increasing difficulty of the aggregation of our people in huge centres.

It is indeed strange that the responses to the majority of appeals for subscriptions in aid of a Gladstone memorial in various towns and cities have been so poor. No man was ever more de- serving of having his name honoured and his memory kept green than Mr.Gladstone,and we are convinced that nine cut of every ten persons would frankly admit this. Yet they are phenorninally slow in giving practical testimony to their appre- ciation of the dead statesman. Even Liverpool, with its reputation for generosity and the high honnur it acquires through Mr. Gladstone, in that he was born in the port, has been very tight-pocketed over its Gladstone memorial, and though the fund closes on Saturday only sufficient has been contributed to provide for a decent statue. A much more ambitious memorial scheme was originally formulated, and it will be the greatest of pities and a lasting reflection on the opulent citizens of the Grand Old Mm's birth- place, if it has to be greatly cut dowa owing to paucity of subscriptions. We hope the Liver- pudlians will rally during the coming week and see that a memorial is raised which will do honour to him whom it commemorates, and to the city which claims him a% her most illustrious son.

There is much to be said for the contention of the "Times of India" that the campaign against foreign seamen in the British mercantile marine should not be pressed with special severity against the Lascar. Apparently, Indian opinion has put an unfavourable construction upon recent developments of the manning question, and we are reminded that under the British flag all the Queen's subjects are supposed, so far as possible, to have a claim for equal treatment,irrespeetive of colour or creed. Unfortunately, the Indian pub- licists do not attempt to deal with that part of the problem which most closely interests the ocean traveller. Lasear seamen, while ousting British labour from British ships,do not create the same confidence among the passengets. At critical moments they ureak away from discipline, and in- crease both the confusion and the danger for all concerned. There may be no worthier community among the Indian races than these marines,and it is certain some of them must always be employed in vessels that ply between temperate and torrid latitudes ; but there are serious arguments against the policy of shipping them wholesale. If they are permitted to undersell British seamen, there is no longer that equality of treatment for which Indian public opinion clamours.

DEPARTURE GS A SCHOOL TEACHER.

We understand that Miss Watt, the aszistant teacher at th 3 Victoria-road Board Schools is about to leave for Bradford. Miss Watts is a universal favourite amongst boLh teaching staff and pupils. She leaves witn the heartfelt good wishes of all 11r friends. BRUNNER, MOND AND CO.—ANOTHER SPLENDID DIVIDEND.

On Monday afternoou a meeting of the directors of Brunner, Mond and Co. was held at Winnintoa Hall, Norclawich. The chair was occupied by John T.Bruimer, Bart., M.P. After an examination of the accounts they declared a dividend of 30 pr mit. for the year, and re- commendel the carrying forward to the restrve fund of £111,225. This is five per cent. a Ivan .e on the divi- dead paid in the previous year, and £30,000 more added to the reserve fund than in the comspanding twelve months.

ACCIDENT TO A DRIVER.

Abeet five o'clock oca Monday atternoon a man named H. Gihson, of Bridgewater-street, met with a serious accident. It appears he was employed as a carter by the Manchester Ship Canal Company (Bridgewater Undertaking), and whilst driving a h)rse between Wes- ton and Weston-Point he either fell or was knocked dawn by the horse. In passing over the man's bxly the horse kicked him in the uead, causing a large gash. He was conveyed home on a stretcher by a numbi_r of men, and is now reported to be progressing favourably.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES,

tBY A CORRESPONDENT ] It is evident that there exists dissatisfaction in some quarters when we see three persons nominated for the post of secretary DO the Football Club. It is certainly a post of honour—if not the post of honour —and requires for the discharge of its duties more than a narrow officialism, that cannot expand to meet all the requiremcints and exigencies which ac- compsny the management f a football club. The successful secretary must have the " bel esprit of Napoleon and the patience of a Job " before he can hope to please everyone.

The tlaree names submitted will be : Messrs. J. FCllisou (the retiring secretary), Alfred Abel,and W. Jones. As things appear at present, in certain quarters a change from the old order is being ad- vocated. But from what I have seen of Mr. J. Ellison, if be is not the beau ideal he is certainly a painstaking secretary. The real difficulty of the " opposition" will be to get the other men to stand; but if they do Mr. Ellison may suffer defeat from the " progressive " party. As all are highly capable men, luckily the choice can- not greatly affect the status of the club.

The unopposed re-electioa of the 'ovular presi- dont Mr. P. Speakman, C.C., and the treasurer, Mr. C. Pownall, show how firmly the affections of the club members are wound around those names. The ,other nominations are eminently satisfactory and however the polling results good and true men will be secured for the executive.

The meeting of the Halton Parish Council, on Wednesday evening was devoid of anything of public interest. Mr. Mannering presided over a small attendance.—Some controversy exists as to the trusteeship of the Halton Charities, but the official intimation from the Charity C3mmissioners to the effect that Sir Richard Brooke remains the trustee, should end it. Matters are practically as they were. It is satisfactory to be able to observe it is so; and gratifying to know that the whims of a Parish Council cannot upset what has hitherto been satisfactory.

An amusing, though sad incident was that which came before the Runcorn Bench on Wednesday and Thursday mornings. Margaret Finn prosecuted Thomas Finn for the larceny of a pair of boots valued at 43 lid. But feeling unable to conduct the prosecution unaided, she had recourse to a supply of "Dutch courage ", with the consequence that the presiding magistrate Mr. J. Ockleston ordered her to ha confined in the cells until the next day. On the morrow, however, after successfully sustaining her prosecution, the woman was herself despatched to prison for 7 days.

The Whitsuntide holidays will be observed in the usual way at Runcorn. Already all the Sunday schools have made their arrangements for the usual procession and treat. There is, however, a lament- able decrease in the number of clubs that will observe what has from time immemorial been a general annual Walking Day. The discontinuance of this feature of the local Whit-Monday observ- ances is generally regretted. On Tuesday the town will present an almost deserted appearance. For the first time the Volunteers will encamp during Whit-week. The camp will be at Blackpool, and no doubt many will avail themselves of the oppor- tunity of going to Blackpool to see the men gathered under canvas.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRISUTON.

THE BR&BAZON SCHEME.

On Tuesday afternoon at the Workhouse Infirm- ary, a tea in connection with the Brabazon Em- ployment Scheme was given. Most of the ladies who help with this work were present and also Mrs. Drummond, Miss B. Dutton, Miss Owen, Mrs. Monro, and Mr. and Mrs. Tarbuck. After the tea, which was highly appreciated, a miscellaneous .en- tertainment—singing, violin playing, recitations and conjuring—was carried on in the various wards. Miss Shaw Green, Mrs. Atkin, Mr. Sherwood and Mr. Arthur Starkey were amongst those who kindly gave their services. A BROKEN LEG FROM A FALL. _

John Gordon (36), 8, Chrimei*-yard,wAs admitWd to the Infirmary on Tuesday evening suffering from a broken leg, having: sustained the injury by fall- ing in Buttermarket-streat.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING TRAP ACCIDENT ON RUNCORN COMMON:

Mr. E. Brod •r, oyster inerenatr„ R-gent-stren;, and his brother were driving from Wi.,start on Wednesday night. Whilst they were proceeding across Heath-road, a lady cyclist passed, and the horse taking fright bolted across the rough gra Ind. The trap was overturned, and the shaft and splash board broken, and Mr. Broder and his brother were confined b -neath the overturned con- veyance. Luckily there w.s a number of persons pas- sing at the time, anl the Rev Sydney Morris, Mr. War- barton, and others soon rescued the imprisoned men. Mr E Broder, beides oes aining a sev-re shaking. suffers from a badly sprain d wrist; and his brother's face was severely scratched. The horse escaped uninjured.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
HOSPITAL EXTENSION AT WIDNES.

On Tuesday the foundation stone of the new exten- sion of the Widnes Infectious Diseases Hospital was laid by Councillor George Niel, chairman of toe Health Comnaittee,in the presence of the Mayor (Alderman Vareing) wad toe members of the Council. The new extension will provide accomoaodation for matron and nurses and also for eleven mile and eleven female patien:e. The total cost, incladiog the land, will amour t to £9,340. The Mayor presented Councillor Niel with a handsome silver trowel, appropriately inscribed, and an ebony mallet. Councillor Niel,in perfornaiog the ceremony, said when the building was completed they would be able to make provision for almoss any ordin- ary epidemic which m grit occur in the borouga. After the usual votes of tnaolcs the company drive to the fowa Hali.where they were entertained to luncheon by Councillor Niel. A RuNcoaN Mtol's ESCAPADE AT SHREWSBURY.

At the Snrewsbury Borough Police Court on Saturday James Rollason, painter, Runcorn, was brought up in custoly charged vv.th committing wilful damage to cells at the police station. Prisoner behaved in a most extra- ordinary fashions. He appeared in court with his coat tied round his shoulders, and he had a nasty viound on the side of his face. When askel to plead he refuse.d to speak, simply nodding and shaking his bead, teough the Chief Ornstsble stated that he c ould talk well enough. The evidence was that on the previous night prisoner was found lying in the street drunk, and was removed to the police station. On being placed in the cell he be- haved in the most violent manner. He pulled all the woo iwork down, and broke it to pieces, practically des- troying everything inside. Two officers went to him to rPin ova his boots, when a desperate struggle took place. He was at length overpowered and removed to another cell, where he renewed his violent conduct, tearing up his blanket and any clothing which came in his way. Prisoner was remanded. A PROMISING CAREER CUT SNORT. It is with regret that we record this week the death of Thomas klfred Millinger, the second so of Captain A. Millinger, of Trentham-street, Runcorn, who passed away on Wednesday afternoon, after a prolonged illness at the age of 22 years. A little more than three months ago he ruptured a blood vessel and suffered greatly from internal heernorrhage of the lungs, which ultimately developed into a rapid consumption and culminated in his death on Wednesday as stated. Though so young Mr. Millinger was a general favourite though- out the town ; and especially amongst the students at the Technical Institute, who greatly esteemed him. His klowledge of foreign languages was extensive, and he was reputed to be able to speak French like a native. For years he has been employed at the H.zlehurst Soapery as clerk, and his know- ledge of languages and general business cap- abilites marked him out as one who was destined to figure out a career of exceptional attainments. me regret at his untimely demise is manifest on all hands but more especially his aged parent feels his loss as irreparable. The youth of the town mourn his loss as the loss of a friend, the aged will miss his cheery word and kindly greeting and numbers silently testify to a blank that cannot be filled. With his aged father, his brothers and relatives a sympathic townsfolk mourn that a career of such promise should have been so abruptly terminated. The funeral takes place at 1.30 on Sunday next. MYSTERIOUS DROWNING CASE AT WIDNES.

On Saturday, at the Widnes Aecideut Hospital, Mr: ' S. Brighouse, eouoty coroner, held an inquest upon the body of a man unknown, who was found drowned in the Widnes and Sankey Canal on Friday.—Thomas Stokes, captain of the flat Addle, living at 7, Stoke- street, Runeora, said that he found the body in the Sankey Can ii, on Friday, about 10-30 a. m ,opposite the Alkali Works, and he sent information to the police. The body was clothed with the exception of a shoe and hat. It must have been in the water for a long time,probably about a fortnight.—P.S. Williams said they received in- formation from Stokes, that while he was unloading his boat they found the body coming from the direction of Cuerdley. With the assistance of Stokes and a man named Hill, witness and P.C. Noar removed the body to the mortuary of the hospital. The body wag that of a man about 20 years of age, height sfl 21n with brown hair, no moustache, and clothed in a black serge coat and vest, cotton shirt, grey woollen singlet (no stockinga), one" Blucher " boot fastened with a clasp, two pairs of trousers, one cord, the other striped. De- ceased appeared to be a labouring man, and had in his pocket a small black leather parse.but there was nothing to state who he was. Several persons had seen him, but had failed to identify him.—ln reply to the Coroner, witness said the body hadi not been photographed, as it was too decomposed.—A. juryman said he could not see why it should not be photographed.—The Coroner said he thought it should be photographed. He had been rather surprised to hear the first witness state the body hod been in the water a hag time. He had seen the body, and he did not share the same opinion. It had been through his representation that the C)unty Coroners had adopted the photographing of unidenti- fied bodies. It sometimes happined that bodies had been identified even months after the inquest. The Coroner promised to view the body aeaia, and give in- structions a 4 to photographing it.—The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned."

PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNIVERS&RIES AT RUNCORN

AND WIDNES.

The Runcorn Primitive aletaodis; Sunday Schools held their anniversaries on Sunday, when sermons were preached morning and evening, at the Greenway-road Chapel, by the Rev. W. Spedding, of Blackburn. In the afternoon the pu'pit was occupied by the Rev. J. Os- borne, 8.A., pastor of the Bethesda Congregational Church. The children who had been trained with pains- taking care by Mr. W. Gittens, jun., gave a good account of themselves in the musical portion of the ser- vices, a number of specially aelected hymns being refl• dered with marked precision. Solos by MIMS Hillidge and Wilson and Mr. H. Woodward, and a quartette by Misses Hillido and Messrs. J. Stubbs and G. flullidge also formed an excellent contribution to the vocal music. Mr. W. Gittens presided at the organ. The collections rehlised £24-.—The anniversary services in connection with the Prince's-street Chapel, Wilnes, were held on Sunday, when sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev. J. Phillipson, of Buckley, to large and appreciative congregations. In the evening he preached from the words, " Secret things belong unto the Lord our God ; but those things which are revealed belong unto us, and to our children for ever," and dealt with the question of the Scripture :revelation of God's will to man. Special hymns ware sung at both services by the scholars, and in the morning the choir rendered the anthem, " Oh ! worship the Lord," and at the even- ing service" Acid great is the Lord." In the afternoon a musical service was given, when the chair was occu- piel by Mr. Evaa Thomas. The Rev. Mr. Scares gave a forcible adlress on the value of the teachers' work in the Sunday school, which he illustrated by narrating his experience as an army chaplain. The collections for the day amounted to nearly £2l. The celebration of the anniversary was continued oa Monday evening, when a highly successful concert was given by Mies Owens and p:lrty, presided over by Mr. T. J. Peters.

INTERESTING WEDDING AT RUNCORN. On Wednesday afternoon, at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-road, in the presence of a large con- gregation, a very pretty and interesting wedding was solemmized. The contracting parties were Mr. John James Stubbs, eldest son of Mr. Ssmuel Stubbs, 7, Ivy- stre:!t, and Miss Elizabeth Flillidge, eldest daughter of Mr. R;chaid llillidge, 21, Lightburn-stmet, Runcorn. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. W. Fidoe (pa ;tor of the church. The bride, who was given away by her father, was prettily attired in a dress of elec- tric blue cloth, suzmountad with a hat to mat..ll trimmed with cream ribbon and os"rich feathers. The bridesmaid, Miss Polly Hillidge (sister), was similarly attired, but her dress was of pale green material. The dutieg of best man were discharged by Mr. Dennis Stubbs (brother). After the ceremony, and as the newly married couple came down the circle, Mr. Gittens (organiat), played Mendelasohn's INodding March. On emerging into the sunlight showers of confetti and rice deluged the happy ones, and amid the congratulations of all, they drove otr to the home of the bride, where the bridal feast was prepared. Mr. Stubbs who is we'!-known in Runcorn as an enthusiastic mem- ber of tho Football Club, is the recipient of good wishes from all quarters. ASK .or CUNNINGRAM'iIIIGH-CLAS3 MINERAL WATRRS.—Advt

===== 0002601_18990519_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MILTON P.S.A. WIDNES.

There was but a sal mil attendance at the usual meet- ing of this society on Sunday afternoon, when the chair was taken by Nir. G. L icy, on s of the v!ce-presi ients, who gave a very t .ne address on the " Looking Glass." The Runcorn Quartette Party sang very effectively two pieces, much to the enjoyment of the members, and re- ceived hearty apprAciation. Mr. G. F. Lear, of West Bromwich, delivered a telling address on " The Evils of Gambling and Intemperance," and forced home his re- marks by apt illustrations, which were listened to with evident interest.

RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS AT CHESTER. -CA3fP ARRANGE- MENTS

On Saturday last the F a,nd G Companies of the Run- corn Detachment of the 201 B ttt. E. Chester Volun- teers, under the command of Captain G. F. Ashton, left Runcorn with the 2.25 p.m. train for Chester. There were about 114 non-commissioned officers and mon on parade, and these were joined by 90 of the Frodaham Company. Upon arriving at Che-ter they were joined by the Chester Companies and marched round to North- gate Station to meet the Weaverham Companies, which brought the number up to about 450. It was so wet that it was decided to alter the arrangements and drill in the Castle yard instead of the Roodee. Several bat- talion movements were attempted but the continual downpour of rain interferred with their effectiveness. After several line and column movements and manual exercise, the men were marched to the 111De3 Stands on din Roodee where refresh- ments were supplied to them, and proceeding from thence to the Drill Hall, Chester, were dismissed after being complimented on Lae esprit de corps they ex- hibifepl. The battalion drill was a preliminary to the Brigade Camp, at Blackpool, which commences on Saturday next, to proceed to which the Runcorn De- tachment will parade at the Drill Hall, at 545 p.m., in full marching order. The inspection day will be on Wednesday. This year will be tbe first year that the Cheshire battalions have been brigaded, and should be productive of keener competition amongst ;he men. In former years the Cheshire battalions used to brigade with the Welsh border companies.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAP ACCIDENT NEAR RUNCORN.

FATAL SEQUEL. INQUEST AND VERDICT.

_ At"the Police Court, Runc3rn, on Wednesday morning, Mr. J. E. worslay, coroner, held an inquest uoon the body of Mrs. Margaret Acton, widlor, aged 68 years, who died on Sunday last, May 14th, from the effects of injuries recivel in a trap accident on the 23rd August last.—The foreman of the jury was Mr. D. B. Jones.— Considerable interest was manifested in the procee hinge as the facts of the cage lilvo already- been the subject of legal proceedings, at Runcorn County Court, and the Liverpool Asgizge. Walter Gerrard, 35, Waterloo-road, Runcorn, commis- sion agent, said deceased was his mother-in-law. She was 68 years old last November. In July she suffered from hemorrhage, and was attended by Dr. Orntsby. She fully recovered from that On the 23rd of August

there was an accident to a trap. Fle was driving a pony and a trap. The deceased and his two little boys and a boy namel Leonard Pye were with him. He was driv- ing round Aston, and when coming round Aston-lane past Sutton, on nearing Sutton Hall Farm, he noticed some distance in front of them a milk float, occupied by two young men. The float was coming on the same side of the road as that which he occupied but from the op- posite direction. The occupants of the float did not seem to take any notice so witness called out "Eh up there," twice. By that time the vehicles had come nearer and he noticed one of the men lean for- ward, take up his reins and commence to pull his horse to the other side of the road. In order to allow float as much time and room as possible so that it could get past all right,witaess stopped his horse and trap. It would be about a foot off the ditch at the time. Just, however, as the float was passing the man stooped and took up a stick with which he struck the celt on the left side. Tbe colt reared up and some of the tankards fell out. The horse belted forward, coming towards the right with the result that the right wheel of the milk float collided with the nave of the right wheel of witness's trap, breaking both the shafts. The occupants were pitched out with the exception of a little boy aged 4. The de- ceased was much hurt, and sustained a scar down the left side of her face; the inside of her mouth was cut and bleeding; her shoulder was hurt,as well as the back of her neck and other minor injuries. She was not. however, insensible. Dr. Ormsby was called in to see her the same night —The Coroner: What has been her state of health since P—Wi`ness: She never recovered in the least. She has never been able to dress herself. Never left her bed the whole time.—The Coronert: Was this accident the subject of jegal proceedings P— Witness: My brother brought an action for darnagei to the trap and obtained a verdict for the full amonnt of damage to trap, pony, and harness.—The Coroner: There was an action at the Asaizes.—Witness : An action was tried at the Liverpool Assizes for personal injuries sustained and the result of the action was a verdict for the plaintiff.—The Coroner : Upon what cause ?--Witness : That I can- not say, sir.—The Coroner Did the jury state the circumstances? Witness : They did not give any ex- pression of opinion sir.—Continuirag witne.s said de- ceived had never been the same since the day of the accident, and her clothes had to he cut off her as they could not undress her. At the time of the accident de- ceased was convalescent and intended going away for a change, and had the evident not happened she would have gone away. He did not think that the driver of the float was sober at the time.

thel

Dr. George Henry Ormsby, Runeorn, stated he had attended the deceased from the 4th of July last. Previ- ous to the time he had attended her, hut he was not quite clear on the point, for something of a slight nature. On the 4th of July he was called in to attend her, and found her to be suffering from hemorrhage. He might explain that the hemorrhage she was suffering from need not necessarily have been cerlebral hemorrhage. It may, have been only a clot of blood that got on to the brain and a very small clot at that, though they could only judge from the symptoms exhibiied. Mrs. Acton recovered from that attack with the excention of feeling a little weak. He kad attended her almost continually from the 4th, to the 30th of July. On the 23rd of August be was called in to her after the trap accident ani found her suffering as the last witness had described. It was not exactly a scar on the side of the face, but a bruise. The wounds were superficial, but the effect was principally shock. In his opinion she died from shock consequent upon the injuries received. She died on the 14th inst and the cause of death would be "nervous prostration." When witness first knew Mrs. Acton she was a active woman both mentally and physically and full of vitality; but after the accident she could not do anything for her- self.

The Coroner, in summing up, said it was for the jury to decide whether they thought there was sufficient cause for them to adjourn the inquirrlf they considered there was so much bl,rne to be attached to any person as to amount to manslaughter he would abjeurn the in- quiry and they could have the driver and other wit- nesses present, and he would go into the cause of the accident. Oa the other hand he would not advise them to that course, and considered that the acount of the accident as related by the son-in-law afforded sufficient grounds for them to sta"e that death was evidently caused by " nervous prostration consequent on the re- sult of the trap accident on the 23rd of August." The jury after a short adjournment brought in a ver- dict of "Death from nervons prostration, consequent on the trap accident on the 23rd of August."

===== 0002601_18990519_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUN ORN FOOTBILL CLUB.

THE NOMINI rIoNs.

On Tuesday evening', the meeting of the Inncorn Football Club for the pqrposes of nominating officials for the year, was held at Mr. A. Wley's Café, Bridge-street. Runcorn. There was a gaol attondance. The nomina- 'tons made were as follows :—President Mr Philip Speakman, C C. ; treasurer, Mr Charles Pownall ; seore- tary, Messrs J Ellison, A Abel, and W Jones ; assistant secretary, Messrs A Abel, T Robinson, and G R )bioson ; captlin first team, Messrs J Butterworth, J Faulkner, S Houghton, and A Taylor ; vic--captain first team,Messrs A Taylor, T Warder. .J Butterworth, 8 Houghton, cap- tain second team, Messrs J Dyer, .1 Nickson, 8 John- son, C Butterworth, W Bettley. and L Flailwood - vice-captain seoond team, Messrs J Dyer, J Nickson, S Johnson, W Bottles', L Hailmond, C Butterworth ; audi- tors, Mess's T C Conner sal E Lunt; nommittee, Messrs W Jones, P Deakin, W Carroll, G Mackie, G Robinson, A Abel, W Faulkner, R Garnett, S Abrams,W B Brimelow, A Li!ghtbarn, G Wainwright, H Casyley,J Frism*, J El Grounds, A Ttchr. G Moores, G Ltucton, W Pendlehury, T Turnb T Thhinsoo, T Warder. Thomas Cooke, S Hought )n, J Butterworth and W Collier.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

FINED FOR THE LAST TIME —S Mlle' Brown, bricksetter, of Ship-street, Frodsham, was on Monday brought up before Mr. A. Thomas, J.P., charged with being drunk in Booth-street at 11 30 on the previous Saturday night.—P.C. Price proved the case.—Mr. Thomas mid he did not know whether he should be doing right i's giving prisoner the option of a fine, but would give him one more eiance. Next time he would be com- mittel withont the optima of a fine.—Fine 1 10i and cc,,sts or 14 days.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LARCENY OF BOOTS AT RUNCORN.

A PROSECUTION AND ITS SEQUEL-TWO PRISONERS IN PLACE OF ONE.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Weinesdsy, before Messrs. John OckleSton and F. Wtswall, Thomas Finn, was charged with stealing a pair of boots, valued at 43 11d, the pr4erty of Margaret Finn, of Gird-st., ' Runcorn,—The prosT3cutrix appeared in court in a drunken condition,and being unable to give her evidencs in a coherent tathio a was coatined to the cells until toe following day.—Oo Thursday morning, to,forie the same magistrates the case was proceeded , Itl.—Nlargaret Finn said she lived with a man named Martin Bennett, at 5, Grindrod-3quare, Runcorn. On Mmday night about a quarter to t3n she was going along Church-st. and met :he prisoner whom she knew 134 ire. He told her he was hard-up 3.111 they went to the house to- gether. Prisoner asked to be allowed t stay the night, ' and she let him. On Tuesday morning he got up and left her and Bennett in bed. About half-past two the same day prisoner returned and asked her to give him the price of a drink. She told him to clear out, she did not want him there as she had no money for him. Prisoner would not go out and in consequence she went to Mrs. Burnes, a neighbour. and was there about 15 minuties. When she returned home prisoner had taken his departure. She missed the boots (pro. dunned) at quarter to six in the evening, but last saw ' them safe in the bedroom at 2 o'clock. As soon as she missed the boots she went out to look for prisoner and discovered him in the "Rose and Shamrock" beerhouse. She said •' Where are my boots ?" Prisoner replied " I have pawned them and got 25. for them." She said she would go and fetch a policeman,an observation to:which prisoner made a rude reply.—William Craddick, pawo- broker, 22, Church-street, stated that the prisoner, who said the boots belonged to his wife, pawne I them wita him at about 4 o'clock on Tuesday.—Police Con 4 able Gregory, testifild to fiuding prisoner in the" Boathouse lan," Mersey-street. He asked him to come outside as he had somethiag to say to him. Prisoner said, "I know what it is for !" He brought the prisoner to the _ _ _

Police Station and pri3oner said "It is about those boots,l took?" When formally chargei with the offence prisoner replied "Steal them! That seems queer! You have got the ticket, and I have spent the money !"-- Prisoner who was sworn, gave a story in direct contra- diction to that of the woman's. He lived with the woman as her husband in Chester and Birkenhead for two years. He alleged that the woman had changel the good boots she had on for au old pair, and given them to him to pawn becluie they w-ra hard up for drink.— Prisoner was committed for a month with hard labour.

Margaret Finn, the prosecutrix in the preceding case, was then charzed with being drunk in court on the previous da7.—Police CrnstLble Grrgory formally proved the offence, and the woman, who pleaded guil.y decided togo to prison br 7 days, in default of payment of the fine imposed.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
A SAILOR'S BODY FOUND IN THE CANAL.

Ur. J. E. Wor3ley, coroner, held an inquest, at the Weaver Hotel, ‘Vesron Point, on Fiday m)rning, upon the body of Richard Evans' aged 54, of Malire, Angle- soy, whose body was found floating in the Runcorn and Weston Canal on the previous Wedni-sday.—Mr. Hugh Evans, Malfre, Anglesey, identified the body as that of his brother Richard, aged 54 years, who was a sailor on board the " Sarah Lloyd" of Bangor.—James Street, lock-tenter, of Dukes Fields, Ruicara, gave evidence of seeing the deceased on the 29th of April at a quarter past seven. He was sober then and came to witness's cabin for a " pipe-light." Witness seeing he was a stranger asked if he was going to R mcorn and he replied" I am going to Weston Point to have a glass of beer, after which I will turn in.—Superintendent Pear- son, submit'ed the statements of William Morris, a.b , of the steamship" Avon," and of Owen Jones, captain of the" Sarah Lloyd," which showed that deceased had visited Morris on tne 29. h of April on the" Avon," and left there at 11 o'clock in a ItobPr condition. Captain Jones' statement was of a nature to corriborate the above, and also contained a description of the deceased whom he reported missing on the 30:h of April.—The Coroner read both statements, but observed they could not be. 'taken as part of the evidence.—Join 1,100; of Weston Point, labourer, stated he was told there was a body in the canal, and getting assistance recovered it about 12 o'clock on the 10th inst. He should think that the body was recovered about 200 yards from the spot where the ship lay whilst at the cicck.—P.C. George Bancroft, who be- longed to the St. J )bn Anal:mimic said he examined the body. There were no marks of violence upon it. The underclothing was marked with " RE," and the general description answered to that circulated of the miQsing sailor Richard Evans. In the pockets he found 3s 3ii and a knife. He had made enquiries, but no one remembered seeing deceased, or anyone of his descrip- tion, and so far as he could ascertain, he had not ben drinking anywhere. The night of the 29th was a very dark night, and as there were no lights in that part of the canal, he would give it as his opinion the deceased may have missed his way in going from one ship to the other, and walked into the canal.—The Coroner in sum- ming up, advised the jury to bring in a verdict of "found drowned." He remarked that it was a lament- able occurrencv. The man was evidently a sober man who had missed his way, and walked into the canal.— The jury agreed.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
A DISPUTED LIMBER ACCOUNT.

HEARING AT THE WARRINGTON COUNTY

COURT.

Before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoullfea at the War- rington County Court on Thursday, the adjourned hear- ing of the claim of Mr. R. A. Naylor. timber merchant. Warrington, for £59 14s 51 for goods sold and delivered was proceeded with. At the last court the claim was made against Walter and Harriet Crosi,Longford-?treet, bus by order of the Court, Me,srs. Paacic,z and Barlow, builders, of Warrington, were bracketed with the Cross's as defendants, as it was in their name that the goods were supplied. Mr. Browne represented the plaintiff ; Mr. Riley (St. Helens), appeared for Walter and Harriet Cross ; and Mr. T. A. Swift, barrister (Liverpool) in- structed by Mr. Longton for Messrs. Peacock and Barlow.

In re-opening the case Mr. Swift said that the goods in respect of which this action was brought were all supplied in the month of April, 1893. There had been an arrangement by which Peacock and Barlowor rather Mr Peacock should give orders for goods to be supplied to Cross and Company by Mr. Naylor. Previous to the s:h of April, 1898, all orders were signed by Mr. Peacock or by his partner Mr. Barlow. There was no authority given by either of them to Cross aril his wife to sign erders in their name. Cross was an undischarged bank- rupt, and he and his wife traded as Cross and Company; he managing the business which was altogether a very shady sort of proceeding. Neither Mr. Peacock nor his part.ler gave any orders for goods that now remained unpaid for. Mr. Browne : That is admitted. His Honour : The orders for the goods which still remain unpaid for are all signed" Peacock and Barlow" as though Cross had authority to atilt get goods on their credit.

Mr. Riley : My contention is that he had authority from Peacock and Barlow.

His Honour: There is no proof of that yet. Mr. Browne : The plaintiff admits that the ord9rs signed" Peacock and Barlow" era in the handwriting of Walter CroEs. Mr. Swift (eontinuing), said that in the month of March, Mr. Peacock received an account of gods sup- plied during February by Mr. Naylor, which turned out to be a larger account than he expected. On the 15th March. Mr. Peacock wrote to the plaintiff as follows : " Referring to February account for £44 43. 3d., our instructions are that the limit of our account must not exceed £35, which please note for the future. We will not order anything above that amount." That letter clearly laid down that orders were to come front, them, and that Cross had no authority to use their name.

His Honour : The error they made WWI that they never communicated tie f act to Cross, that thsv had stopped being responsible for him. Fie went on ordering and the plaintiff admitted that they bad supplied him with the goods by mistake, although they had r 3ceiverl a communication from Messrs. Peacock and Barlow stating that they would not be liable far Cross's account.

Mr. Browne: We diapute having received that letter from Peacock and Barlow.

Mr. Swift: It is not disputed that the plaintiff was told that Messrs. Peacock and Barlow would not be responsible for more than £35. When Mr. Peacock went to Niylor's work+. Mr. Edwards admitted that they had made a great mistake in letting the goods go to Cross. This material had no been used on Messrs. Peacock and Barlow's buildiners. Mr. Riley: You say so; we shall prove the exact opposite. His Honour: The qunstion is where were these materials used. If they wer used on Peacock and Bar- low's buildings it raises a nice point of law whether they should not pay for it. Mr. Riley complained that the defendants, Peacock and Barlow, had not supplied the court with their books and letters as requested. His Honour di I not see that Mr. Riley was pla,!ed at any disadvantage. The question was who received these goods. If they were used by Peacock and Barlow, a Point of law would be raised as ta whether Peac3ck and Barlow were responsible. Walter Cross was then called. Re said he was a bankrupt about three years since and had not suc- ceeded in getting his discharge. Mr Naylor knew he was an undischarged bankrupt. His wife went into the building business, and be assisted her in it. They c trried on business in the name of Cross and Company, but the banking account was in the name of Harriet Cross. Peacock and Barlow were a Warrington firm and knew that he had not got his discharge. They knew that before any timber was supplied. Mr. Naylor refused to let Cross and Company have goods on credit, and Messrs. Peacock and Barlow by an aeree- ment come to, enabled him to get timber from Naylor's

on their acceunt. Up ti the end of 1397 the ordera were seat by Messrs. Peacock and Barlow to Mr. Nay- lot's, but at the bsginning of 1898 witness sent erders hineselt on the authority of Messrs. Peacock and Barlow. Tee neeessi'y of his having that authority was discussed be7ween him and Peaco k in the presence of a man named William Caldwell. The coaversatioa took place in nrS. Cross's joiner's shop. It was diseuseed on aeol-ter occasion at Mrs. Cross's house. He lived there. Some of the timoer was taken to Earlestawn, and some to the j oiner's shop. About this time Mr Peaceek was buildieg a chapel and soma house, in Forster-street, W irriegton, close to tee joiners shop, and he seoplied Mr Peacock with about £lOO worth of ma-auactured timber for those buildings. Wit- ness vras never told by Peacock that he had with- drawn his authority C 3 get goods from Naylor's. The firstintimation ahem: it was when Naylor's told him. M s. Cross had .paid cash for the timber she had had since the bezenning of April.—Cross-examined by Mr. BrOV;30 : He had never promised to pay the account at his (Mr. Brevene's) offi le. He did say to Mr.Crompton, tie clo'k, that Peacock o wed him money and as soon as Peacock paid him he vreuld pay the account—Mr. Browne :—Dies Mrs. Cross know a single thing about building ?—Yes.-11ow does sae P—She has been with m• all my life. (Laughter.) Is this not a mere subs, terfuee to evade the Bankluptcy Ace by trading as Cross asid Company ? —No.—Didn't you give orders ? Yes, as Mrs. Cross's mensger.—Wriat salary did you get ?—I took my own wases.—What was the amount of the wages ?—Tney are more or less. Of coarse. But what was the amount P—About 35s or 33s a week.—His Honour : Where dil you get the money from ?—Witness : From draws obtained by Mrs Cross from the m orteagees.—By Mr. Browne: Who were Ithe moregagees P—Mr. Peacock.—Haven't you signed chenaes in my presence?—Yes, but they were on behalf of Mrs. Cross —Won't the bank honour your signature ? —No.—Do you meao te swear that you have net drawtt money without the presence of Mrs Cross ?—Yes,l have never done so.—Have you anything to show what Foil have drawn personally from Mr. Peacock ?—No.—Cross- examined by Mr. Swift witness said he did not pay any- thing for met, the house belenged to his wife's mother. He received his wages from hie wife and paid it back again. Harriet Cross, ssife of the last witness said in order to mnke use of his knowiedge she went into the boil -ling trade. Site remembered Mr. Peacock visiting her house, and saying that if he ever was not about Mr. Cross could send a note to Naylor's for stuff. Her husband was not a partner in the firm.—Cross-examined by Mr. Swift : She saw the houses in buil ling at Eariestown. She did not know than they left the munfinished. Mr. Peacock became mortgagee of that pr ep-rty. William Caldwell, residing off Bridge-street, said he carted the timbor from Naylor's to Earlescown and to the joiners shop in West-street. When the timber had been made up at th joiner's shop he took it to Mr. rea- cock's new buildings. He heard Mr. Peacock say to Mr. Cross "Give tne man a note to teke to Naylor's and don't let the jeb stop for aeythine." Arthur Pe icaek said on April let, 1898, he went to Walter Cross, and told him he had haa the amount he was limited to, and they ceuld not lot him have any more goods on their credit. On the same day, witness stopped the credit at Mr. Naylor's. He denied that he, ever teld Waiter Cross what had been stated by Caldwell. He did not Commence building in Forster- street until June, 1898, and no timber from Cross's wae used en those buildings. His Honour teen summoned up at considerable length, and said he mist hld Mrs. Cross liable for the timber. Ho gave jidgment aaainst Mrs. Cross, and ordered that the costs of Messrs. Peac ck and Barlow be paid by the plaintiff (Mr. Naylor).

===== 0002601_18990519_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR lIINGTO N.

SPIRITUALISM.

At the Spiritualist, Hall, the platform was occu- pied on Sunday by fr. J. Kay, of Nlanchester, and in the evening he deli vere i an address based upon the worus "G.ne, but not forgotten.' Ile traced the probable origin of the saying, and argue I that our triends on passing through the change we call death were not" gone to some far-off place. On Monday evening, Hrs. Porter, a frquent visitor to the Warrington society, gave a number of clairvoy- ant descri!rions,and also gave several psychometric delineations, principally for sickness, FIRE AT ORFORD.

On Sund eveninz, about 11.33 pm., a fire broke out in the provision shop of a man named Drummond, situate at Orford. fie had been on a visit to a frienl, and on returning to the premises he found the shop on fire. Assistance was soon forthcoming, and through the help of two men named Birmingham and Skelhorn, and others, the flumes were soon extinguished. The damage.which. is estimated at about £5O, is covered, it is under- stood, by insurance. The cause of the fire is un- known.

FUNERAL OF THE LATE EX-INSPECTOR BOWEN. On Monday afternoon at the Cemetery, the funeral took place of the late Mr. John Bowen, who was at one time an in6pector of the Borough Police Force, and who died on Thurs lay at his residence, 146, Manchester-road. The mourners were—Mrs Bowen (widow) ; Messrs. John Bowen, Charles Bowen (Birmiugham), Samuel Bowen (Wigan), Thomas Bowen, Henry Bowen, Alex. Bowen, ancL Captain Bowen (sons) ; Mrs Jones, Manchester, (daughter) ; Mrs. Rose Jones,Plymouth (da hter); Mrs. Gregory, Plymouth (daughter) ;. Manchester (son-in-law) ; Mrs. J. W, ,13,owen,s Pre-Oa cot (daughter-in-liw) ; Mr. John Drury; Mr Richard Storey, and Mr. William Wheatley (ex-policenaan). Twenty-five members of the Borough Police Force, under the direction of Inspector Phillips, were it attendance, and followed tue remains of the deceased t.c, their lash resting place,the following officiating fix coffin bearers :—lnspector Taylor and Rowbottom, Sergeants Cheney and Smitli ; and Constables Cor- , coran and Bruen. The coffin, which was of polishel Ibrown oak, with brass mountings, was supplied by Mr. Edward Connor, of Sankey-3treet, and the funeral arrangemeats were conducted on his behalf by Mr. Rogers. The Rev. A. F. White officiated at the cemetery. A large number of beautiful wreaths had been fcrwarded by the sorrowing re- latives and friends.

J. nARSH,

59. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR

SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

OUR CIIAINLES SAFETY Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILZWSTRATRD LIST. OUR 1893 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Make* of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD.. 69 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES SENT POST FREE. A MATTER OF IMPORTANCE WHEN 14 URNISIIING IS TO SECURE

SOUND, RELIABLE, AND ARTISTIC GOODS

AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, It is Rn undo tht&d fae, Hilt you cm BUY CIidAPEK AND BETTE AT THE

P.:I 0 N E ER

COMPLETE URNISILING STORES,

9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THAN IN ANY OTHER ESTABLISHMENT. It must be, however, borne in mind thxt the LOW IntICES are for Cash only.

BASSINETTES

AND Al AIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER,

HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HAII.ROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINET lES HARROWS FOtt BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINET rES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOE BASSINETTES

HARROP'S, 122, BRIDOE-STREET, WARRINGTOsit.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

ROBBERY FROM A WAttRIYOTON WIIARY.

At the Warriae;on B P Iwo Court on Tues- • mnrning, before Mr. Gernett (in the chair), and Messrs. Birchall and Snaw Greet), J.,hti Jackson (42). a married man living at 9. Arpley- walk, wls '..r..eieht up on vr trralt. chireed with 'having on the 8-b of May feloniously stolen two bags of cornea", of the value of 7 , the im,Ponty of the Manchester and Liverponi Tran4port Com PenY. Limited Gate Bishop'e Wharf) —Mr. F. R. Roberts preset-need, and observed that Jeckson hd bee, for the Wit two years or Et) employed by the prose utors and their pre. decessots as a porter; and en tie 8 ti inst., at 9 30 he made his way iato :he WarellOUSl by a way known only to amployeee. Re had previously borrowed a handcart, explaining that be wanted ,t to remove some- thing that had been given to him. He was afterwards Seen coming away from the wharf with the bags of cement in the handcart, ard in'orma-ioe was given to P.C. Chrimes, who was nu duty in Wilderepool-road. lie mct the prisoner and asked him what he was doin.: with the cement, and Cos reply was that he was taking it to Alexander Livingstone's but asked where Living4tone lived he heAitatei, and at WI raid he could not rememb r. That in itself was eofficient to arouse suspicion. When the officer went up to the prisoner there were several in .n with him, but they at once made off, leaving Jacksm to defend hint- self. He at length said that the cement had been given to him by the manager. He was taken to the Police Station, and inquiries made, sal it was at once found that his statement was untrue. These robberies from employers were now very frequent in Warrington ' • they were, in feat, very much en the increase, and he had on previous occasinne commented upon them. Mes,rs. &oilfield and others had had to bring men hers from time to time, and it peemedto him that the robteries bad become quite epidemic. Ha felt it his duty to hi silents to point out there facts and it was their war. abipe duty to act accordingly.—Prisoeer : I admit I have done wrong, but I hid been drinking for six or seven weeks. and I did not know w at I was doing. There was no necessity for me to do such a wrong as I had 3 good home and a good master, and confidence was reposed in me. I hope you will temper justice with mercy, as this is my first off irca as far as anything of this kind is concerned. lam rally and truly sorry.— The Chairmin : You should have thought about all this before you took to drink.—Mr. Roberts thought al light sentence wonld meet tbe jattice of the case. The wife of the prisoner was on eminently respectable woman, and had a large family to suoport.—The pri- loner was fined 405., Mr. Garnett rema king the sentence was a light one. The prisoner was liable to a fine of MO.—The Clerk : Or three months without the optioa of a fine.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNHAPPY MARRIED LIFE.

Rufus Teti •ek was brouelit up on warrant at the Warringtea Borough Police Court en Tuesday nsornine, before Mr. Garuett and other magis- trataa, charg d with having on the 13:h May assaulted his wife El'zebeth. Mr. F. R. Roberta defended—The complainant stated that her hus- band mine home on the day in question drunk, and said there was no money for her, also making use of bad language. There was neither food nor fire in the house, and eventnallv he ''bursted her nose and pulled her hair off."—By Mr. Roberta: She never had any drink. She was not in the habit of going to a public-heuee except to fetch a pint of beer for her husband. She did not sit drinking in public-houses wile other women. She had not caused the wound on her hustand's face by throwing a atone at him. She had been married for seven years, and he "had been carrying on for six years."— A(r. Taylor, Police Court missionary, was asked Is give evidence. He stated that the compl tine& had been to lais house t) complain of the cnncluet of her husband, and lee went to the houFe to see him. On arriving there he found the woman's bodice covered with blood the effects of her husband's illtreat- neent.—Mr. Roberts objected to the statement —Mr. Taylor : I went twice on the Sunday and failed to sea him. The house was a perfect wreck, and he has left nothing unbroken. There is not a piec of furniture longer than my finger.—fly Mr. Roberts: I have found the prisoner twiee under the influence of drink. I have never seen any sign of drink en her.—Tne prisoner was then called to give evidence on his own behalf, and in the course of a long statement he said that when he returned home en the day in question he found no food in the house, and that was the Cause of the bother. She started " talking to him " and threw a stone at his face which inflicted a serious Hum He was sober. By Mr. Roberts: He had lived a very unhippy life with his wife. She was not a teetotaller, and he had seen her twice under the influence of erinis. He had struck her On those eceasions.—Mr Roberti remarked that this was a wretched and a sad case, and he did not know which was the sadder spectacle of the two—that of the husbend or that of the wife. He suegrated with all respect t) the Bench that in the case of these young peeple they should be sent home to endeavour to turn over a new leaf.— The Chairman (Mr. Garnett) said the cis, was a miser- able ono. The Bench had a very po r opinion of Tat- lock, and they could not say very much bettor of the wife. At the Silll9 time they thought tole was the bet- ter of the two. It was diereputab,e for a roan to treat a woman as Tatlock had doee. Drink app Alexi to be at the bottom of the dispute. The husband sy. uld bebound over to keep the peace for six months, and er feral to pay tho costs of the case. (To Mr R Wee) I have no sympathy with a man who takes advantage of his wife and employs a solicitor.—Mr. Roberta : That is a reflec- tion upon me.—Mr. Garnett: Not in the sliehtest. The 121Iba. bnause he happens to be the breadwinner. and hes the money, gets a solicitor, and is, therefrr, likely to get the best of the case—rather a mean thing to do.— Prisoner : I was coming from wnrk--Mr. Roberts: I made out the best ease I could for him, of course—Mr. Garnett: lamby no means telem,ne you —Councillor Shaw Green : Certainly not.—Mr. Birchall : Mr Reberts has only done tis duty. ANOTTIRR ROBBERY FROXI A WARRINGTON WORES.

Patrick Riley arid Frei Mu;liner, voting men, were charged at the Warrington Borough Bllion Court, on Tuesday, . before Mr. Garnett and other magistrates, 'with receiving, or knowing to hays- been stolen, a quantity of brass, of the value of 253., from the works of Messrs. Monks. Hall and Company. —The Chief Constahlo, at the outsc,% said that thefts from employers were now very nreva- lent in Warrington and the district, and he endorei what Mr Roberts had said about thorn in rho caso heard tbat morning. This was a still more serious ease. In 2,d(Ution to tha actual theft, one of the men was a receiver, and as a rule, if there were no receivers thero would be no thieves. Ri'ey was a labourer employed at Messrs. Mcnks's works, and Mulliner was a rubbing Stone hawker who went about picking up it uncon- sidered trifles." under the disguise of piekluo up old rags. On Saturday last Superintend.nt Nlenaghan went to bole's (marine store elealer)ahnp in kllec-ltreet to make iequirier,and Mr. Toole,with his usual straight. forwardneis, allowed him to search the premises. While doing so, the officer caught sight of he lunse (now pro- duced),which it was founi was a portion of an old man- of-war which had teen purchased by Messrs. Monks. was exc'cdingly good brass, and a great dell of ft was stored at the works. Mr. Monaghan made inquiries, and found that the brass had he, hronght by Milliner, land that a good price had been given f r it. Mulliner was sporehended, and in answer to the police said he had bought it from Riley, who was also locked up, and the two men were confronted. Riley was charged w;th having stolen the brass from the works. lEle admitted that he had done so, and that he had brought it nut hit by hit in a hag during the past six months and that ha had sold it for ss,which was about oce-sixth of its value. Riley had been before the Court before for steeling coal. The prisoners were committed to gaol fur three months With hard labour. ALLEGED PERSISIENT CRUELTY To A WIFE

At tiTe—Warrington County Petty e'sionsonWednes. easy before Colonel Ridgway (eras' 'lee), /Led Mr. J. Ball, Peter Florridee, Pedgate, was charged with having on the 6th of May and other .previous dates been guilty of persistent cruelty to his wife.—Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant, and the defend set was represented by Mr. Jenkins. A preliminary objection by Mr. Jenkina to the summons on the ground that it eves more than six months since the alleged cruelty hnd taken place. defendant having been living apart from ten wife, was overruled.—Mr. Browne said the cruelty took place on Saturday night week. The complainant was most re- luctant to bring the matter into (inert, hut had been conipelird to ,do so. She kept the Post Office at Pad- gate, and had kept it for some time. She was married to the defendant in 1884, and had some step-ehildren• Defendant was an engine diiver at DAllens Works, and got good wages. The complaint WAS that he came borne drunk every Saturday night, end behaved most 'mere- PerlY. He left the house in November, and they would have been satisfied bad be stopped away. He, however, insulted his wife every time he met i her. He met her n the Market Place, and by his conduct caused a crowd- of people to aesembla. He called her a.fearful name. Ho again met tier iu Sankey- street, and she had to threaten to have him locked up. On Saturday night week they were conducting the busi- ness at the Post Office.suad about ten minutes to ten defendant Came there helplessly drunk. He went through into the kitchen . and said he wanted his wife, his children, and his " Pregries." Complain- nt said he bad had infra than he nuoht, and he took old of her and pushed her across the room. The song- bn-law were brought in, and they Init him out. He was sio uproarious in the read that a policeman had to lock him up, and he Was subsequently fined for the offence.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

F F7,1-mh. c=l,, 5 • LIT6V 4••!..; e 4:! C..41:22 AO'

G2ATEFUL-com FORTING. r 41.„,,, LI,• tr.. .4, (03 f"u

13137AKFAST AND SUPFER.

He hid threatened to kill his wife with an axe, had jammed her thunat), and htd used Lorrinle and filthy langu age towards her. (Me. Browne) wag, however, prepared t, close the case if defendant would agree to a separatioi order.and to pay alumnal uuna for the ma;n- toriance of the children —Mr. Jenk ns accepted M. Brown's bue,geation and said it would be the moit sensible way of &agog with the case. If Mr. Brawne would accept a rragoaabli, s cumli advi-e defend- ant to pay it: He did not think it wise to b • ta; the , details of private and demestic life iato court —Dstend- act agree I t)a sppxration order and the ea in at of 8. weekly towards the maintenanc,i th. caildren.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN olt OASES.

WARRINGTON BOROU 4FI POLICE COURT.

FRLDLY.—Before the Mayor (presiding). Alterman er Councillor im •thurst and Nir Jones Ilepherd. ASSAULT Oa A PoLICICKAR —Wilfrei Delo me 62. Lythgoee Lane, was charged with being 4runk a 1 disoederiy on Thursday night and with assaulting P 0. Heal 7. `.lonstable Healey said he found defendant yn the ground on') -ipi i 3 Bro w,off Buttermarket 4troet abut five minutes p at eleven the previous night. He was using most disgnying language. Witness went towards hint and tried to vick d fenders, from the ground when t•,es latter kicked him twice between the legs. &man named Thom is assisted him with 4,sta:slant to the Police Station. He used horrible language all the way,— Richard Thomas corrohorated.—The Bench a :mrnitted prisoner for a month aad expre,sed their thanks to homes for his assistance and allowed him ss, as it seemed this was the second occasion on which Thorns' has as dsted the police BRUTALITY TO A HORS& Dawson. 18, Sharp- street. was oh rged with ill-treating a h mse on the 26•:h April. —P.O. Healey said his attention was drawn to the defendant and another man named , orris by a gentleman named Mr Potter whilst he was on duty at Froghsll Bridge They were both in charge of horses and carts, but de eadent was h6lpin • the other driver to thrash his horse. Both had heavy whips and were threshing it. The horse coui., not move the cart. Mr. Potter corroborsted. The horse. he said. seemed willing to go but could not for the men flogging it. He thought& was nothing 'sot brutality —lnspector Canning said he ex- amined the horse on the 29th. It was an old black horse, in poor condition. Its shoulder was very tender and the animal wee almost worn out.—The Chief Constable said th man (Morris) who was in charge of the horse had been summoned but had absoundet—The Bea3h final defendant 20s and costs.

EUTURDAY.—Before. Mr. Godries (in the ehlir). Messrs.

-Birchalt and R. T. Piirclough.

A DrisonocaLY—WOM Vt. —Margaret Quinn, alias Ford, was charged with having bsen drunk and disorderly in Manz- street on Friday ni :ht at 11 5 Prisoner pleaded guilty.— Muskett said he was on duty at the time stated, in Irlans-street. He saw prisoner on a door step singing and using bad language. He Old her to g.) •away b(s . she retuaed. and he took her into custody. S'ie regiatsd him and hi had to call Sergeant Williamson to assist him to take her to the police station.—The Bench lined her 5s and costs, or, in default of payment, seven days' hard labour.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs Monks (in the chair), Birchen, and S. Wright, Alderman Blackhurst, and Councillors Shaw Green an t Smethurst. A BEGGING llinsanco John Jones, lest from Manchester, pleaded guilty to begging ha Horsemarket St. at 11.30 on Saturday morning. --P C Whittaker said he noticed the prisoner stop several people in Horsemarket- street, wad he heard him ask for money from a gentleman near the Hop-pole Hotel.—The Chief Constable remarked that he had received numerous aompleints about the prisoner begging and frightening females in Orford-lane Seventeen pence WRI found upon him when arrested.—Prisener was sent to gaol for one month with herd labour. A RECORD or 42 Couvtortorts."—James Gallaher. Bank street. was charged at the instance of P.O. Reddington with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street at 7 p.m. on Saturday.— He pleaded guiltv.—The ofiber stated that prisoner was ejected from the Pelican Inn. Hie struck at the landlord and attempted to kick the door. Prisouer was dis- orderly in the stree4 and verY violent, and only with the assistance of another officer he got him to the Police Station. -The Chief Constable said there were 42 convictions aga'nst prisoner for various offences, including three months for theft. He hal not been before the WPrrington magistrates since 1883, and he did not know whether he had been con- victed elsewnere In the meantime —Pined 5s and aosts. DRUNK IN CitunnE or Den.—Janes Green 33, Rostock- street. was summoned for bein4 drunk in charge of a horse and cab in Wilderspaol-road at midnight on Saturday, and with driving without a light.—P.S. Lewis said that at midnight on Saturday defendant was driving a cab without a light near Wilderspool Crossing. Witness stoppel him and found him to bs too drunk to be allowed to drive. Defend- ant lashed the horse and drove ()a. but he was stooped a few minutes later. Defendant was taken off tho oats. arid it visa found that he was to drutik to stand. —P C. Bruen awl P.O. Hardy gave corroborstive evidence.—Defendants stated that he had one light attached to the cab, the other one had gone out. He had been to Fla ;dock Races that day end had got his clothes wet through.--Nir. Birohell : You were wet through in and out. (Laughter.) It is a serious case.—The Chief Constahle t Thanks to the intelligence of the horses, these men are saved sometimes,—Defandant was fined 10s and costs. . . .

„---. DISORDERLY YOUTHS —Henry Hgerton. 2, 41,riba1di•street, and William Tilling, 25. Priestley-street. youths, were sum- moned for being disorderly in Garib.ldi-street, on the 10th May. —P.O. Smith stated that defetadants were on a wall and were very baisterous. A nurnbAr of other bays were throwing stones over the wall into Whirecrosa Works.—Defendants were boun i over to keep the peace in one surety of kti each and to pay the costs (7s each).

TUItiDIY —Before &teem,. Garnett (chairman) ard Birchall

an Councillor Shaw Green.

DRUNK AND DISIRRERLY.—Patriek Kiernan was fined 53 for having been drun‘ and dlisordorly in 3ankey-street on the previous day. STEALING ST3CKENGS.—CharIes Henry Donnelly.a stranger to Warrington, WESS charged with stealing eight st >cicinvs of the value of 3s 64 from the shop of Messrs J. Griffiths and Company, St. James'-street.—He pleaded guilty to .• having them in his WW63SIMI but not stealing thorn " The Chief Constable said the prisoner was seen to deliheratelv steal the stockings, and eudeav mr to oono.al them we ier his vest. When spoken to by P.C. Dennett he be3amrs very violent. and ha I to be handcuffed.—Prisoner: I was drunk and did not know whet I was doing. Ido not know how they came into my possession.— '4r. Birchall : You were sober enough to endeavour to conceal tbem. —The Chief Con- stable: As sober as he is this morning.— He was committed to gaol for a month. WRDNESDAY.—B.fIn Alderman Jameslra'rclough (chsirm.an)

===== 0002601_18990519_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
and Messrs. Birehall and Geddes."

THVST OF & TROWEL. --James Ward. of Bay Horse-yard. Winwick-stroet was charged with stealing from Bank-yard some time between 7.33 p tn. on Sunday the 7th May, and 730 a.m. on Manday the Bth day, a trowel yalua Is the pro- perty of the Corporation. —The Chief Constable said the trowel had been used by a bricklayer named Samuel Ellison, In the employ of the Corporation. and the trowel was left in Bank-yard after work oa isturclay. On the Monday morning the trowel was net there and on Monday last prisoner went to Morton's pawnshop in Winwick-street, and t adored it, in pledge The assistant lent 61 on it. Information Was given to Detective Roper who met prisoner rind took him ioto custody. The nava said he had given the money and ticket to a roan name I Wißams but the tiket was found on him, it was prisoner's 23th appeanance.—The Bench committed him for a month with hard labour. THUR9DAY.—Before alderman Sutton (presiding), and Alderman Blackhurst sad Mr. R. T. Fairclou.O. A, CHANCE Ti REFORNI.-11:lizabetb Fearns was charged with being drunk and disorderly in gleen-sts-ect the previ- ous night,—P.C. Gibtss said defenflant assa.olted her hush ani who then ran away. When wit-Isis went up to her she fell to the ground. ani with the assist,ince of Sergeant Lewis she was taken to the police station —Me Chief Constable slid the defendant had he re before the Con, t i times for ainoilar offences. Defendant tot I him in the cells that morning that t the Bench would deal lealent y with her she would take the pledge--On this understanding the case was a ijourned for two mouths to give defendant a chance to carry out her promise.

WARRING TON COUN cY PS Iry sE3iTONS. WEDNEBD/C—Before C.)lo 'el Ridgway (in the chair), and Mr. J. B dl.

MINOR CAHEH.--liVilltarn Hill was fined 5s and costs for being drunk at Woolston on the 7th ley.—Jarnes Hight= for having a dog at large at Middleton on the 13th May was fined 7s 6A including 003t3.—A fineof 7s 6d and costs was Impose on William Spicer. who did not appear, for keeping a dog without a license.—Joseph }leery Taylor was mulcted to the amount of 2s 64 and owls for riding a bicycle on the footpath at C feift on May sth.—Hannah Whitliebi was fine i 5s and costs for tie rig drunk and disorderly at Woolston on the information of P.C. Bellinger, who said deewient flourished a knife and threatened to stick it in his heart.— For a similar offence at Burtonwood on May 6th John Kelly wee fined 5s and costs.—Joseph Burrows, for being drunk in charge of a meurning coach and two hozsee at Sankey on the' Ist May was fined Sc including costs. A ROUGH OUBTOMER.—Peter Johnson was charged with assaulting Berker Ablersley on the 14th ',day and also with being disorderly and refusing ti genic the licensed premises In the oci.upation of taldersley.—Mr. Browne who prosecuted said Batker Alderily was the lic:usee of the Biagio and Child Hotel, Hollins Green. and on the cley in crestion defendant used bad lanenage whilst a number of people were la the room. Alrlersley ordered defendent to go out. Defendant refused'and ! is client got hold of him and got him to the door when the defendant struck hin. in the eye which was black the followiag ,tray. lie also twisted his leg. Defendant ran away and left his cap betind. Mr. fe,rlersiey sent for the police and Constable et& Ice took defect:lent into custo Barker Aldersley and Winifred Ridgeway bore out Mr. , Browne's statement. --Constable Clarke also gave evidence land defendant was fined 10a and costs for the assault and be and costs for refusing to quit. A Beatenouse KEEPER FINED.—Sohn Broadhurst, of Senkey, was charged with being the occupier of a room used as a bakehouse, on ihe 25th April, unfit for use on sanitary grounds.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Prank Kerfoot, sanitary Inspector to the Werrinet -in Rural I)istrict Council. I who instituted the prooeedings. said sn the day in question he visited the defendant's bakehoese. and found it in a filthy condition.—lt had not been wished for conic time, and cobwebs were on the ceiling. There we also some dirt from a net on the floor which had not been removed. Dirt Was caked on the floor. Witness called the attentica of two men who were working there to the state of the room, and the attention of the local policemen who was passing.—P.o Coupe corro- borated.--The two workmen were c lied to give evidence by the defendant. One of them said he 'craned the 11.ior twice a week and it would be done on the previous Saturday. What Mr. Kerfoot scraped off the fl ,or was mortar. In crossexamination witness admitted a dog, mentioned by Mr. Kerfoot, had 'aeon knocking about the bakehouse for a month.—The other witness. Summerfieid, said it was a very wet morning. and there had been thee or two vans to the bakehouse and the carrying of the tins in and out had trailed the dirt In from the street.—Defendant contended his bakehouse was as clean as any in Warrington —He was tine,' ss. CRUELTY TO • HORSE AT PoUvroei —Frank Brown was

"In the organism of man as in that of all the higilest animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portiou o the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." " Clarkes' World famed Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and will free the system from all impurities from whatever muse arising. For Scrofula. Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs Pimples, and Sores of all kinds. its effects are marvellous Thousands of testimonials. Sold iverywhere at 2s. 9i per botte. Beware of worthies. tin tations and subs.; qute,— Adv. 7

charged with having, oa the 9th May, Illtreated a horse by working it in an unfit condition at Poulton. and Frederick Lindley was summaned for causing the htrse tie he worked P.S. Bindle, said that at 3.30 on Tuesday afternoon, the 9th May. hew s In compaay with P.C. Bellinger in Warrington. read, Poulton when he +aw , gray horse attached to a lurry Laden wt h greengromries standing In front of a shop door. Underneath the horse's collar be noticed a raw wound about the size of a five shilling piece. When Brown oarae out of the sh,,p he q sectioned him abo tt the matter, and defendant said it was not a 'we and Ise rubbed it. Aritcess asked illm if there were any more on the aninial,and he replie i that Mr. Hewitt. the veterinary stir eon, had said they cool I work it when he examined it about a month previous. Defendant admitted there was another small sore nniernesth the s Witnets lifted (ha sadd e, atti found quite a mass of sores, one of which was suppu-ating. asked Brown why he was working the nurse In that condition, and he said he wee simply obeying his master's or are. -P. Bel,intrer gsve car- rob)r stlye evidenne. and Inspectar Cannirm It. described the sores on the horse and said he told Lindley he ought not to have seat it nu'. Lindley said he would get rid of the ant nal.—Defeodant said he did not consider there was any cruelty in settling the mare out. If he had thought so Ise would certainty not h ,ve worked it.— Brown was lined 2s 61 lacludlng costs, and Lindley WAS fined 5s and costs.

RUNCORN PErfY S'ESSION3

SIONDA.Y. - Before !Jess's iit.nry.ftvnoldi (presiding), and

W. Timmins.

A PALTRY CUSP:. Cberiesuths, Or ROO'S SktVaqB, was taking a walk thriuzit cert kin Italic occupied by ',lr. Joseph Astbury nt Halton, on the 4th of ltav, whee he was observod by James Howling, a farm 'ati,itsrer, he 'Kr. Astbury'a employ. As it was between san i 6 o'clook in the morning, Howlins was suspicio is. and watching Stubbs closely noticed he erosget one field got over the h.d,ge into the next, and walked sharply after a hare that got up before him. Although Stubbs never got any nearer to toe hare then 60 yards. Howling hought he w fnily j istifi id in shouting effer him. This caused itubbs to stop and turn roun.i. When Howling came up to him he ealcel etnbbs " what he was doing there?" Stubne replied " I have come from that pit over there." /towline then said " All right Stubbs; you will hear more of it," Itivtlins then took the trouble to ascertain that Stubbs had no snares or implements for catchUgg game, an i striNhtway went and repo-ted the incident to 14r. Waiitn (114jor izlehurst's gamekeeper), with the result that Stillobs was brought up before the Bench charged with unlawfu trespass —.gtubbs said he was not guilty. He was taking n wa,k and at the time complainant came up to him he was on the footpoth.—Howlins said that was so, and also stated thee was oo do d; o• antein4 with him. Mr. Walton, called, testified to police notices having been issued against trespassing. Hi said ha knew Stubbs very well—but never heard tell of him doing any work. His usual oceupation would be what hi was engaged in that morning.—The Chairman said there was not sufficient evid- ence in the case to convict. It would therefore be dis- missed. _ _ _

13KPENSIVB RAILWAY JOURNSY —lobart Birlow. of 78. Surrey-str..et,iluncorn. admitted that he hat travelle I on the IL 'and N.W. Railway from Liverpool to Runcorn without havln2 previously paid his fare. on the Ist of April ; and also said he did vive A wrong name and ad tress to one ef the railway officials wen asked, upon the same dve.—Oeteetive Inspec or is.tkins (of the L and N W. Railway Company) ' said it appeared that the defendant; travelled as stated on the day in question. He was noticed getting over the fence at Rune irn Station. by one of the porters. The porter fol- lows' him and asks I him his reason. He said he had not come by tr tin. Not being satisfied the porter took him to ties ticket-colleetor's offi ie. and on being questioned defen- dant gave his name as T. Parr. of Riles:mere-street. It was then ascertained that he did not live there, but that he lived in siurrey-street. ,In tin foil >silo!? 40. i tip ilefeaclant name to the Railway *illation and seeing the Stationmaster said he had come to pay his f ‘re from Liverpool to Runcorn, making an °arouse at tie time that he wus in drink. The Station- master said as it had been ascertained he gave a wrong name and address he would not take the mon:.y. Defend tat . üb• aequent:y calla.' at the Bete& lye office, and ,ffer,l to pay.— The penalty for both off Incas was 40s. and costs in each case.— Alfred Ellison. railway porter. corroborated The drtendant had ball se ne drink —Floe Bench imposed fines of 10s• and Bs. ed costs in etch case A. COSTLY PIERCE 0,, INFORNEA.TM.—SaiinII Pied, was locked no on the 13th of May. fer.being drunk. On the fol- lowing day he prevailed upon the Superintendent of the Police to lr.t him out on bail The Superinten lent did so binding him in the u nit way for 503. to appear at the Sessions Rie I (IA not apolar, snd the case !saving been prove • by PC Smith ho was fined 53. and costs or seven days for being drunk ; and the Bench ordered his recognis- ancas to be Pstreated. _ _ _ _ . _

-..-- DRUNK AND Die IRDERLY.--For being drunk and disorderly in Pool-1 me, Runcorn at 10 p tn. on the 13th of May, William Whittle was fine I 113 and costs or 14 d tys. BERATIOUR.—Karriet Baxter, who pleaded guilty to cornmittin4 the abov.t offence in Wersey-street on Saturday night last was committed to Knutsford with hird %hour for 3 months.—As she left tn. court. B tater nodding te the Bench said -Alt the better "--1 ,tnt Bollard for ai.tin4 and abetting wee mulcted in a fine ant c nits amounting ta 18s 64.—Tha ca+es were pro•,ed by P.O. Smith. Scitoot ArrEYDs.xcs: Caixi. -The following parents were fined 61 and 4s 6d e ,sts fo breaches of the Education Act : John Martin,boats ; Peter Knight, Hill street ; W Bassnett. Gilbert-street ; Jitho Duk •fi std. Pelketh.lane ; Thomas Hughes, Briscos-st eat (proceeds i against by Runcorn School "nerd) ; and Willi tug Sutton (pr:xteede agsia-4 5y the Runcorn Union).—Bvidance was given by School Attendance Officers: T 13Jwyer,G How tri:, and V ii Britnelow.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.

RESIGNATION ott A g ENGINE DRIVER.

RE‘TA.RK kBLE S CATEIiENT'S.

In the common run of die, no class of men is trusted more than railway eneine drivers, antl eaves:By it must he admitted that they are deserving of confidence. It has often been found (het the: safety of hundreds of lives hie been the result of the heroism ot the driver of a train. One of those who spent such a life as this is Mr. James Caok. now the handler I of the" Post Bey," Bridge-street Hitchits, who is forty-six rears of are, and who had been a driver on the Great Northern Railway for fourteen years, and was connected with the line tor over twenty- three years altoesthsr. It was to asc .rtain why he relinquished railway work that a reporter from "The Bedfordshire Express " interviewed Mr. Cook, who stated : I never intfindmi giving up the work cullal three sum- mers ago I became ill with indigestion ; it went off liar a time, but came on aeein. atad it seemed as though there was no hope for me at all. I kept en sm:il I could stand it no longer and hsd to give up railway work. The doc- tors said I we suffAeng from carenit: gastritis and ul- cerated stomach. and thev gave me no. Londen doctors tole me the same thing. A. good many people thought I was in a decline I had a g-eat gnawing at the chest and beek frarns dissased liver ; nothing that I ate would keep diven me ; it never seemed to go further than my che-t. Th'n I was eiscaes in min, whether hael food or not ; I did not know what it was to have an heues comfort. At last Iw :9 permeate-1 to try Dr. Williams' piek pills for ptle ettop!e. At that time I was ill in bed. and I had not had one box before I foetid great reset from them, awl began to eat very well— bore I had no appetite, and could not eat at all." n.‘t How many boxes did you have in all? "I hal nine : and now I sin well. I have never heel sick or ill since. I never could keep anything down once ; but since taking Dr. Wiliams' pink pills I have never vernited a sinele meal. If I had known abeut these pills torfnre, I should never have given up railway work. I believed I took every kind of advertieed melicine before I tried these, but twee of them had any effect on me." One of the thMes that Dr. Williams' piek pillz are al- ways curine, which purgative pills and mixtures never cure perne-insetly, is 'lisor.leret dieerioe. When toe blood is net in a pr.lear state to absorb and tue up the nourishment in the fold taken, the stomach re bels and refuses to digest that food. The feed may he "moved on," still undigested, by a purge ; but that is not a cure. Oa the controre,the isteenacta is afterwards left dry and sluvise, and toe patient worse. An a,t.ek of censtipstloe eel rh,- always follows the tnnoorary re- lief afferted by pureetives. pit,k pills, on the contrary, do en atf 'et the bowels, but by enabling the blood to absorb aed make use Of the nourishment in th fool, they remove th a cane of indios7iett and pa:- menently cure its effects. Tee eyrnpto.n aof indigestion are pain in the stomach, fishiest; or distention after meals, wind, hiccouh and eructation, sickness, bile,di:- toste for fond, a yellow tongue, loss of appetite, bad complexion, had taste in the moutte Indigestion roe:e- lected leads; to liver complaints, giving l'i?3 to small imaginary floating epecke clearly seen before the eyes, espscWly in the morning, pain between the shoulders, drowsiness, leek of appetite, low spirits, had temper. cirm it, move to bewels freely With some simple -,eerieni; siihseqeentic commence with tone Dr. Willianis' pile pill after each meal,incresse to two at a dose after a week. Some wry severe and chronic cases have been thus p-rmtnently

,t4A...54.:..c,--, ,•.1 OtOttentergitiNtO* 7 -' Dr.W I LLI IBIS' PINK PILLS Price, 2,9. , Lave cured many thousands of ca.ses of Paralysis, St. Vitus' i Dance, Rheumatism, Indly•estion, • boxes. . Skin Diseases, Consumption, and -!,.', all Ladies' Ailments. Beware of Sub 41s:cid; ,•4\ N L\\ ; , "..-.._ The 1. r. Williams' M .: genuine ~ Pills , Company, 46, Holborn N . corn. in, ' . • . . London, E.C., enclosing , wrapper . as above. ''h • 4'6'..f.‘-":20VITS411400181 '. •

A.ILDINGTON BOOKS AND M S.

In giancin,,c throagn tht library Of the late Rev. Pniiip Graham, of Darwen, rec,mtly purchased by a local bookst-lier, Mr. Ashton, the Blackburn Cor- poration librarian, iliscovered a large numner of books and manu,clipts of interest to War- rington. Be communicated his discovery to the Warrington librarian, and the Corrration have requested the while of the books and documents be forwarded to them for inipe;tion.

OUR LOCAL CITURCIIES.

stitutes,

11, 401 41. i'd%l4

Substitutes never cure I

If substitutes -re offered, please send direct to Dr edicine 'induct, price.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

Despite the heavy ebowers of rain which fell on Sunday afternoon, there was a goed attendance at the mewieg of the Wycliffe P.S A. Secietv. The Rev. C. E. Watson, of Lymm, presPed, and delivered a short address. Tie addresg prope was ieliv,--red by the Rev. J.F. Matthews, of Lit,ctifer J. At thetoutset he remarked that thcso connected with his Church at Latchford were delighted at the extraordinary seccess of the Wycliffe B tar. They tegarded it as a triumph of the Congrega- tionalism which they at Litchford held in common with them. fie prolleeded to speak on the euhjec: " What is the worth of your inftience ?" and showed that all had some iofhence to a greater or leaser extent. He pointed out the importance of everyone being careful that ilv:r influvice, wheth.r it exteeded over a large aria or only a narrow circle, should be of the best kind po3sible. Let Christ coins into their lives,and they would have rho joy and pleasure of knowing of men and women being guided by their couosel and led their sweet inda-nce and Ilf 1. Mrs Welch, of B ,Iton, very etTmtively sang "Diedy" and "The Prom;se of Life." The service was also taken part in by Mr. A. Lang and Mr. Hawthorn.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
CAIRO-STREET CfIAPEL.

Anniotrsary services in conneci In with tido Sueday school were held on Sunday in Cairo-)tre't Chapel. The piloit. which had been tastefully docorated with flowers, was occupied morning and evening by the Rev. Charles Hargrove, of Leeds. In the afterresen Mr. J. Wigley, of Pondl ton, gave an address to the sch)lers and par-uta. In the evening the /reacher took for his test, "Where th y seek m., find me." There dwelt once upon a time,ho ssie,a rustn people vrho sowed and reaped the harvests an I cs(Te well contented. They tank life philns )phically and multiple I. But somehow in tee course of aee there csme noels this people now longings and dihcon-s tent. They grieved for smnething they knew not what but som e.hine hotter, nobler, higher. Thoughts were called to their minds, and visions slowly /shared of glorious dwellings of men far away beyond the moun- tains, where every house CC as beautiful and grand, the sunsain, never cased and storms never broke. The people talked one with another and. each told his neigh- bour what was his thought and dream ; and one with eno'her thee compared their viviens and dreams. At length one bolder than the others rose tin and spoke saving that talk and dreams never yet accomplished things. He urged that they should all go togetrer t) seek for what they wanted. But not to all of them did his counsel seem, good. Disseatien tosk place amongst th'm rill they were bitter one against the other about the course to be taker, and at last etch group of the c mnpany took the way that seemed bsst. And s 3 they travelle 1 on, fostsore, and weary. ml reduced in ntimo"rs and eventually all gained the mountain sumezit and saw far ay on the herizon the object of their toil and search—,he glorious city of their dreams; '['nee press-d on across plain and desert and lingering not Ira pleasant ways al the groups be different routes eventually reached their god. From his simple little at )ry the preacher drew a fine object lessen forcibly pointing out the absurdity of so many ways of salvation, each particular party belisving theirs the richt way, while millions of Roman Catholics made their watch- ward : Out;Ae the Church ro salvation. There were large enneregvions at each service, and collections were made in aid of the school funds. GOLBORNE STREET RXPTIST CIIAPEL.

'floe Bael.ist Sunday school held its anniversary on Sunday, which event procei to be one of the mest sue- c,‘sful sine tee formation of the school. The Rev.G.F. West, of Byrom Hall. Liverpool, was the preacher morn- in, and evening. His utterances were in perfect har- mony with the occasion and directed more especially to those engaged in instructing the young both in the eomp and school. The sialj .ct of the morning's dis- course wag Genesis iv. 34 ; the evening's text being " awake thou that 91popest, and arise from the bed, and elotict shall give rhea light." This the preacher used as a call to more earnest and feithful service to thwei al- ready crogag,d in working for the extension of the gospel,witilst to those vet unconverted it became a very s shsmn message and warninz In the afternoon a choral setViel Was held, presided over by Mr.W.Hickman, who in the course of a brief address, commended the work at Goltoorne-str ret, as one, ta his own personal observance of steady pr ogress and adv ance. The Rev. G. F. West de'iverei an address to the children which proved his power of work amongst children to be one of no mean order. Recitations were given by the following scholars: Hilda Heywood, May Tynan, Beatrice Hands, Rose Tynan, Mabel Free- man, and Tom Fernley. A special feature of the day's services was the fact that the whole of the musical pre- gramme was sustained by the scholars, who had been carefully trained by Mr. Owen, the nieces selected cern- prisd hymns, solos and choruses, the whole of which were rendered in a manner which reflected the greatest credit, the exp-easicn and time toping beyond reproach. The selol were sustained by Mi4Fesl Mansell, Walker, and Kate Hamer. The c.oneregationa were good, the chapel, at the evening service heing complet,ly flied. The total collcctions realized £l3 53 the largest amount coreri- hilted tor a nember of years.

PRIMITIVE ME TRODTST MISSION (SHARP-STREET). In connection with this church, the Sunder Scheol Anniversary was held on Sunday last, and in every se:ISP eroved to be of a very successful character. From 9toll in the morning, the scholsrs, healed by the preacher (Rev W J Kirkland,ot Melton Mo wbrar), super- intendent, Mr. H. 0. Bennett; secretary, E. J. Knowles, along with the teachers, walked in pro cesaion around the neighbourhood, singing at intervals special anniversary hymns. At 11 o'clock a children's service was held in the mission, 'ellen a anry appropriate adelvse was delivered by Mr. J. Bis- sell, of Stackton Heath. The afternoon and evening services, which were largely attended, were conducted by the Rev. 'W. J. Kirkland, who prearthed with much earnestness and zeal, frroatt the texts (afternoon) Proverbs 4-18 and (evening) Isaiah 27.2 to 5. Daring these services an augmented choir under the leadership of Mr. M. Butterfield rendered ie a most praiseworthy mann-r the anthems "Daughter of Zion" and "Gratitude" (Fawrett). Soloists : Mrs Moores, Mrs Bissell, Miss Shaer. Miss Bridge, Miss Knowles, and Mips F Wildman. The calle3i ions were excellent, exceed- ing those of past rears. Mr W Kean had eh arge of the organ. and peeformed his duties in a creditable manner. On Monday evenirg a tea meeting was held, the nro- visioes being most geperotaely given by Mrs Richard Bridge, to which about 90 sat down. Afterwards a public meeting was held (presided over by the Rev C Finch) the occasion being resarded as the nucleus ot the institution of a new chapel &Arline fund, to which the proceeds of the tea were handed over. At this meeting. addressr's on the ssihject were delivered by the Chair- man, Messrs J Griffiths, D Lewis, (Widnes), E .1 Morton, II 0 Bennett, and the Roy W J Kirkland, when sums varying from LI. to £lO were promised towards this oToject, the total being very encouraging.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANN'S CHURCff

We gather from the Piri,ih Maenzins of St. Ann's. Warrington, that the efforts of the Rev. J. Davies, the Vicar, to raise the £7OO t qualify for a like sum granted ty the Ecclesiastical Commissioners towards the Vcl rage Scheme has teen sacceaaful. Before the Fund can he closei, however, some £l3O is required,and as the build- ing is to be a memorial to our Gracious Queen, it is hoed many will send, if only a ern..411 sum, towards the balanci needed on or before the 24th inst., the Queen's Pi,istieth birthday. To quote from the Maeezine " The Vicar as treasurer will gladly rtceive such "Loyal Dona- tions."

===== 0002601_18990519_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
IS TaE GOSPFA, PREAMFIED ?

Me. W. Stewart. of Droyls4en, teetered in the Bold- stret t Cnrisradelphian Ream on Senday, en the subject announced "18 the everlasting gospel of Christ preached by the Churchee ?" The lecturer remarked fleet it was impossible ti place too great importance upon the sub- ject, as it was of vital moment,fer Paul stated the gospel of Christ was the power of God unto Salvation to every- one teat believed, and if the gospel of Christ were not preached by the Churches, how could they be saved. If they did not; believe they could not be saved, and as the Churches preached that they had souls in their bodies which went to heaven or hell at deeth and that the Viiefat wretch could be saved on the ceiffnid, Eve,—ideae whieh stultified the gospel of ChriFt"-- thtW were compelled to give a nee4tive reply to the queetioe 'antler consideration. They were alse t tueht in the church that faith alone would save which was contrary ti merinture (James 2, 24-26). and these blind leaders of the blind who were cursed of God (Gal. 1-8) had made their iheaeers drunk :as was ek ewri wreild be the ease some 1800 years ago (Rev. 17. 2). The lecturer cave numerous references in show- in e what the eospel yr Is and stated that it cons'sted of certain promieee made to Abraham and his seed re- speeting the land of Canaan, which had not ye t been fulfilled and which could not be tulfilled b-fore the resur- rection of those who were not des& To those who did nett helieee in a resurrection of the body—and there were many Sadducces to-day in this matter—the answer of Chtiet was as pointed toelay as in the first centery. " erred, not krowinz the Scriptoria, nor the power of God." Mr. Stewart, after dealing folly with the peeetion of resurrectiess in its varied eseents,polorei cu' that Peter and Isaieh warned them ff If they speak not Recording to this we'd, it is heraes, there is no Heft in them." And Christ. words were with referenee to the goepel " Re that helieveth and is baprised slrrtlt be saved ; but he that believeth net ehall he damned."

===== 0002601_18990519_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDS' MEETING ROUSE.

the Friends' nous,. Buttermarket-street. a lattethv adJrrsa on "ThA Souprewas &livered hy Mr. J. W. Graham, M.A., of M anchester, on Sunday evening. Ho pointe 1 out that they had substantially foil: narratives of the supper-Inm romtron to Matthew and Mark, one in Loire, one in hi, awl one in the first Enis 11 to the Corinthians. D. t were given a., to the eitiere,nt versions. Mr. Grah:m pointed nut that th,* c )tornoninn was a spiritual stimulant, and they believed that, on the whole, it was tiptri.r to do without stimul- ants. That was the grininl or Ih, Quaker preference for an evrrydac lil of cenvnunion,a dailv feetling upon Christ. The frieurla Lai &ne without that means of gta for about two centuries and a Ivklf, and he knew of 110!bitig to show that their spiritual privreges had

been less than thote 'f their fellow-cir'zlas. Tne Divine presFqlcs had L'en c.nd was in mc?suie antrilay Saints na been b)rn unbaptised and aitsd uniihriven their communion, and stid did so. Re e•ncluded by giv- ing quotations from the Scriptures to show the rest cr,a- ditions of Divine cc.rornunion, and tkieze included the following :—"I am the bread o lif•:•," "He thAt csmoth to Me shall not oui-gr,r, ho aat bel.veth n Me shall never thirst," "Whosoever shall do th., will of Gd, the same is Mv brother and sister and moth:-r';' "For what cloth the Lrird thy God require ot thee bur ti do justice and to love mercy and to walk humble with thy God?"; "For I desire mercy and not sacrifice, and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings"; "What care I for the graat number of your sAerifices ?"; Ni w moons and Sabbath, the calling at assetnblieii. 1 catinot away with"; "Your new moons and your a.‘tt days my soul hates."

===== 0002601_18990519_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CEIESFIIRE COUNTY ASSOCIA HON. CHAMPIONSHIP SERIFS.

WARRINGTON' (CEMETERY) Y. LEYENSHULME.—The War- ringtonians opened their 1899 camp•i. n with a de-cisive viatery over Levenshulme. The match was played on the green attached to the Angel Hotel, Stretford. but rain tell nearly the whole of the afternoon, and as a consequence there were several surprises, Warrington's first quartette of trundlers opened well, as three gained such subst tntial victories that the ex-champions enjo7ed a lead of 24 shots when the next set of players entered on their ta, k. R. Rothwell never gave his friends cause for anxiety, whilst the new player. D. Doherty, who was formerly associated with Lower Broughfon, justified his select' n by taki g the lead from the first end,and winning handsomely by elr yen points. , The defeat f A. J. Jones was indeed a surprise, ilnd al- though the Warringtonian was hopelessly in arrear at one period he made a bo'd effort, getting within two his opponent. The game beween J. Allison MO H. Mclitso.hn e was a ding-dong battle thrnighout, and the tie extended over 33 ends. The players peeled five times. and though McKechnie drew the jack at the 32nd eni making the game 20-19 the ex-champion with a couple of excellent woods won the match by a single shot amidst the hearty congratulations of his comrades. The most decisive victory oi the Lfternoon was that accomplished by CI Ball, jun.. whose game with J Millward only extended over twenty ends TCo per )rati- fied his selection by accounting for J flo.,ertir whilst T Bolton displayed all his old form in his game, It li. liobinson. the Leyenshnime player,not scoring until ton ends had been con- tested. The defeat of T Ashton was indeed a surprise paricet but at no particular point of the game did Ashton look like overhauling the strong lead established by his opponent. It will thus be seen that when the se3ond huartette had finished their games the Warring- tonians led by 44 points. T Bridge in his game with A Roberts never caused uneasiness in the Warrington camp, and the substantial win by eleven points was one lull of merit. Th.t con latent bowler Hermon Willi .ins experience one of his " off" days, and from the thirteenth end the Levenshulme trundler ran out a winner by a dezen shots. 11 Taylor also failed in his game with J dillwood, but H Anderton was seen at his best in his game with J The Warrington skipper was eight points in arrea•• at the twenty-third end, but his opponent only notched another point, and Anderton taking the j‘ck at the twenty-sixth end never allowed his opponent another chance and ran out a winner by two points Warrington thus won by 31 points, and the large majority of eight wins to to r in their favour paints to the all Jound ex_ellenee of the team. Score s—.

WARRINGTON. LETRNtiIitTLME. R Rothwell 2l L Bayley D Doherty A J J.nes J Allison 2l H M'K,ehnie G Ball. jun T Cooper 2l J Hol•ert3 T Bolt.n 2l R R Robinson .1 Ashton.. ... 7 J Barker 2l

T Br!Age 2l A Roberta H Williams It Taylor l2 3 Milwr.rd R Anderton

211 Majority 31 for Warrington,

STRETFORD Y. LEIGH.—The Railway Club at Leigh took part in A county match for the first time and mAde a favour- able return. Stretford trundled steAdily throughout. and gained a place in the next round by 19 shots. This match took place at Pendleton. Score . STRETFORD. LEIGH (RAILWAY). W Fallows

-D-ri-n-kWater l3 J GreenhAloh _ 21

S Alsop 2O Jos Parr.. — 2 l J‘s Johnson 0 ICe.low 2l H Harrison l2 T Lvthgoe A Twiss 2O It Willinan J Whitehead

D Wiggleswort h R Moncrieff l5 J Baine 2l J Chambers 2l W 2ernberton 9 W Shawcross

220 Majority 19 for Stretford.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITS

MANX ARMS v. BLACK BEAR.

The fixture between th•ne clubs on Saturday resulted in a victory for Manx Arms by nine shots. Score

- MANX BMS. - BLACK BEAR. H Jackson (captain) T Broadhurst 8 H Taylor A Isherwoad l5 P Daniels J H Taylor l5 Cook W Lomas _

J FiHingham l5 Ir Boardman 8 J Crossley T Higharn Joseoh Isherwood l5 G Taylor J Lomas 8 Taylor l5 J Allen

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER THE MOM—Advt. ASK fez. CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATRllB.—Advt. _

CYCLES. Premiers. £lO 108 ; Excelsior°. £l2 Os Od New Rapids £l5 lOs (ki. Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND UNDER, Tug CLOOKFoFt GOOD BOOT-I.—hd4. CYCLES. —Special Ladies and Gents Machines a El 15s See Windows, J. R. GARLAND. Bridge-st.. Warrington. LADIES BitST GLELCH ROOTS AND SHOES UNDBE THE CLOCK. fiRIDGE-STEIHRT.—Ndvt.

REPAIRS. BANDSNIHN OF WARRINGTON AND DISTINIC t do not have your Instrnmenta 4 - spoiled by unskilful hands, but send direct to the M AKRRS where they will have prompt and -"xr.l4 careful attention. •tt)s BE3SON & CO., LTD., Repd,ing Branch : 37,CHRRTHAM HILL-ROAD, MANCHRSTRR. LONDON ORTICE : 193, HINTON-ROAD.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Catch Your Hare

and then roast it. Certainly. Like the lads who put salt on tiwi birds' tails, and then catch 'em. Wise boys he . Don't hallos before you are out of the word. flares ars not caught by whistling to them. They may like the music, but they prefer to bear it t.vo or three fields off. Make sure as ycn go along, Catch yoisr hare, and then roast it. Get a good thing, and then use it. Of course,that's just our point. N,w, Ng() Woodcock's Wind Pills are a good thing. We're sure of it. For the cure of Indigestion. Wind in the Stomach, Biliousness, Liver C. mpiaints, Spasms, Sick Headache, &

Ithey are pricelea. Being purely Vegetable, Taste- es % and Mill and Tonic in their action they may bt. taken with perfect (safety by the ;most delicate of either ex.

Mr. Richard Kirk, Everton Mill, Bast try, says: "I cant', t auffloie,tly thank you for the great benefit I I,ase obtained through taking your Wind Pil's. Thre-: years age I had a very bad attack of Influenza. which left me setiously ill ; my face and bands used to swell ; I was short of breath, pains in my Back and Chest, was also troubled with a bad 'Cough; I was recommended to try your Wind Pills, and they have done me more good than I can desclibe. You may publish my name and address."

Page Woodcock's Wird Pills are sold by all Medicine Vendors at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Post free for price by Paige Woodcock, Lice°le.

Be particular that you ask for 11 Page Wood- cock's Wind Pills," aid see that you get no other.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

GBO. G. HUSSEY AND CO.'S (Coe famed manufac- tures. Inc,unparable " Lemon Driver" Bats. Every requiaite r Cricket. Unequalled Tanis Rackets. Every requisite for Lawn Tennis. Best Value Croquet. Modest or Ssinerb. High Grade Go(t Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask le.cal Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 and 33, Queen Victoria St. London. Factories—Peckham, London; and Elmswell, Suffolk.— Advt. (4)

===== 0002601_18990519_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Rugby Prot- ball Club is now a thing of tae past, and the excitement which has been gen Prated clueing the last few we ks is simmering down. A bEt'er meeting could not have hien wished for, and no better evidence that there is a dee,. concern manifested in the success of the club by the members, could have been wished for than that afforded by the crowded rorm (mei the Marltet Place Post Office. Ever 5 thing rased off amicably, though aere were one or two contretemps which vete not of the pleasartest for some of the penn'e mostly concerhed. Councdlor Tinnion made an effic,ert chairmm and contrived with fair EUCCei3 to combine his cfficial duties with his na- tural d.sire to epe.ik out in the character of a nymber of the club. And this task was not altogether of the easiest.

I expected changes, I prophesied changes,and changes were made—imporant changss too, though not of so sweeping a ct•aoacter as seemed at first probable. First and foremost came the presidmcy, and for this position out of the five gentlemen nominated. only two went to the poll. Councillor John Evars. the rething president, seemed to be stanti,ng on his dignity, and though not present he intimated his determination not to enter into competition for the position—if it was not to be had for ths ca 4 log I suppose Mr. Ernest L. Fletcher was elected president, by a thumping majority, as an elec- tioneerer would say, and I think he will be the right man in the right place. Flo has youth, and it is to be suppesed enthusia,,,r on hi,' side, whilr, his position in the town makes it a stiil more valuitNe acquisition t, 'he club. Lovers ot triethall thirougtont the town, and there are thousands of them, will wish him success. It would be a fitting augury if he could but see the tide turn, and bear the club on its boeom,during his first year of office. Such a consummation is devoutly to be wished toe.

Mr. Warren was present, and tontine somewhat moo like himself, which was a fact noted mitt) pleasure by the meetinff. But ~be did not please anN- body by withdraving his name from the nomina- tion for the office he has held so lone—that of secretary. He seemed to be influenced by the same spirit as the absent Councillor Evans, and would under no circumstances allow his name to go to the poll. Mr. T. Wsllington created some surprise by finding that he would be unable to perform the duties of secretary if elected, and also withdrawinq. Thus Mr. Henry Ash- ton was left all forlorn, the solitary candidate for the office, :Ind he meeting had perforce to elect him. They did so cord.ally and unanimously however. It was not a pleasant poeitien for Mr. Ashton to be in, and things would have been very much more satisfactory if the ballot hs.d been allowed to decide the matter in its own proper why. He has a big task before him, but with the general support of the members, there is no reason why Mr. Ashtcn should not prove a worttly successor to Mr. Warren.

By the way I W3EI very oleahed to hear the suggration mooted, that a testimonial should be prcsPnted to Mr. Warren. as home recognition of the valuable service he has reedered the club in times oast.He deserw s the honour, and I hope the schrme wtll be heartily taken up in the sewn.

Pertaps the only thing that caused me surprise, was the voting for committee. Only six mr-mbers were needed, but cut of those six, five are last season's representatives on the board of management. Mr. T. Barnes, sen., being the only new addition. He should ha a useful one too, for his energy and outspokenness are he words. There seems to be a lack of busilrpss men on the committee,and it would have been better for the club if one or two old players—very erimable fellows—had given place to men whose buil- nest ability was more on a par with the management of a Northern Union Club in these days of keen competi- tion.

During the pragress of the meeting there was AOMA trenchant criticism of the policy adopted by the cone- mitt,e in the past season. Most of the criticism came from the lips cf Mr. Barnes,and the applause his remarks received was an indication of the feeling of dissatisfac- tion which has so hug pervaded the breasts of members. It is scarcely worth while going into the matters raised, the ;:r,..•.und has been vrell covered in this eolumn on manV occasions, and we must rely on the undertakinft'— whe`her authorised or not—given by the Chairman, i.e. that the W F.C. means to have good players, good foot- ball, and good gates in the seasons to come. Might I suggest that it is not too early now to look out for talent. It has been the dic streus practice previrusly to leave all such efforts till the season has got under weigh and invaluable prints have been log. Though the representation is not an largely changed, I think the 1-exaction in t".e s'ze of the board of manage- ment v ill work for good, and tend to the more harmon- ious and successful conduct of the club.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

I have lately been making a change in chains. My old bin& chain having becomo a little worn I cast shout for a successor, and necided upon the Alfred Arnaleby twin-roller chain as the one most sulable. This iP my first expsriericc of roller ci,ains and I must say at cane that the chain I have now in we is a great improvement on the previous one. A block chain always OVFS satisfac- tion, if it is a good make, but for sweet running it cannot compare with the half•inch pitch el. twin-roller. Riders using block chains of standard pitch can hlways change to twin-roller without eelay, for the same chain wheels if nut badly worn fit the rollers. Alfred Appleby's. Limited, stand at the ttls of Iha tren among chain-makers, and have this year snpolied thc Poleec-Whitwerth rompany with between 25,000 and 30,000 chains, Besides the roiselessness and easy rinning qual ties of the Alfred Applstry twin rollers I find that it can he adirsted to a greater nicer and tension than the blcck chin, with the result that evpn pedalling and the tralimom of power are to be obtained from i.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW 'Bus Sitnvicß.

On Sal urdlv ct er v ice of between the Cen tray Stain, Whrrintzton, t3nd Fearnhead was com- menced. The'bu.es run Ilnurly from each terminus, and imiging him the manner in which the have already been patronized, the innlvation should be a EuPePsFf ul one. CHINA TEA SERVICES, Dinner Services, ToPet and Triu Set.. Cheapest honse.-4. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington,

itA HAW AI TINE TABLE

MAY. FROM WARANGTON

Acton Iltidge-7 10, 7 40 8 28, IC 20, 11 35 1,25 , 2,55. s'i 20, 3,35 7 20 lb. bunclays 10.15 a na. AU -tar and Hlllhouse-7 15 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sunlays 9 .36 2 5 85. a Stcps if rpuirea.

liriningim (L N -W.) a 2 58. b 323710, 9,50 120. 5 20, 720 Samdays 2 58. 10 10, alloticlaya excepted. bliondays only Birmingham (15iSid1and)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 6 65.11 52. Sundays.s 15 p...12a _

Blackburn -5 29.5 46, Ei 35. 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50,6 29. 850 Sundays 843.66. 1341(.1,1,001-6 29, 545, 835. 9561 l 50.12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50. 6 28 7,17, 8 50 9 4 . Srindays 843 335 6 0. Bolton-5 45, 8 5.9 19,10 40,12 14.12 26, 3,32 Sundays 843 a.m.,b 15.8 28. p.m, a,aturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37s ni,s 29,5 46.9 56 11 60. 12 20,1 65, 6 28. Sun- days 2 37. 3 36. Chester-7 10 8,28, 9,50 10.20 a 2 58, 2 5 7,20 11,34 12.1) Sundays 2,58 10,15 4, b aftlondays exe-pied Cullius Green-7 6. 85, 9 21, 10 10, 12 7. 2 35, 3 40, 515. 633,7 8, 740, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe—a2 58, b 3 23, 710, 9 JO, iv 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 520, 622,7 2 34. Sundays 2 58.10 151 5.11 35.altund ay excepted. bAiondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 5 11. 6 4, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (11dland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55,12 29, 12 15, 4 7 50, 6 5,11 5.2. Sundays 515 p.m. liariestuy.n —6.45 7 5.8 5.8 25.9 25, 10 13,10 20,11,0 12 7. 12 25 1 55. 2,35 3 40 3,5 5.1:: 5,20 6,23. 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,58 10,30 Suudays, 1 4 , 8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,9 14 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry ,t Penlatti —7 33. 8 25, 9 43, 11 53. 1 55 3.20 620, 17.80. 943. Suud.iya •2 48,2 40. 3V.

Frodabilm—'7 31.9 5 10 23. 12 25. 2 0. 315:41.22, 5 11. 6 4 7,44 , 10 14. _Sundays _13,44 a.m...7 45 p.m.

Ga.rston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 la 6 215. 40. 76. 80. b 940, d 1025. 119 Sundays 9U. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 )0, 9 18, 10 18. dSat.urdays only. bduturdsys ex,iepted.

Glazgoiv-2 37: 529, 956, 1150, 1225. 1 55, *5O. days 1, 2 ,31, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25. 1 55,3 50, 5 20, 7 1 955. b Ink day a 8 43,6 0.,_

Hough tire-en-7 12, 757. 831, 95. a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 215 40. 60. 75. 80. b 9 40, alo 25, Sunday 90, 93 11 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays emceptea. Ulan' and Cadishead (Uentral)— 7 u,7 55, 8 2, 7 9 15- undays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18, 9 35. Latcliford—From Arpley Stk,tiou-6 40, 7 22. 8 0,8 35, 9 0„ 950 tu 49, 12 36, 114. 338. 4 11.5 IS, 6 13. 18, at 45. 527 Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 11, as 32. 75, 85, 8 35 9 25, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 5,15 5 4J, 18. 7 4U, 1030. Suniays 35, 510. 530, 835, b 43, 3,285 10. 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aldondays excepted._

Liverpool (From Low LevelPlatform)-7 38, 8 15, 10 9, 11 *3, 1 05. 320,5 40, 6 17,8 g. 9 48. sun:lays 8 48, 2 40, 760 Liverpool (Cheshire Liues)-7 12, 7 37, 8 31, 95, 1021, 12 0, 13, 1 8,2 15, 3 07 4U. 5 55 75.80, 69 a4U 10 25 11 15, 11 .59 suuday s 9 ~ 955. 11 2.5,2 .39. 7 10, d 18 10 18,1C143, aturday s uuly. bexcepi Saturdays. &N. W .)-2 58,5, a 3 23. 710. 950, 120, 2 5 5 2./, 622, 11 34. undays 2 58, 10 t 5, 40, 11 35,6.)iondays excepted altoudays only. Loudon (hlidlaud)-5 b, 846. 958, 12 55, 5 u,6 55, 11 52. unday .1 .55. a.m., 0 1,0 p.m. Lymin-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 30, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14, 2 43, 3 Jo, 4 11, Ei 18. 6 t 3. 78. a? 45. 9 21. Suuday* 850, 3 12. aSattu days only Manchester (L. a N.-W.) 7 20, 755 330 8 57,9 55, 1346, 1 1L,2 38 3 35. 4 9,9 W. 7 6,9 25.11 40. Sundays 846, 35,8 10,. 11 40. F..im High Level Platt owl. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)— 6 20 22, 8 0. 8 35, 9 0, 9 58. 10 49. 1 14. 2 4. ,3 38, 4 11.6 13. 7 8, 9' 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 812. From ttrpley station.

.hlanches'ter-(6l;eshit's Lines)—? v, 7 55.-8 2,8 55,-9 2, 9 5.5, 10 55 11 6, 11 23,11 50,12 55. 1 50. 2 53. .5 55, 4 55, 5 55, 85,5 7 IC. 7 bb, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, y 55, Sundays. 56, 9 37,10 14, 3u, 3 15,5 15, 18,8. 55 92310 U. kluidibwien-7 40,.10 2J. 2 ebb, 5 35b.7 20.63aturdays onlys bioura-7 40,10 20, il 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 1 a.m.

Newton-le-Willows-7 5, 3 35, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 43 9 20. 9 50, 10 30. SundBvsB 43. a.m. i 0,9 04. radote-7 0, 7 55,.8 2,8 40.10 26, 11,6 12 0 12 20,1 44,2 40 3 55.5 26,1 10,8 12.9 15. Sundays d 56.10 14, 347, 0 15.9 35 Preston-2 37, 5 29, 5 45. 033. 933. li 00, 14 25, 359 450. b %15, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,u355. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 335 6u 9 54. aSaturdays,ouly Runcorn-7 63.3 2549 46. 11 53.' 65, 320, 5 20, 6178 0. Sankey (tor I'enicett)-7 t 2, 756,95. 105, 11 3,12 0 18 2 lb, 258, 40,5 29, 60, 70 • 8 0, 9 2.), ad 40, 510 eo, suudays 90, 11 26. 2 39, 8 55. 9 13. am aburd.sys ex:epted bbatur lays only. cblondays only. (C.L.C.) Shettleid (Midland) via Cl/inlay aud Dore Line —8 46, 10 65, 12 55. 155, 6 55. Stuidays 937 aan, 5 15, 81.kieleus-5 32 75; 8 5,3 35,9 25, 10 /0, 11 0, Ii 65, 127. 12 23, 2 35 3 40,3 20,6 33,7 8, s.atur ays ouly 7 40,9 45,10 30. Sundays 8 33.8 43.0 0. 64 southport (Cheshire Lines)—? IC, 8 31, a 9 30. 11 2, 1 14. 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays J 35,2 5. 8 55, aSatur days only. Thetwall-6 20, 7 22,8,0,8 35.9 0,9 58.10 49,12 36,1 14.42 43„ 338. 4 11, o 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 530, 3 a Satin days only. From Itrpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) —7 38, 90 1 b. 11 5, 120, 18, 2 15. 2 58, 40, 29, 0. 75, 80. 9 .25, 40, blt.) 26. Sun- days 9 0,9 36, 2 39,9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturciaya only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) —7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109. 1183. 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 43. Sundays, 8 48, 4 40, BU. Wigan --2 37, 5 29.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,1/ 0,11 00, 14 25,1 55 33, 3 56,4 50,5 20. 6 28, 7 17,8 53. 9 4.49 6. buddy, 241 43. 3 36. 60. 954.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARHINGTON FiLOlll

Acton Bridge-fl 30, 7 45. 8,53 11 2, 12 0, 3 25, 4 95,7 20, 3muiays 755, 442. Altcar aud Hillbouse-1 8. 7 18, 829, 957. Sundays 920,2 21, 8 22. Bina:lngham (L. & N.-W.)---11 42,3 10, 5 50, 7.20 9 10, 12 23 20, 5 bu 7 25. Sundays 11 42.3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (Piiidland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 60, 1148, 1 25, 2 45, 45 6 50. 510 30,11 19. bundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 1119. b ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48.12 35, 347, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80. 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,8 45. 9 57, 10 35, 11 40 1 40. 3 1.6. 4,27 .5 23, 8 3.5,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 , ,• Blackpool (Central) -6 5, 725,7 55, 3 25.8 55. ; 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 L 0,4 53,5 5, 6 53. 8 15, 1,8 Sun Aid 115. 4 57,84:,

-1-3.;iton-15 45, 755, 835, 9 40, 10 25. 12 3), 2 15.4 15, 5 10- 5 55,7 10, 8 55,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m.asatur days only. Uarligle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9,50 12,58 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55. 8.42 ~unitays 12 6 a.m.. 4 3J, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aliondays exctpted. enoster- 2, 17 6.50 8.45 10,10 11.30 11 ,35 1.55 2,20 4,23 4 506 b 7,30 11.5 Sundays 2,17 9,35 7.55 11 5, 'Caine Cirveu-6 39, 79. 842, 10 24,7,15 11 21, 12.38 I 8 143,2,10 3 tu,4 6,5 3E.6 23, 6,36 747, 9 6, 10 46. Sundays 8 lu: a.m.

L rewe— 2 1, 455. 60.6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25. 2 35, 415. 545 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455. 7 10, 2 45, 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. llaresbury —8 16, 10 17, 11 27, 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundayi 1 21., a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 82, 935, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5. 8 3, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 3 35. alixcept Mondays. lBarlestown-6 58, 7,13 8 45, 930 9.45 10,26 10,28, 11.25,- 12,43 1 6, 1,12 1,47 2,13 3 11. 3.14 9,19 0.42 5,52 630, 7 33, 88 910 9,2 U 12 0 Sundays 8 33, 9 52, WO, 7,24. Fiddler's Ferry & Fenketh-7 12. 95.9 45, 12 24, 29, 327, 5 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2, 2 57, 82. Frodsharn-7 55 9 1, 10 1. 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36. 6 57, 831 Sundays 6 56.a.m. 7 20 p.m. (laraton (L,neshire Lines)-7 32' 80, 90. 9 50. 10 40. alO 050 n, 12 U, 12 56. 11. 35, 4 58. 59. 5 53, 57. 12J 930 Sundaya 8 23. 9 10. 2 40, 3 12.4 42. 6 51. 3 54. (11asg0n—a9 5, 10 10, 2 0,2 1 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 95, m day el crpted. i_TolUorne-6 44,, 0 26. 10 12. 12 28 2, 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, lu 47. Sundays 9 40. 75. }lough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99. 103, 1055, 1,157, 8 150.60, 11 2,22 6 id, 10, 523, 67.7 11.7 38,9 18. BuudaysB 37, 9 20, 3.28„ 65,9 4 9 10. lrlam and Cadishead (Central) 9 63, 5 Sundays 1059. 6 53, 8 40. 10 Latehlord-8 14. 8 40. 934 10 2, 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13, 3 0, 4 22, b 5 41. 6 7, 6 49, 749. 96 9 42,1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays only. tiiatunday. excepted. Liverpool(mq liarlestown)-1 0 a 2 05,6 0,7 50,11 0.9 25.11 50 15. 1 60, 6 20, 4 25. 4 b 0,,. 65.7 5.8 25,10 5,11. 15,. Sunday. 1 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,3 40 a ilondays only. Via IV idues b2O 7,10 7,40 .833, 9 38, 1020.10 33. 11 53 1245, 1 55. 2.35, 4 40, 4 50,5 36, 635 7 5. 8 0 8 40, 110 a.. Saturdays excepted Sundays BU. 9 0 2 30. 2 50, 4 20. 6.30 833.

London L&N W)-100, 120. 5157 10, 10 25 12 15 2 16, '4 lb. 530 Sunthys 100 120 lt 0, 5 30, 100, 10.12 Lcudon (Alidlandl-5 16, 90 10 5,12 0, 4 ',. 0, 5 ,a 9 15. 12 0, :nun ays 3 15. 12 0, aexcept Moadays Lymm-8 "1, 532, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, at 37, 25, 2 53. 414, bb 3 5 :9, 641 741,8 t.,8 • 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15. 2 25. 7 lb. aSaturdayb only. b6aturd).ys excepted. Mbuctiester (6 & N.-W.)- ,7 2d, 7 65, 9 23, 10 38, 12 38' 25, 3 43,a5 8.536, 6 8, 7 10, 9 0 1 ) 53. dunthys, 7 341 44,634 baturda” excepted. From Oxfo d Road. _

dencheater (London-road)-7 25, 750. 9, 25, 10 35, 12 35, 340, 665, 520,65, 75, 8 20 8 55, :045 Banestys 730 2.1 1 40, 630 6. aturdny s excepted. aEsturdays only. Mancheater (( beshire Lines) -6 45, 7 20, 8 3J, a 9 5, 930 9.35.10 30. 10 Z 5. 11 30, 1230,12 45. 1 3), 2 30,3 30, 4 30,4 4 48 530,6 30,6 38,7 30. 8 3.1. 83, i 55. 10, alo 30, 11 O. Suu. days 830,9 10. 9 25 9 30, lo 40. 2 0 c 5,6 35, 820, 940. Saturdays.only. 3lidolowieh-6 48, 2 42. 6 6. Moore-6 56.9 6, :1 14,12 14,3 40,5 0,7 33.6undays.8 19,4 53 New ton-6 47, 7 25. 8 42, 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1. 0.1 28, 1 55, 1t234 58. 5 49, 6 27,7 30, 8 0, 9 10. 9 55. 118. 11 47, 7 G 5, SundAys 8 3-, 9 is, 9 57, Padgate 7 48, 8 26, 9 0.10 6 19, 210, 312. 5 18 7 3,9 19. Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. Prebton 2 9, 4 5. 5 50,a6 25, 8 15, 95 9 3310 10.11 28, 121 S 1 20 30, 3 55, 425,5 40, 6 46,7 27,8 30,9 45, 11 0. Sundays 2 a 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 Sti. a Mendsys excepted. Itunc.rn ;5 31), 9, 19 10 15. 12 30, 1 25, 3 2, 5 41, 6 60, 8 10. -

81;nk(:)--6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 1 36 2 4U, 3 44, 4 35. 5 2,t 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6934. buladays, 8 49.' 108 3 40, 5 7, 923. _ _ _ _

bheffiel.4l:42-571-1 5. 1 55. 5 5, 7 0. Sundays, 8 10. 6 5. t.t BelenB-6 30. 8 42, 11 20. 1 25, 2 45, 430, 550, 8 2). Sundt.7 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport.-8 5, lu 10, 11 15,12 59. 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 7 0.2 0* 5, 940 Sundays, 90, 0, 80, Thelwall— 8 10, 8 36, 930, 9 58, 1113, 115, 1 41, 29 2 55. 180, 5 37, 63, 6 45, 7 45. 9 37, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 829 20. Widnes(Cheshlre Lines)-8 21. 9 15, 10 10, 1. 12, 12 23 25, 230, 325,425,523, 6 12, 7 16. 7 55, 9 211 42, aSua days 8 42, 33, 50,9 1) 0 2). a Saturd ty. f

===== 0002601_18990519_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST DELICIOUS LEMONADE.

--- E'flcl Tower Lernorad, 19 made from the finegt d toe g•eat ativaniaee i 3 that, it is part', tr,inutac,ua,d in Ltals7 int tnioat of the Vai,A cretia (be .emor;t3 are redi..,n direct fr:m the tleeti to tll- fictozy to ecAntn,tice t!an torin,;ti Eifli,l To 4 er bern,ttade. 4?,:!. liottit. of Eiffel 'Tower 1.4,. KAI ;had° ir.a.fs 2 gallons 01 letjeiii L.m.nade. SU citnot ctt t fr9m voor Grocer, vud 4 . t5l: Fo,tcr Gall St Co., 3756 Eifid Tower Fact,ty. stone, f(.r a bottle.

.ftrism.....

For wha twenty llamas o MY Puy public B

For the bent in any Elf The C Riving a John II Walkley Comp of the e Rotting

In or crench (hush C: behulare

Will be le be in, 'he Geri SPrin urtielet Under I' The ( that thi lutende ..41R narr TE .oard s

Hoes on sent in Sonic co A teil aRe of

..._ ... In thi vat& vfl or girl e°mPet Cr 4 outside street, 1

COMI RAY, 1 tor Sri Cash C 1)47 at 1

In zn. tocopet. tkeatnes Two %eh let The 44eePtei

As unec.: the a Utah

WAR TOc UT RN] Cci ALTF

t• ~ ', ,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-33 „

===== 0002601_18990519_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING F.OUSE— Earlestown

SITE-OFFICES - *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Nowton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiosi (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction ... Church-st., Colborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village .... Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DBLIVERIES

England, Wales. Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire,: Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- beriand, and Lincolnshire . Chcster, Liverpool. Birkenhead,' ;Southport Presrot. Wigan, Orms-I kirl, Wino & l!'arles'own Foreigm, and the Sauth .o.lcliand Ccti .nties & south Wales Prezt on, Nor,ll Lancashire, NEW- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester ......

Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe Ches- ter, Wales, and 1re1and.............. dlasgOW, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, ,NE Chester ......... London and Foreign, South. S.- Eastern. Midi ml, Northern, eastern Countii I , & Lancashire.. Croft, radgate, Wuclaton, Stockton heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S.- Eastern Counties

===== 0002601_18990519_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

433 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-] 5 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. arid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

9-55 sail. Nil. Nil. ' Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 110-30 a.m

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 St 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 6 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.ro tnd 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil, Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Till. 10-15 a.ra

from the Receiving Office at Est+ .m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

FOLLOWS :-

I. CaTlere.

By I Postmen 7-0

7 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 1-11-30 „ 11-4 b 1- 12-0

11-30 aou

L 2-1,3 p.m.

2-lb 1 3-15

3-15 m.

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
COIME

IRREGULARITIES, R. 8110,73 ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boses,l/14 & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anyfterc on receipt of 15 on 34 ntamps, by E. T. TO WLE & Co. Ms,nufaeturers, Dryden 13t., Nottingham Ile,ryir, or Imitlan7lB. inivriov-t cm

T --Ti-my i I ]

===== 0002601_18990519_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4 k A.IVIAAVNLOAAAA '

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfgrt And pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.

- • ". .- • •-,••••4•-: • • ';'• ' '' . ',..*je1•v•,.,,,ti, 0,?•, ;,. . &I•4'` ' , •,.... ~I. • ,' 1,,i ~..,‘-'•.;':',.:'',.':;,e.)----

iv.

4;f!

===== 0002601_18990519_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
' ',' .i.7•:•S ~„ • - - s• ' " .--:••••., . • , •• ' - ' • . ', , , • ~... .. ~• ~,.,:.'..,•!•.4., ,• • • •• • ' ''. .. • 144. :', 'l' • , , • ..5k,,,,,,,,' . ' ' ... ' r,....' A' ' '.• .- ? ...-',' •-t '' , • •, '• •-' - •.',.. ,•".•% ;t . ;,:si•-, . ' '',."• ''''' , - • ..,t ~ , • . ...."-,• ' ',",t • • . ~ • - ' lit ..,,,. • - ' .. :`;''...',.'• .'''','', ' '"`-• :':. ' ...'• 7: •' - s'

BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. hi Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in Mt. Gold Cases from £5. 'lllustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, Bcc., post free.

Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18990519_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Bats )d. Stamp

===== 0002601_18990519_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 aan

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
62 64, LUDGATE HILL, EICs

. • . ,>' in .1 , , •• . , . . 4f, ... • , : - - . .' ' ''''':''' A."."‘ A : • .- . '

Makers of the BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, 8.C., LONDON,

ME GREAT REMEDY.

AI ‘GOU roirArg.s

FR aOUT, IHEUATI I SCIATICA. Ltlltilieko The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Se and tffectual. All Chemists and Stores at is. It& and 2s. fid per box.

'II3NTS I GOVERNMRNT BILL TINTS! I Originally I_ cost £6; effered at 255. Ait-h : sr se'ect.cl At 3s. each Cash , ~,.. ct E N ir s w.ith order, 45ft r cumferenoe 10ft high Have only been used a short time by K. NT. Govern- • ment ; suitable •: or Camping oat. Gardens LA icket groun.is .s. s.ssis s.avens. itc. Complete with pole, peg, iin.s. mallet aria Lent bag. Two supplied to Buckingham Palace.. Apply ANDREW PoTrEn, Melbourne Works. Wolverhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Catslegues and giEstimates free on applications itst...._Aks

.-pc - • , , • if ler I j • k ‘-k .

===== 0002601_18990519_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOt FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such af..

===== 0002601_18990519_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, W;

COCKIieS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may 40 set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
I CKLE'S

s ANTIBILI4: J.,. !,

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, lirc.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
1. ;-. ? :1-4.144.1, •,‘• - , A. ~ , 7,,,A, '1:**4.,*,4. v.,4• is tfef . c..., ......,t; *... '4' Ali. • .. * r ~ p ,?,,.'1,..., . :., :._. ,0 ..i 4, ',• • • .-•..... ~,;: ••• .. -,.:;_,r•.p.,!,p. -.,,,,,,..,,- .- .. „„ ~ ,;,-.4 ..t.‘!,i. - ' , _he, . ,• .::;: \''e'' '' . ..._ #.• ' . •,,, ....1. .- • • ~.. ,!, yy { s . .

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS :)ISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Uoadache, Constipation.,

Vic,FA Stomach, Impaired Digectione

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor' THOMAS BEECH.4M, St. Helens, Lancashire, in. boxes, Is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
n:) Cli'LE"" •%.

Thom justly popular

mounts eml,ogy evor;

real tapreveniect, Cycle constriiction, n-re celebrated for ----I their higli-elass mar.slitp, nt t eri a I

and tialcb.

TUN "ROYAL (411.1,;V1r.LY.."

ironing. Popular Gnu:iv:lles In 0 imporial Cranvlllos 12 12 0

EQyal Granvilles 15 1$ 0 Send for Art Caln,..ofur

213

GRA NVI LLE C"t"C L.F7. 132, CLAPHAM ROAD, LOF,S DO

-- 4.) ii; *EV Ail !Ai`-'66t t \isie ( ~ ft,i7ll/./I:('',l%•', ;)±:_-7Ciki,:,,,T:l'Z' ;.t_-_:----_-_,,,,r;-:„- ------7 -..\--,--74-,;--v., ~,,:, -, '',l . --

===== 0002601_18990519_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
E

WHO ARE

T , L

.‘;:///

===== 0002601_18990519_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
p, i1c,..1 Atc, , pr, A. „... RrV-~,,l` ,P.' eff7:`,!' `v );,1.4.0, t

• : zzi• t- ••,-,• • .4 • • •!1, :t ' ; ` 4>. 41'1i ' • ' . • . • ;1,4_ .r e k: trt 43/4' '.;A4 44AY . `• .• • •

4 - * • Sr ..is; tpoi3O „,..zz,,, .., c„,... --.q,130, ,t 75

,;"

1g

===== 0002601_18990519_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
rf.,l7's c • ir4mita U V -14 • I'4 eshr*,.. tits. , r"4 Lvtl Wc% '5. elm cal aiki2C24t lerss 44,1; 141: =Ur 4,'autsk, "ow* 601,14 v 'pA•4,4ls5V

#AN, 14Pr'tzlifi 77, 4fi. 0 1,, utt4AO' • ilftto,: $4 8 1,44 c.‘ t:P° 44= I • * ettast&k.

r)4O (Opposite Qnbmi B-iotO lar 174. rv* Ake N 1 47' SANKEY SII% 305 74 MANCHESTER Ani 11.1, t el. /A. 4 al a xLz •;"

===== 0002601_18990519_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
y, 8,•,

===== 0002601_18990519_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
'idlers to tin Otittor,

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in at eases send their names and addre4ses to the Editor. 'Meters intend, d for publication must be written on one side only of the piper. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

THE EXPLOSION AT ST. HELENS. Sir,—ln conwiction with more than one scientific problem, it would be of interest to know how far the disastrous explosion at St. Hee is last Fridiy was felt and heard ; and I should be greatly obliged to any of your vaderswho would be sn kind as to send mri a postcard stating ; 1, the namn of the place. and the time, at which the explosion was observed ; 2, whether any sh,ick or vibration was bit; 3, whether the sound ot the explosion Wes heard; and 4, wheth9r the vibrations wore strong enough to make windows rattle.—Yours obediently,

CHARLES DAVISON. Sc. D., F.G.S. 16, Manor-road, Birmingham, May 13.

WINWICK -6-O—iJNTY ASYUT \I. Sir,—l was much interested in reading your accpunt O f the New Asylum buildings now in course of erection at Winwick but note no mention is irride of Ndr. Moll, the contractor's resident surveyor, to whom is largely due the phenomenal progress", made N) doubt thii hai been overlooked in toe wealth of detail collected by your indefatigable reporter but I think it only due to him that he should be mentigned in an article so obvi- ously intended to be exhaustive, so far as the state et the works is at present concerned. Trusting you will insert this in your next.—l am yours truly, AN INTERESTED READER. Manchester, May 16th.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH'CUOIR

Sir,—l shall be much Obliged if you will allow me a little of your valuable space in your paper to advocate an Improvement in the singing, &c. of St. Paul's choir. Everyone knows of the good name they have held in the past for their singing but after last Sunday niglr's performance I mug say that it has altered very much for the worse. I have been connected with the church for the pa,t 19 years but yet never did I hear an anthem so wretchedly rendered as the one they rendered last Sunday and I am sure I have heard it sung by them almost a score of times. The organ has an idea that it ought to be heard and not the choir in almost every- thing, and especially if there happens to be a solo to be sung. In fact things have gene altogether backward; of late. No doubt they would do better if they could get their old principal tenor back again to keep things in order.—Your3 &c.,

SIDESMAN.

STOCKTON HEATH SWING BRIDGE. Sir,—May I through the medium of your paper call the attention of the powers that be, to the danger. arising from the ineffectual lighting of the above bridges At the beat it is very poor, but for the last we 4 or so. the lamp on the Warrington silo has been out more ofren than in. The lamp on the Stockton Heath side has also lately been out. I atn told that the Stockton Heath lamp is turned out (when it happens to be in) at twelve 'clock along with the other lights in the Village and that there is something the matter with the Warring- ton one. Surely this wants looking into and I hope that the Corporation and the Stockton Heath Parish Council will see that good Brays lamps are put up at each side and that they are kept lighted thrcughout the night otherwise a anions acci- wilisurely occur. I have seen many " near shavr,s," myself,there,particularly when the bridge has been open for a passing ship and the traffic on the road Las accu- mulated in consequence. I do not know whether the Ship Canal Company are liable for the lighting but if so, they ought not to be spared is:the matter. They them- selves have nct studied the public in leling the ap- proaches,for the unsightly hoardings which are being erected at each bridge. Trusting the a forementio7ed bodies will bestir them- selves before it is tan late, and an accilent has oecured, I remain, yours,

A HEATHEN.

THE SABBATH: SECULAR SIDE. Sir,—The new-born zeal that is now manifesting itself in tone religious quarters regarding the Day of Rest is a strange phenomenon, and has come too late in the day to be of any practical value. If a strict observance of the secular &de of the Sabbath had been faithfully preached and pressed home on the people in the past, we should not have to deplore the alarming extent to which its vielation prevails at present. But, for reasons only known ts themselves, our religious mentors seem to give more attention to the souls, than to the bodies of men, although bath are equally precious in the sight of God. Besides, does it not leek very like a tarce to see them going about the country denouncing and boycotting Sunday labour in a few printing and publishine estehlichments while the Post Office, Carriage and Railway Compenies,,ane Public Reuses are permitted and encouraeed to carry on their operations on Sundays without protest or hindrance of any kind. The agitation got up by the Bishops and Free Chur:h Councils is too ill-timed and absurd to merit serious criticism. The law which authorisei and regulates the Day of Rest is not a human, but a divine institution, and is as old as the world itself. In fact it carries US back to the time wnen " God blessed the seventh clay, and sanctified it : because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." (G n. 11., 3 ) Its rehearsal to Israel in the Wilderness was only the reiteration of a principle th :t had been in force from the beginning' The word" Remember" with which the Fourth Com- mandment opens confirms this view. And further testi- mony on this pint is afforded by the division of time into periods cf seven days by the ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romanis, and even by the origins' peoplesof ' the new world. Indeed it may be fairly aesumed that , wherever the idea of worship has prevailed—and when and where has it n,t prevailed in the eistory of man- kind—there most have been appointed times when men laid aside their usual occupations that they might, quietly and without distraction, worthies the Great Spirit in accordance with the light he had given them. Nor has God left US in any doubt as to the meaning of the earthly side of the law lam considering. The language in which it is conveyed is of the simplest kind, terse, and to the point, and easy of comprehension by the poorest and most unlearned amongst us. Briefly summarised, the Sabbath Law absolutely prohibits every kind of labour by men and animals on the seventh day. There is not a word,not a phrase in the Command- ment that will bear may other interpretation. The keen- est scrutiny looks in vain to it for anything to counten- ance the labours and amusements which so much die. figure the "Poor Man's Day" in our time. The reader can easily satisfy himself on this point by consulting Exodus xx., 8,9, 10, 11. Further, the law of a weekly rest day, like the law of labour, demands nothing less than universal obedience. When God doomed Adam and his posterity to labour for their daily bread he made no provision for idleness, tin arraneemsnt whereby some members of the commu- nity might live at ease while their poorer brethren toiled in the sweat of their brow. With him there is no reseect of persons, and no class legislation. The prince and the peasant are equal in his sight as regards their a ogation to obey his behest's. Asd the same divine im- partiality distinguishes the law of the Sabbath. Abso- life rest from all worldly employments is the very essence of that law. It admits of no modifications to the views of men, and no one, while resting himself, has any right to exact labour. from his poorer brethren on the Sabbath. The Omniscient framer of the Fourth Commandment knew that all the legitimate and useful work of the world could be performei insix days a week. And he knew further that that work would entail hard toil and suffering upoa the great bulk of mankind, and eo to lighten and brighten their lot he mercifully gave them one day in seven to rest from all their labours under the sun. And the same mercy he.extended to the dumb animals. They too are entitled to e tire cessation from all work on toe seventn day, and that by Divine appointment. And lastly.the law of the Sabbath being a lac of God, it is not sutl,ct to abrogation or revision by men So Lone as the heavens end the earth remain to eemind us of its institutioreane so long as lost is needed by men so long will that Law c mtinue in force.—Yours truly, lONA.

GOOD TIMPLARY. The usual weekly session of the Temperance Mission Lodge of the 1.0.G.T. was held on Wednes- day in the Temperance Mission Room, Academy street. Bro Betties, C.T., presided over a good attendance. Bro Roberts,secretary, read the digest of the Smith West Lancat.hire District Lodge to be held at Southport on Saturday next. The report of the Ne. 1 Convention meeting, which was held last Saturday at Athercon, was read and a discussion followed which was taken part in by Brothers O'Brien, Betties, R. obprts, J Sheath, and Nurse. It was decided to invite the Hope of Barlestown lodge on Wednesday next, the lodge to be open to the public at 8-30. The lodge was closed in the usual manner by Bro Betties, C.T.

SLEEP FOR SKIN-TORTURED BABIES and rest for Tired Mothers in a warm bath wrt, CIITICUILL Soap, and a single an Anting with CUTicuma, pu,car, of omolient sliin tures. This trestment will afford inatant relief, permit rest and shop to bath p iront and chill, and points to a Epeadr, Perminent, and econAmical cure in the mast ci:itressing forms of itching, burning, scaly, and crusted skin and scalp humours, with loss of hair, when all else f Itl9 ste.cnea Profession recommend the moderate use of well matur-d PORT WINE in cases of Influenza. W. and A. GILBRY have specianseiected the ilneat Wine from Oporto for this purpose and thus plac2d their 3,0f.10 Agents in a position to supply their Invalid Port Lat 25. ed. per bottle inavery town.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CASES.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Tugsday morning before Mr. James Tinsley, Frank Whitting- ham a bricksetter of Winwick was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Warrington-road, Winwick on the afternoon of Monday. He was shouting, cursing and making a great noise and P.C. Groarke took him into custody. Ile was fined 22 6d and Costs. TIA.YDOCK MA.Y QUEEN FESTIVAL. The celebration of the Crowning of the May Queen which was being resuscitated this year in Haydock, had to be abandoned on Saturday in con- sequence of the heavy downpour of rain. 'this was a great disappointment to hundreds of children and I necesparily entailed a considerable loss to the com- mittee who bad the affair in hand. It was hoped at noon that matters might improve, but as these hopes were not realised it was finally decided to postpone the event for a fortnight. NEWTON FAIR.

The annual May fair for the sale of horses and cows, was held at Newton on Wednesday. Judging from the attendance, it would seem as if the New- ton fair, which at one time wa4; so popular, is gradu- ally waning in importance. There was a very poor show of cows on Wednesday, but of horses a very fair number was put on the market. These chiefly consisted of heavy draught horses, and moderate prices were obtained. Buyers, however, were not numerous, and the business transacted was not of the best.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The usual weekly meeting of the Hope of Earles- town lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co- operative Hall, Wargrave-road, on Monday evening. The meeting was opened by Bro. Newman, S.J.T. Bro. Woods submitted a report of the Cmvention held at Alleston on the 13h inst. Arrangements were being made to hold open air meetings in the neighbourhood, and the programme committee ap- pointed was Bro. Woods and Leatherbarrow, Sisters Williams and Walton. The programme for the evening consisted of a reading by Bro Newman, songs by Bro. Singleton,Sisters Woods,and Thomas; reading, Bro Anderton. The lodge was closed in the usual form.

THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS AT EA.RLESTOWN. I A complete change will very likely be made in connection with the observance of Whirsiintile, in Earlestown. It has been customary for Whit- Monday to be observed as a general holiday, and on this day, all !he Sunday schools hold a demonstra- tion and field day. All the works were closed, and the business people also closed their premises. This year however, it has been decided to close the Via- duct Works for three days, and it was left to the workmen to say whether they would have the first or last half of the work. On a canvas being made, the men decided by a very large majority, to take the last three days of the week as a holiday, and consequently the works will close on Thursday Friday and Saturday next week. The Vulcan Foundry will not close at all during Whit week, but will play a week in August. Messrs. T. and J. Vicars, and Messrs. Slee and Co., will close on Whit- Monday, so that it is evid.-nt the general holiday is likely to become a thing of the past.

THE WHITSUNTIDE DEMONSTRATIONS AT EARLESTOWN.

A meeting of the committee who have in hand the arrangements in cpnnection with the Sunday School Demonstration annually held on Whit Monday, met on Wednesday evening in the Lecture Hall of the Wesleyan Church, under the presidency of Mr. Peter Parr. The meeting became necessary in consequence of the alteration in the holidays, brought about by the abandonment of New- ton Races. It has always been the rule to close the various works on Whit 'Monday, and as everybody was then free the Sunday school demonstrations and field days were held. Tnis year the Viaduct works employes have decided to have their holiday on the last three days of next week and this decision has upset all the arrangements of the schools. It was thought that the procession could have been held on Thursday next, but the bands which had been engaged could not give their services on that day. Conz,equently, after discussing the matter in all its bearings, the committee de- cided to postpone the demonstration and field day until either the 3rd or 10th of June,whichever day will be suitable to the engaged bands. EARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

The 154th quarterly meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening. Mr. D. Forrester presided and there was a large at- tendance of members. The report and balance sheet showed that the cash receipts for the quarter were 1:8413 16s 1011 being an increase over laQt quarter of £llO7 16s 11d, and £2383 13s 6,1- over the c Tres ponding quarter last year. The nett profits realised were £1276 13s 7d out of which a dividend of 3s in the round was recommended to members, requiring £12473s 51, the balance of £29 103 id, being de- voted to the reduction of fixed stock. During the quarter 81 new members had been admitted and 8 had withdrawn leaving 1,400 on the books, 1055 of whom had brought in checks. The minutes of the last quarterly meeting were real and confirmed and it was stated that the question of telephonic com- munication with the branch shops had been aban- doned for the present. Messrs. E. Jones and T. Swift were appoiated to serve on the Committee of Management. Mr. J. Jones was re-elected stock- taker. The usual annual grant was made in con- nection with the employes annual trip. Aft appli- cation for a grant from the local Company of the let V B.S. Lancashire Regiment towards their prize fund was brought up and after some discussion, it was decieed not to entertain it. An application from members of the Seciety who hold cottages unler mortgage to the Society, for a reduction in the rate of interest was also not entertained. The question of remuneration to the Sub-committee in connection with the building of the branch shows was referred to the General Committee for settle- ment. This was all the business. EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. In connection with the anniversary of the above school, special services were held in the chapel on Sunday. Great preparations are made for these services, and there are invariably crowded congre- gations at each. The weathenon Sunday,however, was not of the best,but this did not militate against the attendance, although the children suffered some inconvenience because of their dresses. The preacher for the day was the Rev. A. Percy Watson of Bradford, and formerly a resident minister at I Earlestown. Special hymns were sung at the morn- ing and evening services, a choir of children having been specially trained by Miss Greenall, the organ- ist. This choir was seated on a temporary gallery and very nice the children looked in their charming dresses. At the morning service Miss Olive Clare sang as a solo the hymn "In a world where sor- row," the cho;r of children taking up the chorus. The Rev. A. Watson preached an instructive sermon from the 11th chapter Deuteronomy, and part of 21 verse. At the evening service the chapel was crowded, and many were unable to ob- tain admittance. Miss M. Barr sang as a solo " I will not go where I cannot take Jesus," tiss L. Clarke sang" It's coming. coming nearer," and -bliss May Clare rendered the solo "Abide with me." The preacher took for his text the Ist verse of the 55. h chap. Isaiah,from which he deliered an interesting diseourse. The afternoon was devoted to the rea- tiering of a sacred Cantata entitled. " Messiah's Reign." There was a crowded audience, and the composition was rendered in a excellent manner. The soloists were Messrs. F. Clare, R. Robinson,and Twemlove, Misses Berry, Biggins, L. Clarke and A Goslin. Miss Greenall presided at the organ and Mr. T. Clare conducted. The collections during the day, in aid of the Sunday schools, were as follows: —Morning £ll 14s 31-1, afternoon (school), £23 17s 34d, cantata, £9 is 41d, evening £2O 17s 411, total :£65 103 41, being an increase of :22 over last year.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
sir. HELENS.

A ST. EIBLENS LICENSEE HEAVILY FINED. At; St. Helens on Monday, William Oxley, lmdlord of the Rope and Anchor, Ormskirk-street, was fined 1 £5 and costs or fourteen days, for kEeping open during prohibi- ted hours. William Griffiths, a constable in the borough force, and Samuel Clayton, manager of a tea establizh- ment, were each fined 20s and costs or twenty-one days, for being on the premises. Mr. W. J. Jeevcs,-the Town Clerk, prosecuted, and Mr. H. L. Riley defended. Ser geant Small proved the case as to finding these people in the house at 12-35 a.m. on the morning of Miy s.—Mr. E. W. Swift appeared for the owners, Messrs. Homfray and Walker and Co.' and said that previous to this occurr.nee, Oxley had been given linden.

OBAI,II, 17BU M TIC, BOILSK. 6 feet by 2 feet ET,. under insurance of 501 b pressure.-4, MARKET-STREET. Warrington.

BUTOHIGH WANTBD, to live on premises and take charge of shop, must be a teetotaller. —Apply by letter stating wage required, Box, 145, "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE; FRIDAY, MAN. 19, 1449. THE ST. HELENS DISASTER. ANOTHER TTE

Piikington, M.P. (mayor of the borough), with the words, "With deepest sympathy"; one frac:a ilr H Satan- Karr, M.P. for the borough,witla the words, " With sin- cere sympathy and affectionate recollections of devoted services to the Conservative c Luse"; and others from the Conservative Association and Club, Sz.:. The route to the cemetery was linei with spectators, and thf-re were general expressions of regret at the terrible effects of he calamity, with heartfelt expressions of sympathy toe those who had been bereaved. Tne service was fonducted by the Rev E C Pouiter, assisted by the Rev Hadow. The Rev E C Paulter delivered an address. Fhe service was concluded by the singing of the hymm TO God, our help in ages past."

===== 0002601_18990519_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF THE INQUEST,

Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather on Saturday,the terrible explosion which took place on Friday morning at Kurtz's works of the United Alkali Company, St. Helens, attracted to the town many thousands of people for the purpose of seeing the scene of the disaster. Another death took place shortly before nine o'clock in the St. Helens Hospital, thus making flue deaths in all. The last death was that of John Grey, a fireman at Kurtz's, who was sixty-four years of age, and resided in Manor-street. There were in the hospital five men, two youths, and four women. The men and one woman were in a very critical condition, but the rest of the number were progressing as well as could be expected under the circum,tances. The last patient admitted was a Mrs. Costello, who re- sides in Walker-lane near the scene of the explo- sion, and who was suffering trom severe vitriol scalds and other injuries. The excitement which had been aroused in St. Helens and district has now greatly subsided,thougn the subject is still the leading topic of conversation on every hand. All traces of the destruction which was wrought have been gradually disappearing from the main thoroughfares of the town, and things have almost reached their normal aspect- though in some instances tradesmen have not yet been able to have the damage to their premises re- paired so great has been the demand upon the ser- vices of plumbers, glaziers, Btc. In the Yeasley Cross district,however,the wrecked cottages remain to tell of the terrific forces woich had thrown death and destruction around the seat of the explosion. The comity coroner formally opened an inquiry in- to the circumstances surrounding the death of the unfortunate victims, but before any evidence upon tbat question was tendered the proceedings were adjourned until the 30th inst. The jurors and other interested persons subsequently paid a visit to the works, and minutely inspected the scene of the ex- plosion. They were accompanied by Mr. Stewart the general manager; Mr. Rudge, manager of the works; Inspector Hunter and Sergeant BissOn. Mr. Stewart and Mr. Rude carried out, for their en- lightenment, several excerimtnts, such as trying to explode the chlorate by concussion and then by fire.

Colonel Ford, the chief explosive inspector for the Home Office, visited St. Helens on Monday for the purpose of making an inspection of the scene of the disaster, and had an interview with Mr. Brig- house, the county coroner. Colonel Ford, stated that, if necessary, he will bring Dr. Dupre, analy- tical expert, to attend the full inquiry. OPENING OF THE INQUEST. SYMPATHY FOR CRE BEREAVED AND SUFFERERS. _ .

On Monday forenoon Mr. S. —Brighouse, county coroner, at Sc. Helens Town Hall, opera() the inquiry into the circumstances attecding the deaths of the five men who were killed or had since succumbed to in- juries as a eesult of the terrible explosion at Surtz's Chemical Works, St. Helens, on Friday last. Tn. un- fortunate victims were Fredsrick Faram, 62 years of no, shipping clerk, 61. Argyle-street; Thomas Daffy, 35 years of age, labourer, 42. Barber, street ; Richard Swift, 21, 4years of age, slater, of 14, Orrell-street; William Gibson, 40 years of age, labourer, of 5, Friz.r's- court ; and Jam s Gray. 64 years of age, labourer, of 35, Manor-street. _ _ _

Mr. F. J. Hawkins, solicitor, appearal on behalf of the United Alkali Company, and there were also present Altle,rnan Sir David Gamble, C. 8., Alderman D. Maechnie, Alderman 3. C. Gamble (directors). Mr. T. W. Stewart, general technical manager of the ccmpany; Mr. Eustace Carey, the general secretary ; and others. Mr. H. L. Riley, solicitor, St. Helens, represented the widows of the deceased men Duffy and Gibson, the brothers and sisters of the deseased man Richard Swift, and also Andrew Heavey, one of the injured men in the hospital. The Deputy Mayor (Councillor 13. Martin)and the Town Clerk (Mr. W. J. Deves) appeared on behalf of the Carp-iratien, and Chief Constable Wood was pre- sent on behalf of the police. & special jury of 15 gen- tlemen had been summoned, and, to facilitate the in- quest proceedings, they viewed the boll= s of the victims on Saturday afternoon. The jury comprised Messrs. H. M. Gren. (foreman), J. R. Turner, Allred Griffin, Fred A. Burt, Gorge H mghton, William Moss, Tnomas Reid, William Gorse, William J. Loader, P. S. Corrin, S. Wol- fenden,_ B. S. Henty, William Pollitt, Joseph Cook, and

Henry Webb. The Coroner, addressing those present, said—You are summon- d to make inciniry into the deaths of Frederick Far 1m and Thomas Daffy, who were killed by, and the deaths of Richatd Swift, William Gibson,and John Grey who died from the effects of, an explosion which took place in this borough on Friday last at the works known as the Kurz' s works of tin United Alkali Company. The sad consequencrs of the explosion have been very ably set out in the press, and no doubt most of you have read the &tails which have been given in the news- papers. But your imme Bate duty will be to find out tbe immediate cause of this explosion, so as to say

, formally how you think these five persons have clime by their deaths. Perhaps you will allow me to take the opportunity of expressing my sympathy at the loss which the different matives have sustained by these deaths, and of saying how much Ideplere that Ruch an explosion and such a loss of life and property have takeo place in your berowsh. That has been more ably and more eloquently expressed by othore before now, and I only wish to take thie opportunity of joining in that expres- sion of sorrow at the loss which has been sus- tained. Your duty this morning will be very simple. You will have to hear suffieent evi- dence to enable me to put on record the names of the parties, and to issue the necessary orders for the interments of the deceased, and then the inquiry will be a.djeurnerl until Teesday,the 30th inst., at half-past nine in the morning, when all parties will be ready to put be- fore you the necessary evidence to enehle you to arrive at a eonclusion in the matter. Colonel Pilkington,M.P., the Mayor of the Borough, has written me a letter upon the matter, which I should like to read, with your per- , mission—" May 14, 1899. Dear Mr. Brighouse,—l re- gret that my engagements to-morrow moraine will pre- vent me being present at the invest on those who were killed in the lamentable accident which occurred in St. Helens en Friday last,but I know whatever can be done, everything is safe in your hands. I have this morning been round te the two hospitals. There are eight sufferers in the St. Helens Hospital and three in the Providence Hospital and these patients are all doing well, so I hope that the five deaths will not be added Co. lam leavine for London this afternoon.—Yours very truly, RICH&RD PILICINGTON." Mr. Hawkins: May I trespass on your courtesy for a moment before the jury (Peter upon their very painful , duty? I represent the United Alkali Company, and I am desired by the directors on their behalf to express their extreme grief and their extreme sorrow that this terrible calamity should have happened. So far as they can make out by inquiry into the circumstances of the affair which has happened, it is not through any negli- genre at all on their part, but they feel, whatever has , been the cans, that it is a lamentable thing—a most dis- tressing thing, and a thing which will live in the memory of the directors during the rest of their lives. I should like also to add that it wll be not only their duty hut their extreme willingness, to aff net every assistance in their power to enable you to arrive at the cause of the accident. Toe Town Clerk (Mr. W. J. Jeeves) : May I avail myself of the opportunity be say that lam attending here, with the deputy-mayor, noi as one usually does attend these inquiries, to look after the interests of the corporation, but on behalf of the corporation to express their very sincere sorrow and concern at the terrible dis- aster which took place on Friday? On that day the corporation officials did everything in their power to alleviate the di,tress and to bring about ordsr, and I am desired to say that anything that the cerporation can Jo or cause to be done, they will only be too eager to do. Mr. H. L. Riley By the same induteence, perheos I may be permitted, on behalf of the clients whom I re- preshet, to say what I was interesting myself to find out la interviews this moreing, that altheueh the loss from one point of view is irreparable ,they have certainly— the two ladies whom I reptesenl—neen beneficially affected by the manifestations of symelthy which have been shown with them, ane I think particularly, al- theugh it is often supposed that corporations have net qualities which render them very acceptable in such crises, that the interest which the Msyer has shown in visiting their homes and visltiog the euffsrers, has really been a very great source of cseSuction, and mere than one, lrokine at it from the outside, would have expec- ted, But at all eveats, on their behalf, I should like to say that they do appreciate these sympathetic utter- ances, and that they are glad, with the arsistance of the Urited Alkali Company, that the ceus of this sad dis- aster is going to be fully investigated. Evidence of identificatioe wet the findine of the bodies having been given, the proceedings shortly after- wards terminated. IsUNERA.L OF MR. F ARAM.

The Interme-n—t-Wi the remains or Mr. Fred Faratn,who met .with a FlicLking death at Kurz'; works on Friday; took piano at St. Helens cenv'try ou Monday afternoon in the presence of a very lar4A compao7 of sympathis- ine relatives aod friead Toe fuo.nal was at:mica by n'ay repr.sentatives of the o+3bl:ow, the Orange Order, the Coniersrativ, itsortiati,m end Club, with all of which the late Mr. Faun had ben actively associ- ! ated. The princioal mourners were Mrz.Farana,widow; ard Mr F H Faram, son ; Mr Ashri, son-in-law; Mrs Ashton, daughter ; Mr James FAram, nnie Faram, Mr Edward Faram, Mr Albert Farm,. lir James Fararn , sen., Mr Edwin Farah), sen., Mr Grantham, and Mr Bridge ; Mr J Crook reoreFentel Sir David Gamble. Bart., C.B„ in when employ Mr FL7:1111 had been for a large number of years. The coffin was covered with beautiful wreaths, including one from Colonel ,_Richard

===== 0002601_18990519_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CoMPENSAifION CLAIMS.

Since the inquest proceedings on the five victims of the terrible explosion at Kurtz' s Chemical Works, St. Hel9ns, Mr H L Riley, solicitor, who appeared on beh If of the relatives of three of the deceased men, has com- municated with Messrs Forshaw mad Hawkins, solicitors for the United Alkali Company, Limited, suggesting that in cases of fatal injury to worknen of the company the result nf the inquest could in no way effect the com- pany's liability to pay compsnsatiora under the Workmen's Compensation Act. Messrs Forshaw and Hawkins have replied that they agree with Mr. Riley's view, giving him the name of the company with whom they were insured under the Act named, and stating that they had instructed their local manager to supply full particulars of the past earnings of the various deceased, in order ta facilitate the computation of the amounts to which their dependents might be entitled.

The Plate Glass Insurance Company, of London, who have a large number of policies in St. Helens, and suffered considerably through the explotion, notwith- standing their non-liability for accident from explosion, have replaced all their claims as an act of grace through their local agents, Messrs J. B. and B. Leach,Hardshaw- street, St. Helens. In this course ef action the com- pany are following the policy of the St. Helens and Dis trict Mutual Plate Glass Insurance C impany, the Chair- man of which is Citricillor U. Martin, and the secretary Mr. G. C. Whitfield, Tne Mutual Comp any never made any attempt to repudian their liability to their policy holders, but proceeded with the u ;most diligence to make replacements. In this matter they had been act- ing under the advice of their solicitor, Mr. H. L. Riley, who had given notice on their behalf to the United Alkali Company, Limited ,that they would se3k to be in- demnified by them for the whole of th?,ir outlay.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
-0,- THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT.

THE NEW RATE.

An extraordinary meeting of the Urban District Coun- cil of Newton-in-Makerfield was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. Mr. C. B. F. Barron, J. P., C.C., presided,and there were alio present : Messrs W Colfingwond (vice- chairman), J W Emmett, N Siddeley, W Gi m ,ur, R Stone, J.P., John Simpson, Dr Patterson, J H Forster, E T Evans, Thomas Ormand,witn Mr W W Shirley (clerk), and Mr A Bowes (engineer).

STATEMENT BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE FINANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr. Orntand (chairman of the Finance Committee' said he should like to rsfer to the financial position oi Council riot only for the year ending 31,t March last, but for the financial year they had just entered upon, ending 3lat March, 1900. Oa the General Improvement Fund eccoant, the actual income was £3,944 which was within £5 of the estimate. Tne expenditure was £4,374 or £430 more than the income. There were several contributory causes to that increased expendirure, chief of wnich he might mention an anticipated thficit of £ll6. That they knew atiout. There must also!he ad led the cost of the storm ovn-fl in W argrave-road which amounted to the sum of £9B and for which no provision was made in the rate levied twelve months ago. No provision was made alno for the alterations and repairs to the property which the Coun- cil purchased from Mr. S tnderson and which had cost £5O. The cost of sewage disposal had also exceeded their estimate by £62, and the night-to.' by £llB, of which £7O went in wages. If they added these items together they would see that £445 hal been explained so that if they had not had these extra or special items they would have had a decreased rather than an increased expenditure. The amount uncollected on the General Improvement Fund was £24 against £25 last year or comparsd with £331 ten years ago. Although they had a greater amount to collect it was better collected. There were only £24 uncollected which was the lowest amount that had ever been outstanding so far as he had been aele to trace. (Hear, hear.) On the Hiehways Fund account the estimated income was £2,824 and the expenditure £2687, leaving a balance of £137 over expend,ture. This was very easily explained becaute the road roller which wts let out on hire to other authorities produced more than was anticipated. The income from this source must be of a fugitive character bocause they did not know to what extent it would be required by other local authoritiet. Tiler° had also been a less sum spent on roads other than main or secondary roads. The amount of rate uncollected on this account was £l4 as compared with £l5 and as against £254 only ten years ago. On the water rate account, the "ad- mated income was £707, and the expenditure £721, which was an excess of expenditure) amounting, to £l4. The rate uncollected was £B, which conspired favourably with last year. Taking the rates outstanding and un- collected for the three accounts—the General Improve- ment, the Highways and Water—they had a total of £46 against £6OO. outstanding ten years ago. (Hear, hear.) He thought that spoke very favourably for the way Mr. Houghton had carried out his du-ies, and he was to be commended for the manner in which he got the money in. The loans outstanding on the 31st March last amounted to £22,382 18s 81. At the beginning of the last financial year, there was outstanding £20,273 6; 71, but to that must be added loans taken up for the gas ex- tentiont. amounting to £3,500. They had paid off £1 390 7e 111 during the ve .r so that the total cI amount outstanng was £22,383 in round figures. The allocation of these loans wee as follow., :—public sewers, £550; cemetery £2,472 14s ; public buildings, £8 623 4s 81. giving an actual amluut chargeable on rates of £11,645 18s Bd. There was owing on the water department £733 6481 and on the gas department, £10,003 13s 4d, giving a total of £22,382 18 81. pe,s4. jug on to the estimates for the current year they found that tbheassessable value for the General Imorovement Rate d increased by £1767, the total assessable value being £50.292 7s 6i against £48,525 71 61 last year. It was proposed as would be noticsd from the agenda to levy a general improvement rate of is 11 in the pound. That amount was estimated to produce £2,721 3; 51, but other sources of income ageregated together are es- timated to produce £1,315 12s, making a total income of £4.039 154 51. The estimated ex- penditure was £3,785 7s 4d, which would leave a balance of £254 8; 14 towards the deficit on last year's estimate of £430. That was practically the sole reasen why the rates were to be advanced this year from is 11 to 23. It was so that they would not go on increasing debts without paying them and liquidating their liabili- ties year by year. When one year's estimate was excee led by £3OO or £4OO it was their duty in the follow- ing year to levy a rate that would meet the increased expenditure. It was proposed that the Highways Rate should be 71 in the £. The assessable value upon which this rate wonld be levied was £62.086 which was an inerense of £2 491 on the previous year. The rate would produce £l,BlO, but other sources of income were es'i- lmeed to bring in £1,093, making a total 0ra22,903. The eeicnated expenditure was £2 865, leaving a margin of £3B. The Water Rate wood produce £736 Bs. 2d. upon an assessable value of £44.184 10s. The este seble value twelve months ago was £42,633 10s, so that there had been an increase of £1,551. The estimated expendi- ture of the Water Department was £635 Os 41, but as this sum included £320 for further boring opera- tiens which might cost more or less than the sum provided, it left a fair margin of £lOl 7s 101 for contingencies. That was a wise provision considering the uncertainty of the boring operations and what they would actually cost, raving it was only an estimate. If the money was not required it could be used towards the reduction of last year's deficit. Taking a summary of the accoun's they had an estimated income of £7,680 Os 71, and an expenditure of £7,285 16s 7d, which gave an excess of income over expenditure of £307. If they did not exceed their estimates they would be able Co wipe off the deficit of last year and still have a margin of £B7. He had been looking through the Financial Year book and had taken'24 local authorities in Lanca- shire which in many respects could be said to be cm- parable to their own in population or rateable value,aad I he found that with two exceptions they had the lowest rates. He therefore did not think the ratepayers would ; have much cause to find fault of a rate of 2s in the pound. Of the authorities who levied less rates than themselves he had not had time to ascertain Whether they had a cemetery te maintain such as they had or as wide an area. The area of a district was an important Factor upon the cost of the rates in any particular district. Taking a review of th i Council's work and of that which had to be done during the coming year he thought they might cengratulate them- selves and say they were in a sound am i healthy finae- cial position. He had pleasure in moving the following resolution :—" That a general improvement rate of is. ld ii the £, a highway rate of 71 in the 2, and a water rate of 4d. in the £ on the fl93"q9able value of the district be levied upon the several owners and occupiers of all kind; of property and other persons for the time being by law liable to be assessed to coca rates, within the district of Newton-in-Makerfieid ; and that the com- mon seal of the Council he affixed thrarwo." Mr. Gilmour seconded the resolution and said 2s. was not a heavy rate to pay. The Chairman supportei the resolution an I rem trke that it was never A very pleasing &ley to propose an in- crease of rates. He thou snt after the very lucid facts which had been brought forward by the Finance chair- man they must be convinced that the slight advance in the rates was one for the benefit of the district generally. He thought ie would show itself in the coming year as a wise provision. The resolution was carried unanimuusly and the Connell then went into committee.

WARLINGION ELEMENTARY DIY SCHOOLS.

A meeting onvened by the Mayor and managers of the public ee,nentary scaools Li the borougti at the re- quest of the Rector (h. Rev. Canon Willis) was held on "rues lay evening in the Council Chamber of the Town Hall to consiLler the following matters :—" ,1) Uniform date for holidays ; (2) uaiform date for pupil teachers' apprenticeship ; (2) uniform date for stipend for pupil teachers." Couucilor Soar, Green (chairman of the School Attendance Committee of the Corporation) pre- sided, and there was a god attendant: i. Mr. Stanley Wilson (the deputy town clerk), at the request of the Caairman, took a !lit of ad the schools re- presented.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
UNIFORM lIOLIDAYS.

The CHAIRMAN 9ald Ulat EsNAV • months ago a meeting was held in tit room, when they tried to acco nplisn one of the oht-nts stated in toe agenda for the preslat meeting. Tney came to an understanding, which was afterwards broken through and, unforcuaately, he thought it might be somewhat difficult to agree again that night.

LETTERS FROU THE REVS. JOHN YONGE AND E C E. CARLETON.

The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK read the following letters:— The Rev. John Young wrote :—The managers of Wycliffe Day Scaools do not fee dispoied to attend the meeting of managers that has been called to discuss ti s question for the following re ssons : (1) The old MAW. agement has been deemed a stisfactory for 25 years b 3th by parents and teachers; (2) to make the date of closieg later in the summer, will throw iacreased expense on the toachers both for themselves and families, which will not be at all c unpensated for, but consid .ribly augmen- ted by tho giving of an extra week ; (3) rale lat 'r date will cause many children to b 3 absent from school during the first and second weeks in July. Their fathers are unemployed at that time owing to stocktakings, and those parents who can than make holiday will take the children with them ; (4) the children being away then are not like'y to return to school until after the proposed holiday rece,s, which will n3ake in such cases five or six weeks' absence, much to the regret of their parents for obvious reasons ; (5) this absence of children in the early part of July wool i seriously affect the average attendance ; (6) seeing that the schools are cicsed for E aster wek, which was not the case till recently, there can be no occasion to further extend the summer holiday from three to four weeks; (7) it may be a suffi tint reason for the managers of Caurch schools to give an extra week, becawo they require the help of day school teachers on Walking Day (which was always the c 'se) ; but that is hardly a reason why schools, such a 3 Wychffe, which hive tw3 sets of teachers, one for day and the other for Sunday school, should give th: day school teachers an extra week. N is it applicable to the Peop'e's College, which has no Sunday school to consider; (8) in our opinion matters should remain as before, the schools breaking up b fore Walking Day for three weeks; (9) our managers intend t abide by the existing arrangement. I shall he obliged if you will be kind enough to read this letter to the meeting. Our managers are not disposed to take part in what may be a ono-sided or a fruitless discussion. Meetings had been held before upon this queston, and decisions rrived at have been altered and departed from without consideration. _

Th Rev. E. C CARIATONT wrote : "Holy Trinity Ticarag , Warrington. 15th May, 1899. Dear Sir,—l am sorry I cannot attend the meeting of school man- agers at arriich you are to preside to-morrow evening in the Council Chamber. I am going from home to-morrow morning and:inay not It turn till Wednesday evening. The attainment of uniformity in the matter of holidays and in the payment of pupil teachers lam inclined to think is quite impracticable. Toe fixing of one uniform date for the apprenticeship examination of pupil tt.achers, of course, is desirable." The REcTou explained that he was influenced by per- fectly uns ash reasons in moving that the ho'idays be four weeks from the third Friday in July. He took it for granted that Walking Day was fixed and could not be altered, b cause it had been considered so often. He gave the following seven reasons for his m ttion :—(1) that date divides better than any other the long season of school work from Eastnr to Christrnas ; (2) it will cover the Aughut Bank Holiday ; (3) i will enable the teachers to be present On Walkinz Day ; (4) it will al- ways allow a fortnijat's work after Walking Day before the holidays bein, suffi lieat to be of material value ; (5) the e'er Mc at t °Kaolin at,on of teac•tecl is in June or the belinning of July, and this date will enable the young teachers coming out of college to get a holiday ; (61 a noliday at this time, the last fortnight in July and the first fortnight in Au4ust, brings the holidays into moat is probably the hottest time of the year ; (7) this enables tho teachers to meet their friends from all parts oldie country, who are most likely to be having their holidays at that time. The Rev. Father RYAN seconded. _ _

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said his feelings leaned in the dir-ction of the view taken by N.L. Yonge in his letter, and he should, therefore, vote against the res3lution of the R,ctor. A ton 4 discussion ths Rev. M )RLSY STEVEN- SON contending that the later holidty was the better for all. There was, however, a divided opinion in the ineeting,an.d as the dism,sion wis proceeding the Chiir- man read the following letter which had been received —" S. A.lban's, Bewsey•street, Warrington, May 16h, 1899. Dear Sir.—On behalf of the managers of St. Alban's and St. Mary's I beg leave to say that we do not think there is any call on our part to a tsnd the meet- ing. Last year the meeting then called agreed to a cer- tain course, and we loyally kept to that course, but many others did not. What, therefore, is the use of a ' general meeting and certain resolutions agrred to, and I then managers doing just as they like ?—I am, yours ; truly, J. P. WHITTLE." Mr. JOHN DEWHORST spoke in support of the resolu- tion;and pointed out that it was a long spell from the usual Mi isummer holidays to Christmas. His experi- ence was that children did not go away until the men' h of Augast,and tner 41re by hiving the holiday altered as proposed it would cover the second holiday. He knew that took place at People's College. The late Mr. Twiss was in favour of the holidays being altered. The , Wrrrin.ton school year was up in olt )ber. All the new lessons, or most of them, had to be taught by word of mouth, and the work was hard and the weather very hot. By having the holilays a little later they would miss that hot weather. .4 Mr. JAMES CHAIR : If there was a deeision come to last year way has it been broken? It seems to me ifi we sit here all night we shall be no nearer. Each schoo would please itself. The: CHAIRMAN : That ic what we should all like to know, but the School Committee are anxious that there should be a uniform holiday. We don't mind whether it includes the Walking Day or Bank Holiday. The Rev. E. R. TARBUCH expressed a desire,if possible,

to support Canon Willis's proposition, mostly -because he was very strongly in sympathy with the teachers who were just starting their permanent teachers' life after leaving college, but practically that night they were bound at St. Paul's to follow the neighbouring schools. The Rev. F. A. SCRAETON said that in his parish the decision come to last sear would be adhered to. The CHAIRMAN : Christ Church is a somewhat iso- lated parish. What Lltchford does will not influence the decision of the meeting at all. What we want as a School Attendance Committee is one date. Mr. JAMES EVANS spoke in favour of the meeting com- ing to some unAnicnous decision on the matter. Mr. J. D. BIICKTaN slid the decision of the meeting that evening would have little effect that year, as their arrangements ha ,i been already made,but it might effect next year's holidays. It would be a pity to vote on the Rector's resolution that evening. The RECTOR said that under the circumstances, with the consent of his seconder, he would withdraw the resolution. This course was adopted. PUPIL TEACHERS' APPRENTICESHIP. _

This was-Cha next subj?ct di-cussed, and it was intro- duced by the RECTOR, who thought they should have the apprenticeships on the let January, and the annual ex- amination in October. Mr. UPSON F aid that this was a matter with which the managers of the schools had nothing to do, it rested entirely with the Government Inspectors. The Rev. MORLEY OTEVENSON : Yes, but we have always found the Inspectors willing to fall in with any suggestion to meet the conveniecce of the town. Mr. W. F. MONKS s..conded, Mr. JOLLEY supported,and the resolution was unanimously agreed to. The RECTOR : Who wdl bring the matter under the notice of the Ingpectors ? A suggestion was made that the task should he under- taken by the School Committee. (113ar, hear.) The CHAIRMAN : It would, perhaps, come with greater f4rce from the c)airnittae, and if it is your pleasure we will roport to the inspectors and ask their approval. (Hear, hear.)

THE STIPEND QUESTION.

The RECTOR then introduced the third question, namely, a uniform rate for stipend for pupil teachers. He proposed that boys should begin as candidates at £l2 103 ; anu go up by £2 103 0,1 a year ; girls £7 10.4 0.1, and go up to £lO ; second year, boys, £l7 103 Od, girls £l2 103 0,1 ; third year, boys £2O, girls £l5. ac said that between the completion of the apprenticeship, and entering into college they should be guided by circumstances whether there was to be an increase or not. All depended upon the fact whether the pupil teachers wish ed to stay, or the managers wished them to do so. The managers should pay, in addition, school fees for attendance at the central classes. How- ever, he thought the meeting seemed to consider this a purely business matter that should not be settled by then. _ _ _

...,„ . F. W. 7+4,12,1K4 : It is certainly a business questions ald tle scde cif.•),ntle on the funds of the managers It is a matter the managers should settle for themselve.', It is )tot competent for the meeting t settle it. The CHAIRMXN : Srmne schools would find it difficult to fix a slate. _ _ _

The Elf,v. M. STEVENSON admitted that this was a bus'n,9s questioh. 111. w must have teachers; they had no cheaper way than th pupil teacher systsm, and if that was so thy must have the pupil teachers, and pay them such a salary as would induce them to come. He

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WORKINGMEN'S MINSION SUNDAY SCHOOL.

Th 9 anniversary 3erv.ces in connection with the above Sunday School, were held on Sunday last, when the put pit was occupied, both morning and evening, by Mr. & El. Lowe (Student of Didsbury College). In the afro. _

noon a miisical service was rendered 'by the chillren and choir, and Mr. R. A. Naylor, delivered an 1/410q0ent and impressive address. Solos were rendered by Miss Armstrong, Mr. G. Gaugh and Mr.. Elassall. The con- gregations at each service was very good (especially aftern on and evening) and the collections were above the average. Great praise is due to the Choirmaster and Organist (Vlr. S. Hassall and Mr. F. Atkinson), for the efficient manner in which they had trained the children for the occasioß. the singing being excellent. ST. ALBIN'S CHURCH, BENSEY-STREET. SERMON ON " ar ruzimsu."

The annual sermons in aid of the schools were:preached in St. Alban's Church, Bewsey-street, on Sunday. There was solemn high mass in the morning. The celebrant was the Rev. Father F. A. Crew, with Father H. V. Folding (deacon) and Father J. P. Whittle (sub-deacon). The altar was very tastefully decorated. The music of the mass was Beetnov,n in C, and it was excellently rendered. The soloists were Miss Rigby and Miss A. Eckersley (soprano), Mrs. .1. B. Caldwell (alto), Mr. J. Bate (tenor), and Mr. P. Warburton (bass). Mr. J. B. Caldwell presi led at the organ. The preacher morning and ev-ning was the Very Rev. J. Proctor, Provincial of the D rninican Order in England. The subject of the morning sermon was " The perpetual life of the Catholic Church." In the ewnicg there were devotions of the rosary, followed by the sermon and solemn bene- diction of the Blessed Sacrament. Miss McClew sang " ave Maria" and Mr. J. Bate "Te Prego." "Preaching upon the subject" Kitualism in the Catholic Church "Father Proctor said he could well understand an i syrnpathiz, a bit with the wonderment of a stranger to their Catholic faith and Catholic practices when he went for the first time into one ot their Catholic Churches and saw their rites and ceremonies. He could well un- derstand him exclaiming what does it mean, if it has any meaning at all ? And yet he would say it must have a meaning,because he knew that the men whom he saw approving of what was going on were not fools. There must, he would r fleet, be something in the ritual of the Catholic Church. Wnat did it mean ? What was the secret ot the Catholic religion? Why did they build gorgeous churches and adorn them as beat they could ? Why had they flowers and candles and beautiful music, and why did they go through those external rites and ceremonies ? There was a raison for it all. Catholics knew what it meant.

They knew that ritual was a perpetual servant, and that it preached to them more eloquently then the words of eloquent men. It taught them their very faith. They had to give to God not only the affection of their will bat the wership of their external selves. All that went to the mind pissed through the senses of the b edy se the Church used ritual to instruct man through his bodily senses in order to gain his thought, and thro ith his thoueht his heart and will to God. In a few words that was the meaning! of the ritu of the Catholic C lurch. There were two dangers in the use of ritual. People either misunderstanding or not understanding cote- demned that which they did not understand- They were told in the Holy Scripture that when David danced with all his might before the ark the daughter of Saul sneered at him. She di .l not under- stand his external act of reverence to God, and to she sneered. There were people who did not understand the ritual of the Catholic Church, and like the daughter of Saul they sneered. They did not study, yet they con- demned. If they wanted to know what Catholicism meant they sh mid come and a 4k. There was a danger from the misuse of ritual. By that be meant people resting upon the external thing, loeking on the outward shell and not seeing the kernel within. That wai making ritual a religion, and he feaud there were many in England who did that. They di I not understand as Catholics understood the doctrine implied by ritual. They did not unders and that it was only an outward sign of seinething that was intended to be con- veyed to the mind. The ritualism of the Catholic Church was external wo• ship wadded to interior worship. In the Bible ritual was prescribed and practiced every- where. The preacher gave numerous inetaeces, queting particularly incidents which occurred during the lite of our Lord. l Lordr it . wHaeswweliettal:inn ttmiy mustohesayttiehat they could t ledniot bide instanced the outward expression of a child's love for its father and mother. Speaking of the love of God, he said that if there was a light within it would be shown extern- ally. Ritual, therefore, was the external manifestation ot interior love. They liked to give to G d nature's best gifts. Lot, hem give then to God riot oily Lho goo 3 bmt the best. Lot them take their best possessions and use them in his service. Ritual was also an external bond of unity amongs all Catholics. A Protestant going into a foreign country would not understand the service of his church if he did not know the language. There was a common tongue and the same service exactly in all the Catholic Churches throughout the world, and an English Catholic visiting a foreign country or a foreigner in England would be able to follow the service as easily as though he were at home. Ritualism was one ot the wisest institutions which God had given to the Church, and its language was understood by God if misunder- stood by men.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL HALL.

On Sunday Messrs. W. Roden and Frank Taylor con- ducted the service here. Mr. Roden speaking from Luke 2. 49, " Wit ye not that I must be ablut my Father's business?" pointed out that profit and lose were the important considerations of a business man. The business of the Lord Jesus Christ was to work out His Father's will in the salvation of man. He put every- thing he bad into the business and it has not failed yet. He receives the profits when sinners are saved. He asks the business man," What shall it profit it you gain the world and lose your soul ? " God values the soul of man more previous than gold, but some men sell their souls for a few piecesef gold. Will it pay to barter the soul for a few short years of so called pleasure? Mr.F. Taylor from Mark 10 49 pointed out how Christ gives sight to the spiritually blind. He longs to rnest the need of man but man will try everything before be comes to Christ to supply his need. If man gets not spiritual sight in this life be will be shut into the dark- ness for ever.

===== 0002601_18990519_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T WASTE MONEY!

By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of deeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY LOUG HBOROU Gil, LEIC ESTERSHI RE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities.

PRIM OPINIONS.

"We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and mbre costly packets."—" Islewcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing. and we commend them to the notice of amateur garneners and others who desire to make their gardens look b.ight ..uri r g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times."

LIST OF VEGRTABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, rfardy Plants, Fm., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 50C Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

00. Warrington.—.Printed and publishedby John WlLlica teal at The Examiner General Priviing Works, Bayne'''. /70 and published by them at the Barrie pima and also 9,1,46 Examiner Offices, Victoria-tos, WinsiLs 42. "",:.if 14 street, ST. HELENS, and 3 .'slaraet-street, itbe County of Lancaster au i „I.io at High-stree In the Qounty of Cheeter.-514.x 14 1894

..Cll' sbjec att., 4 ether NE

toned S T

tURT SITU tin Ina to _

Ton the hlarriv. e. wit'

Sup, NO

The Bessie tor ih to the fore t

Cie: r's

THE tend ei Oectiv Ihq.,

ay] Awl} wou aides \roc ARTL EIMIT 'Mew

I WAR] T 9 1

.. ~,.,,,:‘ L

API t 2,151), I.Por ~„•‘Ol3Ti

A

. BP} .or it, I *oed lotree.

The Litkes] --jrhe gw bliVc ery +.11,21

%Ca

Irßoi Cla Mond, *orld kridal Wei:l4l

oitn 401. tw, ?turn 'moth, riettaiti

2111111 bee, za, 1044

===== 0002601_18990519_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S SAUSAGES ARE UNFQUALLED FOR QUALITY.

CHRISTADELPH lAN ROO NI, BOLD-STREET WARM NGION.—LSCTURE (DV.) 6•30p.rc., May 21st. Subject : " The reason of our hope," by Mr. M. ADAMS of Crewe. Seats free, No collections or offerings.

LORD BROS'. SHOW OF COSTUMES, COSTUMES, COSTUMES FROM 9s. 11D. TO 425. ALTERED FREE. FIT GUARANTEED. AT 1281 BRIDGE STRE-E' WARRINGTON.

NEW 43(YzPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MBETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. 11,1AY 21sT as follows :—Worship 10-30. School 2, Gospel Q3O. Preacher Mr. JOHN TAILOR All seats free. No collection. Books provided. _- IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. 'BUS. 'BUS. 'BUS.

...WARRINGTON (in CONNECTION with the EXPRESS TRAIN) to FEARNHEAD. the place of the future. The PUBLIC are req rested to patronize the 'BOB. ----- ARMY CONTR kers —TEN Do as for SUP- PLIES to MILITARY HOSPITALS and PRISONS, for the period of three years, frorn 111.-, JULY, 1899. at the various Stations in the North vf stern Drstrict. will be re- eeived at the underrnentioued offi !e, until 12 o'clock NOON, 011 MONDAY. the 29th MAY. 1899. Forms of TEND SR, with list of Stations, can be obtained 011 application to the AS-081'4NT ADJ•TTANT GENERAL. District Head Quarter Office, Chester.

4‘IIIQEG PARDON, EXCUSE HE, BUT WHERE .1.1 DID-," "011, YES! ORNAIIENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LIIECE-S PREEr, LIVERPOOL." 'THANK Y 011." ALL in DEBT or DIFFICULTIES should consult Mr. A. LEWIS. P.1.A.. 9, Union-court, Castle-street Liverpool. Creditors arranged with without bankruptcy or legal proceedings. Consult ttion free. All persons served with writs or summonse3 should apply at once.

THE MANCHE:STEN SHIP u9.NAL COMPANY. (Brulgews•er Department), RUNCORN DOCKS TRAPVIC, ac. NOTICE is HEREBY GIVeiN that the Company will SUSPEND WORK at Run.!orn Docks and Bridgewater 'Wharves on WHI.T-MONOaY (Bank Holiday), the 22nd lust, and on TUHSDAY the `43rd inst Craft will, however, be ante to pass through the Canals and Docks as usual W. H. COLLIER, Manager. Bridgewater Canal Oft .es, Chester-road, Eanthester, May Bth, 1899.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A. LBO COINS, WAR MEDA LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING And BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63----RENS RAW-ST Rain. LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate. DOG COLLARS.—First-class Collar, collie's or terrier's, with name and address is 6d post free ; Muzzles half prioe.—ROBERTS, Engraver, 87 Lord-street, Liverpool. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 25.; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A fir-class tassel with each mover. . Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walkinz Sticks always kept in stock. 27,MANciEsTER-ST. ; branch,9, Great George- street. Liverpool.

THE QUESTION OF TFLg DAY.—WHERE TO SPEND THE SUMNIER HOLIDAY? GO TO RHYL. Cheap Bookings from all parts.— An hour and a half's run from Warrington. BRIGHT, BRA.CING, A.N D BREEZY. Best bathing and safest bolting in the kingdom. Unsurpassed for moderate ch a-gas and cheap living. Five miles of sands. driest atmosphere, purest water, and perfect sanitation. ioniely Hotels, Hydros, Boar(ling Houses, and Apartments. Asphalted PrOMellaie, a forty acre Marine Lake, Pier and Concert Pavilion, rural sandhills: Death rate in 'B9B only 16 11. birect and short access to the beauties of the Vales ol Clwyd and Conway, to Bettws y Cc ed, Menai Straits, and Snowdon —Sea EICLICSiOI3B Daily. ALL INFORMATION GRATIS FROM SECRETARY, IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION RHYL.

ppI;PTUREbs FOR CURE OF RUPTURES, .I.a• T. EGGING-TONT Improved Rffectual TRUSS for Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7a 9 Grosvenor-street Lon con-road. Manchester.

k OROUGH OF c.,Vv\-'4.;ii t-4:1 WARRINGTON. ...,- ....,..i.k. ...it , lit •••,,,.*.j:Ct,.:..F '1: "' . t•••::. W ARRINGTON CORPORATION TEATDA TE D MANURE. TWENTY-FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLI A.M HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

- RUNCOUN SUILOOL BOARD.—TO BUILDERS. The RUNCORN SCHOOL BO ARD are prepared to RECEIVii T YNDERS for ALTRRATIONS and A.DDI- MONS to the Granville-street Sch ,01, Runcorn. Plans and sp edications may be e'en at the office of the Board on and after SATU lcD AY. MAY 13th to MAY 20th be- tween the tours of ten and twelve in the morning. A charge of £1 will be made for the quantities which will be -returned on receipt of a bona fide Tender. Sealed Tenders endorsed " Tender tor alteration etc. laranville street Scholia " must be addressed to the Clerk of the School Board, Town Hall, Runcorn, and must be in his /lands not later than Wedaesday, the '4th day of May, 1899. The Board do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. 3011 N W lIGHTBURN, Clerk to the Board. Town Hall, Runcorn, May 3rd, 1899.

BARLOW'S I.IC POWDERS. Cure Pain. in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neurilgia. E'3iatica. Rheumat- ism, Anaemia. 8;c. All Cbimist is id and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILL9LEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

S ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES Pis. 6D. AND 10S. 6D. 481 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THROULM LAKB-LAND TO THB ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) commencing MAY 19th. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steuner leaves Warrington via Preston at 9-56 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s 61 Trains run Third class and Saloon lfis Od alongside Third class and Fore Cabin lls Od 3 steamers. SPECIAL NCTICE.—CIROULAR TOUR Tickets available Lor g ing via Barre v and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or rice versa, can now be obtained at following Vares First-class and Saloon 19s Od Third-class and Salo )a Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverston (for the Lakes). Furness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express sti...amer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE." will be on the service on MAY 19th, 20th, and 22nd and also during July. August. and September. There will be lIXTRA sat in,s every SATURDAY. July Bth to SBPTEMBH.I. 2nd.—JAMBS LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 165. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. Sci. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

RELFAST.—WHITSUNTIDE. Return 1-1 Saloon 88.. Retort' Steerage 4s. Week- erui Holiday with Hotel 255. - s.s. 0/1.1.RD0 SIAN. (Electric light throughout) EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY. From WEST SIDE, Ggollreh'S DOOK, LIVERPOOL. Tuesday. 23rd Nay, 9.30 p.m. Thursday, 25th May, 9.30 p.m. Satnrday. 27th May, 10-30 pm. Send for New RlitiOn Peps at Irish Scenery." J. J MACE ASONS, 14, Water-street. Liverpool.

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOTER-STREET, LITERPOOL.

LIVERPOW. TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS IiA.:FGOR, BstIDGE. •DAI LT SAILINGS'. Including Sundays. The Splendid Paddle Steamer" ST. TUDNO " Will leave tho Prince's Landing Stage, Daily (including Sun. days), at 10-45 am-, a. loarimr about 3i hours ashore at Llandudno, and doe back in Liverpool at 7-30 p.m. AFTi.RNOON EXOURSIONi. Saturdays and Sundays, by" St. Flviei " or" Snowdon," at 2-15 p.m. • BANK HOLIDAX SAILINGS, 9-15 and 10-45 a.m., and 2-15 p.m. Early Boat from Wales on Tuesday morning. For all bather particulars apply to THE LIVRUPOoL AND 110HTH WALFS STEAMSHIP Co., LTD., T.G. BREW, Secretary, 20. w ATEP. STREET, LivEaPooL. Telephone 63E6.

WHIISUNTIDE tiOLIDAY6. THE DROGHEDA STEAMPACKEr COMPANY, LIMITED. CHEAP EXCURSION FROM LIVERPOOL TO THE HISTORIC TOWN OF DROGHEDA AND THE CHARMING SCENERY OF THE BOYNE VALLEY. Return Fares—Saloon, es.; Steerage 48. btearners sail as under To DROGHEDA FRoM DROGHEDA. (From Collingwood Dock). Monday, May 22, at 8 p Saturday. May 20, at... 5p in Wednesday May 24, at 8p in Monday,May 22, at ......7 aDI Friday, May 26 at 9p in Saturday. May 27, at 10 p na ON WHIT MONDAY the steamer will sail from Drogheda at 8 p m, and land passengers at Liverpool at 6 a in on Toes day in time for business. Ticket Office, Collingwood Dock, Llverpool.—For handbills and further partictuars apply to ISAAC JANDRELL. 23, Water-street, Liverpool.

DAILY SAILINGS. . NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Best and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winifride's Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Salo in Steamer FLYING FALCON Will Sal from the Prince's Lniding-stage and Mostyn <weather and other eircutr.sta"ces permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOiTYl;r.,id Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, two to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in iorth Wa!es. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LivEaPooL. From MOSTTN. Saturday. ...4 30 p m Sat irday. May 20 ...7 30 p m Monday, *V ay 22 80 a m Monday, "May 2! 80 pm 'Tuesday, *May 23 80 ain Tuesday, *May 23 ... 100 am 60 pm 8 30 p m Wednesday. May 24 B'3o in Weinesday, May 24 11 0a m Thursday. May 25 ... 90 a m Thursday, May 25...12 0 noon Priday, May 26 Saturday, May 27 100 ain Laturday, May 27 ... lOpm Single Pare (Deck), is. 6d. ; (Bridge), 2s. 6d. Return Pare (Deck), 2s. ; Bridge, 3s. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue on y. Ref re,hments on board at. Moderate charges. Ofli3es : 27. WATER-31 ti SVC, Liverpo I. Telephone, 2,334.

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS. (Sundays excepted). DAILY to TUESDAY, 30TH MAY. From LIVERPOOL. From DoIIGLAS. Daily, 10 30 ain& 2 p m Daily, 9ain & 4 p FLEETWO, DTO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily, to 30th May, at 215 1 Daily, to May 30th, at 8 30 pin I am LIVERPOOL To liP.MMEE direct. - Every Saturday 12 30 soon ; via Doug.as, Friday, 26th, Thursday, 25th; and Tuesday, 30th, at Z p M. FLEETWOOD TO RAMSEY, via Dough.s, at 215 pin on Thursthy, 2oth ; Friday, 26th ; and Tuesday, 30th. Illustrated programme, &c, forwarded by Cook and Son. can and Dawson '3wan and Leitch, Ltd., Manchester ;or t.„he ISLE c, STEAM PACKET COMPANY. LTD., "onglas,

MRS. BENNETT, (COIL AGENT,) 20, ARP LET STREET, WARRING TON. AGENT FOR PIILLAR'S DYE WORKS, PERTH. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

THE THE LIVER £lO TO 22,000 LIVER THE . THE LIVER LIVER THE COTTAGES, VILLAS, THE LIVER LW BR THE 110 TELS, THE LIVER THE THE THE LIVER BOARDING-HOUSES, LIVER THE T H E LIVER MANSION!, LIVER THE THE FURNISHED THROUGHOUT LIVER LIVER FOR CASH OR THETHE DEFERREDPAYMENTS. LIVER LIVER TFfE PERFECT SATISFACTION THE LIVER GUARANTEED. LIVER THE THE LIVER T LIVER HE LIVER FURNISHING THE THE LIVER C LIVER THE OMPANY THE LIVER (Established over 50 Years). LIVER THE THE LIVER 112. CAZNEAU-STREET, LIVER THE SOOTLIND-ROAD, THE LIVER LIVERPOOL, LIVER 1 THE T HE LIVER Absolutely the Oldest, Largest, Best, LIVER THE and Cheaoe3t Firm of Genuine, Far- THE LIVER ni;hing Contractors. Carpet Factors, LIVER THE Ironniong,rs, and General Merchants THE LIVER in the North of England. LIVER THE NEW and SECOND-HAND RE- THE LIVER LIABLE GOODS of every debcription. LIVER THE Tr ame fool all Railway Stations in THE LIVER the City and the P,erhead pass the LIVER THE GREAT HOUSEHOLD FURNISHING THE LIVER STORES every minute. Fare One LIVER THE Penny. THE LIVER LIVER THE 112, ei. THE LIVER ii. ‘...ARNEAU-STREET, LIVER THE LIVERPOOL. THE LIVER LIVER

RIDE MAZEPPA CYCLES. GENT'S SPECIAL ROAD RACERS, fitted with large Chain Wheels. half-inch Pitch Uhain. Box Crown, D Tubes, Dustproof and Oil retaining Bearings, Ram's-uorn Handle &kris. Racing Saddle, Clipper Reflex Tyres, £9. LADIES' SPECIALS. complete with Gear Case, and Dress Guard, £9. GUARANTEED. WRITE FOR OUR ILLUS. RATED CATALOGUE, POET FREE. Easy Payments. Testimonials from all Parts, Show Rooms : MAZEPPA CYCLE CO., 108, CAZNEAU-ST., SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good qnatity and first-class workmanship The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them FIT FOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large sto3k, experieoce, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which naturally apply to or well-known extensive business of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852), in which we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all parts of the country, make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE LESS THAN THI3 USUAL CCIT PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will. secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL LIMB-STREET END (Close by the Adelphi Motel).

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL Is now showing an ENORMOUS SIOCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST STYLES AND MOST MODERATE PAICES lathe City.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

T IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling • -1-1 at GRBENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BRAR Or other steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). MAY AND JUNE. 1,11051 LIVERPOOL PION( GLASGOW Clarence Dock and by train from Glasgow South-West Side. (Central Station). to Greenock at 5.21 p.m. Tuesday 23rd, 9 p.m. Saturday 2Cth, 2 p.m. Monday 29th, 1 p.m. Friday 26th. 2 p.m. Monday sth, 8 p.m. *Friday 2nd, 2 p.m. Friday 9th, 10 p.m. *Wednesdny 7tb, 2 p.m. *And by train from St. Bnoch's at 6-38 p.m. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 103 ; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage, (single) 5s ; SPECIAL FARES: —Cabin return (aiailable for t,m days). 12s 6d. Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return tickets are avail,ble by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MADIVilft 8: CO.. managers, Albert square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

AATHITE STAR LINE VV ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS., LIVERPOOL to NEW YOR via Queenstown. BRITANNIC Wed.. May 24 I TEUTONIC Wed.. May 3l second Cabin carried on MAJESTIC and TEUTONIC only. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to jjy, 'sawn, and Co., Liverpool snd 34. Leadenhali street, London 8.0..

HIGH-CL ASS DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, Sze. LESS 30 TO 50 "o9IEENLLTi R'S PRICES. EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON-ROAD, 122 LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, T. JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITH/3, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. MAGNIFICENT VARIETY OF LADIES'DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RINGS, GENT'S SINGLE-STONE DIAMOND RINGS, DIAMOND PENDANTS, BRACELETS, LADIES' AND GENT'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL THE LEAD- ING MAKERS. OLD GOLD AND SILVER ANTIQUES, DIAMONDS. !cc., BOUGHT OR TAKEN IN EXCHANCa. TELEPHONE, 2061. MONEY ADYANCED ON JEWELLERY, DIAMONDS, WA.TEHEs. PLATE, AC., TO ANY AMOUNT AT Low RATES OF INTEREST ; STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

GENUIN3 EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IN CIBES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GO T, SCIATICA LIMBAQ-0, HEADACHE. PAINS IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES, CHILBLAINS, Ac. PRICE is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. , J. H. ANDS . JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL ; 7, CHURCH-STREET ; .oro 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EVANS, SON AND Co., and Jourr TnomP- SON, Liverpool.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

T - MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

CHAS. W. BUTLIN & SON, PADGATE NURSENIES AND POULTRY-FARM Near Warrington. NURSERYMEN, FLORISTS 14 SEEDSMKN. 10,000 BEDDING- PLANTS FOR SALE. MARKET : WARRINGTON, EARLESTOWN, 'VtIGAN. STOCKION HEATH: MoNDAY Inspection of Nurseries invited

W• B. WEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. the Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 6, RANELAGH-S MEET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station). "A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoronghly reliable all HAND-IVIAD Ft SILVER ERG LISII PATENT LEVER WATCH, cep ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CleiES, wall finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR PIP XY SHILLINGS." This wat chic tirnedto a minute, and will STAI‘D ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETMON 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.E. Sent host-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

43 D DAS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Gro,,ers and Druggists, in Canister 5d.. al., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRDDICS AND SON. VirAHRINGTOIS MAI:MINED 1833

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASE or BOTTLES from kiuNNINGHAM WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stopp.red Bottles. Telephone No. 179. kaaILEIS, 0 WliN

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINF MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Caavas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil sheets, &4. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire, SPORTS, PICNIUS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CLIESTER'6-YALD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a position to SELL all the LATEST ErumNas AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. W. ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery : 69, Lime-street.

S.P.Q R. S.P.Q.R. S.P Q R. SMALL PRICE I QUICK REMEDY ! ! For Sick Headache, Bitioubness, Indigestion. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRICE is. 1/0, BOOTS Red aced Price 90. Local Branches of 800 rs Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 36. BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE- STREET, AND MARKET-GATE. ETOCKPOF.T :-26, BRIDGE-aTREET BROW. Aim:masa& :-37, RAILWAY-STREET. ECCLES —5B, CHURCH-STREET ST HELENS :-6, OR .ISKIRK-STREET. CREsTEs :-28, EASTGATE ROW and 30, BASTGATE- STREET. TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE RENOWNED FOB To w Lin CHLORODYNE COUGHS, TINFLUENZA, OWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, TcoNeummoic, OWLE'S CHLORODY NE ASTHMA, TSPASMS. &C. OWLE'S HLORODYNE 13id. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE AI ANC WTESTE3. •

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the' town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FI 4. TY SHILLINGS All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCIs AND 00. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1.664.

LONGWORTH PAPER MERCHANT. 1 BUTTER PAPER, 13s 64 cwt FLOUR BAGS. Vis ow CHEESE „ lie „ PURPLE BAGS, Sc THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE OR PINK,. 12s 6d, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 7id ;16 by 24, 101 d ; 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 oze. le. 4 ozs. is 24 per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE id per 10J0 less. ENVELOPES, is 64 1000. NOTE,PAPER,3Id per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 LIU) 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, (1 1../IGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. H TiGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCJIESTBR. Established 65 Years.

UMBRELL&S ! UMBRELLAS 1 1 THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND UNSIIAD ES RECOVERED ur HALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

have built their BUSINEISS on quality which is the AT best test of cheapness. 221 BUTTERHARK ET STREET, POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S. WARRINGTON.

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 10, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. INLAID LINOLEMIS, 2s. 11D., AND 3s. 6D. PER YARD.

SMALL'S, GREAT GEORGE STREET, AND ALFRED STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALSO RICE LANE, NEAR ORRELL LANE. WHOLESALE BEDDING MA NUFACTUR ER• FULL-SIZED BEDSTEAD, BRASS MOUNTED, BEAD AND FOOT, PAIR STRONG PALLIASSES, WOOL BED, BOLTER AND 2 PILLOWS, TOILET WARE, CARPET, 3 YARDS ai 2 YARDS, LARGE TOILET CHEST OF DRAWERS, GOOD SIZE, WELL-MADE WASH STAND, TOILET GLASS, TOWEL RAIL, TWO CANE-SEATED CHAIRS, ALL FOR £3 19. 6D ALL POLISHED, EITHER WALNUT, BIRCH, OR MAHOGANY, ALL TO MATCH.

TURNISH THROUGHOUT AT LOWEST PRICES. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. MOST ARTISTIC FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN ENGLA.ND. STYLE, QUALITY, AND ECONOMY.

TAM O'StIANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE 40N APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depits and Show Rooms 35 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL • ELBPHONE No. 7090. boLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANW Y, 37. BITTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HA.NDLBY AND BECK. IforviifoliGEßS.

ASK YOUR GROCER OR. FLOUR DEALER FOR "Ti.CL" YEAST T. THERE ARE CHEAP INFERIOR YEASTS AND MANY FOREIGN MAKES, BUT D.C.L. IS OF HOME MANUFACTURE AND THE BEST. IF YOU CANNOT GET IT DROP A POST CARD TO DORAN AND Co., 22, PRINCESS-STREET, WIGAN. GROCERS. BAKERS, AND CONFECTIONERS WHO CANNOT GET " D.C.L." YEAST FROM THEIR RESPECTIVE DEALERS. KINDLY wairE US AND THE SAME SHALL HAVE OUR IMMEDIkTE ATTENTION.

DO YOU REQUIRE FASHIONABLE TAILORING FOR STRING AND SUMMER. MEN'S TWEED SUITS, NEW COLOURINGS FRO[ MEN'S BLACK VICUNA AND WORSTED CO,A.TS AND VEST FROM 15s. 6D. MEN'S STYLISH TROUSERS FROM is. 6D. The Choicest Selections in High Class WOOLLEN3 and WORSTED Suitings. FROM THE BEs r MAKERS IN THE KINGDOM. -YOUTHS S UITS. All up to Date. Stylish. At Popsitar Prices. BOY'S SUITS • A Marvellous Assortment of Styles in the Essex. Howe, Leslie, Lincoln, Viscount, Sirdar, Baron, Howard, Sultan, Stirling, West End, Gran*, Oval, Golf, Norfolk, &c. From 38. 111 to 10s. 61. The Largest Stock of Juvenile Speci.lites in Town. ORDER DEPARTMENT. SUITS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from TROUSMIS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOT HING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARK ET-ST KEET, WA RRINOTON.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAgERS Always in Stook. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

'-, - '...-s.,AP . .., - :,,,.?.: i,c . K.t..lr'ilter •:,..,,siaTci; ,---4 A.. -5. i.. 4 ~. -1w0..., . . , $,, ,I .., ~...„,,:„-„„,,, 2.• ~ •. ~ gc;,7,t,,,;,_d !.,i ci• . i ~,4,,,t.414,; ,„ , , •,,,,ioj.. ....... . ..„-. f. ~...4,-.soe . ~, . ..u. ... 11, ~,„•.,1(.), 0,..... 5.-ist„-A-- •„..„.t ~to., Ar '',7'7', -;' 4. hu• -*:‘,' .', - - ..,,..,.-11 •S'' .','''' ii;,,l.,Zc- ~.-,F.,.N.: 1.1. .z...% v„,- ..p. ,2-.. ,i,,, -.,- ..4,*,-, , * , , ..• * '%-.,::`,- 4'4,1,4 '.1(1,;2', Al,t 4%.• J. r: ~: ~ 4 ' - • -i, .1, tV;AP • .1., I 4 . , , • , , „...,,,a,.. ,z,...:;..... .e... ..,......,:. V''' V 44.1. ~J,P, •.„ - , 4,1•14 ,ii,t,,, ",,404,...,,,,,- ~- Ofi',74,4'S kli f ; ",'.. t%,,lx':. hstil.A...t?l,^:;, '

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. ELOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOOPING COUGH cure without interna Roorma COUGH Ot all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl a. Sole holesale Agents, I3RONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria btreet, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

11ADE'S PILLS. tun-8 pus. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately JEAL3I3 puxs. have recourse to RAISE'S PILLS. t Hundreds of Testimonials have ADIS'S DILLS. been received from all sorts and conditions 01 men testifying to ...IE, Aims pILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief In the yetis EADE'S DILLS. worst eases. These Pills are purely I. vegetable and perfectly safe in 'their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, IisSEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT "16,Burton-eres lint Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. It HEUEIA T I S M "Dear Sir,— It is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in ro.OUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RUE U MAT months in bed with it. Of course 'GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R lit 111 1/31 ATIS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a 40r9UT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented It HE UMAT I S M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least 'Cr" pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again IHII UMA T I S;11 directly. I WOULD NOT Eli. WITHOUT OUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RH B Uhl ATI 13 lia Yon are quite at liberty to make what use you Riot of this, and 1 GOUT shall be pleased tb answer any poor sufferer who cares to writs R lIBUILATIBIA rue (enclosing stamped address). bing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT Motrwrinc." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. list and 2s. Sd Or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOBWELL-ROAD, HAI Ask fir and be sure you obtain VADF.'S GOUT AND 41.111 U IdATIO PILLS. , T.l EADE S PILLS

For nearly 20 years DR. DAvIS' FANIOUS FENIAL9 PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO: WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Aummia, Giddiness 'Fulness and swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite. 14ysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. BOXes, 90., ]s. 1d , 2i. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be Iml from hemists and Patent Medicine Venders everywhere. Do not le., persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask 'nem to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro. “Prletor— DR. DAVIS, 309, PortOello-road, Notting Hill, London.

lc EATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fens, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. Kills Pleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. Kil:s Flees, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. "UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Flees, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins 3d.' Ed., and Is. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTELS, BUGS.

HYGI Ii;NIC SPRING. CLEANING. PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER, PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION. SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR is. 61). CARRIAGE PAID. PAYTON MANUFACTURING CO., 10, NORFOLK-STREET, MANCHESTER.

f MANLY MEN. 'Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Vremature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weaknegs ? Send for "01, y book, which shows how every man, young and old, can ___•e thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MIEDIOINE or PLECTRICITY Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : " I cannot find words to express how thanllful I am. I /coed to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your Advertisement at first, I should have saved many Dounds.—G F. 115." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- Zectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. a.Lgron. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street Loudost. WC. 'tttd at once and be cared. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. IRREGULAiaIIES, &c.,—A Lady, having tried in vain Avery advertised rqmedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter stu,born the case. Bona fide sufferers can get ir FREE OF CHARGE by 'enclosing stamped env er .lope. Don't experiment with Wth- less Pills, Mixturr, _ales, and other injurious nostrums' rTite at On .Gri full HOPE AND CONE' DENCE to ,M CZ. 0. _• CLAIR 46 Southampton Ihildings, Clasncery-laue '..andon LADIES ! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKS, the eminent Lady BPecialist in all Female Oomplabts. has much pleasure in litlritiouncing that her REMEDY for restoring regulaiity ITROUT MRDICINE is, he 9nly Positive, safe, certain, 4 speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does at interfere with household duties. I guarantee every ease. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ", and most convincing Testimo this (Guaranteed Genuine 'ander a Penalty of £1..000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, Bradv,ate-road. Catford, London S.ll.

WILLIAMUNDO?, Miniature, Manufacturer of ILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN IIAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of tk_Dominoes, GAMES "fta. Draughts, Tables Recovered Fon Pattr..qun, Quoits, and Repaired. OLtres, and Darts, as. Pcnilca. Skittles, &c. Estimates given. 381 SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS. DR. DE: ROO'S Are • COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Ah_• _Justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and tree,7 remedy for Pains in the Bick, Gravel. Lumbago. .ottu, Rheum ttism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or bi er Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Discharges. and k leases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. tp:ll3,complain:s, supposed abe nervous, often arise solely *IP contamination of the blood with certain impurities o,4;ca Ihould have been carried off by the kidneys. Every •4,'"Re bears the Government stamp, with the worth, It. ALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. led. and at all 'Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors. Itord House, Holford-square, London, W.C. _

r. a-12. "ExhattNin a," NI Ay 19TH, 1899. CJI comumnications Incviirig solotions tohrohle•ns and prohiems for Competition, mustb,-laddres,e4 to the " ()rause tl grlitor." lixarniner " Offisio. War- rington. and must r soh th o&os no: later than the first post on EP morning. The DrauAts iitor will h please.l to receive problems from lolal players. and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all encu4irie3.3 ANSVVIti Tf ) C')II4,ESTONDENTS. W. RIGBY ; Tsre Brid,l all righ,.. J. LIM Do,ibleks von will have noticed that we credited you with tne pints in our lash week's issue. SOLU HON TO PR, ;BLEU No. 33. SELECTED. Black men on 3,5, 8, 16, :Ind 21; kings on 15,and 22, White men on 13, 23, 24, 29, awl 31; kings on 2 and 6. Whiio to move ein.l 24-19 22-15 31-26 5-14 2 4 15-24 29-25 30-23 6-10 W wins 23-15 21-30 13— 9 15-6 —_— PROBIAII No. 34. BY MR. W. DAELLINGToN, PBNICBTIT. [BLACK]

411 10/A/ (;•:4•l°r• , / ri / y. • cp , UUU "4 0A

[WH,TE 2 Black to InJVe and win. SOLVERS' LIST. Previous Problem Total. score. No 31. Pr,s "E J P," Warrington 49 2 51 "C P," Warrington 47 2 49 F Wright, Warrington 44 2 46 S Tavlin, Warrington 36 2 33 J Lee, Warrington ..... ........... 3O 2 32 A Hall, Warriagton 32 32 W Rigby, Warrington 3O 2 32 W Hew,tt, Warrington 26 2 28 T P Forb)s, Warrington — 20 E Donaghy, Pudgate _lB 2 20 H Powell, Warrington lB 2 20 E Ogden, Warringr,on 14 0 .., 16 D Plinston, Warrington l2 12 J W Plinston,Warritigteu l2 12 S Albinson, Szockton Heath 10 2 12 "J R," Padgate 10 10 G Rowe, Warrington 8 '2 10 W lil Kean,Warrington ... T Rickers, Warrington ... 8 2 10 W Massey, Warringtoo .... 10 G Lowe, Warrington . ... J J Paden, Sankey Bridges 6 2 8 W Darlington, Penketh 6 9 ..., 8 J Evans, Warrington ..., ~, 6 A Rutter, Warrirvton R Mercer. Padgate J Rose, Penketh 2 2 J R Grieve, Warrington ELEMENTARY rosITIONS. FOURTH PoSITION. [BLACK ]

"

' , , 64 ar/ p /./; z, lIUU/// ir,/4 ‘; L.'

The small diagram will ':),,;plllllol6gimirjrx,i,a enable our re viers to o.ol2bwilioz 0 ~,,,,,v.. understand the natation by =LAM 40 0 I,lp which the moves of the Mar 10 rAignilgyilei game are recorded. Black 111304 t Venar.4 la si",',/,,yr bered Ito 12 and white 1 gi .4.4':' -/fA, VA ‘-' -ietw those numbemd 21 to 32. uNlieritv ~. kyoriplres The figures thus (11-15) <Aluvesk , 0 c;,12,1,1111111/4.Lla indicate that a move is rilliOrn4crill9alV? made from and to the ade,",:hairx/addi'‘,#,lNFAf squares so numbered. Black ~ 54,10ellr:01:0 has the opening move .sod .• 4K '' *Am, ,b---' ._ the pairs of figores apply ~,,vl3l v.,47, 4 alternately to Black and ...,* / ‘,... ,•:1", • White to Use close.

IVANTED, strong YOUTH to live in; knowledge of farm work.—Apply JOHN EDWARD ASTBURY. Mars- land-road, Sale.

WANTED, FARM SERVANT LAD; good milker ; good character.—Apply JAMES HAWORTN, Mouldenwater Farm, near Blackburn.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1848 or earlier. 189'2 or later ; also last Arctic; 23 each given.--MAJOR TOMBS, Droitwica.

AGENTS WANTED to handle a splendid invention that costs id. and sells live wildfire at sd.—CnowN INK Co., Kingstown, Ireland.

DIRMINGHAIkt GOODS. Everything. Wholesale Book free (Canv.sser's Catalogues 1s) Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham. CONFECTIONER.—Competent FE ALE. for Bakehouse; to take management ; state age wages and references. —Toonct.L. 9, Orchard-road, St. Annes-ou-the-Sea.

rr OBACCONI -T3 Commencing.—See Md. Guide (259 1. pages) 3d Tobacconists' Outfitting Co.. 186, Euston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted Estimates free.—Mgr H. MYERS.

A CTIVII MEN and WOMEN WANED, everywhere, to /IL earn rom 5s to 25s oer week in spare Um," or evenings; send for psrticulars,—Box (41), Eclipse Works,B9, Aldersgate- street, London,

NVANTECD, for ROYAL NAVY. Boys. Youths, Engine room Artificers, Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Coopers. Painters, Shipwrights and Royal Marines.—For particulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal Marines, 259, Liver- pool-road, Warrington.

PURE INDIAN GAMIC EGG'S, prize strain, 3s. per Sitting.- GEORGE Paonurt, The Hundred, near Leo- minster, Herefordshire.

PN, silver Wyandottes, fur Pullets, and Cockerell Crombleholmes direct 263 ; approval if carriage paid.— WILLUm BARKER, Cornholme, Tocimorden.

DLACK Minorca EGGS from special selected birds of the leading strains. 3s sitting ; .carriage paid on two sit- tings—H. Mc.xoN, Northfield House, Ardsley, Barnsley.

'I4IGGS for S tting from grand pen Black Orpingtons, LA prize bred. 5s ; Brown Le.thorns, 4s. sitting ; unfer- ti es replaced; inspection invited —Bnl3f LEY, 9, Crosby- road. Birkdale Southport.

EGS for sitting, from Pure Bred Black Minorcas and White Leghortis good laying strain, 2s 6d a sitting; 3s packed. J. HUGIIEES. Bruche Heath, Padgate, near Warring- ton. No business done on Sunday.

EGGS FOR SITTING from the following: Pure Bred Blitek Minorca. White Leghorn, Andalusians, Golden Wyandotte,indian Game, at 3s per sitting, unfPrtiles replaced If returned carriage paid.—H. W EARDEN, City Mawdesley, near Ormakirk.

UGGS (PRIZB STRAINS) Rocks, Orpingtons, Silver Wyandottes. Minorcae, Moudans, buff and white Leg- horns, 3s. par doz Buff and Partidge Cechins. buff Orping- tons, light Brahmas, and Indian Game :is. 6d. ; Mammoth Turkey'a, Ed each, Incubators 21 10s. Bearers from 7s. 6d. Grit Smashers 3e each. J. G. Powsia.L, Barrow Hall-lane, Sankey. Warrington. LIGGS FOR SITTING from the following breeds : Black 114 Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorna, Red Caps, Blue Andalusians, Houdens, Buff Cochins, Barred Plymouth Hocks, Black Orpingtons, White Brahmas, Black Langshans. Silver Wyntoottes, Indian Game; and the following Crooses (male bird lir,t) : Hcuden—lnellan Game, Brown Leghorn—Re Cap, Brown Leghorn—Buff Cochin. Brown Leghorn—Golden Wyandotte, White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Buff Orpington—nrst cross hens. All eggs one price, viz, 3s per sitting packed, put on rail ;2s6d to those who fetch them All unfertile eggs replaced. At HENRI" DRAPER'S, Mather-lane. Lowton (near Newton-le-Willows). No business done on Sunday. rive minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station,

£150,000 ttorn:io pepreeenfiti.tt:fhle) Advanced, mon to suit borrowers, in any part of thre country.—J.eW. ,13eds I,LDBLE,Re. 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

UNION CREDIT BAN, LINITED. Established 1839. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office: 38, 10ElSHt.W-STREICU, LIVERPOOL £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. /lc., at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ It £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40e. 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Bates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 21. to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. VOIIN E. GOODWIN continues to ;make ADVANCEB ,t.P PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Fe.riners. Working-men, end all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. 4ONIIZ TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. litGetiCZ 70,0 IPURNISH YOUR HOUSE. KONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Wi Bondsmen, witiooA4 delay, without public enquiry; tho, --"rae written prmige to my back. on your ail, a carAMERNu Apply VICI:Ohs.... of the Centrai Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £1 ), £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards. FI ELVIN G'S LIMIT-ED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 60 years. LOANS £5 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assnranre Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/- per wk, £lO 5/- £25 „ 12/8 „ £l5 „ 7/5 „ £3O „ 15/- Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attentAcn. No fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8. Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINrAgN,

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. Tha undersigned has been established for nearly 30 Tears, and has always conducted BUSINESS under HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. --- PROSPECTUSES, terms for advances, or any informa- tion desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on ap- plication either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 201 KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES ! ! NO CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money to respectable applicants (male or female) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY, PROMPTITUDE. EASY REPAYMENTS, MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to nine; Seturdays ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JOS. DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

pA TENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIRii & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish • ment, and possess practicalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactmres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGB DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

LADIRS. LADIES. /[RS. SCHAFFER-BENNYON, the Eminent Lady ILL Specialist in all Female Complaints, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDIC:INR is the only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost iMMS- - and does not interfere with household duties. Guaran- teed harmless. Send at once stamped addressed envelope for full par- ticulars and most convincing Testimonials (GUARANTEED GRNUINE UNDER I PENALTY OF £1,000). to MRS. CHAFFER- BENNYON, 63, High Holborn, London, W.C.

G. H. & H. n. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61 63 CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST:FORFEITED.

A LARGE STOCK or Men's, Payments taken lA_ Youths' and Boys' CLOTH- ING.

Men's Suits from Youths' Suits from Boys' Suits from 2s. 6d. Boys' Suits from is. 3d. Men's Coats from Men's Trousers from ls. 11d. Men's Vests from Youth's Coats from Youth's Trousers from Youth's Vests from 9d. Cord and Mole Trousers f' orn 59, CHURCH-STREST.

AFINK STOCK of Wool Blinkets. Quilts. Sheets. Payments taken Shawls must be sold very cheap.

A LARGE STOCK of Kitchen 11 Hearth Rugs from 3s lid; Kitchen Chairs from 23 lid; Kitchen Fenders from 6s 6d; Kitchen Fire Payments taken Irons from 2s lid ; Kitchen Tables from 63 lid : Kitclen iofas from 22s 6d at 69, CHURCH-STREET. OARLOUR SUITE, comprising Payments taken 1 Lady's and Gent's Easy Chairs, four Small Chairs and Couch in Red 26 10 S. Plush. Well made and very cheap.

A LARGE STOCK cf OVI3R- /A. MANTLES 17s 6d, 22s 6d, Payments taken :34s 6d. 37s 6d to £3. CARPETS from 22s 6d.

HANDSOME PAIR of BED- ROOM TABLES in olid Ash, Payments taken large Bevelled Plate Glass Back, Marble Slab and four large Drawers. g 6 10 6 Really cheap at JACKSON'S. S. D

A LARGE STOCK of very fine .11._ PICTURES; real Oil Painting, Payments takon 3s 11d. Sold elsewhere at 5s 11d, I'IN-13 STOCK of BRONZE I! FIGURES. Clocks, Vases, Payments taken Lustres undei Shades very chesp at CHURCH-STREET.

P HMOS, Scarce; sample free.--tamped address to J.Vir.S , E 3, North-street, Wednesbury. BSSINETTB FOR SALII, equal to new.—Apply 1, ALPINE-9 BEET Barlestown.

D UPTUUB —lnformation by cured sufferer ; pleasant ; inexpensive; Id. stanap.----MEcasmc, 43, Lord-street, Wolverhampton.

NETTING.- Large q iantity east oft Herring Netting. excellent for covering seed beds, dn.. 7-s cwt.—KNIGHT, Arcade, Lowestoft.

A LOVHLY SET of Baby's LONGCLOTIIIiS, beautifully la embroidered ; unused ;50 articles 25s ; approval.—Mrs. MAX. The Chase, Nottingham.

FBRN PLANTS, 28 exquisite 7.7 hardy, evergreen sxieties and lovely variegated ivies le 3d post Cree.—ktiss JEN- NINGS, Westwood, Roescarbery, Cork.

66 ETORNO " the successful Corn Cure, genuine remedy 11 guarantee with every box ; post free 7d.—KEEN Co., 41, Holland-street, Brixton, London.

TIATILIAS, 500 Varieties, best, true, cheap. Catalogues free. Purchasers naming this paper receive Extras.-- DEVON CaaYSNITHEMUNE NURSERY, TeigELMOUth.

PLENDID SUITINGS in Serges, Vicunas, Tweeds from 108, also Dress Goods and Costumes ; any length cut, patterns free.—J T/lORNT3N, Honley, Huddersfield.

BDRAT-ALL POLIBii REVIVIIR makes furniture and leather pods like new ; sample 7 stamps ; good Agents Wanted. BOUGHTOI6.3. Limited. Thetford.

riLBBAQH PLANTS (ten acre%) Order./ 11,R4 paid varieties ; N..) price and sample 2 stamps; 290 gardgi4 B,nd 10 red cabbage, post free 15.—JoHN MOORE, Charlecoid, Warg*-*' LADIES Silver warranted WATCH 351, with free Insui- ance Policy £5OO ; delivered first payment ss, balance weekly. - FRED KNIGHT and Co, LTD, 13. Albion-et, Leeds.

'TO obtain Lady's or Gent's Silver Keyless WATCH for 6d. I Write for coupon giving p.rticulars, enclosing 6 stamps to Cc CPER4TIVE COLTON :,^.I.7PPLY CO., 42, Gray's Inn-road, London, W.O.

LADIns EARN 155. to 30a weekly at hems by new Auto- matic Compound KNITTER. Pair of Socks in 35 minutes. Ca-h, hire and work terms.—COßlE DEPARTMENT, 67, bouthwark-street, London. BLOOD, Bone and Meat MANURE, guaranteed 13 per cemt soh Phos, 6 per cent, insol. Phls 1 per cent ammonia, 2s per cwt; free rails Dumfries; cash with order.—KENioN Moss Park, Dunfries,

- (.END STAMP for our Illustrated Price List Rtymin kD SURGICAL APPLIA.NCIIi. best and cheapest in the trade ; goods not approved of will be )tehatig"ed.-24. FAR- LEIGH (Box 61), 160, linkney-roaa, London, N.B.

A/ OEn MONnit BM:VB.—The most Wonderfql remedy for Chapptd an 1 rough dr"-i•ed hands, making them soft and white ' • try it, you win be more than delighted, pest free 18.—BEAu hiosnx Co., 111, High-street, Haroorne.

ECIPES.—Save tnoney by sending for Fray's book of At Golden, hecipes ; invaluable in every household ; con- stalninz over 400 useful redoes Post free 7d., cloth Is. IL-1. --=Fftlilr, 47, burbani•street, Hull.

ITTO AND NEURALGIA CURED instantly, 135- TIFECO 1 PILLS. Fifty ) ears success ; hundreds of teetimonials. Sample box sent free to immediate applicants .enclosing stamp for iy,p,tage.—TlFrco Co., Sleaford, Lincs.

46-fIOW TO ENSURE HEALTH." —A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instruetions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free twa s Amps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale square, Barnsbury. London. N.

rIifiUSSHS direct fiom the -naker ; iuvible and everlast- I lug. India rubber, enamelled, single 7s 6d, double 12s 6d, Good serviceable single Truss from 2s 6d. Send old Truss or measurement.—T. S. BECKETT, Truss Maker, 67, Victoria Dock-road, E.

QUPERFLUOUS HAIR- —Perfected Electrolysis (by Mr. /.7 Parkes' inventions) supersedes all other systems in rapidity, painlessness, and per oianent destruction without markings. By appoin, ment only. Stamped envelope to MT, ROBERT, J. PARKES, 2, Church-street, Southport.

A BARGAIN.—Army Bell TENT, imitable for lawn, 13._ garden, or seaside, with po,e pegs. mallet and lines, complete in bag re ,dy for use 3011 circumference, ICft high, ten p.rsons can di a• inside ; waterproof canvas ; cost £5, will accept 328 6d ; sem on approval.— BINET Biwa., 33 Esplanade, Jersey. QRASIDE.--Send at once for list of Premier Patent Week- A 3 End Folding Boxes, to hold all your luggage. Prices from is. each, complete with leather strap, A marvel of chlapness. Agents wanted in every town.—PREMIER BOX Co, LTD., Halmos. Manchester.

910 BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _IL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,120 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suit Able for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address 3. FIoSICING. 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

PATNNTS 322,375 and 326,801, Trade Mark 220,013. Some- thing unique, notepaper, safety packet and wrapper combined ; also original music, illustrated post cards, views, letter =de, many coloured occult chart,evolution pamphlet, gummed labels and scrap views. The ab ive 63. stamps, post free from—N. M. IC. S., 63, PARK ROAD, Blackpool, Lancs.

U NDERGROUND SPLIINGS of water discovered and traced at home and abroad ; scores of suceesses where all ordinary means had previously failed. Unsatisfactory existing supplies tested and advised on. Do not sink or bore, at random. Highest testimonials from LEICESTER GATAKER‘ expert Water Discoverer and Waterworks Centract,w, Bath.

NEW MOANDESCENT GAS LIGHT, WITHOUT MANTLES. Billing's Non-Mantle Burner. 51 6d com- plete, postage 61. Last for years. Pure white, constant brilliant light, no trouble, no renewals. Great saving in gas. Fixed easily to any fittings. Illustrated Catalogue post free. Agents wanted. Show Rooms, 180, Wardour-street, London W. BILLING'S Burner Syndicate (Limited.)

TOOT CURB. FOOT CVRB. FOOT CURE.—Dr. Hugo's 12 Celebrated Foot Cure. An absolute remedy for tender malodorous and sweating feet. Persons troubled with tender feet should give it a trial ; never found to fail Sold in boxes Is 3d and 2s 3d; post ,free from Dr.Htruo's CERTOCURE Co., 54, Bow Lane, London, B.C.

D HAD THIS ! Cheapest Dresses in the world. Six yards 11 double width ; black brilliant Sicillian Alpaca, or six yards double width. black' or navy, all wool, Costume Serge ; or six yards any colour all wool bright Satin Cloth,fcr 105.61.; post free. We send as a Free Gift Buttons, Skirt and Bodice Linings with each dress. Highest references. Money returned if unapproved. This offer is less than maker's cost. —BRAworm DREss3 ComPANY. Congleton.

iarlinte 'rat. WEAK BOWELS.—SPLENTDID REMEDY ; no Medicine; suits all ages; 23.—Binsuss,9 Z ichariah-street. Salford. FRENCH and AMERICA q RUBBER Co.—Post free, a 2g page illustrated price list, also valuable information.— Address ATKtNsom. 55, Hill street, :14Lidlesbor nigh.

INDIGESTI ON quickly relieved ; Recipe Is post free; costs only a few coppers, reliable, saves pounds in bills. —Joss WOOD, 10, RAvensknowle-road, Moldgreen, Rudders. field.

rj 10 Lady Cyclists —12.000 pair " Specialite " Corduroy I_ Serge and Tweed Cycling KNICKERS, all colours 2s 11 post free —GLADSTONE, Costume Manufacturer,Shrews- bury.

How t.c. get a Genuine Tailor-Made COSTUME for 6d. Send six penny stamps for coupon and particulars to WHITLOCX3 MANTLE WAREHOUSE, 59, Cansoerwell-rd.., London.

46 LIEJTHASE ' L excellent liniment for hot, dry or sweaty _l2 feet, corns, hunioits, chilbliins ; poet free 9 penny stamps —GRF;AraitEx AND Co., 6t. Marie's Place, Mitchell. street, Sheffield.

LASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGe:S.—Why pay El three or four profits Only makers in Lanc4shire. Cheapest makers in the trade. --ZNELTH. & Sorts, 37, 13reek- road, Liverp,ol.

Anglo-Ameriean Surgical Ltubber Company will for- ward on receipt of two stamps a PlitCß LIST of RUBBRit APPLIANCHS.- SuacticAL RUBBER Co., 117, Newport-street, Bolton. ryBRIEN'S B Celebrated BILLIARD TALES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest iables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered. -J. O'BuEN. GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

DlLES.—Prompt relief and safe, certain, painless, spee-Cy and lastinz mire guaranteed ; worst cases successfully treated ; full particula.rs for stamped addressed Envelope.— Mr. A. SETTERINGrON, 59, fligh-atreet, Bridlington.

SHETLAND PONIES. Above FOR SALE, at mocier- tl tl ate prices Heights frocn 34 to 44 inches. Some beauties, very suitable for children and small traps. Din deliver ex steamer Liverpool or London.—A. and M. SMITH, Fisheurers, Aberdeen.

TO DEALERS Ac.—Why buy in the old-fashioned way? Buy direct. Aprons, Pinafores, LAce, Hosiery, 20s. assorted Iots.—DEAVILLE A CO., Manufacturers, 29, Hounds- gate, Nottingham. Established 1857, SEND for Price List of the newest designs of Surgical Ap- pliinces. Reliable. cheap, Durable. 3 samples Is, Ed. Returnable.— METROPOLITAN SURG:CAL RUBBER CO., 39, Howarth-street, Longsight, Manchester.

AHBALTHY complexion regained. The blood purified and enriched by EL, Xlit ketCHRATI_ Invaluable for ADTRIbt, the best general tonic ; 2s. 9d. post free.—Me, Pharmaceutical Chemist, 73. Bethnal-road, Stoke, Newing- ton, London, N.

ICH CREAM made in 30 sec ,mis or 4 glasses a minute by the imples Ice ()rem Frelzet ; suitable for ev.ning parties, balls, picnics, ..tc. No Household should be without it ; simple and effective ; a child coald work it ; post free 2s 6d.—G. NEwELL 9, Poplar-road, Sparkbrook, Birmingham.

TIDROTSO t YOUR 6ARDENS from ray.ges by birds; Tanned NETTING} 35 square yards for is ; will kot rot if left out in all wea• her ; sent any width, carriage paid on all orders over 5s ; as supplied to the Royal (1- rdens Commoner !vetting at 50 square yards, is.—From H. J. GABSON, Netting Works, Rye. Sussex.

TBNIMItt FHBT.— the only genuine cure for Blisters on JL feet, sorene,s between toes, perspiriug feet, tired feet, and distress after walking or standing All persons suffering from the above complsints, of either sex, young or old should cend for our remarkrible and ertsy cure. bend P.O. for Is 6d or 20 stamps to AItNuLD HARRISON & CO., 2, a ewbold-street, Stepney. London, B.

BU3C direct and save 25 per cent. Ste-I spades is 8d each ; 4 p..ong steel garden forks, is 61; roofing felt, 3s 63, 25 yards roll ; hand saws 261 n., 2s 3,1 ; saw files gin. 2s 6d dozen ; cut nails, 8s 6d cwt ; 61n Tower bolts, is 9el doz-n ; Cerrugat-d Irou is sheet; Rim Locks, us 6d dozen com- plete ; 7P ,page illustrated catalogue 2 stamps.—GITTINS, klechelte,,43ir.mingham.

STOCKTAKINr+ SM.-12 really good VlOLlNS,eplendid imitations of old Cremona m isters ; superior oil varnish; excellent tone ;at half their origin4l price, including good bow 17s 6d eapti.—W. ,Ilowtr.ETT AND 6isas, Norwich.

PIANOS, at less than hAlf price, direct from the Works of the eminent firm of E. BISLIOP AND SONS, (LTD.) A PIANO for £l5 lOs usually sold at £3l ; 76 guinea up- right iron grand £36 cash ; also other classes at equally low prices. 20 years' gutrantee with every instrument. —Write for lists and drawings to BIBHOP & SUNS (Ltd), Bel- moot-street, Chalk Farm, London, N.W. Bran2h Show Reows, 287, Gray's Inn road, King'a-crosa ; Wost-end Show Rooms, 39, Baker-street, W.

DIANO and ORGAN AGENCY.—To Foremen, Time 1 keepers and others, or those wanting a Plano or Organ. Wanted an Agent in every town and village to introduee Pianos, Organs and Musical Boxes on the New Purchase system, in which there is no agreement to sign, a Ire discount being given and the payment a fixed one of 6,d per weal; (olaty 41 per slay). wt ether you select an organ er or Fiquo at Xl5, or one at £5O. Good ttrms to at Agents and spien4ici bontli. XOl Baci introduce easily if you have one to show, so we suggesi AgBtlts bAve either a Piano or Organ (which will always be earning you money),— Apply SECRETARY. 246, Harrorw-road Lo don. W.

THE FIRST AND FOREMOST FURNISHERS. PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station through Railway Arch.) ESTABLISHED FIFTY-FOUR YEARS. 11DITTS'S ARE PLEASED TO STATE that despite 1 the prevalence of influenza and inclement weather 144 month, PITTS'S TURNOVER has exceeded by £5OO that of any previous March. This great increase is due to the recommendations of PITTS'S innumerable cus- tomers. who, delighted with their purchases, have spread PITTS'S fame as general furnishers far and wide, with the above-mentioned result, which is extremely gratifying. PITTS'S IMMENSE CLIENTELE is not 'drawn from any particular class of the Community. It em- braces all members of the social scale, from aristocrat to artisan, peer to peasant. For instance.PlTT•VS have recently had the honour of supplying furniture for a WELL-KNOWN DUKE, as well as to a Ship Canal Docker, in each case giving UTM.OST SATISFACTION, so meriting further orders. PITTS'S HAVE BOOKED ORDERS for all amounts. £448, £345, £3lO, £289, £lBO, down to a few coppers. THESE ARE FACTS which PITTs'S books prove up to the hilt, and not the outpouringa of a too perfervid imagination, as many furnishing advertisements unfortu- nately are. PITTS'S ARE IN A POSITION to give exception- ally low quotations for furnishing throughout the largest or smallest size of House, Office, Club Hotel, institu- tion, Ac., AND GUARANTEE THE WORK being promptly executed in a thoroughly workmanlike manner, and the articles tasteful and of undoubted durability. PITTS'S CAN EQUIP OUT OF STOCK a Drawing- room, say, with the most recherchè goods at a cost, say, £2OO ; or furnish throughout your house for a tenth part of the money. The magnitude and variety of PITTS'S colossal stock is simply INFINITE. Every conceivable design, style, and make in all the most fashionable woods and materials to select from at about HALF City prices. PITTS'S DO NOT ASK YOU TO BELIEVE this advertisement and then think no more about it. PITTS'S would rather you doubted it, and in a criticising spirit paid a visit of inspection, thus givi • g PITTS'S an opportunity of demonstrating the ABSOLUTE VERACITY ofc,neir statements. Whether buying or not you are wel- come, and, if it does nothing else, it will at least open your j eyes to the latest productions in the Furnishiug World. j RENOWNE HOUSES OF FURNITURE 1 at 15f. 22f, 23i, 34, 53, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, excite wonder and admiration in all who see them. THEY STAND UNRIVALLED. They a 1.,. a source of pride and delight to PITTS'S countless customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astounded at the quan- tity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing a Happy English Home comfortably, artistically and economi- cally furnished, should send to PITTS'S for full particulars. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrange- ment. ITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING _L GUIDE is a VERITABLE GODSEND to all setting up housekeeping, especially those of limited means, as it shows at a glance. how to save from 25 per cent to 50 per cent. Seat post free. PITTS'S CYCLES.—Splendid Selections of NEW MACHINES by best makers ; guaranteed twelve months at considerately under city prices ; also SECOND H aND Cycles in good condition at about half cost ; Dunlop, Clincher, Ac, tyres. TIPITTS'S CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS.- 1 Ali British make. Latgest, best, and cheapest stock. Astounding value. Grandest display ever seen. PITTS'S PIANOS, MAIL CARTS, BASSTNETTEs Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent Selections of unrivalled Bargains. PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. Every description of Bookcases, Secret tires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices. SANII.TEL PITTS. Established 1845. 1 LONDON-ROAD (just oast Station), Manchester, I Ardwick, Longsight, and Bell Vue Cars pass the Door.

A VALUABLE BOOK, sent to any lady sending Is hi. _Pt. P.O.— AliniarE Annorr 1, Goidarnittia Buildings, Shoreditch, London.

MARRIED LADIES.—Dr. Balfour's Every Wife and Mothers' Book, containing information of, the utmost importance to the sex; dm't fail to send ; all should read it; post free 2 stamps.—CENTRAL DISPENSARY. 174, Kingeland- road, London, N.

RpartinentO, Sr eurnisbezi 3pouses HARROGATE.—APARTMENTS, public and private, good- cooking, south aspect, quiet, central.-40, Cheltenham Mount.

A BERYSTWYTH.—FUTZNISHED HOUSE to LET for _PI two or three months.—PAuLL, 21, Queen's Terrace, Aherystwyth.

RHYL.—Comfortible APARTMENTS. quiet street, centre town, bath (h and c.), terms moderate.—adairess 26. PRINCES-STREE'T.

T. ANNBS-ON-SBA.—APAHTMENTS To Let.—Mrs. SELLERS, Garden House, Bt. Annes-road Bast. Bath and Piano.

QT. ANNBS-ON-SBA. APART 4BNTS. —MRS. DENTON. 6, Neleon-street, Bath and w. e. Terms Moderate. Public or Private.

LIHYL for Wbitsuntide.—APAßTMSNTS to Let; corn- fortable sitting ;Ann bedrooms.—For terms apply Mr., ROBERTS, 3, Elwy-street.

MORECAMBE.—Misses SELLERS, 35, Sea View Parade, West End, public and privata APARTMENTS; bath, piano, cycle accommodation.

PPLACKPOOL. —Comfortable LODGINGS.—Mrs. C. Ferry, II 39, KESWICK-ROM). off Central Drive. Piano. Five minutes' walk truM station.

BLACKYOOL, Mrs. OwEN. Bewsey House, 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea, (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington). DLACKPOL. -Mrs H WORTINGTON, 107, Lytham- ].) O road, Public and Private Apartments, with or without Board, near sea, Piano.

KIND HOllll,l offered LADY during conflnerrent good nurse, home co r forts; terms low ; private.—Nuaan, 324, Nottingham-road, Ilkeston, Derbyshire. BLACK POOL.—Mrs. R. ROGERS'. Primrose House, 16 Polam-road. north ' bore Public and Private Apatt- ments, with or without board ; piano; near station and sea.

A PARTMENTS. two miles from Mold, three from .11 Caergwrle. On binks of Alm River. Hill. dale, and woodland district.—Apply Mrs. RODEN. Old Leeswood, Hall Cottage, Mold.

IVO BE LET, Furnished, for to or three months, from 1 June Ist, a Good Family RESID6NCE, containing lour sitting-rooms, seven bedrooms, with all modern con- veniences ; of.posite Mtnai Straits ; five minutes from rail way 8 tatioi and church.—Apply to Mrs. LLOYD GRIFIrITH "The Cliffe," Carnarvon, N Wales, House stands in own, grounds.

FISH and Chip Business for Sale; doing nice-t—r;:d—e—.— Apply Jos. MITCHELL, 52, Carr-street, off Piccadilly road, Burnley.

CONFECTIONERY, Sweets, Minerals, Ice Cream, Rapid Freezer ; ill health cause.—Apply 372, ROCHDALE - ROAD, Manchester.

TT3IBEtELLA BUSINESS TO BE SOLD, doing a GOOD t.J trade ; satisfactory reasous for leaving.-193, BURY NEW-ROAD, Bia4ClieSter.

HARDWARIL Lamps and Oils and Sundries: established 18 years ; growing neighbourhood.-370, Ecci.F.s NEW- road, Weasts. Blanchester.

G 00D Grocery and Provision BUSINESS for disposal. Corner hop r eas on for leving ill health.—Apply K. W. " hIAMINER " UFricE. Warrington.

eaumuon. 1)0ARDIN1 SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLASDUDNO.— .1J Good education. Fees from 60. Principal, Mies MOXON, Frou. Uhurch Walks.

WEST KIRBY.—GIRTON HOUSE. Miss HOCKLY and MISS BUTLER most successful school for Girls ; house beautifully situated on Parade. miTveidtlibOaeßhEoNf tChEe Leipzig pOziFgTdolPe rtivp.it 10 r ioufm )Pr oreefeefilisvOel's and visits pupils for PIANOP (MLR LESSONS. Recom- mended by H. STENDNER-WELSING. Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY and others.—Address, 16, MITSEUM-ST., Warrington. -- MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAG. VIOL, (Organist and Cboirioaster of Wycliffe Church), REOEIVEs PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 202, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. GREAT SALF. OF FURNITURE (BY PRIVATE TREATY), FOR THREE WEEKS ONLY, CONCLUDING SATURDAY, JUNE 3ED. £lO5OOO WORIH OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE AND APPOINTMENTS (Chiefly Secondhand), Being t*Ld accumulated residues of variOUS Consignments fro'M private clients, and including 30 upright grand and cottage pianos, by leading English and Continental makers ; over 60 drawing and dining room suites ' • twelve drawing- room cabinets, about 50 sideboards (41t. to 7ft.) a grand selec- tion of bedroom suites, ranging in value from £7 to £75 ; 70 or 80 bedsteads. wire spring mattresses to fit, hair and wool mattreteres, feather beds,over 100 overmantels and plerglasses, pictnres of all descriptions.decorative objects in great variety a large assortment of glassware, china, cutlery, plate. table linen. /lc., lace curtains, fireside suites, carpets and rugs, linoleum and oilcloth ;in fact every conceivable furnishing requisite; also several office desks and fireproof safes, anal AS ALL MUST POSITIVELY BE CLEARED, THERE WILL BE lIUNDREDS OF SPECIAL BARGAINS: -- GOODS, IF REQUIRED, WAREHOUSED SIX MONTHS FREE OF CHARGE. Free delivery within 20 miles ; over that distance goods safely packed and sent at the railway company's risk. Payment-10 per cent, to be paid at the time of purchase, and balance before or on delivery. OUR PRICES AND QU .LITY OF GOODS APPEAL TO PEOPLE OF CO AM° NSENSE. Half-a-crown-a-week people please do not waste your own and our time, but go to the easy payment (?) or pay-as-you- please (?) establishments. TRUTH IS ETERNAL, IT LASTS. You may crush it to the earth, but it will rise again. We want you to know all ab3ut the Bargains we are offering and selling, and the value we give you for the money. THIS SPECIAL SALE WILL ONLY CONTINUE UNTIL JUNE 3. WILL YOU CALL AND SEE IF ANYTHING SUITS YOU? HARTLEY'S, 2025 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 2.002.

THE MARVELLCCS POLYPHON MUSICAL BOXES PLAY BY THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much su- .-------'P-----, VJNRIs tecnaen• bile U 1',7 D I l.d D S yOn ko' \l4-.T.', b., can choose your owpty tunes. VC-Thw, GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE ' TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. tb £25. 1.4........ i...,„,.„„. • lisw ,I, i ARCHER & SONS, , a i ~0- it lir , •,i ---.:-.4.-t9,---ii 43 TO 47 LORD-S REET, --,,,--... LIVERAOL.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. ARRINGTON. Telephone No. Z.'s. Cash advineed on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, warehoused.

COLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Bstab- lishment, near sea and woods. Terms very moderate. —Mrs. BRACKSTONE, Plas-y-Ooed.

T LANDUDNO.—Whitsuntide Holidays. Near to static; _LJ and promenade ; with liboral catering —For tariff, HUGHES, Lyndhurst, Trinity Square.

LLAND UDNO.—Mansell's Boarding Establishment splen: didly situated in beet part of Abbe, Road ; superior accommonation ; every comfort ; mo4erate terms.

LONDON . WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SQUABS - HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated, replete with every comfort; tine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES! 0 VER 1,000 MACHINES, THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCLUDING : Royal Enfield, Rudge-Whitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beeston and Coventry Humbers, Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley &c., &c, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Easy terms of payment, from 103 per month. Secondband Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, whih gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WIL LIA NI LEA, " LIVE,c " LYCLE DEPOT. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. Cyclists who are intending to purchase a new Machine should bear in mind that we are the cheap- est people in the Liverpool trade. Our B.S.A. Frames are manufactured for us by the B.S.A. Co., Ltd., and not stuck together by inexperienced shop lads. At £lO 10s. the-e are the cheap,st and finest machines on the market. We are the Sole Agents for the "AUSTIN" CYCLES. Vlie are prepared to undertake any kind of RE- PAIRS, and guarantee the quality of our work. MANAGER, D. DALGLEISH. Frames, Fittings. Pneumatic Tyres,Accessories,RubJer Goods, FOR WHITSUNTIDE we have made Special Arrange- ments and can deliver our Machines from Stock without any delay.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899,8 S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, .as required. FOR 10 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTc PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, to,, complete, TEN POUNDS 7 12 El 6D . Onr No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed tor twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Gradual Payments Accepted. SQTUART, WILLIAMS' AND CO., 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. HSTAB. 1892. Plating, Enamelling, and GLneral Repairs receive our best attention.

TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop Talves, 4s. id. each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen. charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

ROYAL OAK CYCLES. THE BEST VALUE :IN LIVERPOOL. Light, Rigid, Speedy, Perfect Finish. Over 25 Years' Practical Experience, Inspection Invited. CENTRAL CYCLE STORES, 160, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

lot, AD ACJOLUS" CYCLES. BEFORE PURCHASING YOUR 1899 MOUNT, INSPECT OUR SPECIAL ROAD RACER .£l2 10s. Od., DUNLOP TYRES. MANUFACTURERS: WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 65, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7056. Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearing as applied to Cycles throughout the world.

• WHY BUY UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR £lO 10S. AND SAVE THE COST OF AN ACCIDENT POLICY. EITCHINGS, LisurED, SOLE AGENTS. 74, BOLD-STREEr, LIVERPOOL. R. MAC LENNAN, Manager.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM ,t 5 10s. TO £lO 103., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES correspondingly low. Veeders 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc., etc. Mail Orders particularly attended to. Send for Catalogue. ARENA k)YCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CYCLE AGENTS. Our illustrated Trade Catalogue gives yau full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Whe3lSl Fittings Cups, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. Note—" Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come to the Fountain Head. WELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-STREET. 7,009 City Depot, 17, MANCHESTEE-STREBT. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL

Tpl ICYCLR, MGR GRADH. value £l6 for nothing; 6s Al Cecil Cycle Coupons; will give them free to genuine Investors.—BllAßP, Wendover. Tring.

GE"'B HIGH GRADE; B.S.A. fittings; £9; Lady's curved frame £8 51; and Gent's Venus £6 101; all war- ranted.—HlND, 269. Great Cheetham-street, Bast, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

CYCLBS.--fioe cash and 5s weekly, Gent's £6, Lady's £6 10s total, best detachable tyres ; send references with deposit. Outer covers (patented) 1256c1, inner tubes 3s 61; —ACME Co, Corporation-street, Wolverhampton.

OFleg. BAYLISS TIIONI AS, AND CO„ LIMITED 10, T. GEORGL's CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND MACHINES from £2 upwards. A few Shop soiled ROAD RACERS to clear, at £8 10s. net cash.

A BICYCLE FOR 2. GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-Op RA FIVE COUPON SYSTEM. Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, also stamped directed envelope for full particulars and rules of our new system Whereby you can obt in a High G.ade Lady or Gent's Bicycle for the ridiculous s.im of 2s No catchpenny but a genuine business transaction. THE SYREN a 101, SMITH DOWN-hOAD, LIVaRPOOL.

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OF THE MERS AND AGENTS FOR THE Fem nisRUDGE WHITWORTH . TRIUMPH. LEA FIANCI, ToWNEND. AND COVENTRY CRO-S CYCLES. WE HAVE IN STOCK A QUANTITY OF SHOP SOILED AND SECOND HAN D BICYCLES WHICH WILL BE SOLD AT REDUCED PRICES SOLE MAKERii OF THE ELEGANT CYCLE STAND " ALLEN'S PATENT."

1 THE SENSATION OF 00 00 . FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPULAR " BEE" £3 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., IA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and Press Opinions Post Free.

ANNOYING TO kJYCLISTS. After paying ten guineas for a Cycl,, to find the sam isigH grade Machine could be obtained for £9 ss, viz :—Built to order with NEW KYNOLJH or B. S. A. (new genuine) fittings, with the lightning detachable " Reliance "tyres, on beaded edge rims. Highly finished, beautifully enamelled and plated. Dunlop or Palmer tyre charged only moderately more. Special terms to the Trade tor Frames and Wheels. WHITE STAR CYCLE FRAME AND WHEEL CO,eIPANY, 101, TITHEBARN-NTREET, LIVERPOOL. -

- -- IT IS WORTH SOMETHING TO K OW WHAT lOC ARK GOING TO GET YOU TAKE NO RISK WHEN YOU PURCHASE AN E N FIE LD , HUMBER, OUNBEAM, OR ELSWICK. PEICEs FROM £lO. 111 T CII INGS. 74, I 3( LC-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. MAO LENNAN, MANAGER.

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER" OFFICE. 335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. Szc LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR TkiE WISSLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

COOPER AND CO'S CELEBRATED SAUSAGES, SAUSAGES, SAUSAGES, SAUSAGES, UNEQUALLED FOR DELICIOUS FLAVOUR AND EXCELLENCE OF QUALITY. Guaranteed to be made only from the finest materiale, and prepared in the most. cleanly and careful manner. FRESH SUPPLIES DAILY. OXFORD CAMBRIDGE 2D. WINDSOR TOMATO BD. „ SLICING LOCAL BRANCH, 4 BUTTERS( &BEET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. scarps plus Contain the finost drugs that can be procured I DR SCOTT'S PILLS Cure 9 Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT- pILLS Ind estion nd Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT s pILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. scorrs ILLS The Best Family Aperient filedicisie and Blood Purified DR. QCOTT'S pus 1.3 Ca be tak•en at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be p-rsuaded by anyone to buy lily other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigkt thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. -- pIANOg By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. IMANOS ?rices and Terms to suit all pcckets. ORGA.NS Instruments delivered FREE to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. MANOS No Bondsmen or Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from rs. 6d. per month. ORGANS from ss, per month. PIANOS Illustrated Calalogue Poet Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ERI-11:211 : 355, PARLIAMENTARY-ROAD, GLA.S4CW.

Etc " Oramtntr " gperits Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAFERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mi -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newtcn Examiner, published every Friday Afternoon. THE St. Selene Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day-1_ morning, and H T"E Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 63. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Cs. Sd. is. lCd. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. 3s. id. ... ss. OA. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. bib advertise sent inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

S V Per Cent. OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPID LIVER OR WEAK KIDNEYS. WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the 141 "V tielieves and Removes the Inflammation from the I I) S by expelling the poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACID. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Reputation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by alt Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

c,„I:IIItATAt .nq

These tiny Capsules 1----e7c777, Kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs cr Injections,l and cure in forty-eight hours] the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsnle bears the name' FlAddy.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 36, from WSLCOX CO.. 83,21ortimer St.,London.W.

STAR 6,446\ _ c-,FT - 1 CYCLE ep\,./ WOLVERHAMPTON. LOW CASH PRICE, from £9 10s. HIRE PURCHASE, 12 monthly at 11 is. SEND FOR LIST AND FORMS • Or apply to NEAREST AGENT

£3O FOR SCHOOL PRIZES. ENGLISTI COMPOSITION. X 5 AND 11.3 For what we consider the two best letters of net more than tZentY lines each on' Spring Cleaniug," introducing the- of some of the ar ides mentoned below, written by 4rLY pupil uncle: 18 Years of age, attending any elementary Public school or continuet ion School. 11,3 AND X 2 7filor the two beet letters, on the foregoing conditions, but tent in bye pupil net higher than the fourth Standard in '4:l3' Elementary Public School. IThe Competition in atch case to he signed by a teacher' /IP, "if age of competitor, standard, and name of school thus— ,,,;;'.ll Bills, Teacher. Competitor's age 11. Standard V.. alkley Board sch .01, Sheffield. Competitions to be marked " ENGLISH "on the outside of the envelope, and addressed to JESSE BOOT, Island-st., Eottingham, • FRENCH AND GERMAN. „In order to en our sse the very desirable acquirement of 'flrench and German among the rising generation, BOOT'S, Chemists:offer Prizes to the amountof £l5 to English labelers only on the following conditions r— leds 23 AND. , Will be given for what we consider the three best letters, not IVA more than twenty lines in length, in French or German 'lll German to be writ en in English characters. Subject— ▪ Piing Cleaning" - introducing the names of some of the mentioned below. To be competed for by pupils ~..er 18 year, of .ge att-nding any elementary public school "rin--blic continuation school. tThe CompeTition to be signed by a teach' ras evidence at the sender is one of those for whom this Competition is :Mende& The teacher need only sign his or her n..rne, giv- Lug name of school and age of competitor, thus :—Ada John- rt. Teacher .• competitor's age 16; Huntingdon-street. sard School, Nottingham. WILL BE GIVEN FOR WHAT WE CON- g-1 SIDER the best LETTER, of not mere than twenty nes,on •• SP.RING CLEANING." in French or German, *ent in by pupils attending any private School, under the 4"1 conditions as to 'go Sm. as above. teacher in this case also to sign the Competition, giving age of competitor and name of Scho) In the French and Gel man Competition teacher's certifl- late will be taken as an as >waned that it is an English boy or girl who is competing, as it would not t,e fair to accept t°,,mnetitions from French or German scholars. yarnpetitions to be marked peanco-Gesrman " on the etatside of envelope, and addressed to JESSE BOOT, Island street, Nottingham. Teachei a may send in the Competitions done by their scholars, and to the Teacher sending in the 'host Competitions 24 will be awarded. A List of the Compeltors should be forwarded by the :-.reacher, addres, ed to '• TEACHER,' care of JESSE BOOT, Island-street, Nottingham. ...Competitions must e sent, post paid, on or before 30TR *AY, 1899, and accompanied by a receipt for something used Or [hiring Cleaning bought at any of th, branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get, a receipt for everything you bOY at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. in making th ewards not only the literary merit of the "ainetitions sent in will be considered, but even more the tleatness of the writing and the cleverness in which toe tialtnes of the articles advertised on this bill are introduced. Two or more letters will be ac-,epted from one sender, but '4Oll letter must be accompanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be lisePted as Anal. WRITE PLAINLY AND GIVE YOUR ADDRESS. ADDRESS YOUR LETTER AS ABOVE DIRECTED TO— ;A 174 4: up r_ANGLISH "or r RANCO-G ERMAN " do JESSE BOOT, ISLAND-STREET; NOT riNu HAM. i OPRING ULEANING, It°used to smother your rooms with stuffy carpets 1 No need of French polishers! 11"erYthing may be done decently and in order by the lady of the house! USE BOOTS VAtiNISII STAINS Ith,!cit give a brilliant polish in Oak, Weinut, Mahogany, vco- Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6d. size for 4j1., is. size for Bd., and 2s. 61. size for Is. sd, per bottle. MORGAN'.3 GOLD AND StLVER PAINT t • 4.?sed by Cabinet Makers, Gliders, and Decorators. Has the original brightness of Uold; easy of application, and Unrivalled in appearance. • Boots re.doce-qi pace, is. bottle for Md. UNRIVALLED META,, POLISH BOOTS BRASS els 1E OR 61ETAL POLISH will clean every 04 of metal, brass, steel, or iron, and is invaluable in -glistshold use. Trial ze, usual 21. for id, ls. Tin. for 4d. MAURiCE'i PORCELEINE make any eyesore of the lumber-room the ride o the house. 48 Beautiful Tins in stock. Oan be applied by a Child. BRIGHTER THAN BEA EEL. 16.3 d., Vino lO' id. 6d. Tins 40. WILLS' CLEAN,qNG CLOUDY AMMONIA is. bottle tor 10d. Small trial size 6d. -40USEDIAID3' GLOVES, WASH LEATHER-, FURNI- TURE CithAM., SOFT SOAP. VARN,SH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK, Ac, Ac., of the best crality are sold at the lowest prices. Local Branches of B WT3 Cash Chemists : .".santutoroli : 35. BRIDGE STREET. 5, BRIDGE- taREET AND MARKET GATE. FiTourpouT :-26. BIM:GE-STREET BROW. ALTRINCRIM :-37, RAILWAY-STREET: Uncut's :--58. CHURCH-STREET. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREBT. `,RESTER ZS. RA isTGATE-11,0V7 and 30. BA.STGATE THEET. - - Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE eIANUF AOTURER. Sacking, Canasta, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ac., Ac. THNTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. •,,PORTS, PICNICS, Ac.. fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, • WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SEAUGHT ERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) 1110, 5 HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out goreee, cows, ars. rea.ovei any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION 41WaYs on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farn-.ers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. /94EAP IRON, METAL. and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAi, D, LONGFORD.

To LADIES. A LITTLE BOOK just published by Dr. ALLEN, entitled " HEALTH, W BALT if, AND HAPPINESS," how obtained and pre: erved, is of PRICELESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED AND SINGLE WOMAN, as it dents with matters that cannot possibly be too widely known. It explains fully how ALL AILMENTS, such as ELNZEIIIA. AMENORRIKE la. IRREGU- LARITIES, &a., Ito.. CAN BE PREVENTED AND CURED ; and if the advice therein Cott- taleed is followed, years of happiness may be obtained by every Woman in Voce of the far too eommon terrible wretchedness and misery re- sulting more from want of knowledge than want of thought. , A Copy of this Book will be presented GRATIS AND POST FREE during the next few weeks to every Lady on receipt of an addressed envelope to THE MANAGEREss, DEPARTMENT 8., 145, STOCRWELL-ROAD, LONDON, S.W.

POSTAL IN FORMATION I'UST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHNS. 4howing the time to which a Letter can bs post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Dltton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Hefsby, Daresbury.and Moore 6-30 a.m.—Lyrnm. Thelwall. Newchurch 6-45 a.m.— Bewaey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad I gate, Stockton Heath, stretton. Warburton, and Wools tom 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.— Manehetder. Bolton, Oldham, Aacciesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshir-ieNorthuraberland, Durham, and S. E. Lancashire. 19-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 19-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Sonthport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Dolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, -Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Waits, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, I Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. 9.-En tern. ..Uidland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury, North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Orrnskirk. B ith. Bristol Exeter. Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Mg an Bolton 2-15 p.m. Preston Brook, Stilton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenheld, Northwich, Nantwich and Sanobach 2-45 p.m —Frodahani. 'Frodaham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn, and Newoburch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate ant Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Ly mos. Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 6-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborouzh, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire. and West Cumber- Lind 5-45 p.tu. —Saturday s only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery -- 9-30 p.m.—Preston. West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man. and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra Hall penny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign aktters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. E ARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... Ifigh-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Janies Jordan Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Teleeraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Pon. parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 3 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetirne to which a letter can be posted with ordi nary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG wag wounds that. discharge or otherwise. perils surrounded with inflammation and swollen that whe you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im oression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that &fiei all the remenies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being n cerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have "tended various hospitals w.d had medical advice, an i men told your ease is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CUBE You. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. fid. to C. W. ALBHRT, 73, PARRINGDON-STREET Lorinors, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILTs; which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Lego house- maids'itnee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols) lel Hands, Bunions. iHegistered Copyright.)

„,,,•-""'44azte-,_,,„.. ~,,..,,g,,,,...... ~,,, :rt tv!, ei, 'AV 47 11 efrfl #'' Pc .s!) Z., ZAli, 4 • :.,' 4:4. _ . ,t,' ' 'or Ite_ „.17.1... • ',, 4/00000,02.4” , 1 t t CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE BIAGIO IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on thp soles of the feet. If\you suffer, try a box, you wil) never regret it. Boxes, 1/1. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAMA SON, Cluorrists, CHELTENHAM.

Ashton-in-Mak erfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwiek. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts grist of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, PrestOn, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Reiens, Southport, and S •h Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne:Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, itockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... igan All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL B 0 SFS ABE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

The " QUADRANT" Patent WINLESS BICYCLE 1 with cross-roller gear, 1899 I Model is acknowledged to the great masterpiece of modrn cycle co WRITE FOR PRICE MST. Makers—The QUADRANT CYCLE Co.. Ltd., BIRMINGHAM.

PILITI4 COr ILT EZ:E.I 113 t will never trout .1 e you if your Pneumatic Tyres aro Inted .Ali tie PATENT SELF-SEALING AIR TUBESO The only Complete and Successful Puncture Remedy as I proved by Four Years experience. Supplied by all Cycle Agents. Write for Pamphlet (free) to— The SELP-SRALING AIR GM ASIERR Co.. Ltd., GRANVILLE STREET, BIRMINGHAM.

k" AL 1 Y CL CYCLES VP N 'Li For Ladles. and Gantle 447.9. (Off* men, " ROYAL AJA.X " are 'di_ finest value. Carriage paid. 144:Yerk: j, -30 per cent cheaper than else- - JI _ wtiere. immense Stock, N,..w • - and Secondhand. EASY rER3IB : FROM 10S. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINE; EXCHANGED. 1699 ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Large Cycle-Biding School. THR BRITISH CYOLIA MANUFACTURING CO., 45, EVELTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch; 30, ELLIOT-STIIO.ti.T, LIVRRPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield.

11•••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••• STARCHIVG A PLEASURE! THE NEW STARCH. Xi. E. UMEICIIIVIALIS Zig CO'S. • Requires no glaze. Maybe used with hot or cold water. Saves time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist for It. SOLD IN PACKETS, id. and dd• sot. milturAcTritzrus: X 4. E. TX-NONIALS iSE ,Prince's_Bulldings.,Edge-Iane,LyERPOOL.a.k your Grocer foxsample packet

THOMAS WRIGHT, PIRR AND Iltlia-ItICSISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STHRL SAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFt wI N VS' ICK-ROAD, WARRiNt, TON.

THE UNRIVALLED EXTERMINATOR .;1". Ei I E s, INSECT KILLS POWDER COCKROACHES, BEETLES, BOGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, CREEHiIY, ARTS, VERMIN OHS &FOWLS, SLC., HARMLESS TO EVERYTHING EXCEPT INSECrS. Used by the Used on all Admiralty. j 3, Steamship Steamship War Office. &e. Lines, &e. Householders should keep it who are troubled with AL ii Sold everywhere in 1!- Bellows (full), and 3d., 6d., Is., and 2i6 Tins. MANUFA crunz.,7s— JOHN CALABRESE Ez CO., Ltd., 26, Billiter Buildings, Miter Street, London, E.C.

(N 9 TVA 011ANTER AND CI VARCE CYCLES. MANLIPAr.3TUR BD BY Val TAIVERPO: IL RUBBER.- (JO.. LTD. Wimrd.6—VAUXHALL-KOAD. AND WALTON, LIVBRPOOL, Are uadouhtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FIN:1811ED. ELEGANT AND ST ausa. atsh or Easy Payments. 'Catalogue contatotng free insurance Coupon, po3t tree on application. -Patentees of the. CeLebratuct •..Lockfust " Pneumatic tyre and rim. S unp t,:st in the world to deta;:h. Chief Depots and Show-room 351 I\ ORM JORig SPBEkT, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7C90. W. ROUND SALINDMISOIT. District Manager. Eat..blished 1859. Sole Ae.ent for Warrington • STANWAY, 37, Buqermarket Street. So:e Agents for Runcorn: XESSItS. HANDLii:Y AND BECK, Ironmongers.

SYIVIINGTOI\i'S EDINBURG}I COFFEE ESSENCF,_ makes delicious coffec., in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE, :00 , r -- , W' ~,,, • ..<7.-,,-,,. ~ .;;ir,N., F.r Ladtas ,51g rind ;,", .::2_,%, beesitl.e,Tenentaaful 'srtrr,,.„rjare. " azost up-to-date. ( It:7' e',./ r -,......N..4\-- Carriaco Paid I: .44....- ;•i —1... g z.,,...741?(17..0. cu.], IZscuur. Juno No. 4, A.lO /Or.. 17,t1 monzi:ly. ~1.,° ,(1, la g lacnth.fi Write fm• Nen. Season's List of JIM° Cycles ;•4'2.; 7 "17/,6 ai4,.,°' anil Accessories, rfnit Pixt Fr :;ee. ' ,-; .i; -A; --az 4etr:opolll.al Co.. Ltd..:isii il m' :2;:.‘;3 do. 70. Eisl•oosgatu St., Witbout, E.C., and t • 3 d°. Vicavlilly Circus, London, W. Type Writnre, £9 SR. 1510 Monthly.

CLARE'S E 41 PILL'i are warranted to cure. in eithe sex, all acquhed or eGnstitational Discharges front the Urinary Organs, Gravel and l'ams in the biu k. Free from Mercury . P:stal:llshed upvvar.le of 3.) %vars. In boxes 4s. 61 each, of all Chefzitts and Patent Medicine Venaors tls ough but the world, or tent for sixty stamps by the makers Tee LiDeolu and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt • VaLuABLE DISCOVERT Fon THE HAIR, —lf your hair Is turning grey or white or falling eff U 35 ihe MExiCaff HAIR IiENEWCH, for it will positively reszbre. in every ease, grey or unite hair to its original colour. It makes thehitir charmingly e..utiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s, 6d er bottle.— ./1 dot. FLONILINE I—Po THE TEETH AND BitEATH,—ThOkoually cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt,rts tart•tr, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness'and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2a. 6d for the liquid, or is. per Jar :or the Florillnt. "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. The royal Laundresses soy Crltchrev's •• STAR= GLoss ' is unequalled for imparthig a i..eautifill finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling 'cater stareh. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—Ms wife wiil not finish our linen without your Starch Gloss." Front Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear Sir. Am PienSf'd to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours' It should be ' used in every house. Eold at Id., 3d. , and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- c it. V CALICHLEY, Blackburn. Pr .priator.—Advt.

ALL INTARRIED PEOPLE OF ROTH filtßEv S 640171. D KNOW HOW TO REMAIN lIAPPY, PROSPF:ROU APR FREE FROM CARFS. INVALUABLE INFO.gMATION SRNT FREE ItR, • on lieee;pt of • Stamped Envelope. u —OAIDIENDED BY A PhowIINENT PROFESSOR WRITE AT ONCE TO J. IA ILLS, & INF, LIVERPOOL. 'DONT .FORGET TEAT • - 3 I-1 44,1, AND ViO'S,. LUNG • BALSAM IS 5:1117: BITST THING YOU CAN TAKE BOTLC, 70. AND Is. HILL AND Co., Gil . T r ERMARK i!:T,STBE 141 T, WARRINGTON.

BRIGHTER THAN ENAMEL! mAuR/cES:7 O:O:cELEINE Will make any eyesore of the lumber-room the pride of the house. Dries quickly and will not Crack, Chip, Smear, Blister, or Peel off. 48 BEAUTIFUL TINTS IN STOCK. CAN BE APPLIED BY A CHILD. 1/3 tins for 101 d. and 6d. tins 41d. Special for Baths, will resist hot water, 1/6 tins 1/171, 3/- tins 2/3, at °)! 4.. 1:1;`,4c:- X 'M M Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON :-35, BRIDGE ST. • 5, BRIDGE ST., AND MARKET GATE. STOCKPORT :-26, BRIDGE ST. BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY ST. ECCLES :-58, CHURCH ST. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK ST. CHESTER . EASTGATE ROW AND 30, EASTGATE ST.

1;7, ,-, , pii 1 mil ,:, •• ~7 ik ;t, • , ~ S.. ;ii,; !'1 14 , ~4 I -,14 ; I.P' A. .1 , 1:i 4 It.N,kiirfJ=' ''• ... , ,IT.k' ..1' :' 1 A:f l'ii* —i ii •:'...iri'','s' :..• 4.• 1: '. •;, ~ e ‘C't \. j, it, ~ , 1 .., . ,y \j, 5t•4;.,,,. A :.• :F. ' ,----- ' ,'• t. ---"' .• •)'' :t • va. -, tt y• -. ::, •,.., ~ ,-,.. , . .., / ) -- ~; t ''.'• ::,,,,, 1• \— 0,,,,1.,,ti 1:,, ~ r',. ..,.,, ~.-, ~;" ,i Y ,i 44..- .......;,......1-,..0. , ' .=-,,...4, , .1..... i• , .I.' - •"" - - ..t.., . IA ZJET; tk% PAyet% ' 1 4 'i, n, cl 54. f',...", 1,, 44. , .1,:, , 4,,,. ;. - ..;•g.,,..--,..-.4,.:.„,,,1t.4 t t ' -' N„,, , ,;,. ~,, .:, ovs 41 ,401,2 •-•''.!l s. o =s. le ,' • -,,r1 41$. P.. 1i.,,1:1.4 p/. ',:.' iiilf-,4%.°-X ''..),.,,, 1 .1 , Lel 'll ' r .."2”..t4cv••.,.i, Xt's:,+,,,,, „,"4 * -2.ir-':".'t'l*yet:'•,'-i,-;:----"--51..":qesi .. °3-4 ~,,A -!,,17,A,,,eg....'"1, ,--, ....„ r rM,ltßi''' A otr -f• 4 „ ?;fi.V4 )i 1 4,oo,4,4lA'Uq.ipuke-.4•Ai ~ -I', s';;P•\.la.o, iss 71 .7- '),--:_,-.1,7pA,,=,-....,,,:,;(4, , =.-, '. ~,,,, :-,•_.4.,...:-It\--iTc:--„4'4,411:. ~,t-•-• -14,,,k,,.",:g_q*-- ..tigl, rroi , .414 9 t ~..,;„I...i.A;:s.r,tir.-sAg,kiSiA N 4-711 .-.--.1, -, .:4 - e'li-tiA 41 c.:4 1 til t;fe. "la '4Cted ''‘',i.'-4Oxig; F 6( 0 ra - IAO,T tri,X, 7,1-I.„.„'T- A ALA?" , pi, 'N, 4 Ag. is • -..., ~...,k^e- : \t' 'll q" Ki ..., ,-, e'r 4......w,,,,t•,),;',;5-s,t4V,V • ~...4 pg 'li ,t;•, ~,„„,,,,, ' .. „„,. - .1.- ,414.,,c.5\., 4,,,V.! g (V.'.!nt, ,f. .4'''''.k.''',oi'l4.§.''S, *f.',IVCIA• 4A24'rlilit..-Ytfs-$* ^ '`-' '?iir!...N-- _l'l- q.:2o'*' 0er::,;;;,.;**.!!'41,,,,,;,,,,!1.A:,!,,,,,,t.,,,k.,r,5,i 4N,....,..?,4'...... ,^V,S,4):'-',,A W 4/.;' 0 'IT ,11 ,y,'!_:41,4(0,19 r. i 111 i• • f., ~...\espAlt 1# tvavS> ,e4'. ~„rti1i:,4,:g:4411/45,-.0 0 e ett,, ,A .t„,,,,,,,,, ~i, ~ v , i a iv =v)i-,--..1!...mg.4,17 A *41J4.1k,,';?.. 'IC-r..7a-triiiti7,l-‘;', ~,,-;;,,,. ,v,13,:6,.,v‘tt,2 ::,,-,..1;_4.4,-,,;-,f:. n.. ':•ss.i.‘-"I•i•-,A94451.19',K.;:ke.k&k..1. _. ,b 4. . . • -•',.- .-r.:_,.•-., . M. & C. TL,'IN (j. t J it' NEA S . SPECIALS FIFTEEN GUINEAS. g1i,...r...<1 Office :--Celi'7•"TrlV* I ocal Agents:—Warrington Syndicate, Liverpool Rd.Warrington List Free ou Application. Liverpool Depilt :---zor, Bold Street, Liverpool

LocAL AGENTS: DUTTON AND HEAD. 34, MARKET-STREET, EA.RTESToWN. L. JACKSON AND CO.. 91' GREENWAY-EOAD, RUNCORN. J. S. McLItA,N AND CO., 51. DUKE-S RERT, ST. HELENS. R. TEBBUTT. VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. 9,

taielt, ,f.,',. ''"N, 1 '44 ..: liti. ' Ntk ',..; ,a ~I,rir- ~,,e tt. A 4-44, A :r, • : 1 : • if ,' tr" ' . 4 4. • L. ,t 46 r . I, } , .1, ' .I•.' 11.3 t'''' • ' A 'IP, f.. e ' • ...,e- -.. NiN :At:i: tea-4: 9.. -t: ,st i , ii, 44:::: ;i-tit,..4: ~,,, il i't4,. ~ la 4.4. ..., . 1... * 0„,...k -1, .„ tiee, 'ofr: 1 L , .., " i. 4,, :,',, % , 4,1" , I'7 iii it ~, 10, •i', - ''..,'.,:' ...11.. - ',l ' M.. •R," .i '.s• ' ~ •; 'A:4 ' FOR THE HAIR. Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dandruff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Ir.valuable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 3/6, 7/-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. sr A ),', _, ' F ;4' ,1 4J-1 . ; fq! b''' („ .. 37 ~I;( •,2;•14 , tr:, l', 4 -lA* j A "44 , ..... r--- p '''. '',,04 •• ~ • A ;t1: if, i -,,,. ' 4 r• w `,tA4 ,f ~1 I FOR THE: TEETH. The Best Tooth Powdor. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London.

~, ,'' i! 0. .; . -•&,„ ~ ,: -,: . if '.:, , ,N. , l % 1 ';„ , 7 ~ ~_ 1., , 15, %:'.. -. -44 ~, • IV A' P VP• 131 • 11.otts and Flentous Disorders) SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, . PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, &a. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY . TB.*E INVALID, TEE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 73, How Orford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. Direct from the Works of the eminent firna of .7.1 E. BNB OP AND SONS, LIMITED. Sent on approval to intending cash purchasers to any ' address in the United Kingdom, on receipt of satisfactory reference. We are the pioneers of high-class pianos. AT LESS THAN HALF THE USUAL PRICK. ----- ---- , ri , ; INEIMMIEIi . Piano for Rl5 I n usually sold g .4.131 _Lys. Cash retail IP^ . , a I V GUINEAS UPRIGHT IRON GRAND FOR £36 Cash. 20 YEARS WARRANTY given with EACH INSTRUMENT. Such value never before effered to the Public, Testimonial., from all parts. Over 47,CC0 oi our Pianos now In use. Write for List mid Diawings. E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIM ITU ESTABLISHED 1862. Head Office and Works: BEL-40NT STREI.T, CHALK FA.RM, LONDON N W West End Show Roorns-19. Baker-street, London, W. Branch Sil,w Ito.oni —2B7,Grey's Inn-load, King's-Cross. 1 Men who are weak and tire of taking NaIIeCOUS and MYS i ERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Physician in con- fidence,and full particulars will be str)t FREE as to how all c..Fei of NERVOUS EXHAUS- TION, LOSS (.•F VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can he SUC- CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Send z.,tantoed aorirm;ed envelope to THE COLLINS CO., Erskint--street. Lives-noel.

e IZr. rz3 4',1-1; • )„. . ityl 4. • Q., , 4 v. ~ wtr.l, .$1 •„:14,,7 *Pi - The most delicous and wholesome Jam made, and like all other successful pro- ductions, it has many- inferior imitators. The public are therefore warned that if they want orie genuine article they must 4.11. 3 insistupon being served with eakm s.

crnTmom Nothing steadies the nerves o and clears the brain like a , strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee ES- $OllOO, In c) -_, ol bottles from all Grocers. 2A C 82 9-9.3ZII2ISLUSLIU9S-2-2-9--ZSUM

..g lE3IS rt. / TOOTHACHE AND • 0171141 E. NEURALCIA In bottles. is. lid., of all Chemists ..y•Pe or Yost Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S. R. 0.5.. London, Surgeon-Dentiet, 29 Seymour-street. Liveroool.

- WATCH St CHAIN FOR ORE DAY'S WORK. • **, Boys and Girls can got a ITICKZIP .c... ~.. Itio O. PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and , „.'. CHARM Ns selling li dozen packages of it BLUINE at Fivepenee each. bend your full address including name Of County, by return mail, and we will forward the Ribble, post paid, and a large premium list No money reyaired. BLIIINE Co. (Department C 2) . 1:::41. Ofpgy Road, West Norwood, London. ILL

LTELTIIiIDS Girls School, Warrington, vv ANTED JAL immediately Ex. P.T. (art 50) for the Second Stand- ard, piano a recommendation. Salary £45 paid monthly.— Apply HEAD MISTRESS.

found the greatest difficulty in getting a boy as a pupil teacher. If they could gtt a uniform scale of payment it would b wise, and would do away with the risk of one BCtlO9l bidding against another. (Hear, bear.) Further disc ISSiOn followod, and eventually the R,ctor liecid.d to with ir aw his resolution. The CHAIRMIN : The discussion will be advantageous and althois4h the Rector withdraws, whit has been said must bear fruit within a reasonable period. (Hear, h-iar.) Votes of thanks were accorded to Councillor Shaw Green for presiding, and to the Mayor for the use of the Council Chamber, and tne meeting terminated.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS RAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 243. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 93. 6d 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTERNIARK ET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

THIC FAMOUS L. AND Y. TAWNY FLAKE riOBACCO. THE SWEETEST AND cocthsr sMOKIC ON EARTH IN loz. AND 2oz. FOILS 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK, 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NE WS.

THE TRANSVAAL. FEELING AT CAPE TOWN. CAPE TowN, WEDNE9DLY. The feeling here respec•ing the untoward incident in the Transvaal is one of universal regret, and it may be regarded as certain that little sympathy will b extended to the accused if the charges against them should prove to be really well foueded. PARR'S BANK ROBBERY IMPOR TAN f INFORMATION. In the case of Westley Richards, c iarged with being in possession of three £lOO notes stolen from Parr's Bank, a further renamed was, at the Mansion House,. London, yesterday, grauted,as the prosecution said they were in possession of important information,abJut which it was necessary to make inquiries. LIVERPOOL AD SUN DAY CLOSING. In the House of Commons yesterday aft .rnoon, Mr. , M'Arthur presented a weitioe trom the Lord Mayor of Liverpool on behalf of a town's meeting held in Liver pool, praying Parliament to stop the sale of intoxicating liquors on Sundays. TORNADO IN AM E RICA. A SCHOOL WRECKED. NEW YORE, THURSDAY. At Alvordton, in Ohio, yesterday, a i.cnoolhouse built of brick was wrecked by a tornado. Six chilaren were so badly injured that their recovery is d Jutttul. Mueh damage was also done to other buildings in the town. A CYCLE ROAD RECO RD. Yesterday morning C. Shires (Nor wood Cycling Club) beat the 50 miles unpaced reuerd Kir southern roads by a minute. Shire's time, which was made over the official course, was two hours forty-one minutes. G. Foster timed. THE LATE EARL OF STRAFFORD. ,At the inquest held yesterday toe jury found that Lord Strafford's death was caused by misadventure. FATALITY AT WELSH.POOL. FALL OF AN OAK TREE. An alarming accident occurred at Wtl,tipool yesterday morning in Powis Castle Park, the Earl of Powiti'S picturesque Mantgomery cl,mense, resulting in onedeath and serious injuries to three children. The Montgomery- shire Militia were being drilled in the park, and their exercises were, as usual, watched by a crowd of people, including a number of children. Suddenly an old oak tree fell, and four children were tuned beneath RS branches. One girl aged ..bou, fourteen, was killed oa the spot,ber head being smashed,and three other girls VI ceived such serious injuries that their lives are despaired of. Three of the children, including one killed, are daughters of Mr. Niven, outfitter, Welstieoel, and the other is the daughter of John Purrita o=ieter. YESTERDAY'S CRICIC E'F. The following are the scores at elo,e of play in the first-class cricket matches playei yesteichy : AUSTRALIANS V. AN ENGLAND ELEVEN :—Auf• tralians, 222 ; English El,3ven, 73 tot 3. SURREY V. GLOUCESTERSHIRE :—Surrey 299; Gloucestershire 65 for 1. ESSEX v SUSSEX :—Sussex 142; E,sex 53 for 3. M.C.O. v DERBYSHIRE : —Derbyshire 102; 64 for 2. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY v YOAKSH bridge 245 all out(Jessee 171 not ~u,.);Yu.kenre 99 foci. OXFORD UNIVERSITY v. SOMERSET :—Oxford 298 all out. LANCASHIRE v SCOTLAND :—Owing to rain no play was possible in this match at Edinburgh.

15s. AStT OP TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANfY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOUId COMPANY; 72, M REET-SPREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager Mr. E. CLui.JUH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTEN DAN UR Al WARRINGTON EV it itY FRIDAY, 3 tlll 7-30, At MIUU Cifelit.ll3'oXtis ilaTttY OFFICE, 13, LEGH-STREET, Oft oankey,treet), Opposite sir. Sutton's sale Rooms. ST. HELENS hlrratY TUESUAY, 2 till 7, At MR, CRITOHLEY'a 011iATUAL CAFE, BRID4E-STREET, Exactly opposite the market.

FOR FIRST-CLASS 13 R IVATE 1) ENTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments Unnecessary, but may be arranged. 1113ETH. All consultations free. ,TEETEL Bach patient informed beforehand the cost of won,. required. TEETH.. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. .11EETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, 1 TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the Oa of 151itrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.0 Cd gallons weekly. Bxors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER ....... ......-.-46, MOSLEY-STREET• (Telephone 1660), LIVERPOOL ............................-5, BO.LD-STREBI (telephone 2155) ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. ' SATUttDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN .-.................7 BRIDGE-STREET. TL &SLAY, 2 p in. WARR1NGT0N............ ....3a, SANKEY-STREST WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN .. ..... THUItSDA.I, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH ....... - 18, AP PL 6SI A Rli ET-STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, tkad 1 to 5.

RT.a. - he t ENGLAND—May 15th, at hi,..ss House. Stockton Heath, - wile of Mr. Is. Bngland of a sou. MAR ttI.A.GES. LEICESTER-31ORGAN—May tith. at the Parish (thumb, War rington, by the lieV. Dickinson, inoinas, Leicester, '- Mary Jane Morgan. HAYFIELD—BEESLEY—!aay 11th, at the Parish Church, rington, by the liev. Canon Willis, William. Hayfield, "" Jane Beesley. DEATHS. LAWLESS—May 6th, at k or- shaw-street, Warrington, Lawless, agid 25 years. CorrEduLL—May 7tn, at Forster-street, Warrington, P12061P Cotterill, aged. 3 years. BURROWS—May 7th, at Dudley-street, Warrington, Vallee* Burrows, aged 65 years. TicKLE—May 9th, at Isiicholsen-streSt. Warriugton, Tl3OOO Tickle, aged 62 years. 06 JEFionsox—May 10th, at Howley-lane. Warrington, --11 Jefferson. aged 74 years.

FRIARS GREEN, Warrington (Opposite Arpley Stag° Also at MAINICHRSTSR 110AD1 (ilte lissenhigh's.) 2 S. T. WAR D AND VO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, ARBL MASONS, Makers of all kinds of Chimney eleues, ilonurne.ntsiT°;;l Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, EleadstAmea in Uramt,e, Idarbis• - Stone. Designs and Rstimates Free. LETTHR-CUTTISQ, AND CLIANI NCI IL/UST/SG MONUMBNTS A SPECIALTY.
