===== 0002601_18990505_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD NOT FAIL TO VISIT POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S 22 BUTTE RM A P.K .4,T ST RE' ET,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
StkILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL.

80 8. t uebec and Montreal... . May llth LAuRENTIAN, or Quebec and Montreal May 18th R-12* CORBAN for St Juhn'ts,N F. and Halifax May 20th NIJMIDI A N for Q iiebec and dontreal ........ 25th CALIFORNIAN ior Qui.bec and Montreal ...... June Ist aloou Par's from 1.10. 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 rough Tickets to all points at special rates. CO A 4, tree DA..—Hutidbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars 4t. aPpliclou to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- ' ,4verpool : or to 3.8. GREEN, 34, Warringto

===== 0002601_18990505_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
--------_____

• • "Vv7 ITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS, LIVERPOOL to NEW YOR via . Queenstown . ..... Wed.. May 10 I MAJESTIC —.Wei.. May 17 ki'sultd Cabin 24rried on MAJESTICatri TEUTONIC only. ah...111-d Class passage at low rates including Outfit tree of ge to tic, Yotis Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore ALP.p' to ism At, 4nd 'Jo., Liverpool and 34. street, London

No. 1047.

THOMAS W RIGHT

FIRE AND THIIO-14.USISTING, WROUOHT IRON AND STRHL OAFE

MAKER

35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
- . j, lia _,,,;. -,..,:, ,„,,,,,,,,, . , ,-...1.-...:y.;..„ ..:-.;-....-,:.-..., ~. 4, .., .. .. . ..... • t_. k.. . . . 1., ..., . . ... . ... , . ,„, • - :,,, __-!::, :-..-,-, ~ . ...,(J.:, li , .110. i N - XL' • :.'',.., .4 ' • • !"....:. 4„,', ."•,1 ." ,"!T, “ :r.'4 ..,',:: ''',i••••'; . ;'.... •,:', ,:".:5. . f 1... 1L,,.. t.... 1- L ~.. .. , ~. . ~. ... ~....„ ~ .„,,.,. ~;..„,. . .., ~....., ...: ~..i ~,t.; , 'lv t•- •t; 44. -. • A . ... '•-r:,.;11:. AT • 1.•,-.„. , . \,,,..15.0,.., c‘lll ..,_, .-. I -,,--. • . ~,,,,,,,, .., ~,,,! . • ....- ',.#:,., .. . . . .„ „ Ni.....,..,‘ . 4 ( ,

EnRID/L.Y, Mlllll- 5, 1899.

BY OST 1 'S. 7iXd. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. is 9d. per Quarter credi

===== 0002601_18990505_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

FREE FASHION PLATE--; FOR SUMMER SEASON, 1899. Several Large FASHION PLATES Free on Application. LADIES' SHIrtTS AND BLOUSES. LADIES AND CHILDRENS' COSTUMES. DRESSINit GOWNS AND TOILET JACKETS. LADIES' CORSETS AND UNDERCLOTHING. Sent Post Free.

Send your address on Post Card to LEWIS HAY, MANUFACTURER, NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
'.EHE NEW FRENOR REMt4DY.

THE R A PION This successiu and highly • popular remed• , as em- ployee in the Continental Hospitala by Ricord Rostan, Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpaso,es everything hitherto emptoyed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotch-s, p ins and swell- ings ot the joints, kidney, bladder. and ur,inary diseases. stricture, discharges pile. pai,.s in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exbaustiou, sleeplessuess,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped adaressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUIRE, LONDON, W.C.

SINCLAIR'S

HEART

TONIC

PILLS.

hstunates given. /inquiries invited. PETER 1,)O1TON. ROPE AND TWINE LIANUFA.LITURER. Backing, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil sheets, /tc., Ac.

TENTS and BIA.HQUEhS for Sale or Hire. PORTS, PICNICS, ite., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN W ICE-STREET, ARRIN GTON.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
LAD!

LADIRS.

AirRS. SCHAFfit-R-:BENNYON, the Eminent Lady AL Specialist in all Female Complaints, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMHDY for restoring regularity wiTtiour MLlDlt.lNi is the only positive, sate, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost imme- diately and does not interfere with household duties. Guaran- teed harmless. bend at once stamped addressed envelope for full par- ticulars and most convincing Testimoniais (GUARANTEED GENUINE UNDNR A PEI%ALTY OF ELM). to Bine. SCHAFFER- B naNNICON, 63, High Holborn, London, W.C.I

===== 0002601_18990505_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THEIR PROVISIONS FROM

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S

22 BUTTERMARKET STREET.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S

SAUSAGES ARE THE BEST. 22, BUTTERMA.RKET-STREET.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may lad arranged TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bath pa ..ient fionriwormor:rdegiattilifroershand the cost Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

IBETIL

lEETH.

An M.D.. also Lady Attendants. !BETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide.

lEETH,

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.

Exors, of the late

Jo Ho PARKINSON (DENT= By EXAM.)

..... .46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1660),

LIVERPOOL.--

...... .5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7sp.m. SATUEDAY, 9 a.m. to 7p.m.

EA.RLESTOWN 7, 1 RIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON ....... ANK EY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, ;o 5.

BRUGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICU.-.......18, APPLEM ARK 'a-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

DANDELION COFFES

The best and eheapeat ever offered to the Public. Sold by all larocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., aft is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GliODlt'S AND SON. WARBING/TOB

===== 0002601_18990505_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
14iT 'LBWS-IHD 1833

£3O FOR SCiiOOL PRIZES. ENGLISEI COAPOSITION.

x.,34 AND cts

For what we consici-e:--tEe two best letters of not more than twenty lines eaci, on ' Spring Cleming." introducing the.. names of some of ih ar idles mentionea below, written by any pupil under 18 years of age, attending any elementary public school or continuation school. X 3 AND ct 2 _

For the two best letters, on the foregoing conditions, but sent in by a pupil not higher than the fourth Standard in any Fdsmentary Public School. The Competitio, in each case to be signed by a teacheis giving age of competitor, standard, and name of school thus— John Ellis, Teacher. Competitor's age 11. Standard V.. Walkley Board sch 01. Sheffield. Competitions to be marked "ENGLISH " on the outside of the envelope, and addressed to JESSE BOOT, Island-st., Nottingham. FRENCH AND GERMAN. In order to en rourige the very desirable acquirement of French and German among the rising generation, BOOTS; Cash Chemists, offer Prizes to the amountof £l5 to Englisia scholars only on the following conditions r." AND £2 Will be given for what we consider the three best letters, net to be more than twenty lines in length, in French or German the German to be writ en in characters. Subject,— " Spring Cleaning " introducing the names of some of the articles mentioned below. To be competed for by pupils under 18 year of go nit any elementary public school or p-blic continuation school. The Competition to be signed by a teach eas evidence that the sender is one ef those for whom this Competition is Intended. The teacher need only sign his or her name, giv- ing name of school and age of competitor, thus :—Ada John- son, Teacher ' • competitor's age 15; Huntingdonittreet, Board School, Nottingham WILL BE GIVEN FOR WHAT WE CON.. Xt.! SIDEh the beat LETTER, of not more than twenty lines on" SPRING CLEANING," in French or German, sent in by pupils attending any private School, under toe some conditions as to ,ge. An as above. A teacher in this case also to sign the Competition, giving age of competitor and name of Schoa In the French and Gei man Competition teacher's certicr- nate will be taken as an as,urance that it is an English boy or girl who is competing, as it would not be fair to accept competitions from French or German scholars. Ginapetitions to be marked" Franco-Gereian " on the outside of envelope, and addressed to 31155 150011, Island. street, Nottingham. Teachers may send in the Competitions done by their scholars, and to the Teacher sending in the most Competitions za will be awerded. A List of the Con.peators should be forwarded by the Teacher. addresi•ed to '• TEACHER.' care of JESSE BOO' Island-street, Nottingham. Competitions mu,t e sent, post paid, on or before 30TIE MAY, 1899, and accompanied by a receipt for something used for Spring Cleaning bought at any of th - branehe, of BOOTS. Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for everything yon buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. In making th awards not only the literary merit of the competitions sent in will be considered, but even more the neatness ot the writing and the eleverne is in which the names of the articles advertised on this bill are introduced. Two or more letters will be ac iepted from one sender, but each letter must be accompanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be axepted as final. WRITE PLAINLY AND GIVE YOUR ADDRESS. ADBEEss TOUR LETTER AS ABOVE DIRECTED TO- " E " F NGLISH " or RANCO-131- ERMAN " c/o JESSE BOOT, ISLAND-STREET, NOWINGLIAM. OPRING ()LEANING.

No need to smother your rooms with stuffy carpets Na need of French polishers 1 Everything may be done decen: ly and in order by the lady of the house I USE BOOTS VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliant polish in Oak, Wslnut, Mahogany., &c. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 61. size for 4i 1., is. size for Bd., and 26, 6 Eizo for is. sd. per bottle. MORGAN'7, GOLD AND SILVER PAINT As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders, and Decorators. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and. unrivalled in appearance. Boots roiticsd price, Is. bottle for ?id. UNRIVALLED MKTAL POLISH BOOTS BRASS VAS vE OR METAL POLISH will clean every- kind of metal, braes, steel, or iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial ze, usual 21. for Id., Is. Tin for 4d. MAURICE'S PORCKLEINE will make any eyesore of the lumber-room the ride 0 the house. 48 Beautiful Tins in stock. Can be applied by a child. BRIGHTER THAN ENAMEL. is. 3d., 'tins 100., 6.1. Tins qd. WILLS' CI4hAtsMNG CLOUDY A ‘INIONIA is. bottle for 10d. Small trial •GI HOUSEM.AWS' GLOVICS, WAsH LEATHER . FURNI- TURE ettrAM. SOPI SOAP, YARN.SH STAINS, BRUNsWICK BLACK, Ac, &C., &c., of the best cra:ity are sold at the lowest prices. Local Branches of B.)OTi Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 35. BRIDGE-STREET. 5, BRIDGE- STREET AND MARKET GATE. STOCKPORT :-26, BRIDGE-STREET BROW. ALTRINCHAM : -37, RAM ATA Y-S MEET: Boma: :-58. CHURCH-STREET. Sr. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREBT. CHESTER :, 28, EASTGATE-ROW and 33. EASTGATE* STREET.

WILLIAM IN INSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED Q. k_;ANITA.RY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that be has purchased the BUI,INKSS succestsfu,iy carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HNDGCOCK at King- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. tilaziet, Painter, Gasfitter, Ac., where be hopes, by being more cearally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N.B.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances • also a Choice selection Of wall papers and decorAions will be constantly on hand.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMA.TES GIVEN

for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LI k '; .4 - ,!,i, , ~i 'l4 -

===== 0002601_18990505_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
, . , 1 I - f 1 • I 1 1 ~ t 1 ,c 4 I . 1

===== 0002601_18990505_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
1,

; ‘;‘ 11=

I 4)

'

q

===== 0002601_18990505_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOOPING COUGH cure ' ' inferno medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUG fl 4s.p e r bott 1 e. Sole 'Wholesale Agen tS, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria btreet, CROUP London. R

without

OCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

EADE'S PILLS.

EAMES pus. All who— suffer from Gout or Rheumatism elould immediately ELD3I3 pius. have recourse to RADB'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADirs pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADII s pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v WADIES pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in 4-4 ._

their action. _ INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT. RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crevent Dewsbury. road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. RHEUMA TI S M "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I sand you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is ihr years since I first had RH EUMAT I /3 M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RIIEUMAT IS NI The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMAT I S M my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least G°u pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMA TI B,M directly. I WOULD NOT BR WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUM A T I 5 M Yon are quite at liberty to make what use you 111.:1 of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased ri, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write It HBUIIAT I S M rise (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, • Yours truly Ar.BRRT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. lid. end 23. Btl or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 72, GWVICLL-ROLD, B.C. Ask to and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND AHEM MATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

For Ready 20 years

DR. DAVI Ss

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Anemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Lou of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart. • Debility, Depression. Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments.

Boxes, 90., s. 11d., 2s. 9,1 and tla. 61. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be- persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stook ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— DR. DIM, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

KEATINEFb ro W DER. KEATING'S POWDER.

Ti-EATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kilts Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) l3old only in tins. 3d.' 6d., and is. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.. FLEAs' BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. VLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. . L'

HYGIENIC 5 PRING CLEANING.

PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER

PIAK BRAND. WILL MARE WALL PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR Is. 63). CARRIAGE PAID. PAYTON MANUFACTURING CO., 10, NORFOLK-STREET, MANCHESTER.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S 0 HLORODYNE. THE ORMINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. 011LORODYNE is ndmitted by the Proleseion to be:the most wonderful and valualile remedy ever (Ur

c-o-;•ered. - CHLORODYNF: is the hest remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. (1111.40RODYNE effectually checks and arrests ki those too often fatal diseases —Diphtherfa, Fever, Croup Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrheas and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CIILORODYNII effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, ,nd Spasms.' (-I.IILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

01.• From Dr. B. 3. BouLl'orr AND CO.. Ilornesstle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inonr practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Ant -spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces er feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it s.eems to • possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's l)onsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAI:MON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- Tows. cauTim—Vie.b-Chancbilin Slr W. P.tat WOOD stated that Dr. J. Cor•Lni BROW:qE Wa3, loubtedlY• the inventor of " CHLORODYNEI " and that the story of the defendant FREFNAN. was delibt.rntely untrue. which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See 13thJu1y4,51.866d4.. None is Sold in bottles at is. 1k„, 23. 9d•, and genuine without the wools "1)11, J. COLLIS BLIOWNE'S CHLORODYVE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medics itesti many aecompaides onch bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DaVkIYPOBT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury.iLendon

,v MANLY Al EN. Why suffer from 'pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Rxbaustinn, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows bow every man, young end old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH Dlollkat or FLEC7RICITY. Specimens of letters received, rnd guaranteed genuine : " I cannot find words to expres4 bow thankful I atn. I used to think I never would get cured. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.ll." " I have carried out your instruct:ons, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent pealed, post free, for two stamps. 3.LIIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street Londots. W.C. end at once and be cured. 32 Yeats' Continuous Success.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. IRREGULARITINS, &C.,—A. Lady, hexing tried in vain • every advertised ramedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter how stuoborn the ease. Bona ge sufferers can get it FREE OF CELL/WE by enclosing strauped envolope. Don't experiment with Korth- - less I ills, .t}lutur . arict other injurious nostrums. Write at r full HoPx AND CO/4F DE144.12. to Mrs. 0. ST. (LAIR, 46. :Southampton Bnildiugs. Chancery-lane London

LADIES! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist iu all Feis3ale Complat.ts, has much pleasure in announcing that her fililinDY tor restoring regularily NM:DOM! MRDIOINB is, he only rositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost Immediately, and does not interfeze with household duties. I guarantee every case. tend at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £l.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES. 50, Brasigate-road. Cattord, Londor S.R.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ABX Tailjatlß FOR MoDOTTGAIES PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR

===== 0002601_18990505_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LErfEll.

MY DEAR NELLTE, I am going to begin this letter again about hats and toques, they being the principle thinga just now. Perhaps you will have seen the new style which has just. come out, which is a lovely black picture hat, with the top of the crown and the inner edge of the brim formed of gathered +macs of chiffon, and round the crown and forming the outer edge of the brim there is black sequin net, .thickly spangled. The brim is lined with tucked white tullw, and the hat is trimmed with black ostrich feathers and wings of net edged with black sequins. The particular charm of this hat lies in the graceful and becoming curves of the brim. Another one is a charming hat of "sun-kissed" straw, with chour of periwinkle chiffon and black plumes, which could be copied in many other colourings, or carried out entirely in black and white or black and Tuscan. That coat costume with velvet bands and small gilt buttons admits of variety in vests, and is especially effective in dove or mastic tints,, with darker velvet. The princesse model on the right is carried out in two colours, and simulates a separate skirt and coal

'AV.)

y^,u nbl.leetl the neat and fancy walking cos- tudies and jackets that are being made a lot of now It cannot be said that they are Hovel, yet they are so much and so well worn as to be quite a feature of the present season. The skirt, for in- stance, is of the latest medium out, full enough to be elegant, yet not bulky from excess of fulness. The basque of the coat has the points in front, from which it curves upwards and the small sleeves that the latest fashion dictates, and there is a semi-military smartness about the roll of the velvet facings. Some have a skirt of blue and white check cloth made up diagonally, and the coat is plain blue in the glossy new Paris cloth, with velvet of a darker tint. The large buttons are silver, and there are four of them, and the jabot is cream lace, and must be good, or it looks out of keeping with the fine cloth. The sleeve has no cuff, though the lower part is separated from the upper by two small velvet-covered cords, which cannot be put on neatly and must be inserted by cutting the cloth.

f•riit,' • -.-114:-,,; s ,;.ryk...-7-.4i :•:),..,„As' ‘P, 'O:.-tu, 'My -,",..5if.::,,,,fir-6 ~, • ',I -----7—",, • ,i; •,„„.c!1,1'• •:::<>....,* .i,,,, /.- --,-."; 1-71 t, _4; . '.2f4:-../1' --"- --,•_,'', 7 g rid - • ',VW : . ...cy,,,:,913).:; 'l' sl.k Ics,,X. .74MitT `.:,;"43,, •ZA:," : off° ;it ••••7 i ••.,- 4"-Afiyi2l,, / , Z ..,,,i •e , / / %, , , . / • /;,, ~ .7/ 7 ,;.,, e, ! \ • , /,, \/%r /e., i \, • ;;' 7/, ~.4:5;,e,, .-z....-,.....:,,,,,„... ......sit: , '''' /*/".W`. ~/ ,f; rv. \ W .7 / / \ t : ' • .

===== 0002601_18990505_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
•1

The grey coats that are so very much worn with black cloth or silk skirts are decidedly "jaunty," and yet more severe than the cut-away coats that have recently been in favour. They have the great advantage of requiring no blouse or front under- neath them, and when the spring winds blow boisterously they give them no opportunity of penetrating, and always look trim' and neat One is a pretty thing of grey Amazon cloth with white silk machine stitching dovre the front, along the waist line, round the basque, and on the sleeves. The revers are covered with white moire and braided with black and white silk cord. The silver buttons are in groups of three, and on one side of the front only. A small coloured vest and neckband must be worn with this coat, so as to contrast with the white moire, and nothing looks better than blue. •

I mentioned, I believe, last week, some fancy girls' dresses. I should say new frocks are im- perative in spring for girls, who generally grow a good deal during the months that elapse between being fitted out for winter, and the bright though not always warm days' when everything feminine longs for fresh apparel. Mothers have little or no difficulty with the little ones, but the schoolgirls of from ten or twelve to sixteen have to be carefully considered. It is desimble to give them nice and pretty frocks to foster their own self-respect, and implant or encourage a love of what is fitting to their youth and position, but on the other hand no one wishes them to think overmuch about dress. A great many remain rather short and small till they have entered their teens, and in those cases there is no outdoor garment so useful as a pelisse, or entire dress put over the indoor one. A very nice one I have seen since writing is made of blue cloth with a closely-tucked blue silk yoke and neokbank and a frill round the neck of the same. The shaped collar or revers and the cuffs are of cloth embroidered with blue or cream silk, and finished with blue silk frills, and just where the plain skirt joins the short-waisted bodice there is a large chased silver or enamel button. A white felt hat with the narrowest possible binding of blue velvet, a long white ostrich feather on one side, and a stand-up quilling of white silk, edged with blue bebe velvet, looks extremely well with this costume. _

Your loving JffiNMl.

tn.INCHARD'S FEMALE NM

NEVER FAIL," Are acknowledged to be the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIMS Theyare certa:n to cure the most obstinate casc,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from BLANCHA.RD, Forest Rd., Daiston, London.

A. I ;#::. re ~' 1:311:. o' .' . : ...• . ,):. 4, : / 0-..--e. '...4% 4r4 *4 • 'A' fi;v:,*:;,s r-4.:!:',;,-40•,,-..7‘ slily. "//7„/. • ...4.,„,,..,;ye, . ~.; .0.,1p8,,/,,/, "I ,?,.,, ..i, '::•4'',:;,...';'',/ 1/4**4V";#9' O. , I S:1,:•:". i'':',' ~..• • '. ;111$'P' ,i/ :' II / • 1/4"/ / .:: /' i illll 111. ' 1:1 ~ • %A , f r ~‘4 /I • .ii .. / \\

. . , : •••=—.. ' • --711---=1 ....,-- ~), • -, .b. 11- g•-..,-••,-, -• :•-)k /*, j':-,.-*,..,, • ;•:: \', 'tlir''' ,''''Y itAr:-- ', ;-.2'" \ \ N•. , if ‘\ , \• .\, , '' s '4% •;`:::•.77.7, i.,--. ./„...," tr N' t7fii •., • ; ',. '''. ~

===== 0002601_18990505_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LthShEll COMPOUND" (Trade Mark for Coughs and Colds, of proven efficacy. 131 d. Sold loy Chemists —Advt

f .4 „4.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, MAY 5i 1899.

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The first State hall of the season is to take place at Buckingham Vala.ce on the 18th inst., and the first State concert on June 2nd. About 1,600 guests have been in- vitf dby the Lord Chamberlain to the former function, everybody to appear in full dress. The invitations are for ten o'clock, but it is always Toast eleven before the Royal Procession enters the ballroom, conducted by the Great Officers of the Household. Dancing then begins, and goes on until the time for supper arrives, when a procepsirn is again formed, Royalty passing down tbe room between two rows of curtsying guests. In the supper room, the scene is very brilliant. for at the Royal table the gold plate is in use, and on the buffet the massive collecti n of dishes and tank irds is lavishly displayed. The loving cup is always there, with its lows of pegs at short distances apart, all down the inside of the cup. The menu is very good at the Palace suppers, the hock cup being the favourate beverage. _ _

The engagement of the young Queen of Holland is at yet officially announced, but it is believed that she is betrothed to 11:r cousin, Prince William of Weld, and that b 0 soon as the exact status and precedenca to be given the Prince, is decided upon, the offic at announce- ment will be made by the Dutch authorities. The Princely family of Wied is one of the oldest and richest in Northern Germany. Their principal residence is the Schloss at Neuwied on the Rhine, but the Princ,sa (Prince William's mother) who is a daughter of Prince Frederick of Netherlands, has a valuable property in Holland, besides a fortune of fifty millions of mailed. Dutch girls, like British ones, enjoy a good deal of freedom. In many ways indeed, they are allowed even more liberty than their British sisters. Unlike the French jeunes filles, who are never permitted to walk in the streets without a chaperon, who may never sr net to a young man without the permission of the'remott er the Dutch girls go about nearly everywhere alone. 'll ey walk alone, they do their shopping alone, they pay their calls alone, and are even allowed to go to dinner partle4 alone, without a chaperon. The dowry is almost an unknown thing in Holland, except among the very wealthy classes. Its absence however does not prevent the girls from finding husbands though it must be largely responsible for the long en- gagements which are the rule. These often last four or five years. In connection with them a curious custom may be noted. As soon as a girl becomes engaged, she is expected to take her fiance to pay a series of formal calls, in order that he may be ceremoniously introduced, not only to all her relatives, but also to all her friends. When this task is accomplished, she is free to go un- chaperoned with him wherever she pleasee. There is not much talk in Holland about " Women, Rights," yet Dutch women have many rights. The universities are open to them though very few avail themselves of this particular advantage. Lady Ulrica Duncombe's engagement is to be a short one, and before the summer is ended she will have taken up her residence in Amen Court. Lady Chloe resembles Lady Cynthia Graham perhaps more than her other sister, Lady Helen Vincent. But all possess the same beautiful peach-like complexions, which are probably due to the direct supervision of their mother Lady Feversharra. When they were small, she insisted upon thick bltre veils being donned over huge hats' even for the briefest run in the Srounos. The late Duchess of Leinister—the eldest of this lovely quartette—it will be remembered died of consumption some five or six years age. Lady Cynthia Graham, who is probably the most universally popular of all the sisters, spends compara- tively little of her time in London now, the best part of the year being passed at Netherley. Lady Helen Vincent on the other hand, is always to the fore during the en- tire London season, and later, flits about with the gay crowd, here, there, and everywhere. Lady Helen is considered by many, to be tee most beautiful woman of the day. Fair, tall, slender, with a rosebud mouth, and very musical voice. She was one of the most benutiful brides ever seen, and few who were pre- sent at her marriage will ever forget the picture she made in her exqaisite white gown brocaded in lilies. Bat for the plucky behavour of a young girl, yet another accident would have occurred at a wedding the other day, through the objectionable practice of rice- throwing. Some of the rice intended for the happy pair struck one of the horses which promptly bolted. A girl rushed forward, and dragged away the children who were standing in the road, at the same time seizing the runaway steed by the bridle which she managed to bold until help arrived. When rice at such functions is dis- pensed with altoeether, it will indeed be a haply day for all concerned. Rice spoils one's clothes, is dangerous to one's sight, and one's well-being generally, and ruinous to one's temper. At the Primrose wedding, silver con- fetti was employed, and the bappy pair given a "silver bath " as they left the house for the carriage, but prettier still is the petal shower, which happily grows more and more the vogue. A basket of flower petals is given to each guest, and the bride and bridegroom are pelted with these when leaving for the honeymoon. Last year it was possible to hold one's skirt up with a thumb and finger, this year it is two handfuls, and moreover it gives one the cramp to keep it out of the mud and dust. One never knows too, whether one is showing too ranch or too little petticoat. A method I have frequently seen adopted lately, and in many in- stances successfully, is to sew a couple of large flat but- tens inside the skirt. These cae be easily felt from the outside, and to catch the two buttons is the work of a second, when the dress is held gracefully. As to the ex- act position of the two buttons, this must be studied carefully, before a mirror. Little black silk jackets are in great favor at the moment, worn with black silk gowns, or those built of fabric of other description, and cider. Tho amateur home dressmaker should not attempt this particular little garment. A cape can easily be managed with the aid of a good pattern, but a black silk coat needs the greatest skill, otherwise " home made "is writ large all over it. When correctly turned out, it is a delightful covering. an I will probably he well worn until the bright summer days make their appearance. Shoes for walking may be of brown in all shades, from deepest chestnut, to light browns, and in all leathers, morocco preferably. These brown shoes should have brown buckles, but may if preferred be adorned with black ores. Brown shoes are the most serviceable we can indulge in, and are always smarter than the ordin- ary blacking shoe. Brown shoes which have lost the appearance of youth can have much of it restored to them by being laced up on trees, and thoroughly washed with soap and water and a nail brush- When absolutely clean they must be left on the trees a day or two to dry in the sere if this is available, and then carefully repolished. This treat- ment, besides removing all the dirt with which the polish has become impregnated, will also stretch out the wrinkles. It must be mentioned that the trees are apt to lose polish in the process,but this is a minor neitter. One of the finest things we can do for the complexion is to icdutge in a warm bath at night, and a C.icl, or if desirable,tepid one in the morning. Outdoor exercise of some description should be taken every day too. la's, hours rigidly avoided, alcohol dispensed with, and fruit and vegetables partaken of freely. Spinach is a capital vegetable for the comphxien. It is now becoming cheap, and is therefore within the reach of all. For the woman whose face is too thin, one of the finest things is a glass of hot milk every night, before retiring. It should he sipped slowly, ard a must of dry bread eaten to it. In a ehort time the long drawn look will disappear,and the cheeks fill out,giving their owner a youthful girlish appearance.

" MADGE."

(Cepyrsght.

THE SEAFARERS:

===== 0002601_18990505_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A MODERN ROMANCE.

Pk JOHN' BLOUNDELLE-BURTON, Author of "Fortune's my FOO, " "The Scourge of God," "Across the Salt Seas," "The Clash of Arms," "In the Day of Adversity," "A Gen- tleman Adven! Ater," "His Own Enemy," "Denounced," t,:c. •

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Arabella Waldron, a young girl, is to sail for India in a ship belonging to her uncle, Captain Poole:7-, in order to be married at Bombay. But, previously, the reader is to he told of her courtship. A year before. the Captain had taken her to the theatre, where she had met Stephen Charlie. a young friend of her uncle, who is smitten by her. Afterwards, at a lunch a Portsmouth, Bella meets Gilbert Bampfyld, a flag-lieutenant to the Rear-Admiral, and at a ball in the evening she gives him most of her dances. After starting for Bombay to marry Gilbert, who is stationed on a warship there, a table comes for Bella not to start, as the warship has been ordered to Africa. She is, however, already out of reach.

CHAPTER VII. "AN OCEAN WAIF."

From the time the men had sheeted home the topsails as the Emperor of the Moon got • under way until now when, having left the Cape of Good Hope behind her, she was travelling through the water at a tremendous speed, her head set due north, scarcely anything had occurred much worthy of note. Soon—after the first two days had passed, during which time Bella had lain flat in her berth in the large roomy cabin provided for her by her uncle, the captain, while his wife had administered to her odd glasses of champagna, little cups of rich, succulent soup, and such like delicacies—the girl was able to reach the deck. And, once there and under an awning stretched from the ensign staff to past the mizzen mast, she would sit and meditate for hours on the forthcoming meeting with her lover, which drew nearer and nearer with each plunge of the Emperor's forefoot into the sapphire sea. Sometimes, too, she would read aloud a novel to Mrs. Pooley, who, perhaps because was good and motherly, and fat, would listen to she nothing but the most romantic love-stories which the vivid brains of fashionable lady novelists could turn out; though when alone and reading for her own amusement Bella would pore over books of adventure in wild parts of the world or devour some of the histories of marine adventure which her uncle possessed in his neat mahogany bookcases below.

Of Stephen Charke she saw, of course, a good deal, as it was natural she should do. You cannot be in a ship, however large or • small, without seeing much of all on board; but when it comes to sitting down every twenty-four hours to what Captain Pooley called "four square meals a day, with intervals between for refreshfnents," you must not only be brought into constant touch with your companions, but also enter into much discourse with them. Yet, as the girl told herself, Charke was behaving well, extremely well, so that, gradually, she lost all sense of discomfort that would other- wise have arisen through being thrown continuously into his society, and ere long she would observe his approach without the slightest tremor of suscepti- bility. Soon, too, she began to acknowledge to herself that Stephen was a gentleman in his feelings, and that, no matter what his sentiments might be towards her—if they existed still and were unchanged from what they had once been—he at least knew how to exercise that control over them which a gentleman should be capable of. Up to now, he had never said one word to her that any other person might not have uttered who had .found himself thrown into her society on board the Emperor of the Moon, nor had he unduly sought her presence or, being in it, endeavoured to remain there as long as it was possible. Nothing of much note had occurred thus far on the voyage, it has been said; yet there had of course been some of those incidents without which no voyage of any distance is ever made. Once through the Bay, and as they ran swiftly south, they had found themselves in a dense fog—a most unusual thing in such a latitude and at this time of the year; then upon the top of that fog 'there had sprung up a stiff breeze which gradually *developed into a gale, so that, from dewing the main royal to furling the top-gallant sails of the mizzen and foremasts was but a moment, as was . the next action of taking in the main top-gallant sail. And thus, ere long, Bella had her first experience of what a storm at sea was like, and, as she heard the live stock grunting and squealing forward; the ship's furniture more or less thunder- ing about wherever it could get loose; the piano— on which, only the night before, she had played the accompaniment to her uncle's deep bass voice as he trolled out "In Cellar cool "—thumping heavily against the bulkhead•to which it was usually lashed, and the cries of the sailors as they uttered 'words which might not perhaps be properly denominated as "cries" alone, she began to wonder how her darling Gilbert could ever have chosen such a calling. Also, the streaming planks when, at last, she ventured on deck, the dull sei i clouds and the mournful look of the Emperor herself, under reefed topsails, foresail, fore topmast staysail, fore- sail, main trysail and spanker, as she rolled and lolloped about in the troughs and hollows of the sea, and took the water first over one bow and then over another—and then, for a change, over her stern--only increased that wonder. _

Yet, lof the next morning—for the sea is a great quick-change artist, volatile and variable as a flirt, though too often as tragic as Medea herself— when Bella looked out of her scuttle, against which the green water now slapped boisterously but not viciously—all was changed. A bright sun shone down from the heavens, the ship had still got a roll on her, though not an unpleasant one—and the girl felt hungry. Which was as good a sign that the storm was over as could well be wished for. _ _

"It has been a rough night," Stephen Charke said, as he rose from his breakfast on her entrance to the saloon, helped her to her chair, and bade the steward bring coffee and hot rolls and bacon— all of which were already perfuming the air. "Your uncle is now on deck. We have been there all night." "I thought," said Bella, pouring out her coffee and smiling pleasantly, since now all fear had departed from her mind that Charke would mis- construe any friendly marks of intimacy she might be disposed to graciously bestow on him, "that I was at the end of my journey. Indeed, that we all were; that it was brought to a sudden end; accomplished. That—" "That," said Stephen, smiling too, sadly enough, yet enchancing wonderfully his dark, handsome looks by doing so, "that perhaps Mr. Bampfyld might miss his bride!" _ _

For a moment Bella's hazel eyes flashed at Him, and he thought how wondrously beautiful they looked as they did so—then a serious expression came on her face. While, after pausing a moment, as though scarcely knowing what answer to make or whether she should make one at all, she said: "Yes. That he might miss his bride. My death, and that alone, could cause him to do so." And as she spoke she looked Stephen straight in the face, feeling again—which she regretted—that old sentiment of doubt of him which she had come to believe she had conquered and subdued. "His death would cause the same result," he answered, speak'ng slowly, hesitatingly, for in truth he felt as if he were treading on dangerous ground. In a moment he found such was the case. "Mr. ' Charke," the girl said, very quietly now, "I should be so much obliged to you if, during the remainder of our journey together, you will neither discuss my affairs nor those of my futun husband, nor him. It will make the voyage pleasanter to me if you will do that." As she spoke the bell struck two, and, since the watches had been disorganised by the storm of the night, that sound meant that Captain Pooley would row come below for his breakfast, and his place bovo be taken by the mate. Therefore, he turned low ids the stairs, muttering: "I beg your pardon, I am sure. Pra ; forgive me. I will not offend again." Then he disappeared on to the deck. Yet an hour lister he stood by her side beneath the 'awning, and now he was directing her attention to something that, a mile off, was the object of the attention of everyone on board. The captain and his wife were both regarding it fixedly; so, too, were the men forward; the only persons not present being, of course, the watch below and the second mate, Mr. Fagg, who had now turned in. "What do you make it out to:be ? " asked Pooley of Stephen, as they still gazed at it. "It is not a baby nor a child; yet it is scarcely bigger than the first. Can it be a dog ? " "No " said Charke authoritatively, as though hi, yo nger eyesight was not to be disputed; "it is eit r a young tiger or a !panther cub afloat on a water-cask. There has been a !wreck during the

night, I expect, and it ilaB got adrift. I-wimps," he said, "if we cruise around a bit we may find some human life to save."

- "How should it be aboard any ship ? " asked the captain. "Who takes tigers or panthers for pas- sengers?" "Plenty of people," Charke answered quietly. "They are brought home to sell to the menageries and 'zoos. A cub like that is worth twenty pounds —worth looking after. Ganes bring them home sometimes, sailors often. • Meanwhile," he added, "according to the set of the waves, that thing will be alongside us in a quarter of an hour. I'll bet a day's pay it strikes the ship betwixt the main and mizzen channels."

"Oh!" exclaimed Mrs. Pooley and Bella together, "do let us save it and get it on board! It will," said the latter, "be such a lov.Ay plaything—and such a curiosity! Fancy a girl from West Ken- sington who has never had a plaything or pet mora stupendous than a canary, a cat, or a fox-terrier, having a tiger. Why!" she exclaimed, with a laugh which gave to her short upper lip an appear- ance of tantalising beauty, "Una will be outdone by me—a girl of the nineteenth century!" Tantalising or not as that smile might be, it led to the salvation of the cub, for, with a swift look at the captain which was meant to ask for his assent, Charke called to one of the sailors to get over into the channels and down on to the fourth futtock, he telling him with wonderful accuracy the exact spot where the water-cask would strike the stationary ship. Five minutes later, that which he had calculated with such precision came to pass, the cask touched the vessel's side almost immediately beneath the man's feet and, in another moment, the cub had been caught by its loose skin in the exact middle of its back and hauled up, squealing, spitting and scratching, on to the deck. "The little beast! " exclaimed the mate, as he sucked the back of his hand where the creature had clawed him; "the little beast! this is a pretty reward for our saving it from drowning!" and then he administered a sound kick to the thing as it lay on the deck. So sound and rousing 'a one, indeed, that it emitted a grunt of pain, and with its claws —about as big, or bigger, than those of a good- sized cat—endeavoured to fasten on to his legs. Also, from its yellow, scintillating eyes, it emitted a glance of such malignant ferocity as, had it been more fully grown, might have alarmed a braver man than he.

"Oh! how cruel to kick that poor little half- drowned thing!" Bella exclaimed reproachfully; "it never meant to hurt you, only it was frightened. Poor little thing!" she said again, and, even as she spoke, she knelt down on the deck and stroked the wet striped ball that lay there. And it seemed as if her gentleness had some power to soothe what- ever ferocious instincts still dormant and undeveloped at present—were nevertheless within it. For, instead of now using its paws as weapons with which to strike out and attack anything near it, it played with her as a kitten plays with a ball, tapping at her hand and trying to catch it, and pushing and kicking against her with its hind legs.

"Yoii see," she s-aid, looking up at Charke with a glance in which she could not disguise her dislike of his violence; "you see at present, at least, it does not try to harm those who treat it well." _ _ _ .

"Yes," lie said, "I see." Then he added, half bitterly, half morosely, "No one doubts your powers of fascination, Miss Waldron."

CHAPTER VIII. "HIS NAME IS - WIIAT ? "

The saving of this creature which Bella elected to call Bengalee, because she said she as sure it cane from Bengal, and also because she had once sung a song of that name, was followed by•no other events of any imnortance whatever. Nor need their stay at the Cape be dwelt upon, because it consisted simply of various visits which were paid in the outskirts by Mr. and Mrs. Pooley, accompanied by Bella; by the unloading of a considerable portion of the cargo of The Emperor of the Moon, and by the refilling of the hold with other goods sale- able in India.

And now they were once more on their way towards the Equator, going due north instead of due south, as when they had last approached it, and with a cool southern breeze driving the Emperor along under full sail. Yet, so gentle was this breeze, that even if there had been any who were not sailors in the ship—which Bella, as well as Mrs. Pooley, might now be well considered to be, after the length of voyage she had already gone through, added to a few extra days and nights of turbulence and storm—scarcely would they have felt any inconvenience from the motion. Thus, therefore, with occasionally a dropping of the wind which reduced their speed a few knots, and, some- times, with a total drop in it, so that they did not progress a knot an hour, while the ship swung slowly round and round the compass, they found themselves at the time which is about to be de- scribed in about Latitude 2010 S., and Longitude 60'50 E., or, as near as may be, about two hundred and fifty miles to the east of Mauritius. Wherefore, since the Emperor of the Moon has arrived thus far in the Indian Ocean there has to be set down a series of strange events which befel her, of so remarkable and peculiar a nature that one wonders that those events have never been chronicled before. For, far different from the ordinary stress and disasters which overtake ships at sea were those which have to be described; far different from those which the recorders of maritime calamities are in the habit of chronicling either in romance or dryasdust descriptions of facts.

All of which the writer now proceeds to relate, beginning with a strange coincidence that, perhaps, none but those readers who, in their voyage through life have recognised that truth is more strange than the wildest fiction, will, perhaps, be willing to allow as within the bounds of likeli- hood. However, to make a beginning, since the coincidence is true, the Emperor of the Moon was in those latitudes above described when, it being a bright hot morning with the sea already gleam- ing like molten brass, with the pitch between the planks already of the consistency of putty, and with the brasswork in such a state of heat that it was unsafe to touch it unless one wanted to leave the skin of their palms and fingers behind them, the look-out on the fo'castle head yelled : "Sail, right ahead! " Now, since nothing of this hind, neither steamer nor sailing vessel had been seen since they had northed out of the west-wind drift, and since, also, the liners were rarely found out- side the Equatorial current, this cry was sufficient to fill every one on board with a considerable amount of interest and excitement.

" Whereaway ? " called out Charke, who was on the poop at this moment, the captain, his wife and Bella being below at breakfast, and ere the man could repeat that the sail was right ahead and about five miles off, all those others there had come on deck.

"How pretty it looks, shining in the sun!" the girl exclaimed, as she regarded it through a pair of marine glasses which her uncle had placed at her disposal, "and how the sail glistens. It looks like a star."

"Humph!" said the captain, as be gazed through his binocular. "Like a star! True enough, so it does. And," he said, addressing the two mates who were standing near him, "we have seen such stars hereabouts before, eh? Do you think," he went on; addressing Charke, lowering his voice a little, "it is one of those? " "Don't know," Charke said, working his own glass a good deal. "Can't see how it can be; too far to the Fast. Bussorah, Muscat, Ras-el-Hadd, Mohamralt, Oman that' s their mark. What should they be doing here?" "All the same," exclaimed Pooley, "it's the rig, and the true shape, that of a Jargonelle pear cut in half. Ido believe that's what it is. They might have been blown out of their, course, you know, or chased by one of her Majesty's ships. What do you think?" "I think," said Charke, who always spoke of everything connected with his calling in the most unemotional manner possible, "I think we shall know when we come up to her, as we must do in about half an hour. Also," he continued, with a subdued tone in his voice, while his eye glinted sideways towards where Bella stood, "we are not naval officers but only humble merchant seamen. There's no prize-money for us, therefore it is not our business. _

Bella had, of course, been listening attentively to all that had been said since she had come on deck, and ran lightly up the poop ladder, and now, hearing these words about "naval officers" and "prize-money," her interest became more intense than before.

"Oh uncle!" she exclaimed, putting her hand on his sleeve, "what does it all mean? Naval officers and prize-money! That's not one of her Majesty's ships, surely? my dear," the captain replied, "Wt.. 's not ond of her Majesty's ships; but I shall be precious surprised if she doesn't turn out to be one of the ,very craft that her Majesty's ships are always on the look-out for hereaLouts, only rather closer in towards the African coast than this. She has all the build of a Arab slave dhow." "Ave." exclaimed Charlie. who was still using

his glass Melly, trcm where he stood behind therfi. "Aye, and something more than the build, too. If I'm not mistaken her hatches have open gratings. What do you say, Fagg ? " turning to his junior. "Seems so, sir," said that young officer, who, never wasted more words than necessary, "though I'm not quite sure." "I am," replied Charke. I can see the grating slits perfectly as we get nearer." "What does that mean ? " asked Bella, to whom this conversation conveyed nothing. "It means," said Pooley, "that there is live stock below those gratings. Black cattle, as they used to' be called on the West Coast. Ordinary hatches, to simply cover up cargo, are not made to let the air in. That can do without breathing." "How awful!" Bella exclaimed, while through her mind there ran recollections of what she had heard or read casually of the slave trade in the old days, and also of the horrors of the North-West passage. "How awful!" "Bad enough," replied Pooley, "though not as bad as the old West African days, nor as you might think. The slave trade is a valuable one in this ocean, and those who are carried in the dhows are well enough fed. Rice, Indian corn, maize, and cassara, is given them for food, and they have mats and matting galore to sleep on. Persian merchants and Arab gentlemen don't buy starved scarecrows for their domestic servants.' "Whatever she is, and whatever her cargo is, there's something wrong with her," the chief mate suddenly exclaimed. "She's off the wind now, and the fellow' who was at the helm has left it. It is abandoned. By Jove!" he exclaimed, "he is lying wriggling by it. What on earth's the ma' t cr ? " "And," aided the second mate, "there's a negro woman waving a red scarf. Something's wrong there, no doubt." "We shall be up to them in ten minutes," the master said, all bustle and excitement now, "let go the foretack. Stand by to lower the starboard- quarter boat," and, as he spoke, the men of the wat-li who had been leaning on the fife rail rushed to the falls to be ready to let the boat sink to the watcr when the proper moment came. To Bella • this seemel the most exciting moment of her life! There, in front of her, was one of those vessels, the name of which, or class of which, was almost unknown to her, excent that, from odds and ends of conversation with her lover, she had gathered that these were the things in the chasing of which part of his existence might be passed until they met once more at Bombay. Here, on this glistening, glassy sea the dhow lay—her one mast raking towards her bow instead of her stern, as is the case with most vessels of the Western world, her long white triangle of a sail unfilled and flapping listlessly. A dhow—perhaps a slaver! as her uncle and the master had said—a dhow in sore distress with, writhing by her helm, the man who had lately been steering her, and, over her bow, that negro woman waving frantically the red scarf. .Excite- ment there was, indeed, in all this, causing her, even as she eagerly watched the vessel they were approaching, to wonder how the striking up of the band at a ball, or the ring of the prompter's bell ere the curtain rose on a drama that all London was flocking to see, could have ever stirred her' pulses. What were they, those trivialities, to the smiling glistening face of this Eastern sea—to the horror and the cruelties that this ever tranquil ocean's 'bosom had enfolded through the ages. Still the negress waved, not recognising, perhaps, in her blind, besotted, dumb, animal-like ignorance that help was at hand, and still, through their glasses, they could see that he who had steered the dhow now lay motionless. Then, at her ear, as the Emperor came within six cables lengths of the dhow, her uncle gave a few rapid orders; the second mate, accompanied by the boat's crew, jumped into the quarter-boat—the man at the wheel luffed until the vessel had not a motion in her. Swiftly the boat was lowered, the rudder and thole pins shipped, and she was on her way to the dhow. • "What do you make of it? "the master roared to Fagg ten minutes later, as, by then, the Emperor- of the Moon had come closer to the dhow through the motion of the swell. "What? " " I don't know what to make of it, sir," the second mate called back. "The man who was steering is, I think, dead. He does not move, and there is a white film over his eyes. The woman , who waved the handkerchief seems well, but I cannot understand what she means. She does nothing but howl and point below." "Are the hatches grated ? " "Yes, sir, and there are four negroes beneath them. It is a slave dhow for certain. The negroea are shackled and handcuffed." "Have you searched further ? " "I am going to do so now. The ship is settling, I think. There is a kind of poop super-structure forming cabins. " "Search at once; then bring all alive on board us. -

In a moment Mr. Fagg had disappeared into what he had termed a "kind of poop super- structure," and while he was in it all on board the Emperor were occupied in speculating on what could have brought a slaver so far to the East and out of her 'ordinary course; and also in wondering what the mate would. find during his further search. - -

But that wonderment was soon to be resolved, for ere Mr. Fagg had been out of their sight five minutes, he rushed back from the super-structure to the deck, and bawled through his hands: "There is a young naval officer lying in the poop cabin, and he is slightly wounded. His name is- "

"What ? " roared rooley, astonished at the mate's hesitation.

--- -------_____ "It is marked on the rim of his cap—inside. It is—l----I am afraid it is Miss Waldron's fianei. The—the—name is Bampfyld."

(To be enntinmed.)

BUSII LIFE IN ' A.WARALIA.

"There is no more delightful experiesce than a whole day's ride with tie eve s.!‘l-rinund a big Australia:4 run." writes Auton Bertram in the May number uf the "Wind- sor Magazine." " You the in the coil early morning and breakfast, before the tun is we 4 up, on beefsteak, fresh scones, quince jelly, and groat cups of tea. Mean- while the horses have been driven into the yard : you take your bridle, and, selecting your own steed cut of the thirty or forty there, you elge him hit() a corner and Eucre 'd in getting the bit into his mouth. Then you saddle him and ride off into the hush, thz- sun shining on the grey, quivering gam lea,es, or on the glistening foliage of the box. The overseer rides through each paddock in turn, noticing the condition of the sheep, in- specting the creek or water-welt, keeping art eye to the fences when he passrs them. At mid-day you draw up at a boundary rider's hut. He is married perhaps, and his wife ',pleads her cleanest cloth and g vs you lunch, followed by tea (always tea in the bush), while the overseer retails to the lady all the gossip of the station. Then on again. Perhaps you come out into the open plain. Four or fire miles ahead you disiiern the bright colours of a mob of cattle, and you canter towards them. You find a band of men galloping round a thnisaud cattle in a circle, cutting out the fat ones, or era rating the bul- locks firm the cows. You stay and j in them ; and when the wells is finh,hed, and the cattle are separated. counted, and draitcd off, you all rite off together to the next boundary rider's hut. This man is a bachelor, per- haps, and his hut is a plain struczure of rough wood, but his ' hilly 'is on the fire, arra is soon brought to a boiling pit. He limos you rr,u:id strong-brewed tea in tin panrukins, well sweetened with brown sugar, but without milk, nd therevith cuts vou chucks of fresh 'damper.' rhe men talk about the lith,ur party, the coming election, the betting odds, the ruxt great race- meeting at Melbourne, or the last ;:asn of sheep-3te3ling in the dhitrie,. And now the sun is nearing the edge of the great yellow plain. It is time to be off. You mcust once more, and all canter ho:ne tie/ether amid the rich heel of the Australian sun,ot. As the darkness falls you ride into the. station, well tired with your forty miles' ride, and quite ready for your dinner at the hospitable table of your hoist, and for the evening in the drawing-room Afterwards, where you sit listening to music, talking about the old country, or hearing tales of early days ha the now.'

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For ithen.inztlorn, Lumbago, Elliman's „ sprams 1114i,.:ses, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, Einar:L:l's „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's ~ Cold at the Chest, Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's ~ Chlbla.ins before Broken, Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, Ec.c. Bottles Sid., is. lid. as. gd., 45.

Horses', Dogs', Bird's, Cattle Accidents and Ailments. 170 Pages; I THE ELLIMAN FIRST AID BOOK. Copy 6d. post free, or the Label of a 25. t 23. 6d., or 35. 6d. Bottle, may be sent of ELLIMAN'S ROYAL EMBROCATION. No Horses kept—Ask for Dogs—Birds _ _

Section. This Freer Published by Elliman, Sans ec Co., Slougit, Engiand.

l

===== 0002601_18990505_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Ask for

lirj? oF FIGS and look fo: this Trade r/laric, which appears on the genuine

===== 0002601_18990505_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
'ORTS CATAL

I N.A.tr-Nouldlitu6l6./.lo..4"."4kusfietaAreiskadiGito.wer.a.osTSca.mails,,.....C7 1:1)17.-TP...ICTZJMYE 5 will never trouble you if your Pneumatic Tyres axe fitted with the 1 PATENT SELF -SEALING AIR TiI3E,SI, The only Complete and Successful Puncture Remedy a 3 proved by your Years experience. Supplied by all Cycle Agents. Write for Pamphlet (free) t,4_. h. r, :TSELF-SEALING AIE CIIA7I/33ES Co.. Ltd., il GRANVILLE STREET. 1311.21711 II G.FIARI. owyearrywprowwww.wai.-.iiiirsirvverr.a.”4lo` 'NI"' .ev"''',Xim ,s$

===== 0002601_18990505_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

The Town Council met on Tuesday evening. the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Faircleugh) presiding. Then were also present :—Aldermen Roberts. &Mon, Hutchinson ; Councillors Shaw Green, Monks, Plump- ton, Bennet:, Pierpoint, Smethurst, Eleaton, Jolla Evans, James Evans, Longtort, Ellison, Burton, Tinniou, Rogers, Jolley, F. R. Roberts, Shillcock, Lee, J Roberts, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (two clerk), Mr. Stanley Wils3n (deputy towa clerk), Mr. Faireurst (borough surveyor). Mr. Dens (sanitary engineer). ABSENCE OF THE MAYOR. In the absence of the Mayor, Alderman Fairc'ough, deputy -mayor, was voted to the chair, on the motion of Alderman SUTTON, seconded be Councillor HEATON. MUSEUMS AND GYMNASIUMS ACT, 1891. A special meeting was held for the purpose of passing the following resolution ;—"That the Mayor, Al terrnen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Warrington, acting by the Council as the urban authority for the said borough, do hereby adopt the Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1801, so far as it relates to museums only, and that this resolution shall come into operation on the sth day of June, 1899." Alderman ROBERTS moved the confirmation of the resolution, and pointed out that the Act woul I enable too Corporation to make bye-laws for the regulation of the management of the Museum, and impose a penalty for offences. They had no power at present to borrow mon, y for the purchase of land and buildings, but only suCh borrowing powers as were covered by the rate d for the purpose. Toe main provision was to pro- 'vide the opportunity to levy a special rate of one half- penny in the £. That rate would not be laid until a special resolution had been brought bifore 'he Council and sanctioned, and it was not likely it would be imposed at present. ;Hear, hear.) Councillor MONKS seconded. Councillor SHAW GREEN said that bad it not been for the explanation which Alderman Roberts had .made he might have had something to say about the matter. He accepted his promise on behalf of the committee that they would not seek to impose the halfpenny rata for some time to come. The motion was carried. INFECTIOUS DISEASE NOTIFICATION ACT, 1889. A special meeting of the Council was also held for the purpose of passing the following resolution .—" That the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Warrington, acting by the Council as the local authority fer the said borough, do hereby adopt tree Infecti us Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, and that this resolution shall come into operation on tire fifth lay of June, 1899.' Alderman SUTTON moved the adoption of the re s du- tion, and drew attention to the fact that if the Ace were adopted its provi ions would superesde Sectiol 23 of the local Act of 1879, which wou d cease to be in operation. The Netification Act 1339 extended the de- finition of infectious disease t) membranous croup ad eryeioelaq, which were not included in their Lica! Act. Notification of these diseases would be necessary in ad- dition to the other diseases named in the Act. The same feea would be payable to the medical practitioners in cases occurring in private practice, but reduced the fee to is. in Cases occurring in the prftctice of a medical ! officer of any public body or institution. One advantage of the Act was that it applied to every ship, vessel,boat, telt, van, shed, or similar structures used for human habitation. The Act did not differ in any oteer respect from the provisions new in force. Alderman ROBERTS seconded, and the resolution was agreed to.

FINANCE AND ESTATE COMMITTEE. IRREDEEMABLE SECURITIES. The CHAIRMAN at a meting ef the above committee, read a report pespared by the deputation appointed to attend the conference in London, on the question of irredeemable securities. Councillor SHAW GREEN moved the confirmation of the minutes, and alluded to the question of the irredesmable securities. He said a good deal of important information was, conveyed at the conference to everyone who attended it, and some of the resolutions were come to with the hope eventually of dealing with these particular securities. They had some in Warrington called the gas annuities, and they could not compel the holders to sell. They had no power to demand such securities in exchange for any amount of money. They hoped that something would be done to convert these irredeemable securities into redeemable securitiee. The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded, and the minutes were adopted. CARRIAGE SHEDS IN eRPLEY STREET. STRONG OBJECTIONS. MESSP.S. MAGINN BROS' ACCIONS CRITICISED. It was resolved, at a meeting of the Street Improve- ment and Lighting Comm tee, that an agreement be made with Mr. Thomas Hesketh for the erection of a party wall en the south side of his pr mosee I new pre- mises in Bridge-street, that the Borough Surveyor lea instructed to report as to the cost of constructing a river wall in Bautsford-road, and that the poi tion of Lovely- lane remaining uabuilt up)n be required to be mode of the width of 40 feet. Alderman SUTTON moved the cenfirmatien of the minutra, and pointed out that the Corpereeion were gaining rene inches of land in Bridge-street by the agree- ment with Mr. Thomas Hesketh. Councilor JAMES EVANS seconded. Councillor Tteretme alluded to one of the resonetions of the Committee that "carriage sheds in Arpley-street for Messrs Maginn Brot ,ers be appyoved (conditien- ally)." In the course of some lengthy observations, the Councillor said he had had numerous complaints from householders in the neighbourhooci about the mattertand if he could find any means of getting rid of the hoard- ings and buildings at present put up he sheuld be pleased to do so, as they were most undesirable struc- tures. Hd wished he had the power pessessed by Gaon- cillor Bennett to describe them,and the ability to use the adjectives he had at his command. (Laughter). Were the buildings, if they could be called by such a name, finished, and had the btlaws of the Corpora ion been complied with ? If they had been he was exceedingly sorry, and it was at any rate high time they were in possssion of by-laws to enable them to preveet ths con- tamination of such a neighbourhood as Arpletoweeet and Wilson-Patten-street. He took it that the buildings were finished,b ecause last Thursday they were occu- pied, and cows, pigs, and sheep sold in them. The mern- bers would remember the agitation which wee caused some years ago when it was propesed to build a cattle market in the neighbourhood, and he hoped in the pre- sent instance steps would be taken to prevent the build- ings being used far their present purpose. He neticed that during the gale the horses were brought into Museum-street and exercised, although a large number of children were leaving school at the time. He would like to know if the drainage wes efficient. It seemel to him to be non-ex's!ent. He also thought the buildings e croached on the line of the stre,t, and they being of wood they must be covered with corrugated iroe. He understood also that the sale the previous Thersday was cenducted without any license from the Csrporation. He proposed, as an amendment, that the minutes of the committee be confirmed with the eeceptioa of the oral relating. to Messrs Magian., remarking that the sheds were a disgrace to the neighbourhood. Councillor BURTON seconded. C-unciller F. R. ROBERTS asked what the conclitieng were. They might make all the difference in the world. They might make tee lease less objecionable, or not objectionable at all. Alderman Hunenttssoer observed that sometime ago he mentioned to the Town Clerk the fact that the sheds were to be put up, and he then understood him to say that they would not be allowed. They we-e now fixer', and he wished to know what the conditions were. The minute said "conditionally." He was not per4nneely annoyed as a resident in the neighhonrheed, hut he did not se why sheds should be allowed at all, if they were only to he allowed for five years. Alderman ROBERTS. askel for what purpren3 the inrectures were originally required be Messrs. Maginn, and how far they had bean sanetioned by the Street Committee and the Markets Committee ? If there had been a sale of horses and cattle, he took. it that a license mess have been granted. Toe DEPUTY-MAYIR : Nothing has been granted by the Markets Committee. Alderman ROBERTS : Is it an illegal ac' ? If so there should he no time lost in preventing a repetition of it. Conneiller SHILLCOCK replied that he was in the chair at the last meeting of the Markets Committee, and the attention of the members wae called to the setts havine taken place witheut aoy sanction having he,n from the Markets Committee. Mr. Nlareinn wes given to understand that he was liable to be brou:Oat, before the ineeistrates, but he expressed hie eetretne sorrow, and said he was unaware alicense was requited as he teas telling on his n en prernisss, Cminciilor PLUMPTON sail he had also vi,ited the premises, and uesterstoed that one thine a builder hat to do was to Izo,a certifieeteithet the drainage was Thsre was no drainage there at all, !milt:els hal com- menced, and he thought the Markets Committee had ex- eseael their dute in taking toll. - Conecil!or ReOERS : They have not taken any yet. Ccyltwiik)r PLUMPTON They 11;1,70 con ioned the offence. Aldermen ROBERTS : I have just been inrorinsd by Counciller Shiliceck that they have conlcreed the offence. Couneillor Jetres EVANS del net thielr tee a ales shouln have been carte d on nnti the c.)ndiLioni I+i d ) wn had

CARTER'S UTILE I !LIVER PILLS. .is Seial. PiU. Dose. il Price. / Fortvial.y ill a, 4.,,,,,, v,.. mr. , vaill,.'S Pux .f.y-Vege- -

Caro Torpvt fiollnw Complexion, and Sck Hmclaclics promptly : anil .7,111:0 them so as to et. , oured, CD.4u.9.44ta,15. 11

W:lirrLE

===== 0002601_18990505_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
. . • . I lift

BEMITIFUL TEETH for all 'who use daily on the tooth , Allah a few drops of

• SOZODUNT

%;•.e. pleasantest dentifrica t., world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaceS between them R. nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fratxaut breath ensured. atrair SOZODONT. 28. a.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
D? LI, A

DR WI

L -!:),, L INK lill lith I, '3 ' ' ---11 , fr'l 41 (1 _ k ' - 'lroi' fLi N--i"ILIKASIVIS 1 irl A ' .1 ALF °lEdll 1— h tu 'y F °PILE, ;%, kt f i ...at

===== 0002601_18990505_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
on the contrary, do not. affect, the bowel's, but by enabling is to absorb and make

use of the nourishment in the food, they permanently cure Indigestion.

TheSy.l:'pt,s.E.ins of Inliierestion at, are, pain in the stomach, fulness or distention after meals, wind, hiccough and eructation, sickness, bile, distaste for food, a yellow tongue, loss of appetite, bad complexion, bad taste in the mouth. Indigestion neglected leads to Liver Complaint, giving rise to small imaginary floating specks clearly seen before the eyes, especially in the morning; pain between the shoulders; drowsiness; lack of appetite low spirits; bad temper. To cure these disorders move the bowels freely with some simple aperient; subsequently commence with one Dr. Williams' Pink Pill after each meal, increased to two at a dose after a week. Thousands of very severe and chronic cases have been thus permanently cured. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cannot harm the most delicate.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCOTS-GITARDSMA.N'S ENEMY.

INDIGESTION THE CAUSE OF INTENSE AGONY, Mr. James Lamble, living at 33, Gaywood-atreet, S3utbwark, London, was formerly in the Scots Guards, and since leavinl the army has been wielding the pen. He told a " Southwark Recorder " reporter the following tory : Before I h

tf the army long, that demon, indigestion, seized me. At first it seemed bet is trifling matter, but it gradually over- whelmed me coin- pletfly. I would sud- denly grow giddy and faint; the pain around mr heart was terrible. and I felt as thcuc:h I was going to die. At times I bad to seek the nearest lamp-post for 'support. People avoided me, think- ing that I was intoxi- cated, whilst all the time I was suffering intense agcny ; my heart seemsd to alme,st stop its beating.. I have also frequently eat up in bed at night wishing the end would come. I grew frightfully pale, my eyes sank in, and I could not eat because of Spasms. "I tried various msclicines, but they did me no good, and I grew despondent. I alsa went to a kospital, and afterwards to a private d -"ctor, but did no obtain re- lief.At last I read an account of the cure of Alfred Shaw, AB ex-soldier. A copy of his discharge appeared with the account, and as he had been ill with the same complaint as myself, I purchased Dr. Williams' Pink Pdla—the remecty he had successfully applied. After I had finished the first box, I inaprsved con.iderably. In all I have had four boxes, and now I look and feel so well that way friends ate struck by my remarkable cure. It is to Dr. Williams' Pink Pill that I owe my pzeseut happy condi- tion."

been complied with. Councillor Moenes said it would be like making fish of one thing and flesh of another if these buildings had been approved by the Streets Committee, because some time ago they refused permission for the erection of sheds on vacant land oppcsite Bank Quay Station, un- less they were covered with corrugated iron. Alderman SUTTON, in explanation, said the duty of the Street Improvement Committee was to see that every bu,lding was erected in compliance with the bylaws. Messrs. Maginn came before the committee at least three times, and on each occasion the plans wore sent back because they were not in compliance with the bylaws. Plans were afterwards brought, however, which were in accordance with the bylaws, and the result was that the committee had no alternative but to pass them. One of the restrictions was the construction of a corrugated iron roof. Cluncillor PLIMPTON : They have not done that. Alderman SUTTON contended that the action of the commit tee so far as they had gone was perfectly correct. They had not yet granted a certificate, nor would they do so until they were satisfied that the buildings com- plied with the bylaws. There was a difference between hoardings and sheds. They had no control over hoard- ings at present, and would not have until the new Bill of the Corporat'on had been passed. With regard to the sheds, however, they could demand that they should be placed in a tine with the buildings in the adjoining streets. They had no knowledge of the action of the Markets Committee. Was not tbe amendment irregular, because the Streets Committee lied no power to object to the passing of plans which were in accerdanca with the bylaws? TI3O TOWN CLERIC: That is so: Alderman HUTCHINSON said no application had been made to the Markets Committee, of which he was chair- man, as to what the premises were to b 3 used for. The bylaws had not been cempliel with so far as his com- mittee were concerned. He thought the buildings were an eyesore to the town. Councillor LONGTON remarked that no plan should come befere the Council with the word' conditionaliy " attacned to it—(hear, hear)—and forth at reason alone he should vote for the amendment. The Council ought not to be asked to pass plans until they had bad the entire sanction of the Streets Corn mittee. He believed that every member of the committee um at heart in sympathy with the amendment. They had only consented because they had been driven to do 83. When the plans came i before them they were a distinct breach of the bylaws, and the committee had had a great deal of trouble with Messrs. Maginn. He hoped the Council, as the conditions had not been complied with, would unanimeusly vote for the amendirvnt. Councillor F. R.Honisees said the amendment was per- fectly in order. Either the committee had power to say a corrugated mei seould be put on or that it should not. If they had what was the use of submitting a resolution such as the one on the miuutes,vrtien the conditions had not been complied wlth ? Alderman Suwon :—The hoareing was not put up by Messrs. Maginn, but by the Bilipasting Company. Councillor LONGTON But Messrs. Magiun are the lessees of the laud and are responsible. Alderman SUTTON We gave them to understand that if they put up sheds connected with the hoardings ie would be contrary to the bylaws, and that we should take proceedings against them. Couacillor Pm:metals : But they are connected with the hoardings. e Alderman SUTTON: Thee we shall not pass the plans, and they will render themselves liable tp proceedings, Ceuneillor Tuesnoet: This amendment is no intended as a vote of csnsuie, hut to strengthen the hands of the committee. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Roeesers said they seemed to be getting a little daylight on the whole eierstion. It seemed to him . that two offences had been committed. The plans were , no; in acco:da,nce with the by-laws, but the buildings ' were proceeded with, and occupied for the purpose of a sale. If that was a fact then the Marketa Committee had a right to presecate. The Street Improvement Com- mittee had a right to prosecwe f)r the oceupation of buildings whiela bad not been c qttled fit tor occupa- tion. I Councillor PLIMPTON : The Markets Committee hive i drawn toll. Trio DUPUTY-MAYOR It has been since the meeting,

t hen. Alderman ROBERTS : If an official hts veopted and condoned the offence it is unfoitunate. lc, seems toere ham been a deliberate attenapt to frustrate the by- and I hope both Committees will stand by the just rights of the Corporation and of the people in b.ny attempis t 3 do so. (flear, hear.) Alderman Surron ; lam willing to withlra w this

Lad been out CI .::).4%),;;:, , 't , t.:' /.." );•••;1 " ,--_— , •.',•4ik . , //11:ii t #''''',l'N'', ' • tiliti,\)°,,,' ,\ ~ )1 I'o t,', :1;•,10, .9!/• i . .111 '" \I ''i\ 'l' l'ii • I !II,Ori; \, \ll • '/ 11?...1\ ''‘ \ /19' ;''ii.'''li'l v 1 : ~ :,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TaF, F,XAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
DOCTORS SAID THE CASE WAS INCURABLE.

Tux story recsntly told by Miss P. Shapcott. of No. 4, Kenwin-terrace, ElLacombe, Torquay, to a local re- porter, was a surprising one. Miss Shapcott is a dress- maker, and consequently, has few opportunities for out- door exercise. " About eleven years ago," she said, "I had my first illness, and the doctors told me I was suffering from gastric ulcer. I brought up a quantity at blood on several occasions ; then the horrible pain I suffered would diminish fo: a time. About three years since, the complaint returned in a more acute form. When the abscess broke, I hoped I should got wall, bot it gathered again and became terribly painful. The doctors told me my case was incurab'e, and I was advised to go into a hospital, but this I declinod to I do. The slightest portion of solid food caused me excruciating pain, aud lived on nothing but "slops.' My face became wan and thin, and remarks on the pain I suffered were general. One day when I was at borne in a very melancholy condition, a little bock was pushed under the door, and turning over the pages I came across a cas, exactly similar to my own, that was cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I made up my mind at once to try them, and buying a I box, took the pills according to directions. I have taken , fourteen boxes, and now feel absolutely cured, which is astonishing when you remember that I suffered for eleven years. My friends regard it as really marvellous and Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are held in high esteem by them. I wish you to publish this statement, my sole purpose being that all who suffer like myself, should know that there is still hope tor them."

===== 0002601_18990505_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS IN PAIN.

INDIGESTION IN THIS CASE DEVELOPED INTO

ALARMING SYMPTOMS.

Mr. James Cook, now the landlord of the "Poet Boy," Bridge-stre.et, Efitchiu, was an engine-driver on tie G.N. Railway, for many years, and it was to ascertain the reason why Mr. Cook had relinquished hie railway work that a reporter from the " Bedfordshire Expretts 3. inter- viewed him. Mr. Cook said : "I never intended to give up the work until three sum- mers ago,when I first became ill with indigestion.lt went off for s time, but came on again and took fair hold of me, so that it seemed there was no hop.• for me at all. At last I could stand it no loneer,and had to give up rail- way work. The Citct• rs said I was suffering from chronic gastritis and ulcerated stomach, and they gave me up. Then a London doctor told me the same thing. I had a great gnawing at the cheat and back from a diseased ' liver; nothinz, that I ate would keep down ; and I was always in pain whether I had food or not. At last I was persuaded to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo reonle, and did so. At that time I was ill in bed. Before I had finished one box I found great relief, anti began to eat very well, and after taking several boxoi in all I te:ame quite well, and have never brea sick or ill since. If I had known about those pills before, I should not have been compelled ,to give up railway work. I believe I took every kind of

resolution and bring it before the CornnoiV.ee again. We will have a special .port from ciao Borough Sarvoyor. Councillor CINNION : Did Messri. Magian produce plans shosving the buildings cwored out ;id° with corru- gated iron ? Alderm La SUTTON : Ys ; and complying with the by-laws in every particttar. The minutes of te Committee were then confirmed iwith the exception of that relating to tie 811:Ai in -clues- ton. _

SOROOL AT rENDA.NCE cowarrrEE.

CONFERENCE WI I'd THE _HEA.D TE&CHERS.

_ It was resolved at a meeting of the commit,e3 Gil tt the head teacirTs of the public elementary schools of the town be asked to meet the members of this committee at the Town Flail on Friday, the 23th April, at 6 30. Councillor SHAW GFIEEN propose I the confirmation of the minutes. Eie said t oat oa Friday they had in that room almost the entire body of head-masters and mis- tresses in connection with the various elementary schools of the town. They had in tha past had a good deal of trouble, au,' occasionally there had hen a tittle friel on. They therefore considered it exp ;client to talk maters over with the head-tnasters and mistresses and see if they could not arrive at a satisfactory understand- ing rey.arding various matters. They had a most ex- cellent conference. Everyone spoke out freelv and yet kindly. The department was well sookea of, ani the officials were eulogised. As a result of the martin:4 they would be able to avoid a good many complaints. and do ' the work, perhaps, even batter than in the past. ICouncillor SIIILLCOCK secrinded, an i the minutes were confirmed. THE AC3EPTANCE OF GIFTS BY VIE MUSEUM

===== 0002601_18990505_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMIT FEE. STRONG CitIrICISVI BY COUNCILLOR F. R. ROBERTS. BROTHERS DIFFER.

The minutes of the Museum Libr try, Arts and Tech- nical Instruction Cominittle were moved by Alderman Roberts, and seconded by Councillor 1)1oults. Councillor F. IL ROBREITS stid he would like to ask if the committee had no discretionary power to refuse any offering ;ir)f rubbish which anyone chose to make to the Museum and Library. He g did not nfer to anything in the present Ist or any other particular lit, but anyone who knew anything of litervu-e or science most feel sometimes almost asharnei to admit toat such nins as were given to them found their way into their museum and librAry. It seemed to be a rub'eich tip. " Oh, no,' and" Nonsense.") There was a great deal accepted by the Committee which was nothing but rubbish, and it was filling their Musrum and Libtary. use com- mittee ought occasionally to politely refuse offers on the ground that there was no roam. (Lauzlater.) Trle DEPUTY MAYOR : Can you give us an idea what the rubbish is.

Councillor ROBERTS said the qu-,tiori svls somewhat diFfiaolt to answer. It would ue invidious for him to di so. The question sometimes occurred to his mind not as to what was iubbish bit what was not rubbish. He was laying down a broad propo4ition. He dii not think it would do anybody any halm if the corninitee exarcieed Fo.ne discretion in the matter and returned gifts with toaniss saying the committee haU ) room for them. Anyone who:read the lists of gifts must have c)me to the conclusion that 93r11.30 t iem were pure rub- bish. Counelaor 111oxxs : I think it would In better Ic

Couns.llor Roberts attended the maeting3 of the corn- mittee, and took the opp3rtucity of objecting waen tO9SA things came forward. . Councillor ROBERTS: Councillor &tanks has no right i to ris•mme that I do not attend the meetings. Councillor MoNIS said hi did not assume that. He said Councillor Rflbsrts had the right to attend and to take exception. That was the proper plase. and not at a public meeting. Toes- could not take exception to them in a public place Without giving offence. to the donors, mad rto one wished to give offencs unnec2ssarily The committee had ex I.cised its option, and refused offars which had baen made from time to time. It did Illot follow that the committee would ace pt anything and every.thiog that was being offered. Councillor Roeisfers It lo,olts like it. Coutiudior MoNks . Teo Oogrnitteo eXereiS3 Clinv- tion, and what is acceptei is considered suitable to place in the Museum. Alderman Ronturrs said in amplification of .what had been stated ire thought it Wai just a little bi'z "off " f )r a member Of the committee to corn 3 and talk in that eort of style. ' (Laughter.) It was Councilhr Fred Rob 'rts's bounden duty to raise his objactions in the proper place, and RO prevent auything in the way of a public sc He (Alderman Roberts) took exception to his ideas as to what was rubbish and what was not. He did not think that Councillor Roberts was as competent to judge— (laughter)—as may members of the committee who ha

had a long experience and unquestionable sympathy with the objects for which the Museum and Library were founded. The committee hal exercised its discre- tion occasionally, and had refused gifts. In certain cases, however, were the conemitt?n was expecting something else it accepted certain articles it did not par- ticularly want. the committee, however, though accepting them took a good deal of care where the articles were put. (Laughter.) Occasionally it sold parcels of printed mater. Councillor TINNION : Do you soli them by the pound. (L twister.) Alderman ROBERTS said that in regard to articles not saleable and not desirable for the purpose of exhibition the Committee had too much wile in the institution to allow it to be degraded by the exhibition of snch articles. Ile did not hesit..to to say that there was no provincial museum in the United Kingdom in regard to which the charge of accepting and exhibiting ruboish was riot far more likely to be correct than against their own. He did not know a place in Enzland °inside the British Museum ani Liverpool and Manchester where they had got a museum more up to date and properly 'classified and in better order than theirs. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that in future when anything unsuitable was offered to the committee their worthy memher would be :here to see that it was properly objected to. Alderman Surrox [hope-- The DEPUTY-MAYOR : Alderman Roberts has replied. Alderman Surrote I was only going to observe that I hope Councillor Roberts will take to heart the castiga- tion he has just received from his big brother. (Loud laughter.) The minutes were then approved. TOWN HALL, PARK &ND BATHS COMMITTEE. VAPOUR BATFIS.

It Wag resolvei by the committee that two vapour baths bs purebasei fdr use in the gentlemen's baths ; and that the best thank of the cntnnsittee be given to Mrs. Bridge for her zift of 20 small fishes. Councillor HSiTON moved the adoption of the minutes and

COLIRCIIIOr SMETHURST 82c3nded. Councillor BissnErr wished to know whether it was intendel t) have Turk's U baths. Toey would, he said, be acceptable to a l4rge number of ratepayers. Councillor HELTON said the committee would carry out the whole of the original scoeme as early as the Council would provide them who funds. It was a question more for the Council than the committee. The minutm wereapproved. MARKETS COM NIIrTEE.

kidermin aIITCLEINSON MOVei ti e confirm stion of the minutes. _ _

COURCiIIOr RnGERS seconded. Councillor BURTON tiol”d the Committee would n)

Wall a licence for the sale of horses in the neigtibmr- hood of Arpley-slreet until tho matter proviously dis- cussed had been settled by the Council. Inc DEPUTIr-MA.YOR: The Town Clerk says you can- not do it.

The minutes were adopted. GAS COAMITTEE.—LABOUR SAVING MA.CHINERY. It was reported at a meeting of this Cou.mittee that the average illumina'inc., ow:tic of the gas 'for the past month was equal to 1866 candles. It was resolved that the tender ot Mr. Frank Wa,rhurton for the ere3tion of new offioes at Llogford at £l,lOO be accepted, and that of Mr. Thomas Smith, of 11)dley, to supply a locomotive steam crane at £4.85. Toe DepurY-MaYoa pr:masod the confirmation of the rinnutes. Councillor ficarroN secondrod. Councilor SmaTELURST VIOUVIt WaC too large a stun to spec for a crane. He behoved there was scarcely any coke to stack. Tee DZPUTY-HAYOR said the crane would stack to the -amount.of three or four thousand tons of coke. CalanCill3r SMETRUEST Yoa d,on't want it. The DEPUTY IItIAYOU : It is obliged to be taokei in winter.

• C macillor IitEA.TON 1111 that with the crane instea.d of the cost of stickiug beingtennerics per t 3 az at present, the crahe would reduce the o,3st to fourpeuce. Councillor LONGTON said the crahe WAS largely in- teniQd to relieve the disagreeable labour of stacking which generally' hid to be dm° in bid weather. Saml of the men went away ratter than do the work of stack- ing clke in wiuter. The minutes iv,,,re then pissed. RIVERS CO limirrEz. • TELE COLLISION ON THE RIVER.

At a meeting hel:1 on 28:h April, the following letter froalth rnprnentative of. the Corporation on the Upper Mers)y NAvigittion Commt.,sion Nam 1- a I :—"B Lgehtord, Chethire, April 18th, 1839. To the Chair- mai of the Rivers Committee. IYiar Sir,—l enclose agenda, of Upper Mersey Commissioners' meeting

held at Runcorn on Monday. April th, together with, statemeat of accounts tor year ending December 3let 189 d. A discussion aroseas to the reepensibilities of the Commissioners with reepect to a celeieion between craft using the river and the Resistance: owned by Monks, Hall and Co.; also as t the right of piacine such beats in the river to be broken up. I maintained that the Upper Mersey Cemmissioners had no rieht to prevent th ma, long as they were properly light el and not dangerous t nevieation, and appealed an to the rights of the Doeh Board in the Lower Mersey. It was ttateee found that they have no p.iwers to prevent craft being beached for breaking up, and the diseussion at once closed. The channels were repotted between Buell Quay and Fiddlers Ferry narrow and serpentine; Fiddlers Ferry land Runcorn, very good ; Runcorn and Gersten, wind- ing; they are well baoyed and lighted.—Yours feithfully, RICHARD T. FAIRCLOI7OII." The minutes were agreed to on the motion of Alder- man ROBERTS seconded by Ceencillor EIESTON. ELEC TRIO LIGHTING COMMITTEE. At a meeting held on the (We April it was resolved that Mr. Dees be authoriz od to put down a trial boring at Wharf Meadow to ascertain the strata,and at another meeting, the committee considered e plan submitted by Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons. for an exchange of land in Howley, when it was decided that in the opinion of this committee, it is desirable that an exchange of land be effected subject to the proposed new street being continued along the bank of the river. The minutes were approved on the motion of Coun- cillor lamas. seconded by Councillor HEATON. FEE FEATHERS aorEr, AGAIN. THE QUEeTION OF RE-ISUILDING. The General Purposes Cenernittee recommended "That the Town Clerk be instructed to report upon the land available, and the steps to be taken, for the re-building of the Feathers Hotel in Bridge-etreet." The DEPUTY-MAYOR moved the adoption of the minutes. Be did nit know, he said, whether any mem- ber had anything to say with regard to the resolution concerning the Featnere Hotel. For hie own pert he thought there were more public-housys in Bridge-street than were necessary. He would like to see it puled down. Alderman ROBERTS: If you Will move a reiolution to that effect I will second it. The DEPUTY-MAYOR: V.'ry well then I wit move that the Feathers Hotel be not re-built. Councillor SMETE/17RST : IS that in order? Councillor BLUMPTON: If the Chairman is out of order whom are we to ask? Aldermen Surrore seconded the confirmation o! the minutes. Alderman Rosettes thought it would be quite consis- tent with the proper feeling of the Corporation and its duty to the ratepayers to allow the license to Ipe. Tire Manchester Corpo:ation during the last few years had allowed to lapse no less than tweety at an estimated cslit of £86,000. The London Couetv Council had al- lowed lic-nses to the value of £300,000 to lapse, and there were numerous oth,r instances. The Feathers Hotel had been purchased for a public impr ivernent,9.nd they as a Corporatioa might rise above the sordid con- dition of mere pounds, seining!, and pence, and do the decent thing by allowing the licence to go. Councillor Trenewee If we pass this resolution will it be possible to raise the question again? The DEPUTY MAYOR: Certainly. The TOWN CLERK: It does not commit us. The DEPUTY MAYOR: The matter will Is r broueht be- fore the General Purposes Committee, and you will he able to object then. Councillor BENNETT : If we rebuild it, it is competent for the Corporation to run it themseves. I have a large amount of sympathy with reasonable temperance re- form, and I think the municipal management of a house would tend that way. The DEPUTY MAYOR) Will the Town Clerk have to be landlord. (Laughter.) Alderman ROBERTS : He already holds the license. Councillor BENNETT : It would be a very favour tble opportunity of making al experiment in regard to the municipal zetien of public-houses. Councillor ELLISON : I ()Met to becoming a share- holder in this coacern. I think it would be wise to let it dr( F. Couucillor SHAW GREEN said he noticed in the pro- ceedings of the London County C uncil that four similar houses were to be taken down for a like purpose. The question team° up whether the licenses were to be dropped or the licenses continued or an attempt male to get something for them. The giving up of the license would undoubtedly benefit the other houses which re- mained and the question arose how much ought the re- maining homes to be taxed if these sv( re dispf nsed with. If the Corporation gave up the license in Bridge-street the town ought to get the benefit of it by the increased taxation of thcee remaining. Councillor HEAToN IHQught they had no right to throw away £21,000. They had three public-houses which they had paid something like that for, and he did not see that they had any rieht to give them away. It woule only make the rest of the public-houses better, and he for one would not agree to set the irewers an example with the poor people's money. Alderman ROBERTS : We don't propose to dispose of the three heuses, only wit i this one, eel the ground that it is net required. There telly be just as good reasons for retaining the other two as there are for dispensing with this one. Mier:nen Stenos Raid the property belonged to the ratepayers, and they heel no right to give it away, be- cause it didn't meet with the views entertained bysome members of the Council. He had the greatest respect for their views, but at the same time he did not see that they should act contrary to the interests of the town. The General Purposes Committee did not past the resolu- tion witheut serious consideration. If it was desirable that the Corporation should manage the house, well acd good. His own opinion was that they ought to make money out of it. Some people thought the Corporation had ptid for it. He coneidered they got it very eheap'y. Alderman HUTCHINSON' mid it would be a mistake to allow the license to [awe. The minutes were them approved, several of the mem- bers, however, ditsenting.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE ItEV. P J

BYRNE.

On Monday evening, at St. Ann's Dannettait. School- room. Warrington. a large number of parishioners assembled on the occasion of making a presentation to the Rev. P. J. Byrne, who for the last four and a half years has been curate of St. Ann's Church, and who hai accepted the curacy of St. Peter's, Birkdale. The pre- sentations took:the form of a silver tea and coffee service with salver, a framed photograph of the Bhb'e Class,and an album containing the names of the subscribers. The Vicar, the Rev. J. Davies' °resided, and wae supported by Councillor Baird and Messrs. Armstrong, Richards, Bretherton.a.nd Warner. The ViCaa said that Mr. Owen, the churchwarden, and Mr. Glover were unable to be present. Their gathering was pleesent because of the fact that there were so many present to snow their eeteem for Mr. Byrne a..nd regretful because they were met to say fare- well to him. He would however substitute tor farewell God weed. (Applause.) Mr. ARMSTRONG, the hon. secretary of the Testimonial Cemmitare, said it was in response to a general wish that it AMA decided to make a presen:ation to Mr. Byrne. IThe manner in which the subscriptions had come in hed Isurpats4cl their most sanguine expectations. They had received large and small aMOUlatd, from the most note- ble people in the town to the very humblest of their parishionore. In addition to the congregational present the members of the Bible Class decided to make Mr. Byrne a preaent. He (Mr. Armstrong) code not help expressing his deep sense of the loss they were an taming by losing Mr. Byrne, and he was sure the work he had done in that parish would make itself manifest for a long time to come. (Hear, bear.) Mr. RICELARDS, on behell of tne members of the Bible Class, then presented Mr. Bryne wite the framed photo- graph, and made a few euitible ranark a regarding the esteem which he had earned. Be hoped he would nave heat and happiness in his new sphere of labour.—Me. G. Eioughtoe suriperted. . Councillor BAIRD, in making the congregational pre- sentation to Mr. Byrne, said that since he had been among them he had endeared himself to them all, and they wisW him God speed in his now undertaking. The p or of St. Ann's would greatly miss him for his kindness to them in his daily walks round the parish. In presenting that sm di ton of their regard he heped Mr. and Mrs. Byrne would live for many years to look upon it, and to think of the people ho Wsriiegton who subscribed for it. (Applause.) The in:cription on the salver read as follows :—" St. Ann's Church, Warrington. Presereed 4;3 the Rev. Philip Joseph Byrne on May Ist, 1899, on his leavine, after a curl y of over four years. by the members oi the congregation and Mende, as a mark of their appre- ciation of his work in the parhsb, and a token of their good wishes for Ifs future. MC. BRETRERTON said they were losing a painstaking and persevering weraer. Be was hopeful that he might have been induced to stay, but the end was that they were Thee, to take their leave of him and pies nit him with a token of their zespect ana esteem. Be trusted teat in his new sphere he would be much blessed by Goa and be permitted to see good result issuing from his labour. He drew attention to the fact t iat at only load churc'e- men subseribed to the teitimonial, but otuer denomina- tions were well reprcs ntee. , Mr. WARNER Siii it augarei well for the future that Mr. Byrne's tirss effort seated hive met with suce suc- ' cess. (Heat, hear.) Tele Rev. P. J. BYRNE returned thanks in a speech of : some length. H i revise:el the work in the parish during ' the time he had been the:a, and spoke of the many good i i friends he had Londe, and said he found it difficult to bid ° them farewell. He ttoinked teem all very sincerely for 1 their kind expreseions and handsome gifts. (Applause) e LINSI3BO COMPOUND " (Trade Mark) gives Ex.

Sod by Cli-..trni3t3

peztoration wIhU strain, onlv. —Advt. LINUA CA.TFIMITIOTTM: PILLS digestive, corral- dye, and agre?,ably aperient, 9,11., 130.-0 f all Obernists.—Advt. 00AGULINIL—TRA.NSFAIONT CEMENT for broken artieles.—Advt.

A STRANGE STORY FROM

FULTON'S LIMITED ',.RICHMOND AND COMPANY

LIMITED. FEMALE CANVASSERS.

Oa Monday aftern 'on in the Court of Appeal, Lorda Justices A. L. Smith, Vaughan Williams and R. Romer Leard an appeal in the curious caae of Fulton's Limited v. Richmond and Company, London and Warrington.— This was the plaintiff company's appeal from an order of Mr. Justice Day, who had amended paragraph 8 of the Richmond Company's defence, part of which the Master had struck out as being scandalous and irrelem. vant. _ _

Mr. Cannot (with whore Was Mr: R.M. Bray, Q.C.) said he appeare I for the plaintiff conapAny.4ncl the facts that gave rise to the ?present applicari4n were, t) say the least of it, peculieir. Teel pla?ntiffs were a !united com- pany, carrying on a !arm business as advertising 000 tractors in all parts of Ragland. Their mode of pushing other people's goo Is was a novel one, an I consisted in sending down lady canvassers and interviewers in charge of a gmtlematewho acted as business manager, to intro- duce to the uotice of the public, by house-to-house calls, any particular article they might have undertaken to push the sale of. roe defeniaate were gas stove maeu- facturers,and employed the plaintiffs to push the sale of their gis stove by C anvasaine Certain districts and towns. Thea the plaintiffs had with the defendants w Thil should seed to work Certain districts sad s a thati.r a at gheeme towns sets of canvassers, consisting of four ladies and s mate superintendent, the defendants payine £lB per week per set for periods of not less than 13 weeks for each set. At the tim3 of the aersement two sets were engaged on these terms,but afterwards there were more. This novel plan answered so well that the defendants were inundated with orders obtained ia this way. The Richmond Stove Company had a fire at their premises, and for a time their eutpat of s-,eves eras reatrieted,aed on this account they, in July. 1893, entered into a fresh agreement with the plaintiffs, ter which only four sets, consisting of three lady canvassers esce instead of four, were to be employed instewl of fire sets, but the period during which each se',' then engaged was to go on working for the Me eianti was ext lathed from a limit period ot 13 weeks, except in th 4 case of one set, to Decemeer 31, 1893, the charge for each set as befere, being £lB per week. In September the plaintiffcona- pme were informed that from that date the defen- dant company cane el id th ) existine c intralt, and all work under it caiel. The plaiatiffs t aereuoon. claimed some £5OO odd, which they estimated woald have been the profit, after paring waees, Ss e, had the contract coltinued until De Itmeer, 1593. The defend- ants, however, refueed to entertain the claim, and gave as their reason that it was a condition of tne contract that the ledies engagel as caneessers seouti be women of geed character, and that the plaintiffs had tailed to fulfil their part of the contract in this particu- lar. They also, in their defence, denied that teem had been anything like the amount of business done through the pleineff company's servants that tee plaintiffs had alleged. The plaintiffs th)reupen commenced tnis ac- tion, an 1 the defendeces denied liability for the amount claimed, ant in their defence sot up this and other reasons why the cent' act could properly be cancelled by themselves. Paragraph Bof the defeece was as follows: —"The plaintiffs durine the currency of the said agree- ments did not employ four women on each such staff, nor such women as were efficient or fitted for such work as aforesaid.ner were all such women of good character, as the ulein•iffs' managing director well knew. The p'aintiffs when the defence was filed, went before a Master and Applie Ito have this paragraph after the words "good Oaralrer." sun.* out as being son: •11loos and irrelcvant.The Mester acc,eled tothe application,and the defeadants appliel to Mr. Justice Day at Chambers. The learned judge, when he heard that each set of can- vassers was comes ei of heir ladies an i one male super- intendent, expressed his opieion that such an arrange- ment wa - only suitable tcr a Mohammedan harem —(leughtel)—ind ought t 3 be inquired into. The teemed Counsel said he himself pro-ested that the Mae ter's order ought th cane, toe learned Judge could not get the h4retn eut of his mind—(more laughter;— and said he must adjourn roe matter for affidavits as to facts to be filled be the ladies— (lauehter)—and answered be the plaintiff's company's manager. Ween the matter was again before Mr. Jus'ice Day he read the only two affidavits wirch the defendants could induce their staff to file. Both of thorn &flied that anything

more than sugges ed p)ssible impropriety; was eve attempted on the part of the plaintiffs' manager, am.,l he submitted that the affilevits amoun:ed to nothing at all. Mr. Jestiee Day still harped on the "herein "—(m re laughter)—ana said he weuA amend the la4t part of the paragraph, by adding, in place of the wores struck out by the Master, the following, " nor were they so treated by the mariaeing dirt ,ctor in connection with the said lowliness." Now, if that amendment meant anything, it reff--cted very Foriously oa toe in anagiag. director, who had filed an affidavit denying that his Jocular re narks made on one occasion to one of the deponents amounted to anything more than a peoce of pleasantry. Aeauming that there was anythieg at all in teese allegations, there would be no defence to an action brought by the com- pany, and the comp "iv were the plaintiff 4. In coeclu- sion, he asked that the arnecdment made by the Master might stand. Mr. Kamp, Q.C. (and Mr. Ellis Hill with him) appeared for the defendant company, and contended that the amendment of the lea:ned Judge should stencil • Lord Justice A. L. Smith said the affidavits did not Support the allegation made of improper conenct, nor substantiate the clefendaets' plea that the women em- ployed by the plaintiff's company were not of good character. Wnatever might be proved at the trial, it appeared to him that this was no defence againsc: the plaintiff company's claim to payment. The amendment made by Mr. Justice Day would be struck out,a.nd this paragraph in the defence would end at the words " good character." The appeal of the plaintiff company to have the amendment of the Master restored was, accordingly, allowed.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SHAKESPERIAN RHCCTLLAT WA.IIRINGTOM

Mr. George B. Williams and his sisterXiss Minnie M Williams of New York, gave r.-hakeeperean re- citals in the Co-operative Hall, Warrington on Fri- day evening and Tuesday evening. Friday even- ing was occupied by hr Williams in "King Henry the Fourth." His impersonation of each of the Characters was a distinct suecess but he was seen at his best in dealing with Falstaff, his treatment of the part being very humorous. Ptz”sessing a good voice and very considerable powers of ex- pression,Ntr Williams ranks amongst the highest in his class. Miss Williams on Tuesday evening gave a recital of the pastoral comedy, "As You Like lt." Her charming personality undoubtedly exercised. much influence on her listeners, and the heartfelt applause at the close was a sign of the appreciation of her efforts. Audrey was a character that was most skilfully depicted, and particularly in this rot Miss Williams showed her powers of facial exprea sion and her strong gifts of cemetly. Iti the delinea- tions of the male characters she was exceptionally geed. Both recitals were particularly successful. P unLIC BENEPIT UNDBR THE CLOCK FOR BEST , BOOTS IN LANCASHIRIL —Advt. WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERcE. On Monday, at a meettng of the Council of the above Chamber, held at Market-gate Chambers, Alderman Roberts in the chair,the Secretary (Coun— cillor Bennett), read a letcer he had received fro=. the Ship Canal Company stating tnat it did not appear to be practicable for the present to utilize • the lay-bye at Stag Bridge for local traffic. A hope was, however, expressed by the Council that the ex- isting difficulties would to ) ultimately overcome,and that Warring:on, would be able to take due advan- tage of its petition on the great water way. A communication was read from the Liverpool Cham- ber in opposition te the Bill introduced by the Government relating to alunicipal telephones, and asking the Chamber to support the nationalizetion of the system in the United Kinedotn. The Coun- cil were of opinion that the public interests would. best be served by the nationalization of the trunk lines and by the iaauguration of a municipal service for local purposte4 in each nmighourhood,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR RECO R. jp FJTPUT

has been mado during the last six months. Yes, during the last half-year, we hsve sold more tet, than we ever sold in any other h Ilf-v.ar throughout all our nine-and-twenty years of trading.

Twenty-nitte years' goo', chtracter ; and most good work during the last half-yetr : villtt better proofs could there possibly be of good service to The People?

===== 0002601_18990505_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Brooke, Bonds' Tea

Sold by 30,000 Agents Prices: 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, & 2/- a lb.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
1,(" 04,4 ct BRi eis , ; 4 2/ c

LIMITED,

Tea 141erelytnts by Apoointrnent to The People ; Tni LA.NCASELIRE T. WAREHousEs : 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG AIILL3ATE, MANCIFLOYIEM

AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LOXDON

===== 0002601_18990505_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"ill a _ - ... 1 i

===== 0002601_18990505_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
eirainintr " Orries 01 tLIWASHIE AND CICISHIBE COUNTY NEWSPYPEIIB: Comprises PRE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- -11418,5 every tiaturnay morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 1 every Friday afternoon. THE St. Miens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday _IL morning, rrHE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning

PIMPAID ADVBRTISEMBRTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO ME LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC AETICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLE. Three Six

One

Week.

Weeks.

Weeks.

18 27 38 45 is 6d ... 3s 8d ... 6s Od

===== 0002601_18990505_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel.

FiLIM RUBBBR STAMP to Agents SeMax my STAMPS —B. G. BOBINSIN, 3. Crown-street, Bolton.

WANTRD strong GIRL. age about 17. Apply Mrs. EIMMER 7, Union-street. Southport.

WANT RD, a first-class BNGINBBR'S BLACKSMITH.— THOMAS Joinveort, Preecot-street, Wigan.

IVANVIL), strong YOUTH to live In; knowledge of farm work.—Apply JoEIN EDWARD ASTBURY. Mars- land-road. Sale.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1848 or earlier, 1892 or later; also last Arctic; £2 each given.—MAJOß Tomm, DroitwieO.

AGIDITS WA.NTED to handle a splendid invention t costs ld. and sells like wildfire at sd.—OkowN INK 00., Kingstown. Ireland.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS. Everything. Wholesale Book free (ainvisser's Catalogues 1s) Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY', Factor. Birmingham.

CLOWBRIDGS Baptist Schools. near Burnley. A Certi- Boated Infants' Mistress ; 50 children ; salary R6o. Apply with testimonials, jails FARNWORTS, Clewbrldge, Burnley.

ACTIVH MEN and WOMEN WANTED, everywhere, to earn rom be to 25s per week in spare time or evenings; send for p•,rticularc—Box (41), Eclipse Works,B9, Aldersgate- street, London.

PARTNBR WANTED in old-established estate agent and valuer's business in the North of England ; profits over £800; partner receives half share for £2,ooo.—Apply W. F. CHAMBERS, Solicitor. Denton, near Manchester.

PIAN° and ORGAN AGBNCY.—To Foremen, Time keepers and others, or those wanting a Piano or Organ. Wanted an Agent in every town and village to -introduce Pianos, Organs and Musical Boxes on the New Purchase System, in which there is no agreement to sign, a large discount being given and the payment a fixed one of 2s 6d per week (only 4d per day). wt ether you select an organ at or a Piano at £l5, or one at P.. 50. Good terms to _ . .

Ants and splendid bonus. You can introduce easily if YOU- bave one to ,how, so we suggest Agents have either a Piano or Organ (which will always be earning you money), Apply SECRETARY. 246, Harrorw-road London. W.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Momtstft goerbants,

WANTHD a GHNERAL.—Hawthorn House, Coppull, Chorley.

-IAT A.NTBD STRONG GlRL.—Apply FARMER'S ARMS, V Rush Green, Lymm, i

-vvANTED, experienced GENERAL; good wages.-20, RUSSELL-ROAD. Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTBD, a good SERVANT ; references required.— Apply Mrs. DAWSON, 29 Friargate, Prestou.

WANTEL, good GENERAL Servant; give references.— A4dress Mrs. J. HULSE, Deanrow, Wilmslow.

WANTRD. good GICNIMAL SHRVANT, with character ; Protestant —Apply HARTLEY. 25, Carr-road, Nelson.

TvANTED, at once, Good.GENBRAL SERVANT, need to public.—Apply Gamma, Dog Inn, Cowhill, Old ham.

WANTED, good plain COOK; dairy. two cows. Also House•Pariourmaid.—Apply, Mrs. Slum, Shandon, Tenbury.

LADIRS can get suited with good servants by applying to VERNON'S Registry Office. 9, High-street, Crewe, Cheshire.

WANTED good GENERAL , able to cook and do plain. ironing ;no washing. Apply Mrs. WEBSTER, Hack- ley House, Prescot,

WANTED, respectable GIRL for general work; comfort- able home ; light situation.-39, HOLLAND-ROAM, Liseard, Cheshire.

VIANTED, GIRL, clean. respectable; from 14 to 16. in a family of three.—Loßn, Highfield, Clifton-road, Eccles, Blanchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, able to wash, iron and plAin cook; good wages.—Apply 20, Asa - STREET. Southport.

WANTED. a good active GENERAL for Public; One to WftEih•—CEMETEBY HOTEL, 72, Boardman-et., Barpurhey. Manchester.

WANTED. FARM SERVANT WOMAN, for 20th May; good milker.—Apply dAmEs HAWORTIIt Moulden- Water Farm, near Blackburn.

WAIII RD, a respectable GIRL. as General Servant; must be clean; light duties.—Apply 112, CECIL-STREET, Greenheyes, Manchester.

WANTED, USEFUL HELP, or GENERAL, with good character; wages etc., on application.—Mrs. FOSTER. 21, Bcdfor-street, Ehyl.

INT ANTED, COOK AND HOUSEMAID. voung ; must have good references.—Apply between four and seven to 64, PARK ROAD, Southport.

WANTED. COOK-GENERAL. young ; other 11.1 p kept; good wages; washing put out small family.—Mrs. UNEs, 011imoer, Stalybridge.

WANTED. respectable GIRL as General. Family three.— Mrs. IitrTTERwoRTH. 35, Church-road, Chorlton-cum- Hardy. Manchester.

WANrED working HOUSIIKBEPRII, who understands ponitry. baking and small dairy.—Apply Mr.. HEAT- RACY, Uppingtoll, Wellington, Salop.

WANTED. good strong GIRL, about 20, train as COOK; gentleman's family in the country.—Mrs. BaYNING. Highgate House. Kirkham, Lancashire.

IVI.RS. SMITH'S Registry. 3, Trinity-buildings. Llan- dudno (established twelve years).---Cooks. Generals and Housemaid-Waitresses wanted at once; fare paid.

WANTBD. good COOK. country; family email; house- maid-vraltre3B kept ; Protestant. —Mrs. THRELFALL, Oatterall House, Garitang.

vsrAIV'ED, strong GENERAL for summer months; good wages. Apply Mrs. GOWING, Eagle and Child, Weeton, Kirkham, Lateashire.

WANTIM, strong GIRL. about 4, to assist in house- work.—Apply, BaTTEasar, 189, Upper Aughton- road, Birkdale, Southport.

ti:aAngdefinecyld:_roa M EielliectlSLerv2aBn 471%;atierr)tonnecaer tvenerepool: Housekeeper, and Cook.

WANTED, trustworthy GENERAL. at once, for family of three; plain cooking: washing.—miss BErmicm,, Wellclose Lodge, Chapel en-le-Frith.

'INT ALUM). COOK, church, ace 23 to 35, two In family.— V V Apply by letter stating age and referenee.Miss CRANE 'Royston Lodge. Whalley Rouge, Manchester.

WANTED, HOUSEMAID, age about 3) ; good needle. Woman; English or scotch Church; Waitress kept. —Apply to Hrs. C. J. Bisnoir, Hillside. St. Helens.

WANTBD, smart young GIRL as a General Servant, good home and no washing, wages 3s 64 per week ; good references indispensable.—Apply 16, HARDY-STREET, Liver- pool. ---Th VV

ANTED, House-Parlour-Maid, experienced ; age 2.5-28 Six in family ; Housemaid kept; no washing; stat wages and length of reference. Mrs. MaRRINER, Worthvill. KeighleY. Yorks.

QICRVANTS (No Booking Fee) of all classes write or call. Hotel end Private Servants waiting engagements. Good Wages.--ICEPSE.39 EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 39, Howarth- street, Longslght, Manchester.

_ W ANTED. strong respectable GIRL. where another is kept ; must be able to wash and act as general In public house; mnst hwe good references.—Apply after 1 /),m., 37, BATH-BT., Prince's Dock. Liverpool.

S-- OUTHPORT.—WANTRD Rood CIRNERAL and *MUSH- MAID-NURSE. No objection to sisters. Registry offices need not reply. Bend p ,rticulars and wages.— IKAWDSLEr, 9, Lancaster-road, Ilirkciale, Southport.

WANTED Situation as GROOM-GARDENER, or Odd Man ; 2.) years' experience with all kinds of cattle; good milker ; married, 2 children; good character; leaving through giving up business,—Apply —( POWELL, Aha -ton. near Barnsley.

VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD SEND

3 STAMPS FOR ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. SIMPLE, SAFE, RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE

MADAME FARLEIGH, 160, HACKNEY ROAD,LONDON, pia

nointOtir gotrbantl, Su.

CINO, tioultrp, Scr.

TO LIST.—HOUSI9 No. 6, Academy-street. —Apply VPODS & SON, Bolioitors, 55. Horsensarket-st.reet, WarriNgton.

Vuhltrattoms.

EVERY MAN

SIIFFERING froin.ge-;:ou—s—aild Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements my be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sea rested, post free. Address— E. NORTON, 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O betel:Welled 30 :rears.

balts bp Vrtbate Ereatp.

500 GROSS i screws. 2e 6d doz. gross ; long wire nails 12s 6d cwt.—LEOPIRD. Wandsworth.

STAMMEHING scientifically cured ; every case successful; terms moderate.—R. TERRY, Norwood. Redditah.

JJAHLIAS, 500 Varieties, best, true, cheap. Catarogues free. Purchasers naming this paper receive Extras.— DEVON CHRYSNATEMIUM NURSERY, Teignnsouth.

BEAT-ALL POLISH IitIiVIVSR makes furniture and leather goods like new; sample 7 stamps; good Agents Wanted.-- BOUGHTON'S, Limited, Thetford.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ords.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.

,SaitO hp 13rtbate Zrtatp.

BOILER FLUID Remmington's. Forest Gate. Removes incrustation. pn.vents primage, no acid; used 53 years.

O'BRIRN'EI Celebrated BILLIARD TAWAS and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapPEt xables Re-Cushioned and Re-Uovered.---I. O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

Q END for Pr el List of th newest designs of Surgical Ap- plisnees, Reliable Cheap, Du-able. 3 samples Is, 6d. Returnabie.— Mirraopoursx SURG.OLL RUBDER Co., 39, Howarth-street, Longsight, Manchester.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROtt

partmento, Sr eurnisbebses

===== 0002601_18990505_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU TO NO TICE THIS.

T HANN a Quantity of Good GOVIHINWAINT GOOD 3, I. passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t by 31t ,. 2 6 Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large Dark tirey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats Government All leather Heldstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags. with wide Leather Strap ••._•••• 1 6 Good All-we .1 Rugs, 4lbs. weight. 3ft by 6tt Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 461 n by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Rveletholes. 461 n by 42in '3 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings' per pair Shoulder 134 gs, large size, withSnonlder Straps 1 Horses Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 o Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather. 25ft long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen .ed sheets, lift by bft ... 2 6 Carringe or Doc'. Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarpa,hlin Covers, made up to any size, is per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage pild to your home, from H. I Gesson, Government ContrActor, Bye.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
AND FREE FROM CARPS

INVALUABLE INFOxMATION SENT FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A PIWAIINENT PROFESSOR,

Otorito, A3nsturcsseq, cu.

enrlegt

1 S. WHEKLY will secure BICYCLE; stamped envelope.— I. Inv rcrombie, Gunnersbury.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE AT ONCE To

J. WILLS, & CO., 61, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNOYING TO _ CYCLISTh.

After paying ten guineas for a oycl7, to find the sani high grade Machine could be obtained for £9 ss, viz :—Built to order with NEW KYNOOI-1 or B. S. A. (new genuine) fittings, with the lightning detachable " Reliance " tyres, on beaded edge rims Nigi.ly finished, beautifully enamelled and plated. Dunlop or Palmer tyre charged only moderately more. Special terms to the Trade for Frames and Wheels. WHITE STAR CYCLE FRAME AND WHEEL COMPANY, 101, TITHEBARN-STREET, LIVERPOOL. _ CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES! OVER 110-00- MACHINES.

THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL eF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THR POPULAR MAXIMS,

INCL 'DING Royal Enfield, Rudge-H, hitworth, Elswick. New Howe, Beeston and Coventry Humbers' Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley &c., &c. Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards. Easy terms of payment, from 10s. per month. Secondhand Machines from 25. Wri: eat once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FLAIR DiFFREENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle.

WILLIAM LEA, "myKti" LYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LimpooL.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX MIN Ell,

MAY sth 1899

THE CLIANOELLOR of the The Eclips, of Sir :a. EXCHEQUER had a sudden Hicks-Beach.

rise with the formation of the present Government. He seemed to be the - strong man of the group. He was the man with the least nonsense about him of any of them. When occasion called for strong speech he was 'ready with it, and when strong actions were• required he was equally to be relied upon. We remember how he seemed to lead when fears were - expressed about the Soudan advance involving us in anyßritish expenditure, and with what a revul- sion of feeling we had to pay down our hundreds of thousands. When he was eloquent about there being worse things than war he obtained applause. It seemed as if we could rely upon his patriotism, and that he was a resisting force against all absurdities and erratic courses. How does he stand now? As a prophet he is discredited, as a guardian of our finances against raiders he appears to be losing ground, and as an orthodox financier he suffers from the contagion of bad com. pany. He anticipated a surplus in order to meet the demand of men he seemed unable to resist, and he has now grabbed advantages accruing in. years to come in order to avoid asking the coun- try to contribute more money to payfor the policy of the Government n nv. These are acts cf weak- ness, and if they are to bo described as clever they savour of the cleverness known ir the City, and associated with co npanies whose recordis not of the orthodox kind. His financial expedients can- not be defended without ridiculing financial purism and lugging in extraneous matters. The fact stares us in the face that he has avoided asking the supporters of the Government to vote new taxes for the payrn 3nt of new burdens. This

electioneering, and not patriotic finance. The nevv taxes he has ventured to impose will disturb our relations with witn-growing countries. and with our wine-producing colonies, at a time, when we wish to do more trade with the one and enter upon closer and more friendly relations with the other. The small payers of income-tax will have to contribute the bulk of the n 3w light wine duties. The stamp duties on bonds will reduce our financial business with the colonies, and begin change in the centr ti financial position of Lon- don which may have serious consequences. wet aan but applaud him for resisting the temptation to obtain favour by guaranteeing a Rhodesian Railway; but the fact is injurious to. the repute- ion he had obtainel aalyagst his friends of an Tinperial Chancellor. He has proved himself to be so weak that we have lost confileric 3 in his sagac- ty and his strength. Surpluss make life easy for any Chancellor. It is when delis aaive that we find out of what mottle thy are m tde. Expendi- ure goes on gaily until novel policy begins to ing,.

Cre£l,E Chan affect tatin had ende

crease it, and when the bill comes in it is the Chancellor of the Exchequer whose reputation is affectei. Sir M. HICKS-BEACH has lost his repu- tation as a financier; and if the House of Commous had voted as it thinks, his Budget would have ended the Ministry.

SOME useful points in The Majority Licensin' the majority report of the Report. Licensing Commission inay be considered. The minority report is that With which the name of LORD PEEL is associated, and this is not referred to on the present occasion. It is admitted that drunkenness is still a gigantic evil, and that "hardly any sacrifice would be too great" which would tend to its diminution. To reduce the number of houses and to simplify the law are held to be important points. As to the law, some of the suggestions made would improve administration. It is recommended that the Licensing Court should be a body chosen annually by each petty sessional bench, and numbering not lase than three or more than seven. The appeal Court should be appointed by county and borough justices, and the number should be fixed by the Home Secretary. For county boroughs the justices should appoint a fixed num- ber, and the Recorder should be ex-officio chairman. No change in hours is reCOM- tended. Temporary suspension of licenses instead of fines is recommended in some cases, re- gistration instead of endorsement, and the regis- tration of all clubs. As to reduction of licenses, a scheme is suggested based on compensation "equi- valent to the fair intrinsic selling value of the license and goodwill." The money is to come from the trade itself by an annual tax of one-third per cent., off-licenses to be included, hotels and res- taurants to pay on a scale of one-sixteenth of their Tateable value, clubs to contribute, and the rent of new licenses, determinable by public tender, to be added. The scheme would work in septennial periods, and at the beginning of each period a sum could be borrowed to operate with, secured upon the tax. Every county or borough could thus as- certain how many licenses it could extinguish in seven years. We are very much afraid the num- ber would be very small. On the vexed el:lesbian of tied houses the majority report is not decisive. They do not think it leads to more drinking. Its good working depends on the brewer. The abolition of the system is regarded as impracticable, and that of dual licenses would not work well. Toe licensee should be, it is thought,the only person dealt with by the licensing authority, and in the event of misbe- haviour the house as well as the license should be affected. It is further held to be established that adulteration by retailers with deleterious ingre- dients is not demonstrated. The at:Ando of the majority towards local option or local control is decidedly negative, but it is said that "iii the event of municipalities being empowered to ac- quire licensed premises we see no reason for objecting to such a proposal, as far as the licens- ing laws are concerned." It is noted,however,that :if there were no compensation municipalities Would claim to take over the liquor traffic on such terms, and be impelled in that direction by a de- sire to make profits. This,say the majority, "would be contrary to public policy, as municipalisation ought to be adopted, if at all, on public grounds, and not for profit." But there must be profit,and the ethical dispute is as to how it shall be dis- tributed. The report, we fear, will hardly be re- garded as leading us any great distance, on the oath of reform.

The House of Commons will be strengthened this week by the addition to its membership of two distinguished university men in place of deceased members. Sir William Anson, who has resigned the Vice-Chancellorship at Oxford in order to take a seat at St. Stephen's, and Professor D. M. Edwards, who is a college Don, and follows Mr. T. Ellis, are both unused to the political arena,and n will be interesting to see to what extent they Can adapt themselves to their circumstances. It c_raonot be said that Professor Lecky, Professor 'ebb, or Mr. Talbot, who are most prominently associated with university representation now, are great forces in the debates in the House. They are lacking in the quick retort, in the anticipation of aygument,and especially in the sense of humour -which salts the meat of politics and is required to Make L acceptable. Readers, however, would greatly err if they thought that because these embers do not often speak, and when they do are lacking in effect, they are not useful to the Youse. There is much leavening of opinion done ln the inner rooms of the:best clubs in London, ard he influence of men like Lecky,Jebb, and Talbot !IS strong on the commercial minds and on the too It!tensely practical. Their educational work is not given up when tkey come to St. Stephen's though both they and their pupils are unconscious that it Is being continued.

That the personality of Mr. Cecil Rhodes has not -lost any of its spell was abundantly evident by the proceedings in the Cannon-street Hotel on 4Y-Londay. It was not the crowd that impressed— though shareholders waited hopelessly fromnine ?clock, when the hall filled, for a meeting timed to begin at noon—hut the enthusiasm with which ' a nenly financial body of men, assembling in an :tunoaphere of small profits and quick returns— ? r the City of London is, above all places, g!v.en to rapid monetary transactions—listened to 171.81.0ns of future greatness. There have been no utvidends on Chartereds at present, but that fact I,lnver effects the warmth of the welcome of Mr. hodes. No doubt there was satisfaction in his !tatement that the company had two millions in ;land ; but the shareholders cheered almost as dly the scheme to raise three millions for the 7.jaPe-to-051r0 Railway by the issue of the remain- shares in the Company at a premium price of as against the original par value of £l. The great skill of the oratory of Mr. Rti ides is in its 4Pparent self-restraint. When he tells you that he 9nuld open up vis Las of wealth, but he is afraid of Inflating the money market and encouraging 813.0culation, he leaves the mind under a greater 41raulus than if he had filled in a mass of Vails, rPo!"1 which he might have Deen criticised the fl- ing year if they did not all turn out right. Mr. Odes is an impressionist artist, who always 'alc.na his hearers grateful to him in the sense t2lat gratitude is a lively anticipation of things to come.

Lord Hawke, Mr. W. G. Grace, and Mr. H. W. Za:jobridge have been appointed a Selection Com- 7x4.;ttee to govern the test matches with Artst:-alia. threeare veterans in the great summer pastime, eThlld being still active participants in the game of eket themselves, they are in close touch with Ti`l3 toen whose abilities they have to eonsider. e Selection 'Committee will appoint the first six nglish representatives, and then co-optate two to ateurs out of these six, who will be required assist in the seleotion of the remaining ze players. By this means a tliorou,zlily b Presentative team should be got together t.) do „aattle for the ashes "which our cousins retained linmeWil under" in 1897. The mother cowl try's ie at stake, and nothing must be left to etillt.ce in the re-affirmation of her supremacy at 50l et. Of the two amateurs to he added to the Weition committee, we should think Mr. A. C. th-elaren ought to be one. It is very impor..aut eot. a cricketer who has so recently Lestied the the re of the Australians should have a voice in boa selection of the men to oppose them—and t them.

14" S ofteu said that figures can 1-)L-3 made to IP° anYthing, and while tha statement Is open

to doubt in some cases, there is certainly a sub- stratum of truth in it. If figures cannot" prove anything " they can be made to alter the aspect of things in a very material manner. Qiite recently the President of the London Institute of Civil Engineers showed that he appreciated the old axiom by attempting to convince his hearers that a seat in a first class train is the safest place in the world. In the same period, he says, in which 24 persons were killed on the railroad by accidents for which they were not responsible, 1,800 people were suffocated in bed, 148 were choked by food in dining-rooms, and 925 fatalities resulted from falling downstairs. In all probability the figures are quite true but they do not support the speaker's contention with proof. It is possible to arrive at such comforting statistics by selecting. the " period." In fact the President of the In- stitute might as well have clinched the matter by taking a "period" in which no railway fatalities occurred at all but in which a number of people made their exits from this world by accidents such as he mentions. Then again the fact that there are thousands of people takingthese risks to every one of those who imperil themselves on the rail- way seems to have been overlooked by him. The theory is very ingenious and the figures have a comforting look, but they will not stand analysis if they are to be advanced as proof that a seat in a railway carriage is the safest place in the world.

Mr. Henry Thornton was inclined to be critical at the Warrington Rural District Council meet- ng, and hadsomething to say against the election of bothchairman and vice-chairman. His objec- tions werenot very serious in either instance and did notaffect the voting. Mr. J. W. Knowles, be said,was not solid enough—there was two much wind about him. Now this is absolutely the last charge:we should have imagined anyone bringing against Mr. Knowles.lf solidity is a requisite in candidates for the vice-chaitmanship, then we shouldthink Mr. Knowles admirably fitted for the post. There is no spectral transparency about him; he looks solid enough to fill any chair. But Mr. Thornton is not satisfied. What amount of solidity he expects a man to possess he does not state, but he must be an unreasonable individual if Mr. Knowles does not come up to his expectations in this respect. Mr. Knowles was a little hurt at the reflection cast upon him—and what more natural than that he should be. If we may, we would suggest to Mr. Knowles that he sits upon I the next man who dares to question his sllidity. We can think of no more effectual manner of refut- ing the accusation, and moreover it would do some people a world of good to be sat on.

Evidence of the growing success of the Man- chester Ship Canal as a commercial enterprise is constantly being afforded. Occasionally there are some encouraging statements made at one of the periodical meetings of the Co:npany, and quite as often there are important developments of traffic to raise the spirits of the somewhat de- spondent shareholders. Much has been done to demonstrate the value and usefulness of the water- way by the Manchester Liners, Limited, a com- pany already noted for its enterprise, and for the magnificent vessels it owns. One of these, "The Manchester City," has become quite farnous,o wing to her vast dimensions and easy navigation of tne canal. A sister ship, owne4 by the same company, was launched at Jarrow last week with the title " Manchester Port," and a splendid example of the ship builders' skill she is. About half -a- dozen other vessels of similar class and size are in process of construction for the Manchester Liners Limited, the object of the Company being to establish a weekly service of steamers between Manchester and Canada. It is only in this way that the benefits to manufacturers accruing from the canal will be made apparent. R3gular steam- ship lines to the principal ports of the New World will do more than anything else to reduce freights, encourage transhipment of goods, and develop the great resources of the Ship Canal. RUNCORN NOrES,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
LBY A CORRESPONDENT.]

The pro4pects of cricket in this district as far as can be ascertained up to the present are of anything but a rosy character and it is doubtful whether the senior club will venture on a struggle for another season. Frodsham seem to have got a lively lot of players together and should be going strongly. I understand that almost all the Runcorn players will go there for cricket this season.

The turn-out of the Runcorn Fire Brigade on Wednesday night should serve as an object lesson. The scene of the fire was a stack of hay situate in a field at the far end of Norman-road, near to the railway embankment, and it took the brigade abnut an hour mad five minutes to lay on water. In their first attempt they tried the hydrant in Cawley's- lane, but the water would hardly fill the pipe, then after other futile attempts a supply was success- fully conveyed to the seen of the conflagration. It was so puny, however, that small as the fire was a good hour was occupied in putting it out.

One doesn't want to cast reflections on the Fire Brigsle, which is composed of men to be highly re- spected, if only for the risks they undertake. But the efforts in putting out the fire were very crude. A far better result would have been obtained by using a hay-knife, and cutting off the charred out- side edge of the hay on one side, and carting off the remainder out of reach ot the flames, and binding it into trusses on the windward side. As the hay was but a small quantity, the briga-ie must be excused. I suppose, for indulging in a little hose pra?tice. My advise to householders, however, js see to get- ting out an insurance policy, and watching the brigade at practice will be a little more enjoyable.

At the Urban District Council meeting on Thurs- day morning there was a little bit of a breeze caused by the remarks of Mr. W. Collier who laid the law down as to "the duty of vice-chairmn." But Mr. Imi.;on was also in a dictatorial humour, and in a little preliminary gave the officials something upon which to reflect.Mr.lmison generally does not speak unless he has grounds tor doing so.

I am given to understand that the energetic Mis- sionary (Mr. W. Shaw) of the Mersey Mission to Seamen has secured a large field situated in the Holloway which is being fitted out as a recreation ground for sailors, so that they miy enjoy them- selves when ashore during the summer montlis.The field will be formally opened at Whitsuntide.

TRAPS IN COLLISION AT RUNCORN.

A LO3AL CASE AT THE LIVERPOOL ASSIZES'

On Saturday, befere Mr. Justice Righam and a com- mon jury, a claim was heard in which the plaintiff,elrs. Margaret Acton, such the defendant, Robert Shepherd, for damages for personal injuries alleged to have been die to the negligence of defenlant'a servant whilst driv• jug a milk flat in Aston-road, near Frodsham, Cheshire. Negligence was denied by the defendant, who pleaded nonzributory negligence on the p art of plaintiff. Mr. layler, Q.C., and Mr. Greer were for the plaintiff, and Mr. Pickforcl, Q.C., and Mr. Jordon were fir the de- fendant. —Plaintiff's case was that on tee 23e1 August leet she was being driven by her son-in-law.N.lr Gerrard, between Frodsham and Runcern,and hid with her some of her grandchildren. Hearing the float apptoaching them they called out to the driver to look out. The drive picked up his reins, which had been hanging lo leleetencl in passing struck his pony,which reared to, and thieve a miik can out of the float. The neise of the falling Can ecart!ed plaintiff's potty, which was at it preper side of the road, and it bolted. The vehicles collided, the harnese of plaintiff's animal broke, and the occupents of the trap were thrown out. The plaintiff's face aed shoulder were hurt, and she sustaine I slight iej iry to the spine. Since the aceident she had been suit ring, and was unable now to attend court and give evidence.—For the d 4ence Charles Percival was called. He said that he was in charge of d !fenlent's fl at. He was driving on the left hand side of the road, and one of his wheels was even on the cinder or footpath. The • plaietiff's trap was in the middle of the fold. and wit- re,e called out ta them. He got no answer, but the trap C.:411.1e on and collided with the float. Witness rendered all the as;istance he could. Cross-examined : Ile had ; neither stick nor whip, and his reins were not hanging down before the collision. The can wee thrown out of his fi at by the collision, and not before. —Ocher wit- , nessee gave evidence to the effect that the collision was net caused owing to the negligence of the defende nt's ,triv T.—The jury found fer V.:defendant, and his lord- ' shio gave judgment. It will be remembered that this case was tried a short . time ago at the Runcorn County Court. hefore His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, and a jury, when a vert diet was found for the plaintiff. AS'IC for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATEIRS.—.Advt.

A RUNCORN CONCERT PARTY AT MOORE.

The Church Institute az 'Moore was occupied ua Thurs- day night by a party of Runcorn ladies and gt>ntlemen, who gave a concert thra in aid of the funds of the Mersey Mii.sion to Seamen. The chair was ocoupied by Mr. John White ; aid an appreciative a,ll,lim.ie weti treated with an excellent programme su;taioed by the following :—Missis Coward, AL lull, L Shtw, tiara-ion, Messrs Sningler, Webb, Oathixe.tte.T Woods, S Meadow croft, and J Hu:ter. Mr. W. Sluw, Runcorn, during the interval, delivered an address up)a tne work and useful- ness of the mission.

Oct.

Nov.

Dec.

Jan.

Mar.

Apr.

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY MAY 59 1899 • RUNCORN AND WIDNES. !RUNCORN RUGBY FOOTBALL LOCAL POOR RATES, CLUB. During the weak tue Rmicore B nch cf Magistrates A RETROSPECT OF THE SEASON. signer, the fellovsiers rates :—Parish of Clifton ls 31 in Just as the curtain descends upon the close of the £ w realise £237 8. 21 ; Parish of Stockholm is 3d another season's football, it is pleasant or otherwise in the £to realise £43 4s 91 ; and for toe Parisi' of for the supporters* of a Club to take a lingering Halton is 41 in the £to realise £315 12s 4s. glance at the pageant which passes before the WIDNES CASE AT THE LIvERPO ASSIZES• Minds' eye. In cantemplating the exploits of the At the Liverpool Assizes on Friday, belore air. Justice Linnets" one is filled with feelings akin to a Ridley, the grand jury tDrew out the bill in thO case of mixture of pleasure and pain, cherishea hopes and John ?assay, 67,hay dealer,indicted for having assaulted Elizabeth Millar and Hannan Yates, at Widnes, on the keen disappointments, yet upon the whole the 18. n of March, and he was accerdingly discharged. beholder cannot refrain from giving expression to a sigh of satisfaction, and must admit that the Run- On Monday night an interesting presentation was PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN. corn Football Club are still a club respected, and well worthy of that respect; and one the town issue to Mr. M. L. Davies (sideman at the St Michael Caurch), of Stanloy Villas, Runcorn. who is about.. to might still be well proud of. leave for America t-o take up an important post under The feature about the Runcorn Football Club is the United Alkali Works Company, when his tellow of& that it is a team composed of purely local talent, dials at the church presented him with.apaotograph of and is as nearly amateur as possible; indeed upon he officials of the church. • . these two points, there is no Club in the Northern ELECTION OF A. eiIUARDIAN FOR NBWTOWN WARD. Union that can compare with it. Some one has said On Wednesday, Mr Rouen Wrigut, gentleman, of " Every tub must stand on its own bottom," and it Greenway-roa a was nominated by Mr W tianeley, and is only fair to state that the Runcorn Foot- seconded ty Mr A Dutton, as a guardian to reprezeut ball Club does so stand, and thereby have Newtown Ward, vac intthrough chi aeach of me late no mean advantage in possessing a founds- Mr S Yarwood. As chore were no other nominations, Mr • tion upon which they can build a repu- Wright will take his seat without opposition. ,We be- tation second to none.- Thb Club commenced lieve that this is his first essay at reptasonciag tee Wants this season with "a rift in the lute" consequent of the poor, but [ruin what we know ot Mr Wright he i e,a gentleman well qualified for the post. We con- upon the attitude taken by J. Butterworth and J. gratulate Ilan upon the honour conferred upon him. Faulkner, and up to the end of December the con- DISASTROUS FARM FIRE NEAR WIDNES. stitation of the team was in a most unsettled state. A disastrous I•rm fire, the seventh that has occurred Hence it was not until after that period that the in the district during the past twelve months, to k t lace club began to assert itself in a spirit worthy of its at Rose Farm, Speke, near Widues,on Wecfneseay,rEstea. traditions. The committee during this perioi went log in the total destruction of six stacks at iinihrastnd through a very trying time, and though change after corn, and damage to the amount of abut £5OO. Ihe change was tried, it was not until the return of farm is in the occupation of Mr. aE. Wi.li ns, woo "the strikers '' that things began to assume any- cannot explain how the fire originated. l'he stacks were thing like a rosy appearance. Throughout the Sea- all close togethsr under a Dutch barn. The Speke Hall son the Runcorn forwards can truly be said to have and Liverpool Fire Brigades attendel. work:A with a determination and dash, superior to MILL BROW SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, any other combination in the competition,and it can Anniversary servicos in conioceon witu the above truly be said that in every match in which a "fors Sunday Schools, were held at Hatton-road uhapei, on ward " game was played, the result has been favour- Sunday, and attracted large congregations, tue place able to Runcorn. For a fall-back, Runcorn have in being literally packed in the evening, roe preacher was the veteran Houghton, an unequalled stumbling the Rev. W. Arrosysmicn, of Eludderofield. foe special block to would-be scorers in opposite teams, but music by tha choir auu the children was the chief attr ic- tion, and seldom it ever have we heird anything to sur- the three-quarter line has been changed:and changed pass it. Mr 'l' N Johnson sang "Far from my hlavealy about So otten, that for three parts of the season no laame" The organist was Mr G F Fri h. and to Min one could tell who was likely to figure there next. L. and Mr J. Brown, as well as to Miss Taylor, belong Chic Jolley, barring the times he has been compelled to credit for the excollency of the musicat portion of the be absent through injuries, was ever in his place at ervice. • half-back, and in the early part of the season the club was greatly indebted to Joe Nickson, for the sterdy manner in witch he filled the vacancy whilst Faulkner was thinking things over. Of new players the club cannot be said to have an', but a little new ulood has been infused into the ranks from the local juaioqfifteens.!: Forster, C. Butter- wortlaD. Jones,and li. Williams beiiig those oftenest celled upon—but really speaking they cannot figure as anything but regular reserves. The season commenced with a surprising win fur Runcorn at Wigan just by a point. Salford administered the first delleat. Then foilewed the severest thrashing experienced dUring the year when Oldham secured the vietory at Oldham by 27 points to 3. It might be said en przssant that it was in this match that C. Butterworth (brother to the redoutable "Jimmy ") Made his debut, scoring the oily points—a try—se- cured against Oldham in that encounter. Tais de- feat however was amply atoned for when Runcorn effectively decided the fate of the Northern Union League championship in Broug,hton's favour by de- feating Oldhem at Runcorn by 8 points to nothing. That is one of the instancos of the co-mingling of regret and pleasure ; but, methinks 'tis a mixture the more sweet. The encounter with Widnes afforded another example, and Runcorn come out of the ordeal with one point to its credit on the whole performance, both teams winning at home by 10 and 11 pints to nil respectively. Broughton Rangers secured fonr points out of Runcorn, as did also Salford but the latter were lucky in doing so. hue taking the record of the year's work, the supporters of the club must admit on the whole it has been one of con- siderable merit. Bat a tale of woe hangs upon the "story of r tui cup." Hveryoae has been miser- ably disappointed over it. Of course the first round was a "walk over" the team having to face Runcorn Rees at Runcorn. The match was nothing more than a farce, and when it was over Rancern had secured 77 points to 4 points, which might just as easily have been 777. A better s`roke of business would have been to secure a good friendly match— for the purpose of practice for the following round —as the Rees would most willingly have conceded a "walk over" provided they did not suffer in loss of gate. The opportunity was lost. A "mug's" game resultal,an I the sequence was that the"mug" was a steee further removed through the most humiliating defeat of the season nt. Leigh. The re- sult of that match meant the difference between affluence and poverty to the club, but we can do no good thing now by lifting up our voice in mourn- ing. The yesition gained in the Northern Union League is seventh, Swinton just being before Run- corn in the matter of points but there are only 10 points between Runeorn and the champions (Broughton Rangers). The details in the matter of scoring are ap- pended :

7oINTS. FOR AGST

Sept. 3—Wigan. a 4 3 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham, a I—Leigh. h B—Wi4nes, a 22—TyLlesley, a s—Morecambe, h 12—Salford. a 26—Broughton R., h 5 13 3—Bradford, a 10—Swinton, h 17-lochdale H., h 8...... 3 24—Broughton R., a 26—Warrington, a 31—Ty1deQ1ey, h 2-9 t, Helens, a 0 0 7—Swinton, a 0 7 14 —Wigan. h 0 21—Stockport, h Feb. 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widnes, h 21—Leigh, a 25—Rochdale H., a 3 4 4 —Oldham, h 8 0 11—Stoc mart, a 18—Cup Tie, Runcorn Recs., h 25—Cup Tie, Leigh,a 2 4 3—Warrington, h 15—St Helens, h ll 8 22—Bradford, h The League fable works out as follows:—latches played 26; won 15; lost 9; drawn 2; with a total of 193 points against 113, which gives Runcoin the seventh position with 32 points. Including other matches Runcorn have played 30 matches,of which 17 were won, 11 lost, Fold 2 drawn, giving an aggregate of 297 against 129 points. The list of scorers is headed by J Jolley with 14 goals, 1 try (29 points) to his credit; Farmer follows with 12 goals (24 points) and the forward, S Walker, has a record of 8 tries (24). These threp players deserve the highest credit for their performance during the year. The other scorers come in the following order: D Jones, 6 tries (18 points); J Butterworth, 5 tries (15 poi", t,); C Bu'tsrworth, 4 tries (12 points); A Taylor and F Gayter 3 tries each (9 points, Wilkinson, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points) ; Faulkner, J Nickson, and Lightfoot, 2 tries (6 points) each; S Houghton, 2 goals (4 points) ; G Robinson, I` Warden, Bettley, Richard Reece, and Tomlinsm scored a try each ; and Williamson secured a dropped goal. The record of the friendly matches and the cup ties are purposely left out as the score of 77 points in the match with Runcorn Recs. cannot class with the performances in other matlhes, the only other friendly encounters were witls Bradford home and away.

The record of the A team is not a bad one when the ups and downs of the season are taken into account-n.nd also the times they have been called upon to fill places in the senior fifteen. The inter- works competition resulted in aiding the clubs' finances materially and during the later stages of the season has kept the footb II interest alive. The committee should hive their eyes open to secure one or two of the " workers " for their re- cruits; some of the talent displayed can be deve- loped with advantage.

ORDER OF DRUIDS eRIENDLY SOCIETY.

A meeting of the members of the Qaeen Victoria Lodge of the above Order was held on Saturday last at the Druids Hall, Sank3y-street, Warrington. The chair was taken by the Bro Jackson. After the ordinary lodge business was transactei, P.D.G.M. Samuel Dunh)bbin was presented with a purse of gold by the officers ant members ot the lodge. P.D.G.NI. Peter Langley in making the presentation spoke in nraisi of the long and faithful services rendered by Bro Dunbobbin during the 35 years he had tpld the poqition of secretary. The Bro S Packer, the D.C.S. Bro Houghton and several other's also spoke in praise of Bro Dunbobbin who in replyit,g thanked all the Brothers for the mark of appreciation blstowed upon him. Though increasing years had caused him to retire from the position of secretary be should always do his best for the Queen Victoria Lodge and the Order of Druids in .general.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOATING CLUB AND ITS FINANCES.

The statement of account 3 in oonaction with the above has just been puisned. Toe re;.;e,pts atmunted to £49 Os 61 ot which £5 8; id was the balame, from 1897, £29 193 61 members' subscriptions, £l3 us cion4tion,, a!-:u .1.!, 111 bank iht!rest. The expen,licuro was £35 9; 3 i, the following beiiN the principal item;— Chester Ar3.)atmz Club, £9 3; ' • b.laac.i 00 new neat-sued £l4 ; caretlic s dary, 13s 6d ; plstazes, 11s 4A; ,(ationery, £2 13s 21; ground rent, El ; buodries, £1 133 91. There was a balancs in hand after payment of all demands of £l3 lb 3.1. PRACTICAL STIIPATRY AT WIDNES.

On Saturit—y-evenin?, iu the Baths Asseinbly Rooms, Widnes, a concen was held ia aid of the wite and family of the L.te G. Roughley, who was kill() I a soon tune ago during shunting operations at Mes-us. Pilking- ton's works. There was a good attendance. Mr. Pierce Talon occupied the chair. The concert was an unquali- fied success, and as a r:uiult a hancsnme sum was hair :le over to Mrs. Roughley. GLes were rendered by the. Pilkington G:ee Party, and songs by Miss J. Williams, Mrs. A. Carey, and Messrs. E. Carey, F.. as,maley, D. Hanlon, T. For, and J. Gretna:on. las,rurnencal music was contributed by the St. Mary's Brass Band, the Prize Quarteti.e Party, and Mr. 'l'. G. Rigby on the violin.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
STACK FIRE AT RIIN'CORIC

The fire alarm brought out the Runcorn Fire Brigade, about 6 o'clock on Wednesday night, when its services view required to cope with a stack fire which was said to be raging in the vicinity of Cawley's-laoe, Runcorn. Oa the brigade reaching the scene it was riiitiovered that a,firer of but small dimensions was devouring a ketch of his, containing, abut 5 or 6 tons of 3 year old nay (the propert; of Mr. W. Moore, Sutnerland-htreet. Runcorn). Owing to tae dillicuty in getting the water laid on, however—an operation the; took about: an hour and five minutes— he " " had been burnt to such .an extent as not to be worth saving. However, the brigade indulged in a little practice, and getting the wa'er to pl.iy on the flames completely subdued them by abut 8.15. The Brigade was under the command of Superin- tendent Robert; Wright. A FOOLHARDY ESCAPADE.—.I RUNCORN MAN INJURED. Two men, named Nickson, alias Barney D)rlingt .n, of Whitechapel, Weston, and Charles Stubbs, of Rock Savage, were standing near the L. and N. W. Railway Bridge just oppcmite Halton Station, when they onserved a man walking from the direction of Clifton. 0.1 arriv- ing at the bridge the man deliherately climbed the °rick work, hung over the side by his hands for a few seconds then let go acd dropped into the tix-font way beneath. —Nickson and Stubbs then went t) the man and found .him lying very much injured. They carried him to the embankment out of danger of passing trains, and subse- quently conveyed him to his borne 10, White-street,Run- corn, in a cart borrowed from Mr. Joseph Stokes, Rock Savage.—The man's name is Hodgetts,and he is now be- ing attended by Dr. Robinson for severe injuries to both legs, and at present little hope is entertained of his re- covery. The reason for the foolhardy freak is n't given, and the deliberate dropping off from a bridge about 30 feet high strongly points to an attempt at suicide.

lo THE TRICK OF A MADMAN."—PLAYING WITH PARAFFIN AT RUNCORN.

Before Mr. F. J. Nermaa' on Tuesday morninz, John Kinsey, labourer of 42, Norfolk-street, was char,ed with having on the previous day set fire ta the goods in his dwelling house, or with ;attempting to do so.—It seemed that in consequence of having had a row with his em- ployer (Mr. Orme, of Weston), his wife and he had some woris. The man, it is alleged, then went upstairs and poured some paraffin on LH , bed and sot fire to it.— Police Constable Brett gave evidence of being callei into the house. Upstairs the bed and bedding ha i been thrown in a heap and paraffin had been sprlnkled over the floor. The whole was bLizing. He s•iized the mattress and threw it downstairs and by tramping on the flames and other means extinguished the fire. The prisoner was in the house shouting,aud on being charged by the constable said he was not afraid of owning it. Prisoner had been charged that morning also in the presence of the Inspector and said " I must not have been right in my senses to do such a thing."—The Magistrate saiA it was the trick of a madman.—Prisoner said he had had a drop of drink and got into a rage;that would be a warning to him not to have any more drink. Prisoner was reminded to the next sessions. SMOKER AT THE PARISH CHURCH SCHOOLS. On Wednesday eveaing a most enjoyable smoking concert was held at the National schoolroom, Runcorn, which was largely patronised. Mr. E Imison C.C., who presided, said he was very pleased to see such a large gatlieiing of smokers. He would not be out of place by seying that the concert would be a success if it did not tend to cause boys of 14 to 18 years of age to take to the weed. It would be all right if they waited until they had matured and ,he thought himself it was soothing for a mln after a hard day's toil or business to find solace in a pipe •of good tobacco. Having given the order to " firs up." a capital programme was submiled. The whole of the item; were will received, but we should make special mention of Mr. T. N. Johnson whose fine voice was heard to full advantage. The efficient accompanist was Mr. W. Grounds. Mr. Dudley, before the conclusion proposed a vote of thanks to the singers, and to MiFS3S Mack, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. W. Shaw and Mr. Biundel for donations of tobacco, cigarettes, etc., and to Mr. W. Grounds for so kindly officiating in the abience of Mr. A. Savage.—Mr. W. Shaw, jun., presented the audience with a novelty in the shape of a " box of matches "and some " advice. ' F RODS IiAM.

CHINESE FAIR.—On Wednesday and ThuiSday a Chinese fair anl sale of work were held in the Sunday School of the Five Crosse; Wesleyan Chapel, Bra iley- lane, in aid of the trust funds. The proceedings on the first day were opened by Mrs James Dutton, of He'shy, and on Thursday by Mr E J Payne, of Overton. Toe following were the stall-holders :—Work stall, Mesdamei Berrington, 800- li, Littler, Okell, Payne, and Miss Edmunds ; home farm stores, Atlexlanies Bradbury, Clarke, and Miss Worrall ; restaurant, Misses Booth, Carter, E Carter, L Littler. Okell, Walton and Wrench ; flsiwer stall. Misses Maui Littler and A M Booth ; China tearoom, Mei lames Atherroa, eloper, and O'lK-Il ; tea chest, Miss E Whitby. The proceeds of the first day amounted to the satisfactory total of £7O.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGT:N MARKETS.

At the Warrington Cora Market ou WedneAday new wheat (white) fetched 33 lid (701 b. to the bushel) ; red wheat, 3s 10 i ; new oats, 2s 51. Flour best seconds, per 2401 b., 19401 ; Bran, 11-d to is lid per 201 b. Prices at the Provision Market were as folloms :—Fresh butter is to Is 31 per lb ; fresh eggs, 14 and 15 for is; fowls. 4s 6d to 5s per couple; ducks, 6s Od ; English beef, 5d to 101; lemb, 91 to is id; mutton 6d to 101; veal, 81 to 10d; pork, Gd to 81,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

THE WATER RATR.-A PROFIT ON TRH TEAR.

Mr. Jisept, Pritchard, as chaitman of the Water Com- mittee, submitted a statement of the receipts and ex- oPoditure for the Watsr Departrnent for the year enied 314# t.larcli last, showing a profit. on the year's working of £5l 194 61 as against a iss last yeir of £ll9 10. 21. leaving a net loss for the si years of £368 94 101, after allowing for the receipt of the sum of £lBO 174 8d from the General District Bate. being the prod tct of ld in the £ The committee also recomm.mied that the sum of £ll9 17s 51 be written off for empties, Bac., in respec'; of the water rate for the quarter enued 31st March a st.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TECIINICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

This commatee recommended that Messrs. S. Pope,J. Horsefield, and F. W. Hatton be added to its member- slip. monthly meeting oi thq above Council was held in the Town Hill, on Thursday, wnen there were present : Messrs. F. Wis wall (cnairman), W. Handley, P. Speak- man, W. Collier, S. Walton, J. Prichard, H. J. Grice, J. Wilson, D. Biobrewn, G. Hewitt, Thomas Jones, E. Gatley, E. Imiion, T. Dean, with F. A. Like (clerk), E• Marshall (secretary), and James Wilding (surveyor). THE MEDICAL OFHICER's REPORT.

Dr. McDougall report d the number of deaths registered during the mouth was 15, one was an inquest case. The average death rate was 10 per thousand of the ektiinated population, and exclusive of inquest cases 9.3. The number of births registered was 44. For the corresponding month of last year 33 deaths and 60 births were registered. Mr..J. Wilson moved the adoption of these minutes. Mr. Handley secoaded and it was carried. Take in water Corn &a

Mr:J. Pritchard also observed it must be a satisfaction to the Council to knew that there was a profit of £5l 19s 63 on the water undertaking, against a loss of £ll9 103 21 on the previous year. Tney had received about £2B more for water, but their expenditure hads been Very low indeed—about £ll5 less than the previoa, year. It was a satisfaction that they need not ask for the assistance of the rates at the present time. During , the five years they had been working only one penny in the had been received from the rates so that it was only occasionally they would have to ask the rates to contribute anything towards the paying of the interest and manual instalments of principal. Further if they went on as they were doing land had no exceptional expenditure, they hoped the undertaking would meet ad the dem tnds made on its re- sources. There had been some dispute about Mr. Tun- stall's reports. He had looked into the matter carefully and found that according to his reports that at least the Thuncil would regnire annually a penny in the £ from the rotes; Mr. Tarlatan reports went over considerable ground, and he had tak m the three reports together. Mr. Marshall had also gone over that matter with him and came to the fame conclusion that according to Mr. TunstalPs reports the amount that would have to be receivA out of tie rates annually was £lBl, or a trifle over a penny in the £. He thought the reason for some m,sipprehension was bhat Mr. Tanstall's reports were based upon the assump- tion that Parliament would grant a suspension of the sinking fund for at least five years; This concession was not wanted. As soon as they took over the undertaking they had to begin to pay into he sinking fund, and the value of the fund to-day was £3.183. Toe interest upon those instalments together with £566 add id every year, would make a considerable yearly amumulaion, and in a few years time the sinking fund would progress by leaps and bounds. Therefore from a financial point of view the water undertaking mlght be regarded as satis- factory. Ira addition the analysis submitted last month showed that there was ma deterioration in the quality of the water, and on the whole the und srtaking rnieht coosidered to he in a highly satisfactory condition. (Hear, hear.) He proposed the adoption of the minutes. Mr. J. Wilson seconded and tie m)tion was carried.

take in To,ch Inst Corn

Mr. J. Wilson bezged t ) move the adoption of the revnamendation of the Technical ',lstituto Committea. At the same time he would like to point out that till committrp was incuaiing at such a ratio that he thsuzlit it would be advisable not to_augm .nt it any morlk.

Mr. W. Flandley seconded. The Cnairman explained that the committee originally consisted of 32 members ; and it was carefully put at that number $) that the C )u..cil w mid n)t be in the minority. Thl figures were 18 mombers of the Cpuncil and 14 outliders. If the Council were in the minority and the committee implicated them in anyway it would be unpleasant. Mr. P. Speakman asked whether the Council were in

the minority at present ; what was the object of the in- crease ? Would they be in the minority after the addi- tion of the proposed names. Mr. D. Bisorown stid he was unler the impression that those nams were intended to fill vacancies caused by other gentainen behu, oat of town, and unable to attend; _

- Mr. E. Imison said he COOiid?nd it was very im- material. It was to be to orne in mind that the Council had to confirm any action of the committee and any veto they wiqhed to exercise they could do so then- Mr. P. Speakman agreed with Mr. fmisaa and offerel no objection to the matter passing. The Chairman observed his only object was to avoid getting into conflict. Mr. W. Handley explained the reason for the appoint.. merit of the three gentlemen. The Library Committee had fixed their meeting to be held at the conclusion of the Technical Institution Committee meeting, acid as Mr. Pope and Mr. Hutton were msmbers of the Library Com- mittee it was decided to add them to the Techoical Com- mittee so that they would not neel to be waiting in the passage for the first meeting to conclule. Mr. Horse. field was addel b cause the Council understood thAt he did not wish to sever his connection with the Council completely. The minutes were then passed. MR. COLLIES ON THE QUALIFICATIONS OF & AIRMAN. CRITICISM OF MR. WILSON.

Mr. W. Collier said in the protest he was about to make, about the vice chairma.nship of the Highways and Buildings Committ,e, he assured them he hal not the slightest personal malice. What he was about to say Fir,l9 entirely in the interests of the Council, and for the public hood. He wished to point out that Mr. Wilson was vice-chairman of the Highway. Health, eel Water Cornwittees, and Chairman of the Technical Insluctioa Committee, and he put it to any member of tee Goan- cil : Was it a reasonable position for any man to place himself in, and was it fair to men who had been sitting round that Board a great deal longer than Mr. Wilson, that one man should assume all those positions? If a man hid not sufficient good taste to know when he had hal enough it was time that somebody got up and told him. (Hear, hear and laughter.) He viewed with area alarm the possibility of the Chairman of these committees being taken ill. tor then the Council woald be Wrsoned "to death. It wou'd be a one man show. It was not reason- able ;it was not d cent. Secondly be obj oct-d to Mr. Wilson being vice-chairman of the Highways and Build- ings Committee because he was a builder. Mr. Wilson : Na lam not ; that is not correct. Mr. (Jollier: Speak after I have finished. You are a surveyor and drawer of plans? Mr. Wilson Yes. Mr. Collier said in the interests of the public no man who drew plans or had anything to do with the building trade had any business at all as the Chair- man of the Buildings Committee. What did it mean? He did not say Mr. Wilson would do it ; bit it was quite possible that the fact would cause people tag° to Mr. Wilson to have plans drawn, and then they might have plans brought berore the Council drawn by Mr. Wilson, and the public might say undue influence had been need. He (Mr. Collier) main- tained that it wag not fair or right for any man con- nected with the building trade to sit in the chair of the Buildings C.nnmittee. Then thirdly, and tee considere I this was a fatal objection, two or three years ago he opposed plans drawn by Mr. Wilsrn for Mr. Plant' butcher's shop, Top Lock (To Mr. Wilson) : Did vou draw those plans? —Mr. Wilson : I dici.)—Mr. Colier, continuing, said if they looked up the record they would fled that his was the only vote recorded against the passing of those plans, and he reiterate 1 to-day whet he eaid t ane that ne more flagrant job was ever put through the Council than the passing of the plans,of a butcher's shop without a back entrance. He left it to the public or any unbiased person to judge, whether a man wh pat a plan like that through the Council was a fit man to

occupy the; chair of the Higaways and Buildings Com- mitte3

Tho Chairman: Do you move anythinz ? Mr. Collier : I n2,4ve that it would bo wise of Mr. Wilson to withdrtw. I Inve it ta Mr. Wilson's good ta .t 1 and his own sense of fairness.

The Coairman informed Mr. Collier he wag out of order. It was a question for the c]mmittee itself to decide.

Mr. Wilson said he would like to make an explanation. It would be within the recollection of the meath,rs of the committees that he obje,..,t2d to take the posi ions. It was not his fault ; rather it was his misfortune that he bad those positions. If Mr. Collier had been pre,eat at any of the meetings—(hear, hear)—possibly he vr lull have been vice-chairman ot one or oner of the committees. He (Mr. Wilson) decidedly ohj ,cted as he did today to take the vice-chairmanslip of the three committees. Mr. Collier might be a good caricaturist but at any rate his information was not correct. Mr. Collier was bad'y informed, and he thought he should net come th sre t mike statements such as be had that morning; he ought to he sure of his ground. He wohld be gl td if the Council wouid relieve him from Some of his duties, and had statel so from the first.

Die Chairman: Is is a question for the Committee_ Mr Wilson. I think the matter might be considerad at an end. We will go on to the next business.

ME. IMISON ON THE DUTY OT OFFICIALS..

Mr. E. Imison submitted as his opinion that thP Clun- en wag gradually letting the business slip into the fluids of officials, which was not a very wise thing. He lid not think it weuld have been necessary for him to mention that again after what he had said

sometime ago but it did appear to him, owing probably to the ind,fference of the members, or to their want of attention, that a good deal of the business of the Coun- cil was done without the Coancil's kaowkd,;e. He would give au instance: Communications came to the Council which were not reponed to the Council, and answers to those communications were sent without having received the imprimatur of the Council; Tide was a distinctly bad practice:. It was bad insomuch that it might cause the councillors themselves to be regarded with a certain amount of suspicion. It was bad too be- cause it might give the officials an inflated idea of their own importance. Another irregularity that had cropped up was that reports were made to the committees perhaps not formally but informally and arrangements might be made without the knowledge of the person who made these complaints, for inquiries to be made. A committee might come to a resolu- tion, and might forward a c ommunication which had no received the sanction of the Council, and which ho w i.e told did not absolutely convey the opinions of the c mamittee upon these matters. This be- ing soil appeared to him that it would be wise for the Council to arrive at the conclusion that no communica- tioll3 should be received at the offine, addressed to the Chairman or the Council which were not reported to the Council and put on the ,agenda and that no answers should be sent to those commonicalons except sub as formally releiv:sd the sanction of the Council. ffe sup- posed he chould be out of eird:ir in moving a resolution to this effect and be felt so convinced they were getting in a loose way that he gave notice that he would move such a resolution 'lt the next Council meeting. The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOrsALL.

At last the cup kas COlll3 to Lancashire! All foot- ballers in the County Palatina ought to feel grateful to the Oldham team for the brilliant manner in which they have wrPstel tha N.U. cup from its resting-place in the broal-acred shire. It is bad enough who a our friends, the Tyk.s, walk off with the county championship, but it is beyond endurance if thy retain possession of the cup as well. Thank goodness ! one of the trophies has coml to Lancoshire at last—and in no filky fashion. Batley, the pravious holders, were knocked out of the competition by a Lancashire club, and from then to the close of tie struggle the chanaes of the cup coming to Lancashire loomel large.

Oldham i; perhap; the most popular team in the county, and their success on Saturday was gratifying tl all floball sothusiasts not po;sessing an interest in Yorkshire. rney always play the game, they play it well, and they play in a s,,entlem anly way which wins them favour whcrevar they appear.

The fact that the final tie was between represeot- ativos from the two principal Northern Union counties ad Jed greatly t its attractions in the eye iof people not a.sociated with either of the competmg clubs. K?e Dards ins probibty care] little about this, but the average spectttor who went to Fallo 'Ald solely to witness a cipitil exposition of the Entity game, was gr ttifted at being able to see the " battle of the roses" fou.lht over again. I wal ono of the " aver- age spears "—and truth to tell was not very par- ticular which of the team' c tme out coo top, though of course what preference I had was for the Lancashire ri- presentatives. Tne,e was a big crow] there, though not qoite so large as that prPs3nt at Liverpool and Sheffield United match, a short time since. Every precaution had been tak In to ensure Stturday's match being free from such incidents as spoiled the semi-final for the Enzlish Coo. The barriers were solid enough to keep a herd of boffaloos in check, while tha number of police present was quite imposing.

"-,Oa arrlval at Manchester evm,vbody seemed to be go- ing in the same direction—Falowfteld. There were vehicles of all descriptions. 'buses with hysterical con ductors predomintting. Fo: the modest fee of 31. you- were conveyed to the venue of the final-tie,but once hay- ing got you there the 'bus proprietors showed that they knew a thing or two. Toe fare cards were cpickly changed, place 1 in the window least likely to come un- der notice, Fled the return journey necessitated an out- lay of 61. Lk true Britons we protestel, but the 'l4ash, collectors merely smiled a smile that was childlike and bland, remarking at the same timo that they would come down to ttia usual fare when the crowd had dis- persed. How considerate ! Between these two little investments the mttch toelt place, and to that I must divert attention.

It was preceded by sundry officials, under the direc- torship of th 3 amiahle "J )e" Platt, arranging within the enclosur; comfortable seats for the mighty ones of the ealth, i.e. whistle-hl owls and Northern Union Commit- tee, men. &ad " they came not in single files, buil in battalions." Yea, and with their wives ani sweethearts too. The lane: ring was very select I aS3U7O you. It is worth while mentio ling also, that the linesmen were not of the common or garden variety. They bore a faint resemblance to the "gentlemen" species,and they carried no flags—at firit. Later they produced large handker- chiefs, tied them to M 4lacca canes, waved tharn gently and lookel remark4b'y like delegates to the Peace Con- f !twice. Also they sported I trge cigars, and strolled about with a nonchalance and sweet oblivion to the for- tunes of the g tao, which was quite refreshing. How- ver the game went on, and that was the Enda thing to ahousands.

The Lancashire men were unfortunate in the spin of the coin, ani had to face a fairly strong breeze and Albert G A Ithorp, in the first half. The two together are an unmi-it akably'dangerous combination. Well the ball was set rolling, was kept in the Oldham half, and three minutes from the kick-off Hunslet were awarded a penalty from which " Oar Albert" landed a goal. People were not surprised, but the sudienness of the Lancashire reverse came as a shock. But excitement bubbled over when the game travelled to the opposite end, Mitchel mulled, and the Oldham front rank crossed in a body. Sam toes kicked a goal. Sterling play by the visiting team followed, the two Goldthorpes breaking through the Oldham defence and adding a goal and a try. Soon afterw trde Rifere, M tribal! gave Hunslet another free kick and Albert Goldthorpe drooped the ball over the bar from the centre. This raised the Huaslet score to nine points. against Oldham five. Half-time saw the figures uualtered,

It. must be said at once that though tha visitors had done so well, all the confiience in Oldham's prowess had not evaporated. The men from Watershaddings hive a knack of reserv- ing all the best that is in them for the concluding moiety, and they fulfilled expectations after their eager- ness had give place to determination and coolness. The combination imor -mei, and the famo as three-quarter line, led by the indomitable Fletcher, began to make things hum. dam Williams was the first to get in, but the total was still a point below that of the Yorkshire- men. Play was fast and furious, and Fletcher following up a kick. charge.i the Hunslet custodian violently, secure 1 the ball, threw to Moffatt and Oldham took the lead amid great chsering. It looked all over, bar shout- ing, and still Playing with brilliance, Oldham scored twice again through J. Lees and Sam Minims, Thomas landed a goal, an i the final score was 19 points to 9 in favou, of the Lancashire team.

A better game from the spectator's point of view eiuld ceircely have bee desire 3, Play was open, fast, and exciting from start to finish, while the varying succeßsee of the totals rasied one's interest to fever-heat. Hunslet were A g lot.and would probably have proved equal ti any other team in Lancashire, but against ohihun they ware really outclassed. The play of the winning team wa sperfection itself. Thore was no stopping those brilliant, speeiy passing?, runs, and the only hope for Hamlet was to do likewise. Bat lacking the individual skill of their oppononts, and opposed by a resolute defence, they were unable to mike healway at all once the tide turned. The Gilithorpos were the oaly two men who at all ap- proached the Oldham standard, and their value to Hamlet wig immense Be it noted that the two brothers obtained every point for the losers.

By the way it la worth noting that the cup-holders scored lees againet Warrington than against any team they have met in, the cup competition. even Warring- ton's bitter season has a little eweetness at the end.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

The spell of ill-luck that -3—ee-371; to have pursued War- rington in their inatchei win Bolton for some time. has at least bee left bahini. In other words, the local first eleven on Saturday, lowered the B3lton colours.

Owing to the h.avy rains, the pitch was in a doubtful condition .but was judgei fit to play on at half past two o' the clock. Dr. Smith stmessfully manipulated the coin and7fiecided ti bat first. He and Thewlis went to the wicket and both batsmen lisplayed excellent form but at 34 the professional skied one and fell a victim to Albert Ward who had come with the visitors. For a few wickets the bitting want all to pieces but J. W. Bibby and B. Sitc)nk made a stand, and from 45 runs for seven wick,ts at the captain's retirement the score was taken to 62.

The respite was brief, however, for with the dismissal of Silcock the innings closed for 65 runs, the sub-cap- tain carrying Ints hat out for 15.

The visitors commenced their essay sending A. Ward, and A.. E. Stanley to th, wicket, Dr. Smith and Thewlis sharing too bowling. no homs eleven displaye 1 some exc2ll nt fi +floc!, and Bolton did not score runs quite so rapidly as they expected. A. cheer greeted liampson, who c-right the county player out behind the wicket. Rushton ahi S-aton were seat back without any addi- tion to the score. Ellis and Walker, the Bolton captain, triel to check the fhod of disaster but the latter was dismissed by Dr. Smith witla a capital ball. Ellis batted

with care and judgment bu'; wai caueit OM at the boundary. The end soon came after this, Bllton's .aggre- gate being 46 :ans.

Tha victory i t ) account for, and the credit is due chiefly to Lll:'fletJiut. wh:el was of a high order. Hampson, behind the wick3t, was a valuable man. Dr. Smith and Thewlis b.,th played a An. gam,). They topped the slor<l ft), the home team. making 20 and 16 respectively, ani their bovrling was eonsibtently good throughout. Edis m ide the only score worth mention- ing for the visitors, his total being 26.

It is but fitting if Warrington have started on a career of success, tta*.; they eh-mid 013.43 thnr accnunt with Bolton. The event is an auspicious on and should lead to b4ter things. Sitardiy's in itch WAS worth seeing, and the spec,ators—and there were a good :lumbar— thought to too.

CYCLING.

Owing to the weativ‘r -o-ri—s-Tt-i.rday, the proposed run with the Manchester Vliheehos did no; take place, and a run which the Warrington Cycling Club intended to make t) Kautiford May Festival on Monday evening waS also spoiled.

The following is the result of the club billiard handi- cap, which commenced wih 50 entries :—First prize, W Litton, fitted bag, rizeseated hy Mr J F ernan ; 2nd. J Davenport, ca9e of pip is, value £1 is, given by this President, Mr W Pierpoint ; 3r.1, J Bibby, silver match- box. given by J Davanport ; 4th, W a Bataan, dressing case, given by Dr. Ki4b, ; 5 ,n, J Buxton. cracodils cigarette case, given by Mr J Hulse; 6*.h, J Padmore. lamp, given by J Buxtoo, Mersey Cycle C)inp any. six other prizes were also given by Messrs W il Ballian, C Wood, W Litton, and J Critchlev.

WATER POLO.

The Liverpool and District L-44ue will thi; year again consist of tioree divisions. Tile firAt division will include, as last: year, St.Elelens. Evert on, Warrisgron,and Sefton, witn the addition of Wigan, who were last year top of the second. Toe second division will consist of St.Releng second, Everton seem 1, Warrington se md, White Star, and Sr. Georze's. Toe third division had so many en- tries that it was found ne3essary to div,de it into two sections, as follow :—S:?ctioes A : Sootionort, Sr. Helm( third, Wootton, Gordon, and Penitorolu.b. S-ction B: Wigan secood,Woines, Sefton s3cond,Virnite Stir second. and Evertoa th ri.

INTER WORKS FO6IBA.LI,

MN At RUNCORN-.

PRESENTATION OF THE MEDALS BY MR. F. J.

NOtt MAN.

Saturday saw the close Or this interesting competitlon when Timmins' met Castner Ainer's in the final tie. On the whole the m ash was a disapp )inttront, and judging from the exhibition of ths " titters "thy were not by any means the fittest team:G9 have found their way into the final; indeel they were lucky in getting there at all, was the general opinion. Little interest was manifested in the game as the result was on all hands a foregone conclusion. Bat a large crowd patronised the ' game with their presqnw, Ps a last tribute to the cof- fers of the Runcorn Fo )tball ulub. In the first half Stoneley secured two ties, and Richardson one, and a dropped goal, for Castner Kellner t • whilst Timmins, simply tried to stop them very ineff,c i7ely. In the 5830121 nyiety, Hailwool st....eurei a magnificent try, which he also clriserted ; and Halley (who by the way was lull-back), again got ovir, chi.e bringing the final result up to 19 point' for Castn.er Kellner to their oppo- nents nil.

After the game, the grand sten 1 wis impro* viseol as a platform, and Mr. F. J. Norman, from ths Prt'S I box, presented the teams with gold and silver melals. He oles!rvel that they had now seen the final result of the Inter Works Competition, and he was sure till': the Ru tcora Club were to b 3 congratulated on the snccess. In the first place such a competition most necessarily widen the in- terst taken in what might be de,c-ibed as their national game of football. The Inn:tient i was noised abroad in a w arks that a number of t.ie men had formed a tstm to carry the colours of that particular works through such a competitioa " all sorts ani conditions of men" who before to-ik no interest whatever in ths game, began to d &MISS the merits, and count the chances of their mates. One after the other caught the infection until as the coivest neared the whole estab- lishment was:co osurned With anxiet_v as to the result. In the next place suet' a G-onoetition increased the num- ber of players and brought into the field young men; who once their ambition ws fired would not rest con- tent until they had q thelmie:v.s to rank as first team's players. And then last but no; least a sub- stantial sum was earned towards wiping out the debit balance under which their club laboured. He cautioned them that whiie they should develop this friendly rivalry ts the fell as regards the inter works competi- tion in theif ace of a common foe, all individuality must vanish, ani each team hav, for its objet the training and qualifying of their bast talent for places in the " Grand old Runcorn club." (Cheers.)

And" Now the hurly burly was done. . Now the battle was fought and won."

And to hi 11 WI )340 ;11 ;10 ;"t .3t presenting the visitors with the me lats. They were all agreed that they had been fairly won. (Coeers ) They sometimes heard of te,m3 which had the beet of the play, but the worst of the luck which meant that victory tollowed a "fluke." There was nothing of that sort in this cam- petition. (Cheers.) Merit and success had gone together. (Cheers.) There was a coos ,nsus of opinion that the best tram had won. (Checrs.) In any case the Committee would provide a Cons)lation Competition next year. There woald be a chance for all, and he bade them practice in the meantime se that then they might dislodge Castner Kelner's as they had this year dislodged hi a own CEd Quay team. (Che rs.) Mr Nor- man thea erscoted toe CaptainAof the Cotner team with the grid mod .11, remarking that he might well be , proud of his men and the victory they had won. He also presented the silver medals to the Captain of the - Timmins team, whom he congratulated on rnakieg fight against heavy ocids, Mr. A. Lightburn proposed a hearty vote of tinniest Mr. F. J Norman for al kindly Presenting the medals on Irtnif of the club, arid exort?ssed the inieb'edness of 1:kle Edicarn Football Commicitee to Mr. Norman. Mr. W. Collier seconde the proposal and said be felt sure that Mr. Norman thou4h not so fuer) a sportsman as most of them was or at heart. Anyhow they would be glad to see him amongst them often-r. (Hear, hear.) The vote was aco,r 301 with choers and the singing og "He's a jolly good f- Pow."

TO BE REMENIBEH.ED.

GWLLYM EVA.N.S' QUININE BITTERS-

Has now been establishei over a Quarter of a Century, and is The Leadinl Tonic Me hichie of Th Day, and has no equal for NdIIVOIISNESS, WICIKNO3S. CIIMST APFEOTIO NS. PALPITATII9I‘ OF rfIE HEART, INDICi-HSTION, LIVER COMPLAINT, INFLUNNZ 1, Etc., Etc., Me.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

This Preparation doss not profess to cure in five minutes or the first dose, but claims tint it will speedily relievel and many cases effect a carempon a fair trial being given.

GWILYM EVENS' QUININE BITTERS Has stood the test, and is acknowledged by Patients to be The Best Reme3y of the Age.-- GWILYM EVA.Ni' QUININE BITTERS purely vegetable. Des not contain Mercury, lodine of Potassium, or any injurious drug. dWILYNI EVAN' QUININE BITTERS. Is a Pharmaceutical Preparation of the highest excellence, and is accurately awl scientifically prepared, no expense being spared in its manufacture and preparation. GWILYNI EVANS" QUININE BITTERS.

Do not be persuaded to try olnr prepa..ations because they contain a larger quintitv. V4luable medicines like other commoditiel, the greater their purity and excellence the higher their value and price.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVAN'S' QUININE BIrTERS.

The great success of this eitcina hal caused many imit% ions. Do not purchise any other preparation, but insist upon having the Original and only Genuine Preparation.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BUTERS.

See the name" Gwitym Evans ' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Without which, none is genuile.

GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE YEJETIBLE TONIC. Solcreveywhere in bottles, 23. 91., and 4s. 6d. each.

SOLE PROPRIETORS : QUININE BITTE tS ANUFACTURING

COMPANY, LIMITED,

LL bILLY, S )uTa WALES.

NAT kaRINGTON AND Drs-rtucT AGRI- CULTURAL soonint. President SIR G 'Br GHEE./ BART. Vice-President TENTH ANNU tL SHOW. To be held in

WALTON Pvtii, NE-kg wArtRINGFON, On TIIMIIDAY, 10th AUGU4I', 1893. Classes for Shire klants, Foals. 1. 2 and 3-year old Fillies Draught Galdinzs, Hunter Mares and Potts, Flackaly Mares. and Foals, Forties. Turnouts, Trathtsni.n's Turnouts, Cattle, Meese. B Ater. dgzs, Dross Pon tV and Potatoes. CL() E, VVEDNE3 DA.Y. A.UGIIiT 2ND. For full particulars, P:ize Schedules and Entry Format apply _

H. 1311118-IFORD MRLVILLB, Seoretary. 23. Bold-atreet, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.; I

===== 0002601_18990505_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ' t

ili I 'II ft

===== 0002601_18990505_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tit t , tl

===== 0002601_18990505_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFOBE the MAGP3T.RATES.

OUTBREAK OF SWINE Fsvea AT WARRINGTON. At the Warrinwoe 13-iroizeh Police aeon on Friday before Dr. G end (Lien maeistrees. Thomas Ti pning, 44. Lviefer eetreet, was charged with baying bee 3 pigs in his posseesi io 011 the 10th April. suspected of having swine ter .c aed nit eivieg h)tiee to the police.—Mr. J. Lyon Wnitt.le (town clerk), who appeared to pros, cute stated th.t the penalty was £5 for each pig.—Mr. Ralph Norman, lit-peltor of Nuisances, said he received a copy of a telegram from the Chief Constable informing him that it was believed swine fever had broken out among some pigs beleeging to Mr Robezt Sheldon, of Leingford-strte7, and that two pigs had die 1. He went down there and on the left hand side of Loagford-street, found 22 pigs in stall belonging to 5 different ()woe's. He found two pigs of e defendants which CARS in direct contact with Mr. Sheldon's pigs distinctly marked, and had had no _food fzr three days. He drew the attention of defendant to the n, telliag him that his pigs had swine fever. Defendant replied that they had not been well flr 9 days. There was no doubt in wit- ness's mind that three pies which had died out of the lct had died through swine fever. Five pies had been killed under the order of the Agricultural Board Inspector.— Hugh Fergie on. veterinary sureeon, said the pigs bad been sutferieg for more than a week. Tne symptoms of swine fever were clearly mark d and such a man as Topping would know it was swine fever.—Mr. Whittle said he had a certificate Even the Board to prove it was swine fever.—Defendant said his wife had told him a few days before they were off th iir meat but as regarded knowing tbey had swine fever he was quite innocent. He had kept pigs since the Ceiistmes before last, but did not look after them_ himself.—The deneh said defend- ant ought to hare recognised from their illness that the pigs had swine fever. Ho was fine I the cos's only-28s A DISORDERLY STALL HOLDER IN WARRINGTON MARKET. At the Warrington florougn Police Court on Monday before Mr. F. Monks and other miaistrates, Henry Wardle, 39, Sprinvfieles, Liverpud, WAS charged witn baying been drunk and disord9rly in the Market on Saturday night.—Mr. lilac., market inspector, proved the ease. He said the defendant was in the market.end he was drunk and dtsorierly. Ha took up a position which had not been allotted to him and caused an ob- struction, an I when: he was meeed away he took up another potition Eventually h. took up a third position, and P.C. John.-ion had to take him into custody. The de- l'esit;ent,wleo was a cinacl! dector,hed every opportunity given bird I:3 b cleened to do an and in- sisted upon being locked up.—Defendant said ha tieto Warrington on Saturday night. He WI tom in the habit of coming here for the paa 20 T-aTs, and he had lived in the t9wo for years ; but not recently. lie had seen Mr. Place the preview Wednesday and had asked bini for the ground, and he said he would Ina him a stand if possible. When he arrived at five p.m. Mr. Place had gone to tea. Be had a wife and family to support and was in poor circumstances ; in fact all the money be had unon him when he was brought to the police station was 3s.—Mr. Monks: Yes, but you are here for having been drunk and disorderly.—Defzindant a If I said I had had no drink I should say wh it ia f ilse, but there is a wide distinction between a rum being drunk and having had drink. I was more eecitrd than drunk owing to what I cons'der, d was Uri innju=tice with which I was treated. However, I will throw myself entirely on your hands.—The Chairman But all this has nothing to do 'with the charge. —Defendant was fined ss.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRIDAY.—B fora Dr. Gomel( (in the chair) Mr. J. Heoberd and Ablermun Roberts.

"THE WHoLE THING WAS A BURLESQUE."—Rdwin Butter- worth, who said he was a wiredrawer at. Messrs. Rylands Brothers. applied for temporary authority to sell at the Mersey Vaults, Mersey-street.in lieu of Henry Daly.—Alder- man Roberts said they should have evidence of character submitted to the Bench on such occaaions.—Dr. Gornall : The Whole thin zis a buriesque.—The Chief Comeable said the magistrates could rest assured the pollee investigated the character of applicants end references had alwaya to b.. found. There was ample time before transfer clay for learninu any- thing further. References were then submii ted to the Bench one from Messrs Rylands Brothers, stating applicant had been employed there for 15 years. and a reference from a member of the Town Council.—The Chief Cnnstab'e said tt,ey would submit such referertces to the Bench at any time when required.—The application was graated. "AN llNatil'iLY MAN."--Joseph rurner, Fenton-street Eckington, Sheffield. was summoned for deserting his wife on the 31st March.— r. F R Roberts r-pre.ented the com- plainant.—Mary Ann Turner, 1. Howard-street, Sankey Bridges, said her husband soli a horse and cart and left her on the day in question. She h-d not heard or seen anything of him until the previous night, when his came home drunk. He never tried to get work, and had not worked for 14 months. She kept a little Fhop which Fo-ne weeks did not pay expenses. By Mr. Roberts She had live children and had just buried one. The last child, when horn, was black from head to foot through her husband- striking her.— Defendant admitted the desertion, and made a vague state- ment to the effect that he went away on food Frida because he was forced. "He daent speak he dar'nt do any- thing; if he did others were fetched to him and he was knocked about." It was untrue that he had been setting £3 per week whilst away; he was only earning £l.—The Chair- man said he was an unmanly man, and the Bench granted a separation for the wife and 10a. per week. SATURDAY.—Eefore Mr. GedriPs (chairma3), Messrs R. T. Fairclonch. Thome. Birchen and Thomas I-Tayward. "LIICE WILD BraFers."—Mary Mannion was chargel with making use°, threats towards Margaret Varley on the 27th April.—Defendant pleaded n, t guilty .—Complainant said on the Thursday 114.1 at defendant called through the s •ullery window of her house that she (d fendant) would have her life, and made use of other thr,ats.—Complainant's dauslater also gave evidenee.—Defendant was further charged with Isom- mitting a breach of the peace on the 27th April by lighting in Tanners lane.—Mr. Isherwood, contractor said on the day In question he heard a disturbance and on going to see what it was, found defendant and another woman on the ground tryins to tear each o'her's hair out.—The Chief Constable said it was a most disgracefril row. They were tearing each other's hair like wild beasts. It was defendant's 16th appear- nnee.—The Bench said she wonld heve to find a surety for £5 and be hound over herself for that amount and pay the costs, or in default go to prison for one month to cover both Offences.

MONDA.Y.—Eefore Mr. Monks (in the chair) Alderman Bleetchure, end Me-ire Wright and Blrchal. BTREETIFooTELLLER4 FINED.—John Mitchell (17), 14,Tc wn hill • Thomas Alien (17). 79. liewsev-riad ; George Batley (16) 82, 'Ellesmere-sheet ; and John Weisby ((6). 80 Ellesmere- street were summoned for play ing football in Hill- street on the 22nd April,to the annoyance of pedestrians. —P.C. Heap proved the case.—The Chief Constable re- marked that he had received a great number of complaints from townsmen about this nuis %nee. The seftsen was never over in Wa*rington with street footballers,—Defendants were tech fined se._

MARGARET OAKES AGAIN —Margaret Oakes, 18. Dial-court, lind Clara McGuinness 15, Morris•ceurt were summoned for a breach of the peace in Horserearket-street on the 24th April. —They pleaded guilty.—?. C. Whittaker stated that at the time in question he saw a crowd of peop'e near the Central Hotel, and drfendants with another woman—whom he awre- hended, and who had been sent to prison for a month—were calling each other foul names —Oakes : I'm getting married In the morning. (Laughter.) The Chief Constable informed the 13=nch that Oakes had made 15 appearances. and had been to prison many times. The other defendant had refused to go to a home.—Defendants were ordered to end sureties of £5 each, and to pay the costs the default be that Oakes should have one month's Imprisonment and Merluinness 14 days.

i3EwsleYMnleB Dteonnltutit CoNnildr.—Three young men ""cl JOgeph Dutton, wiredrawer, 30. Catherine-street, Leopold Potter, cycle agent. 14. Pierpoint-st-eet. and 'Williana Messenger. labourer, 39. Pierpoint-street, pleaded liullty to a char.te of being disorderly in Bewsey-road. on Sunday April 23rd.—P.O. ,Reddington stated that at 12-20 (midnight) on Sunday, the 23rd April, be beard defendants sln4nif a Profane song opposite Miss Allen's (newsagent) shop. They caused Miss Alien to fet up to the window to order them off. but they again used bad language. Witness chased defendant up Bewsey-street and caught them at Bewaey Bridge. They refused to give their names and addresses until they reacked the Police Station. The Chief Constable said he considered this a most scandalous case. making use of bad language at that time of the morning.— They were bound over in the sum of £5 ta keep the peace, and to pay the costs (85 8d) each. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and Mr. T. Birchen.

''"MoRE SINNED AGLIN9T—TECLN SINNING.' —Elizabeth Long- shaw, 60, Tanners-lane, was charged on warrant with committing a Pace by fighting on the 27th breach of the P April.—The Chief Constable said anotlyr woman with whom defendant was fighting, was dealt with one day last week, and for another offence in addition was eommitted for a month.—Mr. Isherwood had assured the Bench that this wosoan (defendant). was more sinned against than sinning in this instanee. The defendant had been up 10 times for stealing —The magistrates said althongh her record was net a good one, yet because of what Mr. Isherwood had said they Would dismiss the case. ElOO IN AT-NEARS —Robert Seed was charged on a warrant with being in arrears of £53 Zs 6d under en affiliation order to Sarah Hargr.ny-s The Chief Ccnstahle said that the prisoner really owed the complainant £lOO. as there were two orders against him. proveedings only on the present occasion being taken for one. lie was eight years in arrears.—The Bench decided to send prisoner to gaol for three months.

RUNCORN PET CY .SE9SION4,

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. W Tlmrnins. (presiding). F.

Norman, and P. V?iswall: LICEIt3ING.—Thei following transfers of licences were granted : —The George Inn. Poo'-lane, from Cataerine Ann Percival, to Henry John De Kor.e ; Holyhead Harbour, High-street, from Henry John De Kerte. to James Tatiock ; Oddrellows Arm, Wellington-street, from James Tatloek to Jot-i Harsh. A temp-rrr,, trurder was grante Ito John Henry Lloyd, to 3el at the Devonshire Hotel,Asbridge street, lately wcupied by Alexander ll:Lining, GM:lei To ',lnes UP "—Peter Cawley. blots, WAS sum- mon,ed for negiectinl to send his c'Aild to school. From the echlol attendance officer) it evidence of Thomas BawVet appeared that the child, a boy, Daniel, had nerer made any

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

• • %-

G7.I47I:FUL—COiI.: FOflc. "7.t.Y

;3:I:AV:FA3T AND SUPPER.

CA.DBURY'3 CocoA, on (ha testimony_ o! the Lancet " represen s the eta:lO.AM of highest purity." It is entirely free from all foreign subBtan,3a3, such a 4 kola, malt. hots, Icc., nor is all:all used to darken the colour (and so dee&ve the eye). Dr. Andrew Wlhon. in a re,ent article in the Mustratel Lon foss News writes : " Cocoa is in itself a perfect food, and requires no, aMitim oc drims whltever CADBURY'S Cocae Is absolutely pure, and should be taken by 011 rtud young, at All time 3 and in all seasons ; for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development itt a remarkable degree. Insist on having CAD IAIRY'.. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. fold only in Baskets and Tins.— Advt. (3.)

•

===== 0002601_18990505_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
attendance at all—Defendant's wife explained it was diffi- cult to manage when they could get no one to assist them. Her old chap was 73 years of age and she was 62 years old and had a lame leg. If Al^. B swyer wa, going to be se strict they would have to •'jack up" and go to the workhouse. Young men new-a-days only wanted money and food; not wark.— The Chairman: You will be fined 64 and 4s 6d costs.— Defettdant : Well sir, we will "jack up" Before Messrs F. J. Norman (presidine), and F. Wiewall. A FILTHY ABODE Si' euTrose WEAVER —iamuel Grindley and Mary Ann Grindley. of Goreey oa the banks of the Weaver Canal. were sunemeao i at the instance of the , Podce for neglecting their fo ir children, ell under the age of 16 years. in soele a manner as like'y to (lease untie !essary suffering and injury to their health, at Itnecern on the 21st, of March, and other dates. —Mr. Knowess. Widnes. appeared to prosecute, and explained that in the first in:Vance the action Was taken by the police, bat they had since been handed over to the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, who had eneaged him to represent them. Ely a recent Act of Parliament these people were liable to a fine of £25 and also six months imprisonment, yet in the eyes of the law their offence was net lightly r -warded. Briefly the facts of the case were set out in the foOwing evidence.— Sergeant A. J. Bourne, stationed at Sutton, said his sae°, ion was first drawn to the children on going to the house to serve the defead sat with a com- mittal order in respect of a school attendance case. It Would be about 12 noon on the 21st of April. He noticed the dirty condition of the children and the house. He had seen some bad eases in Northwich hut he would say it was the dirt'est house he had ever ben in and bad never seen anything to equal it The childten were half naked. He believed there were six children sltogether but he only saw four—Julia 13. George?, John 4, and Thomas 2 yeere old respectively. With regard ti the youngest ( thomas) he noticed he was very thin and that his skin was drawn tight. The child was lying upon a dirty bed, full of excrement, Sn the front mem. The bed was an old and dilapidated one standing on three legs and propped up et the other end with pa heap of stcnes. The mattress was falling to pieces end nearly rotting with 6th. The child Thomas hid nothing but a dirty chemise on. and there was no bed eovering at all, It was a cal day and not a bit of fire in the grate. The child was suffering and WAS crying at the time. With respect to George, aged 7, he was without shoes and stockings, and his akin was thick with Alth. There were several worm is up m his feet an tone on the heel, also a gathering wound on the left foot. It was in a painful state and the boy sale he suffered very much from it. The small child had a burn on its leg, and around the wound there was an old dirty bandage. He (the officer) felt it was his beenden duty to report the matter, and did so at once. Defendant was a farm labourer employed at Fox Hill Farm by Mr Philip Speakman, his wages behig 21 Is a week. He was a`man that stuck very well to his work but was often drunk at the week end. In witness's opinion it would be lesnefiCiel for thtl Children if they were taken to a Workhouse Infirmary and cleansed. Till ogfer two children were very ill-clothed. They possesseit ile Undertiothin; at all and the girl had only a small old skirt pinned around her. Tlle mothzr herself also appeared in a very dirty state. On keing up.staiesteeiound the place destitute o' furniture : there ts;nng but a bed and another mattress that also stank fear- fully. He believed that 4of the children slept on it. De- fendant d,d not come house only at week ends; and gener- ally got home at about quarter to eleven at night.—Defen- dant said that he WAS sure his children were not neglected, They were healthy children and woull comoare with any in Cheshire. He had never had is pay a farthing to the doctors respecting them.—John Spender. sch 01 attendance officer testified to the children being dirty and iliclothed. bat con- sidered they were well fed and tealthy.—Walter Hackett, inspector of the N.S.P.C.C.. stated he visited the house on the 27th of April. The state of the house would he a little better than describtel by Sergeant Bourne downstairs but the upstairs was every bit as bad as stated. Thomas and George were suffering extreme pain; in his opinion. etnnecessarily. Had the children been left without medical atteedance he had no doubt as far as he could judge, that the children would hive come by their death There was scare ly any food in the house.—The female defendant state si that she brought bread an t butter and sugar for the inspector to see and told him that wan all the food that poor people could provide. Her children were well fed and did not look as if they w--re" clemmed."—P.O. Ridgeway gave evidence of a corroborative eature.—j tin Penny. D Sc.. N. 8., affirmed that on Thursday last 27th April, he was called to the house. He examined the child (Themes) whom he found to be suffering from an old wound that had evidently been neglected. George the other boy was also in a bad onndition. The children had been washed and were fairly decent in appearance on his seeing them, —Samuel Grindley, the defendant, said he worked on Fox Hill Farm. He earned 216 a week, out of which he paid 2s 6d for lodging as he lived at Sutton Weaver, 4 mile.: off He came home every Saturday night, an I wen tawav on th s Sunday. He had saven children altogether. One worked a little and got 6s a week. He gave his wife his money and she managed as best she could. They had is large family to keep. He did not drink as had been stated, an i was never summoned for being drunk in his life. There were a lot of unfriendly neighbours living there, and it was nothing but spite that had brought the case against him. —By Mr. Knowles: The reason he lived so far from his work was because he could not get a house any nearer. He had two rents to pay : 2. for his house, and 2s 6.1 for his lodgings. He keerst that his child's foot had been insured about 5 weeks since and had asked his wife,to go and take him to a doctor.—Mr Knowles: How is it that you do not sea that your children are wash d ? Witness: I can't wash them sir. I have to go and mind my work. I don't suppose you wash your children sir ? (Laugh- ter.)—He might have taken the children to the doctor him- self but, didn't care to go on "spec" and find the doctor out. He never got drunk as he had nothing to get drunk with.— The wife corroborated her husband's statement as to receiv- ing all the money he earned. He neve- neglected his child- ren at all, but gave them everything he could. He did not drunk, but the night that Sergeant Bourne spoke about he had had a little drop (Tha Husband : I dropped in with a, friend I hnd not seen for some time.)—She denied the cond- Von of the house as being as deseribe I and asserted she did wash the house and the children. -13fizebeth Ann Turner, wife of Thomas Turner. a neighbour though called for the de- fence gave evidence of the children being dirty. and stated ' that Mrs Grindley was not a very tidy woman herself, She had never been in the heuse. The children appeared well-fed. —The Bench dismissed the case against the man. The case against the female defendent was adjourned for three weeks to see if there would be any improvement in the condition of the home. And if the best use was not made pf the money at her disposal the female defendant would be sent to prison.— Defendant thanked the Ben oh and withdrew. DOG AT LARGE.—William Nickson, Heath-road, Runcorn wss summoned for allowing his dog to roam at large with, out a collar and muzzle in Bridge-street on the 21st of April 1893.—P.C. Edwards proveed the offence to which the defen- ant had pleaded guilty, and a fine of 5s inclusive of costs was imposed and paid. DRUNK AND DIBORDRRL Y.—Evan Evans, Lowlands-road, refreshment house keeper, was summone I for being drunk and disorderly in High-street, Runcorn at 11-33 on the 29th April.—He pleaded guilty —P C. Fry proved the case,—The Chairman expressed regret that snob a respectable person should be brought before them and hope i ha would never come there agein.—A fine of Sc and costs was inflicted. AN OLD OFFENDER.—Elizabeth Barker, of no settled abode, but lase of Runcorn, was charged with being drunk and dig orderly in Bridge-street. Runcern, at 12 p.m. on the 30th of April, 1889.—Defendant admitted the off MOO.— PC. Fry observed the woman in the eondition described and went up to her. She besame very violent, used had language, and was consequently locked up.—Superintendont Pearson stated it was prisoners 31st appeerance.—She was sent to prison for OD@ month with hard labour.

3.lit. LEVI RICHARDSON ON THE" VOICE." The following extract is from "The Warrington Circuit Wesleyan Methodist Church Record " Our readers wal be glad of the opportunity et ' reading this extract from the Norwich and Ely 1 Training College Old Students' Club College Letter, of March, 1899. One morning in November, a very interesting, useful and practical lecture on " The VoiC3," was given by 'Mr. Levi Richardson, who on two occasions of paying a fling visit to Norwich, has given the College the benefit of his very wide knowledge ana experience. He expounded the principle of the matter shortly and clearly, and ptt all peent through their paces in masterly style, and, not least, he gave practical illustrations of his own precepts with his fine and cultured voice. The students were highly appreciative, and only lamented that he did not sing more than ha (lid. THE SITE FOR THE CliolaWELL STATUE. According to "The Warrington Circuit Wesleyan ' Methodist Church Record," "there is great dissatis- faction throughout the town over the site which has been cnosen for the statue. Our contemporary says: "It is a; poor and contemptible thing after having accepted a gift unwillingly, to hide it away in an inconvenient corner. The impression which prevails may be mistaken, but it looks like one of the fantastic tricks 'of vain man dressed in a little brief authority'. If the town were an Athens crowded with statues, there might be some excuse for putting Cromwell out of the way. The imagin- ation does not picture a great soul despairingly seeking amid a multitude of statues for a suitable site, hut something quite different and altogether less eclifyinz. The whole town was before whoever want forth to seek the site. It seems a pity that the proper site in front of the Town Hall should have been appropriated to a fountain. It will awaken strange thoughts in tha reflective to see a Walker fountain in front of the Town Hall, and n 'Cromwell statee at Bridge Poet. This was done at Warrington in the last year of the nineteenth cen- tury. While we feel with those who express their diesatisfaction in t?rms much stronger than we have ventured to use, we would like to point out that in one sense the site chosen is most appropri- ate, inasmuch as the '.losing scene of the Preston fight took place at Warrington Bridge. Walter Scott's Dugald Dalgetts was present at that fight. There is a graphic picture in Carlyle'e Cromwell ' of the wounded Dalg,tty. and of the scene which took place in front of the site on which Crornwell'e I alighterl ; but the con- statue is to be Placed.—' atant alarms of the enemy's approach male me re- solve to ride forward to Warrington which was but a mile ; and indeed I may say I slept all that way, notwithstanding my wound..

===== 0002601_18990505_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 5. 1899.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CIRIOKSTERS will be glad to know that Geo. G. Bussev & Co.'s Catalogue is Tit. ant may ln?. obtained from spots Dealers. This Kanufacturttag Firoa ia ,alwava bent on mprovetnents. One of G. G. B. & Oo.'a Spaolalities for th 3 oming Season is the new" 4,t3n" Sall, which. by reason ofan improved rneth3.l of constru3ting the cover, they guarantee wUI kaep a true shape longer,and wear better than any ball made under the old system. The price remalus the Same.—Advt. (2)

===== 0002601_18990505_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
. NORTHERN UNION CUT. OLDHAM DEFEIT HONSi,Er AND WIN THE TROE'HY.

The great interet centre] in this final tie was evid- enced be tho fact that about 25.000 people gathered on the ground of the Manchester A'hletic Club, at Fallow- field, Manchester, to witnees the encouliteir. Profi!ing by the exporiaeces gained in h• recent A-societion Cup tie, which was commenced at the same venue, tee: had to be ab led mad onfaceour,t of the encroachment ref the spec-ett ire on the &II of play. the authorities made every!arrengernent to cone with a larze crowd,additional barrica lee being greet d, and an f xtra force of police being employed, so that on this eccasfen everything pass id off satisfactorily. The Cup was only instituted three years ago, arid the fir it two competitions reeulted in a Yorkshire club carrying off the trophy. This season, however, tee Line istri Ana bad strong hopes of gettine possession of the coveted cup and the fact that both Yorkshire and Lancashire were reprevnted in the final, revive] to a certlin extent the old rivalry that usei to exic in football contests between teams repre- sented the rival roses. A vicrory fqr o!lha.m wrs go tier- ally expected, and anticipat-One in this respect were fully realised, as the game intimately ended in their favour, amid no little enthusiam, by a majority of ten points. The teams were as follow : Oldhsur.—R L.Teemas, back ; T Davies. T Fletcher, S Lees and S Williams. three-quarter backs ; A. Lees (captain) and J R Lewten, half backs ; J M ,ffatt, G Frater, E W Telfe E Bower, H Ellis, H Broome, .1 Lees, and W B trees, forw.rds. Hunsiet.—J Mitchell, back • W Hannah, A E Gold• th erpe, W Goldthorpe, and J W Wright, three-quarter becire ; E Fletc her ard H Robinson' half-backs; T C Young, R Rubrey, T Leach, T Walsh, 0 Walsh, J Roma.ge, J Harrison, and El Wilson, forwards. le face ; Mr T H Marshall (Bradferd). Touch judges Mes;r lill Waller (Brighouse) and J H qoughton (St. !Idea). The visitors started the game, which bad scarcely been in progress five minutes ere Albert Golithorpe kicked a goal for Huuslet. Incited by this early disaster , the Oldham fifteen immediately rushed the ball down ' the ground, and Davirs, picking it up, deshel over the line. The try at goal wes entrusted to Lees, who was snceessful in his kick. The Yorkshire team attacked vigorously after the drop mat, the brothers Goldthorpe putting in some sterling play on their behalf. Before many more minutes had passed Walter Goldthorpe se- cured a try, which his b-other Albsrt improv, d uponetn d subsequently the latter dropped another goal from half way, which enabled Hunslet to cross res or with a lead of nine points to five. With the change of mils Oldham played up brilliantly, and the fray was chiefly fought out in their onponeets' territory, where early after the resemption Williates sec ire] possession, and got behind. Lees kick, this time, however, was a failure. Then in rather coick suceession Meff .tt. J. feeea, an Wiliiami added tries, but only the la4-nane d's was converted —Thomas placing the goal. Hunslet failed to augment their score, and at the cloes °Mein were decltred the wieners by two goals and five tries to three goals and one try.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

EARLESTOWN v. REF OF ALLIA.NOE.

The concluding match ef the season was played on the Mesnes ground on Saturday. By winning so handso:nely against Actler Bridge on Thursday in last week Earlea- town made their position as champions of the Alliance, secure. This is the second time Eartestown have lo,en champions, and,as on the first nee-maim, this season they liave gone through their fixtures with but one def-,at, that being at the hands of St. Helens Rene et S. Helene, *aril' on in the seaeon.The championship flag was hoisted -j4ut before the match and on Saturday morning the cup was conveyed from Wigan, its appearance on the ground being the signal for a general rush to the pavilioa to get a view of the hard fought for and coveted trophy. The picked team was a very strane one netwithstanding the fact that both St. Helens Rees. and Haydeck refused to allow any of their men to play. Just before the comtnencement,the Itirlestnwn 'Alain was photographed with the Cup in fret of them and when this el:melon had been pn- formed the game was started in the presence of about 1.000 spectators. The visitors had the wind b2hind them in the first moiety and they soon began to make their presence felt. Goad defer Aye work by the backs kept them out, however, and the Earlcstowo left wing pair got nicely going Snell splendid pissing bet Teen settle and Leach endin:g in the formee getirace in aline centre which Hamelon put over the bar. Midfield play I was the order for a time after this and then Lintan got possession and passed to his bother on the extreme right. This player centred and Linton met the ball and crashed it into tie net, giving Chew no possible chance of saving. R msed by this, the hornesters get going, and a foul near the half way line gave them a chance. The free kick was well placed by Green. but Harrison re'inved the pressure by kicking outside. Half- time I.—Rest,l ; Earlestown, nil; On restarting the homestera soon began to make things hum, and they gave the visiting defence plenty of wenk. The equaliz- ing goal was not long in coming. The point was the outcome of some pretty work by Settle ansl Leach, the former's centre neing met by Hampsen. and oremptly convetted. The Rest were now penned in their own goal, and it was rirely they got past the dividing line. Soon after Earlestownes goal, the visitors broke away. and Chew being out of his goal, the ball was put into the net before they could gat near it. Before the finish Earlestown were several times within an ace of seoring. On one occa- sion. Leach met a cent ra of Harrison's and shot at a ter- rific rate aga,net the upright, the re-bound being met by Pettle who shot into Range's hande. Sion after this L-ach shot in from long range and the wind curial the bdi round and it struck the corner of the crossbar. The unrieht was also hit by Hampson, the ball seeming to go everywhere but in thenet. Ahrut 15 minutes b4ore the finish Parr scored the equalising point from abont 40 yards range,the hack missing his kick and the cuStedian allowing the leather to pass slowly into the net. Final : Earlestown 2, Rest of Alliance 2. Alter the match the Cup was presented to the cham- pions by Mr. R. B. Toft, who complimeeted the team on their splendid achievement and hoped that this would Inot he the last time the Cup would come to Ear!es• town.

Mr W. Wilkinsqn,the captain of theEarlestown team, suitably respinded, and the champions werk clnverd in Mr. Isa.nc lingt%in's beat char-a-banc to the Griffin. the Cop being prominently held to view in the frobt of the conveyance,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ItHODESIA.N SHARES.

If we Examine the London Stock 'Exchange list of quotations of training and land shares, we shall find that the shares of those companies which are devoted to the exploration and development of lands and gold mines stand at far higher prices than those of mining corn- panies proper. Among the companies carrying on this kind of work in Rhodesia, the prespects of tbe Austen (Gwolo) Development Syndicate, Limited, are second cp none, taking into consideration the fact of the smallness of its capit A, which is only £50,000, in £l. fully-paid-un shares, and that it owns a farm of 6,000 acres and 507 claims, in the test keown and most important gold mining districts of Rhodesia. The latest reports from the manager in Rhodesia state that " during the week some rich float has be 'n pi7ked no on the ttrike of the reef at the Old Dog ' Mine." " Have started to sink on that pay shoot on the Jackson, and it is paying wonderfully." "Have started some work on the Gwelo Main Reef and Clackmenan, and have a shaft going dowa on the Jacksen, where good ore was found." "Found nice specimens of visible gold from the shaft on the Jackson. Greatly ,leased with the ap- rearance of the reef ;it is reek which pans well." "Old Dog.Jessep and Jackson will mike a very nice comu4ny with four reefs and splendid site for reduction works and storage dams for water." "We have Huai good ore at Scouts in the old workings ; excellent, showing rich visible gold." The properties acquired by the Anse ten (Gwelo) Development syndicate. Limited, as nil be seen from the above, are of a magnitude which now places the company in a position to reap the great ad. vantages and profits arising from subsidiary companies formed to work portions of their large estates. At the present price of about £2 per ehare, at which the ebsree are now dealt in on the Lerden Stock Exchange, they should be a good speculative investment, as there is twerp probability ef their very shorty itnproving to many times their present price.

LA.N CASH Y.M.C.A.'S HALF- YEARLY CONFERENC PI ,

_ On Saturday, Mr. A. E. Windle, secretary of the Warrington 'Y.N.L.C.A., was one of the Speakers at the half-yearly conference of LancasbirerY.M.C.A,'e, held at Preston,Ouildhall, under the presidency of the Mayor of Preston (Councillor J. Pearon). Mr. Windle's subject was the " Y.M.C.A.'s Badge," and after explaining the meaning of the design, letters, and symbols of the badge. he dwelt upon the ad•• Yanteges of members showing their colours, as a means of recognition of and insnirOon to weaker brethren. The local association was also represented by Mr. John S. Green. -1 'The Medie3l Profession recommend the moderate use o well niatur- d PORT WINE in eases of Influeuzs. W. F.nd .A.•GILBEY ?me special!" selected the tine-?t Wine from °part° for this purpose and thus placed their 3,0C0 ~'sgents in a position to supply their Invalid Port ,at 23. Cd per tottle ineyery town.—A r t. '

===== 0002601_18990505_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKE T.

WARRINGTON V. BOLTON.—At Arpley on Saturday. War- rington succeeded iu basting Bolton by 19 runs. eore and bowling analysis :

WARRINGTON. BOLT/If. Dr Smith n Stanley b Ellis 20 A Ward c Hampson b ThawUs cl Ward b Hilts J Gallon 0 Brierley b Ellis... 1 A E Stanley b Thr,wlis & H Oenham c Rushton b ati Slater b Smith 14 alloy . 2 W We.lk.,r b Smith 2 G Clarke is Hills °apt Plomer is Halley j W Bibby cot out - __

, H Connor b Haney 3 us H illoack 'B Ili W 11 Podunre st Pirstsr 4 W4tkinson b Thowlis 4 b Hills G dampsoo 1 b w b Halley 1 Thewlis W Brlerley not out Hxtras

otal BOWLING ANALYSIS- . WARRINGTON. BOLTON.

BMA lB 6 33 6 Dr Smith 2O 11 18 3 W Brieriey ...... 4 1 7 0 Thewils FlRltev. _ _ _ _

PftrEß. WALIV.:R &ND SON LIAitTED. 2ND ELEVEN V RIC- L.INDs Baoa.—Plaled on Saturday. Score :

BREWERY. BYL AND& Tomkinsm b Dakin Wright b Dain 1 Dakin b Collins Bamber b Plevin 0 Knott b Ashton .2 Fairhurst b Dalcin 2 Webb b Ashton 0 Turner not out Ashton o Kenyon, b Webb 18 Heople a Knight b Knight A Webb 1 Ashton Uusworth a Jolley b Bate... 1 Pate b Collins 2 Collins b Webb 0 Reddish a Ashton b Douelyn cyfebt• b Uakin 0 _Collins _ _ 0

Speocisr o Evans b Dakin... 0 Kenyon b Ashton 0 Morris not out 0 Jolley b Ashton Extras l3 Extras 2

'Total EARLESrOWN PRIMITITE METHODISTS I% WIEDLE —Alt St, Helena on Satutday. Own)

EABLESTOWN P. M. WINDLg. IS 1 W Mullins C Johnson T Williams o Austin b b Stanley H Banton b Stanley lO G Hyde u and b Austin... 17 J T Austin b Rigby .. 5 W Slocornbs retired l2 G Taylor o Moyle b Rigby 3 T Stinley CS Banton b W Morris b Rigby 3 Morris W Parrott b Phillips la C Phillipl b Austin ... ...... 16 W Jones not out 6 A Rigby b Austin 1 W Harrison b Phillips 7 R Moyle b Harrison 0 J _Baxter o Moyle b _ J Pringle o Mullins b ._ _ _

Phlllins.. .. 3 Austin' P Topping b dtauley P Mullins b Stanley.. 0 J Phillips not out 4 GI Slocombe b Austin Extras

Tot4l LEIGH V. NEwros.--At Leigh on Saturday. Score ; NEWTON. LEIGH II R Hindley c Glarside Mayall b Jones b Hindley 1 Garside a Stableford b Jon-s b Turner ltylance c Unsworth b Williams b Hylance l4 Hindley l5 Tamer b Stableford Gtre c Pass b Hindley I) Hindley b Jones— .. 0 Stableford c Porter b Pear- Stewart b a W Hiud ey 2 son Henderson a Hilton b Pass b SLableford 0

Brown R Carson e Turner b Pear- 4 Porter b Stableford... 0 6011 3 Hilton not out 0 J Carson lbw b Pearson... 4 Wright riot out

O W Hincito, c Pass b Pearson 4 Perry b Pearson ......... 0 Extras 0 Extras 2

Total

Total 75

WARRINGTON AMATBUR LEAGUR.

ARPLEY V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND.—At Arpley. Great intertst was manifested in this match, and it was the first game plard un4er the league. Sankey batted first and fared very badly, the first eight wickets filling for twelve runs. The Inningi totalled 34. Arpley played a run-getting game, as four men run our, will show. The innings totalled 37,thus winning the match by three runs. Score :

SA.SKICY. ARPLEr. Evans b F Jevekea Monks b Crank 0 Dutton run out 4 Cook b Crank

Hawthorn c and b F Houghton b Evans 3 Jowkes Barlow b Crank 0 J Hughes run out Snaw c and b P Jewkes..... 0 F Jewkes b Dutton . 2 Clegg b to Jewkes Thompeon o it Hughes b J son 3 Hughes Pritchard lbw b F Jew .es 6 Feunelly b Thompon 0 Dutton run out Spencer not out 1 Extras 3 Extras 2

Tot 11 34

Total

OUR, LOCAL OriURCIIES.

cams rADELPHIAN MEETING ROOM.

In the Chrietadelpaian liketing RJoel, Bold-street, Mr. E. Bellamy, of Stockport, lectured on Sunday, his sub- ject being " Tneu shell the righteous shine forth as the Sun in the Kingdom of their Father." Tne Lectarer obeerved that these words of Christ brought several questions before them for consideration; What was the Kingdom? Woo were the righteous ? V4ho was tbe father of the righteous ? When would the righteous he rewarded,and what would be their reward? Paul answered all of the questions in very few words in the 8:h of Romans. Tnose who were led by the spirit cf God were sons of God and heirs; joint heirs with Christ. To those who thought heaven .eas the Kingdom of God. the Lecturer pointed out such paseages as " Thy Kingdame Come" in the Lord's prayer, which were not in accord with this idea, and Christ's " Woe unto you, scribes and pharisees, hypecrites ! " pieetided the idea of the King. dm of God being in tbe heart, for it was to "to those hypocrites that Christ said "The Kingdom of God is within yoa." The Church could not ba the King- dom of Gcd for it was an easy metter for a sick man to enter the church, and Christ represented it as almost impossible for a rich ram to enter the Kingdom. The incidents of the thief on the cross and the house of many mansions Were;very fully jealt with; popular ' ideas being compared with scriptural statements with which they alone were utterly irreconcilable. in John 20 and 17 they found recorded that Christ had not as- cended to the Father several days subsequent to the ona inwhich the thief made his request. God's house was never mentioned as. heaven at all but the temple was called God's House and was a typo of the living temple "the Church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth." If Christ wore going: to Heaven to prepare a place there, it would suggest the question ! Dees Heaven need any preparation? And what about others who have gone to an unprepared place. Heaven was perfect, and the Kingdom of God would be in the earth, net in heaven at all. Christ said "I will come again and receive you unto myself " and" Behold I come quickly and my reward is with me, to give every man aceerding as his word shall be." The righteous would shine forth as the sun "In the regeneration when th Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory "and in this lete eay of the Gentiles, they had the inestimable privilege of patting themselves, in a state of relationship I to the good time coming. CROMWELL TERCENTENARY.

On Sunday morning at Cairc-szeet Chapel, the Rev. W. H. Drummond dealt with the subject of Religiou3 TOleration and Liberty of Conscience in connection with the series ol sermens on Oliver Cromwell4Af ter pointing out the way in which religioes toleration had become a living question in the 17ch century, he proceeded to make Cromivell's own belief clear by some striking quo- tations from his letters and speeches. For long he was regarded as an ambitious and unscrupulous autecrat, a schemer and charlatan in affairs of State, for whom no censure could be too bitter to be undeserved. That pre- judice ea as at last dead in the minds of all reasonable people, but there was perhaps a lingering suspicion even en the part of those who would like to think otherwise, that Cromwell'a religious policy was marked by an ale- sence/of toleration, if not by arbitrary harshness. That was an opinion founded upon prejudice and hearsay,and not upon a real study of history. On the contrary,ameng all the great statesmen of English history none bad tried to be more loyal to the principals of religious liberty and achieved a larger SUCCO39 in the face of great diflicultie Baxt,r, who was no friendly judge of the Protmor, could say of him, "Cromwell and his ;Intuit took en hem to join no religious party, but to be for the equal liberty of all." The history of English religioa for the last two hundred years bad borne upon it the impress of principles eelice the great Protector first clothed with teeny for the English mind. With much pain and struggle they bad accomplished what he tried te do,and at last the principle for which he contended, had become almost an axiom of their thought. The great statesman of modern England was also the feunder of our religious libertieo. The tolerance of Cromwell was the tolerance of a deeply religious man. Is was the cnly kind of tolerance which they need be at all anxiers to possees. There were some peple who made a great pro. tession of • Liberalism, but it was the Liberalism of indifference. They were sceptical about anything, and RO they did not care whether man felt or believed any- thing deeply. If they were intolerant of all it was better still to belie-Ye in spiritual freedom because they believed in God. Their faith in liberty must be rooted in religien. It was their timidity which made them narrow. They were afraid for truth, they were afraid for God because they saw such a Hun way into His pur- poses. Once let their minds lie open to the living influ- ences of His grace ; once let their minds he kindled into order bythe slow and sure unfolding of His truth ; once let their souls be penetrated by some feeling of the large- ness and mystery of ;God's purposes for them and for the world, and they should desire to give all men liberty to wcrship Ged according to their eorscience, and to seek for tee larger truth hich might yet break forth frem His Word; not because they doubted or denied, or held their owu convictlous lightly, tont'for this reason that religion was such a deep and real thieg to them and they had learned that it was no small part of Chris- tin piety to honour the voice of reason and conscieece, their own or another's, which was the word of God in he seul of man.

THE FORTHCOMING WYCLIFFE BAZAAR.

The Grand "Excelsior" Bazaar which is being pro- mat ,d in connection with Wycliffe Congregational Church promises to be a huge success. Arrangements are now practically completed for the opening cere- mony in Parr Hall on Tuesday afternoon, when Lieutenant-Colonel W. W. Pilkington, J.P., of Pres- cot and St. Helens will declare the bazaar open. The decorations have been entrusted to Messrs. F. Le Maistre and Co., of Manchester, and they will be on a scale of unusual beauty. Visitors will find themselves surrounded by an Alpine Village, above which the migtty mountains rear their snow capped summits in solemn grandeur And silence. In the valley—where the lowing of the cattle and the bleating ot the goats is not heard—will be found houses of every descrize ion such as may be found on the slopes of the Alps. Their quaint roofs,their corner turrets, or castellated tops, contrasting yet blending with the humble dwellings of the mouetitineers. Here is a solid stone gateway; there, a picturo-que chalet with its overhanging roofs. Here the quaint gables of the citizen's house and there the gateway of the hotel, surmounted by a clock bidding the hungry ones hurry. The mountain torrent, the heights from which the avalanches pour down their dreaded showers of snow and stories, the pine woods, the cottage of the hardy mountaineer, the appalling precipice, will all be there, and the whole scene nest vividly pour- trayed and realistically arranged. In the ante-room of the Hospice, attractions and entertainments galore will be provided. The bazaar will be brilliantly lighted by electricity supplied by the Warrington Electric Light and Power Company, Limited. After the vigorous efforts that have been put forth to attain the success of the bazaar we hope the following prediction will come true :

At the break o'dqy ht sleep profound, The TreAsurers were duly found, Still grasping like an Iron vice, A bauk-book with the strange (levies,

--BX ORLSIOR t"

The objects of the bazaar as stated in the hand- book wl.ich has been very artistically turned out by the " Examlner " Printing Works, are most worthy, and should appell ts everyone. Virecliffe Church. it nppe its, was opened for public worship in 1873, being erected upon the site of the former chapel, which had become inadequate to the re- quirements of the Church and congregation. The outlay then involved was about £9,000. 'the school buildings, with the exception of some additions mane in 1834, are of older dete than the church buildings, and have been used for day school pur- poses, there being large, mixed, and infant schools which have been in existence since 1870. The use of these premises for the work of the day school considerably unfit,s them for church purposes, and consequently the need of suitable rooms for social and religious meetings has been greatly felt for a long time. Some cottage property immediately adjoining the Church, situate in Edgeworth-street, came into the market at the beginning of the pres- ent year. As these houses had long been regarded as a deeirable and even necessary acquisition, the deacons secured the property at the auction sale for the sum of £557 103. The g-ound on which this property is situate beinz, as already state I, imme- diately adjoining the Church, it is contemplated to remove the existing coLtages and erect a building harmonious in appearance with the architecture of the Church, which shall include an assembly room capab'e of accommodating 300 persons, which would be suitable for Lectures, Week Evening Services, Congregational Meetings, &c; also a Ladies' Parlour, for the use of working and other ladies' meetings, a Vestry, &c, &c. The deign has been prepared by gMr. P. Silcock, F.R.1.8.A., of Warrington. It is believed the building can be erected for £1,700. The people ' of Wycliffe have long had the idea in their mind of providing a suitable and well-deserved memorial of their late valued and beloved friends Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rigby, of Bruche Hall. There can be no doubt whatever that to the devoted labours, loving attachment, and large generosity of Mr. and Mrs Rigby, Congregationaliem in Warrington is incal- culably indebted. Others, of course, and some very Conspicuously, have aided the cause by faith- ful work and munificent support, but the universal feeling is that to Mr. Rigby supremely is the honour due of having rescued Congregational- ism in this town from comparative obscurity, and of having pre-eminently helped to place it upon a foundation of influence and power. For upwards of 20 years he served as deacon, for many years as treasurer, taking his share also of the work of superintending the Sunday school. His gifts to the support of the Church were mos,t. large and gener- ous. His presence could a'aveye ha reckoned upon, both Sunday and week day. " Wycliffe " always with Mr. and Mrs. Rigby, stood supreme, and no social engagements or personal gratifications were allowed to hinder their loyal and untiring service. When the time came for their removal from War- ringtod, the heaviest sorrow of the separation was that of leaving Wycliffe, and for many years after leaving Mr. Rigby continued to be a large contribu- tor to the funds. It is thought, therefore, that the new buildings now contemplated should most ap- propriately be called "The Rigby Memorial Build- ings,"hy means of which in future days not only Wycliffe people, but Warrington people of every church and party, should be reminded of a former citizen whose genial presence and generous sym- pathy were ever conspicuous and esteemed. The bazaar is intended: Ist. To discharge the debt in- curred by the purchase of the property. 2nd. To aid in providing a fund fer the erection of the memorial building. Under the direction of Mr. W. H. Payton. Mus. Bac., and Mr. R. H. Pearson an excellent orchestra will perform each even;ng in the large hall. The aide attractions will be thoroughly in keeping with the rest of the arrangements. An amusing sketch, entitled "The Bengal Tiger" will be given by a talented company of artistes; an exhibition of wax works will also be given, containing characters from history, literature, and art, and a series of tableaux, " from grave to gay, from lively to severe.' A hat trimming competition, for gentle- men only. will be held, besides other a tractions. On Wednesday, Mrs. E. Shorrock Eccles, of Huy- ton, will opsn the bazaar ;on Thursday, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, of Walton Lea, will perform the opening ceremony, and on Friday, Miss Naylor, of Cuerden Hall.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON.

THE REQUIREMENTS OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. From "St. Paul's Parish Magazine" for this month we quote the following :—" £6,000. This modest (?) sum is urgently needed by the Vicar and wardens of this Perish. More will be said about this next month. The following are the objects for which the money is required :—S2OO for the Church Restoration Fund, including clergy stalls and improvement to choir stalls. £2,000 for the endow- ment of the living and freeing of the church from seat rents. The endowment at present is under £lOO. £3,000 for a church hall, including land. £l,OOO for class-rooms, &c ,at All Saints.' " ASK. or CUNNINGHAM' HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18990505_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SPIRITUALISM.

The first meetings in connection with the above mission were addressed by Mr. E. Marklew on Sun- day ' • in the afternoon on "The present need." and in the evening on "The utility of Spiritualism." Both addresses wore very closely followed by the audiences. On Monday evening Mr. Marklew took questions from the audience, to which he replied, and afterwards gave a little clairvoyance. On Tut!s- day evening the meeting was addressed by Mr. James Swindlehurst, the organizing agent of the Spiritualist Federation, who dealt with the general subject of the nature and philosophy of spiritual- ism, and was followed by Mrs. Shaw, of Preston who Rave a number of clairvoyant delineations.

CHINA TEA bERVICES, Dinner Services, Toilet and Trinket Sets. Cheapest honse.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger. Bridge-street, Warrjngt TRW NEW RAGGED k' C 0a L MISSION.

At the new premises of this mission, on Sunday, a musical service was held, The Ragged School was established about twelve years ago for the purpose of bringing together the poor ragged waifs and gutter children in Warrington. The children have been taught to sing and read Bible lessons and in addition to the Sunday services they have a Drum and Fife Rand which practise twice a week,a choir practioe and a girls' sewing class weekly, and there is also a good Baud of Hope in connection with the school. During the past year clothing has been supplied to some 200 children and it is needless to say the mission is doing exceedingly good work. During the service special hymns were sung,assistecl by the United Band of Hope choir, under the con- ductorship of Mr. Fanshaw. In the evening a special set vice was conducted by the Rev. F. g. Powell, vicar or S. James', Latch ford,who took for his text the words, "A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return. And he called his ten servants and said unto them, occupy, till I come" (Luke xix. 12 and 13).

===== 0002601_18990505_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
. -- ..--71-'-----,---7-- --------:,_- _-,:4:'s'7-`'t:: ,f--- '-',------.-2:::f'-' ,A, ~. ,:.•‘.,,..,..-:, . -,, ~ /17' 01. OPE, 1 t k ''''•\\•\\* ' • \,` \ \ i \,,: ‘St . (I'4 '7- •A..,.! 4.y2 ~.4'.., \\\ \-sl.,V,l,l':\‘''.•::‘:;', ~,,1 .-..--.- • , ,I, 4. --,24 -,..• k.-.-:----,-, -..-..---.. ~. ! s, >-, \\ , .•\ 1 F:. - '.--'..:-.---,-.,--. -. ) , - '.. Ze./ 4Nk • : . . . ... : ;:. :..-s:. ::::•:::::- -,. /,•-',' ' ',----.' 47 _.7,..-- - -..- ~\,. 4*, .NC 14,1‘,4‘' .a, :., ... -::::.::?f::::. ::.. . . ~.., P.; ,„''-,...; :i:if:::::::.:n ',;...,././...?,:-T . . .. ;if::: •1 ,9 .........,,,,,....,..,:.,,.:..,,:..),.. \\ , ~......: \\•\•.. •,,ii:::::::.:i:-::-..::. *i:%:;:::i:i:i:::,, ~„. ..:-..: -0.1‘...:....*•:,-..... -• . . ::::F-... .-ie ; 'q,5,,,," \ \.':'.•.':k..:.::,...:. .-, ‘... 2. ' .)::;•iii.4';:::::;:ii,•:6.\''-'4:::"-- f...:::' :, .........::':;%:.,:•,........::::::::.....•:.::::............. .......„..............,:::.::44.,i.::,,iii ...',:!,,ii,„,*i:,.,', , 4,1, \\.•\\-,..zit.::.,,:..::....::"..,:' . -,,,,..:••• -....•:::::::•:•.'4;.: K 'l-..::.::..-.oiii.:;A: /,..7,... - -.-...:::::::::.:...-..V............••::.......,',1.: ':, .„ ~.: t--%?., ..*x.. \ \\,..:-,\ .:..:,.:.....:::::, '...........:.::aft, / .-- . -..:.',.::;:t::::-.-.................:......:::,:::::':.:ii:i,:...::::' 'A • :4:,,„,.,., ,s,' ~ • `4,, ?::::..:,.....:. ......:::.0V)::', /., ,------__-__>-':-:.i:;:...:-:.:•::::::::*::::::::-,.....'s;iNi.E:.::::*:•'-" r'it-5w,....N.,.:',,,;.• , ''` /// //pr--_-%::::-::f-::----....S1'.'S''':::i:."..-.47t? '3,*!:-.N. .-,',,,,,,t,• - • ...- •:::::::•.: --:•.:::',::- .:::::::0 •/- //,/ -, --_•_-.---'fiil;:-.1-----.:•'''%, -"-.-5':1.• . .'IY '''S.;.--*.o'.‘ . ~;:.,.:::..:-..1•11i':::.::::::';::::: .. -•::::::::::4:4:10..„,44'' '' ( i , 7,.:[-,,,,_ ,<'A:-.‘, V \s,'%:"•..,::::•:::::':::::....:::.:1: : ,j' 7 . 75 --- ---_--____--2.—:.e.?..,--;',:•.\,:: A•:• -,:',",*0 •-'7',-, \i . ' \ ,\‘':vs•-;.:•::::•:.:.•.:••:•::::-.:.•:.:,:.. • P ,c/ 17 ,/ '// . 7—, =r-Irc. !.........';'......:..;:::'::::-:.-...:'..2".:':,';'i.-' 0 / l / ,/. / /I 1/ 'llifi';e:il :q1: 1-.0\7.--.....• ....:-::-.,:v,:y-...m.....I.,:v \ ~\ \' \ lt:::::".:".i,:::::::.::i-:-.., / ~•:..........i.:::, —4/ ;05,, , / / ~z.,e,/,:gillitioiD -L.a.v‘.':-........:-.!,.:::-.2.::..i.'2,.\ / ~ 4 i, i, ~/,.... „.42:gillif pliquiiikeYi'..ll.? i' II 'i ' f 1,:///,-;*?47.491,,fr! :, i i !;! ~. Nu ~isli ;#'-'i, —lv% '-r,-:•:,A ' .::;::::•::::•:=:•:;•%e , • .:.•.. / 11, • , . ~...,4 ,t ,+ , r,•:,f4,fiff.o ' '.-: ' ,c;:,,..,1.....:, if',., .ii:: ~.i.,11; \:.:,.t.k.;tit.,..........A . \ :::::::::::....::::;..,4 • . ........ '...:::::.......°;....;;.. /// 14' ~...,...-:"............f...,.............f...„........,....i,ii—fd 1 1 \ . . i I i \ ..••:, ••••• . • • .....• ...... , r, '-' :. .........::'........5.:•:•g'6.....••.....::::•...,.....::!?./1#1,4iy4 1 \\\ . ''' \ ,'1 1 4,1, 1., :1 . r :::.'"':l‘‘i.':i't' I‘, \ ..,,,\:::':::.::::;;i1:...:::...i.t.i). .. 1 i ••• ::: '..''' :-. ::' *;•' I / .. ' ': ...,..:'..,::.:::::../.....;. 'OO., ';‘,l.• ' , ' ` t ' 111 ..., T., • ~_ • :,.. ..... 1.'...,::::.:, 0 **--•••....„.......::.........:—.................- - ... • / ..., ... ..• . ...---•-; er...,_,-...,1 ~,,e',.,<.: :. '": ::' " ' . .": ''. fiii':'''',T--,----'''''—'-•-•-----r:: ~ , :;i!.: , !i%,,f ::: '' ' . . .

===== 0002601_18990505_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EDITH ROBERTS.

The teething period of babies is attended by dir- tress just in proportion to the amount of lime ab- sorbed into the blood and the condition of the digestive system. If baby's digestion is healthy, and it the system atsorbs lirne for the formation of bone, as well as food to give flesh and strength, the baby will surmount the usual distress of teething and pass through this period with little or ns diffi- culty. We have abundant proof of the effect of Scott's Emulsion in relieving children who are cirt- ting their teeth. Her. is a letter from a lady, whose little girl took this preparation with the following results :

" Alveston House, 247, Shirland Road, "Paddington, W. "October 20th, 1898.

" Dear Sirs,—My littba girl has been taking Scott's Emulsion now for several months, and I am pleased ta say she has made wonderful progrees during tbat time. She is now in the hest of health. She went through the usual difficulti'‘s of teething without the slight•st trouble, and I certainly think and feel sure Scott's Emulsion helps digestion a lso . In fact, I cannot speak too highly of your splenlid prepara- tion, as it has been the means of re- storing our Ilttle one to health. Before

taking it she seemed to be wasting away, and wee certainly thought we were not going to rear her. but now she is quite a different child. I shalt always be pleased to recommend Scott's Emulsion te mothers with delicate children, and if they will give it a trial, lam sure they willl be phased with the. result. "I beg to remain. gentlemen, " Yours faithfully, "(Signed) Mrs. E. ROBERTS.

It is pleasing to notice bow children thrive on Scott's Emulsion when other forms of nouristi-. meet seem to do no good whatever. This prepara- tion is the easiest form of cod•liver oil combined with hypophosphites and glycerine. It is palatable and children look upon it as a sweetmeat. When cutting their teeth babies derive more benefit from Scott's Emulsion than from any other source, and any mother can prove the truth of our statement by trying this standard preparation. You cm obtain a sample of Scott's Emu!sion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95,Grea5 Saffron Hill, London, E.C., and mentioning this paper, All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.

This event took place on Sunday and was the most successful of recent yeirs. A special effort was made to raise £5O in order that the treasurer might be relieved of any anxiety with reference to the school funds. About 600 schclars are on the school registers and they are under ihe superintendence of Mr. George Wallington. the Rev. Professor Armitage, M.A., of Yorkshire United College, Bradford, was the preacher for the occasion and his scholarly discourses were greatly appreciated by the large congregations which assembled. Within the com- munion rails a choice display of flowers and plants had been tastefully arranged by Mrs. Z. Armitage and Mrs. Pearson. At the morning service, the children were accommodated in the galleries, and they sweetly sang a number of hymns. The choir very effectively rendered the anthem "We praise Thee, 0 Lord," the solo part be- ing taken by Mr Goldthorpe whose bass voice was heard to great advantage. The preacher based his dis- course en the text" For we are labourers to.-ether with God ;ye are Goi's husbandry, ye are God's building," I Corinthians. 33, 9v. Be remarked that these were the key words of life and pointed out that in them lay the secret of strength and the secret of rest. In desc;ibing the posi ion of man:he showed his alliance with the great forces of nature which marked his superiority over the lower animals. _ _

In the afternron at three o'clock an open meeting of the P.S.A. washld in the church when special Sunday school hymns were sung by the scholars and friends. The church was completely filled. Mrs. Robert Garnett of Penk th presided • In the course of her address she said one ef;the glories of England was its Sunday schoosl Inroads were being made on the Sabbath day and it was their duty to resist them. She did not speak from a re- ligious point of view but from a physical point of view• They must have a day of rest.and if they allowed it tojhe filched away from them under the pretence of more recreation they would find that they would get more work t) do and that they would be losers instead of gainers. She knew something of what the Continental Sunday meant. In France many of the mills were work- ing on Sunday and the operatives were employed 10 hours a day. They did not want that sort of thing in England, and they most not let Sunday drift into the stream with the other days of the week. She was glad there were meetings for men in that church every Sun- day. The speaker proceeded to refer to her deep symeathy with Sunday school teachers. A very great responsibility rested upon them. They must work on in faith arid trust, always hoping that the labour is not lost. She hoped that anniversary day wculd be a very b:essed one, and that they might have very haepy re- collections of it ard pit.aaing results. (Applause.) Mrs .le.S. ARMITAGE, in the course of an exeellent add- ress said that they were very near the beginning of the 20th century. There was semething sonemn about the be- ginning of a new year, and there should he someth'ng more solemn inlthe beginif ng of anew century. What the neat century would be depended upon young people like many of those present. It would be what they made it, and if they made their character whilst they were youag they would help to make the c^ntury bqter than any that had preceded it. It was a very difficult thing to re-make a character at the age of 30 or 40 years. She felt sure that the next century would be the reign of the. people. That reign had begun now and they might he quite sure that it would develop more and mar e Things were very different already te what they were 50 years ago, when workingmen had no views whatever in the Government of the country. If the worSing men used their power, they would to supreme in the Govern- ment. Some people were lesing faith in democracy. It was because they did not believe in the forces that were , renewing and transforming character. The success of democracy depended upon the character of the people. : God had given to us the greatest empire the world had ever seen, and if we acknowledged it in the right way we phould take up the burden and fulfil our data, to- wards it. God gave us that empire for some great pur- pose. He intended that we should use it to ble33 the other nations of the earth, and if we did rot use itaight, Ithe csnJielccneu:.l be taken from us and some other would be air, in irs place. Eagland was t:•ying her best to bring about a righteous Government and to do justly. How was it that England gave justice without bribes ? If Englishmed were to f,il 'n character and cease to be just, then the glory of England would disappear, rand she was sure the Empire would go toe. How were they to keep up the National charact r ? That was the burning question Itoday. It was more important than social reform. 'I he question f supreme importance was : Hew is character Ito be kept up ? They who were Christians beieved they ' had, the answer to that question. They believed id Jesue Christ. They gathered children in Sunday schocla to learn of Him and enter whilst children into,livisg re-

lationship with God. Religion was a relationship. 10 was not a matter of teaching certain truths and propok" tions that could be committed to memory and learned by heart. They must make Jesus, Bing. If our countrt held the springs of character in Christ,our country woule keep her high place amongst the nations. It would not' have to mourn that she bad fallen from bet high estate. There was no greater wort than trying to touch the springs or character bi bringing young people into relationship with Christ. The speaker proceed( d to speak words of eocouragerneDo te teachers and parents. In conclusion she said abet had lately celebrated the tercentenary of the birth eg Oliver Cromwell, that great and typical Englishman. Young people ought to know who laid the foundatiove of civil and religious liberty in England. There was book published a short time ago in France,which create' a great sensation, entitled " What is the reason of the' superiority of the Anglo-Saxon ?" The writer said that Englishmen were trained to depend upon theraselves,sott Frenchmen to look to the State. The writer might ha/ added that the English peeple had had a religion, Oa espenially the:Englishmen of the Free Churches, whole religion had taught him that he was responsible direct!! to God. Many people said their Coogreeational Church were played out, and that they should give up what the! had feueht fcr and go over to the Estatlished Church. How could they do so when the priest was saying "Cor fide your charactcr to me, I will guide you into all the!. is necessary. I am the m4ker of the blessed sacrament, i• am the shadow of spiritual grace and power ?" There never was a time when Congregational Churches sycire more needed than at the present. Might they chernib that neble idea" that the Church lives to serve." (er plause.) Mr. G. WALLINGTON thanked Mrs. Garnett.", and BM. Armitage for their addresses,and others who had assistew in the service ; also Mrs. Armitage and Mrs. Pearson for decorating the front of the pulpit with flowers. The had over 600 scholars in the Sunday school to provide for, and they bad no money in hand. He hoped the collections during the day would amount to £5O. Mr. R. H. Pearson and Mr. A. thur Griffiths each pa a elo. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. At the evening service the choir sang an anthero• Mrs. Pearson was very successful in her singing of the solo part. The preacher chose as his text "It %gee written in Hebrew, and Greek and Latin," John xixo.t 20 v. In the course of an able discourse he dealt witlt the ereat hi3torical argument for Christianity which wee figuratively pres nted by Pilate when in bitter jest be affixed the title ac the cross-head, "Jesus of Nazareth; the king of the Jews." By writing in Hebrew, Oa Greek and Latin he constrained these three cations te render a service to Christianity. The collections througt` out the day amounted to £55 16s. 7d.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
'SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS.

The Editor of' The Quiver" has issuel the followia appeal to all Christian people : DEAR CHRISTIAN FRIEND, Will you,— Who thnnkfully remember the Lord's Day to keep 0 holy; Who valuo the rest and refreshment of the Englikh Stne

day; Who de:ire this boon to be preservcd to all elasss

workers ; Who feel that this, and no oller day, is the trust SO' bath; _ _

Join bands with your• fellow Christians, in— Fighting against the attempt of the seven-day nelfr papers To destroy the peace, and increase the labour, of al.

Sunday; To deprive more _workers of their Lord's Day rest as worship To distract men's thoughts from God to the sports a-

markets ; By Adding your voice to the earnest protect of thousand* Doing your utmost to thwart and expel the invasion,., Supporting the efforts of tinge wh3 are faithful', striving Dia To bailLa.w and brighten the Sunday with suits

reading ? Di Help us to fight this battle, by your advocacy, and 0 your practical example, and we eball then hope, to 01 our Sunday. __ _

Yours is the best of causes, yr The EDITOR ef " Quiver'

bee° To MO:MEAS.—Mrs. Winslow's Sooniing Syrup has ,belt used for vver fifty years by millions of mothers for ;we children while teething with perfEct•success. It will reit ig the poor sufferer immeArliately. It is pleasant to taste.„do produces natural quiet sleep, by rel'eving the child tr?radiiil, and the little cherub awakes "as ~.right as a button.' Chemists Is I4d per bottle. -Add.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOODEN LEG

is better than no leg. Things are never so but they might be worse. Half a loaf is better thiul no bread, A wooden leg is better than no leg. A wooden leg will carry us into the fieidi and lanes, where the flowers bloom, the birds 11111 Z, and the brooks babble; but having no legs W e are at the mercy of any friend who comes 11°11g. Cheer up. It may be your health is queer and you are depressed and melancholy "'lug to severe attacks of Indigestion, Wind in the stomach, Liver Complaints,Biliourness,Spasms 81ek Headache, &c. Our desk is crammed with testimonials from 411 Parts of the world. There are NOT tens of thousands of them. but there are quite sufficient to convince all except the most obstinate. Here's one.

Mr. J. B. Fletch9r writes from Eldon Villa, 135, ebi.dey-road, Southampton—" Having derived It benefit from taking your Wind Pills, I think It 01117 right I should furnish you with particulars ,s()t my case. In January, 1897, I suffered severe v‘ine in the Stomach. After taking several doses of your Wind Pills I was greatly relieved. In llattary of this year (1898) I suffered excruciat- Ma Pains in the Back; after taking several doses of your Pills they afforded me wonderful relief. I %%mild hardly have supposed it possible' could have been so free from pain in so short a time. I shall be glad if you will make these facts known for the benefit of my fellow-creatures." Page Wo-dcoek's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicine Vendors at is. 10. and 2s. 93., or are tent post free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

TO LADIES.

A LITTLE BOOK just publishes by Dr.

entitled "HALTEI, WHA.LTH, AND HAPPINESS," how obtained and preserved, is 'Ol PRICELESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED

- AND SIN4LII WOMAN, as it deals with

matters that cannot possibly be too widely tilowri. It explains fully how ALL AILMENTS, *nob as ANA VIIA., AMBNORRIVE A, IRREGU-

TAARITIES, &c., se,, CAN BE PREVENTED ' AND CURED ; and If tke advice therein con- lained Is followed, years of happiness may be -obtained by every Woman in place of the far too

itommon terrible wretchedness and misery re-

milting more from want of knowledge thaa want

of thought.

A Copy of this Book will be presented GRATIS AND POST FRIO during the next few weeks

toevery Lady on receipt of an addressed envelope

THE MANAGERESS,

DEPARTMENT 8.,

1145, STOCKWELL-ROAD,

LONDON, S.W.

. ,; . • *. c-7-" it, -xi

===== 0002601_18990505_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
, •

CHANCELLOR ESPIN AT WARRINGTON. THE CRISIS IN THE CHURCir.

Chancellor Eenin held a Court at the Parish Church, Warrington, on Thuredty Ist week for the admission of wardens and eilesmen. Prior to delivering his c arge, morning prayer was said, the service being conducted by the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) assisted by the Revs. A. F. White and Cameron. The CHANCELLOR, in delivering kis charge, said be thought there were no churches in that neighbourhood in which the wardens still retained church rates. They depended almost entirely upon voluntary offerings of some kind or other. For his part he could not but think that the abolition of church rates was in some re- spects to be regretted. When church (xp ruses were pro- vided out of rates in the old days and the rate laid in the vestry there was an opportunity for the parishioners to express their views as to the conduct of the services and so on. Now, if a clergyman was a man of means or if he had a wealthy parishiener to support him he might practically do what he liked within the broad limits of the law. These remarks, he felt, did not apply to Warrington and district Decease he believed the ser- vices of the church were conducted in nearly every case, to the satisfaction of the parishioners who did not seem to be backward in supplying the wherewithal for the maintenance of the services. He did not think volun- tary contributions would be forthcoming from free Englishmen in the way they were for the maintenance of services of which these Englishmen did not approve. The Bishop .suggested,and he entirely agree d with him, that the churchwarnens should be re- minded at that time of the extreme importance of their regular attendance at church. The B shop also con- sidered that it would be well if the churchwardens noted and observed, and, if necessary, reported, any omission of any part of the Prayer Book services. He did not know that such OMiSEiOI:I3 occurrei at all in that diocese. The layman had the right of the full services of the Prayer Book as they were printed. They ought to be rendered to him, and he had a right to demand that they should be so rendered without any omissions. A churchwarden. however, could not interfere directly and personally with the officiating minister. If they saw anything which was conceived to b irregular Cr anything omitted or anything that appeared to be an illegal innovation they were quite ju:trfieci in calling his attention privately to it awl if that did not secure redress the churchwardens could take further steps and report it to the bishop. It was highly improper and very wrong for churchwardens or sides nen to interfere in the conduct of Divine service. On more than one occasion churehwardens had suffered by taking too much upon themselves by interfering in this direction. He thought he must draw the attention of those present to the tact that the Diocesan Finance Association did not secure that universal support to which it was entitl(d. There were parishes—and some too in that district —which had received reid from one or other of the Diocsean societies and yet did not give anyting in the way of contributions either by voluntary offertories or subscriptions. The Chancellor proceeded to refer to these diocesan institutions at some length. One of them, the Board of Education, deserved the most strenuous and most liberal help church people could give it. Oce was expected, he supposed, to make some mention cf what was called the crisis in the church.lie believed they were all looking on in that centre at the crisis—if crisis there be—and were very little disturbed in their own parishes by it. In thet respect they were to be envied. For his own part he could not deny, and did not wish to deny, that there were clergymen who did indulge in extrava- gances of ritual which were quite contr try to the spirit of the prayer book and the Spirit of the English Refor- mation. He thought if they would be a little patient and leave it to the Archbishops and Bishops they would find that these extravagances would be abated. He did not himself believe there was any such thing as a general alienation of the laity from the clergy or any such thing as general dissatisfaction with the render:mg of the ser- vices of the Church. He noticed as he went round every three years that there was a very considerable augmen- tation to the maintenance of Church services. In con- clusion the Chancellor thanked the outgoing church- wardens for their services and expressed the hope that the new officers would emulate their predecessors in do- ing their duty with thoroughness.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING.

BARBER—FLEMING. Charming weather greeted the occasion of the marriage solemnized at St. Marie's Catholic Church, Sheffield, last Thursday, between Miss Valeria Beatrice Fleming, second daughter of the late Coun- cillor J. H. Fleming' J.P , of Springfield-streett Warrington, and Dr. Barker Barber, of Glossop- road, Sheffield, son of the late Dr. Barber, of that city. The marriage took place from Leighwood, Pittsmore, and the ceremony wa..2 performed by the Very Rev. Dean Dolan,of Sheffield .The bride,who was given away by her brother, Mr. John Herbert Flem- ing, was married in her travelling dress of blue pop- lin embroidered with steel torquoise, trimmed with white brocaded satin and white sashes, and wore a grey hat with white feathers and white roses. She carried a bouquet of choic2st white flowers. The bridesmaids were ; Miss Tessie Fleming and Miss Nora Fleming (sisters of the bride), and they were most tastefully attired in grey silk dresses trimmed with lace and white muslin fichu, and wore large picture hats trimmed with heliotrope feathers. The best man was Mr. David Davy, of Sheffield. The relations were afterwards entertained to breakfast at the bridegroom's house,Glossop-road. There were a large number of expensive presents which in : Bride to bridegroom, diamond pin; and bridegroom to bride,diamond and sapphire bracelet. The happy couple later in the day left for London and the South.

THE FREE CIIURCH COUNCIL AND

SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS.

At a meeting of the Executive of the Free Church Council held in Bold:street Schoolroom on Friday afternoon the following resolution was passed : "That this committee of the Warrington and District Evangelical Free Churches is convinced that the issue of Sunday editions of the "Daily Telegraph " and of the "Daily Mail " is fraught with incalculable mischief to the industry, moral character and strength of our countrymen. It will rob the journalist and printer of his •Satur- day's rest, and ultimately extract from them seven days' work for six day-.' pay; it. will burden thousands of over-worked newsagents and distribu- tors of newspapers with another day's totl ; it will create' a revolution in our industrial life by adding another work day to , the week, and so re- inforce those conditions in modern life which lower its tone, deba‘e its ideals, and destroy its usefulness. Therefore this Committee advises all Free Church, men and Free Churchwomen to free themselves from the slightest complicity with this attack on that most precious British heritage, viz : our right to cessation from toil on one day in seven, by (1) Refusing to purchase a copy of these papers in the week as long as the Sunday 68110 is con- tinued. (2) Refusing to advertise in the columns of any daily paper that has a"Stutday edition ; and, (3) Supporting news-agents who refuse to sup- ply Sunday newspapers."

===== 0002601_18990505_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
W-,17 4,• , rg?: .'"43., ',.'o, 41 - ~....- tki .!,•„:k,* :.,..,,„-.-,,, -4,, ~.,,:,,, 1 ' .-• V ~...,,k,,,, . '''" 7" 4,- riis •,,.. ...tc..„.: .1..t.v0 , . , • Pt., h ..1.• hi. •Tif „I ',3 MS., . 4.4.',. h I . :tlr.„,. .cit, . r• ' 5."«,., .7 .-ITA .7.:i01.4. al •!t,•14,...?' .v.t,..... iiii .., • , l'i,i, A,", - 4,4 •,*, :1(5,3...t ; - ". • '1,:::."'0k"...4%; ..

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— Rarlestown

SUB-OFFICE.S --• *Ashton Collins Green ...... *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek .......... *Wargrave

Offices also

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton... Newton Common ...... (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiox ...... (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction... Church-St., Golborne. Legh Street. Lowton Chape1............ Lowton Common ......... (Near Lowton St. Mary's Station) Bolton Road, shton. Vulcan Vi11age......... Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland,

and Foreign London and the South I Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lanelshire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Prmot. Wigan, Orm s- kirk Wiclu `s. & Earles, own London, Foreiga, and the South Irliand Counties Sa South Wales Preston, Noruh Lancashire, New-

I a.m. 13-30 „ 10.45 } 11-30 ;•11-4b 12-0

2-1 b 3-15 •

5-30 p.m.

WEEK-D LYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph _

5, 10 a.m, 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m• 6-40 p.m. 6 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.n3 md 7 p.m. 8-30 and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

p.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.ni

from the Receiving Office at Barb. ?.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the aam

To I By I Callers. I Postmen, 7-0

11-30 a.rn

3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
„ • :r . 4.

Makers of the "BANK," " LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used. for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

28, ROYAL EXCRAIia LONDE,

TEE GREAT RE q.EOY.

At kI• 'S P LI 1.4 S

Poll. GOUT. IiHEU Al I I , MSLGO The Excruciating Pain is quialy relieved. Sure, Sate and effectLal. All Chemists and Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d per box. _

NItliTS GOVH %NT B rA.L TrNT! I Originally I. cost £6; uttered at 255. each ;or selected at 3.;5. each. Cash with order, 45ft. ci r cumference. 10ft high. Have only been used C snort time oy H. M. Govern- merit; tuitable o r Camping oa t. Gardens Cricketgrounds Tennis Lawns, 'let ana tent bag

Two supplied to _ Ackingbana Palace.—Applv ANDREW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wo7verhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Cattlegues and Estimates free on application,

effen at 20s. i • , / - ',';':.j;:'‘,-: Ntf.l., ,/, _,,', ~,;$. ':. „-W:, . -2.-,. % , : -,17-,:-;-- : '''.!,7.-&'''''''lrmMinigikus.-0,-;;;•,7 #.:"..4.,:;,-.A --.--,--,• --_-'.., :„ ~......,..._' -,.. ...--, -4 -,--,.--7,..L._ 1. Complete with pole, p-g, line s,_mal'

===== 0002601_18990505_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A.. C00.,:-; FAMILY MEDICINE

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such af.•

===== 0002601_18990505_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLZS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
• • • •. C K 1.61 S ,;SrIL) NTIBILI - - LL t •

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

WORTH A GUINEA A 13021.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &-c

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
. . , , ...;r ~,:,:. ...... ..,„A , .....„:„.. ~.,,,.. , .... . ...„ .„. „..„...,....„. ~,,...,... ~., ~,,: ~,,,,...).."T5. , ..,. .dk ' , • i .ti:. .:4-..,t; ~. 4.. tr.: . :4' •-,,,, •,, ''.• 4 • 0 '44,.44. •i- „., . . ..,4.7,-,•.: i..,.,„ : • . . • . VII.' 'i • , ',', - .' ..', '',l;,. ... ,-.1: •T• e, ,t , .... , .. . ::e,..;:';!,.,- : ,' .. • ~, • . ••,..,e.," 1,.. • 7..1,V .1.4.!, '`' . , .. • "" ' X-. ' 'Z' ........... :: I; ~,F,,, ,', „ :•‘` 3. - • •

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ,DISOP,D.ERS,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache,, ermet!prilen

4.3) p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

glear,i Stomach, hrbparired

Disordered Liver and Female, Piirgicreas

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in bores, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

QtrICKLY Conr.ECT ALL TaPratn OBSTBUCTIoNs, and relieva tkc prevalent tettit th,c ee.v. Bor.es,l/' times the quantity), of all Cho. on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, ly Dtmailfacturers, Dryden - 11,trar • of Prif

;fressing . . Hent L T. TO WL. Timm,

• • g .tt 4 tt-T,',?3 mex—zu • 3 Fr 6 • "i; 4c-• V # "r, ..•;„ „ • , , '4Z• 44'r 1211 „ 40 :0 V. ene. 4Veg,P • JAZ 411 t " • ht.," • 1,4 , , r JA. I ,„„ • • :. • 123, sA NK Ey svit 86 7 ryl ANC ENa.) ;!":. A A E, " (Opposite School Brow) _ INA R. P. 1 crn ‘.;/ w•A

. , , 4, , ... , • , , - ~ . • •-• , - ' • ,;. --"... ,1 ii 40.1, ;•• D , . ~. ..' '4f: • ‘ v., '--„ 4,-.A ,lo '': c ' ix .:' . ; • ~, jti -' . 4-,;; .., N ~-4 IIA ~• . i-'... :;.,PO-"V''' 4-40•iitelea ,iitbe1.?".10.i,••,,,'• ' • * I To W $ y 31 ,maLiPnni7t s7t,;thereroe7e, I•______.....lutting:Aß: °V73 ALL zitCl:llCl'l7.:B-1:11:8't It:akil:9/ r 0 r .:::s.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEST,

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAX 5. 1899.

.:: •,•;,, , 4-1 i'l:4 ',..:!,,,,,p/...,--,.• ~7.,,:11,,,',.\-,Y-.:,-.1.j..1i11'e..z,.,',-•Y,'>•N-, .:,-.I.j..lill'e..z,.,',-•Y,'>•N-,

===== 0002601_18990505_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
• • . 4fs:•l',W4l' . ,41'4.' : J. /4,, >4 • r!".,.'t- AM, :;;;;;1 ". 24 -tft -• .; • • . •••;,,,SFP •••":1' 'YO • ,/,-.•‘,” • - • c ‘-'l4

BEST TIMEKEEPERS. G.I.TAMANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In! Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, &0., post free.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
''''ll:l"t%ctlry• at,..e iti 6

===== 0002601_18990505_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
62 64, UI 11,19

10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18990505_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m

===== 0002601_18990505_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
140. . '•-• : .00' ,i.- • • '' i. '''''':N:''. , r ' lift, , . '‘, , 1 ' • .4. , ~, I •,.. s, q',t • ..' , '7' I r. iA- .s. •••:, I,.ii:i:',',4:-. . . ,0 \ .p, ! '"*. , ,'

===== 0002601_18990505_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST,

;:;;;; 1 4:

===== 0002601_18990505_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
lettsrs tl tte Q"zittor.

CYCLING IN FRANCE.

Sir.—As considerable misapprehension appears to ex- ist in the minds of the general public as to the forrnali• ties which have to be observed by cvci.sts visiting France, I shall be glad if you will permit m^ to explain that the payments required of the tourist whose stay does not extend over a period of three months are : (1) The Customs duty of 220 francs per 100 kilo- grammes or. roughly, 30s per machine. (2) A stamp duty ot 20 centime., charged upon the temporary permit which takes the place of the metal plaque every resident whe Amen receives, and has to produce as evidence that he has paid the cycle tax of 6 francs. The amount depo;ited under (1) is refunded—but usually only after nairh vexatious delay—when the cycle leaves the c nintry; tout the member of the National Cycling Association—such as the Cyclirts' Touring Club —officially recognised oy the Fr-gocti Goverement, is free to enter without r ayment upon production of the necessary credentials, _

The stamp duty ot 60 centimes chameable under (2) bas to be p Üby all visiting cyclists without distinc- tion, and it is, of course, not r4turnable. It will be col- lected on and from to-thy by the Customs when the machine is lanthd, but the C.T.C. has already made arrangements whereby the &lay that usually attaches to formalities of this description will, at any rate in ths case of its members, be reduced to the lowest limit. I should ad] that the regulation requiring all cyclists to carry attached to their machines a metal plate en- graved with their name and a !dress is still in force across the Channel.—Yours faithfully, E. R. SHIP TON. Secrfit try. Cyclists' Touring Club.

47, Vietl6a-street, Wes-minater, S. W., 14 May. 1899.

PRESENTATION TO MR D. FAN SHAW.

On Monday evening an interesting presentation was made at the Mt rsey Bedstead Works, linutsford-road, Watringtsn, ti Mr. David Fansh tw, tue cuairman of the Board of Diiectors, on the oecasion of his resent marriage. Ali the emplo3 es asiernbled in Qui Packing. :seen di.six o'clock, arm mere were also present ;—Mr. and Mite Fenshaw, Mi.s Erskine, Mr. George Clay (a director), Mr. J. W. Mills, (manager), Mr. Benner (cashier), Mr. Peter Harrison (foreman of the works), Mr. Walter Titchett Cray Ales). aid Mr. Peter Reyes (the men's delegate). The pneentation took the form of a bandscme. timepiece, surmounted witn equestrian figures, a brass plat: coetaining the inscrip\ien:—" Pre- sented to David Fensnaw, E q , by the emplo3 es of the Mersey Bedstead Comp inv. Limited, on the occasion of his marrla4e„ March, 1899:' Mr. HAYES, Said they had assembled to make a pre- sentation to one of the directors of the Company on the occasion of his marriaee, and on behalf of the employes he asked Mr. Mile to discharge that pleasant duty. Mr. MILLS said he and Mr. Poehae: had been setae- elated for six 'ears, and he was Certainly a very prac- tical man to have at the head of the concere, the most practical ne,.n Who could be found for such a position. None of them could say a word a ,ainst rum, and all would admit that he held evenly the balance between masters and men. (Hear, hear,) He came Loin a por- tion of Stefferdshire not very remote tram Birmingham, and he had to bring wirewerllers from that district into Warringmn, and that he h .it done justice to them was shown by the po,i!isn he held that day at the White- cross works. He was certain of this that in no instance bad he been known to differentiate in the case of the men. With regard to the works they were doing fairly well. They hail had, of course, cl,fficutties to meet at times, but they had been met tairly and none..tly,and he had no doubt that would be the case when use difficul• ties arose in the future. In conclusion, he wished Mr. and Ma. Fanshaw a long life and happiness. (Ap- plause.) Mr. PETER HARRISON ssid he had, perhaps, known the chairman of the Company longer than anyone in the room, probably for 11 or 12 years, and he could say with all sincerity that he awes a thorough gentleman, and the more one Saw of bun the better one liked him. Be had alwa3s during the Slime ha had mtntioned been a good Mee ito him. (Appause.) Mr. BENNER and se.eral of the workmen baying spoken in a einilar strain, Mr. FANSHAw, who was received with applause, replied at conseierabLe length on behalf of his wife and himself. Be said the elluden which heel been made to trade rem:nded one cf the age wheu wooden bedsteads were in use.and whica were known by differeet names, such as the " four-poster," "the tent," and the "stump," which was the most c nvenient as it could be rolled up and put out of the way under one of the other bedsteads. There were se nearly bedsteads now, and they were known by so many cifferent names,- that if he were t ) attr mpt to mention them he would he sure to forget s .me ot them, but those who tied read the scriptures wend call Co mind that og, King of Beshan, was the first man wtio had ever had an irou bedstead, and it was of so small dimensious eitner. He did not suppose that a Beds,ead Assecietwa existed in those days —(laughter)—ee should think net, but if it did the firm would have hats to supply a costly bed of iron nine cubits long, and that meant sone that would be suffi- ciently long for about two men like himself. (Renewed laughter.) Teat was in the time of Moses, a long way beek, but what he had said clearly showed that even in that remete period the people had some idea of the vast imp rtarace of sanitation and some anowledge of hywieae, the science of the preven- tion of disease. (fleas, hear, and applause.) Alluding to the Mersey Becheead Company,Lirnited,Mr. Fanshaw said be was proud of his connection with it, and of their manufactures. Actions sp lender than words, and it was very gratifying to know that their goods bad been sent to elm all parts of the world, and had received the highest awards so far away as New Zealand, thus -speaking volumes for the management of the w irks and the designs., "1 heir goods were accepted in their own town, and that was a proof in itself teat they bad nothing to fear when they exhibited outside it. They must work mutual y together; thy must not be divided; their work must be characterized by finish and p, gee- tion, cern,mberia,4 the old edaee that what was clone at all was worth doing well. (Applause.) Tne speaser alluded to the devotion of the Amen and women to their work, and urged them to do all they could to uphold the management, ,s it was Ly that means that the firm bad grown and had tur'el out work which was a credit to all concerned. He was one of themselves. He had known what it was to work, hard, although he was still a busy msg. N ese he had to thank them for their kind- ness to Mrs. Fenshaw end himself. He must first men- tion Mr Mills, then Mr Harrison, Mr Benner, and Mr Bayes,who had shown great let- nest in the presentation. He thanked them moe ,iecerey for what they bad done ter Mtn, and could assure them that he would never for- get their kindness. (App!ause.) Mrs. FaNsnew a's,) spike, briefly expressing her acknowledgments for the kindross of the men. She said she considered the timepiece a very pretty one, and its presentation to hsr and her husband was a Very gratifying compliment.- (Aoplause.)

===== 0002601_18990505_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASIIIRE AND CFIESEIIRE COUNTY ASsOf lA. LION.

A m?.eting of the Council of the Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association was held on [us day evening, in Man- chester. for the purpose of drAwing teams in the Champion- ship and A Divisions. Stlr James Singleton, vi me-president, was in the chair. The fol,owiug ti,s were arranged : Championship : Warrington South v Cheethim 'remote, at Urmston Victo,la ; Broughton v Wigan. at 1,-igh ; Withing- ton v Whitefielcl, at Old Trafford; Leigh (Railway) v Stret- ford. at Pendieton Ha purhey • Leigh, at Wain ; Whalley ; V Prestwich. at Heaton Chapel ; Warring'on North v Leven- shulme. at Stretford; Newton v Radcliffe, at Whalley. A Divisiou . nollinwood v Pewlieton, at Cheetham Temple; Sefton Park v Ashtun-on-Mereey, at Warringtcn ; Brougaton. Limite : • t-obclen. at Harpurhey ; remaining clubs, all byes. All matches to be played off prior to the 15th May. The vacancy on the special Committee was filled by the election of Mr. IL H. Fellowes (rrestwich).

===== 0002601_18990505_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL RAI ijr.k Y AMBULANCE

CoMYETIIION.

SUCCESS OF WARRING TON MEN. The third and final group ill the pr.thainary test. for the St. John Amtul ince As )ci Coallenge -open to all railway companies in Eng's.-id and Wales, was held at Manchester on Fricliv. feams of five men each, reprisintirg ths f I °win!: railways, ward pre- sent :—N-Ath E.stern. Gre.t CN.tral, Mersey, Liverpool Overhead, Cheshire Lin, s, and Cambrian. After a severe competition the result of the whole of the three groups (two Of wLicla had lo:on helci pnviously in Lon- don), cunsiot!ng of eighteen teams, was declared, the five teams obta-nine the highest number of marks, which entitles th!un to compe, e in the final at London on May 10th are as f,:llows :—Gh at Eiger!), London and North- ' Western, North Loudon, Cheshire Lines, and Great Northern. The Ches,ti,fre ham is composed of the followiop., men I Wiliam, H. Holloway. A. Fryer, .1. Fogg (Warrington. Centrli), J. G. Bu, kley (engineers' department). J. Da"- s (Glazebrr,ok). rho Warrington men owe much uf their succes.s to the kitidness of Doc- tors Bowdon, Small, and Adams, who ha va given valu- able ass.stance to the team.

MOTHERS. DO YOU REALISE how your little ones suffer when thtir tender skine are literally on fire with itching and burning tcz .mati and ther itching, scaly and blotchy skin ano sc;,lp humours ? To know that a varm boh with CIITICURA SOAP and a single anointing with CIITICURA, portet of t m .loent skin cures, will in the great maj ,y of case,, aff.n.,l instant relief, permit rest and aleep,and point to a permanent and economical (because so speedy) cure, and not t,. use them without a moment's delay, is to tail in your duty. No greater legacy can te bestowed upona child than a skin without , blemish and a bc4cly nourished with pure blold.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CASES.

At the llarlestown Police Station on Wednesday morning, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, John Fahey was charged with being drank and disorderly the previous night, and was fined 53. and costs. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLBSTOWN. On Sunday special services in connection with the Sunday schools attached to St. J Ain's Church, were held. The church was well filled at each of the three services, and special anthems were sung by by the choir. The pulpit was occupied morning and afternoon by the Rev. J. Davies of St. Anne's, Warrington. in the evening an appr .ipriate sermon was preached by toe 'Rev. W. L. S. Cogtilan of St. Thomas' Ashton. The collections which were in aid of the Sunday schools, amounted to .ElO 74. SMOKING CONCERT AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUE. The last of the series of smoking concerts held in connection with the Conservative party in Earlestown took place on Saturday even- ing in the Billiard room of the Conservative Club. Mr. C. B. F. Bnrron presided, and he was supported by Lord Newton, Colonel Pilkington M.P., Messrs W. Collingwood, W.fihompson, J. Robinson, Dr. Handyside and others. Vocal and instrumental items were rendered by the following : Messr3 G. Wright, C. N. Lea, E. Watkinson,J. Clare, and J. H. Peplow. Mr. Isherwood gave selections on the Fairy bells; and a recitation by Mr. W. Sut- ton. Selections were also given by members of the Viaduct Prize baud. Speecoes were dolly sred by Lord Newton and Colonel R. Pilking -on, M.P.

NARROW ESCAPE FROM DRONING AT EARLICSTO WN.

On Sunday afteraoon a numher of children were playing by the side of the canal, near the Common locks, when one of them named Norman Lea, five years of age, living with his parents in Regent-st., Earlestown, accidentally fell in. There wai sud- denly a commotion, and when the little fellow roe to the surface again, a girl named Gar liner franti- cally grabbed at him, and succeeded in bringing him to the bank. A woman named Hall, living near, being attraltod by thq °riga of the children, wok the child to her house and after stripping him wrapped him in shawls, and he was afterwards taken home by his father.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

DEATH OF MRS. WALL&CE REFILL.

_ St Helens people will -he shocked to learn of the death of Mrs. Ravill, widow of the law Mr. %V llace Ravin, proprietor of the Theatres R)yal, St. Het Sheffiell, Laicesrer and Darby. Since the swidea 'dlath of her huiband some months ago Mrs. Revdt has been in a critical state of heahh, ani death occurred on Monday afternoon At Blackpool,wheve Mrs. Ravin had gone after suffring from a serioui illness. She leaves three young children.

A ST. :HELENS OtTTILIGE. John Connelly, 21, labourer, was seatencli at LiVPr• pool A.S9iZ33 on Monday to penal servitude for five years for brutally kicking Suaannah Cheatham, a:. Sl. Helens, on the 18:,h of February. It wai prove.' that because Cheetham resiste I his advances he knocked her down and kicked her on tile had and face, cauiiug injlries that were considered likely to become fatal. In cons,- quence the woman's dyin4 depositions were taken, but lortunatAy she recovered. _

===== 0002601_18990505_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
NARROw ESCAPE OF A ST. HELENS WORKMAN.

George Henry Hassln, of 140, Graftun-street, St. Helens, a labourer employed in condection wi:h :hi sul- phate plant at Messrs. Pilkington's sheet .glass works, had a nArraw escape from a horrible death on Sunday morning. Hans3n, while going about his work, had cccasion to cross over a large tank, which was partly filled with boiling gas water from the gas-producers, when he overstepped or slipped off a plank iiro the tank. Luckily he caught a spar in his fall, an saved himself from complete immersion in the boiling liquid. Han3on's legs and one of his arms were badly scalded, and Dr. F. Knowles ordered his rem3val to tne Provi- dence Hospital.

DEDICA.TION OF aitgAlo.t[LlL WINDJWS .AT NEWTON.

There was a large and fashionable gataering at St. Peter's Caurch, Newton on Saturday afternoon in con- nection with the dedication of four stained glass me- morial windows. Arnoegst those present were L er.l Newton, Co:olel Richard Pilkingtoe, M.P., Mr r J Gil- lespie, J.P., Mr G McCorcieedaie, Mr A. L and Mrs McCorquodele, Mr H and Mn Dudgeon, Mrs AcC )rquo. dale, Mrs Greeashields,Dr Watkins,and otta-rs Me prin- cipal window which occupied the East end of the church was erected to the memory ot the late Colonel Meer rquo- dale, whose many geaeroas acts in connection wit n the church are of a uoteworthy character, and it is due to his family that the old chu:ci has been demelisho and the present handsome s,ructure erected in its place. Toe window is the outcome of public suoscription, and represents an outlay of about £6OO the suoj,ect being "The Ascension." On the extreme north near the organ is another window erected by Mrs McCorquodale to the nismery of her late huibami, and represents the prophets "Isaiah, ieramian. and Ez Ariel." Another win- dow is to the memory of the late Mrs. Watkins, by the family, and is representative of "Saints Titus aid rimothy." The other windew is above the chaecel and is a representative. of "John da Wycliffe and R obert Corostete," to the memory of George A.r:nitage Smith by his nephew. Toe usual service for evening prayer, was held, the lessons beine road by the Revs. T. ft. Matthews and Smith of Warrington. Toe dedieation shin d nave been performed by the Rev. Archdeacon Maiden, but as he was unable to be present, the ceremony was performed by the Rev Canon Penrhya, rector of Winwick. At the close of the service the Rev gentleman delivered an in- teresting discourse from the words " Thes is none other than the house of God; this is the gate of Heaven." He said it was only at very short notice in the midst of the pressure of much other work that he found himself called upon, in the regietted but unavoidable absence of the Archdeacon of Warrington to take part teat day in that service. The service was a service for the dedica- tion of several wind owe, and when he spoke of the de- dication of windows he meant the giving up of them to God, anti there were three points on which he should like that afternoon to say a very few words to them. First in regard to the fact on which the windows were dedicated to the glory or God and the adornment of that house; secondly, they were memorials to those wno had done good work in the parish and had gone to their rest; and thirdly it was the uniting of many together in carrying out these good works. Almost all of them knew well what a contrast there was between the church they were now in, and that whiehyprecedei it. r hey recol- lected tint the old church was one which was re- garded mean and unworthy, one in which they could take no good pride, one of which they migat well per- haps be ashamed. Now they had that beautiful spacious edifice in which they met together, one in which they might all well rejoice and be thankful, particularly to that Vicar through whom in a great degreii that build- ing was erected, and they might well think th tt it was a privilege for them to be able to take part in the adorn- mmt of the House of God. They might rejoice in think- ing that God would accept that offering for the adorn- ment of His houseeind,they must remenaner that whether it be more or less beautiful the church was God's Weise. That was the great thing for them to remmober. The windows were memorials and tokens of family affection and recollection of those who ht . gone, and they were also reminders to Mica' of those who had gone before, and what they were, and of what they had done and of the good works they had carried out. When they saw windows put in in that way to the glory of God and to the memory of this and that person they recalled to them those people, and should prove to theta incentives to follow after the good works of those who hid gone before. They should strive to carry on such good works in service to the Lord. The windows wcre not, he believed, the gift of one single individual or of one family,butthe united work of the parishioners in general, many having joined together in this good work. In the evening an organ rectal was given by Mr. T. Sharpies, Miss. Bac. F.R.C,0., organist of Christ Church Salford, interspersed with vocal selections. Tears was a large congregation, and the following programme was excellently submitted :—Organ, "Sonata in F minor" (Mendelssohn) ; solo, Miss G. Brewnhill ; organ, "Meditation,",' Bell Rondo" ; solo, "There is a green hill far away," Mr. Hindley Smith ; organ," Andante in G," "Toccata in G" ; solo, Miss L. Brownhill ; organ, " Introduction, Variations, and final Tuehetta on Aurelia " ; solo, "Lead kindly Light," Mr. J. E. L. Derbyshire ; organ," Prayer a.n.l Creole son," "March from Eli" ; quartette, "God is a Spirit. '

COUNCILLOR BENNETT AND COLONIAL AND OTHER

LIFE PEERS.

At the 11th annual meeting of the Lancashire and. Cheshire Conservative Workingmen's Federa- tion. held at Rawtenstall on Saturiay, Cuncillor A. Bennett (Warrington) moved, "Filar, in the opinion of this conference, the time is opportune for strengthening the constitution of the House of Lords by the introduction of the Colonial and other life peers." He thought it would be a great advan- tage to have the Colonies represented in the House of Lords,so that they could profit by the advic and assistance of the Colonial representatives in times of crisis and difficulty. The stability of the empire would be increased thereby. Mr. Heap (North sal- ford) seconded this, which was agreed to. W. T. WILLIAMS has now a splendid selection of SPRING Millinery, Dresses, Mantles, Trimmings, Blouses. Silks, Feather Boas. Gloves, ecc., tfcc. —74, SANKF.Y-ESTREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLRS.—Premiers, £lO lOs ; Excelsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids £l5 10e Ott. Sole Agent I. e. QABLAND

===== 0002601_18990505_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
" THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 5, IRy9.

the same warm and hearty interest in the affairs of that constituency. (Applause.) It was some consolation to him to think that at all events he was succeeded by a right good man, and in his inter se and their own he thought he must peiat out that they had secured as good a representative as it was possible for them to have. (Applause.) He was a neighbour and a resident, two qualifications wieica they did not always get ia political candidates; he was a man who was wellekaown in the neighbourhood, who had filled various public offices with credit and dignity, and a men who was respected by opponents and supporters alike. (Hear, hear.) He sincerely hoped both for his own sake and the constituency of Newton that he might long continue to represent them (Applause.) Hi did not think many arguments were necessary to convince them that it was their duty not only to support Colonel Pilkingcon, but tee Government of which he was a sup- porter. If he were asked as a Unionist to explain why he supported the present Gorernment, ho snould offer one reason which would over-ride all others, and it would be this, the pr sent Government ever SiOC3 they had been in office bat kept stea,dile one end in view,and that was to maintain our national defences in a proper state. (Hear, hair.) For his part he should be irtelined to forgive any Government a great many sins if they only carried out the same task in the same way. (Hear, hear.) What was it that kept peace between ourselves and the French when a crisis occurred not s o many is-mtlos ago? Was it a feeling of Christian charity which animated one nation towards the other, or was it a sense ot justice which induced the French to abandon their claim te a territory to which we considered we had an indefeasible ? It was nothing of the sort, but the reason why peace was not disturbed was because we bed got a strong fleet ; our fleet was the strong-r of tee two, and it was kaowu 80 well that it WAS realised that to engage in .naval war witis us was hopeless, even if another nation was brought to their assistance. As it had been in the past, as it was last autumn, so would it be in the future, and the best guarantee for peace not only in England but in the rest of toe world was that we ourselves should be practically unassailable upen the seas. (Hear, hear.) One curious result of the efforts which had been made by the present Government to maintain the efficiency of . the fleet was this,that whereas only five or six years ago we were looked upon as e isoit of harmless nation of ! shopkeepers who would always turn the other cheek to the smiters—(laughter)—we were now looked upon as rather an ageres3ive Power and rather inclined to court , a quarrel with other Powers. We simply desired as a nation to maintain our Net rights, and this talk about fleets and armaments led him to say a word upon a sub- ject which was in everybody's mind, namely. the Peace Conference,which was shortly going to assemble. He did not know whnher the gentlemen present entertained the . same exaggerated hopes with regard to that conference . which were ent -r;ained by some persons, out generally , by persons who nelongel to the extreme Radical party. ! Those hopes were apparently fouoded upon the assuinp- ) tion teat the Emperor of Russia was was an autocrat,and that he was a man of a benevolent and amiable disposi- tion. No doubt that was perfectly true. He could speak from personal experience to the fact that he wits a man of an amnbie disposition, and he had not tee least d ,übt that he Was benevolent arid anxious to carry out his project. Blv: he must poiet out that something more was wanted than th,t. Some hundreds of years aeo there was another autocratic Sovereign, lOng Henry IV. of France, who obtained great cr,clit for expressing the wish that everyone of his subj !Ws could have a chicken to eat whenever he fait inclined. (Lauehtern A. great many- of rla.m had had to do wittio at the chicken, and he was afraid the pious wiehee of the , Erap it of R asia wer • mace in tile same catseery as the wish expressed by Henry IV. But let them give him credit all the same. The present Emperor's grin Ifether was a man of no ex7raordieary amiable dieposiciou, and he detected war, but be was forc d by his G overate:Veit and by tree pressure of the nation egein.t his wishes and inclinations into oee of the bloodiest wars which have taken place during the present century, and whet hepp -ned to him night happen to his grandson. Tate action of Rueia, at the I present time was hardly in accord ince with the ad- m table desire expresso I by the Emoeror. (Hear. hear. Wnilst his invitation to a peace c iiiference was still) fi esh in their ears, large parties of Russian mope were still poariug in o the flea East, aid tits, in Lee) ei)Oeis ago 1 tree b ,dies of troops w re being c mcentrated on the Turkish frontier. There Was also this fact to b accounted for—that the Russian Government continued to mike enormous presents of arms and of all the latest appliances to em -civilised Powers like Abyssink an i inteaegro. (II tar, war.) Deere mienc be explana- tion for all .those 40:4, bat chi- av-qo not in actor a conference to establish universal peace. What must occur to everybody was this, that there was an admir- able opportunity for the Russian Governmlet to set tee example its If. (Hear, hear.) Russea was a. coun• try th .t nobody wanted to attack, aid yet shim 1 n• Gained tee lereet tray, sal was eraieieg etery ner to obtain a huge navy. They s.w no sign of to He armaments being reduced, but on. the contrary increased. Th.. :only p:aetieal proposal weioh hail been made towards disarmament had been mede .by ou.selves. Mr. Goschen the other ds.v, in miking his speech on the naval estimates, pointed out that a very large expenditere weich Ile proposed was condi- tioaalland that if other Powers would undertake to releer their naval preparations he on his part would undeatake thet this money should not be spent. (H ar, hear Taere they had a practical proposal.and so ;a • it w is the only practical one that had been (netts- Marine to toe Budgetneis lerd,thip said that for tee first time for a good many yeaes tee Chancellor of the Ecchosuer hal hi face a deficit,brought abo et be the armament,and the ex- tremely unwise ditninte i n 1 of the tobacco duty last year. Tobacco, he thought, was cheap • neigh and he had hem un able to disc over anybody who got any benslit by the reduction while the result bad ben a vary large teas of revenue. He had not the lent doubt the: tree Opposition were extremely disappointed that no fresh taxation had been proposed, because from their point of view they would fled very little in the present Budget by which they could destroy the popeleri y of the present Government. (Hear, hoes.) As regarded the popularity of the Governtneet it was in little danger, but if it was in danger it would arise from the fact that in certain incidents toy had not pleased their supporters, who on several °ace- alone had ceticised th ir acts somewhat freely. Stesh for instance as the employers' compensation bill,portions of their forai tn policy, wed the doe muzzling ol.d.)rs. while the last thing he dil in the Reuse of Commons was t speak and vote against the Government on account of their vaccination proposals. (epplause.) It was very easy to find fault and to criticise, but what they had to do was to consider the Governm sot's policy as a whole, and if they di I that he thought they would come to the conclusion that the present Government de- served well of the country. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. S. S. Br own, seconded by Mr. J. Catterall, and supported by Alderman Sutton, the the meeting unanimously offered its most hearty con- gratulations to Colonel Riehard Pilkington, M P., upon his uuoppeeed return for the Newton Division, and whilst thanking him tor accepting the position sincerely assured him of crwinued assistance and support in the futore.

Colonel Pilkington briefly acknowledged the re;olu- doni and the meeting CloiBd witti an expression of 'zbank a to th9_chAirmll f )r prsNingt___

MEE CING OF THE COINCIL.

Upon the tmnination of the ordinary meeting, the annual met ting of the Council was Icel4, Mr. C. B. F. Borron presiding. A letter WAS read from the Chairman of the Council (3dr. D. Grialke-Drayton), requesting that a successor 13- app hated. Upon this the Chairman proposed, and Mr. W. Valiant seconded, the election of Lord Newt3u as Coairman of the Comma, which was carried with acclarnation.—Mr. C. B. F. Borron was re-elected vice-chairman. Mr. Borron and Mr. R. Stone were appointed hon. treasurers, and Mr. W. Holland Owen was appointed to the j3int position of Hon. Secre- tary and Han. solicitor.—This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
UNIONISM IN NEWTON DIVISION. SPEECHES BY IT)i-i-17 NEWTON IND

COL. PILKINGTON, M.P.

The annual meeting of taa Newton Division Conserva- tive Association was held on Saturday afternoon, at the Town Hall, Newton-le-Willows. Mr. C. B. F. Horton, J.P., presided over a large and representative gathering of delegates, amongst those present being Lord Newton, Colonel R, Pekington, MP. for the Newton Division; Dr. Ha.ndyside, Messrs. T. J. Gillespie, W. Richards m, S. S. Brown, W. Holland Owen, Thomas Walker, R. Bar- ton. Wyndham Smith, J Robinson, Tnernas Sutton, W. Valiant, R. Forshaw, E. C. Cooper, W. Coiling woos, J. Catherall, G. Clark, T. Cromptoa, George Mather, G. Crooks, W. A. Mawdsley, ani others. • Tee Cookouts expressed the pleasure which he said he was sure they all felt at seeing Lord Newton amongst them. They regretted that his services had been lost to them in the House of Commons through hie translation to the House of Lords, but his presence at Newton that day showed that ha had not forgotten them in the divi- sion which he formerly reprisented. (Applause.) Mr. Holland Owen read tee thirteenth annual report, which encouragingly reterred to the position of pon- servatism in the Division, the last revision having materially added to the strength of the party. Regret was expressed at the loss which the party had sus:ained terougn the death of several of its mimbers, prominent among them being the late Lotd Newton. . . .

Ttie Chairman, rn his cap scity as one of the hon. treaiurers, presented the financial s atement, and re- marking upon its satisfactory character, said that the subscriptions had pretty wAI balanced the expenditure, both of which were about tae average of former ye.rs. On the pr vosition of Dr. Handysideond seconded by Mc. .1. Campton, the report and balance suet were adopted. . . . .

hit. W. Valiant moved that the trst thanks of th 3 Aihociation be given to Lord Gerard for his past ser- vices as president of the association, and that his lord- suip be ru-elected. ,This was seconded by Mr. W. Richardson, and unani- mously agreed to. Toe thanks of the association were, on the motion.of Colonel Pilkiogton, M.P., and seconded by Mr. John Robinson, also VOW.] to the honorary treasurers,honocary auditors, and tne honorary secretary and solicitor. Messrs. Voisey and Birkla were re-elected honorary ' auditors, and Dr. Haudyside and the Onsirman were e. appointed as the delegate i to the Lancashire and Cueshire Union of Conservative Associatic,ns.

Mr. W. Valiant moved : '• 'fnat this meeting of the Newton Divisison Conservative Association desires to ex- press its unabated coolidence in her Majesty's Govern- merit, believing that their domestie,foreiga,and coloniel policies are best celculAed to promote the prosperity of the people, and to foster the great, interests of the BritishiEmpire." ,eMr. Wyndham Smith in seconding said the employer? liability act was the portion o, the Government's u,,irm. tic policy which most affected tiaat district, and thoaeh it would require some amendment it was a step in the right direction. Colonel Pilkington supported the reseiution, and said he was sure the confidence of the Conservative and Unionist party was well placed in Lard Salisbury as Prime Minister, and in the Government of wnica he was the bead. The position was really stronger than it was three or four mouths ago. The great achievements that were now written in the page ofhltory under the name of the present Government were pernaps the greatest that had bon accomplished by any Imperial Govern- ment during the pad quarter ot a century. (dear, hear.) During the past few weeks tne Government bad been somewnat atteeiceu oa acceuat or their financial policy. A great deal hal been said abeut their reducing the 25 millions fur tue service of the debt by two mir- lions, but he thought that %Wet was about the 'wisest proposal they could have made. L was said over and over again in the House that we were not paying our debts and not meeting our obligations in an hoaourable way, but if they looked at th; broad position he thought they would see we were nut only paying our debts out investing a large amount of capital in a very ealesecur- (H.ear, hear.)4lln 1815 our debt was 846 millions, and the interest on tea.. ce as 32 millions a year ; wails in 1899 the debt was 834 millious, a reduction ot 212 anti the interest 17 instead ot 32 millions. (Hear, hear.) The Duke (et Wellingtou writeng in 1844 to Sir Hobert Peel, said Meat Englaud was dateuceiess against an invasion by Francs, tne debt a., that time be- ing over 800 minicabs. &ace then the debt had been reduced to 634 millions. besides 100 millions beanie been paid on acc:ain:, ot the Crimean War. having what e:se had been done? There had been that investment to which he reierrei an investment on the fleet and the army—(applause)— which, he thought might very eately, be put down at 100 millions during the past 12 years. Tue.* levee meat had preyed of suca value, that during the late aut iota the French dared not go to war with us because of tne presence of our navy. (dear, hear.) Tne compiairat made against the lzireveinineut was that thee were not paying their debts and meeting their obligations. They had made an inve,tmeut of 100 millions ou tie fleet, eel as business men tes hearers would readtly see that if they did that ia 12 years it was not a monstrous propo- sition that they should hors ceastd during those 12 years paying off the debt. Daring those 12 years 70 millions of the debt were paid on,. so that toe charge breught against the Government absolutely fell to true ground. (dear, hear.) They talked in the House of Commons of war cue, being done away with, but he ceatended that the first war chest that had been made was true reeuc- tion of the debt from 800 millions to 600 minions. (dear hear.) fhe next war west, and perhaps tat, best one of all, had been the investment oe the fleet, and the army, which had prevented war altogether. (Applause.) They should pay off some of tau dent SO that our credit could be kept good and a proper po icy to ais mind wait pay. off something like six or eiget millions a year. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Bulges, it hal been proposed that an adiitien to the wine duty should be one of the means adopted of moaning the deficiency, of about three millions. A considerable num- ber of members in the House had taken the matter up, and had memorialised the Government not to raise the duty on the wines coining from the coloni,es. (Hear, hear and applause.) Dist was a policy wnicti entirely commended itself to him, because no felt that the colonies in every respect ougat to be preferentia!ly treated. 'foie proposal was akin to the action taken by Canada in reducing the duties on English goois oy 25 per cent. to the enormous benefit of the iedustries of Lancashire and the country generally. (Hear, hear.) Re wanted to see the operations of foreign countries broken down_, and he did no:, swan.? way to break down except by taking such a step all Canada took. They could start here by letting colonial wines • come in at a less duty and be puttiee a higher duty on wines from foreign countries. (Hear, bear.) The fundamental principles of our finance ought to oe to give the utmost encouragement and the utmost facility to Eeglish and colonial trade. (Hear, bear.) The great question they bad before them was how to encourage trade from the colonies,and it seemed to him that to adopt the sugges• Lion to reduce the wine duty would not do any harm to English trade butwould help ttee colonies,while it would not interfere with the exchequer, because it was a very small quantity of colonial wine that came into this country. In future years, however, we might have a very large quantity of wine c ening in from &Wm Africa, Australia, and other colonial, and they in re- turn might take increased supplies Ed English goods (Applause.) Tne resolution was unanimously carried.

The Chairman moved he nex, resolution, which was, " That this meeting desires to express its sense of the loss custained by the Conservative and Unionist party in tee Newton Division throne the succession of their late member,the present Lord iNl43:vton, to the H )t.ase of Lords' and further desir. s t d.CCOId t 3 his lordship taeir best and most hearty taaaks tor th 3 very excellent manner in whit% his lordship vpresinted the interests of the Newton Division in Parliament." When, he said, the Hon. T. W. Leigh teetered that division he put his full energy, thought,and werk lute the interests of the party an I he worked with ..ndring energy to command the respec; of not only his own party hut of the whole dis- trict. (Applause.) And now th sy had all heard ex- pressions of the de,pest re4ret from Conservatives and Liberals alike that he had had to sever his coanectim with the division as its Parliammatary representative. They, however, could ail rest assured Moat he had still at heart the interests of the division with which hs had been for so long a tirne associate'. (Applause) Mr. T. J. Gillespie sec.naded the resolution, which was unanimously passed. Lord Newton, in respondinz, said that when last he had the h3nour of addressing an audience in that room he little thought that it n as hie last appearance as their member, and that upon the next 'occasion be should ad- dress them as their past representative. The years which a man passed in the House of Commons would always be amongst the most memorable hi his life, and if he were fortunate enough to represent so excelleait a constituency as that of Newton the recollections of thise years would be amongst his most pleasant memories. He assured all present of his gratitude for the support he had received from them in the past, and it had always been a great satisfaction to ;aim t 3 think that if election- eering figures were any tAit their confidence in him con- tinued to increase as time went on. (Applanse.) Perhaps if they reached the high water mark of confidence at the last general electioa it was just as well he had net to put their confidence to any further test. (Laughter.) But in thanking them warmly, and from the bottom of his heart, for their support he felt he ought also to include those gentlemen—and there were many of them—who did not agree with him in politics who had opposed him in a straightforward manner, with whom he had few ideas in common, and yet from many of them he had I received much and lull consideration in the past. (Hear hear.) He had been rem ,ved to a sphere where active participation in politics was barely possible, but they need not suppose tor one moment that his intereet in the political life of that division w uld flag. (Applause.) He had not the least doubt that they would see and hear him extremely frequently in the future, and they could depend upon it that as long as he lived he should take

===== 0002601_18990505_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE 1106100IST SUNDA.Y

SC /100 LS EA. la ESTO WN.

On Sunday, the anniv -sw.y services in connection with the above Schools were held in the Chapel. The chapel has been closed for s rime little time underg ing re-decoration, and the s-rvicle on Suuday performed the I twofold obj •ct of celebrating the Sunday School anniver- sary; and of the re-openi ig ot the building. The work has been carried out by Mr. J. C. Starkey, and the chapel presents a very pl lasing appearance, the vvrk of decoration having be, ra executed in an artistic mariner. The spacial preacher for the day was the Rev. U. 0. H. Richardson of Hull, whose discourses were at once interesting and appropriate. Spnial hymns were suag by the choir and children under the guidance ot Mr. W, Banton. At the m )rning service the anthem "Ye shall dwell in the Lin I," was effiliently rend- r..ci by the choir, the soloist being Mr. 0. Austin and Miss Wools. At the evening service the anthems were " 0 Siviour of the World," and " The Lord is my Shepherd," the solo in the latter be ng given by Mr. Tombs, and a duet by the Misses Stronacii. In tee aUeraoon the Sacred Can- tata" Jonah" by A. J. Januunean was vellered in excelleat taste by the choir and childvn, under the con- ductorship of Mr. W. Banton. The principal soloists were M:sses Tombs, Woods, Stronach, Messrs. F. Tombs, A. Banton, J. Austin and R. Sprostea. The quartet " 0 that the Lard " was taken by tue Misses Baxter, Messrs. Tumbs and E. Mullins, and that of " Still, still with Thee," be Misses B. and L. Mckeas, Messrs. J. Sproston and J. T Banton. All the choruses, part songs and autos were given in a very finished manner, and the production gave evident satisfaction to the large conereeation. Tile !collections during the day amounted to £4O 5s •an i,tcrea4 na eem.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE 'fEE bUtkidf.

Many ladies and gentlumen have by them old or dis- used false teeth, which might as well bi turned into money. Messrs. R. D. St J. Fl. Fraser.of Princes-street, Ipswich, established since 1833, buy old false teeth. If you send your teeth to them they will remit you by return post the utmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you the beet offer, and hold the te2th over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs. Bacon & Co., Bankers, Ipswicti.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990505_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

This ordinary monthly meeting of this Council was held in the Town EIMI, E trlestown on Monday evening. Mr C B F Borron, J.P. C.C., presided. and there were also ire.e tt Collingwood (vice-chairman), W Eatmett, J. P., N Siddeley, W Gilmour, R Stone, J. P., J Simpson D • P sttersoa, W Thomptanj H Fortter, T Demand with Mr W W &Utley (clerk), Mr A Bowes (surveyor), aid Mr D H Lloyd (gas and water en- gineer.)

===== 0002601_18990505_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CENIETERY COMMITTEE

At a meeting, of tilts commictee on April 17lio, it was resolved that Mr. Simpson be Chairman of the Commit.. ter for the ensui ig year. Tne sub-committee appointFd in that behalf reported that they recomm Jaded (a) that the coping t 3 the boundary wall, chimney stacks, and defective parts of chapel and h use, be pointed, and that the work be done by Mr. E. Bunting by daywora ; (b) that tenders be Mvited for painting all iron ralls an I gates and all maternal wood and ironwork to the chapel and house, &C, as pr surveyor's specification, and (e) tut separaze gas me:ers be fired at the chapel and howls, and ah necessary gas fittings erected by the gas marl:agar:

Tee minu`ei were aporovl on the motion of Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. SiddAlny. TECHNICAL INS ['RUCTION.

At a meeting of the recant-cal lestruccion Committee on the 17th April, it was resolveci that Dr. Patterson be appointed Chairman of no Committee during the ensu- ing year; and that Dr. Patterson, Mr. Borron, Mr. Thornpsoa, and Mr. Evans be representatives of this committee on the Viaduct Institute Technical Insreirc-- tif,n Committee fer the year commencing June 15t,1899, and ending May 21st, 1900. Dr. Patterson moved and Mr. Simpson seconded the adoption of the mieutee which w, re approved of. GS AND WATER COMMIFTEE. Tnis Commit ee resolved that Mr. Boma t • Chair- man of the Committe for the ensuing year; th it the foil 'wine matt6rs be referred to toe GU Works Exten- sions Committee for their consideration an i report, viz. : (a) The advieebility or otlrrwise of purchasing horses and carts; (b) To consider the question of incaedescent lamps for street lighting, and the Gas Maaager's report thereon as to tee cast thereof in comp trison with ordinary bornera or other system. The San-Committee appointfd fur th 3 purpose, recommeaded that water m3ters b 3 fixed to the premises of those persons using water for any of the following trade purposes, viz.: Bak-es, batches, grocers, greengrocers, and fish dealers, dairies and milkshops, works and manufactories, and ' in all oases where .water is used for building purposes. It was also resolved that the foregoing report be , approve i and adopted, and that water meters be fixed ' at eoch day school within the district for a period of six , neenths as an experiment, the quarterly charge to remain during the six months as at present. A letter, dat,d lltn April, was read from Messrs Fletcher, Russell 431 Ca., Liniel, Warrington, applying far sanction to tiold a ea+ cooking exhibition in Earlestown,and naming ' their conditions for same. It was niw ordered that the , Clerk reply. staieg that the Committee have no objec- tions to their holding an exhibitien if they will pay the whole of the expeeses. and also on the understanding that the Council do not bind theineeivee to purchase gas co )kers from them—Toe Chairman reporel that the Sub-Committee had appointed Charles D. Mayor, of Rigb-street, Newton-le-Willows, as Junior Clerk in the Collector's Offi 19 —lt was resolved that all exiting Gas and Water Sub-Committees be re-appoin,ed, and that Mr. Stoee'e name be added to the Gasworks Extensions Co mrnittve.

A. quevi In of Mr. drilm9ur's with reference to adver- tinag tor a Gt.; and W4ter Erigibeer having been ruled Jut of or&r he rninurea w,v,!) %oar wed of. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

The Medical °Seer of [Leith re for the quarter &vied 31st March, 1893, as foilows, v z. :—Tnere were registere : Births, 60 males 62 females ; deathe. 34 in des, 30 females ; excess of births, 26 males, 32 hem ties. Doe birch-rave was 32 2, and the death rate 16 8 per theusind of the estenetei p opulvien. The mortality was irom the eubjeine 1 causes : Puerperal fever 1, erveip :Us 1, whooping cough 1, diarrhce t 2, rheumatic fever 1, influ.enze 7, phthis4 2, brenciiiio, pieunonia, and pleuriey 10, been disease 8, all other diseases 31, total 64. Tee infantile &call rate was 16 3 per cent. The deaths of children leader five years ef. Age were 406 per cent, of the tot 11 number of deaths Caere were only three deaths certified as die to zero:eerie eiseese, viz . whooping cough 1, diarrh int 2. Twenty- .e_tri infectious diseases cas-s were net fled, viz., se,r- lsti et 23, tent .ric fever 1, erysipelas 3 ; or an annu ii zymotic sick rate (notified) of 7.1 pr housand of the est'eneted p p iletion. Fourteen of tees cases-13 of scatl Lana and the case if enteric fever--were removed to the Isolation Rospital, Warrington. rue dirribetion of the 27 ceses was as follow :—Viedunt War 1. 7; ['owe Hall Ward. 9 ; Crow-lane Ward, 2; Nawten War I, 5; VVergrave Weil, 4. Adverting to the reepeot rd- eeived on the 15-ei ult. that he eto mild inspect the I,lk s, &e., Dr. Watkins wrote as follows :—" My reply to your Clerk (posted on the eveaingof that day) would inform On that I had done so independently of the resolution ,f the Sanitary Committee, indeed before I had seen the r vest. I would revert to me report of the state of Milingford Brook on that day (15th March last). I was under the belief that it was the common knowledge of at least the Benitary C minittee that nothing practical , had been done ti ameliorate the condition of the brook. Is it heti Keen public:y and ()Malan?, admitted that sewage was coming down the brook and hai not been awed, the continued pollution of the lake was manifest. tie c iuse had not,been reneoved,therefore the effect coul .1 not cease. I have ins4ecel the brook every week since, ,nd Ic an report nettling more satisfactory than the simple fact that the recent rainfall effecte I an im 'rove- mint oesctly commeesurate with the diminution of the propertionate qeentity of sewage pollution. I observed yesterday that the Gotham, C ,uncil has be- gun the work of the diversion sewer they indicated in a recent communication." Refer- ring to the nuisance at Wharf-road and Common- road, Dr. Watkins reported that the petitioners hae strong reaseni fee their comeleints. The manure un- loaded from canal boats had an inieecribably offensive wench, and the intervals between the consignments were so short that the nuisance practically was a per- petual one. He repeeted that it was one dangerous to pitle'c health —The Highways and Sanit try Cemmittee res ned teat the question of regulations under the dairies cow Meds, awl milkshopi order of 1893, and also the qua 'don of the consignment and unloading of manure at Neserion Common be referred to a sub-committee con- sisting of Messrs. Ceiling wood, Barron, 8:oae, Wood, Pattersen, Thempson and Ormand. HICitiWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. Mr. Colliagwood was appointed Chairman of this com- mittee for the ensuing year. The committee resolved that the tender of Messrs. J. Bibby,Soneand Company of St. Helens, of 3s 61 per ton (net) of slag (delivered at Belies. town Station) for the repair of Swan-road be accepted. Ir was also resolved that the plan of a lock-up shop in Wergrave-road, for Mr. A. L. Coinage, of Ice, be not passed on the grounds of want of ckset accommodation. and that plan of two dwelling houses in Haydock.street, f Mr. James Sudworth ; and plan of additional out- buildmg4 for Dr. Handyside, Metket-street,be approved ant eased. A letter dated 7th April, was read from the Urban District Council of Gelborne in reply to the Clerk's letter of the 22nd March, 1899, bearing upon the question of river pollution and sewage purification. The letter at the Golberne Council ev idled the questions wircb had been asked by the Newton Council, and was considered very unsatisfactory. The Clerk was there- fore directed to again write to the (*.Aherne Council and state that they consider their previous letter un- answered. A letter dated 7th April, was read from the Lancashire County Council offering this Council a sum of £650 for ordinary repair and maintenance of the main roads, and a sum of £l6O for sp -dal works during trio year ending 31st of March, 1900. After consideration thereof it was resolved that the chairman of this com- mittee and the clerk attend faders the M tin Roads and Bri Iges Committee of the Lancashire County Council at Preston, with a view to obtaining an increase of the grant, and to have power either to accept or reject the offer of the County Council as might be considered nrceseary after an interview with the County Surveyor A circular letter dated the 20th March, was read from the Mara* of Blackpool, inviting the Council t o send re- presentarives to the annual congress of the Royal Nati tute of Public Health, which will be held this year its Bleckpool in September next.—lt was ordered that the Clerk reply in suitable terms declining the invitation.— Estimates of expenditure on the highways and streets tor the year ending the 31st of March, 1900, were sub- mitted to, and considered by the committee. After the same had been adjusted they were approved, and it was oreered that the same be passed on to the Finance Com- raittee.—lt was resolved that Mr. Stone, J.P., Mr. Simp- son, Mr. Fenster, and Dr. Patterson, with the Chairman be a sub-C ommittee to consider and report as to thecost of the removal of nightseil (a) by the Council and (b) by contract.

Mr. Collingwood moved, and Mr. Ormand seconded the adoption of the minutes.

Mr. Gihnour said he asked the question in committee, and he would repeat it now whether thero was sufficient area acc,rding to the bye-laws, shown on the plan for the outhuildiogs for Dr. Handyside. Mr. Collingwood explained that the plans would no'. have been passed if they had ni:4 been in accorthnze with the byelaw.

Mr. Ormand said that according to the standing orders notice of the question by Mr. Gilmour ought to have b?en given to the Chairman, the Chairman of the commvee or the officials.

Mr. Gilmour: I have a perfact right to ask this ques_ tion without giving notice. Mr. Ofmlnd : It is a question to be judged by the Standing Orders. Mr. Gilmour : I object to his interferance.

The Chlizmin : You may object but I agree with Mr. Orman:l that notice should be given of questions of this cis Lracter. This question wis asked in committee and answered then.

Mr. Gilmour: When tbe plans were pasged no build- ing.; were in course of erection.

Tile Chairman : Do you pr 00053 that the minutes be pass.td with the exception of this minute mid you t 3

take the responsibility._

Mr. Gihuour : I will take no responsibility. It is for the engineer t ) take his own responsibility. The Chairtnan : The engineer has answered your cpiestion and t 1 1.11 hal changed his mind h., wauld have told you. D ) you wi,h tho minute deleted?

M. Gilmour: lam satisfied if the engineer will vouch for it that the plan is correct. The Chairman: He has already dune 80. The minute e were then passed. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE, was r.aoived that Mr. Barron be Chairman of this committee for the ensuing year. A letter dated 14th April, was read from Mr. S. Dung, of Wargrave-roal, offering the sum of £lO per annum for th use of a room over the shops on the market for an office, subject to the Council placing therein an additional window. It was reeolv,d that Om application be acceded to subject to hi 4 takinr th • office for a term of five years, the rent t 3 be end quarrerly in advance.

Tie Chairman proposed that the minutes ba adapted. Mr. Simpvion apeoaded, and the motion was carried. THE FINANCE COMMITTEE. MR. GIL VIOUR AND "ETCETERAS."

Mr. °mend prvosed, and Mr. Thompson seeonded the adoption of the minutes of the Finance Committee. Mr. Gdmour called attention to an itena of £2B 2s 4i; the cost of the recent elections for" Returning officers, presiding offi .t.rs, poll clerks' and counters' fees, posters, stationery. Bz3 " He thought " etceteras" ought to be stru.dt out, or else an explanation given. If a rat ?payer askcd him n whit it meant be was unable to tell him. The Char na of the Finance Committee told him in com- mittee, thV• if he was not satiified with the explanation given he nuft: examine the accounts for himself. Mr. Orma rid rose to a point of order. He had said nothing of toe:kind, and he objected to words being put into his mouth.

The Ctiairm in to Mr. Gilmour: I cannot grasp whit you are referring_to. _

- Mr. GilmJur don't see what is the reason of "etc." The rat payer .i have a perfect right to know. Cho Cuairman : It includes a numb ,r of small items that really no ratepayer would ask questions about. You havA had an opportunity of examining them. Mi. Gilmour: I want to kuow what they are and "if sitoli and such "are correct.

!'he CUiirmin : If you know certain facts you had better ask if they are correct, and the Cnairman of the committee will answer you. Mr. Gitmour : I want to know what they amount to.

The Chairmal : You told rue ;distinctly that you knew all about it.

Mr. Gilmour: I didn't say such,a thing. I don't wish wlrds to b 9 put into my mouth. The Chairman : I think the Council will agree with me in whit I say. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Gilmnur : I think you understand English as well as Scotc i. I want to know _what the" etceteras" are.

The Chairman : This matter was before the Finance Com[nEtee and Mr. Ormand was very caraful to explain the acconot-i and wished Mr. Gilmour to know every- thing ab u th eKpelses included in the sum of £2B 2.1 41 Mr. G lmour declinA to take advantage of the opportunity. It was his duty as representative of the ratepayer to have done eo.

M. G Imiur : The pub!ic want the figures publishing. Mr. Ormaad told me there were constabulary and other charges.

Mr.:Orman,' stil! reiterated that he had not refusel to give any information. Mr. Gilmour point blank refused in commiit eto examine the accounts. There were only three items included in "Sv.:" and those were the ,tharges for the use of schools, cabs, and constabulary. He was astonishod at Mr; Gilmour brin4ing the matter forward now whla h 3 had every opportunity of getting the in- forint Liu in committee. Mr. Gilmour came to the Counc 1 ;co air his views when the press was represented. Mr. Gilmour: Not a single figure was given to me in committee.

Mr. Oral And : Me figures were there for Mr Gilmour to Rue.

Thl Chairman corroborated Mr. Ormand's statement as t 9 wbAc to )k plale in committee.

Mr. Gilmour : I said I ArlA disiatisfied and would raise th,.4 question at the Coun-.11 meeting. Th., Chairman : The opp)rtuaity was given you to satiely yourself, and you could have done so without occupying tile time of the committee or the Council. Mr. Ormind said he should like to state that the whole of the charges for the election were perfectly in order and in accordance with the scale of costs, charges and oxpenses which bad been laid down by the County Council.

Mr. E!nmett thought there had been a great waste of the C)LI.ICiI'S time on this matter. Mr. Gilmour had brought it forward in order to air his little grievances or iik, hi rissif a little prominent before the public. Mr, Gilmour: There is another "Ste." on page 21, "Ad vertiiing gas and water engineer &a." £2 ss. What is the explanation in regard to that ? • Mr. Oral ind said he would like to know why Mr. Gilmour did 'ant ask tee questions in committee. He T)uld h .vu satisfied himself in a moment. Toe commit- e did not desire to keep ahything fram him. Mr. Giiinour tried t) make it appear that the committee was Lnldi-on2)thing hick. rhere was only one member of the Coaucil who could keep the other 14, members straight and that Marl was Mr. Gilmour. _ _

Mr. Gilmour : Thank you. Mr. Ormand said h 9 supposed Mr. Gilmour wished to see e5,,137 item for parafna oil and twine and' other small things printed.

Mr. tillimour : What is the u>e of printing the agenda if we a.:•3 uo ving to get information. T ieoi &matt s 0.1 to C)uacil hAd agreed that the printing a ic )unt 9.hould be kept down. Mr. Ultima; said he did not wish to cat any ream- tin or) the .hairman or Mr.Ormaad, bet every member of ime Council ough,t to be able t) obtain information,. Tee Cnairmiti 83.1 d the time of the C)uncil had been wasted by Mr. Gilmour who had been neglectful of his duty to th 3 icatevayere in not examining the accounts wilee he bad the opportunity. Tee mi.iutes of the MU 111C3 Committee were then pas .d, Nlr, Gilmour alone dissenting. The CJulaci shordy afi.er wards rose.

GIRL'S CLUB, SILVER-STREET, WARRINGTON. 01 Weduesday. May 3ri, tie chsing meeting of this club was held (sad after a substantial tea,kindly provided by .Mr. W. Silcozk, a very pleasant even. ing was spent in music, song, and recitations. The past season lt.s been marked by great progress and improvement amongst the girls, and in every way most satisfactory results have been obtained and egpecial acknowleigment of this was made by Mrs Garnett who presidel and referred to Mrs. Davies, the Matron's, most painstaking efforts. Au interesting feature of the programme WllB the presentation of neck shawls to tl all those who had made 100 out of 104 possible attendances. These were also the gifts of the same kind donor. Another gratifying item was the dis- tribution of stockings knitted by the girls them- selves with wool supplied by the ladies. Amongst those pre.ient were Miss Dutton,Miss G. Sloane,Miss tsanc, Miss Davey, the Misses Collin, Miss Holt, and Miss As!idown, the secretary. Thanks are due to all w.:o have helped by gilts or personal attendance in sustaining this useful though unostentatious institution through the past winter and it would he well if such beneficent missions were multiplied in our town.

TUE THE LI VER £lO TO £2,000. LIVER TH a THE LIVER LIVER THE COTTAGES, VILLAS, THE LIVER LI VEIL THE ER HOTELS THE LIV , THE THE THE LI VEIL BOARDING-HOUSES, LIVER THE THE LIVER MANSIONS, LIVER THE THE LIVER FURNISHED THROUGHOUT LIVER TH E FOR CASH OR LIVER DEFERRED PAYMENTS. THE LIVER THE PERFECT SATISFACTION THE LIVER GUARANTEED. LIVER

T HE —741/1 LIVER .1 HE LIVER FURNISHING 111 LIVER THE THE LIVER LIVER T fa COMPANY THE LIVER (Estab:ished over 50 Years).. LIVER THE THE LIVER 112, CAZNEAU-STREET, LIVER THE 8002 LAND-ROAD. THE LIVER LIVERPOOL, LIVER tHs THE LIVER Absolutely the Oldest, Largest, Best, LIVER Tad, and Cheapest Firm of Genuine, Fur- THE LIVER nishing Contractors. Carpet Factors, LIVER THE Ironmongers, and General Merchants THE LIVER in the North of England. LIVER Tule; NEW and SECOND-HAND RE- THE LIVER LIVER LIABLE GOODS of every description. .1214 ci Trains tiom all Railway Stations in THE m LIVER the City and the Fierhead pass the LIVER THE.- GREAT HOUSEHOLD FURNISHING- ...-1-#E

LIVER ETORES every minute. Yare On--e LIVER Penny. THE LIVER LIVER TH ii 1 12 C THE LIVER JL 9 'AZ NEAU-STREET, LIVER TH isi LIVEEPOOL. THE LIVER LIVER

Warrington.--. Printed and published by John WlTacEs a Co' at The Examiner lieneral Prittii&g Vorks, Bewsey-stroe'll and published by them at the same place aud also at 738 Examiner Oftiees, Victoria-road, W ; 42, aeorg. street, ST. HELEINS, aud 3 Mana ~. i -street, tiafiLESTowif ithe County of Lancaster and rii6o at liigh-stroe. musooallr I n the County 01 Chester.—MAY 5 189 J

===== 0002601_18990505_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S EXHIBITION OF PROVISIONS 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET.

CHRISTADEL PET lAN ROOM., BOLD-STREET s _WARRINGI ON.—LECTURE (n.v.) 6.30p.m. May 7th, i_tclpect " Chrisi's birth Ind rejt n aid return for war, " gement, and utiver at peace," by Yir. J P. JENNINGS 'lf Warrington. Seats free, No :..:''ectTons or offerings. NEW GOSPEL EIALL, FORSTER-9TREET. WARRINGTON.—MRITIS ON LORD'S DA.Y. Irr 7TH as follows :—Worship IC-30, School 2, Uospel 6.30. A 1 seats free. No collection. Books provided, ON AND AF MR, SA fURDAY rho 6th May the BANKS in LYMNI WILL 0 eliN on SATURDAY at and CLOSE at 11-3 Q,

LORD BROS'. SHOW OP COSTUMES, COSTUMES, COSTUMES FROM 9s. lID. To 425. ALTERED FREE. FIT GUARANTEED. AT 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ON AND AF 6TH MAY cp NEXT, the BANK, in WAIBINIION wid OPEN on 'ATURDAYS at 9-30 and CLOSE at i 2 o'clock noon. By order, C't Parr's Bank Limited. JOHN MUERAY. Manager. Manchester and Liverpool Di.tr:ct, Ranking Co ,Ltd., It G HFN.:4IAU , onager. hrthe Lancashire and Yorkshire B nkL im,ted, F W. GILBERT Manager. Por the National Provincial Rlnk of F.oglane, Limited, POr R. H. MELDRU Al Manager. ..e Union Bank of A.nchestee, Lim tea. W. HARRIS WRIGHT, Manager.

41,-6 pp EG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAAR PECHALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-STREE2, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

I fl YCLIFFE k.jIII.7RCH, WARRINGTON. PROPOSED RIGBY MEMORIAL BUILDINGS. " GRAND E XCEL'q OR " BAZAAR. (UNDER DISTINGUkHED PATRONAGE) ta Aid of the lluilding Fund of the a)iove will be held in THE PARR HALL, PALMYRA. SQUARE, ON MAY 9TH, 10TH, 11TH, AND 12TH, 1899. NEW AND SUPERB SCENERY BY F. LE MAISTRE AND CO., Mascru:smEß. whole brilliantly lighted by the ELE CTRIC LIGHT. A SPLENDID Assortment of Fancy, Artistic and Useful Articles. REFRESHMENT AND FLGWER STALLS. TEA, SUPPER., AND SiI')KING ROOMS. GRAND ORCHESTRA. under the conductorship of liesßrs. W. H. PAYTON, MUS. Bic., and R. H. PEiaSoN. ~,VARIOUS ENTERTAINMENTS including "The Bengal per," Living ‘Vaxworks and Talb-auz, Concerts, Hat timming, Fish Pena, Village Pump, &c., Ac; THE BAZAAR WILL BE OPENED b„On TUESDAY MY 9h at 2-0 p m, by Lieut.-Col. W: W. VLICINGTON, J P.. of Prescot and St Helens. The •wAlroß (Alderman J. H. Wright, Esq., J P.), will preside, R,,,1311 WEDNESDAY, MAY 10th, at 2-0 p m, by Mrs. E. -Q —ORROCK ECCLES (fluyton). Miss BESSIE DUTTON 11 Preside. liOn THURSDAY, MAY 11th, at 3-0 p m, by ARTHUR 7. CROSFIRLD, ICsq. FR IiDERICIi MON KS, Esq.. 43., will preside. ON FRIDAY, MAY 12th, at 3-0 pm, by Miss NAYLOR, %-khelwall). R. A. INAYIA It, keg., will preside. PRICES OF ADMIS .10N :—Sear.on Ticket, Half-a-crown Single admission : 'luesday till 6-0 p m. Two thu jugs after 6-0 pm, Lite lniling. W dnesday till 6-3 pm. One hilling; alter 6-0 p m. Sixpence. Thursday, all day Sixpence. Fridy. till 6-0 p in, fAxpence ; atter 6-0 pm, Threepence. Chldren under 12, half pri:e. NOTE THE DATES AND COME 1 _ G_ RAND CIRCUS, WA RRINGTON. FOR ONE WE adi ONLY COMMENCIMG MONDAY, MAY BTH, 1899. TWO-GRAND AFTillt,soo4 PERFORMANCES ON THURSDAY, MAY 11TH, AND SATURDAY, MAY 13m. toora open for Afternoon Performances at 2 commence at 2-30 MESSRS. LIVERMORE BROTHERS beg to intimate to their numerous patrons that they have secured the services, for one week only, of the Greatest Novelty in Use World I at the Enormous Sl.lary o' TEIE COLIBRIS MIDGETS! 211 R NINE LILIPUTIA7 WONDERS OF THE WORLD With their Dwarf Ponies, Miniature Landaus, and Golden Carriages, the same as presented to them by the Queen of Spain. jhelr Heights varying from E 2 inches to 33 inches, and nsir Perfcrmarees eon iFt've of Miniature Vocalists. Instru- tNentalists. Acrobats, Wire Walkers, Comedians, Dancers, 'Jugglers Clowns,Pantonrinsists, Niggers. 8 These chanting little people alth ugh am all are perfect ~Deellnens of huinalli y and are in no way deformed. Any- .l'!!, Missing this opportunity of seeing sue h a performance 'Y 11 regret it very much as it is a SIGHT in a LIFE TIME. THE COLIBILIS MIDGETS WILL BE SUPPORTED BR MESSRS. LIVERVIORII BKOTLIEUS' GRAND COMPANY 01 STAR ARTISTES. WPULAR PRICE to enable everyone to witness thi a onderful Performance : b_Reserved Seats. 25., Pit, is., Balcony, 61, Gallery, 3d. r 1Y Doors open at 7—to avoid the crush-3d. estra to ClParts. f.,!PICCIAL NOTICE —Messrs. Livermore Brothers will ex- nu' their usual privileges, viz.: Each Adult paying for priission at the Mors will be allowed to bring Two Children 4UB OF CIIAR:1 el to all parts except Gallery. This Plies to the AFIRRNO.3N PER.PORMANCRS ONLY. 4,„Tjae Colibris Midgets arrive special train 3.20 p.m. London North-Western Station, Suaday.

ALL in DEBT or DIFFICULTIES should consult Mr. A. LEWIS. F.I.A„ 9, Union-court. Castle-street Liverpool. Creditors arranged with without bankruptcy or legal proceedings. Consult ition free. All persons served with writs or summonses should apply at once. VOTICE.—ALL FOWLS and PIGEONS found trespassiw on laud belongin,; to RICE ARA HUNT, in Asbton-iu-Makerfield, will be destroyed without further notice. Dated April 19th, 1899.

DOG COLLARS.—First-class Collar, collie's or terrier's, with name and address. Is 6d post free ; Muzzles half prise.—ROBERTS. Engraver, 87 Lord-street , Liverpool. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 38. lid. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each tecover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. 7, MANCHESTER-ST. ; branch, 9, Great G-eorge- street, Liverpool.

p 01.1_,R1fAS, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 1.1) T. BGGINGTOWS Improved Rftectual TRUSS for Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7ls 9 Grosvenor-street Lou oon-road. Manchester.

BOROUGH OF tr-, r; WARRINGTON. , W ARRINGTON CORPORNTION CONCEN- TR ATED MANURE. TWENTY-FIRST SEisoN. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near -WARRINGTON. WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A' SO COINS. WAR MEDI, LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine ~eleAion of RARE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S PENNiNGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-1067SHAW-STRER'I, LIVERPOOL-33. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

BBARLOW'S TIC POWDERS. Cure Pain in Face, Teeth, Limb 3 ; Neurilgia, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Anaemia. Ac. All Chemists Is Ld and 2a 91. Testi- monials post-free, ILLSLEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle. GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL Is now showing an ENORMOUS S'l OCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST STYLES AND MOST MODERATE PILICES the City. BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good gnatity and first-class workmanship The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them f rIT KOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large stook, experience, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which naturally apply to or well-known extensive business of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852). in whieh we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all part of the country. make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE t LESS THAN THE USUAL COST PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will seoure any article, and prevent disappointment. It. H. REED AND SON, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT - LIVERPOOL. LIME-STREET END (Close by the Adelphl Hotel).

THE QUESTION OF THE DAY.—WHERE TO SPEND THE SUMMER HOLIDAY ? 0 TO RHYL. -Cheap Bookings from all parts.— An hour and a hare run from WarrinAton. BRIGHT, BLIACING, AND BREEZY. Best bathing and safest boating in the kingdom. trnsurpassed for moderate chlrges and cheap living. Five miles of tx-nis, driest atmosphere, purest %Met% and perfect sanitation. !Ossse, Hotels. Hy iros, Boar 'ing Houses, and Apartments. AsPhalted Promenade. a fo:ty acre Marine Lake, Pier and Concert Pavilion, rural sandhills. Death rate in 1893 only 16 11. birect and short access to the beauties of the Vales of Clwyd and Conway. to Bettws y Cced, Mend i Straits, and Snowden.--Nea Excursions Daily. ALL INFORMATIoN GRAILS FROM SECRETARY, ImpROVEMENT ASOCW lON RHYL.

TAM kJ 011ANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOrIL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROA.D, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest lia the world to detach. Chief Depats and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND SA.UNDERSON. District Manager. Establidhed 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington Mr. STANWAY, 37, Buttermarket Street, Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRF!„ HANDLaY AND BECK. Ironmongers.

LIVERPOO', To LL A N DUDNO. B BANGOR, & MENAI Br IDGR. DAILY SAII.XN G P.cluding Sunthys, Commencing FATUF DAY, 6Tit MAY. The Splendid Paddle Stearnor "SNOWDON " ". leave the Prince's Landing Stage. Daily (including Sun- ). at 10-45 a m.. tor Ll3ndlidno, liatiurtlis' Bangor. and 4:]lal Bridge, a lowing abut 3t hours ashore at Llandudno due bac, in I.'verpool at p m. lb. RETURN DAY PAM'S. Ist Saloon 2nd Saloon. "Pool and Lla nclu ino .... ........ .5s rerpool and Menai straits 6s 6d 4s Xxtra Bailings by '•ST. TUDNO" and "ST. ELMS" . during Whitsuntide Holidays. r all further pa tienb.r. apply to THE LIYFRPOOL AND 20--,aR WALES STEAMSHIP Co., LTD., T.G. BREW, Secretary, VT AT a STREET, LIyELPooL. Tel 633.6. ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cowa, &C. ren..oved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Faimers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAItD, LONGFORD.

LONG WORTH PAPER MERCHANT. BUITHR PAPER, 13s 6d ewt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE „ Ils „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE OR PINK,. 12s 6d CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 7id ;16 by 24, loid ; 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. Is, 4 ozs. Is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE Id per 10 U less. ENVELOPES, Is 6cl 1000. NOTRPAPER,4I per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK TRIM, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

WILLIAM I . INDOP, Miniature' Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, CiRE EN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES Che, a, Draughts, Tables Recovered Foli PARLOUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, at. PuaLics. Skittles, &e. Estimates given. , 38, SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLIsHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

STARCHING A PLEASURE! THM NitW STARCH, L. B. THOMAS & Co's. GLOSsIER STARCH Requires no glaze, may be used with hot or cold water. Saves time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist for it. Sold in packets id. and 4d. Sole Manufacturers : L. R. THOMAS & Co., Prince's Buildings, Rdge-lane, Liverpool. Ask your wooer for sample packet.

lAT. B. SWEETIIAN'S HAIR LOTION. Ihe Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRIOR 2s. 6d. PEEL BOTTLE. 5, RANEL AG li-ST R HET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

OWEET ][IEAS (sow Now). ECKFORD'S GIANT FLOWERED VARIETIES. We have dhearded the ol sorts ana made a speciality of these re _By grand Novelties of the easiest culture in eve!), garden all post tree. COLLECIIoN OF ElGlif NOV ,4.14T1ES (s3paraie) 3s. Gd. COLLECTION OF TEN CHOICE;OttT (separate) 2s. 6d. 16 Ounces, in 20 Splendid Sorts (separate) for 10g. 8 Ounces in 10 Splendid Sorts (separate) for ss. Superb ixture of 30 sorts, per lb 3s. 6d. For fu particulars of the above and other good things tor every garden see our Concise List, post free. KE R AND SONS' CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, 13hiSNETT STREKT, LIVII.;RPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACiURBRS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16a. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24a. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9a. o. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-:•TREET, LIVERPOOL.

GENUIN3 EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY INT CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHRUM VII° GOUT, SCIATICA LUMBAGO, HEADACHE PAINS IN THE SIOMACH, SPASMS, BRUI,ES, CHILBLAINS, &C. PRICE is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. -- J. H. AND So JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHA.PEL ; 7, CHURCH-STREET; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EvANs, SON AND CO., and JOHN THOME.- ON, Liverpool.

CHAS. W. BUTLIN & SON, PADGATE NURSERIES AND POULTRY-FARM Near Warrington NURSERYMEN, FLORISTS & SBEDSMEN. 10,000 BEDDING PLANTS FOR SALE. MARKET: WARRINGTON, EARLESTOWN, IGAN. IV STOCION HEATH: MONDAYS. Inspection of Nurseries invited.

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER•STREET, LIVERPOOL.

k THE VV ARRINGTON SLATE Co.,LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THB BUXTON LIMN FIRMS, LIMITED. SLAT& AND BUILDER-' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WEARY t ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marson Street. Warrington

HIGH-CLASS DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, &c. 3() TO 50JEWELLER'S CENT.L E SSTHAN PRICES. EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1.22 ____ LONDON-ROAD, 122 LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. MAGNIFICENT VARIETY OF LADIES'DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RINGS, GENT'S SINGLE-STONB DIAMOND RINGS, DIAMOND PENDANTS. BRACELETS, LADIES' AND GENT'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES BY ALL THE LEAD- ING- MAKERS. OLD GOLD AND SILVER ANTIQUES, DIAMONDS, &c., BOUGHT OR TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. TELEPHONE, 2061. MONEY ADVANCED ON JEWELLERY, DIAMONDS, WITCHES, PLATE, AC., TO ANY AMOUNT AT LOW RATES OF INTEREST; STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, I IGARETTE 5, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years. UMBRELLIIS BRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADHS RECOVERED IN saw AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6p. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

rOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in !lag and Moss. sd; Hooks to Gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, is to Is 641 per dozen; Gut Casts,three yards,2ld, 4d, 6d, and 9d each ; aut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yams 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for id; porcupines, id eacn; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHIFISTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Sho, pe)

S.P.Q.R. S.P Q.R. S.P Q R. SMALL PRICE I QUICK REMEDY For Sick Headache, Bidousness, Indigestion. AIRD'S JUILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRIOR is. lid, BOOTS Red aced Price 9icl. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 35. BRIDGH-STREET, 5, BRIDGE- STREET. AND MARKRT-GATR. STOCKPORT :-26. BRIDGR,TRRIIT BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILW&Y-STRIIEi. Ecceas —55, CHURCH-STRR ST HELENS :-6, OR ,ISKIRK-STREET. CHESTER :-28, RASTGATM ROW and 30. BASTGATR- STREET.

DR. D. ROO'S COMPOUND %SAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheum ttism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder, Dischatges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed obe nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, wi h the words, •• WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order ot Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. lid and 2s, 9d.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors. Ho'lord HousP. Holford-armare, London, WS?.

WARKINUTON EXHIBItiON 199. THIS 'SPACE :IS RESERVED FOE VISITORS ARE REQUESTED TO PUROHA.SE THEIR PROVISIONS FROM POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S, PROVISION MERCHANTS, 22, BUTTERMARK ET STREET. 22, BUTTERMARKET-STREET.

STAND No. 9. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY COMPLETE ARE ARE NOW A CHOICE CHANGE EZCH SELECTION OF WEEK. OCCASIONAL CHAIRS, ETC.

TURNISH THROUGHOUT AT LOWEST PRICES. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. MOST ARTISTIC FURL\ ISHING- ESTABLISHMENT IN ENGLA.ND, STYLE, QUALITY, AND ECON(-MY.

TAM O'SiIANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepMs and Show Rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVELIPOOL• ELEPHONE No. 7090. OLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANWAY. 37, BUTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTs FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS'. HAN.DLEY AND BgcK. IRO,m(INGSRs,

ASK YOUR GKOCER OR FLOUR DEALER _FOR "D CL" YEAST THERE ARE CHEAP INFERIOR YEASTS AND MANY FOREIGN MAKES, BUT D.C.L. IS OF HOME MANUFACTURE AND THE IF YOU CANNOT GET IT DROP A POST CARD TO DORAN AND CO., 22, PRINCESS-STREET, WIGAN. • GROCERS. BAKERS, AND CONFECTIONERS Wilo CANNOT GEr "0 CL." YEAST FROM THEIR RESPECTIVE DEALERS, KINDLY WRITE US AND THE SAME SfIAUL HAVE OUR MEDIATE ATTENTION.

DO YOU REQUIRE FASHIONABLE TAILORING FOR SP RI N G AND SUMMER. MEN'S TWEED SUITS, NEW COLOURINGS FRONI MEN'S BLACK VICUNA AND WoRSEED COATS AND VEST FROII 15s, 6D. MEN'S STYLISH TROUSERS FROM is. 6D. The Choicest Selections ia _High Class WOOLLENS and WORSTED Suitings. FROM THIS BliSl MAKSItS IN THIS KINGDOM. YOUTHS SUITS. All up to Date. S ylish. At Popular Prices, BOY'S SUITS A Marvellous Assortment of Styles in the Essex. Howe, Leslie, Lincoln, Viscount, Sirdar, Baron, Howard, Sultan, Stirling, West End, Grant, Oval, Golf, Norfolk, &c. From 3s. 11d. to 108. 61. The Largest Stock ot Juvenile Specialites in Town. OItDER DEPARTMENT. SUITS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from TROUSIARS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOT RING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMA.itKET-STREET, WA RRINUTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; Iftrgest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FL' TIE SHILLINGS All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pun chaser. Finger size-cards post free.--BUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Ss.ukey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON FOE GOOD, Boo Ts.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S, thorogghlv reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVIM ERG LIS H PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSRE, LIR IVY SOLID SIVIAR HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR PIP .1!Y SHILLINGS." Thit wat obis timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIRS COMPETWON I A Bona- tide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZRS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, Saukey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

rp d I • I,,,,LARKE. " EXAMINER" OFFICE, 335 MARKET Sr., EARLESTOWN SIATIONEE, NEWSAGENT. &c., &c. LA.DTES SATO:IELS, PURSES, and a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR ME WIISLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

THE GREAT REMEDY for All forms of HEART DISEASE, PALPITATION. WEAKNESS, &C. Write for pamphlet. Price is. lfd, 2s. 9d. and 4r. 6d. post free, HENRY SINCLAIR, 17, SHAFTESBURY AVENUE, LONDON, W.

IMPOILTAcZT ANNOUNCEMENT. 'Bus. D us. E•us. ON AND AFTER THE 13TH DAY OF MAY 'BUSES will RUN from the CENTRAL STATION. WARRINGTON (in CONNECTION with the EXPRESS TRAIN) to FEARNHEAD. the place of the future. The PUBLIC are requested to patronize the 'Bus.

STAND No. 26. lt ROBERTS & SON, 19, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL EXHIBIT OF FIRST-CLASS BOOTS & SHOES. THE LATEST AND NEWEST FASHIONS FOR TH B SUMMER EASON.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH I THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LIMITED 153, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. SETS PROM 215.; SINGLE TOOTH PROM 2s. 6d. GAS EXTRACTION 28.6 d. TEETH FITTED WITHOUT EXTRACTING OLD TEETH OR STUMPS ON THE NEW PAINLESS SYSTEM. HIGH CLASS DENTISTRY AT HALF THE USUAL CHARGES! 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ETERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. 4LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ' WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from -1 13. ~.JUNN INGHAM WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Battles. Telephone No. 179, bTOHES, OWEN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, 81c.. fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, W 1 NW ICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. GROOMS, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER (LATE WITH MESSRS. W. WOODS AND SON), 19, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. BEST WORKMANSHIP LOWEST PRICES. PUNCTUALITY. WINDING BY CONTRACT.

litortrp. £150,000. At from 3i per cent • to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J W. READER. 5, Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1833. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38. RENSHIW-STRER r, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. An.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O 20s. „ 9 9 £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2i to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. "f-01IN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE 0 PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. afLONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. . MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply. VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally I receive precisely the same attention Loans in sums of p, £7, £l , £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards. FI—ELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 60 years. LOANS £5 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Asairaan Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/- per wk. £lO „ 6/- „ £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 „ 7/6 ~ £3O „ 16/- .. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. INo fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8. Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTII, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 181. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUIS AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BB MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWER'S OWN PRO SIESSORY NOTE. Tha undersigned has been established for nearly 30 sears, and has always conducted BUSINESS under HIS OWN IrAfilg. He has always endeavoured to ao,, in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDkEDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATIA and THANKS from those who hare dealt with him. NO PRELIMIN XRY FEES CUARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUSES. terms for advances, or any informa- tion desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on ap- plication eltber personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES!! NO CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money to respectable applicants (male or female) on their own note of hAld. No other security asked for. SECRECY. PROMPTITUDE. EASY REPAYMENTS. MODERATE INTEREST. Easiness Hours ten to five; evenings seven to nine; Saturdays ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23. MOUNT PLaASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JOS. DAVIS. Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

DR AUG I-ITS. "EXAMINER," MA.Y STH, 1899 All communications including solutions to problems and proolems for Competition, must b.-. addressed to the "Draughts Editor." " iCsaminer " °Mee, War- rington, and must r.-ach the office not later than the . first post on FIIIDAY morning. The Draughts itlitor will be pleased to receive problems from losal players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all engairies]. ANSWERS TO CORRESP )NDENTS. E. DONAGHY, Palgate.—Will give it our attention at once. "E.J.P.," "GP," and H. POWELL, Warrington—We cannot allow a dual solution for the play you send, as the "stroke" is exactly the same as the uuclior's We do not award points for a dual key-move, but for a solution which is entirely diff-aent from the author's. SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No. 31. BY THE DRAUGHTS EDITOR. Black men on 5, 19, and 26; king on 32, white men on 13, and 28 ; kings on 15 and 20. Black to move and win. 23-31 24-19 31 —l5 24-19 10— 1 15 -24 27-24 23-24 5 9 Elect wins. 32-27 20-47 15-10 13-13 --- PROBLEM No. 32. BY MR. J. J. FODEN, WARRINGTON. [BLACK)

r,„/,,- LA ,4ar "A r :If4 dd 7,467/ r

ryfaiTz..2 White to move and win. ---- SOLVERS' LIST.. Previous Problem Total score. No 30. fits J Green, Warrington 4B 2 50 "E J P," Warrington .....45 2 47 "C P," Warrington .. 43 2 45 F Wright, Warrington 4O 2 42 S. Tavlin, Warrington 32 2 34 A Hall, Warrington 32 32 J Lee, Warrington .... 26 26 W Hewitt, Warrington.... ..... 22 2 24 T P Forbes, Warrington 16 2 18 E Donaghy, Padgate 14 2 16 H Powell, Warrington l4 2 16 T Barnes,Sankey Bridges ...14 14 D Plinston, Warrington .........12 12 J W Plinston,Warrington 12 12 E Ogden, Warrington .... lO 2 12 "J R," Padgate 10 10 S Albinson, Si,ockton Heath__ 6 2 8 G Lowe, Warrington . 6 6 0 Rowe, Warrington - 6 W E Bean.Warrington T Bickers, Warrington . 4 2 6 W Massey, Warrington J J Foden, Sankey Bridges 2 2 4 W Darlington, Peziketh. R Mercer, Padgate S Ross, Penketh J R Grieve, Warrington J Evans, Warrington 2 2 The winner of our No. 7 Competithn will be announced next week. ----- ELEMENTARY POSITIONS. THE SECOND POSITION. [BLACK)

/mi.', I' ion x UA e, ffA ' , r • ./J ./•• r 4. ././..1"1 r' //,

_ LWillTt :I. Black to move and win. 1- 5 23 -27 6-10 28-32 16-23 8-11 15-19 19-23 19-15 12- 8 5- 9 27-32 10-15 32-28 23-18 11-15 19-24 23-27 15-10 8- 4 9-14 32-28 15-19 28-24 18-14 15 -11 24-27 27-32 10- 8 4 - 8 14-18 28-32 19-44 24-19 6- 1 11-16 27-31 32-28 14-10 8-11 13-15 32-28 24-27 19-24 14- 9 16-20 31,-17 28-24 10-15 13- 6 15-11 28-32 27-32 24-28 1-10 20-24 27-23 24-28 15-19 11-16 3- 7 3?-28 32-27 23-32 10-15 24-19 23-18 28-33 19-24 16-20 7-10 28 - - 24 27-24 32-28 15-19 19 23 18-14 32-28 11-16 Black. 10-15 24-19 24-19 28-19 Wins, This position is an interesting illustration nf the importance of the move. It will be observed that Black has the move. gives it to his opponent by an exchange, regains it in a like mlnner. and so wins. Next week we shall give the 3rd position. imily,a,msionv,„-spm The small diagram veil :AIIIIMMV. 4 mila enable our readers to ,0* ~ w Arimmisre - understand the notation by fa b ~,,MsOlair ./ which the moves of the K, vy,, ro game are recorded. Black yo, ~* t c,upies the squares num- / , ed : ' , pit 4 bered Ito 12 and white ii, r ~,.. 7/7 A ,iv we those numbered 21 to 32. ° °•e e figures thus (11-15) ~,„01. Ala :: cAll Th indicate that a move is Egmai 04,7 ape made from and to the , zir + squares so cumbered. Black 0111- N 123" -4, on has the opening move and the pairs of livres apply alternately to Black and White to the o!ose. ....-----...---. THRIFTY HOUSEWIVES gratefully recognise how much can be saved by using Diamond Dyes and their superiority over all others. One sixpenny pack- age saves the cost of a new gown, for it makes an old one like new. Diamond Dyes are made in more than forty, colours, for dyeing wool; Cot- 0.3._... ton, silk or *feathers. They are easy easy to use. and 'neither sun nor soapsuds will make the colours fade. Sold everywhere, 3d. and 6d. packets. ,„ 4-inty book, " Sneomful Home Dyeing," and :5 ..criupios of dyed clot I, sent frees Address, . ::•lr.201•ID DYES, 31 & A Snow Hill, London, E.C.

,„., 4.4 ti. ~,,,, * A-, ,34.-,A ti. ~,, - :-I1 ...) 4,.,, k i4' li'v- 11 / iii ii / ~ ; ~, t /, , „, ---,1-.>

rrii R MARVELLOCS POLYPEION 31US i CALI JL BOXEL,PLAY BY Tifi ~,,14 i. 4 i ii vii ordinary musical boxes, but much en- parlor tone. 11UNDBISDS OF TUNES can be played 'You ~t traNr4 can choose your 9_‘y..n._tunes._ GEISHA Ai 'I) Ur IU-DATH UNES. , ~. Prices from 12s. 6d. to .£25. ~ ...,___•-,v101,-,i4,,... A RCHFR & SONS, ,- • ...7,41:1-'0; ' 43 To 47 LORD-S REET, LIVRR P 00L.

id :—=. f..,',., ,f,141,01:- =:7" 'l4. •!., - & -"'-'''t4'e.u..,),' . yc ktrAi.-4' f k -'•,,,, ;, 1 r7.,.ip'''''7.-'‘). •i‘7,i',Wre, wv Urg. .1•10, ,i, -..,, •• IP „ e...;,,,• •yt 7.--.'7,',_. try; p ~ •P -,,,,,,,A. ? - pzvi-.1 0;:•. „.f.5 eg...-Te>,. ..fr'..,44, 7:i ..., i „t, ----.„ tr-s--... ,W, T, • ... x ;:',,, • /...4-• ;:ar, v,„l„...tt J ee.t.. %N., x "A,...„,,VT, , •,:•4;,!,.!? ,7•••;:, -, ,i,,,,,•4 pi 4,. ~m, ,• :. g.f ' •••,sy, . . • , .k. ' ,;•I,' r ' ' 4 " '44rit - • . /, 4 ',' , ONE TRIAL . . .. Will convince ~!: •.:. •-'% ' you that there _. . / • is nothing SO , prompt and tho- rough, yet so /1): .- , pleasant to the taste and gentle hi action, as the ita ,- A genuine CALIFORNIA 17; SYRUP OF FIGS /I for HABITUAL ; CONSTIPATION IA and kindred ills. V Strengthening and permanently " beneficial. Acts as nature should ‘7,. / without any ma- , comfortable after effects. Every package of the genuine bears the NAME and TRADE MARK of the Sole Manufacturers, CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO. Of Chemists everywhere. Price us. r%d. and Is. 9d., or post free on receipt of rrice. from the Depot- -32 SNOW HILL. LONDON E.G.

J. 0 GARLANn ei. 0. Lif 7 61, 63, & 65, BRIDGE ST., Warrington. AGENT FOR - 5 , • ovegio, 10, 4,,- ~,:: M ',.. tsf,, .4 ~i q 4 .44 '-. 4i , di 4 .• i rt r KL_C _31",, LOC.UE ON A \ 4 1.,. • :Nab 4.1.1: J. S. GAFkilAli D 5 .F::::7 '''-'111:,. Asi " I'4'4' ' ki,'i'''' • ~.\- - ..1 ' Si4::d' '5: S 0, A •'-' it - ' ---E—tri—z-VetrAr..!- ,',- •, ' ':.• '', , fs,i, , itil •._________,---___,-.-ito:RA . .4'.; :' '; MU ' i --- ~ "- .tiGUE.4bN-A"OPLI ATI . .:itiged, 'yivg, - iwy;s:. . ext. J. J. S GARLAND, FOR

• • ...ft- , ',/:,;•41,1CH P;'i-,CLASS - c'l4l 13 " t: -; 'TENNIS • .41,1"," , fr• '4? COMPLETE SP- OGUF

4 CCD«

iE au APPLICATION

1. S. GARLAND, FOR

, ir, .:,or • 7 . ..,...4.1,..2,_---- cA • „,,, ~,e,vT-_,- -Lctl7l pII li i 11[7,.. ;-;,;;;64 g Gscr,

r , J. S. GARLAND, AGENT FOR .. ..:,,,::( ~,,k, c =Gm . 'Y:). ;',:‘... —, .. ~.. rr'. • l'' , t -_ ''.X:F.: „..,,,,44, , !CATALOGUE ON APRLICATIOig „, 1 v.., ~ • \\ kl/4.1 (IN trr CV 4,,; ' •k 5.0k1./ A* N \. & . iN. . • 4a ........,.. 4, , 51, 63, & 551 $ BRIDGE STREET, , WARRINGTON, , From whom may be obtained the most complete Sports Catalogue issued.

,:ti -"Esagraio"-- 9 .„,, 67 ed a •; .„, J Va. , 1.>144 e ;000 0•71 r„ . 171' w eJ , ..4„.. ,„,... ~ v,... CURES when all other Remedies fail. ..R.1=.1•TIMONIOIRMOlal. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN:RELIEVING ALL PAIN ANO,THROBBINQ AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions, It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 3. ili. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAMA SO4, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

rilwANIZt •11101..adam asdliguAllks.Adilm The " QUADRANT" Patent l ES with cr'os:ro tr. ller ,: BICYCLE rir. 1.99 Model is acknowledged to be the great mastelmece of modern cycle construction. WRiTE FOR PRICE LIST, Makers—The QUADRANT CYCLEI Co.. Ltd.. BIRMINGHAM.

SY Pi! I N GTO N'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE. 100

PIANOS. PIANOS. PUNOS. Direct from the Works of the eminent firm of E. BISItOP AND SONS, LIMITED. Sent on approval to intending cash purchasers to any addras iu the United Kingdom, on receipt of satisfactory reference. We are the pioneers of high-class pianos. AT LESS THAN HALF THE USUAL PRICE. —7,111717,77,77,17,-, bl Lir Piano for 215 10 usually sold l,e 31 Cash S. retail 76 GUINEAS UPRIGHT IRON GRAND FOR L 43 13 Cash. 20 YEARS WARRANTY given with EACH INSTRUMENT. Such value never before offered to the Public, Testimonial from all parts. Over 47,000 of our Pianos now in use. Write for List and Drawings. E. BISHOP , AND SONS, LIMITED ESTABLISHED 1862. Head Office and Works,: • BEL,,IONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON N. W West End Show Rooms-19, Baker-street, London, W. Branch Show ktooms-357, Gray's lon-road, King's-Cro

F 1:4 it Or' rs e 4:1 rit aStad is the rood we eat and do not digest. When we cannot use the nourishment in the rood taken, the stomach rebels and refuses to digest it. The rood may be "moved on," stin undigested, by a purgative; but that is not a cure. The stomach is left dry and sluggish, and the patient worse.

Not only inaigeStiOn but all disorders arising front impoverished blood and front shattered nerves are cured by Dr. Williams' rink sills. Ancemia, Rheumatism, Scrofula, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance. Genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and sold by all chemists, or by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 Holborn Viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

gastric Ulcer supervenes on neglected indigesw tion, especially when purgatives have been habitually taken. Its sympto»zs are vomiting, some- times of blood; great pain, especially after eating, and in- ability to retain food on the stomach. Its effect is often 'ulti- mately fatal. This disease has been repeatedly cured by Dr. Williams' rink gills.

GASTRIC ULCER FOR ELEVEN YEARS. medicine before I tried Dr.Williams' Pink Pills, but none of them had any effect. SOUTHPORT LADY RETURNS THA.NKS• -- A. CASE OF ACU CE DYSPEPSIA.. IMies. Many ROBERTSIMV, of 52, Poulton-road, Southport, . who has lived in the town all her life, and is very well known throughout the whole district, informed a reporter of the " Sauthport Viaiter " *but her wonder- ful cure. Mrs. Rolyirtahaw said : " Up to March, 1898,1 suffered from an acute form of dyspepsia, and though I tried a large number of so-called remedies, I was no better ; in fact, if anv-, . ...1,, t•—••• - -.- thing, grew worse. -At • ..• the beginning of March I read of the wonderful cures ..... by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ~ -- for Pale People, and deter- ~--',' ~il//tif' ;:• mined to try a box. After l', '9';.f,,, taking the contents ot one .. b a % ! , I felt quite myself 3 : • again, but thinking I might . it; ;.) il 't ~e 4 be taken had again sent .4.** out and purchased a second r.;o•.,:r_ .. ,• •,' --•, ..... ::-.F.,0 • ~- • • 4 I box, but am very pleased -.r/ 7., ~, ' •.. ,cf". 4 to say I have had no need -... 4, .', , , to take any more, as the ~, A ,:tk,' ~ ; ' ~j.4.4„,c'''' • first box completely cured '••• ' ' •Pet i Itltc- '-7t-tr''• I l'ei • 1 i ' ',.... ' me. I have in no way been .- ,•,; , 7i.' , I lif-, --. troubled with my old corn- ~,/ 0 ' (i, 1 s : plaint, and although it is .•1 6 twelve months since, lam '.1...... , ii, ' k -:.4.-4,..c.l still enjoying the best of .:-.6'n: , / ri i health, which I attribute t ,k 4 t r solely to the wonderful ..: properties of Dr. Williams' Pink title." Mrs. Robertshaw concluded with the remark that she was so thankful for the relief she obtained from that one box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills that she thought it only right to let the proprietors know.

WANTBD GROOM. age about 17 (to live in), who can maxe himself useful at auything required.—Apply W V. HEA.TLEY. Uppington. Wellington. Salop.

%I[ ALE and BASAL—. LI URSEB 111TITUTION. 70, Hope- i/1. street. Ltverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—• • Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTED GOOD COOKS AND GENERALS. YOUNG GIRLS, As BURSEIS OR LIGHT-GHNRRALS AT LIBERTY Now. MARROW'S REGISTRY, FOR IMPEOTABLR SERVANTS, 134, MARKET STREET, EARLKSTOWN.

11001ILTRY grit, shell or flint, 5s cwt. 35., half cwt. oar- rine paid.— POULTRY GRIT CO.. Grimsby. TOURS INDIAN GAMS EGGS, prize strain, 3s. per sitting.- GEORGE PRoRMII, The Hundred, near Leo- minster, Herefordshire.

NIV HITE LEGHORNS. Prolifio layers. Sittings prize pen 4s; second pen 3s dozen Unfertile replaced.—Moonz, TIPPING, Alderley Edge. Cheshire.

110IIDAN'S BOGS, 3s 6d sitting, from Champion pen, unequalled layers. unfertilereplaced.—BoßenT WHITE - HEAD, Beswicks, Delph, Oldham.

B LBGHORNS—EGGS for Sitting, from wonder- -11 fa! layers ; pure-bred prize strain ; pece 38 6d for 13.— Mrs. GRoom. Buckatree, Wellinkton, Shropshire.

PBN, silver Wyandottes, fur Pullets, and Cockerell Crombleholfaes direct 263; approval if carriage paid.— WILLIAM BARBER, Cornbolme, Toomorden.

UGGS for S tting from grand pen Black Orpington., 1..% prize bred. 55.; Brown Leehorns, 4s. sitting; unfer- tiles replaced; inspection invited.—BßLALEY,- 9, Crosby- road. Birkdale Southport.

VGGS for sitting, from Pure Bred Black Minorcas and 1.24 White Leghorns good laving strain. 2s 6d a sitting; $s packed. 3. HUGHES. Bruche Heath, Padgate, near Warring- ton. No business done on Sunday. UGGS FOR SITTING from the following $ Pure Bred J_ll Black Minorca. White Leghorn, Andaluslans, Golden Wyandotte,lndian Game, at 3s per sitting, unf.rtiles replaced if returned carriage paid.—H. WEARDEN, City Mawdesley, near Ormskirk. TIGGS FOR SITTING,—ffrs. RILEY. Norton Lodge, Tim _II.J perley. near the station, can now sell a few sittings from her high-class Minorcas. Orpingtons, White Wyan- dottes, Silver-laced Wyandotte!, Buff Cochins, Indian Game, Black Hamburghs ; 4s. sitting. EGGS (PRIZE STRAINS) Rocks, Orpingtons, Silver Wyandottes. Minoreas, Mondani, buff and white Leg- horns, 39. par doz. Buff and Partidge Cochins. buff Orping- tons. light Brahmas, and Indian Game 3s. 6d.; Mammoth Turkey's, 8d each, Incubators £1 109. Hearers from is. 6d. Grit Smashers 3s. each. J. G. POWNA.LL, Barrow Hall-lane, Sankey, Warrington. EGGS from grand SPECIMENS of the following varieties. White Leghorns, large eggs, Langshans Black Orping- tons, lovely tinted eggs, Indian Game and Black Hamburg. all bred for laying purposes, 4s 6d per sitting ; unfertiles re- placed ; carriag. paid ; only one pen of each kept ; chickens 10s 6d per ,ozen with hen; inapection Aittscow, Broornhall-road, Pendleburv, near Manchester.

LIGGS FOR SITTING from the following breeds: Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Red Caps, Blue Andalusians. Houdens, Buff Cochins, Barred Plymouth Rocks, Black Orpingtons, White Brahmas, Black Langshans. Silver Wynanottes, Indian Game; and the following Crooses (male bird fir,t) : Houden—lndian Game, Brown Leghorn—Re + Cap, Brown Leghorn—Buff Cochin, Brown Leghorn—Golden Wyandotte, White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Buff Orpington—first cross hens. All eggs one price, viz, 3s per sitting packed, put on rail ;2s6d to those who fetch them All unfertile eggs replaced. At HENRY DRAPER', Math Fr-lane. Lowton (near Newton-le-Willows). No business done on Sunday. Five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station.

Otiurauon. --.. DOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLAHDUDNO.— _LI Good education. Fees from 6gs. Principal, Miss MOXON, Frou. Church Walks.

WEST KIRBY.—GIRTON HOUSE. Miss HOCKLY and MISS BUTLER : most successful school for Girls ; house beautifully situated on Parade. M ISS FLORENCE TOFT. (Pupil of Professor Weidenbach of the Leipzig Conservatorium). receives and visits pupils for PIANOVOR LB LESSONS. Recom- mended by H. STENDNER-WELSING. Beg— F. H. CROSSLEY and others.—Address, 36, MUSEUM-ST., Warrington. MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VICT., (Organist end Choir .naster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVE PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc„ at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepare 1 for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 68, LEGH-STREET, Warrington. HAMILTON HOC SE, WARRINGTON. HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS: The MISSES WILLIAMS (certificated Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, London, Trinity College London. etc.) The Misses Williams have recently purchased the school which was formerly conducted by the Misses isradbury and afterwards by the Misses Kitlp,. A high class education on princioles similar to those of the Public High Schools will be provided. LOCAL REFEREE REV. 3. YONG& The SCHOOL WILL RE-OPEN TUESDAY, MAY STIL Prospectus on application to the Principals.

ottt,Oprool lioarinnq COtabO. COLWYN BAY.—" If•me from Home Boarding Bstab- Bailment, near sea and wo.)ds. Terms very moderate. —Mrs. BRACKSTONE, Plas-y-Coed.

T LANDIIDNO.—Boarding Establishment near Poet Office _ILI and Pier. Home Comforts, Moderate terms.—Miss Wumiesas. The Lindens. Church Walks.

LONDOIN WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LIIDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. RUSTON SQUABS HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SIINNYSIDI4 HYDRO, Physician: Dr. 0 BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; line Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. .1. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

Oaks( TM Rim fort.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLI . MR. WILLIAM ELLIS WILL SELL BY AUCTION on THURSDAY and FRIDAY, MAY llth and 12th at the MART. 37, CORPORATION-STRBST.- MANOHRSTBR, at 11 o'clock each day, upwards of 1,000: pairs NOTTINGHAM LAOS CURTAINS, and other LAW! GOODS. Catalogues on application.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. IA ARRINGTON. Telephone No. F 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &a., warehoused.

Co be Let. MlNKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground Boor, rent 210. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. PENKETH, Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE. rent 5s per week. ttpply ROBERT LoWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET. - 61,PRIERTLEY-STREET,WAREiNoTox,good corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LoWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

qv LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE rents 48. Apply 1. WOODS & SON, solicitors. liorsemarket-et., Warring- ton.

IO 'XT.—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £2O Apply WOODS & SOL Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. TO LET, SHOP. with LiklIGH ROOM over, in Orfori-st., rent £l3.—Apply WOODS lc Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warringten. PREMISES suit-able for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS A SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

(10LBORNE. SLIOP TO LET. best position; suitable For kfi any light trade ; rent El6.—Appiy 49, iiigh-street. Golborne. 4 T 0 BB LET a CORNER SI-10P in Longford-street, corner of Earl-street Warrington. Bath-room, etc.—Apply w. FURNESS. Haydock-strest, Warrington. A CORNER SHOP to let. suitable for Butcher. Draper, or Greengrocer; corner of Longford-street and Earl- street. Bathroom Ac.—Apply FURNESS, LTD., Warrington.

G-. H. & H. m. JACKSON. PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, C.HIJRCII-STREET, WARRINGTON, HATS A PBW SPBCIAL LOTS JUST:IFORFRITED.

A LARGB STOCK OF Men's. Payments taken Si_ Youths' and Boys' CLOTH- ING.

Men's Snits from Youths' Sults from Boys' Suits from 25. 64. Boys' Suits from is. 3d. Men's Coats from Men's Trousers from is. 11d. Men's Vests from Youth's Coats from Youth's Trousers from Youth's Vests from 94. Cord and Mole Trousers from 69, CHURCH-STREET. A FINE STOCK of Wool 21. Bllnkets, Quilts. Sheets. Payments taken Shawls must be solo very cheap.

A LARGE STOOK of Kitchen ..ta. Hearth Rugs from 3s lid; Kitchen Chairs from 28 11d; Kitchen Fenders from 6s 6I; Kitchen Fire Payments taken Irons from 28 lid • Kitchen Tables from 6s lid: Sofas from 22s 6d at 59, CHURCH-STREET. -- pARLOUR SUITE, comprising Payments taken Lady's and Gent's Easy Chairs, four Small Chairs and Couch in Red E 6 10 S. Plush. Well made and very cheap.

A LANGE STOOK of OVSR- II MANTLES 17s 6d, 22s 6d. • Payments taken .!4s 6d, 37s 6d to £3. CARPSTS from 22s 6d.

lIANDSOME PAIN of BED- ROOM TABLES in Solid Ash, Payments taken large Bevelled Plate Glass Back, Marble Slab and four large Drawers. 1e Really cheap at JA.OKSON'S. 0 I.os. 6. A LARGE STOCK of very fine 1-1. PICTURES; real 011 Painting, Payments takon 3s 11d. Sold elsewhere at 5s 11d, VINE STOCK of BRONZE FIGURES. Clocks, Vases,' Payments taken Lustres uncle' Shades very cheip at CHURCH-STREET.

rIOFFES (Pure). 141 b Canister 10s.6d.Write for Goods list. CEYLON Co., 4, Guildhall Chambers. 1011 ARROT.—Amazon. talk. V., worth £s.—GuivBTox. Neal- street, Shaftesbury Avenue.

I)AI'S MANGE OINTMENT never f,ils,post free is. 6d., _Ltd and 2s. 6d. —LowE, Chemist, 8, Stafford-street, W. RUPTTJRB —lnformation by cured sufferer ' • pleasant; Inexpensive; id. stamp.—MEoltaxio, 43, Lord-street, Wolverhampton.

NBITING.— Large cmantity cast-off Herring Netting, excellent for covering seed beds, ctc., 7s cwt.—KNIGHT, Arcade, Lowestoft.

FOR SALE (ebean), 4 Outside Lamps, 4 Brass Chandeliers in good condition.—Apply MAYPOLE DAIRY CO., LTD„ Market-gate. Warrington.

“fIIiOWN ” FOODS. Hound Meal 133 6d, Poultry Meal 13s, kJ half cwt ; 6d extra carriage paid ; trial solicited.— JAMES, Mill House, Downe, Kent. HOW TO WIN on the turf. Advice and Method ls.—O. CENTAUR. 19, School-road, Sale, Manchester. Specula- tors should send at once.

66 ir 011 NO "the successful Corn Cure, genuine remedy ; IX guarantee with every box ; post free 7d.—KEEN & Co., 41, Holland-street, Brixton, London.

IT Silverplates Bicycles. handla bars, spokes, rims is. 6d and 2s. 6d., bottle with brush, post tree.—T OSBORNE, 63A., Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

SPLENDID SUITINGS in Serges, Vicunas. Tweeds from 10s, also Dress Goods and Costumes; any length out, patterns free —J Trionirronv, Honlev, Huddersfield.

f'IA.BBAGN PLANTS (ten acres) garden and field varieties; ki price and sample 2 stamps; 100 garden and 10 red. cabbage, post free Is.—JOHN Moons, Ctiarlecote, Warwick.

rro obtain Lady's or Gent's Silver Keyless WATCH for 6d. Write for coupon giving pkrticulars, enclosing 6 stamps to CO-OPERATIVE COUPON JIIPPLY Co., 42, Gray's Inn-road, London, W.O.

ADIES BARN 15s. to 30s. weekly at home by new Auto Ii matic Compound KNITTER. Pair of Socks in 35 minutes. Ca-h, hire and work terms.—COßlE DEPA.RTMENT. 67, bouthwark-street, London.

BOIPBS. —Save money by sending for Fray's book of -lA, Golden Recipes ; invaluable in every household; con- taining over 400 useful recipes. Post free 7d., cloth Is. lid. —FRAY, 47, Durham-street, Hull. THE WORKING MAN'S FRIEND. Patent tubular TEA L KErTLE, bolls a quart of water in two minutes, unso licited testimonials, repeated orders ; sent online paid Is 4d.—C. LILLICRAP. Robert-street, Swansea. VOR SALE, fine Collard and Collard Grand PIANO in bandsomP rosewood case. In thoroughly good order. Original cost 160 guineas, offered at £4O —For information apply F. HOLLOWAY, 2. Meddon-street, Bideford.

TIC AND NRURALGIA CURED instantly, by TIFECO PILLS. Fifty 'ears success; hundreds of testimonials. Sample box sent free to immediate applicants enclosing stamp for postage.—Thrgoo Co.. Sleaford, Lincs.

Ci_END STAMP for our Illustrated Price List of RUBBER 0 SURGICAL APPLIANCES. beat and cheapest in the trade; goods not approved of will be exchanged.—M. FAR- LEIGH (Box 61), 160, Hackney-road. London, N.B.

i'IEIAILif HARROWS Sit. by 6ft. 130 lbs 14s. per set, us V free of 21 siz-11, all carriage paid ; vices, anvils, wall ties, Iron fencing; prices on applicAtion; buy direct from cheapest makers in the world.--J. Rom( AND Co., Old Rill, Staffs. UCOLESIASTICAL.—Cheapest aud highest class house 12.1 for metalwork. Gates, Railings, Altar Mailings, Lampe, Fittings. Special desims sent free.—CAVERSHLM. Any METAL WORKS, 41, Caversham-road, Kentish Town, London, BEAU MONDE SALVE.—The most Wonderful remedy for Chapped an 4 rough or red hands, making them soft and white ; try it, you will be mere than delighted, post free 1.11:—BEAII MONDE CO., 111, High-street, Haroorne.

46110 W TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London. N.

riCRUSSISS direct from the maker; invisible and everlast- ing India rubber, enamelled. angle 78 6d, double 128 6d, Good serviceable single Trusc from 2s 6d. Send old Truss or measurement.—T. S. BECKETT, Truss Maker, 67, Victoria Dock-road. B.

910 BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24 420 square yards or Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

I\T'BW INOANDRSCENT GAS LIGHT, WITHOUT 1.1 MANTLMS. Billing's Non-Mantle Burner. Sc 6d com- plete, postage 61. Last for years Pure white, constant brilliant light no trouble, no renewals. Great saving in gas. Fixed easily to any fit lags. Illustrated Catalogue post:free. Agents winted Show Rooms, 180, Wardour-street, London W. BiLurfsa's Burner Syndicate (Limited.)

"Do HAT) THIS 1 Cheapest Dresses in the world. Six yards It double width; black brilliant Sicillian Alpaca, or six yards double width, black or navy, all wool, Costume Serge; or six yards any colour all wool bright Satin Cloth,for 109.6 d.; post free. We send as a Free Gift Buttons, Skirt and Bodice Linings with each dress. Highest references. Money returned if unapproved. This offer is less than maker's cost, —BEADvoRD DRESS flomPalir, Congleton.

SMOT PEAS —The Sweet e 64 is to-day one of our most popular garden /lowers. Their pretty colours and de- llghtfl perfume make them universally esteemed. Nothing gives so much cut bloom at so small a cost and so little trouble. Collection of 10 selected named varieties.containing 5 seeds of each in separate packets. Price for the collection is 9d post free.—LILlUA AUR ATM& the golden rayed Lily of Japan, very large whi e flowers, covered with choco- late coloured spots and a deep band of yellow down the centre of each division, perfectly hardy. grow anywhere. One root will produce numbers of the most lovely flowers. Three strong Bulbs sent carriage paid for 25.-01/11LES H. Mess. Central Seed Stores, Maldon. Essex,

CIECIL Cycle Coupons. enabling anyone to obtain a £l6 kJ BICYCLII for sa. Full particulars free.--J.S.R. ROE Haleswortb, Suffolk.

A LOVELY SET of Baby's LONGCLOTHRS, bPautifully 11 embroiderel ; unusPd :50 articles 25s ; approval.—Mrs. MAX, The Chase, Nottingham.

T ADIHi Silver warranted WATCH 355, with free Incur- IA Policy £530 ; de!ivered first payment ss, balance weekly. - FRED KNIGHT and Co, LTD, 13. Ahion-st, Leeds.

LILASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay U./ three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—SMlTH & SONS, 37, Brock- road, Liy.rp•ol.

BLOOD, Bone and vleat MANUltli, guaranteed 13 per cext col. Phos, 6 per ce,.t. insol. Ph as 1i per cent ammonia. 2s per cwt; free rails Dumfries; cash with order.—KENYON Moss Park, Dunfries.

lINCANDESCENT GAS MANTLES, great improvements, will not fall to pieces when sha ten, last longer, brilliant and steady 11,411 t, is doz ; sample 3 stamps.—Jorms, 29, Mornington-road London, N.W.

rlllll3 Anglo-American Surgical Rubber Company will for- I_ ward on receipt of two stamps a PRICE LIST of RUBBER APPLIANCES.— Sumcaos.i. RUBBER Co., 117, Newport-street, Bolton.

SUPE RP LUO US HAlR.—Perfecteci Electrolysis (by Mr. Parkes' inventions) supersedes all other syst,ms in rapidity painlessness, and permanent destruction without markings. By appoin ment only.

I'iIDERGROUND SPRINGS of water discovered and trAced at home and abroad ; scores of suceess, s where all ordinary merins had previously failed. Unatisfactory existing supplies tested and advised on. Do not sink or bore, at random. Highest testirnonia,s from LEICEST^It GATexcis, expert Water Discoverer and Waterworks Contractor, Bath.

pT.F.NTS 322,375 and 326,801, Trade Mark 220,013. Some- thing unique, no:epaper, safety packet and wrapper combined ; also original music, illustnted post cards, views, letter cards, many coloured oceult chart,evolution pamphlet, gummed labels and scrap views The ab 'ye 64. stamps, post free from—N. M. B. 5, 63, PARK Ruin, Blackpool, Lancs. PROTECC YOUR GARDRNS from ravages by birds; Tanned NUTTING 35 square yards for is ; will Not rot if It ft out in all weat her ; sent any width, carriage paid on all orders over 58; as supplied to the Royal U rdens Commoner Netting at 60 square yards, ls.—From H. J. GessoN, Netting Works, Rye. Sussex.

"Hub faun, etc. T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), /Jaime. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade. and are in a pcsition to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of iingineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. pA TB T OFF lON MANOHRSTRR, B3TABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIEE & SON have hat 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practiaalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Solf-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, Fe./.P.A., M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

THE FIRST AND FOREMOST FURNISHERS. I)IITS'S, LOND')N-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station through Railway Arch.) ESTABLISHED FIFTY-FOUR YEARS. PITTS'S ARE PLEASED TO STATE that despite the prevalence of influenza and inclement weather throughout the month, t'ITES'i TURNOVER has exceeded by £stTi that of any previous March. This great increase is due to the recommend dions of PITTS'S' innumerable cus- tomers. who, delighted with their purchaset, have spread PITTS'S fame as general furnishers far and wide, with the above-mentioned result, which is extremely gratifying. PITTS'S IMMENSE CLIENTELE is not drawn from any particular class of the community. It em- braces all members of the social scale, from aristocrat to artisan, peer to peasant. For instance,PlTT-i'S have recently had the honour of supplyin...., furniture for a WELL-KNOWN DUKE, as well as to a Shin Canal Docker, in each case giving UTMOST SATISFACTION, so meriting further or.ters. PITTS'S HAVE BOOKED ORDERS' for all amounts. £448, £345, £3lO, £289, £lBO, down to a few coppers. THESE ARE FACTS which PIM'S books prove tip to the hilt, and not the outpourings of a too perfervid imagination, as many furnishing advertisements unfortu- nately are. pITTS'S ARE IN A POSITION to give exception- • ally low quotations for furnishing throughout the largest or smallest size of House, Office, Club Hotel, Institu- tion, &c.. AND GUARANTEE THE WORK being promptly executed in a thoroughly workmanlike manner, and the articles tasteful and of undoubted durability. DITTS'S CAN EQUIP OUT OF STOCK a Drawing- • room, say, with the most recherche goods at a cost, say, £2OO ; or furnish throughout your house for a tenth part of the money. The mtgnitude and variety of PITTS'S colossal stock is simply INFINITE. Every conceivable design, style, and make in all the most fashionable woods and materials to select from at about HALF City prices. DITTS'S DO NOT ASK YOU TO BELIEVE 1 this advertisement and then think no more about it. PITTS'S would rather you doubted it, and in a criticising spirit paid a visit of inspection, thus givl g PITTS'S an opportunity of demonstrating the ABSOLUTE VERA.CITY of,,neir statements. Whether buying or not you are wel- come, and, if it does nothing else, it will at le.st open your eyes to the latest productions in the Furnishing World. PITTS'S RENOWNEO HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15k, 22i, 28k, 38k, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, excite woncl,-r and admiration in all who see them. THEY STAND UNRIVALLED. They at, a source of pride and delight to PITT I'3 countless customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astounded at the quan- tity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing a. Happy English Home cornfor ably, artistically and economi- cally furnished, should send to PITTS'S for full particulars. Cash prices only quoted. Deterred payments by arrange- ment. PITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE is a VERITABLE GODSEND to all setting up housekeeping. especially those of limited means, as it shows at a glance, how to save from 25 per cent to 50 per cent. Seat post free. PITTs'S CYCLES.—Splendid Selections of NEW MACHINES by best makers; guaranteed twelve months at consideralitly uridtr city prices ; also SECOND H AND Cycles in good condition at about half cost; Dunlop, Clincher. &c, tyres. DITTS'S CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS.— Al' British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. Astounding value. Grandest display ever seen. DITTS'S PIANOS, MAIL CARTS, BASSINET rEs,- La M DS, China, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent Selections of unrivalled Bargains. PITTS ' S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. Every di- scription of Bookcases, Secret tires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices. QAMUEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON -ROAD (just past Station), Manchester, Ardwick, Longsight, and Bell Vue Cars pass the Door.

GO TO PEMBERTON'S FOR WOOLS, PEMBERTON'S FOR STOCKINGS, PEMBERTON'S FOR GLOVES, PEMBERTON'S FOR CARDIGANS. ONLY MAKER IN TBE TOWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN. 35, WIN WICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON, AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICH.

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WAPRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, M RKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager; Mr. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30, At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGH-STREET, (Off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exactly opposite the Market.

BLACKPOOL—For Apartments at moderate terms write to Mrs. CONWAY. 21, Keawiek-road, (near Central Railway).

A BERYSTWYTH.—FUItNISHI4D HOUSR to LT for la. two or three months.—PAuLL, 21, Queen's Terrace, Aberystwyth.

pp HYL.—Comfortabls APARTMENTS. quiet street, centre 1.1., town. bath (h. and c.), terms moderate.—address 26, PRINCES-STREET.

ST. NNES-ON-SBA.— APARTMBNTS To Let.—Mrs. SELLERS, Garden House, St. Annes-road Bast. Bath and Piano.

QT. ANNBS-ON-SBA. APART tK NTS. —Mits. Elnwros, 6, Nehon-street, Bath and iv. c. Terms Moderate. Public or Private.

EILACKPOOL, Mrs. OWEN. Bewsey House, 85, Lord-street, 13 North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea, (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington).

1_) LA CR POOL. - Mrs WORTH I NGTO N, 1077—Lytham- .1) road, Public and Private Apartments, with or without Board, near sea, Piano.

13ARMOUTH.—Furnished house; three reception, five bedrooms ; terms moderate ; sea view ; seven minutes church. Miss HOLLAND, Hoiyrood.

KIND HOME offered LADY during confinement good nurse, home cow forts; terms low; private.—NUßElE, 324, Nottingham-road, Ilkeston, Derby.hire. SOUTII SHORE,BLACKPOOL.—An exceptionally well fur nished HOUSE with every cumfort and convenience near station and sea; long term preferred.— M. T., 22, OSBORNE-ROAD.

qlO BE LET, Furnished, for two or three months, from 1 June Ist, a Good Family RESIDIMCE, containing lour sitting rooms. seven bedrooms, with all modern con- veniences ; opposite Menai Straits • five minutes from rail way station and church.—Apply to Mrs. LLOYD GRIFFITH "The Cliffe,s Carnarvon, N Wales, House stands in own, grounds.

FISH and Chip Business for Sale; doing nice trade.— Apply Jos. MircKELL, 52, Carr-street. off Piccadilly road, Burnley.

TTMBkELLA BUSINESS TO BIC SOLD, doing a GOOD trade ; satisfectory reasons for leaving.-193, BURY NEW-ROAD, Manchester, TIARDWARIC, Lamps and Oils and Sundries : established 18 years ; growing neighbourhood —370, ECCLES NEW- road, Weaste, Manchester.

MILK Round, Cows, Pigs, Farm Implements, together or separate; 25 years standing.—Apply HILL ToP k ARM, Mickley, Manchester.

HARTLEI"S. DEPOSITORY AND SALEROOMS, 202 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Established for the WAREHOUSING and DISPOSAL of all Kinds of FUEINI And every other description of Property. Tel. No. 2002. Hours 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Our Stock is composed almost entirely of GENUINE SECONDHAND ARTICLES, which we era either selling on commiFsion for private clients, have made advances on, or purchased outright for spot cash; and being also auctioneers, we have unrivalled opportunities for picking up EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS in all classes of furniture, of which ur customers get the fullest advantage. OUR TERMS ARE CASH on or before delivery. It is seli-evident that firms giving long credit are bound to have a much greater percentage of profit, in order to cover the cost of collecting and extra book- keeping, losses through bad debts, esc. ; in fact, those customers who do pay have to make up for those who do not. `therefore only by working our business on a cash basis are we enabled to give our customers the greatest possible value for their money. Goods not required immediately can be stored free of charge for any length of time up to six months on payment ot a reasonabto deposit. The following are a few items, selected at random from the immense assemblage, which we have pleasure in submitting to the public, heing confident that those requiridg furniture or household effects of any kind will find it to their advan- tage to pay us a visit. GREAT BARGAINS IN PIANOS, It being the end of the seasoa, we are n offering all pianos in stock at specially low prices to clear. Seven or eight New Pianos at less than half ordinary prices ; high- class Second-hand Instrument at about one-third cost. See list. 6 GUINEA UPRIGIUP GRAND, by Werner, in very e./ choice burr walnut arse. £2B -202, Landon-road. VGUINEA UPRIGHT GRAND, by Strauss, in hand- some rosewood case. £2.7. -Hartley's, London- road. 5n GUINEA in PIANO, with under damper, V check action, n rich burr wanut case, inlaid panel front. In perfect condition, having been supplied by Dreaper's less than three years ago. Price £23.-ilartley's. I.;XCELLENT COTTAGES PIANO, by sichupisser Cost .1:1 30 guineas in Liverpool last December ; price £l2 10s. AMURICAN ROLL-TOP DlisK. in solid oak, 4ft wide, highly finished, and having all usual fittings, 25 7s 6d. N.. 3989. -Hartley's, 202, Landon-road. D RDI:CSTAL SIDEBOARD, 61t 6in wide. in Spanish mahog my of remarkably deep rich colour and beautiful figuring, fitted with drawers and cupboards, containing sliding trays, and having lofty plate-giass bask with carved cornice and pillars. Is in splendid preservation. Must have originally cost close upon £4O; price now £l3 10s. No. 4703 7FT. MAHrGANY SIDEBOARD, massive in construction and of noble appearance, having a lofty canopy back, with large shield-shaped mirror in centre and smaller square panels at each side ; a really grand sideboard, fit to adorn any room. Would cost at least £si: new; our price £25 ; a rare bargain. No. 2792.-Hartley's. itFT. SIDEBOARD (bow front), in solid walnut, really well made and of effective design ; £l4 155. No. 2517.- Hat ley's. 2 2, London-road. FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD, of modern style and good t) finish. 318 17s 6d. No. .015, Another one, special de- sign (made to order). £9 105 coat £lB 10s. No. 3019. D ROWS OAK SIDEBOARD. sft wlsle, with mirror- ") panelled back ; £6. No. 4774.-Hartley's. WELL-MADE WALNUT SIDEBOARD, 4ft Gin wide, fitted with drawers and cupboards, and hiving large bevelled-mirrow back, with carved canopy cornice. £6 155.; cost £l2 10s. No. 4226, Hartley's, 202 London-road. ELEGANT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most fashionable style, comprising settee and two easy chairs and set of Chippendale single chairs, the upholstered portions covered in fine silk tapestry (flowers on old gold ground). Price 17 guineas ; cost 30 gns.-Hartley's 202. London-road. IRAWING-ROOM SUITE with earved mahogany frames, 1../ upholstered in best quality tapestry ; high-low settee, two easv, two occasional, and two sinsle chairs Price £l2; cost £2l. No, 1172.-Hartley's, 202 London-road, VVALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, seven pieces, padded backs,upholsteted in embossed crimson velvet. Would cost at least £lO lOs retail; our price £6. No. 3949, L'XCIIPTIONALLY-FINE DIVAN SUITE, comprising Ii settee, pair of lounge chairs, and set ot six small chairs, with finely-finished mahogany fames of choice design; upholstered in best moquette saddlebags. Price 6 guineas ; cost £35. No. 3988.-Hartley's, 202 London road. kJU PRRIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, nine pieces, stuff- over backs, with solid walnut frames, upholstered in real skins. Price £ll fis. No, 3973.-Hartley's. ASSIVIS WALNUT SUITE, seven pieces, padded backs, 131 upholstered in saddlebags and plush, of first-rate quality. £8 55 ; cost £l4 10s. No. 2539.-Another excellent and serviceable Saddlebag Suite, £6 2s 63. No. 3951.-Hart- ley's, 202, London-road. DINING-ROOM SUITE, of substantial construction, with walnut frames (padded backs), uphostered in dark green embossed velvet. Price £9 155 ; well worth £l5. No 2219.-Hartley's, 202, London-road, SIiCHNTAIRE BOOKCASE, in solid walnut, with carved panels, fully fitted and of substantial construct on. Only £lO ; cost over £2O. No, 3102,-Hartley's BOOKCASE, sft. wide, in solid walnut; the upper half divided into three compartments enclosed by plate- glass doors, and the lower half fitted three drawers and three eupboards, with carved panelled doors, Only £6 155. No. 4700. -Hartley's 202. London-road. BOOKCASEL 3ft. 6in. wide, burr walnut, with roisnded corners, and lined inside with mahogany. Price 5 guineas. No. 4700.-Hartley's, 202, London-road A FT. BROWN OAK BEDROOM SUITE of solid and stab- ask stantial make all complete, £ll 15s ; No 3918 41t. Bedroom Suite in solid walnut ' • au erior finish ; £ll 108 ; No 3877.-Hartley's, 202, London-road. LIATIN WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE, solid throughoat LI and thoroughly well made, the dressing table fitted with side-wing mirrors. Price 210 155.-Hartley's WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE, cornp,ising full-sized double-door wardrobe, with bevelled robing door ; dressing chest, surmounted by large square glass ; marrle top 'washstand, having shelf back lined with art tiles ; pedestal towel rail, and three chairs, This is an extremt•ly high-class suite, having been made and supplied by Goodall's of Leeds. Price £24. No 3606.-Hartley's VIAGNIFICENT BEDROOM SUITE of extremely hand- -131 some and imposing appearance, in Italian walnut, re- lieved with panels of richly mottled burr walnut and beauti- In carved; the suite consists of Oft breakfront trio wardrobe with two bevelled robing mirrors, pedestal dressing table, washstand to match, surmounted by lofty back, fitted with double row of tiles and three large bevelled rnirr. rs ; pedestal towel rail and three chairs. Bought from a Manchester firm hardly six months ago for £55. Price now £33 10s.-Hart- ley's, 202, London-road. TO SELLERS.-We are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) ;or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (if required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently executed. Estimates free. Correspondence nvited. HARTLEY'S, 2021 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

T. DAINTITII, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MARES OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON DONT FORGET THAT HILL AND CO's., LUNG BALSAM Is THE BEST THING YOU CAN TAKE BOTTLES, 70. AND is. HILL AND CO., CHEMISTS, BUTTERDIARKET-STRgET, WARRINGTON.

r it , i Y RES, 11, YES. I YRES. PoLLARD's PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d. each. Pnenmatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

CYCLISTS! NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR MACHINES ENAMELLED, PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT TAKE THEM AT ONCE TO _F RANK HOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER, WARGRAVE ROAD, EARLESTOWN. 7CI ..frAOLUS " CYCLES. BEFORE PURCHASING YOUR 1899 MOUNT, INSPECT OUR SPECIAL ROAD RAC ER .El 2 103. 01, DUNLOP TYRES. MANUFACTURERS: WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 65, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7056. Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearing as applied to Cycles throughout the world. BAYLISS THOMAS, AND CO., LIMITED, 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND MACHINES from £2 upwards. A few Shop soiled ROAD RACERS to clear, at £3 10g. net cash.

WHY BUY UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR £lO 10s. AND SAVE THE COST OF AN ACCIDENT POLICY. liITCHINGS, mmirED, SOLE AGENTS. 74, BOLD-S'IREEP, LIVERPOOL. R. MAO LENNAN, Manager. BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM ,t 5 10s. TO cf:10 103., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESsORIES correspondingly low. Veedtrs 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc.. etc. Mail Orders particularly attenaed to. Send tor Catalogue. 4 , ARENA k jYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-,TREET, LIVERPOOL.

k/YCLU'i AGENTS. Our illustratrd Trade Catalogue gives you full de- tails of bteel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittings Claps, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. Note—" Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come to the Fountain Head, WELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83, DUKE-STREET. 7,C09 City Depot, 17, NIANCHESTEI',-STREET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL

cit,h and 58 weekly, Gent's £6, Lady's £6 lOs total, best detachable tyres ; send references with deposit. Outer covers (patented) 12s6d, inner tubes 3s 61.; —AcmE Co, Oor oration-street, Wolverhampton.

IT IS WORTH SOMETHING- TO KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO GET. YOU TAKE NO RISK WHEN YOU PURCHASE AN ENFIELD, _HUMBER, SUNBEAM, OR ELSWICK. PRICES FROM £lO. HITCHINGS 74, BCLD-STREILT. LIVRRPOOL. R. MAO LHNNAN, MANAqER.

SLADE'S CYCLE DEPOT FOll CHEAP AND GOOD CYCLES. AGENT FOR PREMIERS, GLORIAS AND TRENT CYCLES. HIIMBERS : LADY'S OR GENT'S 210 10s. Od. The bLADE CYCLE. Lady's or Gent's £8 10s. Od. Inspection invited. Price List Free. Returned Railway fare to purchasers. Also Carriage paid. 2, COLQUITT-SIREET, 1 Doon FRom AOLD-SIIREET, LIVERPOOL.

'THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLCASANT, LIVERPOOL. OUR SPECIAL LINE. CYCLES MADE ENTIRELY BY B.S.A. Co., £lO 108. Cycles Complete with Dunlop or Palmer Tyres from £9, including Lamp, Bell, Bag, Tools, &c. A SPECIAL CHEAP line at £7 15s. complete. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS FOR AUSTIN CYCLE COMPANY, MANAGER, D. DAGLEISH.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build ft Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooke Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and _shape of handle-bar, AS required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finish.d in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOT IC PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, &c„ complete, TEN POUNDS. 7 12 s 6D . Our No. 2 CYCLE, Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Gradual Payments Accepted. SQTUART, WiLL I AMS' AND CO., 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTAB. 1892. Plating, EL,amelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention. - -- DO YOU WANT TO BUY. HIRE, EXCHANGE, OR GET REPAIRED A CYCLE OR MOTOR CAR? IF SO COME TO THE SHIM CYCLE AND MOTOR CO., 101, SMITH.DOWN-ROAD, THE FINEST COLLECTION OF CYCLES IN LI V ItRPOOL. SEE OUR £8 10s—COMPLETR— Guaranteed for 12 Months. The Grandest Value in, the World.

THE SENSATION OF '99• FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPIP AR " BEE" £B 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., lA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and Press Opinions Post Free.

COOPER AND Co a CELEBRATED SAUSAUES, SAUSAGES, SAUSAGES, SAUSAGES, UNRQUALLED FOR DELICIOEN FLAVOUR AND EXCELLENCE OF QUALITY. Guaranteed to be made only from the finest materia and prepared in the most cleanly and cAreful manner. FRESH SUPPLIES DAILY. OXFORD 7D. per lb CAM 710. „ WINDSOR TOMATO Bll 91 SLICING .- 9D. 0 LOCAL BRANCH, 49 BUTTER II ARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

scoTr6 piLLS Contain the fin,st drugs that can be procured' DR SCOTT'S pas Cure '9 1 Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT- p 1 1, LS Ind cation nd Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S DILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System: DR- Sc°l7's piLLs The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR. SCOTT'S pi". LS Ca be taken at any time witheut danger from wet or:cold. DR. SCOTT'S 'NUS Are prepared only by W. I AIIBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE. London, W. Do not be p-rsuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine inst td. but insist on ha lug the right thing, which is wrapped in a ware green i,aekage

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 1 31A.N04 By all Leading Mikers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. PIANOS Prices and Terms to snit all pockets. ORGANS Inosntrru:tr itpittsoidfiel_i:terrned).FuliTlinttoaftmnye•nptart putrios lao Bondsmen cr Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from 1 s 6d, per month. OItGANS from 5s per month. pIANOS Illustrated Calalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) Rica NIOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. BRANCH: 355, PARLIAMENTARY-ROAD. GLASGOW.

tlbr "o,;:anuner " :iperits OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Ali -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. rrHE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published L every Friday r‘fternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- -1 day morning, and TI3.E Widnes xaminer, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. iCd. ... 3s. Od. 38 is. O. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. ld. 6s. O. 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

66 .6,. . •,„ , ..A 41 ha 1441 071 (rtZ .. ...... M..' .k. i (11,..-.z, M ~:ge l'''. leo lel Li I ~. , . i " 4,,L,,,,..)e1-- . ...210'....," •:_,..., J - "She went through the. usual difficulties of teething without . the slightest trouble 99

' POSTAL I.\ FORXIA.TION YO6T OFFICE, WA.II.IIINGTON. --- LIST OF W EEK- DA. Y DES PATCHES. Libowing tne time to whicn a Letw: can b 4 po.t ed with Ordluary Postage. and with an Extra frialtpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-lc-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan. 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Giappenhall. Heatley Heath, Croft, Pa d gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton, and Wools ton • 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford. 9-0 a.m.—Mannheater, Bolton, Oldham, Vlacclesfield, Stock- I port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and LE. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western • Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and Se. Helena 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Presect, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-llast Laaca.shire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Eastern. midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandulno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpaol, Souchpact, Utinskim B Lth. Bristo Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yor.cshire, te 8 East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wzg Bolton • 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m,— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northw: h Nantwich and Sa.nobach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. lielaby.idae : Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newt°. Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 13-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterlxmouzh, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and me U.S.America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West, Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orekirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra Haltpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign J.,etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on; Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m;delivery ia suspended. EA.RLESTOWN A ND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., New ton POSTMASTER r James Jordan Hours of j Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte rice. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Tele.Taph Office is open on Week-day, from 7-33 a.m. to Bi. ii ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched. at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a-m.. 12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a fetter can beposted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Extra ;d. Stamp

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn. Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham-, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S ih Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, stockpOrt ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N:ght Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts--General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL ROEPS ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS

RAVE YOU A BA* LEG :VVPhi wounds that discharge or otherwise. perha „ surrounded with inflammationand swollen, that when Press your linger on the inflamed part It leaves the im- ,'"; ession ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you Ipever can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. it::haPs your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; ed same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dia- .., _o,3red, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to lanae will deprive you of the power to walk. You may boyS7Pttended various hospitals and had medical advice, ani :1.11 told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- ! tation ; but do not. for I esti CURE YOU. I don't say yerhap, tea . but I WILL. Because others have failed is no for 2i f2r not now being cured. Bend at once a Postal Order ud. to C. W. .ALBERT, 73, FIRRINGDON-STREXT and you will receive a box of u-RASSHOPPER 01NTM.ENT AND PILTs; etial,, Is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- Knee Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pois)iel Hands, .411210n5. (Registered Copytight.)

4EO Ca) rev Cent. OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPIt LIVER OR VARIER'S "SAFE" CURE -........vv,r.easpeoeagnmesmsszeota Regulates the T_A NT 11.7. atelieves and Removes the Inflammation from the • I-K.- I 1:0 IN- F.l 710" by expelling the poisonous •'Kidney (Uric) ACID. • WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Rehutation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by alt Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

CLARKE'S B 41' PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithe sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from 'Mercury . Estattlzhed upwards of 3.) sears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chmtsts and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or cent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lin'coln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE BAIR.—If your blir is • turning grey or white or falling off use ihe MExicsN HIM RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the Irlir charmingly eautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d er bottle.— .eldvt• FLORILINE I—Po 14 THE TEETH AND BREAM—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden , the gums, prevs.r ts tartsr, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?..s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's ** STARCH GLOSS ' is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—M s, wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch. Glazes and Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It should be u ed in every house. Sold st id., 3d. n d 64., by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro aut e It. T. CarTonLEy. Blackburn. Pr .prietor.—Advt• For the past quarter of a century there has been a continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTUKII, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Disease, Pimples, and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial 1 to test its value. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and cubstitutes.—Adet. (6)

ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, an Chester .. . . ... Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man-1 cheater, Bolton, &Chester ...... London and Foreign, South, S - 13astern, Min, nd, Northern 6-4b ~ 6-5 a.m. eastern Counth f , 86 Lancashire .. . Croft, Padgate, We Aston, Stockton }4 Heath, and Stretton B-30 London 8; Foreign, South, and 5 - Eastern Counties 9-15 ~

ct,T2 it ~.„,d‘ 0re„1,..1,721:er,?.:\ ,1c,',::.7,,,1, ~, r,or . Ladle? 0 and 0.) ii.'''''.1:.?•4,4';),'..17.‘-',!..t::7;S':l7*qi.;`,',/,,-,---. r"l:ticer7-Nastaafll Fa:SEII.A. ------'-'-':::-;,,,,,;,.. ~:iipiy..,;-;,?:-,, ,--- mos." up-143-date. ti.lal-r_).::, ;i:.',,,gor,..r.,iiir -.?,‘,`,.;;44.'i_',1,W Coma ~,,,......,„,.....210 0 18'8 Monthly Zuno no. :5, £/.0 1 . 17,,.; Mentl-,ly. co is) 17/6 do. [Write for Now Cca7nTia List of Orono Cycles 1:12 0 20,, . do. aud Aece•;surk,S. scr.t PC.,:t rroo.L 012 12 21,4 do. itetrizoi titz,tn Ma,cll.4ntets' sco,tda £l4, 14 WI do. VI ''.434,1.11,...11;1,11'n"tn.1.: an 515 15 Type Write.rn, il9 DE. 1519 Monthly.

1 )) Artairr ( 0 .2-1 T 14, "y ; 0 gb#,,,-0,,,i7t nyrr E „. WOLVERHAMPTON. LOW CASH PRIE, from £9 10s. HIRE PURCHASE, 12 monthly at £1 IS. SEND FOR LIST AND FORMS • Or aptly to NEAREST AGENT

?1,- t— ti YCL ES! CYCLES x.. 1 For Ladies • and Gentle ' Niri.' (stl/41, men, " ROYAL AJAX " ere Tr .„. ..........._ ..... finest value Carriage paid. • ......._..} 0 ersttoehakn, Neleswe- ' IFIF4*--14.'"t;Tr l'l.' .....1---"" w3ol,Peerer.celnmt Immense —' and Secondhand. EASY ---.4 ' FROM 10s. MoNTHLY. 1a99 , OLD MACHINE ; EXCHANGED. sLLUSTRATED LISTS i..,,T FUER. Large Cycle• Riding brim Sct, yol. --... BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING} CO.. 45, EVKLTON-lIOAD, LIvERPOOL. Qtr Branch: 30, ELLIOC-STREIGT, LIVERPOOL.. Telephone 113 Anneld.

BRIGHTER THAN ENAMEL! I MA f -I/ , 3 ',71 , . .. - , ~ :iv iv. , ~, ELIE/NE .t... , .0 ~ . ,; • 'e 4: lir ~1 : . . „ Will make any eyesore of the lumber-room the pride of the house. Dries quickly and will not Crack, Chip, Smear, Blister, or Peel off. 48 BEAUTIFUL TINTS IN STOCK. CAN BE APPLIED BY A CHILD. 1/3 tins for 1011-d. and 6d. tins 41c1. Special for Baths, will resist hot water, 1/6 tins 1/11-, 3/- tins 2/3, at ....i, . 1111V'i.illiP: rr '.•.. ,'.:, . ' " 40 - "47-4' 'l.' ''''''-' 4,4.0,- - ;,,..,,,,,, .„ ... ~,,..„,„. . Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON :-35, BRIDGE ST. • 5, BRIDGE ST., AND MARKET GATE. STOCKPORT :-26, BRIDGE ST. BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37; RAIL:WAY ST. ECCLES :-58, CHURCH ST. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK ST. CHESTER .-28, EASTGATE ROW AND 30, EASTGATE ST.

mow I'll iirlri s%k k iii,l '1 i 111!,'; \i 114tirrl 111 4.41114744, cf,", -.,"0„6 14 v 9- .fi .A , % fe 1 ~. bli .41,17, ! , ;It ,‘,•.‘;‘,' ' . 1_ t/ ha. t -,':'-'4ll , ~,- *. :',\Ni.: . • . * , ' . , 4i I. -,,, ah • '' . '''. 'L W' ' • ,4),V,0 • ,ilV,,ti' !'• ~ ~ . <lk-,;------,---'l6 '67 ITS _ ••I 1, I.' !.11,t,',41 i,V 1.., _______ ~,f,, r',, ', • -'. i/-, .',, 41)virt, W„. frADE • 144.‘. i';''/ft X''' . I.' ' '"\ •';(141 ' ~t.,2'.:;-•' -ilf-i...''''r.-1,4.....":1'•:4-,j'' ..., ': \ 'itti 1,. ~/.':;-----c_,,,,,-,.:1-,7•-‘,1 ~ , ir:,•;‘-i--.- ' • .:. -- \.,N...A1i," ~w .i5,...--7-2.7.1:7,-, -_-1 ---z-:..-Vii . '1 '-. :.• (.:,',;-..., , . -.,\`'')"., #qq.':(% , 0, I. , ,„•,.„ 4 ~. , ?,,,....j . , ' .41.0. ',: l • • -' . .-k,,, - • r • ...,, + , ".'', ~" .:•-:.V. :: •.. .1. l';',".-t. :1,,..,"• •' • '' • ',l. ' __,W7---‘ -.• -____7--...... -.- .1 _ . :'. ...),,;• ~..',.,'...%.".:-. !. ';•,:4 !. ;• ~ • " .. , ~ , , • ,1,•,,,',. -,-7-:- . -4‘ - • • . . . • • ..• ' -2:. -,' ,'-• 7 ...'i., . ':',',:.'"..::;:-...':'„',-,1,:.;', - , '''',..• j. j'A' ;:::::,:it-I,:<:'..c.:i::''':l4.*Allijii:: -` . ' '';'*.•: ,',-,,,:••,,,..', . '.':;'''.: ''' ''''. '''''' • .s*',;' '.:*.."''''S'"'''.-::!1•1 ILir . t. , , .... ~. •:‘,..,_.,,,, ,',.. •••••,,,,-..,. „:',,..,.,', ,•:,.! .r.. 1 ...askirti I ...,„tate:.,,,,..k.,-..„:.,..t::,....,,,,,,,,,..\:,,.ik,,,,,,;, ~„ . . :..,...:.. -z: ', .. ~.- •, ~ . ~..,:A v .... .., • ..:,;,-.,,t,,:'. IA . ' \t ' 1 :pit; ;,.,,,':':,, it b. -6.-",,,,4 B ~,t• ,01/40!\„,..„.........,. ;._,.....,‘,..• 4,....; • ••••.•• ...,,,,..._..._.••:„...--,..,-...--.-,..-::--::::-....4.1. e. :..,..k.;.v......,....,.k.,.!.,....7.....,. ........,-: .. • ;,,,. '' -, ~ .. , .... STANDARDS - TEN GUINEAS. SPECIALS - FIFTEEN GUINEAS. :,- . Head Officie:—COVENTRY. Price List Free on Application. 'Local Agents:—Warrington Syndicate, Liverpool .Warrington Liverpool Depat :--rox, Bold Street, I,iverpool ' '

LOCAL AGENTS: DUTTON AND HEAD. 34. MARKET•STRKET, EARLESTnWN. L. JACKSON AND CO.. 91, GEEENWAY-ROAD, RUNCOTIN. J. S. MELILAN AND 00., 51, DUKE-S4REET, ST. HELENS. )9 R. TEBBUTT, VICTORIA-ROAD. WIDNES.

Is tr-Y.so 5 ,•:- ._,, ,•-• ~, ,A, „, ;7.4 .. , ,-, (._ c. i fi, 4, '", . . ',..., 3,..t. ir.... , -,„ ,y, *....,1, ,y:.,, ~.ffil„ 9t atlet,, i 41- T 15, 4., ,j. .44, x v . -0,,' 1 ',. -Vt. 4'' 7416k1t,:t4 411: • 14'14 ' , 113, .i, .." ekk A 1 14. 1).,i411 lk "Z ' . .1.04, ta ti 9 *A" A iitfal . . . • FOR THE 1-SAIR. Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dandruff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Invaluable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 3/6, 7/-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. 12":4,NEM.440CriPatTeSKICI enorrsaussaarivarnamatcssms=ncm-ramor=rmservurimramemerm tti, 4, ,i, k. ,'':. ; 'l'. ,i ' :'• •IPT, p'l ,j 4 10? - r'N, ''- ' ' . •N a , „.„ NtiP, ,t, , - : ~. .1 • 4:'• '..r, sli )t , , It -,41, i 4" . , ,p1"-°,14. ~, : .v.',. ' • .‘• .'..- , ''S' ,4; .t ..,. .: , % ... 6,, ..., 1 0 iii ''.: 0,, . A' • ..,. if Ati ..,, 'A vq..*: 3 . ce:..; ' FOR. THE TEETH. The Best Tooth Powder. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND 3c DONS, Hatton Garden, London. .

FT fl."-N v,,i. :,,, ..'iOllllEO. J'• -'‘.ElO) , 1 t, 4af k., tains ad liervois DiLtr,C , SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZIEESS, PALPITATION, WEAK ZTONERCH, ac. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT S.AFETY BY THE INVALID, Ta... 21 YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 73, Now Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

-17E4,11 arSir ES 0,1 ; „.,- The most delicious and wholesome Jam made, and like all other successful pro- ductions, it has many inferior imitators. The public are therefore warned that if they want the genuine article they must insist upon being served with Deakin's.

" -"PIS.. t. Fon TOOTP.ACHE AND emos - NEURALCIA CtrRE. "113IS' In bottles, is. lid., of all Chemrsts or Poet Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S., 11.0.5. ??, London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

MEN WHO ARE WEAK

WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS. : LibCer"ar;i4C: Cash shPaDidisrovannd FOR FIVE YEARS t GITARANTED '7..iisit-f allowed. EXHIBITED t, Carrying ONE TO ~r ' *---:- L' • - ' : AT ~Liverpool, - Manchester, .1I AAD OTHER, Exhibitions - Gnat raluction in prices I Apply to The Longford Wire Co., Limited, Warringtory I SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS

These tiny Capsules relieve 1 •ikz.4 Kidney and Bladder trouble r :....,. , promptly. They are superipr to 0 4 "3' :1. Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, :pa'''' • '* ':, 1 and cure in diseasesfoyei?ifitfus, Itit. 1 5,....,„3.:.,..5, the same ~a, ~..,,,,,, , ~,. bbiuyeacnorttisivctegiiemnunismet.se, ..F__;ssa_pcioldisyt.C;raepess3ou,l,l6,4e, veli,, ' '',t ' frcm WILCOX a co., -7,t,„,,,..1,;•c.,,,,,, 83,Mortimer St.,London.W. .....-----,- _ WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. 1 -,. toys and Girls can get a NICKEL. , •., PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN an,l , ~.'..‘ CHARM for selling li dozen packages of .. ;-••••'-' V ip, BLUINE at Flrepence each. Send yo ir full address including name of Comm' 'l , by )ebirn mail, and we will forward the BluMe, ' post paid, and a large premium list No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department Cl) i 241. Gipsy Road. West Norwood, London, E.E.

pirMnSTM,Mirenr6-MnSMIS") )0 Nothing steadies the nerves 4 land clears the brain like a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In }. bottles from all Grocers. , 82 c. tiLASULSWISUUSIM.SUL

Men who are weak and tire ot takivg .Nauseous and MYS rEmous PREPARATIONS Go no GOOD PURPOSE ought to 'write to the Physician in con- fidence,and full particulars will be sfiq FREE as to how all ceFes of NERVOUS Exaeus- TION, LOSS uF VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can be SUC- CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Send z.tanwed Radressed envelip to THE COLLINS CO., Erskine-street. Livcrnool.

, ,p, ::.::::71T.rcb:Tid.si ec,,iireni:upcedsclrooltlyile,istrprrunaloiet:ecil.ar.; P.lll/LLI:' Elf(r'icl 1 • -A ' ta. r U 61.0 mounts embody every work- ./1. THE " ROYAL GRAVILI.R." -- Pra fTE.S7 :- 3ferfhly. Popular Gram/111es ClO 10 0 Imperial Granvillas 12 12 0 - Royal Granvilles 15 15 0 Semi for Art Cot,V6gue to— C RANIIII i LE-E CYCLE, Co., 132, CLAPHAM ROAD, LONDON, S.W.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

R'DEI AI A Z EPPA CYCLES. GENT'S SP CIAL ROAD RACERS, fitted with large Chain Wheels. half-inch Pitch Chain. Box Crown, D Tubes, Dustpro .f and Oil retaining Bearings, dam's-horn Handle Bars Racing Saddle, Clipper Reflex Tyres, £9. S?ECIALzi, complete with Gear Case, and Dress Guard, 29. GUARANTEED. WRITE FOR OUR ILL4IS i!Rikl'ED CATALOGUE, POST FREE. Easy Payments. Testimonials from all Parts, Show Rooms NIAZ EPPA CYCLE CO., 108, CAZNEAU-ST., SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

THE FAMOUS L. AND I. TAWNY FLAK E rOBACCO. TUE STI.:ErEST AND conosr sAux..l3. os BART IN loz. AND.2oz. FO LS 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BaSWICK, 58, lIORSEMARSET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST I\l- hi WS. FRIGHTFUL RAIL WAY ACCIDENT AT: WIDNES. 'A WOMAN DECAPITATED. Yesterday afternoon, about two o'clock, a woman named Mary Glinn, residing in Water-street, while crossing tee siding of the Sr. Helens canal bank was caught by a passing engine, and Cut to pitces. The dee- ceased was picking cinders, and was crossing the metals when the accident occurree. Toe driver blew hie whistle, but she evidently was unable to get out of the way goick enough, for she was knocked and dragged. several yards. The body was so fixed under the engine that the latter had to be !Mee by tnt ans of jacks before the woman's remains could b 3 rtenewd. A CYCLIST FALLS OVER A PRECIPICE. An Allahabad telegram states that the Rev. Dr. Kellogg, an American Presbyterian Mission celebrity, while cycling on the Himalayas tell over a precipice and. was instantaneously killed. SENTENCES ON THE GREENOCK FOOTBALL RIOTE RS. The trial of the persons charged in connection with the recent Greenock tootball riot terminated yesterday One man who load been previously c,eavict-d was sen- tenced to sixty days' imprisonment, two others to forty days, and tnree others Co thirtydays, one of the latter being grantee the option of a £5 fine. THE CHANCELLORSLIIP OF OXFORD UN I VE “SITY. In a convocation of Oxford University held yesterdays letters were read from tee Marquie ot Salisbury, the Chancellor of the University, nernivating tee Rev. T.. Fowler, D.D., President of Corpus Chreti College, ast Vice-Chancellor for the remainder of toe year in succes— sion to Sir William Anson, warden ot All Souls, who bee resigned. SELLING METHYLATED SPIRITS FOR WHISKY, Time. Parkinson, descrioed as a hawker, was yester- day fined by tha Bolton justices £5l and costs, or in de- fault six months' hard Labour, tor selling methylated' spirits for whisky. Perkinseu tor *- similar offence had been fined £5l and £24, and on three occasions £25 and. costs, and had serveu various long periods of imprison. meat. The bench now characterised him as incorrigie ble. THE SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS 1,1 GOVERNMENT REFUSES TO LEGISLATE' -.7411 elln the House of Commons, ye.terday, ill eoly to Mr.. Samuel Smith, Sir M. White Ridli y sal he could not undertake to propose any legislation for C. e 0 appression of Sunday labour in this c,efatry in cueuection with newspaper work. LATEST LOCAL EATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-west of Er.gland (include ing Manchester, Liverpool, and Helyheld) was issued at the Meteorological Office at turee O'clock yesterday afternoon : Easterly, and north-easterly winds, light. Fair generally. YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. The following are the scores at close of play in the first-class cricket matches played yesterday : LANCASHIRE v. WARWlCKSHlRE:—Warwickshire, 54 for. two wickets. SURREY v. DERBYSHlRE:—Derbyshire, 65 for two. WORCESTERSHIRE v. YORKSHIRE:—Worcester- shire, 178 tor seven.

ACCOUNT BOOKS RUL6D, PRINIIED and Baund in any Style. LEDGERS. DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASYI BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVER k' BOOKS, .RBuELY C BOOKS, Scc., ..dADE t.) ORDER. 4 4 EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTINU WORKS. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY, AND ECuNOMICALLY, ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WO= FROM AN ADDRESS CARD TO A mammora PLACARD. THE " EXAMINER " WORKS. BEWSEY-STREET.

F R 141,IRST-.CLASS I) R 'VAT& I) E.NTISTR Y . TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost of work required. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 11EET.a. An /51. D. also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid cf Nitrous Oxide. Maher to Dentists of 10,UCC gallons weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARE INSON (DENTIST BY Ewa.) MANCHESTER ....... 46, MOS LEY-STRZET, (Telephone 1660), LIVERPOOL BOLD-STREET (Telephone 21bb) T. HELENS ......... .......... P.A.) tt GE-STREET MO N DAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATUttDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTO W ._._._."_...7 iDtE-STEET. 31) 11.6.11 A , 2 p WARRINGTON ..................3A, SANKEY-STREET W ElTh Eb.OA , 2 tu 5. RUNCORN B tit OGE-STREET. Ta.U.toDA, , 2 Lu 5. NORTH W ICH APPL UK ET-STREET. FitIDAI, 11 to 12, ,t,b(l 1 to 5.

DLA.IHS. ---- LITCY-April 19th, at Hall-street, Warrington, William Lucy. aged 12 years. F..a.kx-April 218 t, at Winwick-road, Warrington, Mary Ana Foden, aged 27 years. Blac TuN -April 21st, at Antrobus-street, r arrington, Mabel -Hampton. aged 4 years. Sakunarr-April 24th, at Winwick-street, Warrington, ARCO shertatt, aged 66 years. HIND-April 46, at Dislton-bank, Warrington, Mary Ann Hind, aged 64 years. CROBNY-April 261.11, at kiekh-lane, Warrington, William' 'Nixon Uro..by, aged 4 year. MARMAGES. ----- TAVLIN-OTMEN-Aprii 22nd. at the Parish Church, War- rington. by the Bev. A. F. White, keter Xavlin to Mary Wien O'Brien. BARBER -FLEKIN4I--On April 27th at St. Marie's Church, Aoriolk-road, by the Very A.evereud Dean Dolan, .11.- Barker harbor, 14.1t.f) 5.1., L.6.A. Lou ion, eldest son of the 'me lkuward Barber, ohLilield, to Valeria- Beatrice, sccoad daughter at :ate John Henderson. Fleming, J.Y., of Wiumar:eigh L - -odge. ift arrington. NO cards.

FRIARS' GRBEN, Warrington (Opposite Arpley Statioa Also at MANCHRSTRIt ROAD, (late Essenhigl2's.) SA I 1 le e ru V V .A.RD AND Uo., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARELb; MASONS, &a., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Atonuments,Tomosi Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Head.to.ies iu Uraukto, .61art,11, an Stone. Designs and listimateb ree. LETTER-CUTTING. AND ULUANINQ 11XISrINCI LION UkIi.NTS A .".,..eeDIA.LTy.
