===== 0002601_18990217_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
C'OLt.IS BROWNE'S CI.OiODYN THE OTIVIINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORoDYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful aud valukOle remedy ever dis •novered.

CHLORODYNE is the hest remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CULORODYNH effect wally checks end orrosts tho4e too often fatal diseases--Diphtherm, Fever, Croup, Ague •

CHLO-RODYNfiI acts like a charm in Diarrhea •.-1 and is the only specific in Choiera and Dysentary. CLI LORODYN eff,Tturilly cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Paqpitation, and Spasms. CIILORQDYNE is the only pfilliatiye in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Totqhich,t, Meningitis, 4c.

From Dr. B. J. MOULTON AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensiv, use of Chloroiyne moor Practice lately and look up'm it. as ;.n excellent direct Seda- ive and Anti-spasmodic. It ,eerus to &lay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over other sedatives ; th.,,t it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

" Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at lam:1111a to the effoct that Cholura hail been raging fearfully, altd that the 0 LY remedy of any service was CHLO}IO- - Lancet, Ist i December. 1854.

CAUTION.-BEIVARK, OF PICY AND IMITA- TIONS.

isCAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor PAGE WOOD stated that a. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the iuve.i.or of OH LOi.tODYNS " and that the story of the tirlealan. RREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he r^it o 194 Y had been sworn to.---See Times,l3th July, 14. bold in bottles at ls. lid., 2s. 9d., and 43. od. None is te_nuine without the words "1)1. J. COLLIS Bat) Arp. 111,0“GDYNli "on the Government Stamp. overwhei,n. 4111 C Medic 4 I testimony ar.torn panies each bottle. B°Lit MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. D AVUNPORT, 33, Gt-eat Aubussell-street, Bloomsbury. London

===== 0002601_18990217_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
M. W. RIDLEY, Oao of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Stite.

PENALTIES.

Iny person acting in clnt.:avention of thn stove- iricned Order renders himself Fable to the Pe.ialties in— tioned in the said Actg. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of thr• Cheshire County Cow c 1. t February, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAMEtIS from LIVERPOOL. W lIITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WED NBSDAY. TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, HOS- "- TON, PHILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPA.N. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

JOHN AIVALKER AND CO., • "EXINIINEW O°FICE'

===== 0002601_18990217_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
1LL1.131 1, IN:

Miniature' BILLIARD

Manuf.teturer of BILLIARD BALLS, aLd dealer in all BILLIARD ACCHSSOLLIBIS.

BAGATBLLE BOARDS. Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chess, Draughts, Quoits, Puff and Darts, Skittles, &c.

Tables Recovered and Repaired.

Estimates given.

38 SHUDEBILL, MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

BOWLING GRBBN BOWLS, and all kinds of GAMES FOR PARLOUR, CLUBS, at ruaLics.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
15s. A. SET OF TEETH. 15s

TEN YEARS' WARRANTY.

THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY,

72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. W. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY, 3 till 7-30, At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEalt-sTnkET, (off Sankey-street). Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7. At MR. CRITCHLEY't, CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exaotly opposite the Market.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN.

Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH biItsDICINE or BLECIRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : •• I cannot find words to express how thanktul I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pound s.—G. F. M. " •• I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Stress

===== 0002601_18990217_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ultrattons.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Estiblished 1870.

UNION CREDIT SANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREEr, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds. Policies. Shares. Ito., at the following low rates :- 210 repayable bs, weekly—Entire interest 141. 9d. £5O „ 20s. /P £3 13a. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. IP £6 16s. Od. Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repaym.nt arranged it desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICLIAtiD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2k to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. -yowl B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVAtICRI FEIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. LORRY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. moNRY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry4 on your simple written prcruhse to pay back. Apply at VIC rotaA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDI3BB. WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN snd District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £1), 220, £3O, £BO and upwards.

FI EL DING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LO&NS R 3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS. and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordiasry Life Aes-reant.,i Policies. Reversions, Freehold slid Leasehotd Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I£ls repayable 7/6 per wk. ..e5 „ 2/6 ~ £23 ~ £lO ~ 5/- ~ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stanap will ref..eive prompt attention. No fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8, Saturday APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTII, District Agent tor FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON ---____

THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

WHICH COMPRISE THE Warrington and Arid-Cheshire Examiner putt- lish d Saturday morning. The district eovered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a la ge agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner and Ashton Golborne, and Hai/dock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coat field. THE st. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly Irews psi bashed Friday afternoon. Tho district cemprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Ring: dom. &c. THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. It is . the only Weekly Paper in the district, an oilers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widmis Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Whines contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Bach f the above papers consists of 8 pages, 58 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten- tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Bach Examane in dition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in, which circulates, contains the general nevrsof he week. Price of each Paper. ()NE PENN/.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
1 i, ..., t, 1., .e,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N

r

===== 0002601_18990217_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
• r• : • ! ' 4 4 ; • , • , ; • -"• . •

===== 0002601_18990217_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
2 '

LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAR NELLIE, One day this week I saw a beautiful costume which I will try to describe to you. In the dress worn by the lady both the veiling and lining are white. Rows of white baby ribbon encircle the skirt at intervals, and entirely cover the bodice, which has a full vest of white chiffon. Another very nice one was ono where a fine insertion of lace runs upwards in points, towards the waist, in the front of the skirt, while the deep green muslin sailor collar is also frilled with green chiffon and cream lace. To complete the style of the cellar, a scarf of black velvet is knotted in front, the open- ing being filled up with creamy lace and chiffon. A turquoise blue serge is extren.ely effective with its roll collar of embroidered white satin, edged with chinchilla, that opens over a vest of cream chiffon and yellow lace. The coat is terminated with basques that fall over a plain skirt.

A new fashioned visiting gown is one of pale grey satin cut in a new way so that it fits very closely round the hips, and stands cut in flutes round the feet. The tailed coat is of black silk velvet lined with pale grey satin, and the reverm are embroidered with jet. Five choice crystal buttons appear on either side at the waist, and a cravat of real lace of a deep creamy tone is tied round the throat. The toque which completes this elegant costume has a brim of black velvet, with a crystal butterfly ornament in front, and the crown is of silvery-grey -satin, trimmed with some choice ostrich plumes of the same delicate shade,

The polonaise and the tunic overskirt have brought back the fashion of fringes, and most of 'these trimmings show a combination of chenille or beads with the inevitable silk strands. Smart little dinner-coats, to be worn with jewelled and lace skirts, are extremely chic, but they fit quite tightly at the back and sides, and only the front is full.

For a very pretty coat I should advise you to 'have one trimmed with black astrachan, which when worn over black skirts, and a certain amount of braid or braiding enhances the smart effect. The all-round deep basque has not achieved much popularity. A belt can be worn, or the front left loose, and in either way the coat is extremely chic. Half-inch tubular braid is used on this cost, which fastens slightly to the left side, and the stiff storm ooliar is lined with astrachan. The seams require great care in pressinv, as much of the success of a tailor garment depends upon well- pressed seams, level edges, and a flat surface.

Many dressmakers have scallops, tabs, or van. milykes cut at the side of tee front width, and lap theAo over the first gore, fastening each tab or scallop with a fancy button, and the skirt pattern can he obtained in this fashioned if desired. •Tnere is generally a strip of elastic fixed to each cearn to ke.ep the skirt even, and this must be regulated tr, a nieety when on. Three and a-half yards of 48 to 50 inch cloth will make this skirt, or a little less tee a short figure. The edge should be finished with a folded braid laid to project very slightly beyond the cloth, and a silk frill is indis- pensable. The front, you will find, is very narrow at the top, and niquires to be fitted to the figure, as, indeed, du all Lite seams at the top, for no skirt cell I,soiv set well unless fitted as carefully as a bodice, and the seams ehould be tacked up and fitted before being stitched. Cloth can be used either up or ,lown, and this is intended for the skirt. The first gores join on to the front, an .t the Bide which goes to the front is laid to the teivedge of the material. The back gores are eleped in a straighter fashion, and as these gores on to a sloped side of the back, there is a great deal of spring here, although the top is kept perfectly tight. To those who admire the straight, close skirts, this fashion seems strange and un- common, hut it is now the fashion to have all the fulness at the edge of the skirt, hanging in flutes which sway and flop as the wearer moves. As to whae you said regarding toques last week I may say Parisians wear their toques very for- ward, but the Eeglishwoman generally shows a good deal of front hair. In an instance which I noticed the other day the bows were of heliotrope velvet, carried round to the side in folds, and fastened down with a paste brooch. Two bouquets of Parma violets were connected by the twisted stalks, and pinned down be a large steel buckle. Your loving JENNIE.

POACHED EGGS WITH TOMATO SAUCE.—Stew thoroughly one cupful of tomatoes, add a liberal seasoning of salt, pepper, and a tablespoonful of butter. Trim off all the crusts from the bread and toast daintily, buttering generously. Place a neatly-poached egg oil each slice of hot toast, and pour around the sauce. The toast may be gar- nished with celery leaves. BOSTON CREAMS.—A few waeks since a reader of your paper was asking for a recipe for "Boston cream." Not having seen a reply yet I send a recipe. Three lb. of white sugar,3 oz. of tartaric acid, 2 quarts of boiling water. Dissolve the sugar and acid in the boiling water, and, when cold, add 30 drops of essence of lemon and two eggs.

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

sr 4-• , -_, .1 , - - • /37A \ V It • ,i ik 11\ \ \ V,, ... 01 1 11;V 1100,1 . ( i ki., It .11, f '!,4 1 t \ . ,! IA ki,7:461.1 . / iiVc 0 ill. .k„______„...-----,..;-_------,_,-...,,/.

dt Off,4J Yi. 41 '... / I I 7 I / / i 1 i //7,A ,/,‘,Jeggifiep tory viii, *rme4,\\ 44, i, lli ,i,,\,,, /fit ~t/7/// 'ilvc I lip, iiii, \\ ~ , .14' :I I I a I; Ilippi ' 4v

9, 1 .1 \Ai / ki11e.,,--,. f el. ,-; ,/,/, e /.,;,,-. 07.--.>", !•,,,,,,-- ...,_42, ~,,,, ~ a',V S'i V,.': X• ›=',4 I>,':-.- '; `i --;''' ' ''' - ,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
_ S

4 ,

G2ATEFU

L-C

===== 0002601_18990217_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

McDOTTGAL t:S PATENT SELF-111AISING FLOP) it "CAzg.,usED

:(le',n444tqat;

so.—An artly finished Ch, Adth Skirt in the ' .omplete Costume The Skirt alone to

A r 1113 PATTEPAS of ,intimio in, ,14.. Dress Goods -010 t

Bankers : "LONDON & MIDLAND" BANK, LTD.

F

iARVtI:i, LAG ..., BOXES PLAY By .4,*7-77:7=,-11;;;.3. , ' .

===== 0002601_18990217_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
OMFORT

MN NOBLE, LID., ifEr, MANCHESTEI

!.77!7.7.,!!:217

UREAT SINKbA

A meeting of this Council was held in the Great Sankey Bard Scho,l3 on M:iniay evening. Mr. Wright pre- sided, and there were a'so present Mr. George Thomp- son, Mr. Ta,llor, with Mr. Smirla (clerk).

===== 0002601_18990217_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHIT."

If only intending visitor' t Windsor Castle, would make sure beforehand that the State apartments are open to the public, considerable disappointment would frequently be avoided. During the time the Court i in residence, no vbitors are admitted. A glance at the Court Circular is all that is necessary. Last yeartmore than 100,000 visitors were admitted to the State apart- ments at Windeor Castle.

The " tapestry zooms" at Windsor, which are always occupied by the Empress Frederick, when on a visit to Her Majesty, are all small odd in shape, and anything but light. The tapestry, from which this suite takes its name, is confined to the sitting room, which le lighted by an oriel window at one end. The hangings are in feur panels, two on the same side as the grey marble mantle piece, and two opposite. They are set above a rather high and heavily ornamented dado. Portraits of the late Czar Alexandra and his Czarina fl 1 the empty places on either side of the window, but being back to the light they are difficult to see. There are no " old maids " nowadays, this designa.- tien has become obsolete. And there will soon be no dowagers either. Numters of women, who in days of yore would have been known by this title, no longer uee it on their visiting cards, and in various other ways delicately convey to their friends and acquaintoncea, their objection to the word. The Empress Frederick was one of the first to resent the term, and insisted on taking the name of her dead husband as the definition to distinguieh her from the wife of her son. The widowed Czarina, sister of our Princess of Wales, is always styled "Empress Maria Feodorowna„' she like- wise objecting to the title of Empress Dowager. A few years ago, French was the exclusive language of the Russian Court, now English is very generally spoken. The private apartments in the different palacts too, have a very English look, and this is carried out even to musical instruments, for there is a piano in the mperial apartments by a British firm, and others by the same maker in the summer palaces. Both the Emperor and Empiess had been much in our Isles, and hd admired the arrangements of our households. The Imperial Russian Palace at Czarkoe Skoe, is the rargest thing of the kind in existence. It stands in grounds which are eighteen miles in circumference. When the Czar is residing there it is guarded by 7,000 rldieis and policeman,and it contains 1,000 roams. One room isiwalled with lapis lazuli, another with mother-e'- read, another with amber. The banquetting hall is walled and celled with gold. The Imperial stables are at Peterhof. This delightful palace may be called the Russian Windsor. Its distance from the capital, its quiet sylvan surroundings, and the uses to which it is put all suggest the quoin: old town, on the Thames. The Im- perial stud centains no fewer than 900 horses. Names are given to the animals by the stall master,and it is in- teresting to find that British names are regarded with much favour.

Some horse names may almost be called generie— Dobbin, for example, is as common a name for a cart horse, as Dash for a dog. Carthorses generally have names suggestive of their steady-going habits; What- ever "Dobbin" may mean, it at least sounds highly appropriate to the kind of animal which usually lasers the name. In rural district, it is not an uncommon practice to dub members of a carthorse team with the names of Colonel, Major, and Captain a quaint custom which is paralle'led abroad. The custom of sending valentines is, after all, a pretty one, ard it is a pity that it has almost died out. It is also a matter for regret that our bast valentines should he" made in Germany. but such is positively the case. Somehow British manufacturers cannot tura out a good article at German prices, and of course the shopkeeper, just like his customers, goes to the cheapest market. There used to be a supposition that the first person of the opposite sex seen on Valentine's morn, would be the life partner, but it is little regarded now, even by the most unenlightened. If it was indeed true, the run on milkmen and postmen woold be gigantic. The recent storms and tempests have made it very clear that we have not yet mastered the art of evolving and donning garments suitable for a British winter. The de- sirable covering for women whose business takes them abroad in a gale, is some strong, warm, sturdy garment, of the coat tribe. This offers no unneceasary purchase to the wind. In the majority of cases one notices that skirts are far too long, capes the favourite covering, and that hats are too profusely trimmed. The ideal costume is a skirt that well clears the ground, a low—and save fora neat band of ribbcn—untrimmed hat, or better still a togue or turban, and a neatly fitting coat, which boasts several pockets. A cape in a gale i 4 cold, and cumbersome. Most of its time is usually spent in whirl- ing round the wearers head, which to say the least, is a state of affairs scarcely conducive to her well-being or good temper. As to whether the prevalence of black is due to the order for general mourning, or Lent, it is difficult Fe determine, but in all probability it is to the Lenton season that we owe our present sombre colors. Violet and heliotrope are well worn, Uut black and white are distinctly first favourites at the moment. To those whose complexions are not so fresh as they once were, this combination is often a very tryine one. Heliotre provide I the right shade is selected is infinitely more 13' - coming to those who have passed their youth, as are also bright tones of red. _

If a 'oman is willing to bear the discomfort and ex- pense she can now, it seems, get rid of any wrinkles she may be possessed, and appear with a perfectly new skin. The process is a long P ne, and consists of remov- ing the outer skin by means of acids, when a perfectly smooth unblemished surface makes its appearance. The result sounds deliehtful, but, possibly the majoritv of us would pref., rto keep our wrinkles, rattier than undergo the process.

The Rest Cureis much patronised by fashionable women and not only do they Nurvive it, but appra- the better for it. One goes to bed for two or three orek4,and is fed several times a day. No br,olcs, newsplp,rs,or even let- ters. are allowed. ar-d one's friends are as riaidly ex• eluded as if on' lind the planue. The curl was fir,t started in A Inc rica, by Dr. Weir MitchPll, a fashionable doctor.

We should di well to bear in mind that lettuce. asparagus, watercress. spinach and tematoss, are all wholesome, and likewise valuable ads in attaining a gra-,11 skin and a clear colour. No dinner hould he con- silered complete without a green salad. A complete b tth at least once a day is at siltitely necessary to a good comp`exion, while the face shou'd be nightly subjected to a soap bath, followed by steaming. Plenty of exer- cise, indoors and out, is another phint to remember, even in the larguig pring days. A fair skin i. not to re obtained without cost, and the woman who aims at the pos.ession of an ideal cimplexion, must be willing to make a U.w sacrifices to comraqs it. TOMATPFS BAKED WITH BREADCRUMBS.—SkiII some fine tomatoes. Butter a baking dish, put a thin layer of breadcrumba in the bottom, then a layer of tomatoes, sprinkle with pepper and salt, and strew plenty of bread- crumbs over. Arrange a few knobs of butter here and tire, then put another layer of tomatoes, and cover with hreaPcnimbs and butter as before. Place in a hot oven, and bake an hour.

" MADGE."

CAnnuurs Coco,t, is abso'utely pure. being entirely free from kola. 'malt. hone, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution 1 The public should insist on having CADBURY'S —mld only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often übstituted for the rake of Pir,,ra profit.—Advt. (4).

.m o'Shanter

Kindly name this newspaper when writing to

===== 0002601_18990217_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
'ARISII COUNCI

THE MUZZLING ORDER.

Thc Clerk said that in acc)rdance with instructions received at the !art meeting he wrote t 3 Mr. Hulton.the Clerk to the County Council, informing him that in con- sequence of the enforcement of the Muzzling Order rats brad largely increased in the township and were likely to beeline a pest unless the order were withdrawn. He asked to be informed of the County Council's action in the matter and had received the following reply "County Offices, Preston, 10th February, 1899. Dear Sir. In roply to your letter of the 9thinstant,the County Council at their meeting of the 2n4 lust., passed a re- solution authorising an application ti be made to the Board of Agriculture to rescind the Muzzling Order now in force in the greater part of the country. The appii- cation has been duly f3rwarded to the Beard, and a reply has been received that in consequence of an out- break of rabies at Blackpool last Autumn, the president is unable at present to withdraw the Order.—Yours truly J. P. Muspratt, deputy clerk of the County Council. Mr. Thompson : I thiQk it a pity that an outbreak of rabies at Blackpool should be the means of the Presi- dent of tee Board of Agrculteire refusing to rescind the order in the township. The Chairman : Within a fe 7V miler of the township the order is withdrawn.

It was ultimately dec;ded that the Chrk should write to tin Caunty Council t iaLkiug them for the action taken and expressing a regret at the Preside: t of the Boaid of Agiocllture's decl4ion.—Mr. Halton said the County C)uocIllor for the district had b oug,ht the matter before the County Council.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
BE REPAIR OF FOOTPATHS.

The Chairman said there were 25 footpaths of greater or lesser extent running through farmers' fields ss ichin the district, and of the 26 farm, ra there'were only who had nct footpaths running through their land. As long as he (the clairman) could remember the farmers had repaired the footpaths and he considered it was a hardship that they should be called upon to do so. See- ing that the public need the fcopaths he thJught it only r:ght that the District Council or the Highway Board shnuld be asked to repair them, Mr. Thompson siid he considered that the Highway Board had treated Great Sankey very badly in the matter of repairing the footpaths on the main road. Recently pedestrians had been obliged to wade through mud when traversing the foothpath along the main road,

Mr.Halton slid that was a question for the Main Roads Committee of the County Council. With reference to the foctpaths thr-m2h fields the Highway Board would not interfere with them as it was a matter for the land- owners to keep them in repair. It would be establiih- ing a precedent if the Highway Board were to under- take the repair of footpaths. Mr. Thompsm sold he could understand landowners being called upon to repair the footpaths but not the tenants:. He thcught it was a hardship upon them. . .

The Chairman ;aid he had known. cases where the Warrington Highway Board had repaired bridges con- nected with tridle footpaths. Mr. Halton said he was asked by the Council to call the attention of the Highway Board to an unfenced pit at Great Sankey. He did so and was informed that the Highway Board had ao power to do such work. Mr. Thompson said he was of opinion that the High- way Board ought to call upon landlords to repair the footpaths. He did not think the farmers should be asked to do so.

Mr. Halton proposed that the Clerk write to the land- owners in the township asking th(m t 3 to good enough to place the footpath in a state of repair. Mr. Thompsoa seconded, and the le3olution was carried.

Mr. 'Thompson then moved that the Highway Board 1)1 asked to attend to the repair of footpaths on the main roads.

Mr. Taylor seconded, and it was agreed t 3. Mr. Balton said the matter was under consideration and would no doubt be attended to.

THE PROPOSED NEW ROAD TO WARRINGTON.

The Clerk referred to the proposed new road from Great Sankey to Warrington, and asked whether it was likely to be carried out. Mr. Thompson said it was very likely it would be carried through. He understood that some new tube works were to be erected near Mr. Grimshaw's farm.and the p,p,ilation was certain t 3 increase. The new road would oven out the district considerably. Mr. Halton said there had not b•en a meeting of the Highway Board since the last meeting of the Council and ha had therefore net heard anything further of the proposed new road.

6 POLY etikil:4 MUzy• CAL THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much SU perior tone. EUNDREDs of TUNES can be played you can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25, ARCHFR & SONS, 43 TO 49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX OTINER FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17 1899

Of implying mat tne hiss was an insult whin must be eradicated at once. Her words also implied that she was very much displeased. But Lord Alfred knew her better than she knew herself, instead of being duly repentant and apologetic. he actually repeated his offence, selecting the other cheek this time. Yet, although this insult, being much more deliberate, might have been supposed to be a proportionately reprehensible one, it seemed to carry its own pardon with it, for the strongest remonstrance it evoked were the words "You really shouldn't." "I really should," was the delinquent's auda- cious reply, "for I love you with all my heart, and I have come here this afternoon solely for the purpose of asking you to make me happy by marrying me." "But that is no excuse for kissing me before you have asked me," was Polly's demurely-spokert reply. "And, besides, I am afraid it isn't any use expecting me to say yes." "And why not? Surely, dear, I have not been mistaken in supposing that you do care for me a little ? "

"N —no, you have not been mistaken, for to tell the truth, I really care a great deal for you." "Then tell me where the objection lies. I know that lam not as rich as your father is, but I can honestly swear that your prospective wealth has never entered into my calculations. I love you for yourself alone, and whether you inherit anything or not, we should be well enough off to live in luxury." "Don't think that of me," exclaimed "'oily eagerly. "We have none of us imagined for a minute that you were anything but a true-hearted, honourable gentleman, and both my father and my mother like you very much. But they like Prince Carlos of Mitylene quite as well as they like you, and he has been here this morning to ask me to marry him. My mother is the kindest mother any girl could have, but she has her ambitions, and she has become strangely anxipas for me to marry the Prince. Of course, I have known for some time that she coveted such a high destiny for me, and the attentions of Prince Carlos have been such as to encourage her hopes in that direction." Lord Alfred listened to this information with constantly growing amazement, for he had reasons of his own for knowing that Prince Carlos was supposed to be very much in love with the lively Lady Flora, to whom he had paid unremitting attention during the past few weeks. "The .fellow is evidently playing some deep, underhand game," he thought, "and I should like to know what he means by paying court to two girls at the same time. Luckily, neither of them return his professed love, but that doesn't do away with the fact that his carefully divided attentions are an insult to both Flora and Polly. I must enlighten my sister a little when I go home." "Then I am to understand the situation to be as follows," he said, taking a seat beside the unresisting Polly, and holding both her trembling hands between his own: 'You are sought in marriage by Prince Carlos of Mitylene, and by the much more humble individual, Lord Alfred Vavasour-Pomeroy, and you are to chose which of them you will accept for your husband." "No," murmured Polly dejectedly, while her bonnie brown eyes filled with tears again. "That is where the trouble comes in. My mother insists that I shall marry Prince Carlos, although I have told her quite plainly that I would rather—would rather—"

"Would rather marry me! Is that it, Polly?" "Yes, that was what I said."

"Weil, you shall marry me, Polly, in spite of princely covetousness and motherly ambition, and now that lam sure of your love, I defy anybody to separate us! " Just for a moment or two Polly gave herself to the happiness which we all feel when we know our heart's affection to be reciprocgted. Then the bugbear of Prince Carlos's suit thrust itself upon her notice again, and she withdrew herself uneasily from Lord Alfred's embrace.

"I am afraid mother will be very angry," she said, "for she told me not an hour ago that she would never forgive me if I refused to marry Prince Carlos."

"But I thought she liked me well enough to be willing to become my mother-in-law," was Lord Alfred's puzzled remark. "She has always been very kind to me, and I have never come to the house without being made to feel that I was more than welcome."

"That is what I can't understand," interrupted Polly. "Only yesterday she said that you were the nicest young man she knew, and that you had been an untold comfort to us lately. Yet this afternoon there is a complete change; and unless she has altered very much again within the last hour, you will find that she is not inclined to be too polite to you." "Did you hear all that Prince Carlos said to your mother?

"No, I did not; but the Duke of Hapsburg Solltesein did, for he came with his friend, and remained with him during the interview with my mother. Indeed, I verily believe that the Prince would have had him in the room while he proposed to me, if I had not been so long in coming down to the drawing-room after my mother came and told me that I was wanted there. I was on the stairs when the Duke came out of the drawing-room, but had not turned the landing, where I could be seen by him, and I gave him time to take his de- parture before I shewed myself. Being thus out of sight, but within earshot, I was able to distinguish every word that the Duke said in an undertone to his friend: This affair must be brought to a head, Carlos, for expenses are too heavy to permit of child's play, and it is too late in the day to risk failure by allowing romance to upset our calcula- tions. I shall see your sister presently, and I shall tell her that everything is settled. I have done my share of the work; you must manage the rest by yourself. ' " "And what was the Prince's reply ? " "He did say something, but I couldn't hear what it was. When at last I. entered the drawing-room, he talked and behaved as if I were the only individual who had ever been in his thoughts for weeks."

Lord Alfred heard this with increasing uneasi- ness, for there could be no doubt that there was some suspicious sort of collusion between the Duke of Hapsburg Solltesein and Prince Carlos of Mitylene. The readiest explanation which offered itself was that the Prince was in love with someone, possibly Lady Flora, who would only have a sm,lll dowry compared with that of the Gold King's heiress, and that there was some mysterious community of interest between the Duke, the Prince, and an un- known lady who was spoken of as the Prince's sister. Contrary to popular belief, it would thus appear that His Highness had a near relative in London; and the thought suggested itself to Lord Alfred that the amalgamation of interests was a sinister one.

The reader will, perhaps, find nothing surprising in this suspicion, but Lord Alfred had had no previous reason for supposing that the Prince and the Duke were more than ordinary society friends; and he had always shared the general opinion that they were both fabulously rich. The fragment of conversation which Polly had overheard was a veritable enlightenment to him, but he was some- what bewildered by Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's subsequent behaviour to him. That usually considerate and kind-hearted lady told him plainly that Polly would not be allowed to marry him, as she was already promised to the Prince of Mitylene ; and that if he was unmanly enough to try and ruin the girl's brilliant prospects by pressing his undesired suit upon her, he would be asked to discontinue his visits to the Rizzen-Quicke As for the masculine head of that family, he seemed to be resting under a mental cloud, the combined result of his troubles and of his accident; and it was useless just yet to expect him to con- trovert any arrangement which his wife might chose to make.

It will thus be seen that poor Polly, in spite of the joy which Lord Alfred's love for her inspired, was far removed from a condition of unalloyed happiness. For both her father and her mother were strangely unlike themselves; her brother had disappeared, whither nobody seemed to be able to find out; and she was surrounded by an atmosphere of mystery which could not fail to have a depressing influence upon her spirits. Prince Carlos visited her constantly; and her mother was so vigilant in his interests that she found it some- what difficult to avoid him. Perhaps this would not have troubled her much, but for the attitude which he adopted towards her. He seemed to take it for granted that he and she were to be married soon; and he treated her numerous protestations to the contrary as amusing jests, which had no foundation of truth in them.

On one occasion, about four in the afternoon, he brought his friend, the Duke of Hapsburg Solltesein, with him, and both gentlemen were ushered into the drawing-room, where they found Mr. and Mrs. Quicke and Polly indulging in melancholy reflections concerning the probable fate of Teddy. Polly no sooner saw the two gentlemen enter the apartment than she rebelled against their presence, and she actually rose to z. idre her escape. But.

much to her O4ii stomshrnent, tier steps were arrested midway; and, as if in obedience to some expressly-uttered command, she sat down on a settee beside her mother, just opposite the seat of /rich the Duke took possession.

"What can be the matter with me 7 " she askeo herself. "Am I mistress of my own actions, or am I not? I meant to avoid Prince Carlos, and yet here lam actually smiling at him ! I must either be mad or possessed! And what a curious sensa- tion I feel! It is just like cold water trickling down my back, and I am trembling all over. Why, good Heavens! I am surely in a state of mental. and physical subjection!" At this moment, as if irresistibly attracted by the magnetism of the Duke's eyes, she raised her own to them, and became instantly possessed by an idea which was none the less belief-compelling because it was wild and fantastic.

"God help me!" she thought. "Satan himself is looking from those eyes! And I believe the man is trying to hypnotise me! I have heard of such things, and that is what must have happened to father when he did such strange things the other day. But I defy him to hypnotise me—now that I have once resolved that it shall not be done!

CHAPTER XII.. ANOTHER MYSTERY.

Although Polly had braced both body and mind into h, tremendous effort of resistance to what she believed to be a diabolically uncanny influence; and although her sudden alteration of manner ahewed that she was rebelling against that influence, she spoke no word, either to excuse her apparent rudeness, or to explain its cause, but positively ran from the room, leaving her parents dominated by varying degrees of disapproval. Mr. Itizzen-Quicke looked after her, and remarked sympathetically "Poor Polly seems to be out of sorts, and no wonder, either; but I hope she isn't going to be really ill. " Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke did not take the matter so quietly, but shewed herself decidedly angry, and there could not be the slightest doubt that she, at least, would do her best to favour the wishes of Prince Carlos and his friend, the Duke. So pleasant was she, indeed, and so well did her husband now second her promise that Polly should be reduced to reason before very long, and that the wedding s ,ld be an accomplisl ' fact within a month, that the Prince himself soon recovered the equanimity which had been a little upset by Polly's abrupt departure. But the Duke was not BO easily pacified, and he bit his under-lip in the effort to avoid letraying his real feelings. "I will make her repent this," he thought. "And a girl of twenty shall not defy me with impunity. She is not the first one who has become conscious of the influence in time to resist it, but constant droppinc, can wear away a stone, and I swear that she shall feel my power in a manner she little dreams of."

The central object of the visit having elected to take an unceremonious leave of the visitors, and having, moreover, declined to return to them even after she had received a peremptory message from her mother to that effect, the said visitors speedily departed, having first arranged to look in during the course of that same evening. Meanwhile, Polly felt herself unable to rest quietly under the burden of the strange suspicion which beset her, and she soon shewed her ability to act independently and to the point. Rushing to her own room, she donned a hat, veil, and gloves, and, barely waiting to explain to her maid that she preferred to go out without attendance, she hurried off to the nearest post-office, and sent a telegram to Lord Alfred Vavasour-Pomeroy. This telegram ran as follows: "If possible, join me immediately in vestibule of Royal Academy. Vitally important.—Pottv." Lord Alfred had said that he would be at his club, the Junior Carlton, from four to five o'clock that afternoon, so she addressed the telegram to that place, and quietly walked the short journey to Burlington House, feeling confident that her lover would be able to join her in half an hour. Nor was she disappointed. The telegram reached Lord Alfred a few minutes before five, and he obeyed the summons so promptly that he drove into the courtyard of Burlington House before the clock of St. James's had chimed the quarter-past. Then, dismissing his hansom, he immediately ioined Polly, and repaired with her to one of the rooms which were filled entirely with works by the Royal Academicians themselves, and which was, in Lord Alfred's opinion, likely to have fewer frequenters than the rooms which were supposed to be of minor importance. He noted Polly's pale cheeks with anxiety. But he was careful to secure her a comfortable seat before he questioned her as to her reasons for sending him the imperative telegram which he had received. Nor did he neglect the lover's privilege of an affectionte embrace before he permitted more mundane matters to obtrude themselves._

"Now then, dearest," he said, "tell me all about it. You want to consult me about something of vital impostance, and I confess that it does not reassure me to be told to meet you here, instead of in your own home. I hope you are not suffering grave unpleasantness on my account ? " "Nothing more grave than usual, Alfred," was the reply, "so far as my father and mother are concerned, but I have undergone such an odd experience this afternoon that I felt I must tell you about it at once. You know the Duke of Hapsburg Bolltesein ? "

"Yes," acquiesced Lord Alfred, who had just time to wonder whether his Dukeship was turning out to be another Romeo in the field against him, when Polly continued: "And you know that Prince Carlos and he are friends ? "

------- - "Sol have gathered, from what you told me 4fore."

"Well, you will not be surprised to hear that they have paid several visits to our house together, and I have almost unconsciously noticed that both father and mother are more obstinately bent upon making me a Princess whenever the duke has been in their company for a while. But it is only this afternoon that a strange conviction has come to me. Do you believe in hypnotism. Alfred ? " "Most certainly I do; there are too many proofs of the existence of such a power for prolonged dis- belief to be tenable. In fact, nothing but the theory of hypnotism can possibly account for your father's strange conduct on the day when he met with the cab accident; and I have already come to the conclusion that the so-called detective was actually a hypnotist, who had his own vile reasons for subjugating your father's will to his. But what has that to do with the Duke of Hapsburg- Bolltesein ? "

"I believe it has everything to do with him, for I am as sure as I am of my own existence that the Duke Was trying to hypnotise me when I became conscious of some strange influence, and imme- diately determined to resist it. Without waiting a second to deliberate, I -unceremoniously rushed from the room, put on my hat and gloves, wired for you, and here we are." "Thank God that you were able to do all this, for otherwise I tremble to think of what the conse- quences might have been I But one suspicion :gets another, my dearest, and I have already begun to wonder if there is not semr, significant connection between the Duke of HP psburg Solltesein and the man who undoubtedly hypnot sed your father."

"There may be some connection between them," agreed Polly. "But, of course, they cannot both be one and the same man, for the eine is not yet forty, is slender and good-looking, while the other one, so we are told, was stout, elderly, and amply be-whiskered."

"Quite so; but the difference in the two people, great as it may seem, may be more apparent than real, for a man with a deep game to play would not find it very difficult to personate a stout, elderly man, since the whole matter might easily resolve itself into a question of padding and false hair. But now that you have put me on the track, Polly, I will never rest until I have arrived at some solution of the strange things which have been happening lately. Of course, the Scotland Yard detectives are exerting themselves to discover your brother Teddy's whereabouts, but if the earth had swallowed him up he could not have left less trace behind him, and it is not astonishing that success. seems as distant as ever so far as the police are concerned. But lam on a different footing, and it may be that I am destined to put a period to the career of fiendish criminals. At all events, with God's help, I mean to solve the mysteries, and as the whole of my time is at my own disposal, I devote it to working in the interests of you and yours." Polly had such faith in her lover's abilities that she felt sure he would manage to do all he under- took, and she gladly agreed to keep him constantly supplied with 'information concerning every important detail of her home life, so that he might form his own conclusions as to what bearing they had upon their great scheme of discovery. Having arranged to meet at the same place about eleven o'clock on the following morning, the lovers left the building, and had barely emerged into Piccadilly again when their mutual attention was

attracted by some glaring placards contalalll itartling announcements: "Accident to the Princess Delilah of Courla;

"Another London Mystery." "Strange Disappearance of Mr. Mosenthal_ , (7b be continued.)

"I WOULD RATHER DIE 1"

So wrote a London man jikt before he sent a bullet crashing through his head. On the third floor of art oriinary lodging-house its London, the police found the body of a lodger with a revolver by his bide and a builet in his head. He had been dead over forty-eight hours ; in his pocket was found a book in which was written the falawing : " I am tired of life b.-cause I am suffering fro= Bright's disease. I would try to struggle again and work, but it is impossible TT me to do so, while I ams sick and without the slightet hope of getting better. I would rather die ; bow glad I shall be when I am dead Let the city bury my body." What a commentary on our boasted civilisation ! A poor wretch, suffering from what he supposed to be an incurable disease, snuffs out his flickeriog life with s p'stol bullet. Upon whose head shall fall the blame for his deed--for his life ? Where did he get the idea that his disease was incurable ? Simply from a generally accepted old-time theory,which is still regarded by some as a fact, but which modern investigation has exploded. Many diseases may be considered incurable, but that does not make them so. What we thought to be im- possible ten years ago, is easily accomplished te-day. This is not an age of impossibilities. During the paw few years scientists have discovered that Bright's dis- ease is curable through Warner's Sal. Cure, and simply because tne poor wretch was not aware of this fact, he killed himself. Not so with others. Cures are being daily recorded, alter all other means l•lad failed. The d-atia of tha,, poor, misguided man in the London lodging-house, will not have been without its lesson,if it teaches you that this terrible disease is curable, and that th? remedy—Warner's Safe Cure—can be fouud every. where.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
(C7opyright.)

PaINCESS DELILAH.

By MRS. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "When the Sea Gives up its Dead," "The Prince Physician," "The Vindication of Olive Trevethick," "The Star of Yukon," "The Adventures of an -Ugly Girl," "Deb e May's," "A Fair Blockade Runner," &0..

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: John Mills, part owner of a gold mine and of a most valuable star-sapphire, loses all to the millionaire, Mr. Rizzen-Quicke, at gambling. Rizzen-Quicke gives it him back on the condition that he never gambles again. In gratitude Mills gives the star- sapphire to his benefactor's wife. Meanwhile two aristocratic scoundrels, Prince Carlos of Mitylena and the Duke of Solltesein, are plotting with a stockbroker named Mosenthal to float a bogus gold- makers' company, and incidentally they hope to capture some of the wealth of Rizzen-Quicke and Mills. John Mills mysteriously disappears after withdrawing 4,000 sovereigns from his bank. Teddy Rizzen-Quicke falls in love with the Princess Delilah, who has some mysterious connection with the Prince and the Duke. She promises to marry Teddy if he can secure the star-sapphire for her. It is Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's ambition that her son, Teddy, should marry the Princess, and her daughter, Polly, Prince Carlos. Teddy disappears in a mysterious way after cashing a large cheque wholly in sovereigns. The star-sapphire also goes. Lord Alfred Vavasour- Pomeroy, who has fallen in love with Polly Rizzen- Quicke, thinks there is something sinister in the disappearances of Mills and of Teddy, and he deter- mines to make inquiries carefully and privately. The millionaire himself is apparently put under the influence of hypnotism, and cashes a cheque in exactly the same way, but a lucky accident prevents his disappearance. Prince Carlos and his friend, the Duke, fall under suspicion.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XL

FOLLY IS REBELLIOUS.

Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's conviction that her husband had suddenly become insane was modified during the course of another conversation or two with him. So, also, per contra, was his fear that she was losing her senses. Wild as their mutual asser- tions seemed to be, it was soon shewn that they bore a credible foundation, and it became perfectly evident that certain mysterious forces were at work which boded ill to somebody. It needed several people to put their heads together before a cohesive story could be made out of the events which had succeeded the arrival on the scene of Mr. Edgar Sandiman, private detective; and Lord Alfred Vavasour-Pomeroy was as eager as anybody to reduce the chaos of bewilderment to something like definite order.

The more the business was inquired into, the greater was the resulting uneasiness. Mr. Quicke remembered very vividly what took place prior to his interview with the pseudo-detective. He could also give a fair description of the man's appearance, and as this description was corro- borated by two members of the household who had witnessed the arrival and departure of Mr. Edgar Sandiman, it was considered more than likely that the whereabouts of the latter would be discovered before long, unless he proved clever enough to elude the many people who were promptly instructed to find him at any cost. There could be no doubt that his visit was dictated by -a sinister purpose, and in conversation with Detective Raleigh, of Scotland Yard, it transpired that he could not have been recommended by the latter to offer his services to anybody, for he had never heard of him. If, therefore, his errand had not been that which he professed it to have been, what could be the object he had in view? It seemed preposterous to suppose that he had exerted a malignant influence upon Mr. Rizzen- Quicke's mind, yet everything pointed to such a conclusion. Otherwise, how was it that that gentleman's recollections of the previous day's occurrences terminated at the beginning of his conversation with the stranger? And how was it that he had done several things which were so contrary to his usual custom that even he himself was surprised when he was told about what he had done? The inexplicable letter, when carefully perused, shewed itself to be undoubtedly in his own handwriting. It was written upon paper ~.which was never used by anyone but himself, and it bore reference to a subject in which outsiders could hardly be supposed to be interested. Having occasion to sign a few cheques for his wife, Mr. Quicke discovered, by the counterfoil, that he had signed one for Zl,OOO on the very day of Mr. Sandirnan's visit, and inquiries made at the bank by Lord Alfred soon resulted in the further discovery that he had personally withdrawn that amount in gold. No more ominous fact than this could have come to light, and it was with blanched faces that the Rizzen-Quicke family and their good friend, Lord Alfred, regarded each other,. when the latter brought them the information. Their thoughts instantly flew to the still absent Teddy, and they no longer cherised the slightest belief in the reality of the yachting tour. "He has been decoyed away by thieves, or perhaps, murderers ! " wailed the now distracted mother. "And while we have been quietly expecting him to come back, we have been throwing away all chance of saving him! Joe, our boy has been taken from us and we shall never see him again!" It was Joe's nature to be optimistic, but on this occasion he found even the pretence of hopefulness quite impossible, for was there not also the further terribly significant circumstance of John Mills's disappearance to account for ?.And had not both he and Teddy just realised a large amount of money in gold before they disappeared? Besides, there was the further sinister incident of the letter. They all knew that the father had had no intention of leaving home to see John Mills, yet the mother received a letter stating that he was on his way to visit his old friend. How much more credence, therefore, could be attached to the letter which had been received from Teddy under what were, apparently, precisely similar. circumstances? In both cases the letters were evidently intended to lull suspicion until the object of the plotter or plotters had been achieved, and everything went to shew that, but for the cab accident, Mr. Rizzen- Quicke himself would, by this time, have vanished as completely as the other two unfortunates had done. On the very face of it, the sending of the letters was a remarkable mode of communication between people who were never in the habit of writing letters to each other, and, even if this had been the case, they VI ould hardly have troubled to send them through the post, instead of handing them to one of the servants for delivery. _ _ _ - - -

The conviction that Teddy had met with foul play being once established, there was an imme- diate hue and cry, and every paper in the kingdom contained accounts of the mysterious disappearance of the son and heir of the Gold King. Had he been anywhere within reach of a British daily paper he could not have failed to become aware of the sensation his absence was creating. Yet he gave no sign, and day after day passed by without any further trace of him being discovered. The distress on Teddy's account served to diminish the anxiety there had been to discover what had become of the stolen star-sapphire, for as yet the idea of connecting the two mysteries was only simmering in the brain of one individual, Lord Alfred, to wit. The casual observer would hardly have given Lord Alfred credit for the depth of thought which he really possessed, and it would have been a revelation to most people to be told that he was an ardent student of scientific phenomena, besides being an earnest admirer of the theories of Gall, Spurzheim, and Lavater. Yet so it was, and it was after a certain conversation between himself and Polly Quicke that he resolved to put his various mental attainments to practical use. He had gone to the Piccadilly Mansion one afternoon and found Polly in tears. Her father was no longer like himself, for the disappearance of his son dwelt upon him like a nightmare, and he was wearing himself to a shadow in his constant efforts to obtain some elucidation of the mysteries by which he was surrounded. Her mother had broken down under the strain of tribulation, and Polly was afraid lest her illness might develop into a fatal one. Polly herself looked pale and pensive, but as sweetly pretty as ever, for she refused to acknowledge the worst by exchanging her delicately- coloured dresses for the sombre garb of mourning. As we have remarked, Lord Alfred found her in tears, with her face buried among the cushions of a couch in the drawing-room, and he felt that it behoved him to enter at once upon ..he role of comforter. The most effectual way that he could think of to begin his' ministrations was to step softly up to Polly, gently raise her head so as to bring her face in line with his own, and plant a warm kiss upon her cheek. "How dare you!" she exclaimed angrily, wiping her handkerchief all over her face, partly to remove the traces of tears, and partly by way

===== 0002601_18990217_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIVERPOOL PANTOMIMES.

Though it ha i been in full swing for nearly two months, pantomime in the city of Liverpool is as popular an attraction as ever. The enterprise of the theatre managers accounts for this in a large measure, for they are continually introducing new features in the prov,rommes and thus prevent the interest of the public from flagging an the least.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT TilliTE{E.

Mr. Robert Arthur's pantomime of " Aladdin" at the Royal Court Theatre, is an unqualified success. Judging by the spleudour and richness of its mounting, and the ability and popularity of the artistes who sustain the east, we canxot help thinking that "Aladdin "as here represented forms one of the Lest pantomimes in the provinces. A. noticeable feature of the performance 13 the close- ness with which the original narrative is adhered to. Lsually one loses the thread of the old nursery tale in the maze of variety turns and spectacular ballets which form the mod rn pantomine. But at the Royal Court Theatre the details of Abanazar's plot and Aladdin's wooing of the Princess are accurately followed out. Miss Claire -Romaine takes the title role, and her piquant,boyish interpretation of the part takes the house by storm. Little Tich is the great draw, however, and only those who know him well in other roles can realise how funny he is as Washee Wash, ein " Aladdin." His won- derful agility, diminutiveness, and originality keep the audience in a roar of laughter. Mr, Aastill Alelford takes the part of Abanazar, the magician, and receives deservingly the warm encomima of the audience for his mock-melodramatic acting. Princess Badroulbadour is represented by Milli Jesie Huddlestone, whose charming manner wins, her favours all through the piece. Mr, Frank Wheeler, Mr. J. Dobson, and the Haytors also con- tribute largely to the success of a performance. which is full of fun, gorgeousness, and originality.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCE (.47 WALES' THEATRE:

At this popular house of entertainment "Dick W hittington "is the piece de resistance, and nowhere in this part of the country will a more enjoyable pantomime be found. Vesta Tilley pourtrays Dick Whittington, and the famous "principal boy" is the life and soul of the piece. Her vivaeity, naivete, and "go " are infectious and impel her coadjutors in the performance to the most spirited efforts. Vesta Tilley acts her part perfectly, and her popularity with the people increases with her every appearance. Dick's inevitable companion,thn cat, is there also, larger than life, and imitated most naturally by Mr. Freddie Farren. Mr. Walter Groves (as Alderman Fitzwarren), Mr. W.T. Thompson (Jack, his apprentice), and Mr. John Humphries (Sarah, his 030 k), are an exceedingly funny trio whose antics and jokes give the laugh- ter-strained sides of the audience no rest whatever. Mr. Humphries is particularly comical in feminine attire, ani sings" Let 'ern all come "with great zest. Miss Elise Co 3k, gallant Dick's sweetheart, acts her part with engaging sweetness, and shares largely in the plaudits bestowed so largely on the pair. Still more fun is made by Messrs. Tennyson and Gorman, while important additions to the attractiveness of the perfornunce come from Miss Broadfoot-Bell, Miss Katie Cohen, and Miss Olive Marston. It is superfluous to dilate upon the beauty of many of the scenes, they are almost be- yond praise, but we cannot refrain from alluding to the richness and brilliance of the last, the Trades Procession and Ballet in the State Rooms of the Guildhall. The company is a very strong one, the pantomime is full of artistic conceptions, while the music and songs are a prominent and moat enjoy- able feature. As a whole "Dick Whittington" at the Prince of Wales Theatre is an admirable production in every respect, and a credit to Mr. Harold B. Nel- son, the proprietor ana manager.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ID-kir/0114i 60aLSa3111

_ _ d

FOU

_ _ _ 7171 571' h lig Ar, Tiq 'WI ay K.) 4 =MN r. 4i( it 1 eD gas I f fo, BSI E

AND ALL

Lung Troubles.

See above Trade Mark on each Wrapper. In Bottles,l/11, 2/3, 4/6, and W.

POWELL'S Mild APERIENT PILLS, II a Boz

ESTABLISHED 1324. Sed by GbenaLts throw;t2wlt the World.

" LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds, AriLm rll,lrcJ3chitia. Of Chemists only.—Advt.

.

IA TA „s ,Pl/41-Stk___M OpA 44'yis. b<Sl "4J I. ;41 - 4 .4:-: • 1.0 te, ' . e? v ' ;A-.41, C. e ,1:161:,16" • , ' '' ..,..ki .......:,t)e., 'RAO E.-eci-WIVI,

AL_

===== 0002601_18990217_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
DRA ',Hi TS. ("EXAMINER," FEBILUALIY i7Tff, 1899.)

All communications including solutions to problems, and problems for Competition. must b, addressed to the " Draughts Editor." " Examiner "Office. War- rington, and must r -itch the office not later than the first post on PAID A.Y morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and Will, as far as possible, answer in this column all encps ides],

ANSWERS TO COR rtESPONDENTS. J. LEE, WARRINGTeN.— (1) The author of any problem which is in this column receives the points in the ordinary manner for the coirect solution of the problem along with the other solver s,providmg that the author's terms are not correeted. In that Case points would only be awarded to those solvers who bad sent in the correction. (2) It is quite un4ecessary that the author of any problem which is published should send in his solu- tion along with the other solvers (3) Much obliged for problems, but kindly have another look at No. lai it admits of a very easy dual solution by 10-6, 21-30, 6-15, 12-19, 15-24, 3-12, W. wins

SOLUTION OF PkOBL MI No. 20. By Mn. E. J. POWELL, Warrington. Black men on 3, 11, 12. 17, and 28; Kings on 27 and 30; white men on 7, 18. 19, 20, 23, and 32; King on 10.

- White to move and win. 18-14 19-15 20-16 10 15 15-14 27 9 11-18 12-19 3-10 white wins

PROBLE \I No 21. By Mr. J. LEE. Warrington. [

===== 0002601_18990217_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
cwnLTE.] White to move and win. SOLVERS LIST.

Previous Problem Total. score. No. 19. Pts. E Donaghy, Patigate 99 2 31 S Albinson. Szockton Hath 96 2 28 • "E J P," Warrington... 95 2 27 G Green, Warrington 24 2 26 W rtigby, Warrington 94 2 96 "C P," Warrington .. 23 2 25 F Wright. Warrington 90 2 22 A Albin eon, Lower Walton lB 18 ..._

• W Taylor, Warringtln 17 T Barnes,Sankey Bridges.. 10 A Hall, Warrington .. 10

D Plineton, War7ington . _ -

J W Plinston, Warrington 12 S. Tavlin. Warrington

"J A W," Warringion J Lee, Warrington

R Grieve, Warrinton R Mercer. Padgate

J. Ross, Peniceth 2 "J R," Padgate S P Forbes, Warrington

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. No. 21.

The following trap is-b-r.ou-4-ht up from the Bristol game, and accurred on Welnesday last in a game played between F. Dunne and J. Hamblett, in the Match Stockton Heath v. Warrington.

11--16 22-18 7-10 8 11-19 24-19 10-14 29 —25 (a)l9-15 (5)27-24 8-11 25-22 (a) Losing move 27-24, 16-20, 19-16 do, draws. (6) forms position tin diagram below.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
LwinTE.] Black to move and win. 9-13 16-20 ll 27 5-14 24-15 18— 9 32-23 Black wins

NEWS OF THE GAME. WARRINGTON LEAGUE.

STOCKTON IivE.;;;TN;:-VIAR‘ R-INGI7-T-ON-:—This match took place at Vie rooms of the Stockton Heath club on Wednesday last, resulting in a victory for War- rington by a majority of 5 games. S3Ore : Wins. STOCKTON DEATH Draws. WARRINGTON. Wins. O J. Hambtett O 8 Albinson O A Albinson O J Fairhurst 0 F Warburton 2 2 P Wilkinson . ••• 0 W Warburton O J Guest 0 J H liailton 2 E England

ST. CLEMENT'S V. STOCKTON HEATH RESERVE.— Played at St. Clements on Monday. Scores.—

ST. CLE3IENT'S. ~ STOCKTON HEATH RESERVE. N. Driws. Wins T Forbes D jones E Maskill 0 J Plinston 1 J L Hall T Hibbert 0 E Hankey J W Taylor 0 d Albinson 2 J R Wills

===== 0002601_18990217_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE TABLE.

Matches. . Games. Pts. P. W. L. D. W. L. D. Warrington 'Cairo-street Stockton Heath 6 2 4 0 34 36 14 4 Penketh Padgate St Barnabas' The match between Padgate and Warrington, which should have taken place on Friday the 10th inst, has been post- poned.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
BA.GA.'IELLE.

ST. CLEMENT'S V. STOCKTON HEATIL—Played at St. Clement's on Monday. ar. CLEMENI'S STOCKTON HEATH. (RESERVES). Scores. Scores. 53 T Forbes A Albinson 63 D jones 73 B Raskin J Blinston 46 53 J L Hail 84 T Hibbert E Hankey 49 55 J. V 6 Taylor J Albinson 9 3lt Wills._ .

_ 425

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing

valuable information to Ladles how all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine _Remedy. "Never Fails." Thousands Of Testimonials.—Mr. W. E. BLANCHARD, Claremont /louse, Forest-road, Dalston, London.

ftpat t °NI 4Jtscs •t- ; , thz WARRINGTON MAN'S ECZEMA. CURED.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER HOSPITAL FAILURE,

At No. 6, GeneraT-strest, Warrin4ton, resides a work- in?, min who is, perhaps, at the prelent moment one of the happiest mea in tne Lawn. His name i Ge3rge Ryder. He is 26 years of ago, and is a Noun-

ear sergeant loch respected the Wafring- battalion. follow the le of a horae ,nter in the service of the railway corn- ‘any,and about or years and half ago he td cccasion to b down one

the horses under his cire, which was suffering. from scrofula. Shortly afterwards hel noticed a " hr( aking-out," as he termed it to a local reporter, on both of his hands. They commenced to itch, and in a short time his work,which h3d hitherto been a pleasure to him, was carred on with consld--rthle difficulty, while his rest va,‘s much disturbed at night. One or two local medical men were constalted, and their diagnosis was that he was suffering from eezmia. _ .

Various remedies were tried, but he was compelled to obtain other advice, and for seven weeks wa,4 a patient in the Manchester and Salford Hospital. Benefit was obtained from the treatment while he r,nnained in hos- pital, but he had n ) sooner re-urned to work than the disease broke cut again with renewcd vigour, and he Lund it necessary to go about with hoth hands, which were very much swollen. wrapped up and enclosed in cotton gloves. Occlsionaily the fl .sh were torn off his hands when he iemoved the bandages, and his condition was pitiable in the extreme. A spscialist was now eon- sulred, but still the pain and trouble confirmed. At length one thy, an eventful one in his history as it proved to be, a neighbour brought under his notice the case of a Blackburn woman who htd been etre of a similar skin disease by the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pink Pills for Pale People. He lost no time in obtaining a box of the pills, and it was fortunate for him that he did so. When the contents of the second box bad

been taken he noticed a great improvement in the con- dition of his hands, and so katis fi ed was he with the treatment that a third, and then a fourth box were bought, and, to we his actual words, "I am better now than I have been all al3ng." He no longer has occasion to go to work with covered hands, and he informed the reporter that he regards Dr. Widiams as a public bene- factor, and blesses the day he heard of hia pills. Be sleeps w-11 at night, i 3 in excellent bodily health, and no one could t .11 front an examination of his hands that he had so long suffered from such a troublesome disease."

The Rev. S. GAMBLE WALKER said he was glad of that opportunity to speak at a meeting of that nature, te- cause it was a meeting in which all minor differences of polity and ecclesiastical thought had been sunk and where they were met on co oamon ground to prepare to face a new future. (Hear, hear.) Fero in Warrington as in other places. the unity of the Free Churches Was by no means a mechanical unity. bul a vital and growing unity. Their union was not to b raalised in Poo or Crown, or in Creed, but in the living person cr! the Lori Jesus Christ. Tile union of the Free Churches was th e grandest thing that had ever taken p!ace in Coristeadom and it wss the only thing designed to conserve to us the svrand heritage that their puritan forefathers left to them (Anplause.e.) The sreaker proceeded to refer to th,s re- ligious asrct of the Free Cnurch Council sating thst their anthority for existence was not doctrinal but their sole authority was the N3W Testament in is purity and simplicity. (Apnlause.) Wherever they had Roman Catholicism or High Church ritualism, which was nothing more nor less th in popery, they had to stand face to face with one of the grandest or.ranisad attempts that had ever beers made to come back upon the findings of their Protestant forefathers. (Hear, hear.) Any man who called himself a priest Was an in- truier and priestly absolution was a law which stood condemned by the words of the Lord Jesus Christ him- self. They existed as spiritually organised to carry out spiritual teaching and to enforce the spiritual prieciples that wn.e professed in every deoartment of t xeir life. Turning to the political aspect of the m ovement he said they as Free Churchmen need not sod their hands with party politics. A Voice: Why not.

The Rev. GAMBLE WALKER : I will answer that gees- doe now. I defy ale, man to prove t me that perty polities are not anything else than fiehting for piece and fighting for power. (Applause ani cries of "No, no.") Alderman ROBERTS : I protest against that smtiment. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Gonereer. I protest. I have been a Radical all my life and I will not sit hear to listen to such a state- ment as that. (Commotion.) Alderman ROBERTS : It is a very ill-advised statement for thi speaker to make. (Hear' hear. and No, no.) The Rev. GAMBLE WALKER: lam net her 3to express my friends opinions. (Hear, hear.) I take it for granted--- Alderman ROBERTS (rising to speak) was met with cries of " Chiir, chair." The Bev. S. GAMBLE WALKER appealed to the Chair- man to allow him to proceed. (Applause.) The CHelßMter : I as chairman cannot allow you (Alderman Roberts) to speak. Alderman ROBERTS: I claim the right as a citizen of this town to speak. (Hear, hear, an] cries of " Chair chair.") Being unable to proceed, Alderman Roberts picked up his umbrella and hat and left the platform, remarking tot it was a peculiar me ?tine of Free Churches where liberty of speech was not allowed. The Alderman then lef gT The Ct ddhaea Rev.l Rm iGht salr ,aaems: said as far Walkertt f ci anogrgbßaehsrieathshi hdeeda uihaddnei .ffai B: rrur es:thao right to ot hthrehp:es: proceed. eaet eka dhne he t rrociAsmta. m B l(wrAaihni,a uns.ev.). sincerely retted th;zt he should have been the fly in the oiotin mt. He could not understand what the gentlemae meant by free spelh. He had left the meeting because he obj,cted to free epeeeh.Surely when a man was asked to speak at a pubic meeting; he had not CMS to express the ()pinkies of anybody in the meeting. (Hear,hear.) If the position of a public speaker was to be an echo then he had done with public speaking. (Hear, hear.) He wished to state that every free church council had a political aspect but not a party political aspect. He defined a position between politics and party politics. Politics meant good goverement but party politics did not always mean that. (Hear, hear.) He for one would not eYee give secend place for his ardent Radicalism, bust rather than submit to the proposals of the so-called Radical party he would cease to be a Radical. The dictates of party were always to be secondary to the dictates of conscience. (Applause.) They claimed es Free Churchmen the right of religious equality and v• ligious lib-rtv. (applause) There could be no such thine as relieious liberty until there was religious equality for it was based upon that. They claimed that they must have the same right of access into workhouses and prisons as any other religious body. (Applause.) They refused to recognise that the mere fact of a Bishop laying his hands upon a person was sufficient to give him entree to Places from which they were debarred. They must strive to make the political life of this countey healthy, vigorous and proeressive, a political life that was destiaed to bring abeut the triumph of Gldliness in every department ot life. (Ap. plaisee.) Turning to the social aspect of the Council's work, the speaker said political economy had failed to solve the social difficulties. They could only be solved by the application of the principles of Jesus Christ. t( hAips p countrylause.) theTh ehr eh zdee vr oe sl vp hi 5 ui hpaoint yt hest F ar epep Cl yhi un cz7e. hiens of practical form the practical principles of the teachings of the New Testament in every department of social life and activity. A Church was to be judge] not by its numerical strength ; not in the ornateness of its ser- vices ; not in the wonderful resceticism they wool] find there, but by its practical use in the social reforms of the town in which the Church was plaeed. Let them nreach charity, but not the charity that helpe I the poor, hut charity that brought to an end the causes that made for peverty. (Applause.) Then in a social sense what was to be their position towards the nation ? They must sea to it that they were not merely a nation of Christians in name but in deed and in truth. (Ap- plause). The Rev. C.F. ABED who had a very hearty reception, spoke at the outset of the social work which the free church mevement had already tree doing. From the leeur of its initiation it had been marvellous to see how the 550 ceuneils which had now been formed began to apply tbemselve,s to social reforms. It was not organised

. _ . , ~ • , --‘....,:,' .r • $ , . ron \\ / : .. ~ ' \ - , to, I u of

===== 0002601_18990217_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.

ANNUAL MEETING,

A SCENE: ALDERMAN InBERTS LEAVES THE MEETING.

There was a large attendance in Bold-street Wesle • yan schoolroom on Thursday last week on the occa- sion of the annual meeting of the Warrington and District Free Church Council. Mr. C. E. Parker, ot Penketh, occupied the chair and he was accom- panied on the platform by the Revs. S. Gamble Walker (Birkenhead), C. F. Aked (Liverpool), John Yonge. J. S. Hughes, J. F. Niat-the.ws.J. T. Schofield, J. G. Bennett and G. Herb Atte, J. Warnock, Charles Finch, and Mr. E. England. The meeting was °perm I by the singing of a hymn, and prayer wis afterwards offercel by the Rev. John Yonge. In asking Mr. C. E. Parker to take the chair, the Rev. John Yonge congratulated him upon pr.sieiug over the largest meeting they had had of the Warrington Free Church Council. Ho tolk it as an enceuraging sign of interest in their work. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN then called upoa the Rev. G. Harbottle to read the secretary's report. The SECRETARY said the Council had 22 churches in association with it. Quarterly meetings had been held during the year, and had been fairly well attended. The meetings had had the good , effect of making free churchmen known to e ich other, and had strikingly manifested their essen tial unity. (Hear, hear.) Whilst anxious to keep the free church movement on religious lines laid down by their leader, the Council had also interfered in public matters outside. They took action with good results in the last election of the Guardians for the poor—(hear, hear)—and also in relation to the propcge 1 transfer of the Feathers license to a house in Orford-lane. (Hear, hear.) The following resolution was pissed by the Council " That this Councl representing the free churches of Warrington, earnestly protests against the transfer of the license of the Feathers }awel t a hoase in Orford-lane, on the ground that the re asonable needs of the neighbourhood are already fully met by existing licenses, and that to increase facilities for drinking in that district i 4 against the hest interests of the people." That resolution had its weight along with other things in bringing about the rejection 'of the proposed transfer. (Applause.) There was a gratifying representation of free cherchnen in court on that occasion and a member of the Free Church Council for the first time in Warrington exercise his right as a ratepayer to protest against the transfer to the astonish- ment of some officials wile seemed unacquainted with that provision of the Licensing Act. At the begineing of the year the Council on the initiative of the president issued an address to the inhabitants of Warringtoa call- ing attention to the importance of public worship. The evangelical alliance week of prayer was kept and the week night services at the workhouse had been vigorously carried on. The Council had also done something to spread information on Free Church princi- ples among the people. A circular was issued among Sunday school teachers and me:nbers of Christian Endeavour Societies, Sire., calling their atten- tion to the subject. After referring to the distribution of other literature the report went on to say that the Council had arranged for the delivery of a course of lectures on Free Church principles. The executive had also decided to give all the support in their power to the Czar's peace manifesto. A public meeting in support of that movement would be held in Parr Hall on Mendsy week when Mr.W.T.Stead would speak. (Applause.) Toe Council also intended to organise a great demonstration in April next in commemmoration of the ter-centenary of the birth of Cromwell. (Applause.) By that time they all hoped the Cromwell statue would be on its pedestal. (Applause.) They clearly recognised the 'service rea- dered to the community by the free churchmen in the Council who moved and seconded the resoluti in in favour of accepting that statue. (Hear, hear and ap- plause.) The CHAIRMA.N, who had a cordial receptien, said Mr. W. P. Hartley, of Liverpool had at first conseeted to preside at; that meeting but in consequence of ill-health Ise wiis obliged to cancel his engagement, and conse- quently the committee had to turn to a lesser man. (Laughter, and no, no.) The speak e. made a touching reference to the death of Dr. Berry and said their sympa- thies as free churchmen went out to tie: family and to the friends Dr. Berry hid left ht-hini, and also to the church which he was directly connecte I with and of which he was a striking ornament and sueh a powerful force. They who were members &: the sister churches ' would wish in that meeting to rec)gnis the help and in- spiration which Dr. Berry's life had been to th,,m. It was Dr. Berry who once said that the argumentative age with its noble results was well-nigh over. That was very true. Their forefathers differed in point of creed, doctrine, church government, the administration of Vie sacrament and other things, but he thoui.,ht the questions which divided their forefather; had not to those who were living in the prssent day the same relative proportion. (Hear, hear.) It was rather the points of agreement—those thins which they could all agree about and meet on a common platf rin—which had come to be in their mind of far grsater impertanc 3 than the minor points which had in the past sleeratecl them. (Applause.) The Free Church Council was the embodiment of a great idea and a great thought. The %idea was that the moral force wlfch was in the Churches and which in separate Churches was somewhat shattered, should be gathered together and collectively they should being their moral force to bear on th(T power of evil. (Applause.) The Free Church Council was in its purpose and aim designed to carry out the great pur- pose for which the Lord Jesus Christ was manifested on the earth, and that was to destroy the works of the Devil. They needed to gather all their forces together and stand four-square against every power of evil and bring that moral force to bear upon every stronghold of evil. (Applause).

===== 0002601_18990217_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A INTFP, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17, 1899

===== 0002601_18990217_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEACE CRUSADE.

, •at ROUSING THE NORTH.

By W. T. STEAD.

The Crusade of Peace has had a splendid week —the best in many respects since the movement was proclaimed at the great meeting in St. James's Hall. London is giving abundant evidence of interest in the crusade, but it is in the provinces that our strength lies. The Far North of England has ever welcomed great ideas. Often it has given a lead to the rest of England on some question of moment. Its population is by nature one of fighters. Centuries of warfare with the tribes over the border have given a pugnacity to the Northern race which is not yet eliminated. The Tyne, which gives life to the whole district, is lined with shipyards in which huge war vessels are being constructed. The fame of the destructive weapons of Armstrong has travelled over the world. Half the population of Newcastle is directly dependent upon the great Elswick shipyard and ordnance works. Yet the meeting at Newcastle was one of the most rousing yet held. Earl Grey was primarily responsible for the fine gathering at the Town Hall in Newcastle. From the first he has thrown himself heart and soul into the Crusade. As soon as he placed himself at the head of the Northern movement its success was assured. He was accompanied on to the platform at the Town Hall by such a collection of public men as has not been seen in Newcastle for years. Old political friends who went different ways when the Liberal party was divided found themselves once more united in a common cause, and more than one former politician who has deserted public life came from his retirement to speak a word OR behalf of peace. If Newcastle was the centre of the Northern movement, Sunderland and Gateshead were barely less to the fore. The audience at Sunderland was a little cold at first, but before the meeting had finished it was splendidly roused. These fine gatherings had been preceded by a local effort at Burnmoor, over which the Earl of Durham pre- sided. He displayed some confusion of mind as to what the Peace Crusade is. At Darlington there was a capital meeting, with the Bishop of Durham on the platform, accompanied by several members of the Pease family, the devotion of which to every good cause is almost part of the history of the North.

Nothing quite like the enthusiasm of Scarborough and the neighbouring towns has yet been experienced. On Saturday and Sunday three huge meetings were held, and at the last it is calculated that there were not less than 3,000 persons present. There was no need to get up steam at any of these gatherings. The whole population seems inspired 'with the love of peace, and in the three meetings there was not a single voice raised up against the support of the Czar's proposals. Yet Scarborough is precisely one of those places of which a pro- fesaional organiser would be afraid. The tone of London on this great question of the arrest of armaments improves week by week. The best meeting that has yet been held in the metropolis was that at St. Martin's Town Hall. The fine room was filled to practically its full capacity, and the response to the speeches as hearty as could be desired. Mr. G. W. E. Russell delivered a speech full of good points. At the very close of the meeting new life was given to the audience by the enthusiastic eloquence of the Rabbi of the West End Synagogue, who, though not on the list of speakers, begged to be allowed to say a word on behalf of the Jews. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes was tremendously applauded. In short the meeting was in every respect notable beyond any which London has seen since tles onenina of the camnaien. At Westminster we did not do so well "A good meeting for Westminster" is the verdict of those who know the district. There is a world of meaning in the words. Westminster is one of the wealthy divisions of London in which there is the greatest difficulty in obtaining any public display on any question. It has a large business popula- tion, which migrates to the suburbs every night. Consequently, the task of organising a meeting of any kind is heavy. Yet, with no speaker of English reputation announced, the Westminster Town Ball was more than half filled, and those who were present displayed plenty of spirit and a keen appre- ciation of the object of the Czar. Very different to Westminster was the meeting in the Hampstead Vestry Hall. That building does not hold so many persons as that at Westminster, but it was packed to the doors, and the strength and enthusiasm of the audience was unmistakable. The veteran Dr. Newman Hall spoke with dramatic fervour, and referring to a letter from Mr. Brodie Hoare, M.P., in which the latter states) that he regarded the Czar's proposal as altogether impracticable, the great preacher declared that it was necessary even now to teach senators wisdom. If Mr. Hoare was against the Czar, that was not the case with a more distinguished resident in the neighbourhood. Sir Walter Besant wrote saying that if anything practical came of the Czar's proposal he should join the committee in rejoicing. So well has the. organisation of London gone forward that the Committee of the Crusade, which determined to devote all its attention to the Metropolis and to leave the provinces to look after themselves, now feels that London is assured, and that it can give time to the great towns which have not already arranged for meetings. The number of these is now comparatively few. Without any aid from the central office most of the provincial centres have thrown them- selves into the Crusade. Examples of the extent to which the provinces have organised themselves are furnished by the meetings at Darlington and Kidderminster, which were arranged locally, and carried through without the headquarters being aware of the intention to hold meetings. After the provinces will come Scotland. There the Crusade has so far made but little progress. A few meetings have been held, but there is no evidence that the new gospel df peace has been seized with avidity. No fear, however, is felt as to the result when once work is commenced. Scotland will be untrue to all her traditions if she is behind England in her devotion to a movement which makes for the elevation of mankind and for greater brotherhood among the nations. The metropolitan campaign is to be brought to a conclusion by a mass meeting in the Queen's Hall, which will probably be held during the first fortnight of March. This will be a rallying-point for the whole of London before the National Convention is held. The principal speakers will be Mr. John Morley and, I hope, the Bishop of London, who is, of course, chairman of the Crusade. The gathering should be a fitting end to the movement, which has swept across London. An address to the workers of all Continental countries has been drafted and approved by the Labour Committee of the Crusade. This will be placed before a great gathering of London working- men at St. Martin's Town Hall, on February 15th, to which the representatives of organised labour in the metropolis are offering splendid support. Mr. George N. Barnes, the secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, is to preside. The labour manifesto, signed by more than five hundred leaders of workmen of every shade of opinion, has now been scattered broadcast.

On the Continent the Peace movement is making progress. From England we are giving what aid we can to those who have the real battle to fight, but it is difficult to do this and not to offend foreign populations. Both in Germany and in France, however, local committees are at work, and the reports from the devoted workers who are giving themselves to the movement are full of evidence that progress is being made against every obstaclea

===== 0002601_18990217_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS

'NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledged to he the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare certain to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by, post from 13.13LANCLIARD, Forest Rd., Dalstou, London,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
D.6WILLIAMS' yip , 7 " INK jlhcs ; 01:1 Ea° P LIZ.'

(„4,1, Pills sold :oose or from glass jars old cannot be Pr. Williams', and won't GOP o cure you; substitutes never cured ere anyone ! ote d:39 2e4V "af4;6l*N 44 40 40 sIMVIA4)

===== 0002601_18990217_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
DARWEN WEAVER SAVED FROM CERTAIN DEATH.

A CONSUMPTIVE FAMILY.

It is a sad day for the Lancashire operative, whom disease or failing health overtakes. I have just beard at such a case (wrote a reporter in the Damen News). Mrs Rosanna Dardis, whom I called upon, is a mill operator, twenty-right years of age, and res des at 35, Nelson- street, Darwen, with her husband and two children, the latter aged respectively seven and five. " I must first of all tell you," said Mrs. Dardis, that my mother, brotaer, and sister, were all taken off by consumption, the last to die being my sister, a little over two years ago. Well, directly after, my turn seemed to have come. Gradually my appetite left me, and as day succeeded day so did my strength fail. This steady decline scoot on for six months. lam a weaver, and of course I had to leave my work, and was beginning to feel as though I couldn't last much longer. I had wasted away to skin and bone, and my surviving sista' had to do my housework for me, for I was like a chill ; I could scarcely walk, and was for days at a time in bed. Accompanying my helpless state of weakness was an incessant, racking cough, which shook ma terri- bly. The doctor told me he could do me no good, and I had properly given myself up. My friends thought I was rapidily following my sister. I became so weak that I could with difficulty gst about, when a friend of mine told me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I said that I was sick and tired of trying things. However, any husband bought two boxes. After I had taken half-a-box I felt as though I were made over again ; when I had taken three boxes I went back to the mill."

" I suppose your fellow-workers were rather sur prised F" "Yes, indeed ; I never thought I should go thEre IS again. I kept on taking the together I i/2 tookhb ao xd e boxes. c . I ofi have a e. ( \ sion to have tphi el l El cat" call since. " But I told him about my cure.".he con- \ tinu(d, "and when I meet him in the street, as 1 do - Eometimes, he '...F..:., smiles in a knewineway." Mrs. Dardis then went on to say she had a brother in Preston who also had derived great tenefit from taking the pills, which alone were re- pcnsible for him being able to remain at his work.

ueity that they were aiming at. It was the deal who aeree I. (Lau!ht er.) But they were realising that beeeath all their f. rms of theological thinking was a spi-itu d unity sehieh was more than polity and ecc!eeiasticism. (Applause.) That did not mean that the thinge wbih seperated them were of no account. They were of account and they were new going to pretend there was nothing they dis- be-leeed about. (H ear, hnar.) Every ereat denomination poesssied a special truth of its own or else it held a truth in a special way which passed on it the oblieation to go on living. Truth was too big for any s'nele delotnination to hold it all. There never was a time wneu such a movement was more needed than it was to-lay. Thee were not afraid of Rome. (Hear, hear.) They had no desire to fight the Pope in any other way than by proving themselves to be better Christians than he was. They were afraid of no adyanee of Romaniern in this country S 3 long as it flew under the flag of the Vatican. In this important question it was not a matter of candles. It was a (rouble question politically whether this country was going to be ruled by an old gentleman who lived i s the Vatican or whether it was going to be a land in which freemen dwelt; and a question spiritually as to whether between the penitent sinner and the heart of God there should come the risen Lord of light and life or whether the approach shou'd be barrel by the figure of a perjured priest. (Hear, hear.) When they flew Remeniam masquerading in the 'guise of Protestant- ism and Remanism capturing the churen established by the State that was another matter, and against that they needed to maintain their protest, and against that they needed to fight. In Liverpool there were priests and assistant priests who went about in garments that were "fearfully and wonderfully made." Just in the eery moment when the new woman was emancipating herself from petticoats the male successors of the ape Ales were putting them on. (Laughter.) They were justifying a d mend upon the grammarian of the future for a new sex definition. (Laughter.) Without that they would have to speak of men, women, and curat-s. (Laughter.) The offensive manners, the im- pertinence, the arrogance and insolence of the half educated and underbred curate passed all bounds of de- cency. What was the meaning of the Education policy or the Present Government? It was the determination of the clerical party to nobble education in the interests of clericalism. It was the deter- mination of the clerical party to stamp out Nenconformity. The rule of the priest had cursed every nation where the priest had gone. (Hear, beer.) The approhrium of the ages gathered round the word prier. And what was it that their Nonconformity so id for ? I-, stood for the stalwart love of stalwart men for liberty. It stood for the freedom of the sours approach to God, without church or creed or catechism, or ritualism or peiest. They knew nothing about special order e. They stood for the freedom of the ministry, of tee whole Church of God and of every man and woman lei it. They never stood, cap in hand, knockieg at the door of the Vatican asking it to recognise the validity of their orders. (Applause.) Nonconformity might not give them a handle to their name and social advantages but it developed men and made nations. (Applause.) Mr. WILLIAM ROBERTS proposed a vote of thanks to the speakers, the Chairman, the choir and its connecter (Mr. Brow-eh). In doing so he sail they had had a very happy and very successful meeting. As had been already remarked they were met there as free churchnitin and he supposed they would have to agree to differ on some minor points. (Hear, hear.) He approved of every- thing that had been said with one excention, and to that he would refer in a very brief way. He should be very sorry indeed to think tit at party politics meant seeking place and power. (Hear, hear.) Some of the greatest men who had lived in this country had sacrificed place and power for what they believed to be right and true, and if he thought that those who pulled the wires of the Liberal party did so for the mere sake of gaining place and power he would wash his hands of political warfare entirely. (Applause.) The Rev. CHARLES FINCH seconded the vte of thanks. Dr. GORNALL said he did not come to that meeting to Cause discord. He-attended it because it was a meeting after his own heart. He noticed the Rev. Gamble Walker had gone to catch a train, and therefore he did not wish to say anything behind his hack. Me would however, say that he dissented frem the remark which inferred- that his political friends were workine for their own ends. He wonted go so far as to say that he believe] the Marquis of Salisbury was a good man, and one to whom the remark would no apply. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The Rev. JOHN YONGE thlllght they had every reason to be gratified with the meeting. It had been in point of numbers, interest, and enthusiasm tee best Free Church rnee:ing Warrington had seen. (Applause) It was a matter to be regretted that even by a THOU com- plete and perfect accident a wrong note was struck by one of the sneakers. He leokel upon him as a brother Christian minister, and felt perfectly sure that nothing was furneer from his intention than to a say a word which would effend the sensibilities of any person pre- sent. (Applause.) He most sincerely hoped that hi 3 friends Alderennn Roberts, Mr. William Roberti, and Dr. Ger len would look upon it in that light. Personally h did not agree with the statement which he understo-el was made, although he did not hear the remerk. as his attention was occupied at the time with semething else. The vote was unanimously carried. The CHAIRMAN ire responding said he was sorry he had to exercise his prerogative and stop Alderman Roberts. The meeting might easily get into confusion if every one who differed from the speaker was to rise whilst he wal speaking and express that difference. Persoreally he dissented from the statement made, and he was in- clined to think the speaker put it a little more strongly than he meant ta do. The incident, however, had occupied a greater place in the proceedings than it ought to have done, and he hoped they would carry away wilh them thee message of the speakers. ( eppleuse.) The Rev. JOHN YONGE thee pronounced the benedic- tion and the meeting terminated.

,- • /( -r, • Ryfii) , . till, li' 1)114 1 I \\l , 1

===== 0002601_18990217_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
• • it . • ' V

A' • tt,..9 i' . evlak2, re of

1 nsg All '79 9

JAMES W.

C. JATE R.

There are many vaions why Scott's Emulsion is 83 effectual in coughs, colds, and all affections of the throat and lungs. After inserting a letter from a gentbqn-n who was very weak from an acute attack of tonsilitis, we will WI you why Scott's Emulbion has so mary uses. Mr. Jater's mar is as follows :

"Montrose L,Age, "Truro-read, Wood Green, N., " June Bth, 1898

" Gentlemen,—l had a very severe attack of tonsilitis, and was just on the verge of diphtheria. I could not walk for days, owing to the loss of strength. Being advised ta take Scott's Emulsion, I did so,and after three bottles I found I had gained my lost strergth and energy, and now I am pleased to say lam quite well again. I was very pleased with the taste of Butt's Emulsion, and think it very palatable. I think your v4uable prep tration cannot be too highly recommended.—Yours very truly. _ _

" (Signed) JAMES W. C. JATER."

" think your valuable Preparation cannot be too highly recommended."

Scat's Emulsion contains cld-liver oil, glycerine and the hyplphosphites of lime and soda, blended into a perfect and palatable emulsion that does not- tax digestion. Co l-liver oil and glycerine are b3th specifics for affections of the throat and lungs, and the glycerine is also of great advantage because it assists in a quick obsorption of the oil into the blood; hence, by making this combination, we not only soothe the inflamed membranes, but we also enrich the blood with propenies which give strength and vitality t 3 the whole system. To hypophosphites aid digestion, feed the nerves, and ats:st ia the geoeral.building up of the b3cly. _ . . . _

Scott's Emulsion is approved of highly by the medical profession, physicians de?laring that it is the best form of co.!-liver in the world. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

You may obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to elver postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95, Great Saffron Hill, Landcn, E.C., and mentioning this paper.

preacher whose address was particularly for young men introduced his sermon by referring ;to the writer of his V xti,an.i said the nation of which he was destined to be the ruler was in the high noon of its greatness. Solomon's public life promi;ed well, and he was the founder of the first temple of Zion, and ofTerei the first prayer to-its dedication and that prayer revealed a sin- cere and devout nature. He became all a man could be, and gathered all a man could in this world to make him happy, and when he had done so he wrote' a sermon hi which he tried to tell what it was all worth. That set. moo was the book of Ecclesiastes and the burden of ita message was" all is vanity !" The preacker gave an epitome of the sermon and showed how the writer dipped jet ) fatalism and tried to show that life was a will-of-the-;visp. A heavy, solemn, minor note was heard in nearly every sentence,and the preacher pointed out that this miserable estimate of life made the bpok one of the most difficulc to understand ha the bible. Many pious jews in the time of Jerome thought that the blok ought to be destroyed because it was so full of cl, nials and p3ssimism, and half- truths. It could no be denied that this estimate of Solomon's had ben the result of his making his own will and passions the acts of his life. The preacher theft referred to the moss brilliant men : statesmen, poets and men of rank and fame, and showed how this morbid pessimism paralyses the forces of the mind and soul, and which asks "Is life worth living ?'

414- _,•••e.\;l',.. '1 : : 4 •,,i; ,\‘‘ '''N'•,,,,:\,,..,1\i\t,.,*-:---77-------,.%7•••,..,b, _ ' ..." A't, -,. :: ti•v,\l'.:•;,„.. ;, s': i ~,,' `N •,.. -•-:- i'l/4\ \C\Ni.... ••••,',.- sr.',.• • )'•'••``..\, k7,,'‘ ' *4-4,-,',:`--. -':'•,.-,:- ,-_-*l'-'2i...-''.... '.': , ..:-..', lf: '•.-- - ' •.'4411";•.'•;----, -'-- • -7•-• ' .` 4% ' ' P.',:•., -,-_,--..„:„,4,.4,,,,•, - ..-....=•-•*.,.'•...-..' : ac, ‘ ~,••••,-:7•i• ~`•', , 1 I‘l l , ...........t., -.-..... .. ‘,-, \ • V. -a•-3,,,•t.,‘,1' .!'4.: ~4., 5.1,.<•.',..Ztt..?;;'",.',4.1,N4; 1 ~ .....: .... ....... . :.-, ..,- ..3t,t-i-i,%;,..' ;', -•-•''' , •-:-...-....- 7.Y.----.-,.„ . _.,.,:a...•..,. :,...,.,-,.-J,..:;,,e2.., %,!.-.,,5.,,,-,-, I x.--------------. -.-.- ..., .. _ ~-.-.,..::-.- c.- --------;.-S#'-.:': '::t••,itWtfri.,--- : •••• . - ...:::::.:::::::.-:::::::.::'.. . ',- . , \ :.•,.....*.•.Y.....' ........::::-'". i ''' .:' \ .:.,:•.4...,-,:-.Y:--:.•-• -,i- • ;:•::::',......!••"-',...*-7,0 ~!," ::::.:.: ::::::-::::::::::::.- -.• r ,:,...,......,,,,(J, i.::.:::.....:.........::.::.........:..„:„.....:.. ...................... .„4„.. ......:::.::::::::::::::.:.::e::::::...::::.::::.:::.:::.::•:.: • ~,,,,ii,....;......:....:.:.:.::::::::::::::...:::.::.::.:...:.:........:....„... •.••• ••..••.••. ••• ....................,.. . „,,;...„..t,......,..,„:„.:::........:.........:.5::.:::::::.:::::.::.:.::.:........ " ."".., ,iitt, ............................... ::::::::::::::::.........:::::::::::::::::::..... ~.,1,,,„ ~......,.............:„........:.., „...:...........,,.....,..,. .....:.::::...::::::..:.:.;,:.:::.:.:..:.:•....:.,\ ...:::::::::::.::::::.:::::::::!:,' Ai .!")i"..• ,:•••:::::•;":-..*: ' • ••%•;:'''.: ---- .'".••:ii;••:•••::::••••-- ...::::.:.:i:.:*:::*:::.;:::::::::::::i., s ''. .y. . ~. :".:-..," :.:::::':::::::::::••:, ..4-::::::::":•:::•:::.::::::•%,...•\\ . ..:•.::::::.:..:.:•:•::.:.:::•:•:•:•:•:•;"::, , ‘A. _ ;,::::::::::,•••:::-...... •::::::::::•-i::::-.••:•:•:•••::.:•?,..A‘ . ..:.:•;;....::.:.::::•:•••:.:•:-:•:•:•:•:•:•:•:•7? ,-:-:-,:,...7,--, , ; '.,::•:,•••••::"...*:-:•:'. ••••••••••••••••.,•,•:•••••• • • •••••••••,..•....•••. „.•::::::::•:••••::•:•••,:•%'•••• , - , .:.::.::::::::::?;::::;;::>:,:, ~:,;•.......," './ -.,'":-: . :-::::::::::::::::::i'::::':':' .. ~7,,,1. ;7?::::::-::-.:::2::::::::::.:.....: • .••. • • • • ....:::::::::::::::::::•:•.: '::::.0...:,-,--->.:' -: - ''. .:::.........::..: :•.*:.:,:•::• ." —.••••••••••••• ..•.:. • ,:::•::::::::::::::,..;:/•:<*/ : .„,:)::-_,-::. ....,:.:::.:•••:•:•:::::•;:;.-- • •::::::::•:•:•:•::•:•;:•:-,:?:-•;:: ::.:•:-:.:•:•:•:•:•:y 1 .•:,::::::::,:if:::;i: : ••• • ;',:, ,V ;A:•:•••;••:••:••:,............. •:::::.:::•::•:",;', 1,,„ ::.:•••••..t.....,., / / SiN e*'_it• , /....f.•:::::::::-1:::.:::::•::::::.% .54,1%-rt / .-'1:7::::::•::::•""•:-.,:••••••••••• " / •••''''.. .• ',::: .•;.::•:•:•:::::, /4 / ~,,.,,,,., . ..,. ...._ ~. ..._ -,,.., • kri- .-- ,-..-:::.:.::. .....:........,., ...,,,..., /4,-.;,..,. 4- ', ----',..-A :, --------t - -,ir 4 ,-,- .A' ' ''''•• • • . • :' --- -f-';'-'...' . t ,' :••••••• •.'• • • • • .. , .... 7,144+1!;,1,-.,*, , ~ _:_s'• .. ''', ...-1• '.., ~,,•:----- ~,,''- ;,,,' ')§'•!1 •.* '' ' •'•:::*:•:::: .. " .• ' - -:- .......::•:....r, (4 .- ''S;i6 '• -r - - -1,-,-- ,- - ....-- -•-- -"-"•, ../•• f1,,..1, . eili , •'• . •••:,••••• ' .. ••• ;•'.... V , 4:43, .I. •' • P'12,14V-_,-' •«- •-• ' --•••0,---IN •'-* 411-frift' . '''''''' : ':i.::::•:::.:70, ‘1.4. `_-.4-.,1,t--'27--,,t,'•'-'•;;,,i,- At.Z,-...-1:1;:. ••:. ;1 isli2/%, 4 ' '`• , ;Ai " 1 f--0,,,y6- ,:i,,,:i•-•- ::. . : "--;,- *t.:7'—r-4` .i...,:;;;,', "..i414.71,44 ,t/,',' 41.(//7 ,i/liyiikt.• i ~40,0leifil;11:-: ''./••• ,"` A-4 -.,;- •-,.:;!-4i.,.;..-----,-.-:---.----,,-:::::.:,:t,.,,:°:---:v ,/,, .- hvgi, ~/.m? if /,,::..y.:,......::: -, ' ,7''.4/1,;(///'-t .!'..":1:•-..,..::::::•::::::::.:.?:::•::::•....:•:, 4,,,c /: , i,„/ / >7 i " iii.'"....*:•••.:::1:. ~,,'. '/7 'oii ' - „",:,:::::::•::::::::::: -::: .. -...:: :::::•.::- ;ix/ "-Aix l''' i • 4/7, ////::::;.!...*•:::::•:: ~..., •'',,27,- .. . s. „ ..... . . . . .... ;,::::::::::•:::::::::::4:::•:•::.,:,.,.... •,, / // e i /// "il.•:;.:11 / / / / . , ~ ~..\:.:•:•: •• . :::: ..... .•••• •.••, / , : i .A.,:......... , ~,. ,-,.:::::::.•::::::::.::..........:..::s:::.::::.' /7 1 ~,' ~..,..................:.::.:...:............ x r / „1,.•::::::•:,...-:. . . ••....„ ..... , .. .• . , .. .. :::•,;(,e ///:,, / i. ~•:;•::..'•,::::•:.•::::::::::::...•:•:.......,.......;:i.::.., / / , ..••.• ..•.....• b ,4.1.7,:,........••••• ..i.... 5....*.::'::-::::.:::::!...!%77./ • ~./..•••••••••••:/.................,•y;IW ....•• ..••..,.. 4 / .., ~...,...„.....„..........,........„...........:.. ........... ..........„,.............................................. ..„:„.......„:„..........././.... ..........,:„..............„............„........ / , .„/„...„.....„:„:„..::::::............,........... . .:.:,..„:„...........:„:„............................................„,............,....,<.:.:::::„...,....,..„,.:,,:„,„:„„...„...„:::::...„:„......„..„.s.,:::::::::::::::::-..:.: ..,..‘,...,..„::::::::.:......::.:.:.:„.....„:„....::....:.......................5.,.........,.................,.......::,:.:„:„:„,:,....,:................,:,„......,..,....,..:,..,.....

===== 0002601_18990217_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CRURCHES.

LOOKING BACKWARD.

" Leoking backward—A glance at some facts in the history of our race, bearing on the present situation" was the title of the lecture on Sunday in the Christa- delphian Room, by Mr. S. F. Willson, of Stockport. In looking at the present situation with regard to ourselves, Mr. Willson averred that our knowledge of the past was due solely to what had been r.corded, and that of the future we know nothing, excepting what the Bible reveals. They would have beard the observation when a man had (lei " He knows the great secret now," but the Bible says "The dead know not anything." Going back to the time of Christ. he showed how the enemies of Jesus spoke of Him, and what the work done by Him and his disciples consi‘te3 of, i.e., the preaching of the Gospel, or "The Kingdom of God" for the terms were inter. changeable. The disciples uuierstood Christ was to be King of Israel, and to rule the nations ; but they under- stood not that he was to die first, but they preached the Gospel—under Christ's directions—without under- ' standine the latter fact. After showing the reason why it was necessary for Christ to suffer, the lecturer stated that naturally they knew nothing, but from childhood by observation, perception, imitation, school and work I they acquired knowledge, and spiritually they knew 1 norhing apart from revelation and they could only get knowledge by degree from God's text book. Some men I would claim to study Gcd in nature and the results Darwinian fol:owed for Christ could be known by revelation only. Jesus Christ's words were "Whosoever shall not receive the Kingdom of God as a little child.he shall not enter therein." They could not commence with deep theological matters first. They must commence at the rudirnen's or they would resemble a person trying to understand Euclid. before he knew his alphabet. Locking further back to the time of Adam, Mr. Willson examined the entrance of sin into the world, and death by sin. Adam made a way into the grave, and Christ opened the way from the grave. He asked them to cast aside their fancies and theories and take the word in its simplicity as did the Bereans. They could have eternal life by seeking for it, and accepting God's condition,for "God will render to every man accercing to his deeds : to them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality eternal life.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FAREWELL SERMON OF THE REV. A. A. MARKHAM.

On Sunday even'ng lite Rev. A. A. Markham, who has been appointed vicar of St. Jude's Church, Hard- wick-street, Liverpool, to which living he was in- ducted on Thursday evening, preacked his farewell sermon in St. Clement's Mission Church, Bank-street. There was a very large congregation, every seat being ercupied. The preacher selected for his text the words, " Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gos- pel of Christ : that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the Gospel." Philippians i. 27. The rev. gen- Veman remarked that they were, in the town of War- ring, proud of being Lancashire people, and still more of , being Englishmen, but he was sure they realised that it was prouder still to be a citizen of Christ's heavenly , kingdom. They had need in the public life of the Church to" stand fast "in one spirit, when they read the news- payers from day to day, sometimes laden with such slanderous tales, and when they saw that such a delight , was taken in creating crises. There were people who appeared to take a delight in raking up these things and showing them in lights they ought never to bear. They must not be affrighted by those things, as there were two sides to every question. Alluding to tli3 forth- coming departure, Mr. Markham said his three prayers tor them were that their manner of life might be as be- come th the Gospel of Christ, that they might be at one amongst th ,mselves, and that they might have the courage to strive together against all their enemies for the precious faith of the Gospel committed to them. One oked back at the years spent together, and he remem- bered most vividly all the kindnesses he had received frem them, also the times of depression and times of in- terse happiness, when schemes had been successfully carried through. He would say it honestly, but he had learnt from them more than they had learnt from him. Close friendship had arisen, but be did not think they tad finished ; they were too close to be broken by the slight change he saw before him. He also remembered the vast amount of work that had been left undsne, al- th,u2n in the generosity of their hearts they always thr_u?ht s kindly of clergymen ; they were usually re- inerulered, and that wal a comfort. Ha would make one reqwst, and it was a simple orie, namely, that they would not torget him in their prayers,for he would need them vc ry sorely when he got to his strange and large parish. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL. At this place of worship on Sunday evening there was an excellent: congregation, including a large nuinhcr of 3 ming people. The Rev. H. G. Roberts took as his text Vanity of vanities l" Eccles. 1 chap. 2 verse. Tno

===== 0002601_18990217_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE • .psE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Live* Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed en earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 744 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this paper. (COPYRIGHT.

*SOME TEAS ARE GOOD, ow- Aigh 80ME ARE BETTER I * * BUT THE BEST ARE BROOKE, BONDS'. Aye. Britain knows that " BROoIEE. * BONDS' TEA. IS BitITIIN si BEST" 2.030,000, yes, two-thousand times a *• thousand of the shrewdest peoole in the * Kingdom drink 13,011 CE. 13,niDS' TEL eva'y dar. Do you want any better pro3f of 'he valus of our tea than lir that one s3lid fact? if so, send to our .*nearest Agent for a four-penny sample- packet of our celebrated Is. 4d. That will * prove its own y*lue, and you will then * * convince yo:irself.

OUR AGENTS are ever:where cad sell our tete at prices ist * to suit ad peupie anis(' purses.

. -- ,fr. 10d., 11-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- ilk ...v.- 2/4) & 2/8 a lb. 77 Z 24K __._.4 21, BROOKE, BOND & CO S_` -..- _ Limi.ED, ~,* Tea Mernbantq by Appointment to * The People. Ark *Tint LANCASHIRE TEA. WAREHOUSES: ...‘,, 17, PICCADILLY, AND 1 MA.N- Api ..A...12 & 14, LONG ,lILLGATE, 5 CHESTER, JP' ~ AND AT * LEEDS, AND AND LONDON. 4IE * ISE; * * * * * -21 g - *.1 We

===== 0002601_18990217_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
rim 44 era Miner " eirtts

ON LANOASHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPYPERS:. Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-CheshireExaminer, pub- Ushad every Saturday morning. TEarlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday Rftkrnoon. TuE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday mornings

===== 0002601_18990217_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PERPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, . SITUATIONS VACANT. PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRITATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLr.

One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18990217_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiewatt Otthants,

WANTIM an experienced General 31312VANT.—A.pp1y 13, SPRINGFIELD-STREET, Warrington.

WANTED strong GIRL, for Farmhouse, 17, or 18,— Apply to Mrs. BARER. Fox•lane, Leyland.

NET-ANTED, good COOK-GBNERAL, with references.— V Write or apply BALDER/MORE VICARAGE. Rochdale.

Ar ANTED, a good General SREVANT. able to cook and wash.—Apply ILLILWAY HOTEL, Garawoqd, near Wigan.

NVANTED Strong GENERAL, able to plain cook fond of children.—Apply Mrs. DENT, 14, Cross-street, Sale, Cheshire.

-IA7 ANTED, a strong GIRL. about .15. for house and shop V T work; live in.—Apply 171. BASTBANIE-STREET, __

Southport.

WANTED, good COOK-GENERAL ; references required; good wages.-4, HARGREAvEs-RoAD, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTED, a Good GENERAL SERVANT at once, with reference.—BniolcuAKEns' Anms, idill•strect, Brad- ord, Manchester.

AV ANTED at once, good plain COOK or Cook-General; Y Housemaid kept; reference required. Apply, J.C., Bank, Atherton.

AVANTED, an Experienced GENBRILL. with good eharactec ; washing put out.-13, DOVER ROAD. Birk- dale. Southport.

WANTED. good GENERAL; wash; plain cooking; wages £l5; small family.—Apply 32, EAST DANSE EITELEET, Southport.

WANTED, respectable GIRL ; (17 to 18) ; for housework ; small family.—Mrs. HoaToN, 130, Carter-street, Greenheys, Manchester.

WANTHD GENERAL, wages according to age; three children, youngest 12. Mrs. HIRST, School Terrace, Marsden, Huddersfield.

WANTED. thoroughly respectable GIRL to assist lady with housework ; age 16 to 18 ; good home.-31, SPRINGFIELD-ROAD. Sale.

WANTED General SERVANT, age 18 to 20; mai family, no children. Write or apply, 14, WESIERN DRITE, Graasendale, Liverpool.

WANTED, a good strong GIRL, 16 or 17; to assist in house work generally.—Apply Mrs. '.laomsB LEY- LAND, 15, Powell•street, Wigan.

QERVANTS of all Classes suited daily with good HOMES. —Borromr.EY's Begiotry, Morley-street, Bradford Yorks. Enclose stamp reply.

WABTBD, a PLAIN COOK, small family; waitress and housemaid kept; state wages and full partfeulars to Mrs. DICKSON, Springfield, Chester,

NVANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT ; willing to wash; good references.--Apply or write, PURDY. 2, Crump- sail Green.Crumpsall, Manchester.

NTV ANTED, good GENERAL ; age 18 to 24 ; comfortable home ; good wages to suitable girl. Apply TIPPING, Thornhill Place, Bradford, Yorks. WANTED, for Doctor's Housa, CGOK-GRNERAL ; housemaid keot.—Apply with references, Mrs CHARTERIS, Hfpperholme, near Halifax.

1 ADY wishes to meet with ORPHAN GIRL. 15, to train J_J for housework, would be nicely treated, good wages —Write LADY, Lower House. Fox-lane, Leyland.

NvANagDboGmIeRL. ta,,solar rallintLy.forzaFrsa.rigEousssue4RcEonsflot- Green, (Mont= cum-Hardy. near Manchester.

'WANTED, a eood GENERAL SERVANT; wages £ls. Apply Enon LODGE, Bury New-road (corner of Murray-street), Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED young homely PERSON for Farmhouse, for all duties, honest and trustworthy, four in family.— Address CAMBASRAw FARM, Great He ton. neAr

--Y- - _ - A/lii ANTED, GENERAL, ilk:, under 30; must bs able to wash and iron ; abstainer and honest ; wages 245. per month.—Apply KAY, Bootmaker, Tithebaru-road, South- port.

WANTED COOL about 25 ; clergyman's family of three; country house parlourmaid kept; at stainer preferred. Wages, full particulars, to Mrs. RELToN, Hope, Minsterley, Shrewsbury.

...‘,V ANTED, good plain COOK, or one who has been kitchenmaid ; Protestant; own kitchens, but help given ; must have good reference.—Apply by letter, Mrs. CARR. Broxton. Lower Hall, Chester.

WANTED, GRNBR.II., for privAte house, with small family ; from 20 to 26; must have good character ; liberal wages paid to a steady girl. —Address to Mrs. MULLER, 46, Station-road, South Shore. Blackpool.

WANTBD, MINERAL, not under 30; must be able to wash and Iron ; abstainer and honest ; wages 245. per mouth.—Apply XA.To Bcotmaher, Tithebirn-road, South- pert.

mALE and FEMALE NURSES TITTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr • Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON SECOND GENERAL TRADES AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, PARR HALL, WARRINGTON, APRIL IST. TO 29211. 1899. UNDER DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE. The Management have pleasure in offering the sum of TEN POUNDS FOR COMPETITION, as follows : FIVE POUNDS for the Best Rano on "How to further Improve the Trade of Warrington.' FIVE POUNDS for the Best Essay on " The Best Means to be adopted for lieviving any Ancient Industry of the Borough No entrance fees. Competitors must reside in Warrington, Essays to be written on one side of the paper only, and not to exceed 500 wards. Essays. marked " Eisay, Trade Ex- hibition," to be sent direct to Mr. Councillor Bennett, C.A., Market-gate, Warrington, who has kindly consented to act as adjudicator,and whose decision will be final. IMPORTANT NOTICE TO INTENDING EXHIBITORS. The number of applications for space has already exceeded up to date those of last year ; consequently, V; avoid dis- appointment, immediate appli •ation ie necessary. Prospectus and plans upon application. Parr Hall. Warrington W. J. HOOPER, Manager.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHASTE% CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Szc., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles.

Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment.

Pull particulars from GEORGE PLA.NT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall,

Manchester, or to

Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrinebam. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
DONT FORGET THAT

HILL AND CO's., LUNG BALSAM IS THE BEST THING YOU CAN TAKE IF YOU CATCH COLD THIS CHRISTMAS BOTTLES, 70. AND is. HILL AND CO., CHEMISTS, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• jA.IA NCHESTER GRAM MAN, SCHOOL.

PEE £4 4s. PER TEEM

The NEXT TERM begins TLIEDAY. JAN 17th, 1C;99. ENTRANCE IiXAMINATION, MONDAY. JANUARY ~ 16th, 1899, at 9 a.m. ; Prorpectuses, Forms of Application, d:c., may be had at ) the School. 4 k Ni.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, 'it 4I a tuated In Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver,

LET, Large SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE. best I_ stand. Bridge-street, Earlestown. suitable for any bust- new; except Grocer. Butcher or Draper.—Apply P. J., 31, Bridge-street, E‘riestown.

T. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS ARIBLS, AND OTHER MAKES

OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRID4R-STRBET, WARRINGTON

PRINTING PRLN ING •

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES

PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES,

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Single Sheet sft. Sin. by Mt. 91n. THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRE PLACARD may be foamed by joining number of the "LEVIATHAN" Sarrrs.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .1 7, • '! ' •

===== 0002601_18990217_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
balesl rtbatt Ereatp.

*alts bp 13r,bate Treatp.

II !4: EXAMINER. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17 1899

===== 0002601_18990217_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE AT ONCE TO

J. WILLS, & CO., 51, SPROUL-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M &DAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS STORES . DAIRY, WARRINGT ON. FRESH MIL TWICE DAILY,

KIM MILK FROM 11 a.m.

FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON TIIE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream eold in JARS of Lvarious3l sizes. FRESE. F oUPPLIED MILL

===== 0002601_18990217_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
eyrie%

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH BBXBS SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPERO°

AND FREE FROM CARFS. INVALUABLE INFOX3,IATION SENT FREE on Receipt or Stamped Envelope.

E C 0 M IiNDED BY A P2tCjivIINENT 13ROFESSOR,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COOPER AND CO's

===== 0002601_18990217_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CELEBRATED

MILD CURED SMOKED HAMS.

MILD CURED SMOKED HAMS.

EVERY HAM GUARANTEED.

LEAN AND WELL FLAVOURED.

P7l 61 2D., 7D., AND 20. PER LB.

THE FINEST VALUE OFFERED;

===== 0002601_18990217_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL BRANCH

4, B U TERMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTONI

.I,Valti; (,:iitritOil.

BY MR. WILLIAM EILIS.

THE EXAMINER.

FEBRUARY riM, 299.

IT is generally admitted in Common sense this country that for every wrong ard there is a remedy, and that Parlia. ment, as CORE said, can do everything but change a man into a woman. It is just as generally and wisely conceded that every anomaly and anach- ronism cannot long withstand argument and com- mon sense. Yet we have Mr. BALFOUR, who is nothing if not philosophic, positively saying that we should be "absolutely insane if we sought to fundamentally alter the House of Lords. Th case stands thus. Household suffrage is the basis of political power, and the House of Commons is the place of political initiative. How is the popu- lar Chamber to be harmonised with the House of Lords, in which the overwhelming majority is of hereditary qualification? That is the problem, and it recurs with every change which gives us a Liberal Government. There is thus a danger to be feared and faced. The Lords are" amenable to public opinion" when it happens to be Conservative; they are hostile when it happens to be Liberal. This cannot be indefinitely continued without violent wrenches and much disturbance. Mr. BALFOUR thinks the House of Lords preserves us from "violent floods and ebbs of public opinion.P It does nothing of the kind. There was a big Con- servative reaction in 1874, and an equally big Liberal reaction in 1880. There was a huge Union- ist movement in 1886 and in 1895. The Lords did nothing to create or to check these floods and ebbs. The flood of 1895 has been helped by the Lordsl, It has neither checked Irish land legislation nor compensation to injured workmen, though in the latter case it mutilated a Liberal bill in 1893, and passed a more drastic measure in 1897. The ab- solute lunacy, it seems to us, consists in believing that with increasing democracy the power of the hereditary Chamber can be fully maintained. The House of Lords has little real revisory power. It can throw out a Home Rule Bill, but it has not settled the question involved. It has sanctioned Irish Local Government, and on that basis will be erected the coming Irish Parliament. Indeed, the House in question has its own floods and ebbs, its panics alai its languors. Big social questions touch its members, and their feelings and interests impel them to resist. Hence it is the work of common sense and not of lunacy to provide for an outlet, without such a costly and tumultuous affair as a general election. The Constitution demands this readjustment, and if it be not provided for in quiet times there will be a revolution, and the second Chamber will go. As a matter of fact, the House of Lords is the only unreformed Upper Chamber in Europe, and the Conservatives stand by it from purely party motives, because it mitigates defeat when they are overthrown, and is but mildly remonstra. tive when they enter into large reforming compeit titions. Hence the arguments of Monday, and the acquiescence of the existing political majority. The true wisdom is to avoid these extremes,and it can only be done by providing the means whereby the existing majority can obtain its will in a con- stitutional and an eminently pacific manner. We Are in no way depressed that M a House of Com- mons of three-hundred and twenty-eight memberg two hundred and twenty-three decided against a elan for over-riding the veto of the House of Lords. Such a change is bound to come, or tke House will be swept away. Peers themselves will come to sect during the next century, that this is a safer plan than obstinate resistance and dissolutions. At any rate, the country will have to face the ques- tion at the next election.

TILE expansion, the glory, thThe e Distractions of c3mmercial gains of Empire seem to be just now attract., ing more than ordinary attention. Questions are asked to determine individual attitudes towards the Empire at large. There is an effort to mak* new divisions and to invent new political titles and to treat home affairs as of relatively small ira.4 portance. It is obvious that there is little times though there is more necessity than ever, to cona eider the distractions of Empire. These distracd tions do not lessen, and they are not likely te lessen, because what we call an Empire is a caeca tion of States and dependencies, bound together by no well-defined organisation, and contributing little or nothing to common objects. For many years tolcome,the organisation of this vast Empire will require the best thoughts of the Ind

L. Od Ca. Od. OA. Od.

?vertiSO

COl-11.. .ho is ; that ;lit to Th. basis Dns is

popu• LSO of is of

iberal )üblic

beral. thout 31r..

Is did 1 ebbs.

3, and le ob- eying

tioned vill be d, the bs, its

s this )vided !Aim, Ls a the

arope, rurel y when

jority. and it lereby a COll.

. We Como mbera :Ist a

Lords. is will to see, r plan 5. At ques•

y, the ]rnpire ;tract*

ns are wards mak a titles

istraca ely t 0 30110 C.

`minds. There are- boundaries to settle, forts to build, railways to make, ports to improve, tariffs to adjust, commerce to develop, feuds to assuage, and local to harmonise with Im- perial rights, to say nothing of the enormous duty of Imperial defence. We must expect less and less attention to domestic affairs, fewer organic changes, and a certain feverish weakness, due to exhaustion and excess of anxiety. Crofters in Scotland will attact less attention than a revolt in Uganda, the development of Ireland will be subordinate to the populating of the Soudan. Problems of local government will be neglected whilst we discuss municipal reform in Calcutta. The cost of living to the industrial poor at home will be pushed aside to examine the prevention of famine in India. How to develop ' Canada becomes of superior importance to the decline In our cotton and woollen and tinplate industries. How can we seriously deal with a reform of the House of Lords when we are busy over the ruling of Rhodesia, the future of Wei-hai-Wei, the federation of Australia, and the reorganisation of the Empire? What prospect is there of seriously and continuously taking education in hand whilst we are setting up a Gordon College at Khartoum and distracting ourselves with the results of educa- tion in India? We obtain an insight into the working of these Imperial distractions in the .current situation. Her Majesty's Ministers are beset with problems abroad, of almost every kind, and so they are compelled to excuse themselves for a non-heroic sessional programme. The Unionists came into power to give us large social reforms. Their present programme consists of more old bills than new ones. "We must have a shorter session, fewer private members' nights, and days, and more control over public business," say, in effect, the Ministers of the Crown. Why? Because there is much to be done else, and for many months it is pleasant to be relieved of Par- liamentary duties. A. big Empire cannot be die tracted by pettifogging domestic *concerns. Serious discussions are called silly. Ardent Welsh, Scotch, andirish reformers are laughed at. We are getting fonder of the Empire and more neg lectful of Great Britain and Ireland—poor little unimportant places

The news which comes from New York about the weather, telling, as it does, of a state of chill beating the records of forty years, is in strange -contrast with our own experiences,and will hardly be credited by men whose memories of New York are associated with burning heat. The tremendous storms that have swept the Atlantic during the Vast few days may do the steamship companies Considerable harm by strengthening a false impres- sion. The is a belief in some minds that it is Well to pick months for trips across the Atlantic, and that in this way a mere pleasure-seeker can be sure of an easy passage. That, however' is very far from being true. The developments of Of shipbuilding have made the passage practically safe, for it is extremely rare that a big vessel .finally gives way, however much buffeted by the storm. But across the broad Atlantic the chances of a rough or a smooth passage are nearly equal all he year round, and at no particular date can a, ensitive person feel sure of comfort. All the com- panies can give him is confidence, and the newer ships should certainly inspire this. The weakess part of the arrangements necessarily is in the pro- visioning. A large quantity of food is always pro- vided extra for contingencies, but when you think of the value of space, and the number of pas- sengers, you prefer not to ask how many days be- yond the recognised time it would last. There is always a remote possibility that a voyage may be indefinitely prolonged, and food cannot be indefi- nitely provided.

It remains to be seen whether the Glasgow Christian Social Union has not come within reach of the libel laws in publishing a white list of firms who do not sweat or in any other manner injure their workpeople. Our libel laws are precise "'Tiough in their wording, but the interpretations Placed upon them are often surprising, an .1 a firm might complain that the mere fact of its non-ap- pearance in the white list was indirect defamation. A black list, containing the names of business firms who subject their workers to life in insani- tary workrooms, coupled with long hours and sweating pay, is clearly most dangerous, though ,the allegations may be capable of substantiation Till now the public who do not care to purchase sweated goods have had to trust to the humanity of the business men with whom they deal, but time and again the investigations of social workers have shown that the trust has been misplaced and the confidence of the. public abused. The public cannotbe blamed, therefore, if it has become un- duly seems to be no means of find-. -lng.out the truth by •personal effort, and when any society takes upon itself to advise it is confronted by the spectre of libel. Most people are convinced of ..the necessity of putting an end to the unholy ,evils of competition. Only a few are willing to buY sweatedgoods. It offends both their self-res- pect and their conscience, Purchasers have there- fore a right to be protected against unconscious :support of a system which revolts them. The dia. .culty is to find a method.

The Gladstone Memorial Fund seems to have Ireached sufficient dimensions to make ample pro 'Vision for the Institute of St. Deniol, and perhaps ;leave a surplus out of which a statue might be provided. £30,000 is the total sum realised, and this is, in many quarters, considered a national response worthy of that dominant personality, the like of which we, at all events, will probably never see again. Personally we dissent from this view. In our opinion £30,000 is but a poor and insigni- ficant tribute from the millions of people Mr. Gladstone laboured so unceasingly to serve. Only a short time ago £100,030 was subscribed in less than half the period which has elapsed since the death of Mr. Gladstone, and for what? Simply for the erection of an educational institution in far away Khartoum. But this was at the request of a successful warrior, a man whose praises were in every mouth, but a man also who has performed nothimg like the service for his country that Mr. Gladstone did. Of course, it is gratifying to sea that the primary object of the memorial scheme will be carried out, and in a manner which would have gladdened the heart of the man whose memory it perpetuates, but we are, nevertheless .disappointed at the rr.,ngreness of the public -recognition of Mr. Gladstone's greatness and good- ness.

Were it not for the unfortunate incident which Occurred at the annual meeting of the Warrington 'Free Church Council last Thursday evening its sue- rc'eas might have been stated to be complete. There Was a healthy tone about the meeting and the in- creased interest of the public as shown by the large attendance augurs well for the future of the "Council. But we arc afraid most of those who at- tended would carry away with them a feeling of regret at the incident which led to Alderman oberta leaving the meeting. It arose in the most unexpected manner and was a breeze of but a moment's duration. The statement which called it f o th was certainly of an irritating kind. Tile rev. Gamble Walker, of Birkenhead, in the course of his remarks defied any person to prove that "party politics were anything else than fighting for place and fighting for power." This, of course, is the wildest possible nonsense, and it would have been very easy to prove it so. Party politics have ikladoubtedly their blemishes, and there are some black sheep in both folds whose avariciousness is contemptible, but the same remark might apply to the Christian ministry, and yet an indictment against the whole body Would be as absurd as that of the speaker's on Thursday evening. It was there- fore not surprising that the imputation 811culd be resented and the challenge taken up. 'Mit We think that Alderman Roberts would

have been wiser had he exercised a little of that patience which is proverbially a virtue, instead of insisting on being heard there and then. • Had he done so Mr. Roberts would have had an ideal op- portunity for exercising his ability as a political debater and worstipg his opponent. Ttie cudgels were taken up later, we are glad to note, by other speakers who were equally determined not to let the Rev. Gamble Walker's rash remark pass un- challenged. But after all the disagreement is not very serious, and it is to be hoped that it will end where it has begun.

A gratifying feature of the Chief Constable's re- port, which was issued last week, is the marked decrease of serious crime within the Borough during the past year. Taken as a whole Warrington compares most favourably in this re- spect with the majority of towns. In 1897 the number of serious crimes committed was 160, and last year this number fell to 119. If the number continues to decrease in a corresponding ratio Warrington will figure still less prominently at the Liverpool County Sassioos and Assizes, which is a consummation much to be desired. List year 11 persons were committed rn• trial— a low average considering the simi of the town. With reference to the number of persons charged with drunkenness there is not the same ground for congratulation. The number dealt with has increased from 277 to 297 which is the highest number since 1895. Still it is less by one half the number of cases of drunkenness recorded some five years ago. This may be accounted for by the greater leniency now being shown to " quiet " drunkards, and has at least enabled the town to rid itself of the unenviable reputation it held not long since of being the most drunken town in the -United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
JTION 3rd and r, at 11 GHAN ings of

?urified

pub.

y

===== 0002601_18990217_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CLERICAL CHANGES AT

WAR ItINGTON.

PRESENTATIONS TO HE REVS. 11. V. PIGOT AND

A. A. MIRIKEIAM.

The annual congregational tea party in connection with All Saints' Mission, Bewsey-road, was held in the schools, Hoyle-street on Monday evening. There was a very good attendance. During the ait,r proceedings an interestiae presentation was made to the Vicar of the Parish (the Rev. H. V. Pigot), who is shortly leaving Warrington to take charge of the Parish of St. Thomas's, Stockton Heath. To show the respect in whicn he is held,the friends at the mission di cided too make a formal presentation to Mr. Pigot, and it took ' the form of a pair of beautiful silver candlesticks. The presentation was made by Mr. Siedlow, one of the churchwardens, who said that that was their ninth annual tea party. In making Mr. Pipt a present, be said the subscribers thought they wouid give him some thing that would be of use to him in the church. He thoueht it was a very wise present. He then presentod Mr. Pigot with the caedlesttks.—Mr. Pigot, havir g thanked Mr Sudlow, said he had no idea whatever ttiee. they were going to give him a testimonial, but he thanked the sulvcribers very much for their kindness. His aesociatlon weth Mr. Brierly had onlyeextended over a period of three and a half years. He thanked Miss Westwell for the valuable services soe had rendered to them; also Mr. Worley and Mr. Lily, the orgenist. It was unnecessary to state who would be their next vicsr. the Rev. E. R. Tarbuck, and he hoped they would con- tinue their work in the same happy manner as if no change had arisen. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. Brierly said this was his fourth and last tea party with them, as he was also leaving the parish. He hoped the change would make no difference. Be would be with them a few more Sundays yet.— During the evening the following programme was gene through :—Action song by six boys, "The Jolly Jack Tar "song, Mr.A Grimsha w, " Mary of Argyle" ; Mrs Brierly, ‘‘ The Miller and tee M " ; song, Mr J Pennington, "I want yer ma honey " ; song, Mr R Derbyshire, "Johnny Jones " ; song, Mr Grimshaw, " When °Vier lips" ' • song, Mrs Brierly," My Old Dutch " ; stump speech by Mr R Derbyshire; song and chorus, Miss N Gardner and six children, "Go to By- bye." The entertainment conendei at half-past nine, and then dancing was indulged in until eleven o'clock. On Tuesday evening a presentation was made at St. Clement's Mission to the Rev. A. A. Markham, who was on Thursday inducted to the ilicambency of St. Jule's Liverpool. It consisted of an illuminated album, bound in scar:et neoroceo, containing the names of 200 subscribers, and a solid silver tea and coffee service, one of the pieces of which b)re the fol- lowing inscription :—"Presented to the Rev.A.A.. Mark. ham, M.A., by his friends at St. Clement's Mission,War- rington, on his appointment to the.perpetual curacy of St. Jude's, Liverpool, February 14th, 1899." The service, which stands upon a roseweod tray, was specially provided by Messrs. W. Woods and Son (Alfred Woods), of Sankey-street. Trio large attendance at the gathering on Tuesday even- ing was eloquent testimony of the popularity Mr. Mark- ham has enjoyed. The Rector presided. and was sap- poned by the Revs. A. A. Markham, and G. W. Dicken- son,and Messrs. W. Hodlson,F. J. Whittle. J. Dowhurst S. Davies, and A. Woods. Letters of apology for non- attendance were read from 'dr. Omen, Mr. Craik and Mr. R. Davies. Mr. Dewhurst, Mr. Wnictle Mr. Woods, and Mr. Davies delivered short speeches injisa- tive of the high esteem in which they as representing hoth the Mission Church, and the Parish Church. held Mr. Markhatn,and warmly appreciative of the admirable work done by the rev. gentleman.—The Rector,in making the presentation, said they all knew how deeply he ap- preciated all that Mr. Markham had done, and how deeply also he felt his departure. He had been to him something like Timothy was to Sc. Paul, a real son. It was with the feeling of a spiritual father teat he regarded him,and he felt more deeply than he could express what he should lose when he went. No work could exceed that which had been done by Mr. Markham both for the parish and in that mission. kApplause.)2The Rev. A. A. Markham, who was loudly applauded and seemed to be deeply moved by the cordial outburst of, kindly feeling, simply but very eloquently returned his thanks. He touched upon many points of interest to his auditors specially thanked the ctoir, who had privately presented him with a revolving bookcase, and at the conclusion of his remarks was accorded three hearty cheere.—A similar compliment was paid to the Rector, when a vote of thanks was tendered to him for presiding.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTi COURT.

Ilizstur.—Before His Honour Judge Wynne Pfoulkes, and Mr. W. D. Jolliffe (registrar.) THE Is.—The list comprised 34 original plaints ; 7 de- faults ; 1 adjourned default summons ; and 11 judgment summonses.—The Registrar took the undefended cases.

A DETECTIVE "—As A. LaDGER.—This wee A case in which Mrs. Theresa Hughes, of Helsby, wife of Mr. Thomas Trughes of He!sby, claimed £3 3s 3d for board and lodgings and money lent, from Mr. John Gull- foyle, timekeeper, at the Telegraph Works, Helsby, alleged to be due in respect of lodgings and board, due for two weeks in the beginning of January 1898, and for one week in August of the same year.—Mr. J. Burton appearei for the plaintiff, and Mr.H.N.Linaker(Messrs.Linaker and Linaker) defended. —The plaintiff was called, and said that the defendant came to lodge with her on the 15th January 1893. When be came he was penniless, and her husband got him work at the Tele2raphic Works. He did not pay for the first two week's lodgings ; and she did not ask him, for she wanted him to pay his old loieing money in Manchester. She lent him money from time to time, and she had lent him 5s 93 when he returned from his holidays to buy brandy with to make him right to go to his work.—Cross-examined Plaintiff admitted she kept no books or sc2ounts. She had never asked Guilfoyle for the money after he left ; neither did she ask him at the time he went for his helidays in August, because she trusted to his honesty to pay her. There had been robberies at the Telegraphic Works and , Guilfoyle who was an ex-Irish constabulary inspector had traced them to Hughes, and a warrant had been issued for his arrest. No claim had been made until efter the warrant was issued.— The defendant Guilfoyle said he left Manchester where he was in the employ of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, as a conptable, to come to the Helsby Telegraphic Works, on account of better pay. He had paid his lodging money regularly—every Saturday. He denied that the plaintiff ever lent him money to buy brandy. and when he left his last lodgings he had paid all. —Mr. Barton failed to shako this witness in cross-ek,..mination.—His Honour said it was a case of oath against oath. and he saw no reason to disbelieve the defendant, and he must therefore give judg- ment for the defendant.

PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDBIt, nit,: CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS Ix LANCASHIRE. -A.dvt, "CHASTITY."

On Sunday February 12th, Mr. A. B. Windle, secretary to the Warrington A, gave an ad- dress in the Parr Hall to men, on " Chastity." He read many references from the Bible touching his subject. His address may be characterised as straight, plain, forcible and to the point. On the previous Sunday he gave an address on '• impurity" with the same force of expression, bringing home many truths to the youths and ni.n who listened. To-morrow (Sunday), his subject is " narriage.9_

LA.DIES BEST GL-A.-CE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER TICE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Vivt. BEST BOORS roR ALL, UNDER TUE CLOCK.—Advt.

IV,A.RRINGTON

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday New wheat (white) fetched 33 lid (701 b to the bushel) ; red wheat, 33 91 to 3s 10d ; new oats, 2s 3d to 23 41. Flour, be3t seconds, par 2401 b, 183 61. Bran, Hid to is 3d per 20Ib. In the Rrovislon market prices ruled as follows : —Fresh butter, Is2l and is 41 per lb ; fresh eggs, 9 and 10 for is; fowls, 4s 6d to 5$ per couple; ducks, 63 01 ; English beef, 5d to 101; mutton, 61 to 91; veal, 7d to lid; pork, 61 to Bd. UNDER TJSU CLOCK FOB 0200 D ,13001$.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1899

TRINITY CPIIIRCII ANNUAL TEA PARTY AND CONCERT. Tne sieltered a hippy s.;47,lvrtuz on eAr,ming, o,ii 11,1 C vice.rt. Th., eh.tir wts thy 1 v. C. R. qicar), wbo ,c4i shop d v. J. N. (Curve), Nie,;•iri. J. M .160 Ar,lrliz,. L- -11RrIl, W. Ulandnin, J. Wildin4 4)1(1 "P oe.!,,iing3 Were of a highly intl..e3:An4 aldi; nature.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WOHICINGNIHS'S CATHOLIC BALL AT WIDNES. Oa Mo .d y ereniul ei•vith iLut orklagmen'i n-11 !II • Oriti fiLlt. Widnei. cm-op.:es :0030111 , wero soon n4aged in the de is daoci.is; to h rnu.ic suppliel by Meiers. G,II aryl Gihn' btr,i. Ttie NI C's were Ahlerin in J. M!srrs. J. Du4,4an, d. Ittily, aad P. Mantl- ing. M. T. Laws, Commercial Hotel, provided the re- freshments.

ST. •Icksfs MARRIED ME?.i'S TEA. AND CONCERT. Oil We inesday evening, the married men bilonging to the S. Johia's Presbyterian Caurch, Runcnm, gave their reply lea and co.icert, whu aa app.eziative a.uai- once assembled unler Capziain E Davies. who made an effic'ent chairman. After an excellently served tea a programme of considerable variety was provided ani was heavily eajiyed. The items includel :—lnstru- mental selection, married men: Solo," The noble boy of troth," Mr Glwanlock ; instrumental quartette ; solo" 'Tina old B:igada," Mr Charlestown ; recitation, "Curfew," Mr W CT Jackson ; chorus," Toe Churches' Ra'lying Song," Married Men; solo " Calvary " (encored), Mr Houghton; glee, Married Men; musical sketch, "The Parisl.i Councillun " (encored). six of the Married Men ; an Irish letter, Mr Houbtn ; c 10n13, "Let the Hills Itssousd," Mauled Man. The Married Mon'a reply to the Married La:lies was highly amu and at trio sa.ne.,timt filled with good sense. The pro- ceeds of the gathering were an ail of the Chapel Build- ing Fund.

WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL. The quarterly meeting of toe Widnes 'Town Council was held on Tuesday. Councillor Neil, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the Health Committe.!, said that tenders had been received for the building of the Infectious Diseases Hosnital ext-nsion. The lowest was that of Messrs. J. Paterson and Son, Liverpool, and even their tender was much higher than what the architeet estimated for. But by an arrangement with toe firm the cost es:imated was reduced by £5OO. Us put down the disparity be- tween the estimated cost and the tenders submitted to increased wages in the skilled lahour trad is and the in- crease in the price of b silding materials. Bearing in mind moat the tender was the lowest by some hundreds of pounds, he thought it should be ac,oepted.—A discus- sion followed, and on a vote being taken the motion was carried.—Aldertnan Timmis commented upon the satis- factory working of the gas department. According to price and profits, Widnes compared far mere favourably than most large towns. He gave the credit of the satis- factory state of things to tue chief of the department, Mr. Isaac Carr, M.I.C.E.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Tna FLOODS AT Dirrox.

Owing to the exceptionally high tide, an extraordin- ary cccurrence was experienced at Ditton, near Widaes on Sunday. Ditton Brook, which empties itself into the river Mersey, overflowed its banks and the surrounding country was completely under water. Close to Ditton Junction Station the land is very low and dozens of cot- tages were flottled,and people had the unpleasant exper- ience of having to wads about their houses. The water spread with great rapidity over the lowlying fields, con- verting them into an enormous lake. Hale-road, Close to Marsh-bridge was flaoded over, and people coming from church were unable to get home until Mr. James Mercer came on the scene with his trap and kindly put it at their disposal. On Monday, at Ditton junction,there was a similar experience. Toe water rusted over the banks at Ditton Brook with great force, ani soon found its way into the houses, and the occupants had to take refuge ill the upstairs portion of their dwellings. Great inconvenience was caused, but happily the damage was not of a serious character, Fortunately, the Landon and North-western Railway, which is close to the brook, is on a slight embanhment, otherwise the damage might have been mote serious. Such an occurrence his net taken place for about ten yeare. OITTEREAR OF FIRE IN HIGH-STREET.

About half-past eleven o'clock on Tuesday morning an alarming outbreak ot fire was discovered on the premises of Messrs Linaker and Linaker (solicitors) High-street. Runcorn. Fortunately, however, the fire was caught in the nick of time, and owing to prompt action on the part of Mr. El. N. Linaktr, and Police-constable Wilson (311), was soon brought under control. It appears that the fire ariginat3d by the over-heating of a flue, from the bakehouse at the b tck of Mr. Mellor's shop, causing the floor of the attic to get on fire. It was discovered by Mr. H. N. Linaker, who upon his return from the County Court, heard a noise as of a portion of one of the upper rooms falling. Upon investigation he found that a fire of considerable dimensions was raging there. At once he raised an a!arrri, but what was better, he promptly took off his coat and securing a bucket of water commenced a single handed fight against toe flames. Assistance soon arrived, Constable Wilson boing first on the scene, and in a short time the fire was got under. The Runcorn Fire Brigade came up in a short time, but were able to control the fire without bringing the hose into play. The extent of the damage is pretty considerable when it is considered that some valuable decutnents were des- troyed. The building is covered by insurance. Thanks are due to Mr. Linaker, P.C. Wilson, Messrs. R. Wright, J. Lea, A. Anderton (New inn), and the members of the Fire Brigade under Superin:endent Wright for their prompt and valuable assistance. PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN.

On Saturday eveeiag, tae members and friends of th 3 Wclet Chapel, Rutlana-s:reet 39S3mble1 in goodly nnm- leers and partook of a well-catered tea, provided by Miss E. Roberts (Llyoasycoecl), the occasion being a farewell gathering owing to MiSi Roberts leaving the town to be married. Tea being dispos2d of, a splendid programme of musical items, solos and recitations was submitted. At the interval an interestinz presentation took place, when Mr. Griffiths handed Miss Roberts a beautiful gold mounted umbrella, as a token of esteem from the Walsh workin:stnen at the Castner Kollner Works, Weston, and in appreciation of the many kind- nesses she had shown to them. The Rev. Mr. Hughes also presented Miss Roberts with a silver cruet and a purse of money on behalf of the members of the Sunday school. In doing so he spoke of the good work Miss Roberts had accomplished whilst she was amongst them, and he could assure her it was with feel- ings of regret that taey regarded that parting. (Ap- plause.)—Miss Roberts very suitably responied.—Tne programme included: Songs by Misses E 'lateens, Evans, Pritchard, and Davies; mandoline solo by Miss Ternperiey ; humorotts sketch, Mr Fraser Jonas ; songs by Messrs Parry and lhomas; pianaforte solos by Misses Hughes and M Baker, ani several recitations. The meeting concluded in good Welsh style with the singing of" Hen Wlad fy Nhadau.' HALF-HOUR LECTURR,WIDNES, 1 Councillor Laws, presided over a large audience at the leo:ure upon " Lancashire poets," by Mr. A. Lancaster, given in the lecture theatre of the Technical Schools on Friday evening. The Chairman introduced the lecturer as the librarian of the neighbouring town of St. Helens. —Mr. Lancaster, who was received with applause, said that in all ages and countries ballads had been used to commemorate passing events. In Anglo-Saxon times they were employed as a stimulant to the warriors. Later, the ballad enjoyed a great popularity in country districts, and nearly every mansion also had a gallery for the musicians. The programme on the festive oaca- sions comprise 1 billad, interlude, and song, which fol- lowed in quick succession. Since these times nearly every event had blen put in verse by the b monger, but very few of them existed prior to the time of James I. The great charm which many of the Lancashire dialect ballads had was not surpassed by poems writtea in pure litaglish. It was not un:il the days of Collier, more popularly known as Tim Bobbin, that the Lancashire poets began to write to any appre- ciatSe extent. The lecturer went on to say that if a Londoner come and spoke to some of the Lancashire people, he woeld wonder what new language it was,and i if he was told that in that language was written some of the gems of English Petry he would sco t the idea. The lecturer then proceeded Co refer more directly to the Lanc ishire poets, of whom, he said, there were more than 100. Mr. Lancaster read quotations and poems from the works of William Shenstune, Samuel Balmford, , John Bottoo Rogerson, William Hirrison Ainsworth. Ac.' —lt the cenclusion of the lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Lancaster, upou the motion of the Chairman.

PREgENTATION TO MIL WILLIAM COOK% A.R.C. 0. On Saturday evening last a most interesting presenta- tion took place in the veFtl, of S. Pall's Church, With nes. The chairmen and bays met together to oresent a very handsome music cabinet to their esteemed organist and choirmaster, Mr. William Cooke, A.R.C.0., on the occasion of his m3.rriage. The Rev. R. H. Corlett spoke in glowing t.rms of the suceess of Mr. Cooke with the choir at St. Paul's and said that gathering and the ob- ject of it was quite sufficient proof of the respect in which Mr. Cooke was held by all the choir, both men and boys. The present was quite unanimous, and on behalf of the choir he wished Mr and Mrs Cooke every happines;: He then asked Mr. T. Webster, as senior member of the chair to make the presentation. Mr. Webster in a few well chosen words spoke of the (steers: in which their organist was held by each one of them. ' He then unveiled the cabinet—a splendid piece of furniture of mahogany chippendale—and asked Mr. Cooke to accept the gift as a token of their good wishes. Mr. Cooke responded and said how touched lie was by their gieat kiudnees. He was unable to thank them sufficiently for their magnificent present, and more than all for the kindness that promoted it ; they were too good to him altogether. Oa behalf of Mrs. Cooke he did thank them as much as he could. The Vicar, who entered whilst Mr. Cooke was re- sponding, said he was sorry he was unable to be present at the beginning but wanted to come and add his testimony to theirs. He had not koown Mr. Cooke very Nog but was convince] he was the right man in the right place, and he was delighted to find the choir thought so much about him. He was given to under- stand Mr. Caoke had made great improvemeot in the choir, and both he and his colleague Mr. Corlett when they came to Widees, were delighted to find the choir at St. Pauli so very efficient. The vicar closcd the meeting with the benediction. We may also add Mr. and Mrs. Cooke were the recinients of a handsomely bound Bible from the vicar, the Ilmr. Charles E. Stooks, M.A.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
S. MICHAEL'S CHURCH SOCIAL

The annual w;cial- gatriciring iu conoc • 1,.n witn the above place of worship was nald Ia Greeaw ty- •tia Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening. The Rev. E. S. Oliver Wag chairman and presided over a criwli Ii Ue. A programme of v- Cii and i••strnay.atal misc vrai 0u,,- inictei by members of tie choir arid tacit. frii-mjs. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS.

Wednesday evening Mr. TimotoySimister pr3sided at the weekly meeting of this ctass. The evenin,4 wa, taken up with a lantern lecture on " Cambridge " given by Mr. T. 4.. Lawrensan, hladmaster of th 3 Rene )rn Technical Schools. The lecture was highly aporeciAt,o by the taro atedienc3 present. Votes of thanks t,-) the lecturer propased by Mr. Jones, and secmded by Mr.B. Crosby brought the proc'e 1i to a close. • CHARACTER, SKETCHE --- BY " Q.E.F.D." It was, perhaps,Dickens and Thakceray who first showed to the British reading public that scenes taken from daily life had an interest and a charm unsurpassed by the wildest dreams of the imagina- tion, and proved inconteAably that the common walks of life held men and women who were true heroes or heroines, though comparatively unknown out..side their own little sphere. Each town and hamlet bears witness to the fact that there are per- sona beating out life's music in solitude, unheeded and unknown, who live self-denying lives; who en- deavour to raise the standard of morality, and seek to bring a ray of light into the lives of their more unfortunate fellows. There are, again, _those persons full of energy and "push" without whom it would be impossible for even our smaller towns to be carried on without finding themselves in financial difficulties. Men clear-headed,farsighted, prompt t 3 act when the occasion arises; men born to rule and command and lead the van in every enterprise of worth and m3vement. There are, yet again those who are the lees and dregs of society(?) and who are seen in every small community. Tile loafer ready to beg, borrow or steal the necessaries of life; the man in the street ready to earn an hon- est copper by the "sweat of his brow," and, worse than all, that class whom even the minister of the gospel sometimes refuses to acknowledge, and who with the hem of the garment drawn for fear of de- filement,we pass by "on the other side."

The diouglit must have often occurred to many Runcornians that there were to be found men in our midst whose characteristics were eminently worth pourtraying for the benefit of others* Persons who wear the "pure flower of a blameless life," and persons whose souls had sunk to that "red hell "of shame and vice, that misery and despair have claimed them as their own peculiar victims. There are, unquestionably, men in the humblest village who stand as types of the great mass of people which constitutes humanity. It is our intention to give weekly a brief character sketch of those who claim the honour of being citizens of Runcorn. It will, at all events, be of local interest. The materials for our sketches will be the man in the street ; the man in the club; the man we have "eaten salt with" ; the man who pose as a leader; the man who is content to be led. Since we believe that in order to hold up the mirror of life faithfully, all sorts and conditions of men must come within its range, we shall not hesitate to choose the subject of our remarks from the lowest stratum of society,or ascend to the proudest monied coati the town can boast of. The sketches will be impartial yet critical,and every effort will be made to obtain correct information and verify the state- ments which may be made from time to time. The great object in commencing this series of sketches will be not so much to interest and amuse, but an endeavour to help onward the search of truth, more appropriately expressed by one of the greatest poets of the nineteenth century : . I hold it truth. That men may rise on stepping stories Of their dead selves to higher things.

If wa can stimulate anyonT3 to nnevvei ex:lrtion in the battle of lite, or cause a feeling of pride in our historic town, our effarts will be amply rvuid Article No 1 n,xt issue. RUNCO;IN NOTES,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LBY. A CORRESPONDENT.]

A glance at the report of the London and North- Western Railway Company leads one to believe that an effort will be ras,de to secure the sanction of Parliament to the widening of the celebrated Run- corn Bridge. All I can say is that I hope the sanction will be given, and that the bridge will be widened. But, at the same time, Ido hope that our District Council will so guard itself as to secure a lower toll for crossing from Widnes to Runcorn or vice versa. Don't let the idea of bringing money into the town stand in the way. For the money re- ceived by Runcorn and Widnes consequent upon its construction has been twice paid for in toll, and more than twice carried out of the town.

C3nsiderable interest is at present manifested in the disease—tuberculosis and an animated dEscus- sion on the subject took place at the Rural Coun- cil meeting on Tuesday. Mr. Woodward expressed considerable contempt at the conplaints which had been laid before that body respecting the disease and ridiculed the idea of milk from pure stock be- ing contaminated. That would be all right if it were so. But.there is perhaps more in the jocular remark of Mr. Knowles "that possibly it was due t) the rid- ing and driving the milk got en route",than appears at first sight? Of one fact we can be pretty cer- tain, notwithstanding the aspersion upon the " scientists of the present day" that the samples tested at Liverpool showed unmistakeable signs of serious affection from tuberculosis, but there might have been some slight mistake as to the source that supply came from, brought about by the "rid- ing and driving ?" Whatever the cause, the offence was pretty clear; and farmers instead of getting up in arms should be only too pleased to have dan- gers which they, in the hurry and bustle of their life cannot observe, pointed ouG t) them. They seem to have a difficulty in looking at the matter dispassionately.

The decision of the Guardians to allow parents to se their pauper children, at the discre,tiou of the Niaster of the [louse simply leaves the matter where it was r_befora, and is as it should be. The master ought to have the power te ue hi i discretion iR such matters, and all who know the master of the Dutton Workhouse have nothing to fear on that count. If he were denied that privilege, where would the decipline of the house be? Echo answers where?

The success of the Million Guinea Fund protnoted by the Wesleyans, so far as Runcorn is concerned, has been! somewhat phenomenal and already the projected subscription of 1,000 guineas, has been promised, and the figures are rapidly appro iching the figure so ardently advocated by the Rev.C.W.L. Christien (1,500 guineas.) His was no vain boast when he said that "if that figure was not reached he did not know tha giving quali- ties of his own circuit." Enthusiastic meetings have been held at Halton, Weston, and Westoa Point, and still there is Camden to COMO. We under- stand that" The Can:Lien's are coming," and won't be behind.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

With the approach-of S-;t-u-r-Jav, interest in the match Runcorn V. Widne3 is growing, and the local Derby will assureily be well pv.rpnised. Both teams entertain c prisiderable fancy for their chances and are decermined tO account for themselves honourably.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARD 11A.TCLI.

RUNCORN' V. CHESTER (LIBERAL CrAnti).—Played at Runcorn on Wednesday eyeninz and resulting in a win for Chester, by 11. Scores :

RUNCORN. CHESTER. W B Brimelow J Blliott T H Carruthers B Johnston lOO B Johnson .? 47 H Hughes 4B H Wrigh lO3 A Worrall lOO J Myers J Owens T Flemming (3- White A McArthur P Miller ' J Holliday

'LINSEED COMPOUND " (Trade Mark for Coughs and Colds, of proven efficacy. 13fd. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt.

LINSEED COMPOUND" (Trade Mtrk) gives Ex- pectoration without strain, 90., 133. Sold by Chemi3ts onlv,—Advt.

UNCORN BURL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fhtly? rnPetilz u!' the ablve C,uneii was ,rtc,h-o rn, Dattol Worineu,e, r K.-10 t in ti), S .niwe,rd A llural Ju P s s J CE Ls ir, f B E W.'. E Clarke, J B Clad*lex, J Snruc I Whitt) ,t 7 C KoFiaric), A Ft "'Lupo..., S G Kydi, C W D )7u, 'l' D trlirwtyi, W Bralford, P Letther, T Lwis, Fl AL: G i A.,htort (depuw-eter.k), MMIS:3 W ieft4L-3 and J S vitvon (urveynrg), J Farrington. (inspntor),a Dr. Aciaina (mtilical officer).

===== 0002601_18990217_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
'ELECTIONS

C H.) ,C •I g tria,•; til%v hr t 9f Rural I:3l,i.rlac co xnchlors WAS M9:11 ty, 27:h M trch •

TEIS ISYE-LASVi FOR SUTTON Q7ASTIED

Mr. C. E. Linaker move-I dia.; the resolution passed at the meeting cot' the Coune4 held oh toe 15th March, 1893 "that bye-law; similar to thos in force in the c m- tributery places of Frodsham be adopted for the contri- butory placa of Sutzon b 3 reszinded. a.nd that a.pplica- tioa be made to the L)cal Government 13.)ard for per- mission to strike the name of Sutton out of the bye-laws which it was proposed to adapt for the parishes of Helsby, Grappanh3.ll, Latchford (Without), Walton In- ferior and Suttoo. He contended there was ne neceas•ty for such bye-laws for Slat 4TI as it was unlikely that there would be many buildings erected in the township. Mr. Wallington was of oninion that they were neces- sary for the protec ion of Sulon. They did not know what might come in the future. If the estate looked upon the matter frn th Fa :n point of view as himself they w mid support the adoption of the bee-laws. Mr. Linaker's motion was carried by 12 votes to six. TUBERCULOSIS IN CATTLE. THE MARKERS I7P IN ARMS.

At a meetine of the Parliamentary Committee held at the Clerk's office Runcorn, on Friday the 10th met, the Clerk reported the result of his, and Mr. Swinton' in- terview with the Town Clerk of Warrington, with refer- ence to the WarrMgton Cerperatioe Bill, and after full consideration thereof, it was resolved that certain clauses be required for the protection of the District Council. The committee considered a letter from the Rural Dis- trict Council of Bucklow, enclosing copy of clause 20 of the Manchester Corporation (General Powers) Bill 1899, with r ference to the sale of the milk of any cow which was suffering from a diseased or indurated udder. It was resolved to adopt the views of the Bueklow Council, , viz : That when the subject was considered ripe enough to be dea't with, a bill more complete, and ap- plying to the whele country should be introdeced into Parliement by the Government, should be supported by invoking the assistance of the local members of Parlia- ment, and the County Council to have the clause elimi- nated from the bill. Dr. Adams said he had visited one of the farms which supplied the milk complained of as affected with tuber- culosis. He found one cow with an indurated udder, and when he had made that discoiery the occupier de. alined to let him go any further. Whether he had any more cows in a like condition it was not for him to say. The main thing to establish was that all farmers should be only too glad to have these things pointed out to them: He did not know how to advise the Council. They had no powers. (Hear, hear.) He could only recommend that every f armor, not only those interested as council- lors, but every farmer in the district, should ascertain simply primary facts. A cow with an indurated udder was such as to bo deleterious and ought to be eliminated from the stock. He was simply their Medical Officer and net their execetive officer, and he merely wished to advise them. ft was a question which was being presses to the point. He had had an interview with the County Medical Officer of Flealth with regard to the question as well as with re- gard to that ef the rivers pollution. He felt that if a spirit of compromise could be estabished in the district among all the tenant farmers whe had milch cows, and that such farmers would ascertain primarily if their cows had indurated udders or diseased teats, and have them certified as to whether they were affected with tu- berculosis or otherwise—if all that were done, he thought they would know exactly where they were. If taey would only do that volun- t atilt, it would save the Council and their sanitary effners no end of trouble. He was warned off one farm as ho had told them. He did not say that in any spirit of hostility to the farmer. He found the fifth cow affected with tuberculosis so far as the condition of the udder could enable him to ascertain it. Under the circumstances he did not feel justified in pressing his in- speetion any further. In contrast with the ease he wished to say that he visited another farm and found there was no cause for suspicion with reference to the cattle wi,le one exception, and that was a cow which had resentty celved. There wore 9 heal of cattle and no suspicion at all with regard to them. That farm was one reported from Liverpool. Mr. S. Woodward said it was reported to them that naiiksupplied to Liverpool from two farms in their dis- trict was affected with tuberculosis to a dangerous de- gree. The question of tuberculosis was being pushed ' ' unduly in the interest of the public health by medical offic-re. He did not think it was being pushed by their own Medical Officer, but it was being premed unduly by the County eledical Officers and others and he was sorry to see that Manchester and Liverpool wore propos- ing some very stringent measures with reference to it. Elis own opinion was that before anyone b lean thus to proceed they ought to be sure of their ground. It was a very serious matter to attack any interest. and it was a very serious matter to attack the interest of the fanners ai; the present time when everything f.eerned against them and the clouds were black and dark. Oa the authority of Mr. Walter Long, M.P., it was stated that this question of tuberculosis in milk and in cattle as affecting milk was still in a very in- definite and uncertain stage, and as President of the Board of e.gricalture he was not prepared to recommend to Parliament that they should take any steps towards the preparation of any measure that should apply to farmers in the protection of milk,or that should apply to farmers in reference to the destruction of tuberculosis cattle. Coming back to the two cases reported in their own district, Mr. Woodward said that one of the two farms was that of Mr. Faulkner, at Newton-by- Frodsham. Mc. Faulkner had every cow on hie farm te-day that he had there on the 11th January last. He (Mr. Woodward) had before him the result of the tuber- culin test applied to the stock by Mr. John W. Bate, member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons, Edinboro. All the catt'e passed the test with the exception of one which had recently calved,and Mr Bate had no reason to suppose that that particular cow had tuberculosis. Moreover at the time the milk was tell el in Liverpool she woul Ibe dry and her milk could not have been included in the supply sent. Not a vestige of tuberculosis could be found on the farm, although the milk on arrival at Liverpool was found to be seriously contaminated with tuberculosie. What a comment !

The Chairman: It must lea the riding and driving it gct (L eu relater.) Mr. Woodward centinuing said what a warning it was te astrict Council like themselves to be careful as to the step; they took te wards restricting the sale of milk from cows that were asserted to be affected with tuber- culosis. The authorities who had tested milk from stock that was absolutely clear and pure from contamination found it to be atriously affeeed with tuberculosis ! There ware only two tests gives to them as aff tc-ing th dr district, aud to his own knowleige there were consigamenzei of milk from soores of farms. Other sarnple3 of rat'lk were tested an wily those two were condemned. H m tied it on the authority of a veteriuery surgeon that the:average of the disease throughout the district was at least 50 per ceat. •ther milk had gone to Liverpool aid the scientists had fa:led to discover any signs of tuber- culosis in it. Rot a sample that came from the cows that were certified to be unaffected was found to contain tubsrculolis. It seemed to him that the scientific facts of the present day would be found to be the scientific fallacies of the next generation. He strongly objected to farmers in that or any other district being made to bear the expense of the experimental stage in regard to tubmulosis, and ke supported the Bucklow Rural Council. The minutes of the Parliantintery Committee were confirmed on the motiox of Mr. Wright seconded by Mr. Derlieg'on. _ . _ _ _ .

Dr. —Adana, said hs was desirei Or the C lunty Medisal Officer to state what provision the C,uneil was prepared to mak-, for proventinz tuberculosis milk going fro u their d'strist.

The Chairman said they could hot tell when they might e.n I sir.% milk. (Laughter.) D. Adams thought Mr. Woodward had furnished one of the most eancluaive proofs of the necessity for haying their cow examined.

Mr. Woodward said three insirctors from Liverp 111. one of who names they did not know, visited Mr. Faulkner's farm when he was away and inspected the f Armsaid shippons.

The Inspoet said thay_bai no plwrr to do so.

Mr. Woudward stated these gentlemen went through the shippon and examined and measured the premises, a think; hs took it they had no right to do. %Vero not their officers effi-ient ? Were they not acquainted av,th their dutieg ? Were they tilt as a Council capable of looking atter their diericr, and haying these places ex- aminiarl in their own interests, without the interposition of officals from nitsiie coroorations ? Ele thought the corporations of Manchester and Liverpo it would just 4o with bringing to their bearinga a bit. They ouzht no; to have come into the district, without asking their officials to accnmoan f them. If they came to his farm they would not get any further than the gate. (Elea. hear.) Dr. Adams quoted from the Council's bvelaws with a view to showing that it was the duty of the C)uncirs officers to inspect farm premises sespected of infectious din re.

The Irrpestor slid they only had powar t 4 inspect farm nrrnnis.s wire a,ny infectious disease existed among hurnrn b&aga. They had no power to go and order people to d 3 this and that. Neither their medical officer, D. Vache!, himsalf,nor anyone else could do it. Tubereu'o3is W 45 not mentioned in the Schedule taf in- fetiooo and consequently they had no juris- diction in the matter.

.91rn farthor d'scuesiin engued between the Medical Officer an,i the Impector, t"a la*.ter pointing out that before they cou,d take action an order would have to be rrld by the Local Govermatent Board,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN TWENTIETH CENTURY FUND. METING AT SV. PAUL'S C tWNOOIN.

0 t Mon lay evening 4 inestin.: was held a S:. Paul's Ciaurch, Ruueorn, p:ornoted with the ooject of further- ing the 20th Century Fund. There was a good attend- arias. Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., presided, and he was supporte 1 by the Reva.o Girrett (Liverpool), C W L Christien, R J Ciifron_,J A. 13 May irn, Msssr3 T S mister, S Taylor, J.P., R R awiins m, 0 sllamy. A R Norman, J.P., W Dunhavin, J Lo.tmer, SC Bsckett, J Bali. S Bar- rsw and W Rowe. Ttp3 m seting was ooened by the hinging of a hymn, and prayer by the Rev. J.• A. B. Malvern. The Rev. C. W.L. Christien said that Mr F. J. Norman had very kindly coasented to take the ciair at that meeting. Tney felt under the circumstances which had transpired since he made that promise—d3ath having entered into the family circle, And taken away their dear friend Robert Norman—it would be somewhat of a trial to bun to occupy the position, but Mr. Norman felt that if his uncle could speak he would have said "take the chair." (Hear, hear.) He was sure, however, that th 3 Chairman would have Ih3 sympathy of every 0113 pre- sent. ..(Hear, hear.)

Mr. F. J. Norman thanked them all heartily for having expressed the feelings which were uppermost ia his own mind. He need not tell them that neither his brother, nor himself, nor any member of his family would have consented to be preseat, but that they felt they would be violating the feelings of their dead uncle if they ab- sented themselves from that meeting. Having referred to the enthusiasm his late uncle would have displayed in the fund, hoe/1)1re of tne great amount of wore that 54 e th odism had done for the whole country and the ia- flaence it had had on the 19th centary. It was the Methodism of tee 191 century that had Wide the middle classes; to go further it was the middle classes who had made that country of theirs. (Applause.) It was impossible to over-estimate the amount of good that Methodism had accomplished. Was toe Methodist's work done ?' He was glad that someone could say no. , (Applause.) They were proud of their history arid proud of their traditions, and could look back with pride upon the self-denial of those who had gone before them. (Applause.) That meeting was for them to decide what they would do towards the accemplish.nent of the fund. Be believed that they would be Emcee:still in getting money. He did not say that with any boasting. They did not wish to be boastful in the least, as some people would have there believe they were doing. They were going to raise the money because they considered it was necessary. He then dealt with the objects to which the fund is to be devoted. The Revs. C. W. 1,. Christian an I R. J. Clifton also spoke. The Rev. C. W. L. Chr.seen nfernd t , the fact that at first they intended to raise £1,530 ía St. Paul's Circuit, but subsequently it was decided to have £l,OOO. and go up to beyond that, welch he felt sure they would accomplish. (Applause.) 'Die Rev. C. Garrett (Liverpool) who on rising was warmly received, said is was a j oy to him to be present at that meeting. Of course it was one of those eve its which stood out in one's lifetime, and a solemn feeling would naturally settle over the minds of all of them. It was such a meeting they had never been at before, and might never be at again. They had never seen the begin- ning and close of a century, yet for once in a lifetime Some of them would be permitted to end one century, and naturally a very solemn feeling settled over their lives as they thought about it. While they were selomn at the dark evening they were ending, they were, he thought, all more or less under the influence of gratitude. The qua.tion had been put and he bad heard it again and again "Wed, What have we to be so thankful for ?" He he I a few words zo say about that and wanted them to look at what he would put before them ; to weigh it up; and then come to a resolution as the result of that weighing. Look at the last century. the 18th century, it was like Looking at the dark ages. Its leading features were brutality, tyranny, and ignorance—these three words described the 18th century, and they had but to turn over the pages of history to be convinced of it. What had they to be thinkful for? Ha wished that there were a greater number of working men present, as all through that movement his hope had been the people, for the broader they made the basis the firmer Was their superstructure. He would far rather have the matter done by a million than by a thousand. (dear, hear.) One hundred years ago what was the state of the country? Remember Europe was a battie field. There ev. re four million of men itadr arms. ill Europe were against us. Napoleon was , supreme, and his name was a " bogie man "by which I all the children old and young were frightened and sent to bed. Going back 100 years to that vary night, there were 27 thousand Preach prisoners in this coun:ry and they had to be kept as they best might. It was a dole- ful state of things, and the more they thought about it the more doleful it appeared. Look at the moral condi- tions. Think of a law beirag passed that no one shouNl bake bread, and both Houses of Parliament passed a law against the making of bread out of flour. What did workingmen enjoy in the good old times when George 111. was king? (Applause and laughter.) Work was scarce, wages low—farm lab ourers all over Eagland never thought of more than 6s. a week, and yet corn was £5 a quarter. That was in the good old times ; had they not then something to be thankful for. Then taxation ; talk of taxes they had nothing these 1 days compared with what they had 100 years ago. The bread was taxed ; the light was taxed. Peoele were tated for putting in windows, and if the window was , ealarged the tax was also enlarged with it. There were evidences of those times even at preceat in the blind windows of many old houses. Salt was taxed to 17 times its value; and then was not anything that you could, use that was not tweed. It- seemed that the only thing that men and women were made for in those days was to be taxed —(laughter)—and the legislation was for nothing but to make taxes. That was but 100 years ago and yet people asked what had they to be thankful for ? What had they not to be thankful for? Why they should rather say" Bless the Lord 0 my Soul, and all that is within me bless His Holy name." They were ignorant 100 years .ago ; half of their peaplo could not write or read a word, only about I could manage to write their own names, and judging by the specimens handed down to them, they were poor at Vest. (Laughter.) Books? there were no books to talk of. Everytody got drunk; if one bad a guest they made him drunk before they went te bed. "As drunk as a lord" was a general expression, ant it was counted the highest honour one could receive to bo drunker than anybody else. Then for evidence of the sensuality, of the filthy cenversation the men of thoss times indulged in, a trace of it was still left amongst them, for why did the ladies leave the room after dinner, but that the men might talk—such converiatioa that was unfit for their ears. Truly they were a miserable nation 100 years ago. Everybody swore ; the lawyer swore in court, ; arid tno ladies swore in the drawing room; the judge swore in the court and the parson in the pulpit. (Lehghter.) Tee, they were a miserable lot in those good old times. (Increased laughter.) What had they to be thankeil for?. Why thankful they did not live in those times. He toad not uttered one word that he could not give them in black and white. There was no speculation in what he had teen saying. Again, ',yak at the workpeople. He heard talk of going in for shorter hours; if they had been there 100 years ago they would have known what it was to werk all day. Little children were carried in the arms to the mills at five o'clock in the morning, and were left at tee doors. Young children were employed at such an early age that they were dying on every side. The popu- lation was fast decrealine. , Where did they replenish their stock from. The Worlhouses. They took people out of the workhouses in those days with a vengence but they were brought to a terrible end. It had been said that the law did net go below the soil. There was no law that went into the atollieries.The coal was dragged by little children on all fours. There was nothing but cruelty to children in those days. The poor little chimney sweep. Many of them could remember how the black curtain was hung up and the little fellow sent up the flues, and if he stuck, why the fire was kindled underneath, and the little fellow had to go up the flue. But thank God those things were ended, that time was gone, and like a horrid nightmare it had passel away. Dealiag with the political aspect of those times, the speaker, said they had laws, but they were all made by the rich, and the poor were only regarded as poor dumb and deaf cattle. They were all made on the principle, and he hoped the young men present would bear it in mind that the poor then had duties bet no zigtits, whilst the rich had rights but no duties. That being the state of things it was little wonder that laws were broken, and when anyone offended against the law no solicitor or advocate was provi&d, The Press wal gagged. one editor of a Cambridge paper, who dared to find fault with the law that allowed 1,000 strokes of the "cat" to be given sailors for petty offences,. who dared to cry shame because one poor sailor had died. at the 750th etroke, was tieed £lOO for writing his ar;ocie and sent to prison for 6 months. Such was the state of things in Eagland at that time, that there were 227 capital offeaces committed in the one year, all punish- able with hanging, and all for such offences as eiecthig young, trees, shearing sheep ; injury to Westminster Bridges; stealing cloth worth 55. It was something horrible to think of. One of the judges of those nays had said " It was useless to try and reform criminals, the. only thine, they could do was Co hang them." And they did hang them, and so what with dying like rotten sheep, and hanging them wholesale, the population was becoming so reduced as to make the authorities afraid to take a census for fear the French should know bow few they were. (Leugh.er.) Look at the religious condition. Why Dr. Johnson had said that he never knew but one religious person in all his life, and that was John Wesley—(applause)—but he was in snch a hurry at the time that he could not talk to him. (Laughter) Such was the state of the country in the (a 55 of 100 years ago. The speaker then drew a graphic picture of the glorious work that had been accomplished by the 1 fathers of the cause of Methodism ; and of the gathering of those twelve noble young men in the room lent then-, by good old Mrs. Wallis, of Ketterieg Town. That was

virtually the first missionary meeting and getting hold of the true Methodist spirit those young men made a collection which • realisei £l3 23 6d. He wanted there to think of that for it came to ever a guinea a head. (Loud applause.) That was the spirit he waat•od to infuse into the million gumea fund. (Applause.) He wanted his hearers to consider well, whether they would have their names put on the roll. Lucy wen aware that the roll wou'd bo read in two years time; and when it was read out, and they heard it, would they like the thought to occur to them "I was shibby thqt day and did not do my duty."lt did not follow that they were to give the guinea (hoar, lymr), all that was expected was that they should try to give it. (Applause.) Finally the speaker having drawn a great contrast between the days gone by and the presen". time asked them to look upon their contri- bution to cue fund in the sense of gratitude for what Met`iodism had dons for thern,and to take that opportun. ity of thing something for Methodism (Loud applause.) Meisrs.G.Bellamy and A.R.Norm in (circuit stewards) also spoke, and asked those present to remember that this mission fund was something extra. (Applause.) They would still have to carry oa the work of the cir- cuit : therefore they hoped they would look upan it in that li,glet. (Loud applauie.) Misers. T. tiirnister and S.Barrow also spoke exhorting all to take up the scheme enthusiastically as a grave respon.ibliity. _ _

Tie local secretaries of the foul Messsrs. E. Taylor,J. Pavah and T. Woods then read the promises. It was atm anc3d that the sum alrealy anaountel to 901 guineas for the St. Paul's circuit. Amongst the amounts reat.i out wet.' Mr. F. J.Norman (family list) 80 guineas, Mr. Samutl Tayler 50 guineas, G. Bellamy 25 guineas. The aanouheemant WAS received with great enthu- siasm.

The stnging of the D)xology and the pronouncement of the Benediction by the &v. C. W. L. Christiana eoa.. eluded the meeting which lasted abut three hours.

MEE FING AT HALTON.

On Tuesday night a meeting was held- at Halton pre- ened over by Mr. Robert Hughes, when addressi's on the Million Fud were delivered by the Revs. C. W. L. ChriAle.i, it. J. Clifton, and J. A. B. Malvern, Messrs. S Barrow, Lonker and others. It was reported that 200 guineas wo b 3 raised in Halton. Toe Chairman. promised 10 guineas. At Weston 100 guineas were promised, and Weston Point have sent in a promise of 55 guineas, On all hands the utmost enthusiasm is being displayed, and already the Runcorn Circuit contribution to the Fund h Dist the anticipatel 1,000 and well on the way to 1,500 guineas.

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON. -- NEWTON CONGREGATIONAL DEBATING SOCIETY. At the usual weekly meeting of the above held. in the Congregational schoolroom, Newton,on Mon- day evening, Dr. Latham presiding, a lecture Was given by the Rev.F.E.Miller,the subject being "As- gard, and the Gods ot our Father." It was a most interesting discourse, conveying deep thought for theological students. _ 1.0.G.T. HOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE.

On Monday Brother T Cutler pr-sided over a good attendance of members and friends, it being open /night. After the usual busi- ness an excalleat pr 3gramme was nicely nn.lerei by the following friends: Mr G Dring, Mr Eaton, Mr Wilson, Mr Bullock, Miss E Woods, Miss Ord, accompanist Mr G Dring. Bra G Clarke m3ved a vote of thanks to the friends for their entertainment. This was seconded by Brother J Taylor and cirried. TRAP ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Monday afternoon, at ..irlestown, a van belonging to Mr. W. Monks, grocer, of Warrington, cams into violent collision with a pair horse lurry belonging to the Midland Railway Company. It appears that John Halton, Mr. Monks' carter, was proceeding to the Sankey Sugar Company's Works when the Midland lurry came down the lane at a gallop, there being only room sufficient for one cart, and Halton seeing the difficulty of the position backed his van against the wall, but was unable to avoid the collision. The force of the impact was very great, the van being ver; much damaged, and the horse injured, bat not sufficiently to prevent it from being walked home. Tile lurry sustained no damage.

PoLm CAsgs.

At ths Town Hall, Newton, on Monday, before Messrs. T. J. Gillespie and B.Stone, Thomas Moores was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night on the information of P.C. Woofe and was tined 2s 6d and costs; in default he was sent to goal for 7 days. Pas Kelly for a like offence was' sent to gaol for 14 days in default of paying a fine of 5s and costs. Pat Dooley was sent t ) gaol for 7 days for a similar offence. P.C. Gathercola proved both these cases. Pat Kelly was further charged with assaulting P.C.' s Gs.thercole and Woofe,and in default of paying a fine of 203 and costs was com- mitted to gaol for a month. Michael Macdonald was brought up under a warrant for being drunk and disorderly at Bartonwood on the 14th January and was fined 2561 and costs. Agnes Baxter of no fixed abode for soliciting was sant to gaol for a month.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLEEITOWN ORCHESTEkL SOCIETY.

On Sunday evening a sacred concert was given in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, under the aus- pices of the above society. There was a very good audience, and an excellent program:ne of sacred vocal and instrumental nauAc was submitted. The proceedings opened with the singing oi the hymn ' Sun of my soul." The vocalists were Mrs. Single- ton, whose contributions were" The B otter Land," and " The Star of Bethlehem,' each of which she sang in excellent taste, and Mr. C. IL Lee who sang the recit and air " Thus saith the Lord" and" But who may abide." The selections by the band were "La Diademe," " Kyrie," "Poet and Peasant," "Sanctus and Benedictus," and" Gloria," Mr. A. Holdsworth gave a cornet solo" The lost chord." The concert was most enjoyable throughout, and at the close a collection was taken in aid of the society's funds. INDEPENDRNT LABOUR PARTY, BARLESTOWN.

In connection with the Earlestown branch of the Independent Labour Party, a social evening was, held in the Co-operative doll on Saturday night. There was a very fair attendance,and the following programme was gone through :—Song, "England arise," glee party ; piano solo, "Toe Smile," C Hardy : recitation," rwo Women," (G R Sims) Mr T E Clough ; song, "Queen of the Earth," Mr J McCormick; story, "Flow Bill Adams won the battle of Waterloo," Mr E Grace; song, " Madeline," Mr R Galloway; selection on the graphophone, Nit Hazle- ton; piano solo, "The Monk's Prayer," Mr C McHardy song, " Alice, where art thou," Mr J McCormick; society sketch, "Twenty faces under one hat," Mr R King; recitation," The Lancet" (G R Sims) Mr T 0 Clough; song," Mary ot Argyle," Mr R Gallo- way; story, "The bookseller's dilemma," Mr E Grace: selection on graphoph one, Mr Hazitton ; song, " Sweet Marie," Mr Ii F Houghton. During the evening refreshments were provided by Mr and Mrs II Pearson, and thoroughly enjoyed, The evening was very pleasantly spent, the artistes giving every satisfaction. EARLRSTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIKTY.

The 153rd quarterly meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown. on Mon- day evening. Mr. D. Forrester presided, bat there was only a poor attendance of members: The ra.. port and balance sheet which were submitted and adopted showed that the cash receipts for the quar- ter were £7,305 19s 1111. being at' increase over last quarter of £927 2s 101 and compared with the corresponding quarter last year shows an increase of £1,645 113 6fi. The ne; profits realised were £1,102 10s, which it xvo:s prope-ed to distribute as follows :—To pay a dividend of 34in the ..£ to mem- bers which would requ!ra £l,OBO 7e 6d, and to de- vote the balance, £22 2s 6d to special reduction of fixed stock. During the quarter 72 new members had been admitted and ten had withdrawn, leaving 1,327 on the books, 973 of whom had brought in chques. Mr. D. Forrester was re-elected president without opposition, and he thank .d the members for the renewal of their confidence. Messrs. T. Swift and D. Barcroft were nominated for re- election on the committee. Mr. Thomas riaselden was re appointed auditor and Mr. T. Cave, as stock- taker. Mr. J. Latham was appointed members de. legate to the Co-operative Congress to be held in Liverpo)l during Whit week, and it was left to the committee to select a delegate fro:.-4 their body. The question of connecting the branch shops with the central by telephone was brought up, and it was stated that the tender of the National Telephone Company was £ll 103 per annum. After some dis- cussion it wm decided that the offer be accepted, but that the committee aqcertain what the extra charge would be for connection with the Trunk line at the same time, and if refoonable they were empowered to arrange for such c..onnection. It was decided to give a donation. of .Eo 5s to the South- port Confale-cent Home, In order that any member of tee Society could be accommodated with a re- commend to that Inetatution if desired. This was all the busines.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HillArlS.

DEATH FROM, BURNS AT ST. HELENS. Margaret Mitl, agqd twelve, ef 52, Back L3rd-strvt„ St. Helens, di < d in the P. ovidence Elespital on Tuesday from burns received on December Mb lad.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 4..- ,s, I, „

===== 0002601_18990217_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR. ATTENTION.

Every persen's furore is ro a certein extent in his own hand. Many a future which mignt have been brit- iaut has been darkened by lack )Itim4y prep tration to meet the exigencies and changes which occur in every day life. Many a home which rn:gial; Lev been glad- dened by life - ni health, and s,omfrt,has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many eases wholly preventable. There are, indeed, few that d) tilt feel the system needs recruiting after the trging feeling of lassitude, with others, "fl quite up to the mark," "a Sort of all over sinking feeling," " too weak to do any- thing about the house," "these recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These, and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some good tonic mixture, a reliable me- dicine of established reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters; it has never been known to fail. It's always the same, there can be no mistake about it. The careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the most stringent rules, assures the certainty that Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, is always efficacious and genuinely Successful in all cases of Indigerjon,Weakneas,Nervous- neS9, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, Dyspepsia, Liver Com- plaints, Neuralgia, and Influerza. We claim that Gwilym Evans's Q,linine Bitters is a General Benefactor of Suf- fering Humanity. Hundreds of testimonials pray° this, coming Lem all classes of the community. Pain is no respector of persons, be advised, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,a sovereign remedy for various ailmenti, for rich and poor alike. When you buy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, you get what you think you get, abso- lutely the Tonic of Natures own providing, comprised of the beneficient properties contained in Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion in addition to Quinine. It is not so much what you pay for a thing, but-what you get for what you pay. Don't listen to the "Just as good" argument, there is no Tonic " Just as good" as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it Stands supreme. To prevent disappointment, above all things see that you get the right article, with ths name " Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none ia genuine. Sold everywhere in bottles Zs. 9d. and 41.6 d. each, but should any difficulty be ex- perienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufac- turing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales,

OWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BUTTERS.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BETTERS

===== 0002601_18990217_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

CHARGES OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN.

At the Warrington Borough Police Coutt on Friday before the Mayor i_chairman) and other magistrates Margaret t;.= 1, Pilling's CNurt, wag charged with neglectin hree children, Margaret Ann, Alice and John, on February 2nd and other dates.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—lnspector McAteer said defendant, was a single woman. He gave evidence in support of the charge, which disclosel a terrible state of things at de- fendant's home. The Bench adjourned the case for a week on the defeLdant's promise to go into the Work- house.—George and Selina Forster, 27, Napier-street, were also charged with neglecting their eight children on the 2nd February and other dat/es.—lnspector McAteer_ said the male defendant was a tanner in constant employment and earning good wages. The children were insufEci.ntly clothed. The child (Arthur) was completely nakNi and was a cripple. In the front bedroom upstairs was a b-,tl occupied by the two defendanta and the three youngest children,covered with a counterpane and a sheet which were filthy in the extreme-. The Inspector gave further evidence in sup- port of the case.—P.C. Heal( y and Sergeant Evans gave corroborative evi ience.—The male defendant said he did not wcrk regularly tui-, he gave hi wile sufficient. —Sarah Forater,mother of the male dcf,,ndant,sail there was a bit of neglect but nothing like what had been said.—The Bench dismissed the case against the man and commit the woman to gaol for 14 days.

DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT OF OUTSIDE-PORTERS AT BANE QUAY STATION.

At the Warrington Borough POliC3 Court on Monday before Mr. Birchall (chairman), and other magistrates. John Whittaker, Cloth Halliard, Ralph Norman, Alphonse Cullen, John Heaton, and Jamea Hopkins, (of Rose and Cr3ven.street, were summoned for obstructing the footpath in Parker-attest on the 6th February.— Hopkins did not appear. They all ple ided guilty except Heaton.—P.C. Healey said he saw defenlants on the 6.h February standing on the footpath in front of Bank C3ay Station. Tney were wanting to carry passengers parcels. Passengers complained about the nuisance,and a lady refused to gr, into the et tion without being ac- companied by the officer. She said "the ruffians" were there as she came in from Liverpool. The cab-Jrivers at the station said they would not pay for a license if de- fendants were allowed to impede them. The officer had previously cautioned them.—Patrick Clark, cab-driver, gave corroborative eviderace.—Detective Ho wells,London and N( rth-Western Railway, said defendants were a per- fect pest. They were at the station every day in the week. The railway company kept outside porters. The lady referred to was Mr. Wright and gave her ad. dress as Fairfield-street, but they had not been able tb find her. Defendants' conduct towards her was dig- graceful.—The Chief Constable said Whittaker made his 29th appearance, and bad had a month's imprisonment for a sinaPar offence. Heaton had made 26 appearances and had been fined 403 and costs for a similar offence. Hopkins had been 22 times before the Court, and had been fined for obstruction. Cohen and Norman made their first appearance.—Whittaker, Norman, and Cullen were fined 53 each, Heaton 5s and costs (12e) and Hop- kins lOs and costs (17s).__

===== 0002601_18990217_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A MONTH FOR NEGLECT OF CHILDREN,

At the Warrington Borough Pollee Curt on Monday morning, before Mr. Birchall (in the chair) and other magistrates, Richard Newton, a powerfully built man, was charged with neglecting his children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health.—lnspector McAteer said the ages tot the child- ren were 13 years, 11 years, five years and seven months respectiv,ly.Last Friday, in consequence of a complaint he received, he went to the prisoner's house in Robin- son's-yard with Sergeant Evans. They saw the wife, who "had a black eye," and the children, who were in- sufficiently clothed. The home was almost devoid of furniture,and "the bed was indescribable." He applied for a warrant for the apprehension of the man, and he was arrested that morning. He should call Sergeant Evans, who would say that the prisoner was " nothing but a druoken lazy scoundrel." He could find work with a c litractor, but*he wou'd not do anything.—Mrs. Newton said that during the past f,)tir or five months her husband had left her and the children almost in a state of destitution.—Sergeant Evans deposA that the prisoner was a habitual drunkard. He had known him on many different cmasions turn out his wife and family and they had to sleep in outbuildings. He had behaved most brutally to them for years. The defendant ate the last bit of bread there was in the house.—The Chairman (to prisoner).—The decision of the Bench is that you be committed to prison for one month with hard labour. You have got off very well indeed. A MARRIAGE ARRANGED AT THE VVARRINGIT )N POLICE

thought it advisable to adjourn the case to give defendants a chance. He was glad to say there had b sea an irnprovement tud he would as: their worships to withdraw the charge a.gainst thorn on their promise to look after the home.—The case was withdrawn. _ _

SATURD tY.—Bafor3 Mr. Ge lies (chiirman) and Mr. T Birchall.

DRUNK IN DIAL STREET.—Thorn Brundre't was charged with baing drunk in Dial•strlet the previous night, and fined 53 ant 4 costs or seven days in default. .

- MONDAY—Before \lr. Birchall (chairman), Alderman Blank- hurst, Councillors Shaw Green and Smethurst, and •111 r.

Joseph Wright. DRUKK ANY' DISORDERLY—The following Were fined for this offence r—lilary Broderick, 14. Haydock-street, be. and costs or seven days ; John Randall, ironworker. last from Ashton. 5s and costs or seven days : John Carroll, Ship- yard, 103 and costs or 14 days ; Margaret Talley, Croppers' Brow, 53 and costs or seven days. MINOR OFF ENC ES .—George Strainer, Friars' Gate. was fined lOs and costs, for being drunk in charge on February sth.—John Barry and Samuel Crozier. were bound over for committing a breach of the peace on February 4th. A PAWNBROKER FINED FOR OBSTRUCTION.—Edgar Valentine Morton pawnbsoker, Winwick-street, was summoned for leaving goods, namely, tables, sofas, bedsteads, chars, Ac., on the pavement in front of his shop on the Bth February.—Police Constable Heap stated that the goods were an obstruction from 2.15 p.m. until 5.30 p.m. on tbe date in question. Only the previous day he cautioned defendant.—The Chief Constable said last October Mr. Morton was fined lOs and twice previ- ously lOs and costs and 3s and costs for similar offences. There was an appeal arising out of one case, but the case had Peen upheld.—The magis rates fined defendant who was represented by his manager 20s and costs (21 lOs 61). A BOOT :SOP MANAGER FiNED. —John Roberts, 43, Horse- market-street was summoned for allowing loots to project over the footpath on February 2nd.—The manager appeared and pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said he had twice personally cautioned defendant.—The manager said he was acting under orders when he put the boots outside the shop. —The Chief Constable said that law was above orders in cases of olsetruction.—P.O. Corbett said the boots hung from gas pipes and frame work. He had previously cautioned de- fendant.—Mr. Birchall stated that articles placed outside shops were an inducement to thieves. Shopkeepers did not rent the streets.—Defendant was fined 5s and coits (118.) ACTED UNDER A MISAPPRIRENSION.—George Moseley, 10, Grosvenor-street, Chorlton-on-Medlock, was summoned for leaving a traction engine in Church-place, on the Bth Feb- ruary.—P.C. Sankey proved the ease, and stated that the engine was there from 1115 p.m. until 6.15 the following morning.—Defendant said he was going to Great Sankey,but when he reached the Cemetery be found it was too late to go through the town. He was told by a gentleman who lived in Church-place that he could leave the engine in front of his house, as it as private property.—Thi Chief Constable said that as defendant was acting under a misapprehension he would withdraw the charge on payment of costs. TUESDAY. —Before Mr.. R. Garnett (chairman), and Mr.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
COURT.

At the Warringtm Berou.h Police Court on Tuesday. Edward James Barker and Winifred Neon were charged with neglecting their six children on the 9th February and other dates.—lnspector McAteer saii tne defendants were not married and the children were illegitimate,and their ages ranged from 12 years to 1 year. On the 9th of February he went to the home of the defendants who resided at 4, Providence Place. Lythg es-lane, in corn pany with Sergeant Evans. The female defendant and the four youngest children were in The house and they were all very poorly clothed. The only furniture in the kitchen was a small table and an orange bot and prac- tically no cooking utensils. A room downstaira was occupied by an elf man and woman. The bedroom oce,u- pied by the children was such a sight as he had never before seen. Witness then described the condition of the home. Upstairs, wltne33 cnntinued, it was almost impossible for any human lYing to live through its con- dition.—Sergeart Evans who gave corroborative evi- dence., said it was a dreadful eight upitairs.—Dr. Bow- den also gave evidence.—Mr. Birchall : I shall never forget the sight of that house when I visited it.—Defend- ant Barker said he had not had the moans; he had been working a bit in t'ne mills at the forei''e.Asked by the Chair- man why they were not married Barker said thy had got together when young and bad not thou.eht about it. —The result of a conversation between the Chairman and defendants was a promise to get marri, d and look after their home and children better. The Police Court Missionary (Mr. Henry Taylor) was deputed to see that this arrangement was properly carried out, and the Bench adjourned the case for a monlh.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN Olt CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRlDAY.—Before the Myor (qmirmati) Alderman Roberts,

Dr. Gornall, and Mr. J. Repherd. AN' ADJOURNED CASE.—The charge of neglect of children against Edward and Rose Ann Jeffers which wss ad- joarned a month ago was again brought up.—lnspector McAteer Gai'i the defendants had been charged with neglecting their three children, asb-1 the magistrat,s had

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

gift : „i4'a

Sma'' Pill. - . Dose.

_ BEAU T!FU L TEETH for ail wh, uF,e daily on the tooth ;rush a few arops 01 SOZODONT '

Price. irty iu a

_ *SI Pux vl7 ego- NE,

pleasantest Con'..ifrice world.

'l7,

-- - Cleanses the teeth and ET:..ces between them 2 n othi n! else. will. Sound 2r1,1 pe•tri- white teeth s re:i; lips, auzi tr.yzrant oreath ensured. far SOZODONT. 28. Coci.

I,

praavt:y : Lllll.l tO A C ls.

, •-.1. ' -44E:MITE S Z 1 I TLEI F ....

===== 0002601_18990217_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Thomas Birchall.

TEARING AN OFFICER'S COAT.—MargarA Burke, who made her 25th appearance, was charged with being drnak and dis- orderly in Winwick-stre3t on Monday nighc. and witb damaging an officer's coat to the amount of 23. —P.O. Bennet:, who proved the case, said defenaant Wee snatching at his whistle when his coat was damaged.—The Bench sent defendant to prison for a month. ScHoot, ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following parents were summoned for the irrevlar attendance of their children at school. Mr. Jones, school attendance officer, proved the cases :—Charles Muir, madman, 52, Aikin-street. order and 5s costs ; John Plinston, hawker, 3,, Price-street, adjourned ; Daniel Harris, forgeman, 2. Dale-street, deed Is ; Edward Davies. labourer, 10, Admiral-street, 23 6d ; Richard Tranter, forgeman, 2, Warburton-street, be ; John Meakin, labourer, 24, Orchard-street, adjourned; Thomas Healey. labourer, 3, Stanley-street: 2s 6d ; Allen Wilkinson, forgernmt, 41. Hoyle-street. ss; John Cummings, bricksetter, 39. Tilley-street, order and is ; and William Tryner, forge- man, 67, Catherine street, ss.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
watutiNGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNE3DAY.—Before Mr. G. Comber (in the chair), Mr. J. White, and Mr. C. Morris.

THE BENEFIT OF THE Dousr.—Robert Hudson, Of Rainhill, was summoned for having been drunk in charge of a traction engine at Woolston on January 25th. He pleaded not guilty, and stated th tt he had never been drunk in his life. —P.C. Bellinger said that shortly after midnight on the date in question defendint was furiously driving a traction engine through Woolston. There was no lamps on the engine. Witness stopped him and told him he was drunk. Defend- ant went in the Rope and Anchor Inn, and was refused drink on account of his condition. He afterwards drove off furiously.—The barmaid at the Rope and Anchor gave cur- roboraLive evidence.— Defendant denied the offence —The

magistrates gave him the benefit ot the doubt, and dismias,id he ease.

A WINWICIC MAN FINED FOR UNJUiT SQAIER.—James Toole. of Winwick,was surnmmoned for using unjust weights and scales on February Bth —lnspector Sheppard said the scales were 211,. short, and a 561 b. weight was 21b. 4oz. too light.— Defendant was fined 5s and Costs. CHARGE OF NEGLEOT WITHDRAWN.--The case agaiast John Albert Stead, Long Barn-lane, Woulston. for neglecting six of his children, and which was adjourned from the December court, was withdrawn on the application of In- spector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C.. who stated there was a satis- factory improvement in the condition of the house and family. MINOR CASES.—Owen Sweeney, of Houghton. was filed 53 for having bee drunk and disorderly on February Bth. J-lin Ross, of Penketh, was fined 5s for having been drunk at Penketh, on February 4th. and John Fagan, tor a similar offence at Burtonwood, on February sth, was fined 5s and costs.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONB. MONDAY.—Before Mess, s.__lV.. Timrnias (in the chair)

and J. Ockleston.

LICENSING.—Mrs. Ellen Vose, wife of the late Mr. John Vose, of the Prospect Inn, Weston, apnlied for the transfer of the license to her own narne.---Clranted --Temporary authority was granted to Mary Ellen Ind, to sell at the Royal Hotel, Mersey•street

ALLEGED CRUELTY TO A HORSE AT WESTON.—Peter Noon, earth-aware dealer, Runcorn, was summoned for alleged cruelty to a pony at Weston on the 4th of February.—De`en4- ant pleaded not guilty.—From the evidence of Ezra Darling- ton, Lightburn-street. (in the employ of the Runcorn Co- operative Society), William Dunbavin, Old Hall Farm and Police Constable Wylie, it appeared that the horse fell down in the vicinity of the Co-operative Stores, at Weston. I injured its knees and scratched itself, and was in their opinion unfit for work.—Defendant admitted thst the horse had fallen, and had its knees injured, but sub- mitted that the wounds were nothing but superficial. This statement was borne out by the evidence of Inspector Hicks, who had examined the pony on the following morning. He described the animal as a small brown pony, agei. It appearegl to be a bit stiff all round, but WAS in fairly good condition for an aged pony.—The Bench dismissed the case.

TRESPASSING IN PURSUIT OF GAME.—Charles Stubbs of Clifton, was summoned on the information of Albert Edward West, for trespassing in pursuit of game on land belonging to Mr. Joseph A.,tbury, at Halton, on the 23th of January.— In answer to the charge " guilty or not guilty," defendant replied I Duppose I will have to do so ?'' Su3sequently he pleaded not guilty.—According to the statements of Albert Edward West (assistant gamekeeper to Sir Richard Brooke) and George Rigby, the defendant was observed upon the land about 83 or 100 yards from the road. He was peepiag into the hedges and had the appear- ance of being in search of game. Upon seeia.; them he turned back, but wss stopped and subsequently searched by a constable; nothing was found upon him however.— Defendant admitted being on the land, but stated that he was looking for a place to go eel spearing in the afternoon. He had no spe sr with him at the time.—The Banch con- sidered that the &fondant was upon the land, and that he could not give a satisfactory account o' himself —A floe of les and 120 costs, or 14 days was inflicted.—Defendant went to gaol.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKINGS, FEATI-IE RS,

may be dyedGOWNS and CLOAKS a black that will not fade or Diamond smudge if you

use FAST

Dyes

Diamond Dye Fast 161acks are ot three kinas—one for wool. one for cotton, and one for silk and feathers. Will not fade or wash out, and the first trial with a 6d. package cures complete success, for They are Easy to Use and they Stay Black, These qualities, with their cheapness—for one 6d. pack- age makes an old gown like new—commend them to all. liar A dainty book " Suc- cessful Home Dyeing "and Card of 45 samples of dyed cloth, sent gratis and post free. Address,

DYES, 31-k 32 Snow Hill, London, E.

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD'S CONCERT.

Mr. Tom Boothroyd gave his second concert in the assembly Room at the Conservative Club, on Monday evening, when the artistes were Miss Dorotty Truslove (juvenile soprano), Miss Lena Dodson (contralto), Mr. J. P. Rebins-m (tenor), Mr. Tom Boothroyd (solo violin), with Mr. B3othroyd's Banjo, Mandoline, and Guitar Band, and humorous songs, whistling solos, sketches, &c., by the gramo- phone. The accompanist was Miss Florence Booth- royd. There was a large attendance, and several of the artistes were re•called for their excellent per- formances.

k k sr • FA, 41 ACK f ~t. t ~..J.cti --. 4.. %pi 0- ---.. , .....v,-- ...!% en :r. ~ x- -= , .4.7,,. 1 1 'MOND

===== 0002601_18990217_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CIRICKHTERS will be glad to know thit Geo. G. Bussey & Co.'s Catalogue is out, and may be obtained from sports Dealers. This Manufacturing Firm is always bent on improvements. One of G. G. B. & Co.'s Specialities for the coming Season is the new " Match "Ball, which, by reason ouan improved method of constructing the cover, they guarantee will keep a true shape longer,and weir better than f y ball made under the old system. The price remains tue Same.—Advt. (2)

===== 0002601_18990217_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOR COUPETITION.

THE REDS ROUTED AT WILDERSPOOL.

Great was the excitement manifested at Warrington in the return mat± with Saiford on Saturday. Tne fact that there had ben no football in the town for three weeks had whetted the appetite of the enthusi• ast to an unusual degree. Then again, Salford were leaders of the League ehampionsnip but a week previous and might still be considered in the running when they came to Warrington. A crowd numbering about 6,000 lined the Wilderspool ground, which was in fine candi- tion. The Reds brought a couple of hundred spectators with them, but were short of several of their best players, including T. Williams (captain), J. Hoskins, B. Griffiths, and D. Smith, most of whom were on the in- jured list. Warrington had their best team up. Fine weather favoured the match, which was of a most ex- citing description all through. Mr. A. G. Paul was the referee, the players in his charge being as follows : Warrington : J. Eia!larn, full-back ;J. Fish, J Cross, D. Isherwood, and E. Harris, nree-quarters ; r Bate, and J. Astacus,. half backs ; Naylor, Taylor, Sudlow, Boardman, Fairhurst, Swift, Scholtzs, and Townend, forwa ds.

Saifurd : A. Smith, full back; France, Thomas, Pearson, and Heath, thres-qu trters ; I. Grey and Ben- nion half backs ; Tunney, Gledhill, Whitehead, Rhapps, if Williams, Holland, Bevan, and Fisher forwards. Taylor st irted operations for Warrington against the sun, and no return being made the home furwards dribbled almost to the Salford line. Bate secured the oval, and pissing by Cross and Isherwood caused the Reds to fall back still further. Smith fell ire catching the ball, and had to scramble for it on his hands and knees, saving in the nick of time. Bennion and Grey broke away from the scrimmage, but Harris upsetthe latter before he had traveled far. A kick from touch put Smith in diffi- culties again, Grey coming to the rescue. Isherwood responded with a gravel run and passed to Fish, who dodged over very cleverly at the coruer, only to have his effort disallawed by the touch judge. Warrington kept up the attack, Bate, Isherwood, Cross. and Fish exchanging to advantage though the latter was bowled over. Hallam ran and punted powerfully, but Smith proved safe and warded danger off fur the moment. Warrington were soon hovering round the visitors' line again, and a clever dribble participated ire be Bate, Taylor, and Sudlow r?sulted in a try to the latter amidst deafening cheers. Hallam tried at goal fr m a difficult plac-, but failed miser- ably. Thomas kicked out again only to be baffled by Bate who gave Warrington the whip-hand again. Pear- son looked like getting clear, but Boardman was teo sharp for the spvdy threequarter. At last Thomas go away, and runnine strongly accompanied by France a score seemed cer'aio. The line was nearly reaeled when Harris came up at top speed and pounced on Thomas before he cauld pass and Warrington were saved. Sal- ford were in a good position however, and utilised their chance. Grey threw with! to Heath who dashed over in the twinkling of are eye, placing the teams on level terms. Warrington had scarcely dropped out before the agile Pearson dashed through the three- quarter line and passed to France who romped over at the corner to the dismay of the home crowd. No goal r suited. Warrington immediatly set to work, tu retrieve the disaster, Harris being prominent wile dash- ing play. The forwards pushed their burly opponents back, and Warringtoa were saon 'emending away at the Salford defence. Fish and Harris teeth made brilliant efforts to score, only to be knocked in touch near the ine. Bate put in a short kick near the goal, and there I as a wili mslee on the line, Salford E aviug but failing W clear eut the invaders. Bate again secured and banged the ball across to Harris, who accounted for France in summery fashion, and sewed grandly near the corner. The fact that the teams were again level was duly recognised. Every nerve was now strained to obtain the lead, "lay- lor's goal kick having failed. Naylor got over after robbing Smith on the line, but was brought back. Grety relieved only to be grassed by Harris. Seltord were penalised for off-side tactics, and Ashurst being en- trusted with the kick landed a goal, thus giving War-

rington the lead. Pearson and Isherwood were promi- nent with smart work for their respective sides before the interval, which arrived with the score, Warrington 8 points, Salford 6 points. Tunney opened the second moiety with a kick which was returned by Hallam. For a time play was even and uninteresting, but at last Warrington assumed the upper hand,Harria forcing a minor. Salford were bard pressed, and some tuinbling on tie line gave Naylor an oppor- tunity to dribble over and score a grand try near the posts. Ashurst had another try at goal, but Wig unsuccessful. The home team prayed with irresistible dash,completely bottling their opponents up. Sterling forward play gave th 3 Reds some anxious moments, but J. Williams and Smith saved. Bate nearly dodged over, and Harris was also te the fore with a good run. Fish had been neglected for a time, but Bate got away cleverly and gave him a pass which was c:Aiverted into a try instanter. Again the goal kick was a failure. Pearson changed the as- peut of affairs with a clinking run into the home half, but Warrington were quickly back to the attack. As- hurst gave Cross a pass which should have resulted in another try, but Cross missed the ball badly. Salford rallied and obtained a footing in the home quarters, where France received from Tunney and loosed like scoring when Isherwood bewled him in touch. Bennion punted to the line,lsherwood making a useful mark and clearing the Reds our. Time arrived shortly after with the score reading, Warrington, one goal four tries, (14 points) ; Salford, two tries, (6 points).

. • , A HARD GAME AT LEIGH. WARRINGTON DEFEATED.

The return match bstween Warrington and Leig:l3, at Leigh, which had be ri postponed owing to the frost was , played on Tuesday afternoon before about 2,000 specta- tors. Warrington tok a str mg team, the only change from that of Saturday being J. Wilcox (late Ebbw Vale) at half-back, ia place of Ashurst, and Ashurst at centre in place of Cross. The j mrney was made by 'bus,some- thing like a hundred speztators accompanying the team in one way or another. Weather of best description faveured the event, and the ground at Leigh being in fair order, a splendid game was the result. Mr. J. Smith (Widnes) was the relents, and the teams lined out as follows :

Warringtin : Flallaton. full-back; Fish, Ashurst,lsher- wood, and Harris, Voree-quarters; J T Bate and J Wilcox half-backs ; Taylor, Naylor, Boirirnan, Fairhurst,Swift, Sudhw, Townend, and Scholtze, forwards. Loigh : J Winstanley, full back; T Coleman, J Cole Roan, E Pearson, and T Davies, thrsequarters; Molyneux and Dunhavin, half backs ; Taylor, Smith, Boardman, Macrnasters, W Roberts, J Roberts, Ramsdale, and Arrowstnith, f orwards.

Leigh won the toss and had the son behind them in the first half. The wind blew across the ground and did not help either side much. Taylor started for Warrington eight minutes late,and exchange kicking between Dun- bavin, Fish and Win-t tniey followed, Leigh having the advanta,ze and forcing a minor point. Warrington for- wards retaliated with an effective dribble headed by Taylor, and Leigh being penalised in addition they were hard pressed. Molyneux transferred play to the centre again with a long punt. Wilcox, Bate, Ashuret, and Fish cambined prettily and Winstanly was tacked with the ball. Leigh played with great dash and assumed the aggressive,only to he checked by Wilcox, Bate, and Isherwood, who passed well. J. Coleman tricked Bate neatly and was going well fcr the line when Fish sprinted up and saved the situation for Warrington. A miskick at centre by Isherwood nearly let Davies in, Warrington having to defead hard. The Leigh halves got the ball out and passing cleverly they drew the Warrington men away from T. Davies and then threw across for the Welshman to score a good try at the corner. J. Coleman tried at goal but was unsuccessful. Hallam and Fish gave War- rington the upwr hand for a time with good punting. Harris made a daJa f ir the line from a punt by Isher- wood but was tackled. Then Bate almost got over, and Fish making a mark Ashurst tried at goal, the ball drop- ping; snort. Davits raised the seige with a speedy run and Warrinton were soon defending again. Dunbavin secured an running in marvellous fashion tricked Bate. Fish, and Hallam, finally scoring a splendid try in good posidol. Molyneux made a good attempt to improve. Leigh. kept up the pressure. Davies and Dunbavin being kept, out with difficulty. Half-time arrived with Leigh Loading by 2 tries to nil. Molyneux started again, and Warrington immediately set about wining off arrears. Swif: charged a kick down and led the forwards in a dribble right to the Leigh line. Bat 3 secure I and threw across to Harris who was brought down by Davies. Then Wilcox, Bate, and Isherwood combined in a splendid movement which was spoiled through Isherwood failing to pass to Harris who had an alms 1 clear course. Wilcox passed to Harris, and the latter kicked to th 3 line where Winstan- ley saved luckily. Warrington were playing in fine style, ad completely bottle] the home backs up. F4ll broke L away on the left and got near the use before being corn-

pelted to pace, when Bate and Ashur3t took up the run- ning, and the la' ttr gained a try. liherwood made a fair attempt to land a goal. Warrington kept up the at- tack in sOrited fashim.Elailam caught tne ball aid run- ning grandly to centre pasted to harris, and the latter raced to the Leigh en' where he was tacklel, and for some reason the r .feree awarded L-igh a free kick, thus nullifying a fine piece ot work. Hirris again troubled Winstan'ey, who made a mistake by kicking from behind his lilt,. Warringt m scrummaged under the posts, Wilc)(1- passing smartly t Ashurst, and the latter to Fish, who wily d off Warrington's arrears with a try at the corner. No g4l resulted,and from this point the strug4le became a desperate one. Leigh rallied and Tom Davies got going only to he grassed by Wilcox. Then Fsh mad t a blunder, appealing f)r offside and letting the home forwards rush the ball nearly to the lice.-almost immediately after Dunbavin throw to J. Coleman, wh) squeezed in at the corntr, amid ringing cheers by the home cr)Yril. Molyneux again failei at 1 goal. Leigh crossed the Warrington line again five minutes later, nu': the effort was nullified for offside. Warrington made another rush before the finish, but met with a stubborn defence, and Lime came with Leigh winners by 3 tries to 2 tries. MORECAMBE v. RUNCORN.

At Morecambe, in flee bright weather. Farmer star- td for the viiitorr against a fresh breeze, and play settled down at the centre, until the M•recambe backs gained ground wi•ia a smart passing movement.lly kicked nicely in reply, and the game again settled mid- way. Thornton, by a feeble return, almost let in the visitors, but Morecambe eventually relieved, and the ball travelled rapidly frem end to end, Wilkinson ran smartly, but lost possession when dangerous. More- cambe in turn pressed, but Houghton returned to the centre, and Runcorn, by smart back play, forced Morecambe to save. Wilson and Hadwen, by a smartly co.nbined run, reached the Runcorn quarter, Butter- worth being smartly tacklcd Several tough scrum- mages followed near the visitors' line, but Morecambe were unable to break through the fine defence, although presqing to the interval. At half-time nothing had been scor.ad. After changing ends Morecambe showed up better, their forwards gaining possession oftener than their opponents, whilst their thr T-quarters, Had wen, Wilson, and Blacow, initiated some briliant passing movements. Time alter time they got down to the Run- corn line, but they could ;rot score. Eventually Run- corn gained the upper hand, and aided by the strong wind, got to the Morecambe line, where Taylor secured a try, which was improved by Farm T. The game be- tame exciting, and somewhat rough play was shown, which the referee appeared unable to check. Graham, a Morecambe player, was ordered off the field. Farmer placed a goal from a penalty k ck for Runcorn, and to- wards the close Walker scored an improved try. Final score ;—Runcorn, three goals and two tries (12 points) ; Morecambe, nil. TYLDESLEY v. ST. HELENS.

For the return match with St. Helens, on the Well- street ground, the Tvldesley team was slightly altered, trials lasing given to J. Aldred at three-quarter and J. Berry at half, beth from the Tyldesley Parish Church. The visitors were fairly represented. Briers etarted,and there being no return Liversage made for the home line but J. Barry tackled him effectively. Through smart play by Johnson and J. Berry the centre was reached, where a round of passing was initated by Johnson, but Doherty intercepted a pass in his own quarter, and, running finely, succeeded in scoring a capital try. which Foulkes failed to improve. The visitors again teak up the running ; but for the fine kicking and tackling of Farrimond would probably have added to the score. Just before the interval Farrimond had hard lines with a penalty. The teams crossed over with St. Helens a try to the good. On resuming play was of a more even character, though the visitors' pws'ng was much better than that of the hme teate, and from a round started by Little, Liversage added a try at the corner, Hunter failing at goal. This re emed to rouse the home players and after Aldred had made a fine run the whole of the forwards, headed by Worthington, took up the running, and Eckersley secured a try, which Farrimond failed to convert. After this the game became exciting, but lack of dash and finish spoiled an attempt by Tyldesley, and no further scaring took place. Result :—St. Helens two tries ; Tyldesley one try.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.4. w

===== 0002601_18990217_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNE3 -v. WIGAN.

At Whines. Wigan kicked off, and Lewis got well down the field, but Baty returned smartly, and the ball was taken to the Wignn half. O'Brien gained possession from the s !rummage, but the passing of the backs was faulty. On the other hard, Murphy,Rispan,and Nevitt, passed smartly, and the Wig in lines were again threat- ened. Aspey made a mark, but Batey failed at goal. Widnes pressed severely,anci from a forward rush Travis almost scored. At length O'Brien picked up from the pack and passed to Nevitt,who threw the ball to Martin, and that player scored brilliantly at the corner, Baty failing at goal from a difficult position. Continuing, smart passing took place between Murphy, O'Brien, Nevitt, and Manin, the latter being brought down on the line. Lewis and Riley relie7ed with a smart run,Mar- tin saving. Then Travis charged Lewis's kick down, and scored another try for Widnes, Baty failing at goal. Half-time score :—Widnes, two tries; Wigan nil. Widnes restarted and immediately broke away, Dixon saving, Travis and Nevitc ran smartly, and the latter passed to Martin, who pressed. Dixon relieved with a clever dribble, and the ball wa3 sent into touch. 'Then the for- wards dribbled well,and Hines saved luckily with a fly. in kick. Nevitt had a kick charled down, and the Wigan forwards, headed by Ball, dribbled up the field and had tne home lines apparently at their mercy Martin, however, raced up and kicked the ball into touch. Brennan, Donnelly,and Leyshan relieved with a good dribble. Ball gave Dixon a splendid opportunity, which the latter failed to utilise, but Martin scored a try for Widnes. Final score ;—Widnes, one goal and three tries (11 points) ; Wigan nil.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCabil.,E-EIORNETS v. SWINTON,

The visitors displayed fine firm at Rochdale, and won by two goals and three tries to nil. Bevan (two) and Mes3er obtained tries, and Mirgan dropped one of the goals.

OLDHAM v. STOCKPORr.

Fully 12,000 persons viewed this match at Oldham, where the home side won handsimely by eight tries to nil,:ja result chiefly due t 3 the good play of Lees, Williams. and Frater.

YORKSHIRE SENIOR COUPETITION.

MANNINGIIA.M V. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

This naatch at Manningham produces a go3d game, the result being a draw of two goals two cries each. Donaldson Bentley and Rhodes for the homn team, and Walton, Metcalfe and Lockwood for Trinity, were the scor4rs.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGHOUSE RANGERS v. LIVERSEDGE.

The Rangers won on their own ground by two goals and two tr:e3 to one dropped goal. Ross and Battyo got tries, and Hartley dropped a goal fGr the winners,while N. Parkin gained the visitors' goal. BATLEY v. LEEDS.

A rather one-sided game was witnessed at Leeds, the visitors gaining a handsome victory by three goals and two tries to nil. G3odall and Oatsley obtained thetries, two of which were converted by Davies and Oatsley.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
fiECKMONDWIKE -v. BRAMLEY.

A close ma.ten took place between these fifteens at fieckmonJwike, the home team winning by the narrow margin of a penalty goal—kicked by Shaw—to nil. HOLBECK v. HUDDERSFIELD.

Two goals and one try to ail in favour of Ho!beck was the result of this game on the victor's ground: Duke securad a try, which he improved upon, and O'Brien dropped a goal. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH V. HUNSLET.

Led s was the venue of this match. Plannah and A Goldthorpe scored for Huuslet, while MeNicholas and Mosley performed a like service for the Ogurch,the game ending in a draw of one goal one try each. HULL v. BRADFORD.

Hull entertained Bradford, and easily defe tted them by four goals and five tries to two goals one try. For- Shaw, Driscoll, Tanner and Franks obtained tries and Jaques kicked the goals for Hull, while Thloison and Pat ick scored for the losers.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CASTLEFORD v. HALIFAX.

There was no score in this game at Castleford till near the close, whei Holland crossed the Halifax line, thus giving the home team victory by one try to nil.

LANCASEIIRE "A" TEAMS' COMPETITION.

WARRINGTON "A" v. SALFORD ' A."--Thsse teams met at Salford on Saturday. Tao Warrington team was composed as follows :—Boscow, full back ; Moores, Rat- cliffe. Hockenbull, and Duckworth, three-quarter backs; Wilcox. and Allea half back ; Deakin, Morrison, Cun- ningham, Hatton,Skelhoro,Wilc3ck.J.illey and With tine, forwards. SL:tord kicked off against a s:rong, wini,and the visitori hal no difficulty in keeping them in check, the play settling in the h nne half. Warringtm hal ex- tremely hard lines in not scoring Wilcox, the new half back, played a good game wilt Hckenbuhl was the pick of the three-quarters,aad gave a fine exhibition. The forwards c )nabined wet!, Morrifoa, Diakin and Hatton showing up prominenzly. Toe game was very keen and full of excite:neat to the finisa, and neither team were able to register a tangible point, the result being a pointless draw.

LANCASUIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE. FLETCHER. RUSSELL'S GAS ENGINEERS V. RUNCORN HORNETS.

Played at Warrington, on Saturday. The visitors won tho tcas. and Warburton commenced the game for the home team. Early on Patrick was prominent with a goo I run, which almost allied in a score. From the scrimmage whicn ensued the visitors took the ball to mia -Id, where, after a series of qcrimmagea, Scott

commenced a passing movement in which the whole of the backs took part, Antrobus being knocked into touch at the corner flag. The home team still continued to press, and times cut of numb r had hard lines in not registering something tangible. Lawless sow got pos- session and ran well, and passed to Scott, but the ball was knocked forward. From the pack the Hornets dribbled into the home quarters for the first time. From a scrimmage the visitors gained possession and scored. A goal was landed from the easy position. After the restart Fletcher's again commenced to press. and Hampson following op a kick grounded the ball, but the try vas disallowed. For the rest of the first half Fletcher's kept up the pressure, but could not score. Half-tims—Runcorn Hornets, one goal and one try (five points); Gas Engineers, nil. Resuming, Fletcher's were again in the visitors' half, and play was of a scrambling nature for a time. From a pass by Scott to Sutton the last-named player dropped a splendid goal fcr Fletcher's. After a grand bout of passing Lawless scored near the corner, Knight making a goad attempt te add the major points. The drop out saw the ball in Knight's hand, and with a smart return the visiting back was grassed before he could return. Scett made a bold bid for the line, but was checkel. The Hornets c'eared,but not for long, as Patrick after a good run got over, the goal kick again failing. Play was now taken beyond mid-field, when tke Hornets showed some pretty work, but War- burton checked this and the home team dribbled the ball up the field and Warburton scored, the same player kicking a fine goal. Final—Fletcher, Russell's Gas En- gineers, two goals and three tries (13 points) ; Runcorn Hornets, one god one try (five.points).

===== 0002601_18990217_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
64,0.9.10.0.00.200•04.6.006.0441 0 Symington's Edinburgh Coffee 0 Essences are made from a se- lection of the finest coffees grown. e. Sold in small and large bottles by all Grocers. 0•006.0.000•04,11442.#114000.0.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
HUCKEY.

STOCKTON HEATH v. sours MANCHESTER.

Played at Warrington,on the cricket on Satur- day. Stockton Heath were not fully represented, being without three of their regular first team pI IS, includ- ing the c sptain. The visitors played ,E, ir full strength. The play as as somewhat slow throughout, the surface of the ground being soft and spongy. In the first half South Ma.nch-rer scorel four goals, by the aid of Richardson, Rickett (two), and Marrian, to Stockton Heath one, by Gandy, from an cblique angle. Dinham opened the scoring in the second portion of the game from an unselfish pass by Blackburn, then Ricket secured the ball at the fresh bully, and passing at the right moment enabled Richardson to register the sixth roint for his side. Stockton Heath were then for some tim3 in their opponents' half, the centre for ward notel- ing the Fe :end and last goal for the home side. Rickett was again to the fore, and, with his partner Blackburn, took the ball CIO3O to the goal line, wlyn he "upspilt," but managed to scoop the hall to Richatchon,who plac3d it in the net. Sock:on Heath had an opportunity at the other end, bzit failed to util:za it, and play being transferral through a good clearance by H. Eastwood, Marrian finishrd the scoring by hitting theeiaht goal for South Manchester. Final 'core :—South Manchester, eight goals ; Stocktm Heath, two.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
GLIDSESS COMES.

WITH a better understanding of the transient nature of the many physicial ids which vanish belore proper efforts—gentle cfforts,piersaut efforto—rightly There is comfort lu the kqowledge taat mAny forras of sickness are thrn clue to any actual uizeibe, but simply to a cons'ipated co oditio of tae system, w, hicti the pleasant fainiiy laxative—;;alifornia Syrop oi Figs— promptly removes. Thit is why it is the oniy r.rinecly with millions of families, and is -every where ts.ei.nria so highly by those wh, value good healtn. its UuiefiCtl effects are due Co the Lim that it is the one reaceay which pro Loxes internal cleanliness withouc deoilicat- ing the organs on which it acts. If in the anjiYmeac ot good healtti and the system is regular, then lartatives and outer remedies are not needed. If aglictal with any actual disease, one may be commended to the most skilful pnysiciani ; but if ia need of a laxative, ;Alen one should nave the best., and with the well informed every- where California Syrup of Figs stands highest, is most large 4, used, and gives most general 'satisfaction. Tna title Syrup .of Figs has beea freely appropriated by un- scrupulous imitators ; to prevent disappointm,mt you must insist upon having California Syrup of Fiys (ark for it in tull), manufactured by the California Fig Sycup Cu. Of chemists, is. lid. and is. 9d.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARR HA.ldi S,iTUILDA.Y EVENING

CONCERTS.

The last but one of the series of Saturday evening concerts took place on Saturday. The attendance was only mediocre, which may be attributed to the deterioration in the quality of the concerts whici has been noticeable this last few weeks. Mr. J. G. liewson sang "So, Sir Page,'‘ in a capable manner, but he was better appreciated in "Ohl Oh ! hear the wild wind blow," and had the pleasure of a recall. 'Come, sweet morning," and "A day dream," were renderei by Miss Ethel Panton in excellent manner and for her rendering of " Rest of the story "an encore was demanded. A humorous duet by Messrs W. and F. Benson was a pleasing item, and the Ben- son Brothers later appeared in a whistling trio and gave some fine imitations of a military band, Ger- man band, and a drum and fife band for which they were well applauded. The same artistes also gave some pantomimic "Pictures from daily life" for which-they were encored, and a laughable duet entitled "Pussy's courtship' which was a complete success. Miss Fanny Russell (da,nseuse) contributed a coon song and dance: "Lonesome Coon." The dance at least, was gracefully executed. A tam- borine Adance and "speciality skirt dance" were also given by Miss Russell and for the latter she was deservedly recalled. Miss Alice Richardson possesses a rich contralto voice and her rendering of "Sunshine and rain" was pleasing, but the singer appeared to better ad- vantage in" Dear little shamrock and in answer to an encore Miss Richardson sang " Comin' thro' the rye " Gay tom-tit" was also sung by Miss Richardson in charming style and resulted in an enthusiastic encore. Mr. Alfred Ainsworth accom- panied most efficiently.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A WA R RINGTON MAN.

George Norman, of 16, Cairo-street, Warrington, was charged at the Manchester City Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. T. Parkinson, with falsely representing himself to be a detective to a female.—On Thursday he went to a house in Hester-street, Greenheys. Whilst there he represented himself to b 3 a detective.He also went to the house on Friday and demacded 103., threatening to re- port the house as a disorderly house. He was then given into custody of Police Constable Bloomfield.—Mr. Harris, who defended the prisoner.said he only represented him- self to be a detective for the purpose of beating a hasty retreat from the house, and that he did not demand any money, lo:rt refused some that was offered him. He had plenty of money in his possession.—Mr. Parkinson des- cribed the case as a very bad one, and the pris)ner was fined £lO and costs in each of the two cases, with the alternative of two months' imprisonment.—Notim of appeal was given.

To the Edkor.,of the Warrington " Examiner."

Deir Sir,—With respect to the cas3 of Mr. George Norman, concerning whom reports have appeared in several newspapers, will you he so good as Co permit me, through your columns, to ask your readers and the public generally, to suspend their judgmmt until after the appeal has ben heard. _

The derails of the case having been fully related to me, and having known Mr. Norman intimately for nearly seven years, I have every reason for believing that he will lo! able to eitablish his complete innocence of the grave charges brought against him. While eNquiring for a person with whom ho had business to transact, Mr. Norman was invited to enter a certain house, after entering which he had reason to be- lieve it was of a disreputable character,ani immediately endeavound to leave the house, the door of which had been locked, and on the spur of the moment be then stated he wal a detactive (an untruth which he acknew- ledges and is sorry for.) Except on this one point, my own confidence ii his moral uprightness and integrity of character is unshaken.—Yours faithfully,

EDWARD T. REED.

17, Museum-street, Warrington, 14th Feoruary, 1899.

IMPUDENT THEFT AT WARRINGTON.

At the Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday, before Mr Justice Day, Thomas Troy, aged twenty-eight, bar- ber, was charged with having at Warrington, on the 16th January, stolen two boots and one pair of trousers, the property of James Leslie. He pleaded not guilty. Mr. Rigby Swift prosecuted, and called evidence to show that the pro,ecutor kept a second hand clothes shop:at 39, Pinner's-brow, Warrington. On the 16th ult prisoner went into the shop and asded Mrs. Leslie to show him a shirt. Mrs. Leslie refused. Whilst her back was turned she heard a noise in the shop, and turning round saw the pri- sonar making for the door. He mu down the street. She followed him into the yard of a public-house. She there saw him putting on a pair of boots which he had token from the shop, whilst on his arm were a pair of trousers. A policeman came up and ar- rested the prisoner, who when charged said, "Well, all I have got to say is I did not take them." Pri- soner was found guilty. His Lordship said prisoner had a very bad character, lie wee sent to gaol for a mouth.,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PRAYERS FOR 011 YON.

His humane work praised by the Rev. Robinson.

The Rev. George Croke RAinson, M.A., the well known and popular vicar cf Woitton, Middlesex, writes to the Munyon Remedy Coraraly

"May I be allowedolthough unasked by you,to make a voluntary statem4ot as to your sysem of medicine I think that the great charm of the Manyon treatment, as, indeed, of Homecepa'hy generally, is its simplicity, gentleness, tonic effee.t, aid prompt action. It is because there is no mixing of medicines as in other systems, but one remedy is given for each specific disease. It is gentle, because it treats the human body like what it really is, a most delicate ma- chine ; and the remedies have no drastic effect,like the old-fashioned deuzs. It is a tonic system throughout. The old way of weakening the body is entirely exploded, foe all your remedies are to build up, not to pull down. It is prompt in action, for the speedy effects of some of the -- Munyot. medicines seem t) be truly marvellous. _ add that Proiersor Munyon will always have my prayere for a continuance of the success of his remedies."

Munyon has a separate specific for each disease. For Sala by all chemists, mostly One Shilling a bottle. If in duo write to the Munyon Company, at 121, Shafteb 1. nue, London, W.C., and gft advice fr.ib

#.c._. :'.e.,, • •,\W ''t4, :':'- .. • /c.::::- •--:VP'`,t,,,;1,•',,:::,4,:i, 7 A0)04 , ".;*:c4,l•l9rie- 3',.'7, , ',',....-;', „- ~,•44,rott.# 1,,,,, ,I, gr''''',•:!'"'" 'fi1,,,k,e610, i'.4 4 # grA ,- -;','" tf?: ,4-11•,4'.,- -,1-4: ..,,?..,k• 1 V.'', ,t:',.;;, ii,.;-„,.›, \. • I may

===== 0002601_18990217_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN G.AiILICK AGAIN. DARING ESCAPE FROSI STAFFORD

GAOL.

What must be regarded as a carefully-planned and distinctly diver escape from prisou took place early on Kaiday morning at Stafford. Among the prisoners in custody was one John Garlick, alias John Grant, dime John Dixon, alias John Robert flinry, who was under- going five years' penal servitu ;e for fraud. He was a transfer prisoner from Walton Gaol. Garlick formerly carried on business at L7thgoe's-lane Warrington, and ior dafrauding several People was sen- tenced to 12 months imprisonment at Liverpool Quarter Sessions, and later, for long firm frauds at Ashton-in- Makerfield was sentenced by Mr. Justic Paillimore tO five years' _imprismment.

The" BirMinghaus Gazzitte " gives the following ac- count of Garlick's escape from gaol :—Aiter a lapse of ten or ehven years, during which there have teen no suscessful attempts to obtain a short-lived liberty, Staf- ferd Prison was on Monday the scene of an escape which will take some beaing in regard to daring and audacity if the information to hand cu be relied upon. The man who so succes,siully esceiced from the cwtody of his eanlers is John Garlick, but lie is a.so known in police circles as Dixon, Grant and Henry. He is a joiner by trade, aid is thirty-niee years of ;tee. He was a transfer penal servitude prisoner from Liverpoll, where he re- ceived a sentence of five years for fraud. It seems that whilst in prison he was employed at his own trade, and he was locat!cl in a cell which was fitted up as a work- shop. Inetead of following his employment the full number of hours, he appears to haw dew:God some por- tion of his time to the task of boring a hole in the wall of the building, and that so successfully as to escape detection. It goes without saying that while, airing himself within the predate of the prison he sat veyed the premises, and decided upsn a plan of cam- paign. That plan was to reach the too of the boundary wall, whice is some six or seven yards high, and then disappear on the other side at a less frequented pare. To accomplish this he prepared some lenetas of wood as a ladder in his cell, and, splicing them, managed by climb- ing, to attain the summt of his ambitioa as well as that of the wall. This done the rest appears to have been Wain sailing, and he let himself down the outside of the wall, dropping into the asylum grounds. The rest gave him little trouble, and •he made for the open country acrose the asylum grounds.. It may be reilily under- stood that not a little consternation prevailed •-ithin the prison when it was discovered that the convict was miss- ing. Information was immeniatelt given to the police, who put forth every effsrt to bring the wanderer back, and, by acquainting the pile in adjoining towns, to form a cordon so as to intercept the convict wherever he might appear. His identiy, of course, wonld not bs difficult to establish, as he was attired in the regulation clothes with the exception of the coat, provided, of course, the man did not succeed in getting rid of the convict garb before his arrest was effeeted.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENTS,

Peter Hadcroft (35), 8, Derby-street, fall down in Tanners-lane, on Monday night, and broke his leg. He was taken to the Infirmary. A similar accident befel Patrick Higgins, (50), 16, Naylor- itreet,on Sat-- urday night. He was conveyed home, but was ad- mitted to the Infirmary on Tuesday.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FALSE .A-LARNI OF FIRE.

The Fire Brigade turned out or; Tat-Urdav at mid- night in response to the alarm bell and waited out- side the station for some time, but as no one ap- peared to know where the fire was the members re- garded the alarm as a false one and returned home.. This is not the first time a false alarm has been given,and it is a pity the offender cannct be brought to justice.

GOLBOBNE-STRRET BAPTIS CHA.PEL On Tuesday evening a Band of Hope entertain— ment was held in connection with this chapel in the schoolroom. There was an excellent attendance including Rev J T Sc; ofield,and Messrs B Few,John S Gretn, Edward Jones, S Fern, George Hall, and James Heywood. An excellent selection of lantern slides were exhibited by Mr. H. Taylor. At the conclusion of a pleasant evening a vote of thanks to the lanternist was propoed by Mr. J. Heywood, seconded by Mr. E. Jones. " LINSb.ED COMPOI72sD for Con ha and Colds, allays irritation. Ellyn immediate relief.—Advt.

1.0.G.T. No. 1 CONVENTION, S.-W. LANCASHIRE. The annual meeting of the above was held in the Colliery Lecture Hall, Haydock, on Saturday. Bro. J Taylor, C,C.T., presided over an excellent attend- ance of representatives from Warrington, Widnes, Earlestown, St. Helens, Leigh,Ashton,and Hap:lock. The C.C.T. presented his annual report, referring to the work in the various lodges during the past year. The report was adopted_. Bro Bowler, C. sec., reported an increase in membership of 52'cluring the half-year from August to February. The report was adopted. The report of Bro Smith, C.E.S., we& reaa,urging all the members to "go in" for National Sunday closing, and it was adopted. Brother J. A Lee, D.C.T., then took the chair. Sister Woods, C.S.J.T., gave her report, asking the members to give more help to the S.J.T.'s. A substantial in- crease was shown among the Juvenile Temples in the area, all of which Sister Woods had visited. The reports of the Executive and Credential Commit- tees were read and accepted. The Convention de- cided to hold its next meeting at Eeriest-own. Tbe following officers were appointed for the half-year ending August, 1899 :—C.C.T., Brother J Taylor, Earlestown; C.V.T., Sister Sheath, Warrington;. 0 Counsellor, Bro Vint, Ashton; C.E.S., Bro Smith, Ashton; C.S.J.T., Sister Woods, Earleatown ; Secretary, Brother Bowler, Ashton; C. Treasurer, Brother Clarke, Earlestown ; C. Chaplain,Bro Plant, Haydock ; C. Marshal, Bro J Sheath, Warrington; C.D.M., Sister Wright, Earlestown ; C. Guard, Bro Speakman, Ashton; C. Sentinel, Bro Sharrocks,Ray- dock; P.C.C.T., Bro J W Roberts, Warrington. The block and gavel for tlie adult lodges was won by the " Onward ":Lodge,Ashton ; and far the Juvenile Temples by the "Path of Safety" Temple,Leigh: A vote of thanks was given to the Haydockmem- bers and to the D.O.T. for presidiug. After tea, a public meeting was luAd in. the same room. Bro Frances,St. Helens,presided. An address WaE given by Bro the Rev J A. Lee, D.C.T .Liverpool,and songs. Scc, were rendered by various members and friends.

FOR ACHES AND PAINS kuß IN Eiliman's For Rheumatism, Lurnhago, Elliman's „ Sprains, Brt:ises, Fresh 13;1E-flan's Cuts, „ Sore Throat frona Cold, „ Cold at the Chest, Haman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ Chißflainsbeforeßroken,,, RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, FoGtbant Elliman's Rowing, &c. Bottles <Sid., is. id., 25. yd.,. 4s. Prepared by Elliman, Sons&Co...Slough

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING BOOK. Nine Coloured Hunting Scenes. Nine Black and White Copies to Cciour. Send Stamps value Of SixpC!ICO. Write your Address Plainly. Published by Elliman, 50U5 a Co., slough, - 4

===== 0002601_18990217_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
k

Acton 1 35, 120,

Alt3ar E 25,85.

Birrn 2 6, 5 20.1 6 Monday 6 55,11 52 Slackbt 850 Sun Blackly 6 28,2 50

Lonst 6 20, 622 acepted. London Sundays! Lymtn. 3 36, 41 4112. aSat Dianche 4 11. 3 14 F 122.60 6ulidays kaneUE 10 65, , 1c.% •tol (/' 3 15

,Widnev 45, 230 4s a 4 9 43' " lisB.l

,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
, •

-;ADE MAfir.

e.p A e:..6 ofie 6. 6.6 IM #,A 0 ifq\ "TATCHO," the Geo. R. Sims Hair Restorer, can be obtained of all AI Chemists and Hairdressers at 2/9 and 8/-, or post free on receipt of P. 0.0. ii for 3/- or 5/4, from the Manufacturers, 1 i 4 1 The GEO. R. SIMS' HAIR • ,711.............Vin.-armn. ---

Q., o.f 9 Qi?

g ,0%,41,. „is.. if. re?. Nat.

, - - - i!•'17:1 •-• e'o4, i‘tt .7,SVA:PIaF

# R. SIMS' RESTORER. • ~ • , riD C r /:---E-\\)u -,li‘ 1? 0? A : I kll , c. --, ~_?f i•-.10;60` /W .., "car Sir,—When I first bgaii "IT IS NOW LONG using "TATCHO" my hair AND CURLY:" was short and stubby,"—

RESTORER, Lt, 1, Farringdon Avenue, E.C. sov• ' "Vtto

===== 0002601_18990217_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
• w -4 444% `•;'"ji";gel;c:,-`, • ,w,„ A 7,7412 47 ; ••4 4V•Y •••,„•17 00'0:4

RINGS; HES, BRACELETS, PINS, PENDANTS, NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS; STUDS AND LINKS. SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval. Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cutlery, post free.

Steam Factory:

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

25, OLD BOND ST., W. 28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, EC .9 LONDON.

` '•""' f.7,2;:t

===== 0002601_18990217_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
OE;I4LAs 9s

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS 'DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach. Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, TnomAs BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. id., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3C,7E2LJEK3E3hIr'M

===== 0002601_18990217_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at and you will be delighted with it.

CLARKE'S B 41 PI LL:- are warranted to cure, in eithe sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine in the bark. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 Tears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, ot all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t lawn gh but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers (.1r tie Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincon Advt

Men who are weak and tired of taking Nauseous and MYS ERIOUS PREPARATIONS to to GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Pbysician in con. fidence,and full particulars will be sf-nt FREE as to how all caFes of NERVOUS EXHAUS. TION, LOSS 01. VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can be SUC. CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Sena zstanst fd Redressed envelipe to THE COLLINS CO., 9, ET skine-stret t. Livernool.

reesesteeetnetzeoga,,. ...- .: r:, -, The finest Coffee Essence that 'money can buy is Symington's Edin- burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup in a moment. From Grocers through- . out the world. tottilVieee-Wirieiti.aGseqh.l4l)seel

knril v-gon !sr iorly,. ,411 rtaTrwSS' , - `fist . 41. * *;•'..!"!" ? • I 7.ft,14 ffrzros,.o- . „ .k„,„ it • ..„.4 t„„pc \so . 4 • „. 441110"'' it,4l t • . 1.• • t 4. 'I" X et',. i fiaL • A,. , okia.s". rem , ;air' e -1° • •L' , 4, L. • G. '4 A.l • ''.loj " :a4t 3.. 7.7 t r WA liGrfON . • . 'Pt* 4 8L 1 5 rill Eh, ROA (Opposite School Br(w) 123. SANKEY STE 5 _ ,

===== 0002601_18990217_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

LO-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990217_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-3.0

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— Rarlestown

WEEIC-DLYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and -8 p.m.

Suß-OFncEs *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

WALL Box— Crow Lane. Newton No wton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st„ Golborne. Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

5, 10 a.m, 12 noon, 2& p.m. _ ._

6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 6-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nii. 10-15 a.m

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- bur:4nd, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, outhport Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kir!, Witnt & Earlestown Lt.ndon, Foreigx, and the South ' m!diand Cunties & South Wales Preston, Nori,h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midlz.nd, Northern, ti3astern Countict, & Lancashire eroft, Padgate. Woalston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 6 - Eastern Counties

ITo 1 By Callers. I Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 „ 11-30 „

11,30 a.n2

1. 12-0 ,

k 2-15 p.m.

2-lb ~ 1 3-15,

1 1 3-15 m. t

5-30 p.m.

6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton. & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-tmder-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stock port, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.lielens, Southport, and S .4h Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General N:ght Mall. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Extra lid. Stamp

===== 0002601_18990217_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 cm. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 aan

===== 0002601_18990217_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1899

4,—.0-4,-..c.--,v-av•A.vr;--51,1P:t1.---,:0r•..r.-.0-.....47.--,•-•.0,-.0-usr. 1\... ori :. #f,l 1 i AN 0 ig':;' UNSOLICITED -- e5,,,--- t 6 TESTIMONIAL TO t% MP t`l'A 0, PI 0 .frf 4, . • 01 0 ....

~1/ 7if2i;

THE GEO. HAIR

===== 0002601_18990217_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
02 & 84,

1110 ATE HILL 9 Er:

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST;

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such at

===== 0002601_18990217_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKli.d;'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS ..'•I L

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

41

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, kke

- _ Jr, ' --- - -, . ,• • Y•s ti '''' ' . ... - .•. ••• ' f. ' ' 0 Ab-ii:7' • '*•''''4'C .. .. „ ~'"'A'i . . - . .T 7 ~ .i.'.4.• . ;..,' . ' - ,7, ~0# _ ..:: • v. ‘,1•4 . 2 'A . ''....X ..44 • .'' 2 -1" of.; 7 . , t ' g '--74kili.pi,!., • •t, . 4N. ''''' 44'1,,i,y, • :e, ,P,' k'l. .4,F5% . , a." • . • , -... , '.li .'"...:...'- ' • ev, s,,tiz I 4. ...4r , ttik ~:ii ,t,...13tr .. .-. a 4 . . • .41.- '-'''' ~ A' q. ''''

===== 0002601_18990217_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
* .'llh : ‘ 'IA ‘ : • t , .1% ; i , :,. • i . t. . , 1 1 t ' , : , • .1 ) 3 -0 J ,t :1 , • I .* i - : i• . A t . . i • t * It 1 1 t ' i ! , 1 " t t' I i t •-' 1 t i I l'T 1 4,- 1 L. i t li 1 i I 1 i : 1 1 1 1 ' . 1 1 1 ' 1 1 t ' ' f . . I e , f ; I;

===== 0002601_18990217_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111"‘"--

===== 0002601_18990217_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
I

4 4 1 A 1, 44'

4 f t I •, • 'l,‘ 1 4. , , ' ' •-•

===== 0002601_18990217_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18990217_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
tetterg to the exult.

' NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases seni their names and addresses to the Editor. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper. Correspondents are strangly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CORPORATION BILL.

VW Sir,—The main point at issue between Mr. Fairctough and the Corporation is the question of the suitability of the Bold Water for domestic or trade purposes. lat once admit that the water is organically pure, as pure in fact as the water from Winwick but the Corporation are advised that the Bold water is too hard to be sup- plied to their customers without treatment. I intend to deal only with this question in my reply to Mr. Fair- slough's- Utter and to adhereto and rely upon the state ZZlents contained in my previous letter in answer to the et;aer questions raised by him. If the Bold water is net suitable as lam advised and as 1 think I shall be able to prove, the other questions as to the size of mains and the cost of the construction of works need not be discussed. Mr. Fairclough will, lam sure, understand that in all these matters the Corporation are guided by expert and scientific advisers and that they are only anxious te do that which will serve the best interests of the ratepayers. If they hod been advised by the ex- perts consulted that the Bold Hall Scheme was feasible and had the advantages which Mr. Fairclough claims for it the Corporation would not have hesitated to accept it. ?dr. Fairclough states that the total hardness of the Bold water is 21 5 and of the Winwielt water 21•2.1 may safely ask with regard to the Winwick water where Mr. Fairciough got his figures from and who was the analyst? The figures quoted by hina are absolutely in- cot rect as regards the Winwick oarator. I stated in my previous letter that the Bold water had 21. degrees of hardness and the Winwick water 11 degrees omitting in each case the decimals. I gave the hardness of the Bold water from an analysis supplied by Mr. Fairclough him- self and the hardness of the Winwick water from an analysis prepared by Mr. J. Carter Bell the Analyst for the Oletety of Chester. The Bold water if it only con- tained 21 degrees of hardness as admitted by Mr. Fair- ciougd and I make this statement upon the authority of an expert analsst—is undoubtedly unfit without b.sing treated for eoinestic or trade p uposes. The consumers of the .Winwick water, which water is not t-eated. may therefore be left to Judea for themselves whether the anllysis quoted by Mr. F4ircloueh is correct or not. Jo November 1897 Mt. Frederick G. Maddock a fellow of the In.ttute of Chemistry analysed for the Corpora- tion a sample of the Bold water which M^. Fairclongh was ghod enough to supply. I give below the results of that analcsis and side by side I give the analysis of the Winwick water prepared by Mr. J. Carter BA. the analysis of the Bold water as prepared by Mr. Fair- dough's Analyst and an analysis of the Collins Green water as prepared be the M-diea, Officer of St. Helens:— Mr. Mr. Mr. Fairolongh's M.O.H. of J. C. Belt Rncidock Analyst. St. Helens Winwick Water Bold Water Bold Water Collins Green Water. Total Totals Totals Total _ _ _ _ _

SWis Solids Solids Solids 21.6 45 5 44.97 50 Total Total Total Total ilardness Hardness Hardness Hardness 11.75 310 21.80 23 5 I wish to direct the attention of your reale.r3 to a comparison of the total rolids given above. The 90"08 which in each case are free from organic matte,, con- tain the mineral matter, which with the exception of salt produce the hardne is of the water. The salt present in the Winwick water is 4.4 And in the B Ad water 6 0 in parts per 100,000 I think I may now safely leave tie cornoarimn of the above figures to the intelligence of your readers. In conel-rding the corresooed 43c1 with Mr. Faireough en this subject I wish in the first place to that k him for the courteous manner in which he has referred to me and tor the ooportunizy he has afforded the Corporation ef proving the exlellent qaality of Winwick water in comparison with the other waters 'Which he brought in question. Mr. Fairclough will not lam sure object to my stving that the Corporatit.n are always guided in cegineeriny matters by professional gentlemen. I may -rspe ,t t',at: I adhere to all th , statements contained in my first letter notwithstanding Mr F tirclough's contra- diction of some of them —I arn sir, your obedient Wrvant,

JOIN EDWARD WRIGaT, Mayor. Twarn Hall. Warrington.

PENSIONS.

Bir.—Permil: me to express regret for ths adverse ocri icism whinh I beetowed upon this seo'inn of the New Warrington Cornoration Bill in a letter which you pub- lishei on the 4'h inst. I find that the infernation upon which my remark.; arm., bas,d wu,a erroneous+. The clear -and feeling terms in which Mr. Alderman Reberts un- le'ded the Corporation scheme for benefittieg the aged and infirm workmen in its employ in last weelets "Et- amber" p'eces this beyond all doubt. And I may say that perhaps net woe of your numerous readers partre I his statement with more pleasure and seisfaction than I did. There was,ho reyerone little point which he over looXed. He did not tell us the wage or salary that would debar from participation in the Thrift Fund, and thii -was rather an important omission. I may say at once that I have no hostility to rrn- signs per se, but I do seriously obi oct to the invidious way in which they are bestowed at present. Enormous sums of the public money are every year ex- pended in nensinnine the civil. military, and priestly servants of the Government and the titled hsagers-on of Royalty, but the great labouring classes who produce all the wealth of the nation are rigidly ex-Jude& Sure'y this is great, injustice. it cannet be said that Govern- nornt employ; are of greater serv'co to the community than the men and women who toil and spin. Nay, the very contrary is the case. The lopping off of multitudes of the higher classes of state pensioners would be a gain ad net a loss to the neuntry. But the workers in the

olds and in the minos, factories and other centrss of in- dustry ay. absolutely essential to our very exiatence Without them we shoold have none of the necessaries and comfort of civilizsi life. One would naturally think that the Prime and great object of the rulers of a nation which professes tn be Christian talre care that none of its wealth prolucers strmuld be desti- tute or driven to the rnisertble refuge of the workho -when, through ege or infirmity, they coull no longer follow their employment. But alas, we all know that this is not the case, for class lezislation stands in the war, and the poor must suffer. Nor are 'matters much. if Any better, in the case of 'private clecerns. By the all of their humble fellow creatures some men acquire great wealth, but when they come to die and leave their riches behind them no Tneteion is made in their " last will and teeameht " oF I"he handa " whose toil and privations raised them ro affloence. A striking eve in Point is recorded in " The -Msnche=ter Guardian "of the 13th inst. There we real ." The will of the late Sir William Gram.shinbuilolor, who died at the cottage, Greatham. on Sipternber 12th last, was proved on S%torday at the Durham District Regir- try. The pross value of the estate was glven as £1,500 422 14q 2el ,and the net value £1.397.482 15 41." The testator rn.de many and large beques's to his re- latives and friend.,hut ro-, one shilling found its war to the artiz ins and labourers who built up his great for- tune.

With all we thimel nne'q r&-id how ra,l earnid the zravA,fh, gnlemn qnegtinn, where ig the Chrigtianitv (IhriAt in thit enuntry ? WA hear a ()Teat deal of talk in thy ppf ah,ut 't, d.) nr,t oftnn rnPet much it.jja the prantical affaira nf life, and one of itg talgt -graninua and far rearh;n2 princ'plea. dninz untn ot erg hive isithera do to us, is well nigh ignored .a)tiOs'ner.—Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
NNW GOSPEL HALL.

The second t;a-firranged for the purpose of reduc ing the debt on the building.was c?iven on Saturday last, by Mr. Hope, of Liverpool. There was a gold attendance. Mr. J. Tarter in his opening remarks expreesed the thanks of the meeting to all who had rendered preetiesi help. He WAS lad to notice that the aymnst.biAs of other denominations were with them which was exemplified by the fact that the present tea was given by a layman of the Church of England, and th, opening tea given by Mr. -Walter Brough of Sankey Bridges - Wesleyan 'Chapel. There was also a gift he felt proud to mention, namely an anonymous gift received the previnns day. Be wished the builder CouncillorPtsscck to neePrst, thc. publie thanks of that meeting, for the self denial and untiring energy hP.nersrmally din)laveri during the erection of - the Rail, and for the snhstantial building he had placed in their hands. Tie considered a tribute Was also due to Mr. Ellis Clare for the satisfactory lighting arrangement. end the beautifieation of the place generally, which he CoqCludPd Was elaborate for a new bAildina. ,Othe members followed with remarks to the Fame purpose. after which the Secre- tar rend a statement to the effect. tbat.the debt s, owing on the building on lfrieember3lst was £490. Re eonairlerad it very satisfactory, and he trusted . the inited elf -let of the members te yAnce the debt would continne, end all contributions from friends worild b. thapVully received and eckno7Pledged by Mr.Jobri T trl or, 19, Allen- reet.as per 1P04,11. kfter singing the Thxology the meeting, was brought to a close.

--FROM Tqr:MOWENT—OF BTR-1"11-0E CC neuit -soAPltln-tt nnly thA ani urn« re frerhitvz f nn-4,r7 ecan4, brit ;t c,ntaing delicate; erml tient prnnertie, from CUTICURA, thA great clrin cure. ..1,101 niriFy anni heautiFy the pkin, anfi rennove akin blemish", neensinned by imnerrelt cleansine and *the contion d use f‘f imnure Amapa. Parent', think nf tl-i lifatimp nf nvntal as well 2.5.1 physical, ofcen erta'Tedl tortnrinr!, rliafiznrins; hurnnura, eare- eaq y ce.l.Acted 'in infanc7. which mieht have been -will, and porman,ntlr curd 1w tinylv attention and 'moderate U9O of CUTICURA. and CUTICUR& SOAP. urn

===== 0002601_18990217_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MIL R. NORMAN.

It is with deep regret that we have to record the death of gr. R. Norman, which took place at his residence 55. Greenway-road, on Saturdsy night after an unueually short illness. Deceased had been in failing health for some time, having never com- pletely recovered from a severe illness, whic in- capacitated him from manual labour, several years ago. His friends little thought, however, that the end was so near. The early part of the week saw him in his usual healtb.and on the Sunday previous to his decease he worshipped, as was his custom, at St. Peals Wesleyan Chapel. On Tuesday he was confined to his bed, and the alarming symptoms in- creasing it was deemed advisable to call in Dr. Rob- inson. The most strenuous efforts were made to prolong his life but all was' in vain; and it was apparent on Saturday afternoon that he was rapidly sinking. The worst fears were entertained and re- alised, the deceased gentleman passing away with- out having regained consciousness. Mr. R. Norman's career was a remarkable one in every respect. Born in Weston he became converted at that village at the age of 14, and from that time devoted himself to the cause of Christianity with earnestness and vigour. He became eventually a "local," and enjoyed a reputation as a powerful preacher among the village districts. His services were in request in towns beyond Frodsham, Ditton, Kingsley, etc., and for many months he preached the gospel as a paid evangelist. His work was "owned of God" by the many conversions which attended his services. And more than one of his converts has joined the body of Wesleyan itinerant preadhers. In later years he followed the business of coal merchant, and travelled in connection with this calling, over the greater part of England and Wales. He had been a member of the Wesleyan body over 50 years. He took a most prominent part in building the Methodist Chapel at Weston, and he was appronriatly called "The Father of Run- "ern Methodism." He established, and for many years held the position of leader of the Halton-road Society Class which was the largest in the district, and which was the parent of many other smaller society classes. Conversions Were net at all uncom- men at these weakly meetings. He enjoyed the honour of being the oldest local preacher of the circuit, and though latterly unable to follow these religious duties, ha still employed his spare time in visiting the sick members of his church. He was a staunch supporter of the !Jiberal party, and was a well informed man on all secular matters. The Methodist connection and the town generally have received a severe blow. Those who knew him best esteemed him best. His constant aim was to leave the world better than he found it. Re leaves a widow to mourn his loss. gees*. F. J. and A. R. Norman are his nephews, and the late honoured Thomas Norman was his elder brother. He had reached the mature age of 69.

THE FUNERAL,

The funeral toell place on Wednesday afternoon, amidst manifestations oil profound regret. Blinds were drawn, and other mark i of respect were exhibited on all sides. The remains were taken to the St. Paul's Church, where a short, memorial service was held, the officiating ministers being the R 393 C W L Christien and R J Clif:on. After the ()peeing porti in of the burial service had boen concluded and the singing of the hymn " What are these arrayed in whits," the Rev C W L Chriatien said he was not about to give al a idreis with special reference to the life and work of their dear de- parted frietid. as br the request of the family it was in- tended that should be given on Sunday. Yet he felt he would but be expressine the sentiment of ev6rfone there present as well as the sentiment of the great number who could not be preceet, when he said that the loss of their dear friend was great. They had parted with one of the trueat friends of their charcn. A man of sterling worth arid a ma.' who had prove I that worth in a lone aril consiF- tent life before the eye of everyone. Ole who hid laboared amoigst others in the work of Christ, tett by a scroke of action his labours were now ended. Mr. Norman was one whose life gave to him a great wiefo!- ness—usefuln-ss in being al-,!e to win others. nor WAS he coniimel to one plav for from his life there etreamed up rays of influence which were felt a Lon; way off, so that none co Ild estimate the result of his life's latrurs in ties cause Gd—only God Himself. They had r arted with one who bad left a noble example behind him, one woo seueht to make the bet of his life for the benefit of others. He was best love I by those who kne x him toes', and his memory would be an inspiration to others to fol- low in aHa of work for Cerist. Mr. Christirn felt ho was but expressing the feelings of all when he said how deeply they all sympathised with her, who for 50 sum- mere vralke.l besides him ; ani who hid encouraged and enahled him that wee na more to so faithfully de his work. He concluded by inviting all to unite in prayer for the bereaved :;idow and family.

Afv.r the sintYing of hymn 938 "Ther3 is a Lind of Pure Diligh." Mr. G ,wyer, orffanisc, played tha "Dad March__" in Saul on tie orgai.

The dreeaei's remains were thsn escorted to their last res'ing place in Greenwav-road cemetery, by a larva number of relatives and friends. The proceesion fermed 'in front of S. Paul's in the following order :—Circuit ministers, circuit stewards and ex-steiverds, offiee bearer, in tne follow's'? order:—St. Paul's. Hilt )n-nad, Camden, Hal:on. Preston fico.)le, We,tm, Weston P,lint, members and friends, local preachers, members of de- cease I's Society Class. ' Arrived at tee grave s:de the serv;cs was concluded ley the Revs. C. W L. Christen, and J. A. B Nle.loarn,and before deparrieg the large coneourse of 'people aserembled joined in singine the deceased' favourite hymn " R :ck of A.eee." The scene was most impressive, many being visibly affected. Those preseet at the funeral incluled:—Mourners, Messrs F J Nerman, A R Norman, Rev C E Norman, Mr Robert Jehn Hignett,and Mr Forshaw,Widnes,(nenhew3); Messrs E Ellis, Widnes, (unele), John Norman, Tao nag Norman, and Mteters T Sydney No-man, and D McKechee Norman. Bearers : Four local preachers ta•longiag to the St. Pae.' i Cireuit. Messrs Cevesntrv,H Johnson, I Haves, and W Moores, who cv,re attended by Messrs Berrington aed J W Woodland. There were also present:—Messrs D Bisbrown, W Handlee, B Crosby,W Cooke, W Rnshten (sen).T Roete, R Morris. T Watson. Joseph Pa! ker, J E "Parker, H Park r, Ball, F W Fitton. J Bowyer, C Kaiveton, J Poynter, T Wolf!, T Griffithe, J Hagcmins, S Dodd, W Dunbavin, R Rewlinson, .1' Percival, W Jenes. p Due- worth, F Guy, J B iz!cy, W Gsrst, P Marsh, W Ball, G B Houghton, G Be'lorn7, E Margin!, J R Frith, W p cock, G Ruchten, Jahn Ball, Henry D-di, W Graham, 8 Walker, T Booth, S Littler, J Sandars, T Johnson, W Ceyeill, F J Moultin, T Swole (Whines), S Beckett, W Grice, W Mellor, J Fur, A Uasworth, J Lunt, J Unsworth, W Nicksen, W Lambert, James C Ditchfiell, A Duttnn, J Hanson, T Witlaineton, R H Posnett, G Walker, G Bowyer, Robert Ruthton (jun.), J Neucel is, W Itewe (Halton), W Aspev (Haltoe), T Simister, Samuel Jme (Fredsham), W H Pickering (Frodsham). R Brown, W Fraser Jones, Elward •Knive- ton, Wilson ani Wright. The coffin was of English oak, polished and hand- semely Mounted in brass. On the plate was inscribed : —" Rohert Norman. Died February 11th, 1899. Mel 69 years" It was supplied by Mr. • Joha Green. The hearse was supplied by Mr. W. Yarwooi whilst the funeral arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Messrs. D. H. Jones and Sons. Wreaths and fleral tribetee were sent by the follow- ing :—Mrs Norman (widow) " A floral harp With broker:, s'rinus ";Mr and Mrs F .1 Norman, "Anchor' ; Mr and Mrs A R Norman," Cross " ; Rev Charles and Mrs N man, Mrs Lightfoot and Miss Norman , Mr Nilliam Nor- man, Mr and Mrs J Green, Mrs Hignett and Mr Robert John Hignctt, Mrs Livesley (Market Drayton), Mrs Percival and family, Mrs Taylor (an old servant), Mr and Mrs G Bellamy, Mr and Mrs Riley, Mrs Garnett, Mr and Mrs Pes sett, .Misses Dora 4nd May Posnet:, Mr P Speakman, F

FRODSEI..9.M. "7.4

TUE NEW SUPERINTENDENT FOR TELE EDDISDURY DIVI- SION.—Prior to the conrneneement of the business at the Over Petty Seasions en Monday morning, the Ch tirman, Captain Turner, referr.d to tile departure of Sim iin- tendent Johnson. H. said he bad he•nn i. very efficient officer, and they w 0,1.1 miss him very nirh. Th.y had a new superintendent in Mr. Neild. aod i that he walla be equally :as efficient and f io the g ind step a of Mr. Johns .in.—Superiatendent Noikl taanked the Bench for the kind remarks expressed by the Onair- men. and saii h. would do his utmost t) carry the stale cmfidence as the late snperintendent.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON

SONS or TEMPERANCE ANNUAL TEA. —Tho "Nil Des- perandum" division of the Sons of Temperance (Weston) held their annual tea mooting and entertainment in the Wesiovan Schoolroom, on Wednesday evsning, which wag of a lo.lohly suinessful nature. Tea was served at 630 and about 150 members and frierids d'd ample justice t 3 the good things provided. The following ladies presided over the tabhss :—Mrs J Cotterell, Mrs F W Fitton, Mrs W Moores, Mrs D Kirkham, Mrs J Cooper, Mrs W Flaz.ohurst, and Miss Athertm. Tts4 concert which followed was presided over by Mrs. supporte I by Mrs. Porah, and M•sssrs. T. Cooke G.W.P., and T. Holt, G. S., and reference was made to the progress of the Society, a Programme of songs, dialogues, and musical sketches Was creditably reQdered by the following ladies and gentlemen Misses Sykes. Savage, Lillian Dodd, B Uns- worth, Messrs, R Morris, Lawson, W Unsworth ; recita- tions by Messrs. S Lsach and W Cooper; aid a character dialogue by Messrs. F W Fitton, J Cooper, J Donbavin, J Cottc rail, J Brown, J Dodd. The efficient accompani- ist was Miss Suulhy.

AK fcr CUNNINT+HA.II' MI3/IRAL WATERS. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, FEBRtTARY 17, 19 ORILDREN'S ENTERTAINMENT AT NOTES ON GAIES AND NEWTON. ATHLETICS.

The schelsre attending St. Peter's S ahoele, Newton, gave their nieth annuti enhzelainal eat in the Town Hall, Newton, on M mda,y and Tuesday evenings before 'large audiences. The infants hai been trained for the occasion by Miss Frost, aesieted by the other teachers, and the elder scholars by Mr. Singleton, head:nester.' Tnere is no doubt a large amount of time and labour were expended in the preparation, and the response of the children was most gratifying. The eatertaintn-nt was divided into two parts.the first consisting of Kind-rear- ten games, school and action songs, &c., by the juniors and elder girls. The first item was the school song "Bounteous Mee," in which the elder seholars took pert, the excellent choir which had been carefully trained rendering valuable assis-anee in the choruses. The action song, "Little Bakers," by t'Se infants was most antusin r the action of mildly; an I keeadine, causing much tailehter, the finale being a quarrel between the bakers. The Kindergarten game "The teaparty " by the infants was very cleverly executed, and afforded a glimpse of the kind of thing which takes place when members of the gentler sex meet for the purpose of induleine in tea drinking. The dla- Logue "Nut quite a bargain" by a couple of infants, was a transaction in connection with a baby and ems of an annyine ch treater. The kindergarten game "The Sea- s ms," by the infants was fairly-well executed A dia.- lo2ue "A quiet cup of tea" was exceliently reorresented by several of the elder girls, giving an illustration of the seanda.l mongers' tricks. The first part was concluded by a flag-drill by the infants. The second part of the eater'a.innient nemprieed the school operetta "Valentine and 0 -sen,"hy W. S. Reddie. In this only the elder Achelarn toll( part, and the man- ner in which they sequitrel themselves was evidence of the care and patience which mast h tve be m exercised in th ir tuition. The argument wan that once upon a time a Mee and alieemt lived all reiened,lovine and be- loved. The King's nephew Sir Double, was aexious to seemed to the throne, but twin sons, Valentine and Orson, being born his hopes are blighted. However, he managed to poison the ear of the king, with the result that the Queen and her Foes were Rent away in disgrace. They retire Ito a forest to live. One day the Q seen left her infant eerie while she went to gather food; on her , return 'he f man I one of them had disapoea.red.lt was af- ter Wards Ilse were,d that be had been taken away by a she bear and brou eat up by it as her own son. The Qeeen I joined a Gipsy band that lived in the for es'. and be- came Gipsy Queen. To save her son Valentine from this life she sent him away to a vi laee near his father's court, whe-e he lived as a peasant. Meanwhile Orson had beceme a terror as the wild man of the woods He ; defeated all oppolents and escaped capture until Valee- tine went against him, when by the briehtneos of his shield. Orson saw himself reflect id as in a mirror and I was immediately subdued by fear and surprise ; Orson ' became servant to Valentine. The mother, as Gipsy i Queen, watched them, and as they returned to be re- , warded by the King she nee ompenied them, when teacr identity was discovered, the villian pu eished, the Queen reinstated and all lived happy ever after. Tee dranetis personae was as follows r—King (John Abbott), Vilentine (Fred Howard,. Orson (John Kidd), Sir Doable (John Chaems.n), Sir Trust (Frank Strange). Sir Tree (Phornea Owen), Gloss, Queen (Jessie H award), Lady Flora (Gertrude McCermick), Lady May (Edith Harrison), Bear (James B stocks), Bellmae (Thomas Reward), Herald (Frank Gae). The Gipsies were : Cearlotte B .thell. Grace Bethel!, Sarah Blythine, Edith Bond, Mary Brodie, Annie Flint, Dora Flindley, Annie Leather, Lizzie K rkham, Flettie K•tchen, Lizzie Mathe,, Ellen We, Gertrude Pitiing, Bertha Raynor, Gertrude Sinele'on, Ellen Wilson. the scenes inoloied a Villaze Fair, Hall in the King's Palace, in the Forest, Hall io the King's Palace. The dresses of the children were very neat, and characteristic of the parts they respectively sustained. They acquitted themselves in an occellent manner, elf' it wool i be invidious to select any fer s9sniti m notion. althea] eh referenc mieht be made t 6 the cheracears of the beer and Orson, as it would be impossible almost to have en`rusted these pars to abler hand The leis seemed to revel in the piece and to throw all their energies into the veer esentetion. The chernsee were all remarkably WPII sung, an I exc si- lent time was keet, the piece going with a pie asing swing from beeinning to end. On Monday evening at the close of the entertainment Dr. Watkins con eratula • ted Mr. Singleton and !Wig Frost upon the success of their labours, and the children for the excellent manner in which they had performed _their tasks.

NOTES BY THE WA.N7 Ar 011.itL7ST3,vs'i

(BY A CO ititHEIPONDIINT.)

There does nv: appear to be any improvement in the quality of the gas supplier' to the to vnshio, but I believe slme steps are about to be taken With a view to renterlying what a disgrace to a well organised go-a-head community such as ours. The hubbub which was raised a week or two ago about the increased consumption without any apparent increase in the number of lights or hours of burn- ing is evidently about to bear fruit, as I understand a submCommittee ltas been appointed to look into the matter. There is some talk of refunding, but if there is to be any allowance at all, it will have tl be general, as the people will never agree to the large consumers alone reaping the benefit. It will have to be an all-round allowance, or none at all.

I think gr. Gillespie's strong actioa in the direc- tion of purifying the town;h p has had the desirei result. It will have been noticed that the charge of immorality has fallen off very considerably, and although for a week or two there has been a clean sheet, there was only one case this week. In this case he carried out his threat, and sent the delin- quent t) gaol for a month without the op'ion of a fine. This is the only way to clear the place of such disgustin7, characters, ani w)en i becomes known what little mercy they may expect if caught at their nefarious practices. I fancy they will decide to give Earlestown a very wide berth.

Dr. Daßinger could not but feel highly flattered at his reception in Earlestown last week, when he gave his well-known lecture on" Spiders." The hall w)s crlmiedl with a m's t resoectable and intelli- gent audience, who listened intently to all that the rev. gentleman hai to tell them about the various kinds of spiders. One gentleman was so impressed that he said he should never sea a spider, but he should think of Dr. Dallinpr.

The next lecture of the course will be the first of a series of four on "The Growth of the British Empire." Oa Wednesday next, Mr. H. Yule, Old- ham, MA., readPr in 'nymphv in the University of Cambridge, will be the lecturer, and ,hi 4 subject will be" The Field of Empire." The lecture sh9uld b. most interestinz, and of valuable assistance to all students of geograpay.

RUGBY FOO ['BALL. Since the last issue of the" Eicaminer," Warrington have engaged in two contests and emerged victorious from one, thus obtaining a point per match which is about up to the average. I don't want to make any disparaging remarks—l should be distinctly unfair if I did.—for the team has shown great improvement of late and looks likely for maintaining it. The forwards are p'aying with more dash, Bate seems to have got over his brief "off-colour perild, the threequarters are com- bining better, and a: full bsck Hallam Improves each week. If C Wold eaoably fills' the vaca icy for a Rool oFintrp h.) will have raid the streigth of the team vfly won side ra bly.

Salfordians will have a rattler better opinion of War- rington footballers now than they had a week ago. Last Sttarday the two Salford teama were in the run- ning fer the championships of the firat and ,'A "team leagues, but pox/ii consequenee of Warrinet pro attes, they will prohably fall short of obtaininz either one or the other. The team which came to War- rineton was weakened by th 3 absence of several capable backs. bat the fact that they had one or two better men E home appears to prove that the Salford committee th:erent the fifteen sent to Warrington was good enough to win. Tney were sadly mistaken, as events showed. Warringten's enforced idleness seemed to have done the players good for they bustled the Reds about in a most disconcerting fashion, and piled on 14 points to 6 points before the whistle sounded for" no time."

The game was a splendid one from every point of vievv,and thoroughly delighted the spectators, who have not seen much football lately. There was an abundance of quick running and passing, and all the finer points of th 3 brilliant Northern Union game were brought out. Warlingt3n were the first to score, land when that hap- pens things generally turn out bad for the opponents. Sudlow was tits sc)r, I*, and if lam not mistaken he is the first Warrington forward to score a try in a League match this season. His point came from a clever dribble, and comnencated for a try at the opposite corner gained by Fish, and disallowed. In the exciting play which followed the Salford backs gave some elimps.s of their proper fortn,Heath and France (the ez- Tytiesley man) s3oring tries in quick succession. A couple of mmths ago this would la tve tlteu most of the heart out of Warrinzton, but- they have al'e:e since then. On Saturiav they quickly regained lost ground, Harris putting thAnishing touch on some fine cornbina- tioo with a try at the corner, and Ashurst hickinf; penalty goal, so that half time saw Warrington t )ro points ahead.

The homest.rs gave no quarter in the seclnd half,and it was only on rare occasions that Salford managed to get out of their own territory. Naylor and Fish scored tries for Warrington,and completed the rout of the Reds. On the home side the most brilliant player was Harris who astoniFhld everyboiv with his dash and cleverneaa. Training and practice have brought him out rat:idly, and he is now the speediest and most dangerous wing man Warringt3n have had for some tins,. Fish was ai- m )st as good, in bet the wings were better than the centres, of whom Isherwood was fdr the Not. Bate and Athurst both played a grand game behind the s3rim- mAge. On the Salford side Grey, Pearson, and fle4th were the most prominent.

Fresh from their victory over the reprmentative3 the Royal Borough, Warrington journeyei to Leigh on Tuesiay with some misgivings but with a determination to make Leigh go all the way to win. No train being convenient,omnibuse.4 wAre requisitionel,and in glorious sunshine the journey to Leigh wts made. Whether the players had partAken heavily of pancake,neithlr higto-y nor the trainer relat3, but they fairly took it out of the four herses drawing the conveyance. Had Leigh been a couple of miles furtb,r away. I think the nags 'rani(' have given in c impletEdy. A 9 it was they ran the Club in for a few shillings' worth of time: Something like A hundred enthusiasts followel by 'bus, hike, cab, and Shank9'9 poly, se that there was aomelawly to raise a cheer for the men ii prim 039 an 1 blu3 when they stepped on the M.ithei-'an" enclosure.

A elight change hal b-ea made in the Warrington team, Ashnrst taking Cross's nla.ce in the centre, and giving J. Wilcosr, the Ebbw Vale ha'f back, an noportu- nity of showing his skill. The first I alf was moetly favour of the home team who ran in a caup'e of tries ore the interval. That of Dunbavin's was worth going a ione way t) see. It is not. ,ften a man ziozaga his way, unaided, through the Warrington backs as he did. It m tie 'ern look rather foolish I can tell vol. But in the second moiety Warrington re :an to star gOll9 Of th tt activity which proved so fatal to Salford. Leigh rastad on their laurels and made a blunder in doing so,for alter peppering the home line for a quarter of an hour Warrington obtained a try as the result of clever play by Fish. Ashurst being the scorer. Keeping up the siege they aeain found an nnening. Fish cro,sing the line after a -eries of quick es- canges. Then it was that the struggle became dssp,r- ate. LAO, who have won every match at home sines the first of the season, found themselves in danger of having their record spoiled, and strained every nerve Warrington kept at it just the same and were holding their own when Fish foolishly neglectei the ball and claimed hr off-side only to be ignored and find he had let the Leigh men in. From the next scrimmage the bill went to J. C)leman who rushed over near the corner flag. No further scoring took placs,and Warrington had to ac:ept defeat after making a most gallant fight.

A draw wolld have been the fairest result, for the teams were most evenly matcher!. Flsh gave a capital display, which was only marred by the one mistake just alluded to. He ran, punted and passed in the cleverest manner. Ashurst ald he made a very good wing, the hill back doing excellent work in his new position. Ishorwaod was several times at fault, and did not feefl Elarris as he should have done, the latter in consequence not having much chance to score. Praise must be Riven to Hallam who Vared in superb fashion, frepsently gaining he cheers of the Leigh partisans. He was much superior to Winstanley, the ex-Wigan hack doing duty for Leigh. I must not forget Wilcox. however. Toe little Welshman played very well considerhrr his strangeness to the N.U. game, and Bate's peculiar stile. He pauses very well indeed, is a plucky tsekler, and seems to be in the right placs when wanted. There is not much to choose between him and Ashnrst behind the scrimmage. Dunhavin, T. Davies. and Pearson were the shining lights of the Leigh back division.

A rather amuiing incident r,c"urre t half-time,when thers was a slrt of gathering of the clans. Wood, who Acelmpanifid the Warrington team, diccoverecl an old "pa!"in T Davievand while these two were chin watzging. the two Colemans came up, and 'tben Wilcox, all wel- coming one another like long-lost relatives.

The Lanealhire League table up tn date is ag fnllows:— won Again st. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P P. Oldham 72...18... 4... 0...23 92-328... 9 18— 48-31 Salford 23...16... 5... 2 19-48-182-21 19— 97...34 Broughton Rang 20-16 4... 0 32...53-223... 9 13— 57...32 *Swinton .. 21...14... 5... 2-27 46-192 ..10 12— 56...28 Widnes.. 19...13... 4... 2 ..-4 33-147.. 15 14— 73...28 Leigh. 23 ..14. 8.. 0...29 29-145-11 24-106_78 Runcorn l9 ..10. 7 2..22 25 —119..,13 27. 92...22 Warrington 2O-10... 9... I_ll 31-115-13 32-122...21 St. Helens 2O. 8... 9... 3...20 25-115...15 35-135...19 Rochdale Hornets2l... 5...12... 3...16 12— 68...28 46-194...13 Tyldesley 21 2...16... 4...11 15— 67.-23 58-221 8 Wigan 20.. —l6. 1...14 11— 61...30 32-177... 7 Stockport 19.. 2...16... 1...12 14— 63...37 61-257... 5 Morecambe 21.:. 2...18... 1... 4 9 35...34 54-230... 5 *Swinton have had two points de !noted for breach of professional rules.

To-day's malch is with St. Helens, at St. Helens, awl judging by Warrirriten's recent form,! think th-v will win. They have won the last five matches they have playPd with the Saints. and ought eertaialr to com- plete the half-dcz-n. Wool will make his -Irst ann,ar- nre in the team on this neca,ion, and thole who follow the team to S. Helens, will have,an opportunity of vp.. ing what he can do. ae is a little bit out of condition, but against the St. H-lens hacks he might to be able to give a satisfactore acclont of himself if he is a gona man. Ashurst will take his old pla7e at half back, and 111,nrilon will appear once more :among the forwards.

Tho .1 A" team accomplished a great performance at Salford, where they InPcle a pointless draw agaiwt the stronlcest team they have faced thia season. The Salfor I " A " team c,mtained such skilful players as F. Miles, Hirter, Phillips, and Sharp. The VA'arrinetln lath nlayed with snl(nlid plunk and would have won if Duckworth had been in anything like his usual form and taken the chances off,red him. Hockenhull and Ratcliffe both playei well, Wilcar shining blhind The SeTitilM3/7.. In the forwards Morrison plAyod a great came accl quite earned his plane on the first team against S. Helena. B scow was as reliable as ever at full back.

"—The " A "tarn lnagne now sand s as follows, thA matches not played owing to the frost counting as draws : For.

Avaingt.

P. (W. L. D. G. -1-E. P. G. T. P. P Salford lB-13— 2... 3... 26 58-216... 12... 42...29 warrington 16...11... 1... 4... 13 29...113... 6 6... 30...26 Oldham 16 ..10... 5... 1... f. 2 47...185...13 14... 68...21 Wllnes 14.. 9 3.. 2.. 17 39...151... 2 B. 28...20 Bronehton liangl4... 8... 4... 2... 15 37-141_10 17... 71...18 Swinton 14. 7.. 4. 3.. 18 35...141... 7 21... 77...17 Rochdala Wts 16... 6...10... 0_ 15 23... 99...'24 49-195_12 Stockport 15.. 5. 9. 1.. 9 2L.. 81... 8 33...115 ..11. Runcorn 14. 4.. 7. 3.. 5 25... 88...15 37...141...11 trigh l5. 1...12... 2. 5 10_ 40...24 59...225... 4 Tyldeslev l5. 0..14.. 1. 4 7... 29...33 61...249 1

It will ho Roan frran the abov, that.; Warrington aro still ciao point teter off than Salford on matches Tatars I, and if each team wins its remaining engagen3ents WaT- ring.txm will obtain the champ:Onlhip. Titly have an escolent chance oF doing so now, for thatigh Salford have only two mora IL,aTua matches, 01.1 ham " " at Salford, and Swinton " A "at Swinton, thoy stand a gcod chance of dropping a point or two in oao or other

of them. Warrington play Broughton Ranger; at War- rington, Rochdale Hornets at Roohdale. W:dnes at Widoel, and Runc-)rn W.; Warrington, all of which are stiff garlvs, but which onht to tto won by the strong " A " team now doing diry. They have the gold rned tis in vie .v and are certain to thr lw nothinz avvar to s .cure them. Tile Match with St. flelens "A " to-:;ay,is only a friendly, the later club not being in th ) " A "team League.

After the mach at Sa'ford J. W. Evans, the Warring- ton linesman. had a warm tim3. Hs had. during the game, ruled F. Miles in touch as the latter scored, and consequ,ntly there V 715 co :siderible bitterness shown by th! crow,l. Stones were flung, and atter the match a few hundred roughs laid in wait f.ir Evans, who how- ever vanished •in anther direction escort-d by a de- tective. For a time they took refuge in a tobacconist shop, but finally reached the station in safety. The duties of a touch-judge are not always pleasant as Evans is able to testify.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

A large number of support:era of the Ea.rleatown club jlurneved' with the team on Saturday to Baru- farlonct, to witness the replayed tie in the Wigan Cup competition, but they had to suffer disappoint- ment, as their favourite3 returned beaten by 5 goals to 4.

The game was of a rlugh and tumble character which is quite in keeping with all visits to the Binifurlong ground. P 1 3v was even right up to the call of time, the result being a draw of 3 goals each. An'extra half hour had to be played and hi this period Bamfurlong added two more goals and Earlestown one. I believe. however, a protest has been lodg.ui against the ground whiek is said to be sho-t of the stipulated length. I hope Earlestown will be successful.

On Saturday they mee- liavdock in the Lanca- shire Alliance, at flaydock.but seeing that Haydock have entered the Lancashire Lague, I do not know whether they will take much interest in the present contest.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE COURT AND PRISON GATE MISSION.

There are s-Yeral encouraging features in the work of the Mission for the year just close 1. 2,733 visits have been made to 26 police and petty se:- sional courts during which an nggregate of 13477 persons were spoken to by the Missi-maries, in the cells and courts, or an increase of 3,532. As a proof of the mlllence ot the magi3trates in the work they enlisted the help of the Missionaries in 1,010 CiSeS last year, many of them first off-nders, RS against 589 in the previous year. 7.667 breakfastS were given to prisoners on di charge at the Mission Room, near Walton Gaol,or al increase of 1043. The number of total abstinence pledges taken in conni-c- Mon with the Mission was 3.199 as against 2,682 in the previous year. The Firewood Factory at Bootle gsve employment to 256 m'en or an increase of 94. 2,226 letters were written by Missionaries with re- ference to cases. The principid items in the work for. the past month ere as follows: --During 226 visits to the courts 1,393 persons werre conversed with in the courts and cells of whom 647 were afterwards visited in their abodes, 160 persons were attended to in the courts at the desire of the jus- tiees, -22 lads mostly runaways were taken to Homes or sent back to friends. Four women were taken to the Society s Temperance Home and 21 others to refuges or restored to friends. Clothing was furnished to 36 cases. generelly to enable them to accept employment. 556 breakfasts were given to discharged prisoners at the Walton Mission Room. 280 pledges were tskon &e. LINUM CMTHARTIOIPI PTLLS. digestive, eorrea- tive, and agrel‘bly aperient, 41,1., 130.—0 f all 1 obenilets.—Advt4

===== 0002601_18990217_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS IN WARRINGTON. NEW WORKS.

OPENING OF MESSRS. FLENFIER RUSSELT.,

AND COMPANY'S WORKS.

Thera was a strong element of progress in the opening of the new works of Messrs Fletcher Russell and Co., Limited, near Wildersponl Causeway, on Wednesday afternoon, and one which bids fair to make Warrington still more important as a manu- facturing centre. Many in Warrington will re- member the small beginnings of this firm and will have watceed with interest its Uninterrupted pro- gress. Six and a half years ago there was an amal, gamation of the firms of Messrs. Thomas Fletcher and Company and Messrs. W. and A. C. Russell and Company of Manchester, and henceforth they became known as Messrs. Fletcher Russell and ComDany,Linaited, gas engineers and artistic ironfounders. The firm have realised for some time pa=t that their premises in Thynne-street were quite inadequate to cope with the growing demand of their businese, and at was in order to meet this deeelopsnent, that the new works have been erected. At Warrington the work carried on has been chiefly confined to fitting together and finishing the various appliances, the work of casting being carried out by the Pendleton department. In the new premises a large portion of this work will be done, and this will greatly facilitate the work. It would be im- possible here to enumerate the appliances manufac- tured by the firm, but they may be briefly divided into six sections, three connected with the War- rington department, and three with the Manchester department. In the first, place there are domestic labour saving .appliances such as cooking, water heating, laun- dry appliances, boiler burners, coffee roasters, gas governors, &c. The second section include 3 gas fires, stoves, greenhouse beilemand general heating apparatus. Then in the third place may be men- tioned laboratory and workshop appliances for gas, gsseline,petroleum and oil gas: furnaces of all kinds blowpip el, blowers, plugabers' stoves, boilers, Ste. The before mentioned are connected with the War- rieeton department. At Manchester the work may ale) be divided into three sections. One comprises trial tels, overmentels, grates, restaurant tables, garden chairs, curb fen lets, &e., another, kitchen ranges for coal, or gas and coal combined,coal cases, doors and frames, waslahouse boilers, a r brick ',and the third, lavatory stands and brackets. Tee prenaises cover an area of 121 ac e; and have been erected and fitted uo at acoit of £59,000, in- cluding the perehase of the sits. There are four b'ocks of buildings and in their erection no par- ticular style of architecture has been followed, the arrangement of the various; depertmenta and their utility having been kept uppermost in the minds of these responsible for the haild.ings. Mr. Alexander Neil, vice-chairman of the directors designed the works, whieh have been arehitseturally carried otv; be the Mayor of Warrington (ALI rman J. i. Wright. T P), and able assistance has been rendered by Mr. William RNeil Theoffi3es front Wilderspool Causeweyland are 126 ft. long by 63ft. broad. They co-aprise three storeys, the ground tber boil:Le uti- lized for storeenoms, the second floor for offices and the third floor for showrooms. Immediately behind is anether three-storey building 'which will be used as a warehouse, a grinding shop, and for annealing, enamelling and gas testing. In close , proximity there is also a boiler house with econo- miser and an engine house fitted us with electrical machinery, providing electric light and driving power.throughout the premises. The moulding shop eemprises another block of build- jogs, 181 feet long and 196 feet wide, divided into five sectional 'roofs. It is pro- vided ,with two cupolas supplied by Messrs. Thwsites. of Bradford, which are used in smelting the ore. There is another block to be mentioned and that is the one running parallel with the foot- ball field, which is 172 feet by 771 feet, and is to be used as a machine fitting shop. The works are connected with the London and North Western Railway by n siding running alongside the foundry and boiler hens°. Mr. C. W. Davenport has been the builder, and Hr. Broanhurst, clerk of the works. Th- number of employes at present is 400, but it is estimated that in a short time the number will reach 600. -

The inaugural ceremony was successfully per- formed in the presence of a numerous and repre- sentative assemblage on Wednesday afternoon. The proceedings' commenced with luncheon at the Patten Arms hotel, which Nivea served in admir- able style by Mrs. Kiernan, after which a drive was 1 taken to the new buildings, over which the Union Jack was flying. Preparations were then in pro- gress for the first casting, and the spectators were „entertained with the strains of the band connected with the works, under the conductorship of Mr. W. Kirk. An inspection oF the works showed them to be fitted no with the ,best and nxostnuidern improve- ments. Everything being in readiness an adjourn- ment. was made to the moulding shop, and amongst those present were:—the Mayor, (Alderman Wright P.,‘ Mr Thomas Fleteher. CS., (chairman), Mrs T Fletcher and Miss Fletcher, Mrs Healey. Mr E L Fletcher, (director). Mr W Fletcher, jun., Mr Alex Neil (vice-chairman), Mrs A Neil and Miss Nellie Neil Mr Alex Neil, jun., Mr Thomas Riley, Mr W R Neil. (director). and Mrs W R Neil,Mrs John Neil, Mr W Ru.sell. J.P., (managing director), Mr W A Russell. Mr A C Russell, (managing director), Mr William Russell. jun., (assistant secretary), Mr Fergus Russell, Mr Charles Clore. (director), Mr W TT Budge, (secretary), Mr W J Fonhaw, (solicitor to the Company), and Mrs Forshaw, Mr William Fairhurst, !Messrs T Bowers. A White. C Stewart, J Peters, W Antrobus. and J Flemina (foreman). Mr J A Jackson (head clerk), Mr J F Jackson (cashier) Mr T Longdin (borough surveyor). Mr C W Daven- port (builder), Mr J Broadbent (clerk of works Mr J Melbourne. Mr T Birtles, Mr

Birtles, and other. ifr John Niel, on_ of the directors was unfortunately un able to be present. Directly the 'hot metal was poured into the mould photographs were taken 'lf the assembly by Mr. T. Birtles, of Warrington. The first. cast, consisting of a teapot stand, was held aloft by Mr. Ernest Fletcher. amidst burl cheers from the workmen and visitors. The band struck up" See the conquering hero comes." The east bore the following inscription :—" Memento of the first cast, February 15,1899, New Works, War- rington." Snbsequently a cast of an artistic cigar tray was made. A cast will hereafter be presented -to each of the employes of the firm as a souvenir of . the occasion The workmen were afterwards re- galed with ries, cakes. beer, lemonade, &c., and will receive their full pay for the day. Excellent arrangements had been made for the em- ployees and friends by Mr. Alex. C. 'lessen. who with some senior members of the staff worked in- defatigably throughont the day in attending to the wants of the others. Other directors and officials also wol'ked:hard to ensure the success of the in- auguration which was high:v successful. The caterers were Mrs Hayward, and Mr. John Sampson and they gave every seisfaction. The works in Thynne-trset, ar, now being rapidly dismantled. and nogotiatiens are in progress with a view to their We. The P-ndleton and London de partments will not be affected by the new work

CLICARAICCE SALE OF FIIR—NITURE —Megirg. Nottall. Sons aid Company!, the renownel Envlish house and hotel furn'shers. of Moss nr,llqe, 15 to 27, Mois,treet, top e,orner of Win.ton, Liir.roool, having decided to alter and mod ,roise their premise; arc desirous of clear in ilrir entire stock of hip.h-rl%ssose-r and s.cond-'oand furniture in order to accornolish thg end fi-m are offering th, jr 9Cod{ o the value of £75.000 for sale, irrespeclive of volt prices. The tenni sr for prompt cash only and g,oodl will h. pocked free and carria.ze paid to all parts. Catalegles and estimates will be sent pool frm. on application.

To Ylowtaas.—Mrs: Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup iris berm for over fifty years by million; of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer Immediately. ft is plessaut to taste : it pro• dives natural quiet Steen, by relieving the child from pain and he little cherub awakes " RS bright as a button." Of al Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.— 4 let.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA MEET, NGS AT WARRINGTON.

ST. BARNABAS CHURCH.

Tho annual congregational tea party, entreabarnent, and dance in corm, ction with St. B irnabas' Church took plac:i in the Parish Schoolr)om on Monday evening. About 150 sat down t) tea and the followinl rend 'red assistanoe the t,l3.es :—Mrs. and Miss Allton, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Trevitt, Mrs. Carman, Mrs. Smith. Mrs. . " Irace.irdle, the Misses Vidler, Powell, L. Hassell, and Lonsdale.—A meeting was sub,eq Jently held, at which the Vicar (Rev. G. Allton) presided, and Alderman Sutton was also present on tbe platform.—The enter- tainment which was subsequently given consisted of a piano and violin solo by the Sisters Pooley, songs by Miss Dolby, and comic songs by Mr. Savage and Mr. Boyle. The latter also officiated as accompanist.—Votes of thanks were accorded to the artistes and others who had assisted in the meeting.—The latter part of the evening was spent in dancing, for which the music was supplit dby Mr. Whittakor's band. Mr. Nunnerley very efßoently carried out the duties of M.C.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S CHURCII.

On Monday evening about 200 of the parishioners of the above church eat down to a very substantial tea,the occasion being the annual congregational tea party. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Percival, Fear- se, Bay, Bamforth, Stanley, Lingley, Robinson. Lang- ley, Taylor, Skelland, Webster, Cox, Richardson, and Yeomans, and the Misses Brookes and Worrall. The tea was fellowed at 7.30 by an entertainment. The chair was token by the Rev B Percival (vicar), and he was supported by the Rev W Bracecamn (curate). Councillor John Roberts (vicar's warden), and Messrs J Bamforth (people's warde 1), Bay, Stanley, and Pearson. Miss Maggie Sutton opened the proceedings with a well ren- dered pianoforte solo, and Miss Leoa Dobson sang in capital style, and was loudly applauded. Mr D Fanshaw was in capital form, and he had to respond to a hearty encore. Master L Sutton sang with great effect.and for each of his songs . was most enthuoiaeticallv en- cored. Mr. Hassell was unfortunately suffering from a slight cold, but he gave satisfaction by the sweet rendering of his songs. The humorous portion of the entertainment was en- trusted to the able hands of Mr.W.Whitt'e, whose comic sours provoked roars of laughter, and he was heartily encored for each of his contributions-During the interval the Chairman said that that made the seventh annual eongregatioaal gath.ring he bad attended, and he was p'eased to see such a large attendance. He was glad to say that the financial position or the Church was satisfactory, but it was not only the financial po alert that had to be attended to, but also the spiritual position. The fund for the building of a new organ was not up to the mark. They had only got from £l6O to £l7O, and it would take much more than that amount to provide a good instru- ment. He was better able cow to look after the narish- loners, fJr he had the help of the Rev. W. Brececamp, who, he was sure, was the right man in the right place. (Applause.) He thanited all those who had assist •i. At the close of the enterceinutent, the Chairman pr eposed a vote of thanks to the artistes, who, he said, had ably acquitted themselves. Mr. Bamforth seconded the mo- tion, which was carried unanimously, HOLY TRINITY.

The annual conexgs.tional tea party in connection with Holy Trinity Church took place in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Monday evening. Tea.to which abut 250 poissas eat down, was provided at six o'clock when the tables were preside over by the following ladies :--Mrs J,moe Faircleuels, Miss Dobson. Mrs A Reynolds, Mrs Mainwarine, Mrs Pye, Misset Riesiner, Miss Brerley, Mrs Peter Leierh,Mise Hatton,MiFs Mather, Miss Gill, Mrs Win Gill Miss Garkell,Mrs Carleton,Mrs James Bowcock, Mrs Monks, Mrs Walhead.Mrs D Jones, Mrs B L Pierpoint, Mrs Fershaw, Miss Reid,Mr Birchen, Mrs W Yoang,Mrs F•Teusion,Mrsß J shnsnn,Mrs Rewson, Mrs flesketh, and Mrs Pilkingten. In the eveninF,r,when an enterta'nment was given the ball was crowded. The Rev EC E Carleton, toe vicar, preened. The pro- gramme opened with an overture by the erc)estra,which also provided another item in the seeond part. Then followed a oornedietta. by P J Williams, entitled " The Little Sentinel." The resp Active parts were taken as follows —Mr Whets:Beton Coaxer, Mr Arthur Lewis ; Captain Ci are ice Courtington, Mr Cecil fl Bond ; Sim. Mr Harry Mo,ley ; Letty Haw. theme, Miss AM B)nd ; May, Miss Lu Wenham. The various parts were well sustained t'lroueheist. and the performance was greatly appreciated. Mr. J. 13,141 e was very suc3essful in his humorous songs, as was Miss R Rigbey in her song, " Japev Jap Japer" (" Geisha "), welch she saw in e.haracter. A mandolins quartet be the i/fisirs Mere Randall, L White, L Davies, arid L. Hartley wse well received, as was a trio, " Tnree litt'e maids from cersol " ("Mikado ") by Misses R Righev, A Bate. and 8 Hewitt. A xylophone solo by Mr Fred Randall, and a reading, an extract fron Artemus Ward's " Lecture on the Hormone," by Mr FI M Ashton, were highly appreciate i. Mrs. Jarley'e Waxworks in tw• o caravans formed m-st interesting items in the evening's entertainment. Mrs Dobson and Mr. Percy Randall were ab'e accompanists. CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL.

Anniyereary sPrrnona were preached at Cairneatreft Chapel on Sunday, by the HP,7, W. E. Addis, M.A , of Nottingham. Oe Monday evening the annual congre- gational tea party and meeting were held in the school- room. About 200 were present at the tea. The tables were prodded over bv Mrs F W Monks, Mrs W Long, Mrs J Rymer Yoene, Miss M E Monks. Mrs J S Hill,Mrs J T Smith, Mrs C Madelev and Mn-, Johnson. At the meeting whif h followed the tea Mr W Long nresided,and there were also present—the Revs W E Addis, and W H Drummond, and M‘ssrs F Monks,F W Monks, T Bircball Jo`,n Young, J Rymer Young, W H Woeficoek, J S Hill. T Whittie, A Rathbnne, J Gandy, J Pemberton, C Hol- lingsworth, and J W Davies —The Chairman said they were there for their annual steclrteking—ennial stock- taking. Figures and finance were tabooed at that meet- in. because they had their business meeting some two or three weeks ago, but he could tell them that owing to the• generosity of Miss Wheeler they had been able to clear the chapel from debt. (Anplauve.) They had those *mono them who did honour to the con- gregation. notably a gentlemen of whom they were all proud. He saw in the paper that once more he was , trying to honour his native town by giving to the Cor- poration a statue of the preserver and champion of their, liberties, at a time when their liberties very badly needed a champioe. (Applause.) He was ashamed of such an exhibition as that which took place in the Council Chamber the other night, and which emanated from one or two persons there. HA was prond,however, to see that they were over-ridden by a large number. He thought the two who opposed the acceptance of the statue were the repreverentives of narrow hlontry in the town. (Hear. hear.) They all took credit for any- thing which say member of their congregation did. They were proud of that last mark of generosity to his native town. In their chapel life they had great op- portunities aid great resnonsibilies. When they remembered the great men who had been stioporters'nf that chapel, it would be a diserace and a discredit if they did not take, as well as their poeition, their work and responsibility. He was sure that they would all be pleased that they had rescued from demol:tion the greatest memento they nod of those great men who stood there in the year 1757, and established the Old Academy in Warrington. from which their present Mane cheater New College sprang. Those men had a fae wider fame than any sect or pertv could give them, and it was hoped by preerving. the Old Academy to show the they wPre not forgotten in the town. (Applause.) —The Rev. W. H. Drummond said that during the last year nothing had stood out quite se sneeielly as in the Previous year, when they opened th-ir new school build- ings, but during another twelve months they had done a quiet steady reliei-ere work in church and school. Regarding Miss Wheeler's generous gift, he had already told her what he thought about it. He (Ivey attention to the feet that two old mrmlovv of the church (Mr. and Mrs. Y-ung), where shortly to cele- brate their onlden weddiug, and the friends of Cairo- street would like them to feel on th ,t very joyous and sacred day that their thoughts. wnulel he with them. (Andante.) He (Mr. Dremmerd) thought he should do a in rie mhrn to help forward the religious lire of the growing boys and girls in the school and chapel. Therm were difficulties in the way of doing anything on a week night, so that he pr -posed to eommenne next Sundev morning a Ynune People's Bib's? Cleve*. He was glad to think however, that they were fond of their chapel and its traditions, and sill fonder of ins liv- ing Christai fellowship, ard he temered they xvou'd go home and begin their rew veer of wo-k and worship with a resolution to he, if possible, more faithfnl, mere devnut and truer in their r-lation to everrthine that was gend in life —The Rev. W. E Addis gave A brief address. On the motion of Mr. F Mneke, necended by Mr. Bir- ehall. and supported he Mr. Pemberten. a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairmen, the Key. W. E. Addle, and to the workers —During the r.vpnino, songs were centri- louted by Mrs. Arthur Boeth arid Mr. Whitehouse, and violin solos by Miss Birchen.

===== 0002601_18990217_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. ARTHUR SHAWCROSS.

We regret to stste thst the death took place at a quarter-past ten on Sunday morning, at his resi- dence in Sankey-street, of Mr. Arthur Shawcross, who had been in business in Warrington for nine years eg a veterinary surgeon. The deceased. who was 33 years of age, contracted a chill a few days ago. and influenza and pneumonia setting in he suceumbed. His medical attendants were Drs. Braille and Josenb.

CO A_GITLINPA, _ .—fgrnbNreennatrtice re:7 t Advt.

ACA REMY STREET HALL.

On Sunday, Mrs. shim of Preston, paid her first visit to the Warrington society and was greeted by very good audiences. Her addresses on "The many mansions" and "who ri 6eak ye ?" were followed by clairvoyance. She RN, stated to the "after circle" in the evening, at which she was instrumental in giving several good tests. On Monday evening, after a f-w introductory remarks, Mrs. Shaw gave fourteen clairvoyant delineations, twelve of which were fully recognized.

Warrington.--- Printed and published by John WALKER & O. at The Examiner General Printing Works, 13.1wsey-stre.t. and published by them at the same place and also a The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, WiDNES ; 43. Gorge street, ST. HELENS, and 3 Market-streat, EIaRLE9TOWN ira the County of Lancyter and also at 1112h-str4et. fluseinx In the County of Chester.—FEBRUARY 17 1a93.

===== 0002601_18990217_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S SAUSAGES ARE UNEQUALLED FOR QUALITY.

•VIIRISTADELPITIAN ROOM, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGIION.—LBCTUHE (n.v.) 6.30 p.m., Feb. 19th. Subject : " Obe'ienee better than Sacrifice.' by J. BATTERSBY of Droyleden. Seats free, No col- le:tions or offerinqs.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES AT POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S AND SAVE MONEY.

NEW GOSPEL BALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. FEBRUARY 19•rii as follows : Worship 10.30.15ch00l 2.0 Gospel 6.30. PREACHERS Messrs. F.. TAYLOR and F. I3ROADHURST. All seats free. No collectiou. Books pro- vided. - ADDRESSES ON INDUSTRIAL AND SOCIAL , QUESTIONS. Every Sunday afterncon at 2.45. IN ST. JAMES'S CHURCH, LATCHFORD. TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 19TH. SUBJECT: " The Church and Social Questions," Men and Young Men Earnestly Invited. A Goid Band will accompany the.singing of Hymns. AGED PERSONS TREAT, RUNCORN. THE COMMITTEE of the above EARNESTLY INVITE -SUBSCRIPTIONS in AID of the AGED PERSONS TREAT, at Runcorn. which it is proposed give to all the Aged Per- sons (over 60 sears) in Runcorn and District, at the Public Hall, on March Bth, 1899. MR. SAMUEL TAYLOR, (ChairmAn). MR. E. IMISON, (Treasurer). MR. G. HOWARD, (Secretary). MR. JOSHUA NALL. (Assistant Secretary),

CHESHIRE COUN TY COUNCIL—The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMI CTEE offers a number of SCHOLARSHIPS tor DAIRY-WORK, terahle for ten weeks, at the DAIRY INS PI CUTE, WORLESTON, and commencing on MONDAY, MARCH 13Tm—Applications to be forware.e.l to the unclers4tn d not later than MARCH 6TH. RICHARD P. WARD. Organizing S,,eretary'a Office, Crewe. - - COUNTY OF CHESTER. CHESHIRE CONS I.' ABU ARY. .CONTRACT FOR PRINTING AND STATIONERY. ---- Persins desirous of TENDERING for the PRINTING and STATIONERY required for use by the Cheshire 'Constabulary, can oh •am n a copy of th, Conditions and Pecifications from the CELIEF CONSTABLE, at his Office Chester, between the 20t ) and 24;h of FEBRUARY, 150th days inclusive. The lowest or any Tender will not necessailly be ac- bated this 7th day, of FEBRUARY, 1899. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for Cheshire. CHESHIRE fLINHS. NATATERLOO COURSING NIEETING, ON WED- NE-WAY. THURDAY, AND FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22ND, 2380, AND 24TH. 1899. Speeial Express Trains will be run to ALTCAR and HILL- 'ROUSE (near the Course) as ander *** Should the melt be at Lvdiate on any of the days, the %rains will ran to and from Lydiate Station. Times. Wednesday & Yarel there and Stations. Thursday Friday. back each day. a m. n.m. a.m. let Class 3rd Cl. 'Warrington (Central) dep.... 9.0 11.1 9.0 4s. 2s. Ikltcar and Hillhouse arr.... 9.35 11.45 9.35 The special trains will return from Altcar and Hillhouse . about hal: an hour after the coursing is finished each day. •Passengers can also return by any ordinary train. Shou!d the coursing be postponed the Special trains will ttot be sun. For cheap bookings from Whines. Farnworth, Sze., see bills at the stations. DAVID MELDRUM, Manager. Central Station, Liverpool. Februaly 18, 1899.

.£4,000,000 HAVE NOW BEEN PAID IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ALL ACC ID RNTS, WO RK N'S ACCIDENTS. FIDRLITY GUARA.NTER, BY THE RAILWAY PASSEN GERS' SSURANCE O. 04, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manclaester Office : 64, Cross Street. • AGENTS: 'Warrington M. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, NTH. ElGBBY.Nesscliff?. Victoria-rd.,LAteliford ;at. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street ICnutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Zandbach Mr. F.J. FIN LOW. Rookery Bridge Varnworth Mr. J. WiLL AND WATSON,Moerfield House

SPECIAL OFFER, FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS now being offered by , T. ~,./LARKE. " EXAMINER" OFF WE. EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 2(1 per cent or 4s in he round.

THE HOLT CYCLE WORKS. WARGRAVE-ROAD, EABLESTOWN. If you want a genuine Cycle, call and give PRANK 110 IT the ord.r, and he will make one to suit you in height, weight, and material. All Machines made by him are guaranteed to be of the beat possible material and workmanship. The fol- lowing copy of testimonial speaks for itself. 9. Ley'and-road, Southport. ecember 15th. 1897. Dear Sir,—l have great pleasure in informing you that the two bicycles I bought from you in the early Part of the year have given every satisfaction. My Wife is delighted with tile easy running Fcc., of hers. I have had opportunities of comparing them with machines of th 3 best makers, and honestly believe them to be equal to anyth'isg in the market. Plcase let me know your lowest price for a strong light machine for my boy, 7 years old. —Yours faithfully, W. MELLING.

'WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FRMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITI3ERF Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prenare this celebrated Medicine 'from the only Jriginal and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers 'should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be 'careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Brnithers, who is the only person in possess on of the ORIGINAL RECipz. The genuine aro wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the °Weide Lbel by Mis. Smithers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & Sox 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paula', L ndon, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in '°xoes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemist.

461)10tEG PARDON, ESkCU3E ME, BUT WHERE _LI OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LliblOE-S tREEr, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

le-UPTL'RES, - FOR CURB OF RUPTURES. il_ts T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure f Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss ond Surgical Appliance Works,? a 9 Grosvenor-street Lon aon-road. Manchester.

BOROUGH OF ti ' I WARRINGTON. MIRIN G 4 TT OR EtTE CDO IT, OA R,NA'ullitONß CON CE N - TWENTY-FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A ISO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine selection of lIA.RE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON S.; CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR. MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1319. Valuations for probate.

LIIX CUBES, (ieeond hand).—Shop or Office, Counters 12 Showcases, Shelving, Desks. Scales, Weights, Canisters Coffee Mills, Butchers' Blocks. Safes, Copper Urns. Par tioning, Marble slabs. Gasfittings, Oil Tanks, Confectioners Glasses. cheap. —SizTox's,9, St. Anne-street, near Iving ton Liverpool.

GEDDE,S DANDELION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J.: GIiDDHS AND SON, WARRINGTOR ESTA.BLISHED 1833

COUNTY OF CHESTER. WILD BIRDS PROTECTION ACTS, 1880, 1894, AND 1896. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the following is a copy of an ORDER which has been made by the Right Honourable Sir Matthew White Ridlee, Baronet, M P., Secretary of State for the Home Department, viz : WILD BIRDS (ENGLAND), Coaster) The Wild Birds Protec-ien (County of 18i18. Order, 1898, Dated 15th F bruary, In pureuance of the powers conferred Liven me by the Wild Bird's Protection Acts, 1880 to 1896, and upon application by the County Council of Chester, I hereby make the'following Order,which shall apply to the whole of the County of Chester :- 1. This Order may be cited as "The Wild Birds Pro- tection (County of Chester) Order, 1898." 2. The time during whieh the killing and taking of wild birds, or any of them, is prohibited by the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 (43 and 44 Vic., cap. 35),5ha1l be extended in the County of Chester) so as ta be from the Ist day of Match to the 12th day of August in each year. 3. The Act of 1880, as by Section 2of this Order, shall apply within the whole of the County of Chester to the Kestrel and Heron as if those species were included in the Schedule of that Act. 4. The taking or kfiling of the following species of birds, namely :—Kingfisher, Great Crested Grebe,Heron, Goldfinch and Owl, shall be pi ohibited within the whole of the County of Chester during the whole of that period of the year to which the protection of wild birds under the Act of 1880 (as extended by Section 2 of this Order) does not extend. 5. The taking or deqroving of the Eggs of the Owl, the Biitern, thelKingfisher, the Kestrel. the Heron, the Sheldrake, the Dunlin,the Blackheaded Gull,the Common Tern, and the Oyster Catcher, eh dl be prohiblted in the ! whole of the County of Chester. ! And I make the following further Order, which shall apply within the portion of the Hundred of Wirral coloured pink on the maps deposited in the Home Office ! and in the office of the County Council, and embrac- ing the low-lying lands and sandhille situate between the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey, of which the boundaries shall commence to the south at a point of the main highway of the County of Chester 200 yards to the west of the Dock Cottages near the " Docks" Railway Station of the Wirral Railway, run along the main highway to Bidston Villace, and then turn in a northerly direction and run to Bidston Railway Station of the site Railway, then turn in a westerly direction and run along toe Wirral Rallivay until it reaches the Meols Station of such rail- way, then run along the highway near to the Meols Railway Station in a northerly direction to the Irish Sea then en the north along the margin of high-water mark of the Irish Sea to a point at New Brighton where the Yellow Noses join the said Irish Sea, and then run in a southerly direction to" Warren Drive "or road ,and ! along" Warren Drive" to the most northerly house and grounds on the west side of such drive, then along the western boundary of the houses and premises situate along the western side of such drive or road to a point 100 yards or so from Grove-road then turning in a westerly direction along the northern boundaries of the houses and premises in Grove-road, Wallasey, until it reaches the Wirral Railway, then turning in a southerly direction along the Wirral Railway until it reaches the Wallasey Marsh. then along the edge of the marsh in a southerly direction until it reaches the Poulton Half- penny Bridge, then turning in a westerly direction on the edge of the said marsh, until it reaches along the edge of tke marsh the main highway leading from Poul- ton to Meols, such parts within the aforesaid boundaries as are market garden lands and are rot coloured in the said maps are excepted from the operation of this Order. 6. The Act of 1880. as extended by Section 2of this Order, shall apply within the above-named area to the following species of birds -- Red-backed Shrike, Whinchat, Spotted Flycatcher, Sedge Warbler, Blackcap Warbler, Grasshopper Warbler Wood Warbler, Garden Warbler, Mistle Thrush,Common Bunting, Reed Bunting, Goldfinch, Wheatear, Chiffchaff, Golden-crested Wren, Yellow Wagtail, Pied Wagtail, Water Wagtail. Skylark, and Titlark, as if they were in- cluded in the Schedule to the Act of 1880. 7. The taking or destroy ing of the Eggs of all Wild Birds shall be prohibited within the above-named area for a period of five years from the date of this Order. 8. The taking or killine of ALL WILD BIRDS shall be prohib ted within the above-named area during the whole of that period of the year to .ehich the protection ef wild birds under the Act et 18S0 as extended by Sec- tiori 2 of this Order does not iaud. 9. The taking or killine of the Gull and the Tern is pi ohibited within the Adminietrative County of Chester during the who!e of that period of the year to which the proteci ion of wild birds under the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 (as extended by Section 2 of this Order) does act extend. 10. I hereby exempt from the operatio4 of paragraph nrunher 9 of this Order so much of the Couuty of Chester as do.' NOT lie within the PatishPs of PUDDINGTON WALL kSEY BURTON LOWER BEBINGTON NESS BROM BOROUGH NES CQN-CUM-PARKGATE E STHAM 1100 ION INCE NETHERPOOL GREAT STANNEY WHITBY FRODSHAM LORDSHIP S rANLow vvESTON GAY'I ON BUNCO RN HESWALL-CUM- IIAL ON OLDFIELD NORTON TH U RSTASTON MOORE CALDY ACTON GRANGE HOYLAKE-CUM-WEST WALTON INFERIOR KIRBY Including therein so much of the estuaries of the Rivers Dee and Mersey as lies wLhin the Administrative County of Chester. 11. ThP Orders of the 10th July, 1895, and the Ist March, 1897, are hereby repealed. Given under my hand at Whitehall, this 15th day of February, 1898.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND IPROVISION DEALER,' LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD, FINEST [BOLD CURED BACON, AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S A LITTLE MONEY GOES A L9NG WAY AT HAMS, B C ACON, AND HEESE POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

N UTTALL'S RECON STR U CTION SALE, THE WHOLE OF MOSS HOUSE. HAVING BEEN PURCHASED BY NUITALL'S IN OPEN MAIZKET, THE CHIEFS HAVE DECIDED ON GREAT ALTERATIONS AND INIPROVENLINTS THROUGHOUT THE BUILDINGS, THEREFORE THE ENTI iU STOCK OF £7 5 ,000 VAL U E MUST BE CLEARED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE COA-1.• PRICES. NUTTALL, SONS, & CO., 'MOSS HOUSE, 15, 17, 19, 21, 25, Si 27, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NUTTALL'S, THE RENOWNED ENGLISH HOUSE AND HOTEL FURNISHERS, SPECIAL GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTHS, &c. THE SALE WILL BE THE LARGEST AND MOST GENUINE EVER HELD IN LIVERPOOL. COME IN CROWDS FOR THE BARGAINS. CATALOGUES AND ESTIMATES POST FREE ON APPLICATION, 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS PROMPT CASH ONLY.

N UTTAL L'S, HOUSE FURNISHERS FOR THE MILLION. ENTIRE PREMIsES TO BE ALTERED AND 2401)1ht:416ED IN ORDER TO MAKE IT THE FIRST AND FOREMOST IN TH3 KINGDOM. THE FIRST STEP Towenrs THIS IS THAT THE ENTIRE STOCK BE CLEARED. HIGH-CLASS NEW lc SECOND-HAND FURNITURE NOW FFERED AT ALMOST GIVING-AWAY P RIORS. To EFFECT AN INSTANTANEOUS CLEARANCE. Goods Packed Free and Carriage Pail to all pa:la. All Cases and Wrapper+, to be returned. 15 TO 27, MOSS-SITEET, (TOP WHINER. OF (SLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS. : PROMFT CASH ONLY.

TAM O'SBANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RIJI3I3ER CO., L ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY I'INISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show Rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANVitAY, 37, T CERMARICEST STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BIiCK, InoNlioNGEAs.

WALTHAM WATCHES THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN 111 E WORLD. NONE SO ACCURATE, NONE SO DURABLE, NONE SO CHEAP. PRICES FROM 20s. TO £25. SCHIERWATER, & LLOYD SOLE RETAIL AGENTS FOR LIVERPOOL. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. 29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. GREAT SALE. 4s. TO 10s, IN THE POUND OFF ALL WINTER STOCK. This is not a Sale of Old Stock only, as all the goods have been made for this Season's Trade. After such a mild season we have a larger Stock left than we ewe for. We are ob:igel t) make a greater Reduction than usual to effect a clearance. MEN'S WINTER OVERCOATS. FROM los. 6D. YOUTHS WIN TER OVERCOATS „ BOYS' WiNTER OVERCOATS „ ALL WINTER SUITS REDUCED IN PROPORTION. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEDIARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. ,

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL, STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. s.s. CASTILIAN, for Halifax and Portland rFeb 23rd s.s. LAURENTIAN for Halifax and St. John N. 8., Mar 2nd as. CALIFORNIAN for Halifax and St. John N.B. Mar 16th S. NUMIDIAN for Halifax And Portland ... Mar 23rd Saloon Fares from £ll, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage 25 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- st., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

• WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAM ERS. • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. MAJEiTIC ...Wed., Feb. 22 GERMANIC —Weil., Mar. 1 Second Cabin carried on MAJESTIC and TEUTONIC only. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of oharge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, ork. Baltimore Apply to -LIMA'S:, Imnik, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhall strf,ut, Loudon N.C..

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NJW .L-1 YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK und PI-lILADELPHIA every WEDNES DAY. JOHN WALKER AN CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, vGITON.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT OA. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

WEDDING RINGS.—Puro Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOR to Fie TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and H&C-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

UMBRELL ! UM BRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHAD RS RECOVERED IN "[tax AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

W. B. Sw EETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. Ihe Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREBT,. LIVERPOOL (Opposite Centaal Station). _ . LONG WORTH PAPER AIERCRANT. BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt 1 Fr,ouß BAGS. 20s cwt CHEESE „ us „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHIIE PAPRit,l3s „ LMLUI4 on PINK ~ 123 6cl „ CAP PAPER, 14 by 2,7 id ; 16 by 24, Nil ; 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. is, 4 ozs. Is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE Id per DA less. ANVELUPESeIs 6d 1000. NOTE PAPETI,3I(I per pound. CA itRIA.UE PAID. 4 ktiD 6, OAK JTILtiliT • THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

POVEY AD DUCKWORTH have built their BUSINESS on quality which is the best test of cheapness. 221 BU TT RMARKET SPREET, WAR RINGTON.

THIRTY-FOURTH ANNUAL SALE AT JAMES LOWE'S' 13, 15, 17, AND 19, OLD LIAK-3 TREET, AND • . 3,5, AND 7, BACK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. SALE NOW TAKING PLACE: N CONNECTION Wlal THIS ANNOUNCE- -1 MENU IT IS NOT INTENDED THAT ANY LENGTHENED Introductory Statement should be made, inasmuch as on previous oc .asions the fullest explanations have been given of those principles of management under the guidance of whish we have from year to year achieved such a degree of uniform success, as we believe is freely admitted by everyone to have been hitherto altogether unparalleled. At the risk, however of appearing to r iterate too frequently what has to often been enlarged upon at other times. we are eat neatly desirous that PUBLIC ATTENTION should be again steadily directed to an important and special characteristic in the conduct of our Annual Sales • and one which, we have been en- couraged to think, has contributed in no small degree to the attainment of that marvellous success already referred to, and of which, without disguisin; the fact we are justly proud. We allude to the circumstance that on this, as on every previous occasion, the GOODS included in the ASTONISHING PR !WAR ATION S which our AGENTS have recently completed, have been pur- ch•sed exclusively for tho PRESENT SEASON ; and moreover, we emphatica.ly state that from the VAST STORES whicn have been collected in the English and Foreign Markets, for the purposes of this Sale, everything has been MOST SCRUPULOUSLY EX- CLUDED which is either INFERIOR IN QUALITY OR OBSOLETE IN STYLE. We also venture to think that this statement, res- pecting the NEWNESS AND THE FRESHNESS of each display on these occasions. wiil be abundantly confirmed by the experience of the public in former years. FROM THIS IT WILL, THEREFORE, BE UN- DERSTOOD THAT THE YEARLY SALE IS NOT AN EVENT FORCED UPON US by necessity in the shape of an accumulation of surplus or refuse stock, but that it is a bona-fide institution to meet the ever-increasing demands made upon us by the public, and that it has, for this reasoa, become an integral part of the very extensive business of this 1101113. NATIONAL TELEPHONE No. 208. • TELEGRAPH " TACITUS " MANCHESTER. Catalogues, containing full details of the Depart- ments, Free by Post, or en application. JAMES LO E, 13 101 AND 19, OLD HAH S MEET, AND 3,5, 7, BACK PICCADILLY, 1\ TANCRESTER.

THE -W Co.,INGTON SLATE ‘,l 1 SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON .LIME FIRMS, LIMITED, SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS (910EPIIISHAW COAL). 07rms AND WHAIIF ARPLE.Y STATION, WARRINGTON. Ccal Sidings and Branch Office : Marson Street, Warrington. GO TO 3 . EMBt:RTON'S FOR WOOLS, PENIBERTJN'S Fon STOCKINGS, rENIBERFON'S FOR GLOVES, PEMBERTON'S F,al CARDIGANS. ONLY MAKER IN THE TOWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN. 35, WINWICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICII. GUINNESS'S I..ti'r ÜBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD ita, BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD e.ND BITTER ALES. Ss;'H.EATLEY'S HOP BITThIRS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER IMIR, To l lar.d. In CASK or BOTTLES from U. JU NAN EVEINNI WINWICI/ ROAD. WARRINGTON. • Also Manufacturer cf HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stopp-reci B-ttles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET. TOBACCO-, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

JAMES SINPFIERD. LICENSE') HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON. Best Prices givera for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, &c. Prompt Removal and Cash Payment. Distance no object. MEAT STORES! MEAT STORES I GOOD BOILED MEAT alw,ys on hand, in large or small quantities. for Dogs, Cats, Poultry, to., Scc Coaracts made. All Leters an I Telegrams addressed to 11. R Y-S I:F.T, WAll INGTO N. Private Address : BRIDGEWATHR,T WHET,

SALE! SALE! SALE! LORD BROS WINTER CLEARANCE SALE IS NOW ON. EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 198 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

1.00 TO BE GIVEN AWAY, AMONGST THOSE TAKING PART IN OUR ' FREE CASH PRIZE COMPETITION. ITO ENTRA.NCE FEB WHATIIVICR. IsT PRIZE £5O. 2ND PRIZE ..£25. 3RD PRIZE £l5. 4TII PRIZE £lO. These money Prizes will be genuinely giv:m away as an wivertisernent. among the Competitors who can reotrr,nge the following 22 letters to represent the name, () four weil-known wild animals, selected by us, viz NIOL G ERIT EPNAIIL ABREZ. Send in your solutions at once upon receipt of which we will inform you if correct cud give you full dete4s kif the Competitions, with conditions, and date of c..ash:g If you cannot solve all four names, do as rnaGy as you can, as there are four prizes to compete tor. No so!ution can be received after 12th April, 1893. Address COMPETITION M ANAG ER," T. 214, HORNSE Y ROAD, LONDON.

COATS AND, SKIRTS. Niriss CONSTANTINE BEGS to inform her .I. Patrons and the Public that she is now employing only FIRST-CLASS TAILORS in her Workrooms, and is confident that, after a trial, her Customers in this branch wig become as numerous as in that of Visiting 'Dresses Evening and Tea Gowns. TAILOR-MADE COST AND HURT FROM £3 Ws. 17, ELLIOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLANDUDNO.- 1.) Good educatien. Fees from Egs. Principal, Miss MOXOV, Fren. Church Walks.

MI. W. H. PAYTON MU& BAC. VICT., (Organist .nd Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), REC El VR‘i PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc.. at own or pupil's residence Pupils preparel for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

roø,iSoarbinec 05tab5. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATR HILL, ALSO AT 70 3: 71. RUSTON SQUARS Houn CoMFORTS, CLEANLINERS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOP. DUsINEBEI OR PLEARtruis. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. - QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDR HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ;fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from Is 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BO@COCK, Proprietor.

JAMES DALEY ESTATE AND COMMISSION AIIENT, RENT AND DEBTSSOLLECTED. PROPERTY BOUGHT AND SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY. ADDRESS :- 9, ST. AUSTIN'S-LANE, WARRINGTON. L 00K TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS. THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be re- placed by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. CJOKE, YORK. LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai:As, has much pleasnre in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is the 9nly uositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every case. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- lars and roost convinaing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £l.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, 50, Bradgate-road. Catford, London, S.E. NOTICE OF REMOVAL. R. WARN ER AND SON, THE LIVERPOOL BOOTMAKERS, Have REMOVED their ENTIRE BUSINESS from 92, BOLD-STREET TO 9, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, TOP OF LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ENTIRELY NEW STOCK in Ladies' Department.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH, The celebrated effect= HOOFING COUGH cure without internal medicines. HOOPING COUGH - Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl c. Sole W holesale Agen ts, BRONCH IT'S W. EDWAILDB & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROC'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

- - VALUA9LE BOOK for 4d. (oost free) on the Complete Cure of Indigestion. Liver and Kidney Co-uplaints, all nervous disorders ; valuable information ; marvellous cures occur daily.—Smint & Co., Alverthorpe-road, Wakefield. Yorks.

EVERY MAN QUITEIUNG from Ner-ous Bud Physical Debility L., should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining bow all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. heat aled. post free. Address— J. NORTON. 69, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, Vl.O listaotished .30 Years.

-..j::i:,,.., jaanti4MSTMEfek.,,-'"'ItaraIMATZIEMM72EEM:=2... ~,,,'", m rt, ,:, •,,, . , e'-'l6'-'*. 15454 i g015.4.---,a . , f 0 ,i., .5--j, ef lj ELY g -A kg in . . . Three p _,, iktliko E?,,,.. c(!.d 7' 44.1,0 b 0 tf .‘N ia-m ea ~n:::: , edals -,-;/-7.--7-7;—"'itYl-..i.telisfei.STK.'iLlia.l7.t. • 'N4 t't f-L /4,4 i'..Z.. gmF2l p !,;',:i 71 .;3i ip i ill) liJ47i* g, r---,,.. Awarded r '. .'' s • ..-.,..,.. :;'; ' 1- .4' . 'gp., •••• , -., - ."‘ \„.. -->,, ~.„. ~1 Your CANNOT BE Buui7t IN iii SHOP, ,s; 1 • \ , ..k. \\ P: 119 t,.::0,\ Money -,` ~.-7 ~ 5-„,,,,.., bBY ut are promptly sent PARCEL '%, s• kzw. N'.N ~,5 s'a •,:5.:',.. : s'.V.i!- POST, safely packed, O 'RE:CT FROM , -,A,,,___:. .1;,;,..•-•,•-,S,••••`,',...,1,-„, N saved . • , .1,...,,,-,,,z4.,-,-- - Al.' Wk,•!;.-T,4 \.',''',7\;, o -LA ..,,. • '",:* N-,,,,ki •• ..- ‘,4 • .--,‘,-=' i: ') ~-,-,:,,,,,,,A, TUMIERS in the 11/ORLD. . by ~\1 .\"•,\' -.5.:::":,z, , "IT SPEAKS YCLIFIF,,'" for tne excellence 'lir /'t tsr\'‘. . ;:::..,,, ••• ~..,. -..4 of the 13rooic Stret t .‘l,lls roductions. that 4 .::":4'•\ ' ordering ...-- .'s ''".' - altimiigh d,,ring the pdst from .4..1.....„. 7: i...;„11 . .... girt, ter. eentviry 111•111 y fun. ' .N., ... , -1,, , N.,,,.., ...., have tr,ed to. on date theen.t.une -, ..,,..„..-- ,- -t„ '' . have succeeded in product:l2 a .. "it-N\•,. :"P?"•—xv..s:, cl 12 - ,T ... ~.: -1 , - - =',-•,(-.--,-.•__ -, ga.. memthe same price 'il-, ' \ , 't, ~..,,,,,\ i..,,,..‘, • which was a• 8:1 worthy to rank tl;9kC:' \ ''' JOHN „ ~..,_. '.'':',`k.4... • , in the same ctass i.s the famous Jon:: -No.;:t.i.: nAI r - GUINEA ~.'\.,...5:\,. , -. \,..\s's!. \\ . t.": gs - ..T. , 1., , ... .. , ..,...i.,t• •N , ...\ e.24'1, , COSTUME.' r . ,5.,Z1.,,,,,,,..?..k‘k \,. N08LE,...,,,z,...k.,,,,,..........:„...5k ..1\ Supplic:: ir. tlw forowing iwo ': ) \i',A.. \\s tt .........\..,\...‘ • 1 , good it.ii:abie '.. balta.-I.—timi 1... A!. •,, - , .. , ‘,....•‘..'‘,N.N. kZ:"•.:,* ~,i,.: ..:•,'N tiOati. Czt V c3f S' Rai. weightY , -ifj;3o. '‘,..;,•;\ \ \:;.':3,, iiiiim: I.l.o,!gmiliebenndf.p.iitlear, ~,,,.-,,, ... \\ \ :,..„. 7.,.. , r,* k:'?,-...;..7N,-,,,:•N ,k,.;441,,..' /nil/ pATTr.R.,,s SENT POST fREE, , 'i,," I !**.:\ ‘,,,''.,,\,, \'.',;..•:', -3 sNs'N'''',,\\lii JP 1/..1.7i trlgi ell :•1.1s11:nlYVr4alie);;11178-t ,i,\. -:•''''' .:, • '•,-4', \ \ VN - :'.. 4 Nr,...:',..,„2',:‘,. ••,,,•'' 'hf Pi either Cioth (6 yds., 32 into ',17":',..." ... • ..... '. . : 4 • ,- -,-.,,, -iv wide) for 7/6. (..arriage Bd. 11,) X • \ , - • , •,. MODE!. 978 —A new desi%n with well , • . cut Ltoilicc,trimmed fancy raid and a . ...,....,....... .....,,,,....‘,...... Tailor d in the lat desig est I UI Urnn ode 1 n / 2Skirt, full wide ~ , s\'. ' `''',..-..NA 4. • -9Da an. Price , I complkt iee t Costmue 10;6. Carriage 6d. , The Sr alone for . 3,6 Carriage Sd. •,.. lk - A rrinpEL sp.—, , exceedingly well made and ',,lit 'qi-, ' ~, COIOURS OF ALL COSTUMES are A- Black, Navy, Brown, Ruby Myrtle. at- Mar, '.---- - 'testerfleld Coat and a full ''''''-,11':11111,11 " ',•-.1',.,, BOTOON Grey,mose,Fawn, Purple,andElectric. wid• 1 0/8 liaol.it iZleriagePrlcde co THE THREE STOCK SIZES are 34,i is ,f y. 1 --, it 38ins. round bust(up der arms); Skirts (or 3,6. Carriage 3d. astilzde 42nns. bloenvAnDfiolito , 0808814IN8 088E89 rxecnted and despatehed 1 ,I!'i i t I t , Any other oTtleT within 12 hours. LADIES OWN DESIGNS MADE •.1 71' .4 1 MOTHERS. MEASURE, VS EXTRA. vi UP by skilled Dressmakers i” any kind ofi ' ,:. ' T_.PE. JOHN NOBLE KNOCKABOUT fabric at moderate cost, 11,1HOBLELzs ''',•.. 11 FRAULS, An ideal School or Holiday . ;ISTEIED :'. garment for Gir15.21in.1,6,241n.2:-.27in. • 42216ini3°.317:,e3a/-A33. Cinar• .14/d6: eB6xj."Vf E4ll-1:K t11111:11E1 ti ' all kinds 0f,"4 _-.4-i,:`,.. ',,rit to select ___,t, _-,r... WOOL CAPSsuppbed in al shades at 1/- • each. Ladies' Tal Caps, well knitted at the same price 1/-.

,• • ~,, •-• Ac ~ A e • .4 F and _vis, =lll9 '• - The antiseptic, soothing, and healing properties of ANGIER'S PETROLEUM EMULSION especially adapt it to tile treatment of stomach and bowel disorders of a catarrhal, fermentative, ulcerative or tubercular nature. It arrests fermentation in the intestines, expels poisonous products from the bowels, and soothes the inflamed and diseased membrane, while at the same time it furnishes an easily assimilated food to the weakened system. Medical men prescribe it for chronic diarrhcea and dysentery, gastric and intestinal catarrh and ulcers, tubercular diarrhwa., tabes mesenterica, etc. Ai *1 • 4 'Et 4ezr., tAc),Ol. Petroleum •1_ • 7 is pleasant to take and agrees with the most delicate stomach. Of Chemists, c/9 and 46. CAUTION.—Ours is the orig,lnal Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a spec.ip I oil obtained from particular wells and carefully pnri ~ec.l by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. I3e sure to get AOTRTI'ti A PREZ! 92lre.r.PLE r.oTTLr.4A fur The Angier Cher:lca! C,),, Ltd., 32 S,:o4' Hil , London, E.C.

FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." IiCLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. • "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Wood from all impurities." This is a geod testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend It o our subscribers and the public zenerally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever rouse arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blom, Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are matv.hlous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheuma ;lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 25. 93, and lls, each of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamos by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND 31IDLA.N-0 COUNTIES DRUG' uOMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless imitations.

• e9O (2.76 44 49 4440 4% ,_,•5011) eq. 4ge AMONG THOUSANDS. v erg The interesting cases here men- _4ln tioned are a few among thousands W" 4 in which the usefulness of Dr. 4,45 Williams' Pink Pills has been made In° known to the public. They are ‘l4) famous among the highest and thil c? 3 m lowest in the and for the cure of CO Rheumatism, sciatica, Indigos- 1:43 Anzeni:a, PAldltation. and 41,0 • eneral Muscular Weakncss. n_ C:Y.I3 They are a splendid nerve and clo spinal te, and have cured • many c Ises of Parosis. !..eco- ro3tor Neuralgia, St. GO Vitus' Law:. and Nervous-.iaJ- ache. by all chemists, Cr GTO sent past frec by Dr. Wiliiams• tqa Medicine Company, 46, Holborn- • viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box. eyo or six for 13s. 9d.; butare genuine °To cgs only with full name (seven words), f>,i3

BLA .% / / //.X 0 /1 CS / .• /6 v , , 1 ,x• ,•/x c. 7) / 4 - NI fill , ~ - // , :, 7 ,•, 7 7 • v, , , , ~ x,'"A (Z) CD ' 'J. rz 0 .. • z

< 1/ SO r; /A go / lIofA •• •/1 /// / o / / ;

'4llllr IMITAIrsm A enable small diagra.a will /4sig ;/AgaroxicirM ''' tile Oar readers to azies7,4,, understand the notation by 161,4 0 V 511.44. 0 r.M. which the moves of the la ~, r ' ~, r alp/ im game are recorded Black ,/4, iv ~,,,,,/, a occupies the squares num- v itrAar me,- bered Ito 12 and white Mg those num‘xred 21 to P.. *,IIIV, ~,, , 70, /Aim Thu figures thus (11-15) AIM, 4 "" //ir'', '' 'Maid indicate that a move is ?IV; ~rtir//grifmrilivP: made from and to the iiiilWAlria/, AFEd'AriAhaer ia squares so numbered. Black Airlarair 28 has the opening move and ,A,: the pairs of figures apply GP, 30 #l3lralre alternately to Black said "A ' 4 00 1-4 White to the close,

THE USEFULNESS AND CURATIVE VIRTUES OF Dr. Wl!Hams' Pills for Pale People can be proved hi one day by making a few enquiries in your own 'neighbourhood. There is probably no place in this country which does not contain strong, healthy, active men and women who have been rescued from acute illness or chronic ill-health by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. You will never hear of any good being effected by a Substitute: but the great cures known to have been effected by the genuine pills—Dr. Williams' Pin& Pills for Pale Peopie—aere the talk of nearly every town.

Ea lit Ett. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. ad., 33. ed. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent 210. BUT PERMARKET-STREI3IT.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-t•TßEET.—Several Suites offices. 39, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d. per week, 25 CATHERINE STREET rent 4s, 3d. per week. REGENT-STREET off Sankey Street, • WAREHOUSE, ground floor, £l5. PENKETH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 31. CA THERINE-STREET. rent 4s. 3d. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE, rent 5s per week. 10, WELLINGTON-STREET. rent 58 per week. 11, GEE-STREET, rent 4s per week. 17, GEE-STREET. rent 5s per week, 2. SMITH-STREET, rent 3s per week. 10. NEW WELLPIELD-STREET, rent 5s 3d per week apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. rLET.— 61, PRrESTLEY-STREET,WARRINaTow,good corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. Lowz, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE rents 4s. Apply 1. WoosBON, solicitors, Horsemarket-at., _Warring- ton.

TO LET.—LARGE ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £2O I. Apply WOODS & Sow, Soliaitors, iloreemarket-street, Warrington.

riro LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, In Orforl-et., rent £l.3.—Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington. EiREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

SHOP AND HOUSE. 63, Bewsey-street, Warrington, bath, 6 rooms, suit, Milliner, Tobacconist, Barber.—Apply SKELLAND, next door. _

TO BB [M.—HOTEL, Temperance, established over 20 1 years, ingoing £725. Particulars Stamp.-52a, FRIAR- GATE, Preston.

btorko, 13u5tntmseff, at.

PLUMBER and Deoorator's BUSINESS. established 1862, valuation about MO.—For particulars apply AMMAN Ivy House, Birchington.

CIIIIP. Fish. and Sweet BUSINBSS for Disposal, doing ‘../ good trade; good reasons tor leaving; buyera can see bills.—For particulars apply 20, EICHLED-STREET, Burnley.

2230 BEER and WINE, another £ 220, two more £l5O and £155, pretty beerhouses £llO, £l2O £BO and others. Please call 483, LANCASTER AVENUE, Fen- nell-street, Manchester.

CONFECTION BRY.High-class BUSINESS to be dis- posed of as a going concern in ayising neighbourhoo I ; reason for leaving going South of England.—Address 115, LlNA.cec-RoAD. Litheriand, Liverpool.

Mantel. WANTED AGENTS immediately, Booksellers Ac; Splen- did commission, Is Novel.—Author, 116, BROMLEY- /WAD, Beckenham. v•,

WANTED. DAIRY of REFRIGERATED MILK; about 7 doz. daily.—Address Mr. GREEN, 10, Heath-street, Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

A PPRENTICB.—A respectable, well-educated YOUTH 41. required as Apprentice to the General Drapery Bust- ness.—W HODGICINSON, LTD., Bridge-street.

fIINDFRS to be Had FRIO, at THE " EXAMINER OFFICB," Warrington. 3d. Per Load Allowed for carting. Apply any day except Friday. WANTED. a dairy of new MILK, six to ten dozen daily; Exchange or Central. —Apply to Jomi KELSEY, Grove Dairy, Grove-street, Higher Broughton, Manchester. CONFECTIONERY.—PERSONB Wishims to Commence ' the above Business can have Lessons at their own places. For terms, address.—K2o, "Examiner Office." Warrington.

HOME SEWING ; plain, easy work; El weekly earned by persons anywhere; Patterns and Instruction Book, • six stamps. This is genuine.—J. D. WILLTAAEON, 84 Pearson-street, Btockton-on-Tees. ST. BARTHOLOMEW'S. BOLTON.—WANTED. Certifi- cated ASSISIANT-MISTRESS, for the upper, stan- dards; mixed department; salary £6O, paid manthly,— Apply INCUDIBENT or Head Master. A GENTS WANTED.—Smart energetic MEN for Warring- -CI ton and Disirict, for a speciality in great demand by shopkeepers and others; 25 per cent. commission.—Address AGENTS, 3,Albert-terrace, Howley. Warrington.

WANTED'. an APPRENTICE for the BREAD and CONFECTIONERY DEPARTMENT, also one for GROCERY DEPARTMENT.—AppIy W. PURNESS Co., Wholesale Grocers, Bakers and Confectioners, Haydock- street, Warrington.

LIANITARY INSPUCTOUSHIPS.—Oandidates thoroughly 1.) prepared by correspondence for the 1899 exam. at York, Liv:rpool, and Manchester by registered qualified teacher and inspector ; terms moderate.—Mr. PEERS. 14, Merfidale Crescent. Wolverhampton. late of London.

WANTED an UNDERLOOKER fix an anthracite colliery in South Wales, must be a thoroughly practical man, and well acquainted with Longwall and Pillar and stall methods of working. Apply stating age, references, salary. etc., to THE MANAGER, Ammanford Colliery Co., Limited, Ammanford, R. 5.0., South Wales.

EADE'S PILLS. ILLS. All who suffer from Gout or EADE'S Rheumatism s'aould immediately EAMES pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pILLS, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to ILLS. the wonderful power these Pills EADE'S have in giving relief in the yes v I:4I4DE'S plus. worst cases. These Pills are purely 1.4 vegetable and perfectly safe lo their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE SHE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT "16,Burton-cres:.ent Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. IHE UM A TISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with uni,ounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had I[_) HE UMAT IS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three lAJ months in bed with it. Of course I OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RUMAT ISM The next spring I had another LSJ attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUIdATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have the least G 0 U pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMA TI Sl5l directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GO OUT THEME IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM Z'hotallaruesequyiotue at 911bortiylikfhi sto amnadk GOUT shall be pleased tb answer any poor sufferer who cares to write MEUMATISId n.e (enclosing stamped address), ltP hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. 10. and 2s. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor• GEORGE BADE, 72, °ORWELL-ROAD. E.C. Ask f o and be sure you obtain EADICS GOUT AND ItHE U MATIC PILLS. E ADE S PILLS

JOHN W ALKEIt AND CO., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES IN fLNG FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS PRINTING FOR BANKS PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. OGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONE

G. H. & M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHVICH-STREET, WARRINGTON, mtvE A FEW SPECIAL .LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

-HANDSOME PARLOUR SUITE. Payments taken upholstered in Leather. Lady's Easy Chair, Gent's Easy Chair, four £6 108. Small and Couch. Really Cheap. fIAPITAL Pair of BEDROOM Payments taken kJ TABLES; large Bevelled Plate 26 108. Glass and Marble Slab.

ITANDSOME Pair of BRONZ E Payments taken 1 FIGURES. Splendid work- £2 manship and very cheap. S. 6D.

ALARG Stock of OVER- Payments taken LARGE Stock MANTELS ; Bevelled Plate 21 Glass, from S. AT 69, CHURCH-STREET. 4,ZIDEBOARD very rich, with Payments taken drawers and large Bevelled Glass Back. Good workmanship and E 7 15 very cheap. S.

A LARGE STOCK of Ki,tchen Payments taken 11. Tables from 83 6d; hritehen Chair from 2s lid; Bednom Chair from 2s lid ; Bedsteads from 17s 6d; Flock Bed, Bolster and Two Pillows from 10s 6d. •

x-rICH Assortment of Parlour Payments taken .11 and Kitchen HEART:MUGS 2 ll S. from 'VICE LOT of Blankets, Quilts Payments taken J 1 and Sheets. Very cheap. AT 59, CHURCII-STRBBT.

A LARGE STOCK of Men's. Payments taken 111, Youths' and Boys' New and Second-hand CLOTHING, very cheap. DOULTRY grit, shell or Tut, 5s cwt. 33., half cwt.; oar- riage paid.— POULTRY GRIT Co., Grimsby. OR SALE, a useful COB. 14 hands, rising seyen.—On L view, 92, WIiESTER ROAD, cff Smitßlown-road, Liver- pool. BOXES CHOICE CHRYSANTHEMUM BLOOMS, is. 6d. to 55.; splendid yaIue.—NEWBROOK, Chrysanthemum Specialist, Ileswall, Cheshire.

(Li BETS' BICYCLE, 1898. good condition, accessories. A. B. lit tyres ;£7 10s. or offer. Evening 6to B.—PowELL, 12, Dalton Terrace, Hulme, Manchester.

DILES. Hundreds successfully cured by BA.ELIB, the great physician's discovery. Worth £l. Post free is. Id. SPEDDING. Bone-setter, Batley. Yorks.

2OS. to 30e a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS uS. TER PATENT KNITTER; knits stockings, socks &c.—Write JAMES Forma. Maker, Friargate. Preston.

FISH —On receipt of 2s. 6d. will forward Bass of fluest selected FISH, carriage paid. Trade supplied. Fzice list free.—Addreos EDWARD LACY, Fish Docks,Cirimsby.

D RCMP% is. How to make the wildest horse follow you .1.1.) like a pet, when everybody else fails to manage him. —LEwis. Herbalist, Abergwynfi, R.S.O , 3. Wales.

BARGAIN. Gent's 18 carat cased handsome ...ale massive tandem curb sliding bar ALBERT, cost as. Md., sell 53. 3s.—CLIFFoRD, 125, Has,'land-road, Boscombe.

DIPB. Cigar Tube. Cigarette Tube anal Malacca Walking .1 Stick combined, all nicely mouated, carriage paid 25. GLOBE SUPPLY CO, 41, Freegrove-roivi, Hol!oway, London.

1 COPYRIGHT BONGS. including " Queen of the ILL/ Barth," 2s. 6d lot; 12 Piano Piece 3. including selec- tion, 28.6 d. lot.—WiLminsort,44l, Idanchester-road,Drsdford.

eIOAL WAGGONS (Railway), Several good Second-hand k.../ Waggons required, large or small ; doors bath sides. Price and particulars to Box, 160, " Examiner Office," Warrington.

PLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay :4_14 three or four profits? Only makers in Lancishire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—hatiTH 86 SONS, 37, Breck- road. Liyerp•ol.

BA.TH.—For dispo3,l lease of small Boarding If oust, good connection, beautifully situat-d ; assured and profit able opening tor person of small means ; referenc —iirt,t- Pni.E, 15, Alfred-street, Bath.

THE Anglo-American Surgical Rubber Cornr,any will for- ward on receipt of two stamps a PRICE LIST of RUBBER APPLIA...4OES.—Sunoicar. RUBBER Co., 117, Newport-street, Bolton. (A'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TAtiLES and Patent ki Cushions arc; tho best, and cheape,t .sables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.--J, O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WoRES, Bridge-street, Manchester.

LIONS U M PTION (incipiern,„ Bronchitis, Asthma speedily ki relieved and finally cured by Tere-Phos ; week's trial free. Send 6 stamps for catriage.— PP.OFESSOR WALSH, 45, Albert-street, Preston. X OUSTACHRS.—SpIendid Moustaches produced. The 11 I. only preparation absolutely guaranteed is RICHARD Cooß's Oleo-Pomade, Is. P.O. pot free ; hundreds of testimonials.-23, Tracey-street, Kennington, Loudon. END 2 STAMPS for our Illustrated Price List of RUBBER 0 SURGICAL APPLIANCES, best and cheapest in the trade; goods not approved of will be excbanged.—THE PHEONIX RUBBER CO., 12. Lever-street, Mar.ehester.

46pOW TO ENSUREIHEALTH."—A medical work giving JL Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

BEAU MONDE SALVE.—The most Wonderful remedy for Chapped an 1 rough or red hands, making them soft and white ; try it, you will be more than delighted, post free la.—BF...tit Mokips Co., 111, High-street, Harblrne. THE TRI,TH ABOUT STAMMERING.gI Anyone inter- ested will receive the lq?st information and important hooks on the cure on loan, post free, without charge, from ITHURTEL, Messrs. Deacon, 154, Leadenhall-street, London.

cl NEVER BEATEN 4s 9d Silver Nickel Keyless A D. Watch, Excellent Timekeeper, one year guaranteed, will be sent to any pia of the United Kingdom, P.O. only,—Max ENGLEMINN AND Co, 13, Foley-street, London, W. PlGARS.—Haring purchased a large stock of choice Foreign Cigars, we are offering same at very low prices. Sample six sent OR receipt of is. postal order. Agents wanted.—COLEßY AND Co., 87, Halley-road, Forest Giate, London.

A STROLOGY.—Future foretold, Marriage Partner des- -11. eribed, Childrem, Chang sin Circumstances, Journeys, Legacies. etc. Send birth-d.ite, 12 stamps and stamped envelope,—Mr. MELVILLE, 282, Buchanan-street, Glasgow. Imrneuiate replies.

910 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive IL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HosiciNG. 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

fIOITRE, enlargement of neck. Hundreds cured by my kfi local treatment. Generally one bottle will entirely cure. however bad. Send 53, iostal or 3s. half size bottle, to HoPE BRADLEY, 72, iNewton-roal, Sparbrook, Birming- ham —Also genuine medical pr2scriptions 2s. Give careful particulars. Write plain. 4 WATCHES Nickel Silver Keyless. Having s. 6D. Purchased a very large stock of these well made watches I am offering same at the above rediculous figure; also a special line of real silver Keyless 10s. 61. warranted 2 years. When this stack la cleared I shall not be able to repeat this offer. Watch dispatched immediately on. receipt of P.O.for amount. Money returned if not approved —WlLLtsms, 35, Angel-road, Hammersmith, London. BOOTS.—The best and most stylish Gent's Boot, I will send to any address for 7s. 6i. Kid leg, Leather BOOTS. lined, welt stitched, machine sewn. Sizes 6 to 10. Also smart Ladies' Boot, 7s. 6d. Sizes 2 to 7 If not approved, money returned. See testi- BOOTS. menials. WALKER INGHAM, Boot Manufacturer, 81, Asylum-street, Leicester.

fIYaLES I CYCLES ! CYCLE! Agents wanted, Bar .J gains. Bargains. Bargains for 1899, best value ever offered. Wonderfui Bargains. Write for large 1899 Libt, post free to any address. containing Wholesale Trade prices of 500 Machines, new and secor.d-hand. Agents wanted. Lowest price ever offered. Trade List and Wholesale Terms on receipt of Post Card. Agents wanted, splendid chance to secure high-class Machines at rock bottom pries. List of 500 Machines, post free. Wholesala Trade Ladies' Machines from £3 108., (lents from E 2 108.—WARHILow & Co., C 3 cle Manufacturers, llegent-street, Weston-super-Mare.

MATARtlotiLlo ofbethogo?r. Zpooplys, TWajleohuoeuzr, eennttrr:l Station, Warrington. .

BAGATBLLE, mahogany foidinz. Vt., all accessories, rubber cushions, 50s. ; peTfect.—KITTEBIDEIE, Linford- road, Walthamston.

AND COFFIN SINVION, Tea Pot.Cofteo Pot, sug.r and cream, Blectroplated, 1s 61; approvat.-31ai, 23, Lower Delgrave street, London, S.W.

MANDOLINIB. Italian rosewocd, magnificent instrument, cost 9'is. sacrifice 14s 6d; approval.—B., 13, Franche- cenrt•road, Lawer Tooting. London, S.W. XTBURALGIA AND TIC, Robson's Remedy will eas e that 11 pain immediately aria cure certainly ; ls 6d per case post free.—Robion, Chemist, Sundeciand.

FORTUNB in a fortnight canivA ba expectel but a 11. splenclid I,lCOrft, assur,l anywh3re. Arnples and particulars Ia.—BELLABY AND Balucia. Belper.

EUGS from Prize-brd Silver Wyandot%.B. 4s. sitting excellent winter layers ; unfertiles replaced —W.BLEY. Laburnum Cottages, Meole Brace, t•liewsbury Name paper.

HOW TO MAKII YOUR OWN INKS. —Will forward receipes to mike any aind or colout of writing Ink. Ink for marking metal tools, and Ink for marking packages, boxes, e'c. 6d.—READEIt. 10.6. Coton-rend, Nuneaton. A LL Lame p-ople should write for particulars of Pntent Anti•slipping Silent Pads for Crutches. V alking stieks, and wooden legs to WILLIA)I kf. GLOTER. 24, Brundrett's- road, Chorltoa-cum Hardy, Manchester. Inventor a user. Splendid testimonials fro.n all parts if the Kingdom, Men- tion paper.

I NSURANOBS effected (wlth every cocuptny ot repute) 1 against all ries s, including Lire. Fire and Crops, Accidents, Plate Glass, Vehicle and Drivers Accidents, Burglary. Employers Liability and Workmen's Compensa- tion, Fidelity and Mortgage guarantee, Publio House Licenses. Outside Weir and Twin Insurance. Before insur- ing write (stating the risk you will probably wish to ensure) for Prospectus and Advice (post free).— Rain AND DAEirs, Insunince Brokers aad Experts, 57 and 53, Caancery-lane, London, W.O.

I IGHEST grade gents' Pneumatic CYCLE. only used few times, perfect in every way, leading makers, must sell. s.crifice £5 155,. worth double ; anproYil ; references.—.. BLAKE, 18, Flodden-read, Camberwell, London, 8.11. SLADE'S CYCLE DEPOT FOR CHEAP AND GOOD CYCLES. AGENT FOR PHI3IIIEI3B, GLORIA'S AND TRENT CYCLE 3. HUMBERS : LADY'S OR GENTS £,O 10s, Od. The SLADE CYCLE, Lady's or Gegt's £3 10s. Od. Inspection invited. Price List Free. 2, COLQUITT-STREET. 1 Doou Flom AOLD-STRIIEr, LIVERPOOL. itiarbtHerp,

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Ilu!me. Manchester, have the Largest assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work prompay. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- catiou.—Telephone 229.

t...)AT16 NT OFF MANCHESTER, IE4TABLI9HED IN 1835. Kear GEORGE DAVIRei .f& SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practiGalknowledge of tho cotton, woollen, and iron manufr.cttires. —Self-help to the New PateLt Law,' price sd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price le. ElROlaili DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE AT J) through I TTS' S. LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, rough the Railway Arch). SPLENDID SELECTION, MARVELLOUS BAR FROM LADY CLAITERING'S GREhI CROFT HOUSE, HARROGAI—, &c., AT ABOUT HALF USUAL PRICES.

DITTS'S as is sa ell known possess except!onal facilities for 1 acquiring HIGHEST CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNI- TURE, PIANOS, &c., but this time they have excelled even themselves, having optained some REALLY REMARKABLE BARGAINS from the residence of the late LADY CLA.VER- ING, GREENCROFI: HOUSE, [HARROGATE. and other large mansions, too numerous to mention. Space forbids description. Inspection earnestly invited. 11 • ',•ITTS'S SAMPLE BARGAINS.—DINING-ROO SUITE, handsomest in Manchester, upholstered throughout with curled hair, guaranteed small chairs, padded backs ; magnificent sideboards, fitted; with bevelled mirrors through- out, brackets, shelves, cu; boards, cellarettes, &c. ; extend- ing dining-table, with patent screw ; overmantel, carpet, brass fender and brasses. Originally cost £l3O ; Pitts's price, 62 guineas.—ELEGANT DRAWING-ROOM SUITS, Chlit- pendale sty'e, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid with msrqueterie work, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed). and covered in rich Genoa velvet ; magnificent cabinet and overmantel, occasional wine and card tables all inlaid to match ; rich pile carpet, costly rug, brass fender and brasses, clock, aud ornaments, Cost £175 ; Pitts's price, 69 guineas.—RECHERCHE BEDROOM SUITE, solid throughout,consists of a very large wardrobe with bevelled mirror doors, drawers, cupboards, &c. ; pair of large toilet tables, fitted with every convenience: pedestal towel rail and chairs complete ; a superb suite. Originally cost £B5 ; Pitts's price, 35 guineas.—MASSlVE SOLID BRASS PARISIAN BEDSTEAD, grand design, well executed; an ornament to any ,mansion. Original cost : £2O ; Pitts's price 14 guineas. Any article sold separate.

10IPIT TS'S SAMPLE BARGAINS.—ENTIRE CONTENTS 1. OF SEVEN-ROOMED HOUSBI, originally cost £lBO for 75 guineas. The dining room is in morocco leather the drawing room is in rcsewood, a spare room upstairs fit- ted as a smokeroom is in saddlebags. Furniture complete for kitchen, hall, stairs, landing, cellars, &c. The first bed- room is in American walnut including wardrobe. dressing table, washstand, chairs, Re„ bed,teads, box:Wing, carpets, rug, and toilet service. The second bedroom is In ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargaqi ever offered. Well worth coming miles to Oecure. pm's SAMPLE HOUSE OF FURNI PURE for 15k guineas, well worth £35 LIVING ROOM contains strong Sofa or Couch, in American Leather, Set of Chairs, Serviceable Dresser. Rocking and Arm Chairs, Square or Full-leaf Table, Fenders, Fire-irons, Floorcloth, and Rug, Ringer,Dolly and Tub, Three Pans and Kettle. BEDROOM has pair of nicely-poli.hecl or enamelled Toilets, both fully enclosed with drawers, large Swing Glass attached. Tile Back. &e. ; two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail, Towel Set Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress. Wool Overlay, Bolster, and Two Pillows, Carpet or Floorcloth. STAIRS AND LAND- ING fitted with Carpet, Floiroloth, Stair Hooks and Byes, Braes Door Plate, Ceco. and Door Mats, Everything full- sized and substantial. Invariably gives satisfaction.

JITTs'S OTHER. HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 221 .1 28/, 361, 50, 100, 203, up to 1000 guineas each, honestly worth double the price asked. Cash prices only quoted, de- ferred payments suiting convenience arranged.

PITTS'S.-OFFIOE and LIBRARY FURNITURB.— Desks. 'fables, Chairs, Stools, Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses, Safes, Stands, at about half City prices.

1111ITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE 1 is proving a Boon and Blessing to Budding Benediets, with their Blushing Brides, enabling them to see at a glance how to furnish in an utistle and durable style for about HALF USUAL EXPENDITURE. Sent post free.

SAMUEL PITT, Established 1845 LONDON-ROAD (close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just though South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vise cars pass the door

• TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE ry, £-1 ItIWNED FOR I OW LE'S IjIILORODYNE uOUGHS, r ITh INFLUENZA, 10 W LE'S tjALORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CoNSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, r ir (-1 SPASMS. &C. OW LE'S kjIILORODME 130. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE MANC.KESTEE.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGTITERISR, ALLEN-STRBE T WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, /to. ren,oyed any distance up to 15 miles- on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. bLAUGHTER YAnD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. -- PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough StandArd." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and inure costly packets."-- Newcastle Chronicle." " The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun z g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGFTABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain lug Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds. Bulbs. Roses, Hardy Plants, kc., with decriptions and cultural directions, and SGC Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS MACHINES, £8 lss, TO £lO 10S. NEW ROWE GENTS' CYCLES £1.2 lOs NEW 110 WE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 Os EXCELSIOR lADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os PREMIER GENT& CYCLES £1.4 OS PREMIER LADIES CYCLES -£1.4 Os. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £1.6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLI3 FACTOR, 51, 531 551 .13tuDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON GENERAL TRADE & INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, APRIL IST TO 29rii, 1599. IMPORTANT NOTICE TO INTENDING EXHIBITORS. Only a few Spaces now vacant, for which early applica. thin is necessary. W. J. HOOFER, Manager. Parr Hall, Warrington.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l.) lic generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 765 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS,IPILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHINQ of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN 'WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

OUR CHAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. • OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BR BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 695 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP, :.ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-5 WOOL BEDS, 10/9 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES, 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 28. 6n. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GWARANTitED SWEET, CLEAN. AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG 3 DSTEADS, 13s. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 9s. 9D. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address :- LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUF&CTUREE. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &a., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 675 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toi'et Services. Old Silver, Ele3tro Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables, Sm., Ac, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions sty this Establishment is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HALtROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINET IES HARROP'S FOrt BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR, BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOIL BASS INETTES HARROP'S FOIL BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTE CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOL..

SALE! OALE ! ! SALE !! ! BY AUCTION OF GENERAL DRAPERY, FARMERS' STORES, QUEEN-STREET, WAR/LING-TON, EVERY MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND SATURDAY. Commencing SATURDAY, JANUARY Mrs at 2-30 and 6-30 p.m. E. WALLER.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, ViTARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to lais Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCOCK at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, &c., where he hopes, by being more cer.trally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. NB —A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances • also a. Choice Selection of wall papers and deaoralions will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

BENSON 'S, DRESS AND DRAPERY SALES. 11, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

(19 Q TAM OHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepOts and Show-rooms 355 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL, Telephone No. 7C90. W. ROUND SAUNDERSON. District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington r Mr. STANWAY, 37, Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

NOTTINGEAM—UCE CURTAINS. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL by AUCTION on THURSDAY and FRIDAY, EBRUAhY 23rd and 24th, at the Mart, 37, Corporation-street, Manchester, at 11 o'clock each day, a Manufacturer's Stc2k or NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. Catalogues ready. View mornings of Sale.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK•STREET. WARRINGTON. • Telephone No. E 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con. stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

DR. BCOTT':3 PILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR scoTrs ILLS Cure S. Headaches and Nervous Depress on; DR. scow- PILLS Ind estion and Restore the Appetite: DR. SCOTT S PILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System 4 DR. SCOTT'S pILLS 7 he Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifiett DR. COTT'S pus .! Ca be Laken at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. I- AMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy' any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right - thing, which is wrapped al a square green package

Eby "Gyarniner " Otries OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Corn prises rrilE Wirrin,gton and 2di .-Clieshire Examiner, pub..- lished every Saturday mcrning. rrilE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. rrHE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri.. day morning, and rirllE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... ls. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. ICd. 3s. Od. 38 is. o€t. ... 2s. fid. 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. 04. 64 is. 6d. 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise- ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

1 WO UIL.E3 YOU HAVE _. ISOFT VELVETY SKIN? .1' 4619 . II , IP - 1,46..%1 f I Then use • . 144 -k ~ ~ . . • - ,Li,--..-: •t.. - • . ,•-iT • .., 10 , ;,• • . .. , , ••?' I ';" -, .:•!'i ,-- : . , otec'''' , , .: 1.,,-,c. ~," • , ~,,,,, o• • • entirely ly i ,a :I:- - .5.,-- remove all .' I 0-" ;i-•- - ROUGHNESS,CHAPS,'. TAN 4., , , IRRITATION, etc., ... ,p ' • , in a very short time. , I Bottles M.BEETHAM 8:. SON. ....16das•tand 25.6. CHELTENHAIi_7..,

- --- - I_= T. -- - ,-2'-- -=--'' -' -- ' \-7.--= .1' -• 17' i • , s :17 i - - - - • ~. ' .. -,------ ~,, .-.. _ -_-,. I ="4'..., =.• ~..: E":--T.:1"7 "Vl''''l•-•'. ''-'="- Sa' ' ,''''t, , , .', 4.• • - ____ , 4t, 77=7: = ~ lor _-_, ~. ~ ".• _________;_=,, "---L.— - i - ,_-,-- •n• • _.:,:: - .t.... _.---.1 , ~.-1 ..... ;),--,-.. ;4••••• -_-_-. 1_,...-7._ • , A.,„4. -_--:•• ta _,... _, _.=__ __ _ , - ______ 4 ~,, .:17_. . .7 - • ' E 7 ,a,t. '.;:•: ),' -=--7.- ___ _,..., t .__---, , --r" ' -----r— ----' '• • = .<, , , ---==*-- •;‘,. .'- .---------7- -_-_--,---7---___ . '.. ....--...---. '4=-7.. ' ' --,---W ' --=_. t. 4-,., ',, .', 7-7; ',' , -7-"' 7- , -"7-: 'a 7'.• 04 - ' ! ''' '= - „=-_, -----:- 7 7-- PA, , ,•,-he , ....6: r._.-_- •,,---: Itta. 77_ .4-__ ~....);:i.:i' -------', =, 1 ---=---_---=-,:-=-- ;.f.::"..-, ' -i.--,• , -.2 ". = - --- " '---=.-- - ......_ DELicioUS . WHOI,ESOn. REPRESEIING.

-------- - - , • -; - • , ,;•Se t- - - • 7;40,0., - - DELICIOUS JELLIES. Don't buy a jelly simply because it is cheap. Don't buy it because your children like sweet things. Don't buy it because your neign boar does. If you wan-,a jelly because it is whole- some. nourishing, aod digestible, then buy Cnivers' Gold Melal Jellies. You want a delicious and delicate flavour ?• Very well, then, buy ()divers' Jellies, because they are flavoured with ripe fruit juices, prepared from fresh fruit. • FIELD AND FACTORY. The Twenty-fifth Anniversary. COMMENTS OF THE PRESS. A large company of gentlemen joerueyel frem Liverpool-et. to Cambridge 12 July last, as the guests of Meesrss. S. Chivers and Sons, of Jam and Jelly tame, who invited them to visit their fields and factory in commemoration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the celebratsd firm. Fine weather favoured the trip and the outing will be memorable am mg j nernalistic jeurneyings—and junketings. STRAWBERRIES AD LIB. A little while and the guests were let hese int, a strawberry field, with injunctions to pick and choose, till the field suggested the ravages of loenste. Wnen the surfeited raiders t ire themselves ruefully away finger-tips were pink with juicy fruit, like the bands of workers in Turkey-red. LUNCH AND SENTIMENT. In a new wing of the f 'dory lunch was served, and continued success pledged unreservedly to the firm of Chivers. Time senbr partner, in a few ulosteutatious sentiments, nerrated the history of the firm's ptenomenal prosperity as makers of preserve for the million. From the smallest beginning the firm had come to employ 800 hands. Other speakers testified in glowing terms ti the boon conferral upon the district by the great jam factory, which had praetically built up one of the happiest villages in Merry England. A glance at Hieten provel the truth of this. INSIDE THE FACTORY. Those of us who hitherto felt squeamieh abeut factory-made preeerves wil have no such scruples in future. Everything inside the factory was scrupulously neat and cle in—and this verdict includes the pretty girls. The wood tables were scrubbed to spotless whiteness., and the airiness and sweetness of the place were remarkable. A miniature railway system ant aqueous canals facilitated the moving about of the trucks of jams and jellies. It was a triumph in ingenuity and sanitation.—The "Sun," 13th July, 18S8. THE CHRISTIAN WORLD. " The factory, which we inspeccel at a comfortable interval alter luncheon, cannot be adequately, descritpd except by an expert. But an unskilled observer could not help noticing the brightness, clean- ness, and airiness of the buildings, and the heelrhy and content6d leek of the workers." THE RURAL WORLD. "We saw at Histon a first-class factory, fitted up with all modern requirements for turning out a first-class article. The employees, the machinery, and the utensils were the pink of cleanliness. In the factory everybody was clean and bu3y ; whilst in the strawberry fields were hundreds of busy workers from the villages around, which alone gives a good idea of the activity prevailing at this highly impor- tant country centre," FARM FIELD AND FIRESIDE. " It must be said that the materials employed were of firet-elass and exceptional quality; the straw- berries. for Instance, being the principal crop at the moment under treatment, being really equal to dessert fguit. Cleanliness was a striking feature. The girls and women, too, in the factory were tidy and clean, and with the airy and sweet surroundings which modern and large buildines provide, there was everything to induce confidence in tee exeellence of the Jams and Jellies turned out from here," EAST ANGLIAN DAILY TIMES. "What impressed visitors most were the scrupulous and even delicate ckaoliness of every operation, the great pains taken to ensure absolute purity in and Jellies, and the amicable relations that evidently exist between employers and ea:in:cued."

-._.4._:________ 44,-.._,_ 44 _______ ___:„., =l4, :2-:_.= ,i..,*,..„0„...,.-0-,;-_-_- ,-,..,-;.,,,—__ ph,g.4„.t...4 , ~ ~.„,,,•., ..=:-___—_,,_,„„=.l —_f_=-_:___==__; Lr---_,. -,- - "Nf -= ?;."gs,..,Mtf. = `:%,..: -=-- ia,i, f. 6, :14 •.• , j_-_—,-...1-------=-7- -=_=-__, FLAVORED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. t,... --- - -- - - -----; -----------if=--T----pr,_-__-----_---- ... ~ --- „A--------_____ --:-:: ::_±., , - - k..,4 = ~ • re, , . .77....=_:, , 4). ',4...,0 .___ _ - - ,-, ,_--_-_- ~ = as f -- • - =-- --= , ------- -,4 = (*.F. _--- ,k',...4.04,-; -_,_ „--_--, ,:4 _._ - ... ,___ _= ... ____ _ ..,„, ~„, ____, ~, _ll___ -___- -- '2 - _,:, - - 11) -1- ---=. -, = ....4. r=- a•ti • . --I= ••' t - :.= ==------ -.7--__-- Ni 4•• ".4' 4 -,..=-=-- s-,.., - wri', , .., .1171, .., r _l7. . --__-_=----=.17--% -177---- ..,----=-1-_,_ — -=---- F. - - --- •:--- - —_-_ —— A FREE SAMPLE WILL be SENT on RECEIPT of a LETTER or POSTCARD, addressed S. CHIVERS & SONE' F:-.17,-TIT FARM JAM FACTORY, HISTONI CAMBRIDGE. Please Mention THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER.

ILWA-Ni- TIME T_A,BLE FEBRUARY WARIaNGTOII Acton Bridge-1 10, 740 8 23, 10 20, 11 35, 1 25, 2 55. 5 35. I 20, Sundays 10 15 ‘a.m. Allsar and Hillhouse- 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19. Sundays 936 2 5,8 55. a Stops if regi, Birmingham (L & .) a 2 58. b 3 23, 7 10,10 20, 120, 1 25 26, 5 20, 7 20. Sunday f 2 58, 10 15, aMoudays excepted. 6 Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 13, 5 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m „Blackburn -529, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 53, 1 55, 4 50, 6 28, °9O Sundays 8 43, 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 23,8 50,9 43. Sundays 8 43. 60. solton--5 45,8 25,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14,a4 23,a6 43, a 7 17, '2920, Sundays 843 a.m.,b 15.7 57, p.m.a Saturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37 am, 5 29,5 43.11 50. 14 2s, 1 05, 6 23. Sun- claYs 2 37, 375 Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 4 22,511,6 4, 7 44, 10 14, 1132. BunsaysB 44,7 45.11 32. Collins Green-7 5. 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12?, 1 55,3 40, 5 20, 8 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a 2 58, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 5 20, 6 22,7 21,11 34. Sundays 2 53,10 154 5,11 35. zMondays exceAted. sMondayB 0517. Daresbury- 7 37, 9 5, 13 25, 220. 3 15, 5 11,6 4, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (M3diand)-6 1 i 43, 9 53, 11 55.1220, 12 65. 4 11 0, 6 J 5, 11 52. SandaVi 515 p.m. Rarlesloyall-7 5,8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 13,11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 1 M, ▪ 40.5 20,6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, o 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 8 .520,5 17, 80-, 943. :I,ild LYS .3 48, 40. 80. Olorodsharri -7 3t, 95 1.,) 43. 12 23. a ;0. 5 15. 4 za, 5 11. 6 ,10 14. Sundays 44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31, 95. 12 0 41,3,, 215, 40. 70, 50. b) 40, dlO 25, 11 33 Sundays 9 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 )0, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 3aturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 5 29, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, a 50. Sun- Y's 2 37, a.m. Uolborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 55,3 50, 5 23, 7 17 41' Sundays 8 43.6 0. 0. 60, Green-7 12., 7 57, 831, 95, a 9 33, 12 0, 1 8, 215 70, 80. b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, II 25, 39. 918. aSaturdays only sSaturclays excepted. Irlain and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 62, 1 15, 915 undays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18, 9 35. Latcuford-From Arpley 51ation-6 20, 7 22. 8 0.8 35, 9 0, *5l 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 222. 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 613, 78. e 7 45, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, 532. 75, 8 10, 835 ? 25, 11 0, 12 7, 1225, 1 15, 520, 78, 740. 1030. Sundays •;. 5. 6 10. 5 30, 8 35, 843, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High -Level Platform. aMonclays excepted. , Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 33, 315, 10 9 63, 1 55, 3 20,5 20, 6 17,8 0, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 120, 13, 1 8.2 15, 40. 6 13. 7J.6 0. 59 4J 10 23 10 46. 11 33 6Undays 9 j,9 55.1125, 239, 7 10, 9 18. 10 18,10 33, bexcepi, Baturdays. Lonston L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0, 2 5, 6 20, 622, 11 34. undays '255, 10 t 5, 45, 11 35,540n3ays excepted. aN.londays only. Loudon (Midland)-5 1, 846, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52, Sundays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymrn-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 114. a 2 22 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a? 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 12. aSatutdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 22), 7 55, 8 30, 8 57.9 55, 10 46, 11. 3 35, 49. 6 10, 7 5, 9 25,11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, Q.F.:Jrn High Level Platform. 7 manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 2) 6!2. 90, 9 58. 10 49, 1 14. 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 7 8, 9 27, days 8 SJ, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. 10"Lanchester(Clieshiie Lines)-7 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 9C, 9 55 7 frs's).ll 23,11 53, 1255, 133, 255, 355. 405. 555. 655 30' 55, 8 13, 855. 9 15, 955, Sundays 6 56, 9 37,10 14 hia 15,5 15, 118, 9 35. 10 0. ht,L4lewicia-7 40, 10 2.). 2 555, 5 355,7 20.53aturdays only a.t2."ure-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 1 8 faewtsll-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 8 10 tii'0'„1.925,10 20,10 40,10 65,11 0,12 14.12 25,1 15.1 55,3 30 43. 21,5 20, 6 53/ 17,9 20, 9 50, 10 30. Sundays 3 10. 740 days' a,111., 3 35, 50,30, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cMon 3 56"`48ate-7 0, 7 55,3 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20.1 44. 2 40 .5e3,7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 856, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 4 50-e2Bteh-2 37. 529, 5 45, 8 35. 955. 1150, 12 25, 350 6 5 Z,'„,28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, " 9*. aSaturdays only huucorn-7 38.8 25,9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 0. tuakey (for Peulaetlo-7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 120, ;I 8, 5. 255, 40,5 29. 60. 70.80, 92, a 3 40, 510 25. 10 46, .65aturd;;41days 90, 11 25. 2 39, 8 55, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. ays only. aiondays only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 12 5, 155, 355. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, Staielens-5 32 'is, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0, 127, 1225, , S 4 40.5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 8 35,8 43.6 0. 9 64 (Cheshire Lines)-7 IC, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 1 14 4 19,outhport onl 4 0y ,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 35, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur 1:16378 . Thelwall-6 20. 7 22.8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22, 11, 5 16, 613. ?8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 155, 115. 120, 18, ▪ 15, 2 58. 40, 5 29, b 0,70, 80, 9 25, as 411, 510 25. Sun- IltY's 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, a3aturday except(sa. sSaturdays 04. , Widnes ( L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 1153, 1 55, '2O, 5 '20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. , Wigan-2 37, 5 29.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 55 3, 3 56, 4 50, 5 20. 6 25, 7 17,8 50.9 40,9 55. Sunday, 237 43. 3 35. 60. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM uutcatoftyn.aß7rbidsg. e-6 30, 7 45. 11 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, 120, 830 4 42. Aitcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays *20,2 21, 8 22. _ Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 5 50,9 10, 12 25, 2 0 7 25. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birminghah (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 60, 11 48, 1 25, 2 45, 545 6 50, 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. Mix- "ea Mondays. /3• lackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 3 47, 5 27,7 50. Sundays, 80, 475 5 40, 8 10. lackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 11 40, 19. 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,100, Sundays 7 25. 1 35, 5 12, 735, 1,4„,.18.ckp00l (Central) -65, 7 25,7 55, 8 25, 8 55, lu 10,10 20 14,49, 5.2 5,2 55,4 10,4 58, 55, 6 50. 815. 108 Sundays 7 10, 49, 4 57,8 4J. 2 Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40. 10 30. 12 30, 2 15,4 15, 510 25, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 29 a.m., 6 5, 9 25 p.m.a3atur- -413's only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 7 30, 4411 days 125 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 2 oheater-2 32a.7 40,8 45, 9 40, 10 12,10 50,11 40. 1 50, 2 10, 5. a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635.7 35, 8 10. Sundays 2 32, 4 35, V. 6 55, aklondays excepted. 34° fins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24, 11 21, 14, 1 43, 22, .41 6,5 3E. 6 23,7 47, 96. 10 46. Sundays 8 10. a.m icrewe- 2 .1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, Z 25. 2135. `,O. 545 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 2 45 4,9.9 20, 2 I, 4 55. ,"aresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 4112. a.m. 7 45 p.m. b ethY-7 10, .6 15, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 . al2 Sb 3 35. Sundays 7 30. 6 18, 6 55, 0 35. alixcept 444°11dava, 7 pprgstown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 16, 3 11. 5 52. 5 38, 6 30. 6 rB3 915, 1152. Sundays 833, 952, 100, 7 18. ddler's Ferry ,14 Penketh-7 12, 95,9 45, 12 24, 29. 327, 2.6 54, 9 I-4. Sundays 8 257, 82. B„,Ledshara-7 55, 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 -44(157s 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. '24ant.51:1 (Cheshirt, Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 40. 12 56, '2ll. 3D. 4 56. 59. 5 56, 657, 124 9 31) 4,25,1°3's 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 854. `"asgov.-a9 5, 10 10, 2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 s,aMondays '''etl3led. lioloorne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28,2 41, 4 41, 5 33,7 15, 99, t' Sundays 9 40, 75. 4 ,kough Green-? 45, 815, 99,10 3, 10 55, 19, 150, 2 2 `d, 52, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 18. Buncia.ysB 37, 9 20, 3 262 95.9 4 9 10. troun arid Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, .8 50, 11 20 clays 10 59. 6 53, s 40. 10 O. ▪ Latchfora-8 14. 8 40. 9 34, 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 0.4 22, 5341, 6 7, 649, 7 49, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 as, 7 25. aSaturdays only. blis.turdays excepted. L• 4verpool(via Larlestown)-1 0 a 2 55,6 0,7 50.8 0,9 25,11 5, t. 5. 1 30, 20, 4 25. 4 50-35.? 5,8 25,10 6,11 15,. Sundays 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40 alondays only. 6 Via W utues 625, 820, 9 5, 9 50, 1230, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 4al 2°. 6S. 800. 1045, Sundays 735. 2 10, 7 15, 1045. (Alidland 15, 13 5,120, 20, 40, 5 a 9 15, • suu ays 120, 315. aexcept Mondays. 4 iira,.9`ll-8 7. 3 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, a 137, 25, 253. 7 12: "° 33, 5 -9, 641, 741, 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, , asaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 57,hl1chester (L & 3,3,7 23. 7 55, 9 28, 10 38, 12 38. b., 3 43,a5 8. 5 23, 68, 7 10, 9U. Sundays, 7 34, 1 44, 6 .34 y a excepted. From Oxford Road. ~e„nchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50, 9. 25, 10 35 12 3 tao 7. 55 5, 5 20, 65, 75, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays' 7 30, ?„2" '4u, b,atuLdays excepted. aSaturdays only. sZeuchester (Lheshirt Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, b"4115 30, 10 25, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30,4 48 "8,35, 6 38,7 33, 8 30,8 33, 9 55, 13 0, alo 30, 11 0. Sun- -▪ f• ,' 6 30, 9 15,9 30, Al 40,1 40, 25, 6 35,8 20, 9 40, aSatur- J05.0u1, • ich-6 48, 2 42, 6 6. 19° re-6 56,9 6, 11 14,12 11,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 2 41r ton 6 55. 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, LI 2, 1131, 1 45' 21,0. 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 5,9 15, 9 55. Saturdays qu 2" 6, 37, 47, 4bB, 5 10, 5 35. Sundays 8 3,9 49, 101, 20. 11 5. -(i.gate 7 8.7 48' 826, 9 0,10 6 1 9, 210,3 12a,5 184 7 3,9 25. „437' 53, 11 20, '232.9 12, 10 13. 30, '3'2't° 29,4 5, b 50,a6 25, 8 15, 95 9 26, 10 10,11 28, 12 15, 46, 29.,0, 4 25, 6 4J, 6 45, 7 27, 8 30, 9 45, 11 0. Sundays 29, 1( "5, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 35. a Xlondays excepted. 6 3r, 641'?. ,n 8 33, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440 541. - 10. ank 2 4u. ,eY-6 53, 7 56, 831 9 25, 10 23, 11 24,12 35, 1 36, 136 40, " '4, 4 .35, 5 2i, 5 40,6 22, 7 25,9 34. suadays, 8 49, 1 50 92s_ eLj.5 25, 115. 1 15, 5 5, 70, Sundays. 8 10, 6 5. Bu42"elens-5 30, 8 42, il 2- 1 25, 2 45, 430, 5 50, 82), x. "7 7 45, 25, 7 23, • 9 4 ,IPert.-8 5, 19 tU, 11 15,12 53. 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 810 • sun,hys. 9 20,8 0. 9 18"elwall- IS 15,236, 933. 918, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 55. 720,, 37, 63, 645, 7 45. 93?, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, '229 W 1 25 id, ,)",(Clicshire Lines)-8 23, 9 15, 10 10, 1112. 12 25, (lays 30, 325 4 25. 5 29, 6 12, 718, 7 53, 92 11 42, a Stin- e 42 333 0 910 923, a Saturdays carlY 1 44 LINsHED COMPOUND" Trade Mars of Compound liss het. 01 Lansfed, for Coughs and Colds--Advt.

POSTAL I. FORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be pot ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an; Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsharn, Hetsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools tom 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, amd the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, I3irkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-33 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Wales. South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Norihumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Eastern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, B t.th, Bristo Exeter. Gloucester, Ply nouth, Yorkstaird, Manua este S-East Lancashire. and Seotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,g n Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhi Nant wich and Saul bach 2-45 p.m. —Frodsham. Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 pan.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle ot Man, and Scotland 10-30 io.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Haltpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign .uetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m;delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. , HEAD OFFICE ... ••• High-st., Newton PosTmAsTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The Telerrraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 P.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

- , RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXFS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

CONSUMPTI*N I have a certain remedy for the above disease. Testimonials show that by its use many cases of long standing have been cured. Indeed, so strong is my faith in its efficacy, that I will send to ANY SUFFERER TWO) 161,CDTT MA ES together with a new and valuable treatise on this disease. WILL YOU TRY IT? T. A. SLOCUM, 28, EN'OSLEIGIT GARDENS, LONDON, N.W.

WARRINGrTON FOOTBALL CLUB --- FIXFURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. FOR AGIST Sept. —Swirrton, h 3 3 10—Oldham, h 0 9 17—St. Helens. h 24—Widnes, a . 0 9 • Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe, h 15—Barrow, h 22—Rochdale H a 3 2 29—Tyldesley 4-1 Nov. s—Millorn, a 12—Broughton R. n 3 8 19-01dharn. a 0 35 26—Morecambe a 7 2 Dec. 3—B4rrow, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, h 8 - 6 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 27—Hull, a 31—Swinton. a 0 10 Jan. 2—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. h 3 5 ' 21 —Tyldesley, a 28—Stockport, a .. Feb. 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford, h 18—St. Helens, a.. 25—Broughton li., Mar. 4—Rochdale tf., n 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie h Apr. I—Cup Tie 3 —Runcoru, a B—Hull K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB FIXTURES AND RESULTS. earn's. PMS AUST. Sept. 3 —Wigan. a 4 3 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham, a Oct. I—Leigh. Is B—Witines, a 15—Cheshire v Lancashire, 5 4 22—Tyl tesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, Nov. s—Morecambe, h 12—Salford, a 19—c heshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton It., Is Dee. 3—Brarifort, a 10—swinton. h 17—Rochdale H., h 8 3 24—Broughton R., a 26—Warrington, a 31—Ty1de,ley. h Jan. 2—St, Helens, a 0 0 7—Swinton, a 0 7 14 —Wigan, h 25......a 21—Stockport, h . , l3 0 28—Lelgh. a Feb. 4—St. Hele as, Is do 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widnes, Is 25—Rochdale H., a Mar. 4 —Oldham, Is 11—Stockport, a Apr. 3—Warrington, h WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. FOR !LOST Sept. 3—St. Helens, Is ao—Wigan, a lO 2 17—Morecambe, a 24 - Warrington, Is 9 0 Oct. I—T vldesley, a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh h 29—Rochdale H., a 9 6 Nov. s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, 12—Swinton, a 3 3 19—Salford, Is 6—St. Helens, a 0 0 Dec. 3—Lancat ter, Is 7 0 10—Oldham, a 0 14 17—Motecambe, Is lO 2 24—Rochdale H., h 31—Leigh, a Jan. ?.—Stockport, a 14—Stockport, Is 26 10 21—Salford, a 28—Broughton N., a abandoned Feb. 4—Tvldesley, Is do 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 25 —Oldham. Is Mar. 4—Broughton R., Is •• • 11—Warrington, a Apr. 3-Swinton, Is ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS. POINTS. FOR .4.08 T Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3—Widnes, a . . 0 6 10—Broughton R., Is 3 13 17—Warrimeton, a 24—Morecambe, a Oot. I—Oldham, h l5 9 B—Rochdale H., h 22 3 15—Lancaster, 22—Swinton, a 29—Wigan, a.. ••• • Nov. s—Leigh, h...•••••• 0 8 12—Wigan, h •••••• lO 7 19—Leigh, a 26—Widnes, h Dee. 3—Birkenhead W., Is 10—Hull a 0 l9 17—Broughton Rangers. a 24 —Salford, a 26—Tyldesley. h 9 5 Jan. 2—ltuneorn. Is 0 0 7—Salford, k 14—Swinton, Is 6 5 21—Birkenhead W., a 28—Oldham, a 0 16 Feb. 4—Runcorn, a abandoned 11—Tyldesley, a 18—Warrington, h 6 3 25 Mar. 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale li, a 31—Stockport. is Apr. 3—Lan aster, Is B—Morecambe, Is TO-DAY'S MATCHES, St. Helens v Warrington Ittincorn v Widnes Swinton v Stockport Oldham v Salford Leigh v Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rsngers v Tyldesley Wigan v Morecambe STOCKTON HEAT if PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. --- A meeting of this commietee was held at St. Thomas schools oa Thursday last week. Present:-Mr. W.Davea- port (chairman) and Messrs. Mason, Pearson, Clarke, Pemberton, Mclntyre, Mr G. F. Ashton representing Mr. John Ashton (clerk to the Rural District Council), Mr. Fazringt,in (inspector) and Mr Swinton (surveyor). THE QUESTION OF PAYMENT FOR FIRE HYDRANTS. roe Clerk sad he had been asked to reier to the War- rington Corpmation Waterworks Act to see if there was anythiog by which the Corp u•ation could be compelled to put in fire hydrants tree uf cearee and he could find nothing whatever. Mr. Pemberton said he thought the Cor- poration were not entitled to charge for them. They could not charge ior the mains they laid down for the Wlnwick Asylum. He would see the Town Clerk if someone else would go with hira.-Mr. Mason raid he thought it was a question of getting legal advice; as re.inre the fown Clerk would not be of the slightest use,—Mr. Pearson said he did not think it was a question of convincing Mr. Whittle, it was a question of whether tie Cerporaii m c.uld or could not charge. - Mr. Pemberzon said in his opinion he did not think the Corporation could ch tree for Clarke seconded the motiou that the bill be passed for payment, and it was carried. UNPAVED STREETS. Mr. Pearenn drew the attention of the committee te the state of Gaskell-street and Leonard-street with CO view of the District Counzil being tvged to put into force the Prime Street Works Act 1892 as empowered by the ord,r of the LOC:AI Government Board dated 29th October, 1895. Tee street was in a disgraceful state. He thought they might make the street and charge the owner for the cost. Ha moved a resolution to this effect. -Mr. Mason seconded, Mr. Clarke supported, and the motion WA3 C irrif d. REPRESENTATION ON THE DISTRICT COUNCIL. Mr. Pearson said the population of Somkton Heath was deserving of two councilors,-Th. Coairman said it was too muchaltoe-Ter to expect from one Councillor. -Mr. Pearson preposrd that they take steps to Re - another rept.. sentotive for Stockton Heath pulse.- -Mr Mason seconded and the motion was carried.

IF YOU WAN•t?is £lOO "HOW I MAKE £lOO YEARLY . CERTAIN FROM 25 HENS IN TO GET WELL CONFINEMENT." Easily done anywhere by anyone. Hundreds doing. Large Pamphlet explaining method, is. id. TAKE ROGERS, 69, George Street, Oxford. WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE. THE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases, Inflammation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheumatism & Gout. "WARNER'S SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PsoF. DR. R. A. GUNN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REV. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years."— MAJOR MCMURRAY, Armagh. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SQUIRRELL, Rugby. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Salo by • ;Os and. Dealers. HAVE YOU A BAD LEG W I I:4urrowuonurd wtittri n discharge eonottnr dostwheorllwenis,eihafewleanD you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remelies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hove r*,tended various hospitals ad had medical advice, an i peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDoN-STREET bormon, and you will receive a box'of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILTA which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs ktbuse- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles. Pols lie' Hands, Bunions. ilLegistered Copytight.) ONGREVE'S - BaISAIIIIIC ELIXIR will not cure every complaint. But it has been proved by use for Seventy Years to be the most efficacious medicine for DISEASES OF THE LUNGS. TRY IT FOR COUGHS AND COLDS. In Cases of INFLUENZA which are associated with Pulmonary Symptoms much benefit has been experienced. 0 • 3n Chronic Brouclutis 8 fisthina it affords decided relief in most cases. But the renown of this Medicine has chiefly been gained by its success in CONSUMPTION, or TUBERCULAR AFFECTIONS of the LUNGS. Interviews with Patients by Mr. Congreve's Com- missioner, are published fortnightly in many Religious Weekly Newspapers. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post tree for is., smaller edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.E. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR my be had of all Medicine V, ndores in buttles at 2/0. 44/5, and Wally bottles aS V.V. rat 25, FLORILINE I—Fo THE TEETH AND BREITEL—ThOIOUghIy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.r ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delighttul fragrance to the breatb. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar to the Florilint "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ..Arlo •

_ I A.NOS. PIANO'S. PIANOS. 50 PER CENT SAVED. PURCHASE DIRECT FROM THE ABSOLUTE MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTEED eoR 2,-` YEARS FROM k' Ir.„ 108. CAsH Usually Sold at £3l. diJ.tJ Much Greater Reductions ea Higher Classes. SAVE YOUR MONEY BY TRADING DIRECT. PIANOS at WHOLESALE PRICES Direct from the Factory by the Leading and Well known Firm of E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED. BELMONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER STREET, LONDON, W. BRANCH SHOW-ROOMS- -287, GRAY'S INN ROAD, KING'S CROSS, LONDON • I_ol .12s Medals and Highest Awards stall the Leading International Exhibitions. 76 GUINEA PIANO direct from our factory to your home for £36 CASH. Designs of hikher classes at equally low prices on application. EASY TERMS of PAYMENT MAY BE ARRANGED. Securely Packed and Delivered to any part of the United ingdom. Buy Direct and Save the Heavy Profits of the Middleman Such facilities have never before been offered the Public Write for Price List and Full Drawings. E. BISEIoP AND tz'ONS. LIMITED, HEAD OFFICE AND WORKS— BEVIONT STEEP T, CHALK FARM. LONDON NW. ESTABLISHED 1862. Telegraphic Address—" ARCHBISHOP LONDON.:

THE GREAT REMEDY. 40.14AIRss „GOUT pILL S FR RHICUATI,SM,. SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain isj quickly relieved. Sure, Sate and effectual. All Chemists a nd Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box. WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS. GUARANTED Carriage Paid, and FOR FIVE YEARS : Liberal Cask Discount iiimmuigiv allowed. • lc mut EXHIBITED Carrying OH TON PPP.IIOII-- AT - r, Aim _ . _ Liverpool, Manchester. 1111 Jlt AND OTHER _ - Exhibitions Grsat reduction in prices Apply to The Loggford ire Co., United, Warringtoq. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS ForNzA Jj TOOTHACHE AND iot7HrV NEURALGIA cuan. 11315 In bottles, is. of all Chemists 0 , Or Post Free from 1114nufArsturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S.. London, Surgeoa-D3ntist. 29 S-vmoor-stree% Liv,troool .

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FoR THE HAIL—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling tff use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, izrey or whitf hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly eautifut, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d per hoftlA A rirt•

The ttoval Lskaudrrsass say Ucituti..v a VrAtwii aLoSS " isunsqualled for imparting a b,autiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling viter stsrch. Mr. Cornwall, says : wife will not finish our linen without your 'Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Der sir, —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch. Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d. and 6d ,by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro cure it. T. CAITCHLEr, Blackburn. Pr prietor.—Advt.

.7 .. reA, E$ r; '• • ';#, : •t• ', 'JS '.. ~ ,i CURES BRONCHITIS ASTHMA, INFLUENZA,1 Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, etc. IT IS INVALUABLE IN TUE TREATMENT OF Stiff Jaiiiits, Bisurajzis, 7..iunirts, Scalds, arid EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

Send . , • RAY & M I 1,..E5, Liverpc•ail For Illustrated Price List of IA Ecu z..., Best Value• in En=lancl.

k..... 4,, ~.. .1 ~,,,,- t.L.. E..7i,;:r.,,,01,11... ~; i• ...,.,,,,,;::!.,.,. , -r..;, ,11: _. ~.. 'lly , ..g,...,-,,,,:kr9A.,,:::E1F1A:4::,. r-4-11.At 'ill.A‘ l',srlcEi.7 CCTSIECT ALL 111GrLARITIL-7;, nua.tovE ALL 1 eDZTELCTION,,,, and relieve tile (11,1,-,c,s;ing cytmptoms tC. 7 reval4r..! v:it, ..he Pcx. 1301:e:sad ;- 6. ...., ( ‘sVareel- tinles the e_uantityl, of all C.he-zii^,ts. Sent a n ywhel... on roe-f-t cf 150 r 31 stlrarr, 1.7 E. T. TO ',-I,IIIL- (2.0., . .1. ' &Tau:a-v.:I-erg, Drrtlen St.., NotLin;!.harn. 1 , 1... ''• . r r f in,•7f,or, , r—R .....Z. ~.„,,,......L._.........5.aaaa5....a..c...4arwatr•-c v... • •aus.-ats.... tdarraansiß .........

290840iniattft.t6vto...-attioitiioooB4lo g Never be without a bottle of 1 Symington'sEdinburghCoffee Essence in the houso. All Grocers sell it. It makes de.4 ous coffee in a moment. OID

WHO ARE WEAK

i LATCH 8c CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. . , . . ; -,... , .i. _-. ~... • - ••• - •,• ..:, - ' • f Boys and Girls can get a NICKEL- ~. PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and , CHARM for selling li dozen packages of V BLUME at Pirepence each. Send your full address including name of County, by teturn mail, and we will -forward the Bluine. ..,.. -...,," , post paid, and a larce premium list No money required. BLUINE Co. IDepartment C 2) i '241. Gipsy Road, West Norwood. London, S.E.

TiII3:FAMOUS L. AND Y, TAWNY FLAlii;i: TOBACCO. T Li: SIVE:ETEST AND COOL2ST SMOKRI ON RA ET 10z.7: AND 2oz. FOILS. •-tcl PER OZ Ti) BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK, 58, HORSEDIARE.ET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NE WS. DYNAMITE OUTRAGE IN THE BLACK. FOREST. At Blakeney, Forest of Dean, on Wednesday night, an explosion oecurrei at the residence of an old man named Davies, a big charge of dynamite having been placed under the kitchen window. The house was Welly dam- aged tsgether with its cont nots, and Davies sustained fractared ribs, but his wife escaped. A year ago an at- tempt was made to wreck the some house, and recently t) Vow up the saw mills in the neighbourhood. The outrage is considered to be an act of spite. THE SEARCH FOR ANDREE.‘ Professor Nathers will be ready to start in nearch of Andree in the ship Antartic by the beginning of June. His expediton is regarded as the last chance of rescuing Andre and his colleagues, supposing that they are still alive. The famous Danish explorer Brunn will join the expedition. Baron Nordenskjoelds states that he fully shares Nansen's views as to the amount of credence to be attached to the Krasaquirck story. YESTERDAY'S FOOTBALL. FINAL RESULT. Sheffie!cl United, 2. Preston North End 1. LATEST LOCA.L WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-west of Enelaed was issued at the Meteorological Office at three o'clock yes- terday afternoon : South and south-westerly winds, strong ; a gale in places. Rainy. THE NANTWICH CLERICAL SCANDAL. Mr. A. N. Hornbv presided on Wednesday night over a packed meeting of Nantwich churchmen and parish- ioners, called to obtain an expression of sympathy with the late curates in the stand they took previous to the recent inquiry into the conduct of the recter,et Chester. Mr. Boyer (urban councillor)ealled upon the parishioners to withhold their support from the church. Toe reso- lution was carried unanimously, and a fund for present- ing a testimonial to the curates, one of whom has been appointed to a London curacy, was also pansed. DEATH OF A FAMOUS ATHLETE. NEW YORK, THURSDAY. 14. E. Myers, ex-champion athlete runners who took part in many cont,sti in England, died suddenly yester- day from heart disease. He held the world's records for 50 yards, 500 yards, and 1,000 yards. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS, The fortnightly meeting of the above was held at the Dutton Workhouse, on Tuefday. There were present. Mr. J. Woodward (in the clair). Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. S. Taylor A R. Norman, J. Meadowcroft, T. Reynolds, with dr. Cr. F. Ashton. (deputy-clerk). PARENTS AND PAUPER CHILDREN. Admiral Parry moved that it be an in truction to the Master that in future the parents of children who are in the Workhouse be at all reasonable times allowed to see such children on their visiting the Workhouse for such porp-se whether such parants had previously deserted their children or not. Mr. Wallington seconded. . l'Ar. Norman thought the master should have some dis- cretion in the matter. Admiral Parry said he would add the words" Subject to the discretion of the Master." The resolution was then adopted. FINANCES. Mr. T. Wright submitted the Finance Committee's re. port: The paymeets that day amounted to £287 14s 8d; and included amongst other i'ems:—Outrelief, Runcorn £BO ; Frodsham, £24 ; Buciwnrth. £2l. Tne balenco in the treasurer's hands was £1,536 41 81.—Ou the motion of Mr. Wright, seconded by Mr. Chadwick, the report was adopted. THE ELECTION OF COUNCILLORS AND GUARDIANS. The Cheshire Coupty C.ioncil, through thtir Clerk, Mr Reginald Potts, intimated that the election ef Urbaa District Councillors and Guardians had hewn fixed to take place on Saturday, Mame 25th. 'I he poll 'would be open from 12 neon to eight o'clock in the evening. LADIES VISITING COMMITTTE. Tbe ladies reported visiting the ward 3 of the House, and found everything in a satisfactory condition. THE CENTRAL POOR LAW CONFERENCE. Messrs. J. M. Williams, J. Knowles, and G. F. Ashten. (depety clerk) were appointed to represent tbe B)ard at the Central Poor Law Conferenee held at London on the 15th and 18th inst.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments 'unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH.. All consultations free. TEETH. Peels patient informed beforehand the cost of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An LLD., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. f u Painless Ilstris nitrous nruas hitherto,ie. by the aid Tic, maker to Dentists of 10,0 CC gallon. weekly. laor3. of the late J. H. P ARKINSON (DLNTIBT BY ...._aat.) MANCHESTER (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS MONDAY. 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN ...........7 BRIDGE-STREET. 11.1 ESDAY, 2 p m. SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ....31, BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5. 'NORTHWICH ..... .18. APPL EM A RKET-STR E ET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MA It itIAGES. RUNCORN. ii&ITGE —ALFORD-16th Inst., at St. John's Presbytealan Church, Victoria-road. by the Rev. I'. S Morris, Mr. John Herbert Hough, 1, Curson-street, to Miss Jessie Alford, 8,, Curson-stteet Runcorn. WHITBY—AINSWORTH-16th inst., at St. Paul's Chureb, bv‘ the Rev. J. A. B. Malvern, Mr. Albert Wbitoy, Birch Cottage, Weston, to Miss Eliz tbeth Ainswor:h, Heath-roa 1 Weston. DEATHS. RUN CO RN. SMITH-9 inst., at 30 Portlanc4-street, Florence, wife of Mr. Fredric William Smith. aged 34 years. JOLLE —loth inst, at 14, Bridga-street, Mary Jane, wife of Mr. James Jolley. aged 39 years ROGERS —l2th inst., at 6, Shaw-street, Mr. Darius Rogers, aged €5 years. NORMAN-11th inst. at 55. Greenway-road, Runcorn, Mr. Robert Norman, retired coal merchant aged 69 veils. FLEET-12th inst, at 64. York-street,Emma,wife of Mr. John Fleet, aged 60 years. CoEsEs—llth lost, at 22, White-street, Louisa, wife of Mr. John Cornes, flour miller, aged 37 years. lIEEsom-13th inst, at 46, Devonshire Square, Sarah, wife of Mr. Thomas Heesom, aged 62 years. GREEN-12th, inst. at 84. Loch-street. Mr. Joseph Green. waterman, aged 54 years.

FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington (Opposite Arplev Station) Also at MANCHESTER ROAD, (late Essenhigles.) S. T. WARD AND MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c., 'akers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Torans Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXIS PING MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
