===== 0002601_18990915_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
lIPIE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RUN- CORN. SEWERAGE WORKS. The Rural District Council of Puncorn INVITE TENDERS for the EXTENSION of the SEWERAGE WORKS in the Parish of Weston. Plans, Specifications and Quant'fies may he seen on appli- cation to Mr. William Diggle. Molly Bank. Frodsham, the Council's Surveyor, between the lais Ira of 9 and 10 o'clock in the forenoon and 5 and 6 o'clock to the afternoon from whom copies of the Quantities and forms of tet der may Le obtained on deposit of 10s, 6d. which will be met, tned on receipt of a bona-fide Tender. Sealed Tenders endorsed "Tender for Sewerage Works, Weston," to be delivered at my Office not later than Monday, the 25th instant. The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender.

By Order. G-UORGE F. ASHTON, Clerk of the Council.

Runcorn, 13th September. 1899.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN UNION. CONTRACTS FOR PRO- VISIONS AND SUPPLIES FOR PH R HALF-YRAR

END .NO MARCH 318T.1900 THE GUARDIANS OF THE POOR OF THE RUN- CORN UNION are deiirous of receiving TENDERS from parties willing to CONTRACT for the supply of FLOUR. OATMEAL, G WORRIES, PEAS, CHEESE, SALT BUTTER ; COD LIVER and PARAFFIN OIL : QUININE; GOOD BEEF, to con ist of vein pieces intact arm Flat Ribs with Bone. One Pound weekly not to exceed 251b5., and 501b5., per week of the Best Butcher's Meat for the Officers, and tides of Mutton; BREAD, HOME-CURED BACON, POTATOES. WHEAT,STRAW, DRAPERLand CLOTHING; Men's,Women's,Boys' and;Girls' SHOES of various sizes.as per sample to be seen at the Workhouse, Dutton, and Shoe Mend- ing ; HOUSE COAL (Colliery to be named; GOOD DEAL COFFINS, speclying size, and including plate with name, age, and date of death, to be delivered in the Union when and where required; CCKE ; CARTING at per mile; FUNERALS at per Funeral. Parties Tendering for the supply of the above-mentioned Goals will be required ti deliver the same at the Workhouse, free of cost to the Guardians, how and when required. Tenders to be accompanied with samples (except Drapery Goods) as far as practicable. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. Persons desirous of tendering must apply by letter to my office, in Runcorn, for a printed Form of Tender (and none other can be entertained), where a Schedule of the various articles required and further particulars may be obtained. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Guardians, to be forwarded to the Clerk's Office, Runcorn, on or before Saturday, the 23r.4 day of September, 1899. endorsed" Tender for ' The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the Guardians to be held in the Board Room, Dutton. on the 26th day of September, 1899, at 12.45 p.m. Parties whose tenders are accepted must enter into a yrritten Contract, and be prepared to enter into a Bond with two sureties if rcqeired by the Guardians. By Order of the Board. GEORGE F. ASHTON.

Runcorn, let September, 1899. Clerk to the Gu‘rdlans.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No. i 066.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. ARTISTIC PRINTERS EXAMINER OFFICE, LEW SEY S MEET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS. (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Saturdays, j 10-30 a.m., 2 p.m.. 9th & 16th 5 p.m. & 12-30 night. 9 a.m. and 3-30 pm. Saturdays, j 10-30 a.m., 5 p.m., 23rd & 30th and 12-30 night. 9 a.m. and 3-30 p.m. 12-30 a.m. (Sun n't) Mondays ... 10-30 a.m. and 2 p m.{ 9 a.m. and 3_30 p,m. • Tuesdays & }ll-30 am. and 2 p.m. 9 a.m. Thursdays Wednesdays & {ll-30 a.m, 9 a.ie. and 1 p.m.* Fridays *l'er " Snaefell " or " Peveril." Instead of 2 pm. the steamer will sail at 3 pm. on 12th and 26th from Liverpool. DAY EXCURSIONS—Saturdays and Mondays. From Liverpool ... 10-30 a.m. I From Douglas ... S-30 p.m. Douglas err about 2-15 p.m. I Liverpool arr. abt. 7-15 p.m. Also by Saturday's midnight steamers, to return Sunday midnight. Day Excursion Farea : Saloon, 65.; Fore Cabin, 4s. LIVERPOOL TO BAMSEY direct. —Monday, 11th, and every Saturday, 12-30 noon. Via Douglas, Thursdays, 11-33 a.m. Illustrated sailings free, or postage, id. ISLE 01 MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., Douglas.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
SEPTEMBER 15 1899.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

UFFERING from Ner-oni and Physical Debility shoull send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may he successfully treated without stomach medicktion. The method is easy and pleasant. and will affect a p..rfect and permanent cure. Ben ratleti, post free. Address—

E. BURTON, 59, & 60 Cbatteery Lane, London, W.O listaellshed r) Years.

(*I Nov- kjEIEMISTS VV HO COMMAND PUBLIC ESTEEM. THREE GOOD QUALITIES YOU MAY DEPEND UPON. (1) THE PERFECT FRESHNESS (2) THE GOOD QUALITY (3) THE FAIR PRICE OF ALL DRUGS SOLD AT

===== 0002601_18990915_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

Every Branch is under the management of a com- petent man, qualified by examination of the Phar- maceutical Society. The services of a reliable Chemist are th us at the disposal of EVERY cus- tomer. whether a Physician's prescription is brought to be dispensei or the simplest drug is required. For (1) PHYSICIANS PRESCRIPTIONS (2) PURR DRUGS (3) SURGICAL APPLIANCES (4) TOILET ARTICLItS (5) HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS

take the lead in the towns where they have branches. TOILET ARTICLES.—Many of the branches have a large and elaborate stock of Hair Brushes, Vinai- grettes, Fancy Combs, .tc.. suitable for presents, in Inexpensive or expensive mountings, according to ' the taste and means of purchasers.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

_ ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING SPECIALTIES - BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVE'i PILLS. Highly recommended to sufferers from Bilious- ness and Liver troubles. is. lid. for 9id. at Boots. Cash Chemists. GRATTON'S EIIBROCATION, Splendid testimonials from leading athletes. Strengthens the muscles. Is. for lOid. at Boots, Cash Chemists. WILLS' WAUKEEZIE. A real,corn curer. It never fairs to give prompt relief.

Is. for 10d. at B )ots, Cash Chemists. CAMPBELL'S CHERRY COUGH CURE. Unfailing remedy for stubborn coughs and sore throats. is. Id. for Is. at Boots, Cash Chemists.

BOOTS CASH CHENIISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 33, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

BY POST{ IS. is gd. per Quarter credit 730. Per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum

===== 0002601_18990915_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S PILLS.

EADWS PILLS. All who suff mer from Gout or Rheumatism s'iould immediately EADE'S PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADH'S pILLs. been received from all sort% and conditions of men testifying to EADE S pILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v EADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe In

their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE GRAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommenklatiou ever given any Patent Itßdicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. ) HEUMATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and! bad three months in bed with it. Of course 1 OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RH B UMAT IS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE ATIS Id my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more PHIL and I have been all right again NUMATI SIM directly. I WOULD NOT Eh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM wYoutaruesequyiote. borttyhi sto amnadk GOUT shall be pleased tt, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write i HEUMAT M me (enclosing stamped address). lt hing you every suceess, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, 11. lid. and 2s. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Gosimi.i.-Roln. E.O. Ask fcr and be sure you obtain ADE'S GOUT AND zWEU IdATIO PILLS. E A It S PILLS

FOB FIRST-CLASS PRIvATZ

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged TEETH All oonsultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the coat of work required.

TEETH. Efold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the alci of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly.

Exore. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON MANCHESTER.TriEN:::.O.,;7-Ir,O)MOSLEY-STREET

LIVERPOOL.-...

....:_.....:::_5, BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2165)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to y p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m, to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STB.EET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON ._ . SANK EY-STRICET

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,- _ -31. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH....-18, APPLEMARK ET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

"COMPETITION KEY,"

PUBLISHED ETERT SITIYRDAY, PRICE ON PENNY. OVE R £l5O IN PRIII ES.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAINS:

SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appeving inithe principal weekly periodicals, Great Football Competition, Unique 00108811 rrize Scheme, Graph- ology Column by "Zola." Txßats OF SUZSCRIPTION :—Single Copies, Post Free,2d.; One Month, 6d.; three months (12 numbers), is. PUZLIBILEAS : k)AMPBELL AND SON,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
STANLEY CHAMBERS, LEICESTER.

LONG WORTH PAPER MERCEIANT. BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS, 201 ow ' CHEESE , us ~PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER. 1 , BLUE on PINK,. 12s 6d, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 'lid ;16 by 24, lOid ; 19 by 29 ls 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. Is, 4 ozs. ls 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE id per 10)0 less. ENVELOPES, ls 6d 1000. NOTE PAPER,3IcI per pound. CA RRIAG E PAID.

4 AND 6,0.9. E STREET, THOMAS:STiIIii, MANCHESTER.

Jtiontr.

86,500 BTEOv ADVANCEs LOBLIORITGarEIS, terest from per cent. CHIEF BE •;TS FOR &Mi.— 77: BROWN. 60a, Lord-street, I iverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. No. 7486

3eizejsecenti.ttofb;)Aeddvared on to suit b)rrowers,in any partgof the coupnotsmo—J. ;Y. sß:itile.:Enlit: £150,000 'ato fit-° m a 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND WARRINGTON.

JOHN E. GOODWIN" continues to make— -ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNEs• WARRINGTON at tnj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £.5,87, £lO, £2O. £3O, _£Bo and upwards.

FIE LD IN G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS ,t 5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSHHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assureuet Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/-per wk. £lO ~ 5/- £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 7/6 £3O 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or fines charged. hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO jOSEP 11 WADS WORTH, District Agent for YIELDINa'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

FROM £lO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years. and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and boa received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES.

PROSPECTUSES, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on appliea tion either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYEE,

ACCOUNTANT.

205 KENNEDY STREET,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

No FEES!! N 0 CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money t respec`able applicants (male or female) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY,

PROMPTITUDE, EASY REPAYMENTS,

MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to nine; Satur- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel).

TELEPHONE No, 6,941

JOS. -DAVIS, Manager.

For Nearly 2Q years

DR. DAVIS'

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

--- have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO: WOMANKIND. They are the best known :remedy for Anasmia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Lose of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments.

Boxes, 9id., Is. lid., 2s. 91 and 4s. 6d. May be had from. Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor—

Du. Dlvis, 30D, Portobello-road, Notting HiII, Landoll..

===== 0002601_18990915_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18990915_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
0-0

1 - ill' t iS)I4 : , 4'l) .I,lfl . '''. i 1 4 i, jll3

-6

t, _.

4 I' 4 , '

11.1 ti r 4 9 'l4

===== 0002601_18990915_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAR NELLIE,

For the coming season tailor-made costumes are likely to be very fashionable, and it will gratify Tou to be made aware that plain materials are to be in vogue. These will include the favourite satin-face amazone cloths, French serge coatings and fine quality woollen poplins. It is well to observe that in most of the new varieties of coats the way in which the lapels and collars are shaped is especially noticeable. In many instances these are put on separately and guipure lace is e ..Len.- sively utilised for covering the collars, some examples of the coats having real lace collars, these appearing on foundations of richly tinted You will agree with me that such a fashion is one that makes for effectiveness in costume. By the way, coa.s are tight fitting and if one desires to be in the mode she must see to it that her skirts are made to fit tiehtly round the hips.

Headgear is an ever-present subject in min& feminine, and we all acknowledge that a neat chapeau is to be desired by every woman who take pride in her appearance. An exceedingly prett hat which I saw lately was trimmed with lar2E bows of velvet and graceful plumes. I learn that the very latest travelling hat is one of ths familiar toreador shape, trimmed with gauze ox ribbon.

Blouses are a 9 pienLirul as ever for autumn wear, and many beautitul examples have been noticed of late. Favourite fabrics seem to be a silky cash- mere or nun's veiling cf fine quality. These have the advantage of being comparatively inexpensive as well as highly attnlctive ; thay are obtainable in all the popular shades, and it i 4 possible for one to match or contrast atskirt. Toe sleeves, it should be said, are generally email ani tight, and a eilk collar and revere make a c.,oital finish.

The tunic overskirt is a delightful medium for the fashionable stitching, and it is a fashion which does not shorten the figure, unless violent contrasts of colour and material are employed. One which was brought under my notice quite recently was of golden-brown Amazon cloth, the bodice as a rounded bolero, outlined with lines of stitching, and reaching to the waist at the back. In front the bolero was supplemented by vest pieces of velvet, forming Eton points at tho waist, but not reaching to the neck. The collard-band and plastron of mastic surith were tucked all over. The skirt was made with a plain foundation, over which came a tight tunic running up in front, and outlined by stitching; attached to the edge of this was a secondary tunic drapery of velvet, which formed points at either side, and an elongated point at the back.

You will he interested in knowing that it is quite the exception now for veils to be worn by really smart people, awl this is a direct result of the present style of hat which, with its curious curves and (in many cases) strings, does not allow of satisfactory adjustment of the veil. It is also a difficult matter to arrange a veil realty becom. ingly over a toque, which, if made of soft tulle or chiffon, as are so many of these pretty head-cover. ings, is liable to be crushed and flattened even by the light confinement of a veil. When veils are worn now they are either of plain white tulle or very fine plain black veiling, or of a fine French mesh with very small chenille spots. Black veils lined with pink tulle, and styled complexion veils, have been introduced for some time now, but have not really caught on, as they have been found so dazzling to the eyesight. To return for a moment to ercsEcs, lot ma say that the new half-length coats look immensely comfortable for the late autumn and winter, and are very smart with a long, tight skirt. The great merit of this type of garment is that it can be worn with so many cliffz,:nt gowns, and without being close-fitting, it gives a straight and shapely outline. The front is not double-breasted, but fastens eligh tly to the left side with a single row of buttons. The small lapels turn out from the fronts, and meeL a broad turn.down collar, and these are faced with velvet.

Your loving

JIL

A Book for Ladies.

The knowledge contained in this book is of PRICE- LESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED LADY, and has been the means of brightening the lives of thousands. It contains a large amount of valuable information. All will pr fit by reading it, as the knowledge gained is priceless, and cannot but do good. Eent in sealed enve lope for two stamps.

MRS. M. FARLEIGH, (Box 63,)

160, HACKNEY ROAD, LONDON, N.B.

ASK YOUR GROCER FOR McDOUGALI:S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR

c;c4Are(.ll,:ke V'' .• 'Y ~,•rra.;:' Vi tV-* 11 i•,! 0,/,, o ' I ';/ ti,.. a ' '' C ' I ;7/// \ '' t, 4' //7 ;V4 t'itc- ,,,,,, 7 d . .. , Ai, •.1/• :I / S - / 'l7 -0; 'ltllo , /ft'. . v/1,411r /1//1/7 tv ./det(!tui ~,,'..) ,:07,,,,,,, -,,,, /Is. - ,11,, , . ;10,1475:, • ~..yi, hi,, Tilt/01.4,1, \\le •,,, 1\ P; f Nil/ 1 'f- ,,,,v, triki qt. . . , -

40 .„,,tir., ...... -,,,,..,, _,..(,,-??,-. VA \-3f.i 4:1 e7r--r-,,..." •441)...04Y00 lw liiifi: -if.54-444;i4v64ii _,fr:- , / 7 ''..^.--- i // • ': IV/7 5 ,1-1 • ), 1 • /

__77;t73.3,,i4; r 1 , C-------1, - \i i k ‘,,.4*:,,,,‘, .\\t,w,,:' 4 ) ~, , ~ ..,,,,1 x\\\. f 0 \ , \ . ,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Bankers: London C, Midland Bank, Ltd.

Please mention this paper whe

===== 0002601_18990915_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
JflIN NOBLE, LTD.,

kIINN!:111ZA%

" WOMEN'S CHAT."

It is not much more than a year since the Hon. Su,an Baring, youngest daughter of Lord Revelstoke, was ap- pointed Maid of Honour to the Queen, and now comes the news that her marriage with Sir James Reid, Physician in Ordinary to the Queen, and the Prince of Wales, will shortly take place. Both her sisters married quite in the teens, the one Lord Castle- rosse, and the other Mr. " Bobby "Spencer. Miss Bar- ing is piquant and slight, with a very pretty manner, which is dignified without any stiffness.and she is gifted with enormous tact and sympathy. She is very much liked, and so is her sister Lady Castler _Bs.. Aprapos of weddings, Wednesday is more honoured by Hymen than any other day of the week. Tuesday is considered fairly tavourable as also is Monday. Thurs- day, Friday, and Saturday are the three least favoured days. Everybody has heard the ancient rhyme" Mon- day for wealth, Tuesday for health, Wednesday the best day of all ; Thursday for crosses, Friday for losses, Saturday no day at all." Even the colour of the wedding garment is shadowed by superstition. " They that marry in green their sorrow is soon seen." "Blue is true "the old rhyme goes, and that colour has been a favourite at weddings, since time began. Red is also a happy colour. Yellow is the synonym for jealousy,and was considered by the ancients an atrocious taste. Hymen, or Hymenaioe, in Grecian mythology, was the son of Apollo, and a Muse. In very early legeLd3 he was described as a mortal of extreme beauty, who delivered from captivity some Attic virgins who had been carried by Pelasgian pirates to Clenais. For this service he was rewarded with a maiden of whom he was deeply enamoured, and on account of his conduct and the happiness of his marriage, he weeinv ked in bridal songs, thence called hymenal songs. In ancient art, he is represented as a tall and elegant, but some- what effeminate youth. He usually carries in his hand the bridal torch, and sometimes wears on his head or around his neck a wreath of flowers. From time te time ludicrous incidents cr )p up at weddings' and one of the most amusing recsnt stories runs as follows. In a West of England church, where a good many weddings are solemnized, the service was being read by a curate a most estimable young clergy- man, who was greatly lik2d, but was apt occasionally to mistake. The best man, in this case, made all the re- sponses, and the clergyman was jug; about to unite him in the bonds of holy matrimony with the bride, when the verger happily intervened, and prevented a rather awkward complication. At the same church not so very long since, the vicar himself was solemnizing a marriage, the bridegroom being a soldier. After the ser- vice was concluded, the latter said to him, " You will have to trust me sir, for the fee." A provident marriage that!

_ The lot of woman can scarcely be more miserable I than that of her who marries a private soldier or junior non-commissioned officer" without leave." The men who marry these women know perfectly well that they are totally unable to support their wives, and that their lives must be one of considerable drudgery or worse. Of course it is egregious fully on the part of women to marry without leave, but there ought to be some means of punishing the men who deceive them. The extent to which the evil exists in every garrison town, constitutes a gross scandal, resulting in a serious charge upon the rates for the maintenance of women thus abandoned, yet no attempt is made to punish the ruffians who cause the trouble. Many of them marry again when they leave the army but we never hear of them being convicted for bigamy. Most of U 9 have heard that the American business man spends too much of his time at the office, and takes very little recreation. This application is generally supposed, at any rate in these Isles of ours, to be dice to a desire to mews dollars, but another explanation is afforded by a writer in one of the leading London papers, which devoted recently, more than a column to the subject of the American girl, of whom he seems to have a very high opinion. He says—The American " husband is so "sat on " at home, that he has got into the " way of spending very much more time at his business than "is the usual habit of the men in this country "! A writer in the " Queen " offers some sensible advice to wernen who may be going to Switzerland, and pro- pose spending a portion ef their time in mountaineering. " ely advise "she says " is to take as little as passible with ycu, and to pack that little in such small compess that you can carry it if necessary." The " douane "is one of the great drawbacks to leaving our country. If it is only hand luggage teat•has to be examined the annoyance is minimised,otherwise it entails halt-an-hour or an hour's waiting, and most disagreeable crowding and packing in uncomfortable waiting rooms. A process repeated three and some`imes four times en. route. What is really required as far as outfit is concerned is a well made, tailor cot gown in tweed, cloth, or serge, with a coat of course ; a short skirt for climbing with nicker- bockers to match, and a cloth cape, generally slung to the back by a strap, when walking over the mountains ready for use as required. In the matter of mountaineerinz, probably no livieg woman can compare with Miss Bristow, who was the first to climb the Matterhorn by the ordinary route, and descend by the Zmutt Ridge. She it was who taught the Alpine Club how difficult rocks should be scaled,and surrounded on three sides by nothing, she might frequently be seen sitting on ledges, taking photographs of other members of the party As they struggled up. For autumn and coming winter wear, plain fabrics are being eeteneively prepared, but there are some dellehtful items to relieve the monotony. The fancy cashnieres and woolen bengalie es show stripes in silks so potential that the material at the first glasice would seem to be made of superadded fabric: Others have lace stripes and minute spots. Vicuna remains with UP, and matelasse has come back afcer a somewhat new order with check effects. The market is flooded for the moment with materials of tartan mixture which find many American purchasers and there is a great rush for Seettish tweeds. From New York, there is consider- able demand for the thick make of crepons. Earrings have at length secured a firm footing in the world monistic and grow more and more in favour as time goes on. Moreover there is now no neesssity to bore holes in oneself, in which to hang this psrticuler form of ornament. The majority of the earrings are fitted with little blunt round headed screws so that the jewel can be attached to the ear in a more cemfortable manner.

" MADGE.'

FESTIVETIES AT THEL WALL

THE POLICE AND RAILWAY MEN AT CUE RDEN HALL.

Mr. R. A. Naylor and Miss Naylor seem destined I to become noted as the most liberal entertainers in the neighbourhood. It is only a few weeks since a party of over 500 connected with the St. John Ambulance Association was entertained at Cuetden Hall and on Thursday a body of Warrington polled officers accompanied by their wives and friends and also a portion of the staff at Bank Quay station received similar hospitality. Ihe weather though dull and threatening confirmed fine and the visitors spent a most enjoyable afternoon amid the rural beauties of Mr. Naylor's residence. After an inspec- tion of the hall with its wealth of beauty and elegance, the party was free to ramble through the grounds or induige in games on the lawn. Permis- sion was given to relieve the fruit trees of some of their burden and this privilege was much appreciated. The police and their friends numbered 40. The party in- cluded the Chief Cone table and his wile (Mr. and Mrs. Luke Talbot), Chief Inspector Phillips, Inspector Row- bottom, Sergearitr Cheuey, Holling worth and Dean. There were about the same number of railway employ e from Bank Quay. The company was joined by a large house party including Dr. and Mrs. Dyer of Cheltenham Rev. Canon and Mrs. Davies. of Pwllhelli; Miss Stannus, of L ndon ; Mrs Grimshaw, of Hale Barnes ; Mr and Miss Nixon, of Hale; Mr and Mrs R M Prescot.of Nelson and Miss Stanley. An excellent tea was provided in the Temperance Mission Hall. At the coLclusion of the repast The Rev. Carroll DAVIES said there was one duty to perform and that was to propose a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Miss Naylor f..r their hospitality. After re- ferring in complimentary terms to Mr. Naylor's generosity he said there was only one drawback ; he was an 011 bachelor—(laughter)—but he was a good old bachelor. (Laughter.) He took delight in doing good and also looked to the spiritual welfare of his neigh- bours. He (Canon Davies) was glad to find that he advocated temperance. The Canon proceeded to refer to the benefits of total abstinence, and advised his hearers to keep clear of drink. There was always danger in connection with drink. If they wanted to have a race of sober men they must attend to the chil- dren. There was nothing like inculcating temperance principles amongst children and he was glad Mr. Naylor took special pains and trouble to do so. The drink traffic, he contended, was the curse of the nation. The CHIEF,CONSTABLE said it was with great pleasure he rose to second the vote of thanks to Mr. and Miss Naylor, which had been so eloquently proposed by the Rev. Canon Davies. He was sure they had all enjoyed , themselves exceedingly. The beautiful fresh air was a great contrast to the atmosphere of Warrington at the present time, and he was sure their outing must have done them a great deal of good. The social intercourse of that gathering would no doubt be productive of good feeling amongst the men and their friends hereafter,if that good feeling did not exist already. Everything they bad had and seen bad been very enjoyable. The very excellent homily they had just listened to would not have done them any harm ,but be might state to the friends present, that a more steady and sober lot of men did not exist in any police force in England than was to be found in Warrington (Applause.) Their friends from the railway were also. known to be a steady and sober lot of men. (Hear, hear.) He would conclude by seconding the vote of thanks.

The proposition was unanimously carried. Miss NAYLOR, in acknowledging the vote, said she was very thankful for the hearty vote of thanks. She had been very glad indeed to see them: (Applause.) Mr. R. A. NAYLOR also responded and said he wished to say how very glad his sister and himself were to see so many present on that occasion. They hoped it would not be the last: (Hear, hear.) He did not know whether it was correct but he was told that Warrington was in a very unhealthy state at the present time and it was well that they should csme there and breathe a little fresh air. (Hear, hear.) Warrington aas in a very bad way in respect to other things besides sick- ness. He had never had the pleasure of becoming a member of the Town Council because he had declined to accept any such position. They ought not to say too much about those gentlemen who gave their time and attention to the affairs of the ancient Borough of Warrington, but at the same time it might be as well if they would be a little more friendly disposed towards one another, than they seemed to be. He understood that they had been using extrava- gant language (Laughter.) Such only led to one thing, it generally ended in blows, and he should not be at a!• surprised if he heard ef a little bit of " fisty-cuffs " takicg place in the Warrington Town Council Chamber. (Laughter.) It was a great misfortune when the gcntle- men who represented their interests had not the common sense to behave when they met together. like English gentlemen ought to do. (Hear, Lear.) He could only endorse the words which bad fallen from the lips of the Chief Constabla.that the officers of Warrington were example to many. The same remark applied.to theirfriends connected with the railway. He thought they would agree with him tt at their conduct was of an exemplary character and they were always most civil and obliging. (Applause.) An adjoarnment was afterwards made to the hall, where a brief chamber concert was provided. The aud- ience was accommodated in the gallery of the entrance hall. Dr. Dyer gave a brillant pianoforte recital which called forth the hearty appreciation of those present. Mr. and Miss Naylor also favoured the company with a duet and Mr. Naylor further delighted his hearers by rendering " A fine old Eagli,la Gentleman." Subs,- quently a return visit was paid to the Temperance Hall where a large company of villagers had assembled to witness the distribution of prizes in the cottage garden- ing and other competitions. Mr. Naylor presided and briefly referred to the results of the competition,and the poaslbilities to be attained. He then called upon Mrs. Davies to distribute the prizes. The prize winners in the cottage gardening competition were :-Ist, Mr J Simpson, £1 is; 2nd, Mrs Leigh, 103 ; 3rd, Mr Fredeaux, ss; 4th, Mrs Leah, 2s 6d. A number of money prim s were also awarded to children attending the Bacd of Hope for regular attendance and good conduct. The prize winners were : Mary Phcenix, Annie Smith, Albert Leigh, Joe Leigh, Frank Ditchfield, James Hankinson. and Robert Hankinson.

Mr. Sherwood of Warrington afterwards delighted the company with a conjuring entertainment. At the close coffee and buns were handed round, and an enjoyable evenine's entertainment concluded.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Guid 259 p,ges) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co, 186. Euston-road London, Hairdressers =ed.—Manager, If. MYER. 9. 2-.dvt

===== 0002601_18990915_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
'HE POLYPHON.

THIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL INSTRIPIENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork—thousand: of Tunes. You can choose your own Ines. GBISIIA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25

ARCHFR St SONS, TO 47, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

- 4 4 Ti tu 2.1-IP* k• 43

===== 0002601_18990915_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
STR ANCHES

===== 0002601_18990915_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1899

(Copyright.)

THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.

BY HIJAIE NISBET,

Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Hunting or Gold, "The Swampers," tee.

expected tto Kiss a Wm:Unary Daby. 'Them kind ain't used to nussing and cuddling babies. They've got servants to do this duty for'em. Never mina, my precious, you've got a good friend now, and if she don't look kind she acts all right." Mrs. Hambly went no more to the wash-tub except to do up her own and Lewis John's linen. With pardonable pride she announced to her customers that she was now bought up by a Duchess. _ _ _

Being a Duchess, it appeared like blasphemy in Mrs. Hambly's opinion to judge her patroness ,from the standard of womanhood. Yet she wished that the lady had shown more interest in her ad)pted son, and just a little sympathy and pity for his real mother. She grew very melancholy when she thought about that poor mother's terrible fate. The prison was bad enough for one so sensitive and good to endure. But to have to give up and part for ever from her darling boy, Mrs. Hambly could not conceive any doom more severe and heartrending. "I've heard about them poor prisoners in Siberia or some such place, where it's always hice and snow. I've heard about the Hamerican slaves, but they're not in it with this trial. Why, I'd sooner go to the gallows right off and be 'anged than do it. How I ham to stand by and watch that parting I don't know, I'm sure. Poor gal, poor hinnocent gal, for I knows you never went and done it. May the Lord 'ave mercy on you, for He's put it heavy on you, and no mistake about it." Next day her Grace's man of business called upon the widow and startled her by the munificence of the terms he proposed. She had never dreamt, even in her most palmy days, of being worth such wages. No more need for cheeseparing and trying to make ends meet. They were overlapping by yards now. She felt•herself a lady of means now, all owing to that blessed baby, Lewis John. All these creature comforts made it harder for her to meditate upon the poor prisoner in goal. The afternoon following the satisfactory visit of the lawyer, a great pile of packages were delivered at the cottage addressed to her. When she opened these packages one after the other, her feminine heart danced merrily, until she again thought about that poor prisoner. The Duchess had purchased for the baby as only a Duchess with an unlimited purse could purchase. The most complete and costly outfit that the West End could furnish came out of those bundles. The finest of cambric and linen. The most delicate of laces and handsome long robes and short dresses, mantles, caps, and the host of baby requirements, which, being only a man, the writer of this history cannot describe or enumerate. It requires the pen of a young lady author to do justice to it. Her Grace had done her duty. She had pur- chased for her adopted son as costly and extrava- gant an outfit as if he had been her own flesh and blood. Perhaps it was only because she enjoyed the shopping and had no need to deny herself the pleasure of buying. It may have been as a kind of salve to her conscience for having robbed the child of his mother. Perhaps to reconcile this victim to her sacrifice when she next saw her baby so well taken care of. Perhaps for his adored father's sake, for although she hated both child and mother, still that baby was portion of the man whom she worshipped with all the mad passion of her Oriental heart. _ _

Who can tell what blended reasons the Duchess had for her extravagant outlay. Possibly she hoped that the sight of her baby clothed as she could not have clad him would serve as another stab in that already sorely lacerated heart. At any rate, the sight of her child—the last sight which Valerie meant her enemy ever to have—would accentuate the fact of how idle it was for her to struggle against her destiny. Her happiness and her life Valerie now held with an iron grasp.

Those that were invited congratulated Memselves on their good fortune. A twelvemonth's freedom The people who were_ not _inyited wished that they from duns and other harassing worries; the best of wines, cigars and cooking; almost absolute freedom of action, and a renewed lease of life. The people who were not invited wished that they had been more friendly with Captain Eric St. Arnoul, impecunious blackleg although he was. As they idly wished this, they cursed their own want of foresight. "Politeness where Eric St. Arnoul is concerned cannot be said to cost nothing, yet we might have managed him with a few pounds and bee' in this also." Most of the society spectators thought this as they gathered to that farewell champagne luncheon at Cowes, and after- wards waved their hats and handkerchiefs from the tender.

The Duchess Valerie, knowing the censorious world, never placed herself in any ambiguous position. When she was talked about in society it was in terms of praise and admiration. She studied all the social convenances very closely, and verily she had her reward. She was respected, not alone for her wealth and position, but also for her decorous behaviour. Whererever she was located she patronised the recognised church, and gave largely to charities—i.e., public charities. Thus she was considered to be a perfectly safe companion for the most straight-laced and con- servative. She was received without demur into the innermost circle, and considered crime de la crime amongst the different circles and skimmings that take place on the top of the milk pail. Her city speculating proclivities were not, :of course considered at all 'derogatory to her dignity. In fact, she was all the more petted and courted by her own kind for dabbling in these matters. Dowagers and noble patricians, also venerable dignitaries, courted her assiduously for tips about the market; in fact, her outer apartments, while she had been at the Hotel Cecil, hadibeen as much thronged by society grandees as if they had been the ante- rooms of some great Court. Since the Colonial Premiers had occupied this luxurious and palatial Hotel, never had been seen such an eager crowd, or so many emblazoned carriages in its courtyard. For this present outing she had managed to secure the presence of one of the most highly-respected Bishops, and a brace of Court dowagers whose reputation alone would have sanctified any collection of Yahoos, The Bishop, like the pair of dowagers, had been ordered to lay in large supplies of ozone to recruit them after the influenza. They were not at all sorry to be able to obey their physician at the expense of her Grace. _ _ _ _

The other guests, before being invited, had been privately left to the selection of thee watch-dogs of society. A large list had been given to their inspection, with the numbers stated that the young Duchess required for the party. In this way Valerie won their sanction and approval by placing herself and her guests under their protection. At the same time, as she had made out the list her- self she succeeded in getting together the most select and agreeable people she knew. There was nothing omitted to make them all comfortable and happy. There wasn't a detrimental amongst them. The single people had been chosen with a discriminating eye towards future possi- bilities. Anxious mothers at home sighed with satisfaction now, to think that their dear girls were removed from temptation for so long a time. They could take their ease as they thought that their darlings were in such eligible company and under such experienced care. The married people, also, were not likely to cause any disagreeable scene as married pairs are sometimes likely to do when forced to endure each other's society. The Duchess and her able advisers had prevented all this by only inviting those wives whose husbands were in other parts of the world hunting, soldier- ing, or engaged in diplomatic pursuits, and those husbands who could not possibly bring their better halves. By this system complete harmony was assured, and a very pleasant prospect was before them all. This is how society manages to prevent those vulgar and sordid domestic scenes which so often spoil proletarian pleasure parties. Unlike Noah's ark, the Gadfly did not carry pairs. It carried odd sets of those that Hymen had already paired. They were all polite and attentive to each other.. The wedded people, possibly the most supremely satisfied that they had left their responsibilities and troubles behind them; the single as yet undecided whether they were likely to be happy or wretched about the arrangements made on their behalf. But a long voyage was before them, and propinquity was likely to smooth over all the present rough edges. If some thought that they had left their aristocratic hearts behind them in ineligible hands, if at present they were disposed to sulk against the obvious intentions of those stately high-priestesses of Hymen's temple, they would not be likely to kick very long against their destinies. _

Thus they started their journey under the care of the most dignified of spiritual and social pro- tectors, with the most talented of chefs and doctors to attend to their material wants, and a ship the acme of splendour, comfort, and safety. It was a cunningly-contrived ship in respect to economy of space. Although the cabins were neces- sarily small each was so arranged as to be trans- formed into sitting, bed, or dressing room at will of the inmates. By touching certain knobs, beds disappeared and satin-covered couches occupied their place, with all the dainty brw-à-brac of a lady's boudoir. On the gentlemen's side of the ship the same contrivances changed their berths into cosy bachelor dens, where they were able to enjoy as much privacy as they cared for. Knobs of electric buttons were placed in each cabin, with small labels above each button stating what it was to be pressed for. A touch and the article required instantly appeared on its own neatly-arranged buffet. By these arrangements the duties of the stewards and stewardesses were considerably lightened. These attendants also were marvels in their lines of duty, for each was either a well- trained and long-tried ladies'-maid or valet, and all models of discretion. Electric globes brilliantly lighted up the ship in the form of flowers and other artistic designs, producing an effect entrancing in its loveliness. The saloon was a dream of splendour, and like the private cabins, could be changed into either a dining or a drawing-room almost with the quick- ness of a transformation scene. Then the morocco- covered chairs were replaced by exquisite satin and silk-covered lounges, ottomans and chairs, while the larger dining tables disappeared and card and other tables took their places. Marble baths were supplied with hot and cold water and aromatic perfumes. The smoke-room cc:Add be used as a billiard-room as well, while the promenade-decks had silken awnings over them and palms set in pots that made them like a conservatory. Forty guests could be accommodated without crushing, but the Duchess had limited her guests to twenty, thus giving each of them a spare cabin to use as a store-room or wardrobe. The quarters, also, for the officers and sailors and firemen were as comfortable and commodious as they could be. The captain was an ex-naval commander. His officers also had been in the naval service, so that they knew, not only how to manage a ship, but how to look after the guns. There were three of these, one of long range and two gatlings. The Gadfly was thus prepared to sting as well as to skim along the ocean, if stinging was required. (To be continued.)

COMMERCIAL AND ARTISTIC PRIMING.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Sin CSheet sft.3in. by 31t. 91n. THE 14.RGE8T IN THE DISTRICT. A MONN EnN PLACARD may be formed by joining number of the " LEVIATHAN " MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LAIIGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING NIA AM( ,TH POSTE, S. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTER. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

J. WALKER & Co.

AM INER WORKS, BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

P *gCIALITY : ENVELOPES 28. 13.741,11 1, 00 O.

S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! ! For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion.

BAIRD's BiLious

AND LIVER PILLS.

Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. BALCH is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 90.

Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINorox : 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE. STREET, AND MARKET-GATE. STOCKPORT :-26. BRIDGE-aTREET BR W. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREETO Eccrxis :-58, CHURCH-STlthava.. .ST. BELIINS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREET. CHESTER :-28, EASTGATH ROW and 30, BASTGATS- TREBT.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIX.

LEWIS JOHN IS PROVIDED FOR.

Now that the ruin of her rival was accomplishea there was nothing more for the Duchess Valerie to do in England. However, as we have seen, she was a woman who kept her vows and promises, whether these were baleful or beneficent. Having, there- fore promised to adopt the child, she lost no time in doing this. Her first step in this direction was to visit Mrs. Hambly and see Lewis John. ::Valerie did not care much for babies, but even if she had loved them this particular infant would have been an excep- tion. As she gazed with sombre eyes upon this innocent and smiling token of her rival's powers, the spirit of murder crept into her jealous heart. To grip that soft and milky throat, or press her hand over those smiling moist rose lips, would have been a passionate and delirious joy. She shuddered with the strength of her desire to quench that budding life, and turned her gaze away. "I presume that you are fond of the child," she said, with a forced smile parting her dry lips. "Yes, ma'am." Mrs. Hambly was not aware of the rank of her visitor. Valerie had merely intro- duced herself as an old friend of the father and mother. "Yes, ma'am. I am fond of all children, but Lewis John here is like one of my own to me. His poor, unfortunate mother knew she could trust him to me."

"In that case you had better continue to look after him, if you think his mother would like you better than a stranger to be his nurse." "I am sure she would, ma'am, poor dear victim that she is."

"I have promised his mother to adopt him, and bring him up as a gentleman, therefore I wish you to devote all your time to his management. Can you do this if I make it worth your ;kilo ? " "Yes, ma'am. Laundry work ain't so easy or profitable for anyone to let it stand in the way of a better job." "Then that is decided," said the Duchess indifferently. "You are in my service after this, and your sole duty will be to attend to this infant. You must spare no expense, but get everything that he may require. My solicitor will pay you what salary you fix your services at, also settle all bills and accounts. HaNe you a good doctor here ? " _

"Yes, ma'am. Dr. Aimhttrst is the best man and the cleverest doctor in England, barring none." Valerie smiled more broadly than before. "You can employ Dr. Aimhurst while you and the child stay in Londo;, but I wish you to take him to the country as soon as possible, where he may have fresh air. Not just yet, but as soon as the weather will permit. My solicitor will take a house for you when you have decided where you would like to live. This good doctor will advise you. I think that is all we need arrange at present." She thought for a moment as she sat drumming her gloved fingers on the table, and then she said suddenly : "By the way, it will be best for this child, and his mother also, not to see each other more than is strictly needful. I wish him to grow up under the impression that his mother is dead." "0 ma'am, surely you ain't going to part mother and child. She is innocent as this baby of what she was convicted of. I can swear that, knowing her as I do, and as you must also, if you are art old friend of hers." _ _ _

..,. The Duchess looked, with a slight puckering of her arched brows, at Mrs. Hambly. While she frowned she registered another vow in her mind, which was that she would get rid of this officious old woman, as soon as she could find a more suitable nurse for the brat. She said, however, smoothly: "There are many good reasons why this child Xould not know anything about his mother when he grows up. Reasons which his mother fully understands and endorses."

"It will brcak 'er 'elrt, poor gal," answerod the kindly old woman, with a catch in her voice, while her eyes grew misty. "Never have I seen any mother so bouncpkv in 'er blessed baby as this one's mother was. Lthe'd go through fire and water to save him from a scratch. Yes, ma'am, it'll break 'er 'eart, as it a'most do mine to think of it. Pardon me, ma'am, for seeming to hobject, and kindly excuse them tears. But if you could have seen that y-ow.ig lonely wife and mother with her baby. How she watched him afilling hout as if it 'ad been the most wonderful work in creation—which it is all the same—t he growing of a baby from a little bit of red shapele,sness into a blooming cherub. Had you seen how she watched these little legs and harms Milling out until he became what he is now, a butter-ball of creamy whiteness, softness and beauty. Look at them harms, ma'am, and them fat kicking legs, did you hever see the likes of them for shapeliness and cunning dimples? Look at them wrists and hankies ; them little loves of 'ands and them purty feet. Could any woman let this go from her arter she had once howned it, kissed it and cuddled it to her bosom ? " The old lady was not at the present moment able to see the charms she was so freely exhibiting to those unsympathetic and loathing eyes. She could see neither the baby that she was wetting with her hot, tears, nor the woman she was so vainly appeal- ing to in behalf of the absent mother. And the baby lay placidly in her lap, sucking at its bottle of milk while its sky-blue large eyes stared vaguely out on space. The Duchess sat impatiently drumming her gloved fingers on the table, until Mrs. Hambly paused for want of breath rather than lack of subject. Then she said: "I have arranged that the mother should see the child. once more, and once more only. An intima- tion, with an order to visit her in prison, will be sent to you, (n the next visiting day, a month hence. I shall order some nice baby things and have them sent on to you. Then you can take him down so that she may bid him farewell." Something in the tones of the Duchess dried the tears that were flowing so freely, and arrested the harangue that was about to burst from Mrs. Hambly. "Whoever this lady is," thought the good woman, "she's a 'ardened one, as nothing I can say will melt." "Very well, ma'am, I will obey your horders," she said meekly, wiping her eyes with a corner of her apron. "You may write, if you like, to the mother, and assure her that the child is well and thriving." "Please, ma'am, that's more nor I can do. School Boards wasn't invented in my young days." "My solicitor will write for you in that case. He will call upon you and arrange with you to- morrow most likely."

She rose as she spoke and took out her pocket- case.

"Won't you kiss the purty dear, ma'am ? " "No! lam not used to babies, but there is a little present for him, and also something for you." She placed two crisp twenty-pound bank notes on the table.

"May I ask your name, ma'am ? " "There is my card and London address."

"I am sorry, ma'am, but I cannot read any more than I can write. My heducation never got so far."

"Well, I am the Duchess Valerie di Idumea, and my present address for the rest of this week will be the Hotel Cecil. After that I intend going for a long voyage. My solicitor will, however, arrange everything with you." Mrs. Hambly almost dropped her precious bundle at the unexpected honour vouchsafed to her. She started to her feet horrified that she had dared to sit in such a presence. _

"'Eaven help me, aa'am—your Duchess-ship, I mean. I 'opes as 'ow you'll kindly hoverlook my seeming want of respeck ? " "Good-bye, Mrs. Ilambly," said Valerie, graciously bending her head as she passed out smiling, leaving the worthy washerwoman open- mouthed and speechieSs staring after her. "Well I never. Who'd 'ave thought it!" said the honest woman to her unconscious charge, as soon as the beautiful and splendid vision had passed out of her sight. "A real, live Duchess taking up Lewis John. Why your fortune's made, my putty lambkin. I might ha' known though, if I had only thought about it, that she was sommut out of the hordinary. She was so beautiful and so hicy cold and dignified. Of course. a Duchess couldn't he

===== 0002601_18990915_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XX.

TIIE GADFLY.

The steam yacht Gadfly was the most perfect and beautiful production that money could purchase or shipbuilding craft turn out. To term it a yacht, in the strict sense, was decidedly a misnomer. A fairy-like cross between a pleasure steamer, an ocean liner, and a naval gunboat more strictly described it. It had all the aft state and luxury of the most up-to-date of ocean liners. All the comforts of those huge floating hotels on a cottage or bungalow scale. A compact and most refined and tasteful floating cottage as fashionable ladies comprehend cottage life. Of remarkably light draught considering its size, it was a model of strength, completeness, speed and beauty. The captain and crew were specially picked men of tried abilities and experience. Each sailor on board held a master's certificate, and nearly every man also was qualified to act as pilot in different parts of the navigable world. The Duchess Valerie gave captain's wages to her ordinary sea- men, and insisted on having none but experienced skippers to serve her. It had not been difficult either for her to secure this crew of young, select and certificated men. In every vessel that sails out of the ports there are in the forecastle captains and mates forced to accept the duties and wages of A. B. 's. These men have all the experience, all the training, all the know- ledge, and all the talents required to manage a ship and control a crew. One thing only they lack, and that is influence. Therefore, they are forced to knuckle down and often take their orders from a callow but hopeful young fellow who only knows as yet enough to have scrambled through his examina- tion. The experienced sailor and the experienced soldier without influence learn to accept the positions which destiny assigns to them, as do many other men in other professions learn to obey their young and unsophisticated masters. Socrates dearly loved his jest, yet, being a poor man all his life, he learnt to wrap it—the joke— within many folds of flossy silk. He loved his young masters of Athens also, who praised the floss wrappings round his hidden jest; who answered his modest questions without suspicion. Ah! Socrates was a true philosopher. He apologised to everyone he had offended, until, sick of Xantippe, sick of Athens, and life in general, he refused to apologise to the gods. Therefore, he took the hemlock and delivered himself of a few free senti- ments before he passed on to the Unknown. As the sage Socrates did, so do men, when they can so longer endure their insolent masters. The Duchess Valerie, in choosing the crew of her steam ship Gadfly, did not study influence. With her astute business acumen, she made three con- ditions only. That their record should be a good one; that their certificates were bond-fide, and that they could produce evidence of their experience and proficiency in home and foreign waters. She required practical, not gaseous seamen. She wanted also men whom she could herself trust and place confidence in. Her heart and fancy were centred on one man only, therefore she did not pick the most attractive applicants who had passed before her. In this she did not act according to her sex's usual custom; but then she owned a valuable vessel, and was besides a half-daughter of Israel. The Duchess Valerie conducted her own business on such occasions, and carefully examined each applicant. If the credentials satisfied her, she deputed her private detective to discover all about his proclivities and antecedents. To the officers she had chosen she left the duty of finding out whether this applicant could substantiate his credentials. Acting on these principles, she had secured perhaps the bravest and finest body of men, from the ordinary seaman up to the skipper, from the stoker up to the chief engineer, that it was possible for any ship to carry. The Gadfly had cost her a fortune to fit up, but at Cowes and elsewhere it was a thing of pride and joy to the ocean initiated. The crew also were sans reproche, and the fair owner did not cavil about their price. The skipper and officers would not have exchanged their berths for any other craft that floated. In the Gadfly they had something to officer which drew their hearts out. The crew might have desired to command the Gadfly, but they would rather serve in her than command a less perfect craft. The Duchess Valerie, as she selected her sub- ordinates, also chose, with the same wise foresight, her guests. Her cousin Eric St. Arnoul she had pardoned for his former shortcomings, and as he was her closest kin, she invited him first to join her in her expedition. To please him and make the time pleasantly she selected acquaintances who were either distinguished for their social qualities or for their exploits in the fields of war, adventure and sport. They were going to regions where steady nerves and cheerful dispositions were likely to be of more service than pedigree. It is needless to describe in detail the passengers of the Gadfly when she left England. Suffice it to say that both lady and gentlemen adventurers were eminently well-bred and agreeable people, also that they all felt delighted at the privilege which had been proferred to them. They were going on a most delightful voyage, with no settled programme. Their hostess was the raost charming and lavish of entertainers. All their desires and ideas of comfort would be gratified on board that magical craft, and at the end of this delicious trip each had the prospect of making their fortune on the cold-fields.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS)

" EXAMINER," SEPTEMBER 15TH, 1899.

All communications including solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the " Draugtts Editor," " Examiner" Office, War- rington, and must twich the office not later than the first post on F rtIDAY morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enquiries.]

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. J. EVANS, WARRINGTON : Have awarded you the points. SOLUTION OF PROBLEM 1N o. 49. BY MR. E. OGDEN, WARRINGTON. Black men on 13, 17,18, 26, and 28; Kings on -3, 4,9, 25, and 29. White men oa 12, 14, 16, 20, and 27; Kings on 2,5, 7, and 10. White to move and win.

27-23 9-18 20-16 4-11. 18-27 12— 8 12-19 7-32 16-11 3-12 11— 8 W. wins. PROBLENI No. 50. SELECTED.

[BLAcx 3

===== 0002601_18990915_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
White to move and win.

SOLVERS LEST. Previous Problem Total score No 48. Pts. J Lee, Warrington W Rigby, Warrington 6O 2 62 W Hewitt, Warrington ...... E Donaghy, Padgate ....... -....- M 2 56 H Powell,Warrington . 52 2 54 T P Forbes. Warrington E Ogden, Warrington 46 2 48 ,T Rickers, W arrington 42 2 44 0 Rowe, Warrington W Mas,ey,Warrington ..... W Darlington, Penketh 3B 2 40 J J Foden, Warrington 36 2 38 J Green, Warrington 34 2 36 J Evans,Warrington . _ A Rutter, Warrington 32 2 34 A Banner, Warrington: 2B 2 30 "B J P" Warrington 26 2 28 S Albinson, Stockton Heath— 24 24 "C P." Warrington 2O 2 22 W E Kean. Warringt0n...,........ 16 16 F Wright.Warrington..-- ....... - 8 2 10 G Lowe, Warrington ....-... ..... .10 10 JR Grieve, Warrington. R Mercer. Padgate J Ross, Penketh S Tavlin,Warrington ....-.. NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this competition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 53, instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor. ---

In connection with the above competition we may state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if he chooses, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows : Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction. Intending cmpetitors may commence at any time.

For the following interesting game we are in- debted to the "Birmingham Weekly Post ": OrtOsS. 9-14 15-24 7-10 23-27 18-22 22-18 28-19 14- 7 5- 9 7-11 5- 9 4- 8 3-10 27-32 23-18 25-22 29-25 13- 9 9-14 11 -16 11-16 8- 11 5-14 32-27 18-23 24-19 17-14 18- 9 14-18 16-20 8-11 10 -17 10-14 (a) 2- 7 23-27 22-17 21-14 27-18 18-14 20-16 9-13 16-20 14-23 27-23 19-20 18- 9 25-21 9- 5 14 -9 28-19 13-22 1- 5 12-16 7-10 27-24 26-17 23-18 5- 1 9- 6 19-15 6-22 11-16 16-19 10-15 24-19 30-26 21-17 32-23 6-10 31 -23 11-15 16-23 20-24 15 -18 Draw. 26-17 17-13 1- 5 10- 7 ) Black missed a win here by 19-23, 28-19, 27-32. ,ck wine. Po3ition at (a). Black to move and win. [nrAcK.]

MUT 1r . 1 NEWS OF THE GAME. In a letter to Mr. Crookston, of the " Falkirk Mail," Mr. R. Jordan says of the proposed Barker match—" It will be much better for me to come home first, as to go via San Francisco, accompanied by Mrs. J., means about £53 for rail fares to Chicago, and as they can only offer one engagement, they prefer that course themselves. I should like to visit America, but I don't see why it should be taken to benefit Barker, who declines to allow the usual expenses. He seems te imply that the various centres won't guarantee anything unless I consent to play him on his own terms: If this is so, why, I would rather play the match in Edinburgh, where I would be quite agreeable to allow him expenses, and I can visit America, after- wards if successful. lam writing to Mr. M.'Ateer to whom I am likely to suggest the Ferrie-Jordan or Stewart-Jordan style of restriction. This about. covers all he says upon this subject. Going on to speak of the colonial players, he says— "l have met pretty nearly all the cracks except Mar. There is some talk of a subscription match but Mar is only inclined to play friendly games and rm not. Boreham, of New Zealand, was going to play me for the championship, but after he lost abeut 10 to Ihe thought better of it. I played 31 games with Brodie-12 to 0, 19 drawn Last night I played 21 games simultaneous—won 20, 1 draw. Passey and Abrahams were both playing, and lost. Mrs. Jordan has gone on to Melbourne, where I will join her in two weeks, as I must be there in time for town and country match. I did not care much for New Zealand,but it is a splendid place for business. The celonies on the whole are a splendid place for working men, especially unskilled labourers. In New South Wales labourers on Government relief works have a standard wage of 6s per day, and anyone settling do v% n can live as cheaply as nt ',erne. Remind me to all friends."— Liverpool Mercury.

The small diagram will enable our re sclera to understand the notation by which the movcs ot the game are recorded. Black eupies the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. T.ha figures thus (11-15) indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so numbered.Blacl: has the opening move RV the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

-.mon '6171;a,;,,' 8 reg 7/- 28 • 4 „in 18 121409 pig / •.;;, 39 , • • • ' ;

===== 0002601_18990915_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-9; B 1

===== 0002601_18990915_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON UNION ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

APPEAL BY THE UOKPORATION. A meeting of tufa Committee was held in the Bard R.Tmoln at the Workhouse, on Friday. Mr. G. Pilling pre- idled, arid t' re were as present Messrs. A J Jolley, A Jolley, S Davir-s, J Clarke,T Halters, William Houghton, J Johnson, J Biulidge, with Mr. J C Sutton (clerk), Nir. S tton (assistant clerk), Mr. Owen (valuer) and Mr. Tuns.-.all (assistant overseur.) THE ASSESSIIENT OF MESRS. FLETCHER RUSSELL'S NEW WORKS. Mr. F mrshaw appealed against the assessment of Messrs. Fletcher Russell's new works. He stated that a lug m portion of time land at Wilderspool was not occu- pied. The company wislyd it to be considered as un- occupied land in basing the assessment. Mr. OWEN said Mr. F4rbtaa.w was quite right. In his ass,mssim nt of the works he had based it on tno area of laud that was fenced in. He was aware that a quantity of time land was unoccupied at present by building, but he supposed the tommitne would allow a rebate until it was occupied. It wa decided that Mr. Owen should report on the area at present unoccupied. Mr. FORSHAW then referred to the company's works at Tnynne-street and said they were unoccupied at the present time. There was,however, an engine and boiler

thme. Mr. OWEN po,Tre I out that if the company took out the engine and bller the works could not be assessed at all. It was decided to reduce the assessment to £5O gross and £4O net.

THE HAYDOCK PARK RACECOURSE. Mr. DAVIES, of the Haydock Park Racecourse Com- pany appi.aled against the assssment of the new race- mrse and said no one would he prepared to give any- thin4 like £3,000 for the prverty. The asgessment was rot in confuemity with the assessment of other nice- coarses and he gave several instances where the assecis- ment wa- much less for racecourses. The CLERE : Suppose we keep to Lancashire. Cmn you tell me the assessment of the Manchester Race- course? .

Mr. DAVIES said he could net give that one. But. it was one of the flee it racr-ceurses in the kingdom and was the owners absolute property. There were 200 stables connected with it whereas at Haydock there were only 75. Ac Mencaester they would also take three times as much m eney a i at Haydock. The CLERK: Fleve you got a statement showing your profits for the pest twelve months. Mr. DavlEs . We have no steteiment for this year. Our year clues not end until December. The CLERK : What would the profit be last year? Mr. DAVIES : £1,400. Mr. BILLINGE: here will be more meetings thie year I think ? Mr. DAVIES : S x meetings will be held this year ; three fiat race meetings and three hurdle races. It will only be an increase of one flat race meeting, and these are the most important. Tee Ceeme : Toe only course the Assessment Com- mittee can take is to a k for a statement of accounts because the assessment depmds upon what a hypothe- tical tenant would be prepared to pay for the pro- perty. The Committee decided after same discussion to let the asset senene stand as it had been fixed until the end of the year when the Company's balance sheet will have been pie pared. Mr. DAVIES : I take it that we must pay the rates as demanded on the present assessment until then, and in the eveur, of a reduction bin ; made we shall be allowe I a rebate on the rates paid. The CLERK : That will be subject to an arrangement with the A-sistant Overseer. THE WINWICK ASYLUM FOR IMBECILE BOYS. Mr. MUSPRATT 0- the Lancash re Asylums Board apnealed against the assessment of the hall at Win wick now us..cl as a lueatie asylum for imbecile boys. The aic,Stnent sf the h was previously £225 n and it had row boon increased to £340.—1n cross-examination by Nit. 0 men, Mr. Muspratt admitted that a laundry had been added fitted up with machinery. It was de- cide to reduce the asse-ement to £285 net. THE ASSESSMENT OF CORPORATION GAS AND WATER WORKS. The 'Drell C:erk who was accompanied by Mr. New- bigging of Mancheeces, aril Mr. Hadcb ck (gas engineer) appeaci aeaiast the re-assessment of the gas and water properties of the Corporation. The CLERK submitted to the committee a statement respecting the re-assessments which have increased the amsunt to :—Waterworks, Warrington, gross £6.277, rateable £5.556 ; Winwick, gross £2,796, rateable £2,331 10s; Heegbton, gross £372 104, rateable £329 15s tGtalg, £9,445 104 gross, rateable £8,217 53. The Cur- poratien, he said, appealed against these totals on the ground of (wer- assessment. In explanation of the advis-d values beyond published accounts, evidence was derived out of statements of profits publicly made by members of the Town Coon it in csnnection with the promotion of a Bill in Parliament to enable a further ex- tensi in of their waterworks. From the same source it was learned that substantial annual proeressien of pro- fits attended the sale of water. According to a recent explanation given by the Chairman of the Finance Com- committe the capital ‘74,1113 of Corporation astets approaches to one million pounds sterling. It was reasonable to conclude that the capital value of gas and water works were important items in consection with that estimate. To avoid litigation and the better to enable the committee to arrive at an equitable adjestmeat the Town Council might he asked to submit accounts as farrows :—(1) A statement of capital in each one ef several past years, say five years ; (2) a statement of revenue in each one of the same years ; (3) a statement of sums fixed in wages, salaries and actual working expeatei in each one of the same years ; these accounts to he no prep ,red as to enable your committee t estimate the annual value to the hypothetical tenant, who is not to b taken as a tenant for the year only, but as if a tenant from year to re et* for an indefinite time. With refit—rice to the Gas -Works these works stared in the valnatinn list in force thus : Wartineton, gross £13.696, rateable £9,541. Many of the above remarks applied to gas works, correspnndine statements being similarly necessary to equitable adjustment. In 1882 he (Mr. Sutton) advised the then assessment committee upon the principle qf rating of such works. Proceeding. Mr. Sutton added that these were anneals which affected the do rnmittoe to a large extent. He suggested that the committee shott'd a.sk for the state:nents he had referred to, to be suppi.d. The Tows LERK said he desired to ask for an adjournment of the appeal in order to enab'e the Clerk of the C immittae and the Corporation to go into the matter. The ssLmgment of the gas and water works was a very intricate matter and required careful con- sideration. Re would not go into the matter that morn- line but simply ask f r an adjournment. Toe CHAIRMAN StatA that tee C,,TnMit'PO would require a statement giving the information indicated by the Clerk. The Tows CLERK said be purposed preparing such a statemenn Mr. BILLINGS m -veer] and Mr. Davies seconded a resolution that the censideration of the appeal be adjouraed for two months. This was agreed to. THE VALUER'S REPORT. Mr. OWEN in nis report stet d that since the last meeting he had made the following inspections and valuations :—Messrs. Garside and Jolley, King-street, Warrington appealed against assessment, gross £45, rateable. .-P,38. Parr of the premises were occupied by Mr. Isaac. The assessment should he struck out, and others entered, as follows :—Messrs. Gravid° and Jolley, printing rooms, gross £3B, rateehle £2B; Mr J. B. Isaac, basement, gross £l3, rateable £ll. Mr. William Owen appealed against ass-ssments on land at Arpley. These assessments represent lands now let in tenancy to Mr. Owen, at a rental of £9O. They should therefore be reduced to gross £9O. rateable £B3 in one assessment. The area of and is 114 acres. Mr. James skelland, house, 63, Bewseyeitreet, gross £4O rateable £34. This assessment should now be struck out, as the house has been divided into two occupations' new assessments entered as follows :—Mr. James Sleelland, house 63a, Betesey-street, gross £l9, r iteable £l6 ; Mr. .1 Coliedge, shop and house, 63, Bewsey- treet. gross £3O, rateable £25 10s. Messrs. The Manchester and Liverpool Trans- port Company, Limited, late Bishops Wharf Shipping Co., again appealed against their various assessments, and he was requeetel to go into the matter, to see whether a further reduction could be mecle in Conse- quence of the conceeeione given by the C ;serration. He found that these concessions were taken into account at the last valuetions, so that on their accc tot, further reductions could not be male. It would, therefore, be for the committee to consider the ghestion as a whole. The ti tat of the ass a ment is gross £215 10s. The report wag

TO TENDER-SKINNED MEN BRAVE with OUTIOURA SEATING SOAP, and before cleansing the face rub on a bit of CIITICURA Oint- ment. Wash off with CUTICURA TotLET SOAP and HOT WATER. This treatment makes shaving a i pleasure and comfort to those with tender, n- tlamed, easily irritated skin.

Sold throughout the world. British depots F. Nitvrasity Sons, London. POTTZB D. mule. Coar., Props., Boston, U.S.A.

....., ~,... V 4- ora Adi \(o1i • 1 i

===== 0002601_18990915_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE LISTS AT

WA lt ItIN GTO N.

Mr. J. T. Foard, barrist.er-e-law, held an evening sit- ting in the Council Chamber at the 'Town Hall, Warring- ton, on Friday night for the purpose of revising the lists of voters for the Borough. -Mr. Cla,yt.qa (Liberal Agent) represented the Liberal Asseciation, and Mr. Holbrook .(Conservative Agent) the Conservatives. There were also present Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy town cierk). Mr. J. L. Tunstall (assistant ovorseer), Mr. Garnett and Mr. Aukland (relieving officers). The claims including re-claims numbered 403 and the objections 3M. There are 110 than last year, when thre were 50 less than previous sears.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIDGER CLAIM ALLIWED.

Henry (lordla Robertes, s'm of Alderman Roberts, clannea a lod•zer's vote in respect Qt a bedromn on the firs; fllor, panly furni,thed,and a room on the first fbor, unfurnished, at Rook YLllas, ACkers-lane. The rent paid tor them wa,, £25 per annum.— ['he vot was ailowei.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TENANT'S WIFE THE LICENSEE

The Liberals objected to the vote of Mr A F G Potter, for premises at 19, Levely-lane.- -Mr. Clayton said the objection was that these were liceased prcmies and the licensee was Mr. Potter's wife.—Tue Revising Barrister : I suppose the tenancy is in your name P—Mr. Potter : Yes.—Mr. Clayton : But is not your wife recognised as the tenant by the brewing firm, owing to an objection on their part, t have you as licensee, due to your con- n.ction with the firm P—Mr Potter : It is simply a matter of arranrment between myself and wite.—Mr Clayton: If anything went wrong , who would be responsible P—MrPotter : I should be responsible.— Mr Clayton : But not to the licensingOuthorities (Tithe Revising Birrister) : It is a q restion of an in- dividual being a licen6ee and responsible to the licensing authorities.—rhe Revising Barrister : Tnat is nothing. Here is a letter from Messrs. Peter Walk #r and Sons ceri ifving that Mr. Arthur Potter is new and has been for ten years unite' erruptedly the tenant of 19. Lovely- hue. If from ino:ives of convenience or they Preferred for reasons of their own that somsbedy else's name should appear as thiant there is no breacn of the law. Mr. Potter is in fact the actual tenant and Ido nct thirlk that it makts any difference be- the license is not in his own n Mr. Clayton : The only thing is that licenses must be given to resi lents. Are you in the employ of Messrs. Walker and Sons ?—Mr. Potter: Yes. —The Revising Barrister : The vote seems to be all right.—Mr. Potter : I think it is a frivolous objection, it has been raised three yoars in successioa.—The Revising Barrister : I have never heard it raised before.—Mr. Clayton : I think it can scarcely be called frivolow.—The vote was allowed.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. HEAVY CLAIMS FOR EXPENSES. STRONG RE !ARKS.

Mr. James T. Foard, barrister-at•taw, continued his revision of the lists of Peri amentary voters, burgesses, county electors and parochial electors in the Council Chamber as the Town Hall on Monday morning at ten o'clock. The Liberals were again represented by Mr. John Clayton (agent). and the Conservatives by Mr, 4V.1 jam Holbrook (agent), Mr. J. L. Tunstall (assistant overseer) was also in attmodance, as well as several re- lieving officers. The liberals objected to the vote of Mr. Edward Davy, of VVinwick-raad, but the vote was allowed. He claimed his expenses and stated that he wps a brick- layer. The Barrister; How much do you want? Mr. Davey ; 103 —The Barrister: Nonsense ! You will go back to you work, won't you 9—Mr. Davey: Not to-day, sir.—Me. Clayton : It is raining, sir.—The Barrister : I will Yve you 5s , and you are well paid. —Mr. Davey then left toe room apparmtly disappointed with the payment. The Liberal, also objected to the vote of William Holloway, of 77,Dudley-street,but the Rev sing Barrister allowed the vote. The man then asked for expenses for loss of time in attending the Court. He stated that he was an ironworker earning 15s a day. He had had to pay extra labour that inorning.—The Barrister : I doe't believe your waves as a workingman are 15s a day. You must not expect ms to believe that. All I can do is to allow yol 73 61. I think that is probably more than you would have earned.—Applicant : I shall be out of pocket. —Mr. Clayton : This was, I think, a proper eas t for inquiry.—The Batrister : I think it is too bad for men to make such claims as these, as on the face of them they are unreasonable. They will COMs wad claim £5 soon, and think they are doing what is right. At the conclusion of the business for the thy, the Barrister observed that the lists appeared to be in admir- able order this year. —Mr. Clayton : Yes, they are the best lists in my experience.—The Barrister : I must congratulate the overseers.—Mr. Holbrook : They are exceedingly good, there is no doubt about it.—Mr. S. Dunbobbin (who assists the Liberal agent) : Thy are the best in my experience, and I have had a little experi- ence —The Barrister : They are exceedingly good. TUESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. The Revising Barrs,er continued r_ he revision of the lists on Tuesday morning. The number of claims and objections beard was very few,and they were quickly dis- posed of. At the close, the Revising Barrister commented upon the lightness of the work. He said the list was the lightest they had ever had.—Mr. Clayton remarked that people did not like to appear before the Revising Barris- ter. They were shy. (Lauehter.)—Mr. Foard said the lbwioess was light because the agents had so effectually cleared the liar. They had apparently been pretty rigid in their investigations. He thought that made a differ- ence.—The court was adjourned to Wednesday morning.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNE SDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Mr. J. T Fierd concluded his revision of the lists of voters of Warrington en Wednesday morning, when the process known as "starring" was gone through. At the conclusion of the business, M. Clayton, the Lberal agent, said,it gave him much pleasure to propose a vote of thanks on behalf of the Liberal party to the Revising Barrister for the manner in which he had received the officials and various other persons who had been befere him. They had received the same courtesy that they had int t with in previous years. Perhaps the work had been rather light ,r than usual, and there was no doubt that was owing to the exceilenc way in which the assistant overseer and his staff had prepared the lists. He might say that clarieg his experience of twelve yews in Wa.rrington and evea beyond that, he had never come across lists which were better prepared. Mr. Holbrook, the Ceneervativ. a agent, on behalf of his party, had pleasure in endorsing what Mr. Clayton had sail. l was the first time they bad hat a really good list, with regard to its immunity from chrical mistak, s. It was the best list he had: ever seen in con- nection with the Borough, and great credit was due to Mr. Tunstell and his staff. He thanked the revising barrister for the eourteous attention he had given to them. The Revising Barrister stid he was much obliged for the compliment paid to him. He quite agreed with what had been said about the list, the condition of which had materially lightened th:ir labours. Though there had been a large increase on the register in the number of voters, so far as his recollection went they had got throuth the business with much less fric•ion or labour than they had ever had befere. It was perhaps thought outsid a that the work was merely rou'ine and that they merely had to put in an attendance and there came out a fully prepared register. There was a great deal of laborious work in correc'ing the materials for the press and haying them accurately printed. 'There:was 'considerable trouble in obtainine correetlyethe names and addreesss. He thoueht the list taken generally reflected a good deal of credit upon those responsible for it, and was an admirable example for future preparation. He must say that he had had the gratest possible assistance from the agents. Mr. Tunstall returned thanks on behalf of the over- seers. The condition of the list he sad was due to a system of organisation which the experience of years had built op, and the credit of it was chiefly due to Mr. Smith. The list undoubtedly was an exeellent one, coo- sider'ne the short time they had had at their disposal for its preparation. He thought it would not be poseible to improve upon the list. Ile could say that without impropriety, because he ha I nothing to do with the work. Be had left the whole of the work to Mr. Smith. The proceedings then terminated.

GCOD TEMPLARS' CONVENTION. i The monthly session of the 1.0.G.T., No. 1 Con- vention, South West Lancashire, was held on Saturday in the Gospel Temperance Hall, Widnes. Bro. Prancis, C.C.T., (Earlestown,) opened the pro- ceedings at 3 45, when there was a good number of representatives and visitors from W arrington, St. Helens, Earlestown, Haydock,Widnes, Atherton and Sutton. Bro. Newman, C. Secretary, (Earlestown,) gave his monthly report, showing that good pro- gress was being made throughout the area. The report was unanimously adopted. The report of ' the Executive Committee was read by Bro. New- man, and showed that there were still 'a number of weak lodges in the area, and urging the members to rally round the Gocd Templar flag and to spread the Order. It was decided to hold the next session at Haydock on 3ctober 14th, under the auspices of the "Samaritan " lodge. A vote of thanks was ordered to be sent to !aro. A. E. Eccles, P. e. Treas., (Chorley,) for a gift of books, etc. Bro. O'Brien, (Warrington) thanked the Convention for the vote of condolence sent to him on the death of Bro. Shipman (London.) Sister Duncan, P.D.V.T., (Liver- pool,) gave a very good address and related her experiences of her recent visit to the International Supreme Lodge in Canada. Sister Duncan then pret•ented a regalia to Sister Harrison, a member of Ithe Juvenile Temple for bringing 21 new members during the quarter. The Widnes members were thanked for the arrangem-n's made for the session, after which the members at down to a sub,tantiai tea. After tea, a public meeting was held, the chair being occupied by the Rev. Mr. Chapman. Eloquent addresses were delivered by Sister Duncan,Brothers Francis, Woods and Newman. Songs and recitations were given by Sisters Duncan and Nurse, and Brothers Sheath, Nurse and Harrison.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINE E, FRI DAY, SEPTEMBER l5, _ 1899. WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRIOT COUNCIL. TIL: WORKMEN'S HOURS.-PETITION FROM THE MEN.

A tneeting of this Council was held in Be wsey Chambers on Wedil:fsi3.y afternoon. Mr. Joshua Ball presided and there were als3 present : 111essrs. H. Thornton, A. Broks,R. Forshaw, J. W. Knowle;, William Houghton, To:Halton, J. Johnson, J. Dignum, W. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assis- tant clerk), T. Thompson (surveyor) and Kerfoot (nuisance inspector). THE COST OF DEPUTATIONS. The CLERK report,Jd on th 3 attendance of a d3puta- tion to Spothampt4n at a congress there. Tne hotel keepers at Souttiamp'ma had resolved upon a uniform charge for hotels daring the conzress and the expenses were consequently heavy. The deputation had decided to make an inclusive charge of one guinea per day, which he might say did not cover all expenses.—Mr. Thornton: How many went P—me Clerk: Two.— The expenses were allowed. THE ADJUSTMENT WITH THE LEIGH COUNCIL. The CLERK read a letter from the Clerk to the Leigh Rural District Council ackcy.wledging the receipt of a civque amlunting to £BB 53 34 balance on "adjustment account."

THE SURVEYOR'S EXPENSES.

The ASSISTANT CLERK reported that he bad examined the Surveyors c t9h book for the three fortnights endinz August 5, 19, and September 2, and he found it to be eorroet. The total amount expeacisd on wages Was £232 1818 d and on team labour £146 63 51, total £379 53 ld.—Tae report was ariopted.

Committee it was decided that the Surveyor should be instructed to communicate t 3 the workmen of the Coun- cil, that on and after Monday, August 21st, the hours of work would be on ordinary week-days, 6.30 a.m., to 5.30 p.m., and on Saturday, 6.30 a.m., to 4 p.m., half-an-hour boing allowed for breakfast, and one hour for dinner in each day. The SURVEYOR said he had received a petition from the workmen of the Council which said that they did no agree with the new arrangement, They desired walking time for work which was at a distance of over two miles, and they also objected to work until 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. They found that all the works in the district ceased work at one o'clock, and that they had holidays during the year, whereas the council's workmen did not enjoy the same privileges. They could not be classed with agricultural labourers. They res- pectfully asked the Council to reconsider their thcision. Mr. TRamesox pointed out that the petition was signed by thirty-five workmen, and they included all with the exception of one, Mr. KNOWLES made a suggestion that the men be al- lowed to start work at 6 o'clock and that they be al- lowed a quarter of an hour per mile walking time for over two miles and that they finish at one o'clock on Saturday. On the short days of the year he suggested that they should be employed until four o'clock on Saturday. Mr. J. HALTON said he had had a conversation with the surveyor respecting the time sheets of the men and the surveyor promised that he would advise a scheme which would meet the difficulties within a short period. He suggested that the matter should be left over for a month and then Mr. Thompson could also asuggeet a scheme for working hours as well as for the time sheets and the arrangement for payment of wages. Mr. THORNTON suggested that they should do away with the present system altogether of employing the roadmen, and let the work out on contract. He be- lieved it would prove e nnon3ical to th.s Council in the end.

The SURVEYOR said that the contract system was alto- gether impossible. Mr. HALTON moved a reslution that the matter be adjourned for a mlntb. and that in the meantime the Surveyor be instructed to formulate a scheme dealing with the difficulties in question. Mr. BROOKES seconded. . _

Mr. TFURSTON gave notice that he should move a re- solution that the work be done by contract. Mr. Elalron's resolution was carried, and the Council rose.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PADGATE SPECIAL RATE.

The CLERK rep )rted on the correspondence with the overseers of Padgate with reference to their failure tro pay to the treasurer their social sanitary rate of £5O, due May 17th last. Mr. THORNTON said the rate had been paid under pro- test. The matter was now in the lawyer's hands.

THE NUISANCE INSPECTOR'S REPORT.

Mr. KER-I'OlT in his report stated that witn reference to the nuisance reported at the Catholic school,Martins- croft, he had had an interview with the Rev. Father Lowe, and he had decided to have the privies converted to the pail system. Since the last met ting the Medical Officer of Health ha l reported two deaths from infec- tious disease, one from diptheria at the Fiddle-i'th'-Bag, Burtonwood„and the other from typhoid at Woolston. He had examined the premises but failed to find any sani- tary defects to account for the disease. Both houses had since been disinfected. Mr. Robert Garnett had written to him complaining of the stench from the sewer at Penketh, also adrain,the property of the Council ,empty- hag foul matter into the brook,and a quantity of garbage manure lying on the canal bank at Fiddler's Ferry. He bad to report two houses in the township of Penketh as be!ng without a proper supply of wholesome water for the use of the occupiers, and 'would suggest that notice be given to the owners to connect with the Cor- poration water main. In consequence of complaints received of the bad quality of butter sold in a pro- vision shop in the Council's district, he purchased a sample under the Sale of Food and Drugs Act and for- warded it to J. Carter Bell for analysis and he certified it to be pure butter. 4 certificate under the Pablic Health Water Act 1878, had been granted to Dr. Bennett for a new house erected at Paegate. Adverting to the complaint of Mr. Garnett's, the SURVEYOR stated that he was afraid very little could be done. ro cover the manholes up as had been suzzestei was contrary to the orders of the Local Government Board.

After some discussion, it was decided that t'-ie Clerk should write to Mr. Garnett stating that attention would be paid to his complaint.

THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION TO BE SERVED WITH A NOTICE.

Mr. KNOWLES referred to a nuisance at Lengford caused by the Warrington Corporation. He understood from the Surveyor that the nuisance was caused by a defective drain which the Corporation emptied into the brook. It was a matter which could be easily attended to, and would pievent an offensive smell. He suggested that the Surveyor be instructed to serve a notice on the Corporation, for the abatement of the nuisance. The CLERK : We can compel them to attend to that matter. _ _

_ Mr. KNOWLES : They ar3 responsible for a penalty of £5 if they do not attend to the matter. It was decided that the notice should be served on the Corporation.

PROPOSED NEW BUILDINDi.

Tracings were submitted by the Surveyor for new buildings, and were approved as being in accordance with the bye-laws r—Messrs. Greenall, Whitley St Co.. alterations to Farmers Arms Inn, Fearnhead ; Miss Bolton, alterations to " Heatherlea." P.elketh ; Mr. Albert Payne, 46 houses. Hood-lane, Great Sankey ; house and shop, Hood-lanet.for Mr. Athen Payne ; addi- tional roem. to be used as a dining room for Sankey White Lead Works. PROPOSED IMPROVED ROADS TO EARLEST/WN. The CLERK reported with regard to the letter, dated August 24th. 1899, received from Mr. Shirley, Clerk to the Urban District Council of Newton in-Makerfield, re the cc-operation and assistance of the Warrington Coun- cil in the opening up of a carriage road from Burton- wood to Earlestown. On the 15th October, 1897, he reported to the late Highway Board that it would be better to leave the matter to this Council, seeing that the Board's existence was drawing to a close. The report was acted upon, hence the presence application. The road the Newton Council wished the Council to adopt was almost the whole of the private occupation road from Newton Common Lock to Hall-lane, Burton- wood, having a length of about 1599 yards and a width of from lb to 25 feet. A large sum of money would be required to place the road in the condition of a public highway and, considering the very tew that would be benefitted thereby, he could not advise the Council to accede to the desire of the Newton Council. Mr. KNOWLES asked if it was meant to continue the road from Mr. Longton's Farm through Yule .n into Earleitown ? The CLERK: That is not the road in question. Mr. KN3WLES (continuing) said the presence of the m.mbers was ; but he was told that on that road there was more traffic than on the highway to Dowton. He was there an Saturday and he was astonished at the enormous traffic. Mr. FORSHAW : There is a 'great deal of traffic on that road. Mr. KNOWLES (continuing) said it was a very danger- ous road under the London and North Western Railway Bridge and also at the Bridge over the brook. If the Newton authArity would co-operate with them in levell- ing and making that a better road and the Vulcan Foundry Company would also 3 assist them he thought they wouLt b 3 doing a work that had been waned for a long time. • Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON said he believed part of the road belonged to the Vulcan Foundry Company. Mr. KNOWLES said be thought that was so and he be. Heved that if the Newton Authority as well as their OWn Authority were to approach the Vulcan Foundry Com- pany they would no doubt do something to improve it. The SURVEYOR said the traffic had increased very much indeed lately,on that road. A portion of it was a private road belonging to the Vulcan Foundry Company. They (the Highway Authority) had repaired a portion of it at the other end. Mr. KNOWLES suggested that Mr. Thompson should see the Surveyor to the Newton Authority to talk over the matter, and if thought advisable to see Mr. Coiling- wo )cl of the Vulcan Foundry Company who, he said,was a most enterprising man. The SURVEYOR said the road at the Earlestown end was very good up to a certain point. Mr. KNowtEs said the brook bridge, and the London and North-Western Railway bridge were not wide enough and wer ivery dangerous. He had had two narrow escapes of having a smash there. If the Vulcan Foundry Com- pany would assist the two local authoritiel in widening the bridge and improving the road, he thought it would be of great benefit to the district. Mr. THORNTON thought the representatives for the district connected with the Council ought to have a voice in such a matter. Mr. KNOWLES: Tao Councillor for the district is not here. Mr. THORNTON considered that it was a great mistake when the recommendations of the representatives for the districts were choked. Mr. KNOWLES said he did not know that they had been choked. Mr. THORNTON contended that they haCi, ani that it was a discouragement to the par!sh councils when their recommendations were not attended to. Mr. KNOWLES: Some parish councils are apt to go further than the Rural District Council is inclined to go. Mr. THORNTON: They have a right to be consulted. After further discussion it was decided that the Sur- veyor meet the Surveyor of the Newton Council to talk the matter over and that the subject should be further considered by a future meeting.

THE ROADMEN AND THEIR HOURS.

A discussion ensued as to whether the Press !should be allowed to remain during the discussion relating to the workmen's hours. Mr. BROOKES expreFsed the, opinio that they should be allowed to stay. Mr. THORNTON supported him. On a vote being taken. it was unanimously decided that the Press should remain. It appears that at the last meting a! the Council in

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

THE PROTECrIVE POTENCY.

Why do cows and horses so generally avoid the poison- ous herbs which grow in pastures? '‘lnstinct," you say. What is that? It is a word far somethin -4. nobody under- stands. Lucky, though, for the dumb beaita that they have it. Bar the trait called " instinct " and the poor creatures would be at tie mercy of luck and their appetites.

And it's right along this line that we come in—we human animals, I mean. If there was nothing to stop us doing just what we should like, where do you fancy most of us would fetch up? A five barred gate across the road is a fearful nuisarsce whea a fellow is in a break-n3ok hurry ; bu b3tter that than a spill into a washout just on the furtaer side of it.

Here,on this old pine table of mine, are a lot of letters —all from people who were pretty bad in years agone, but are well now. Thank the Lord for the latter fact, say I, with a sincere upward roll of my eyes ; and they are a heap more thankful for themselves than lam for them.

The pint I want to bring out—and I do seem to be a tidy while at it—is this ; that in nearly all those letters I spoke of the writers say one thing with verbal varia- tions. and say it sadly, plaintively, as if it was one of the most dangerous and melancholy: experiences recor- ded outside of Fox's Book of Martyrs.

" My appetite was poor ;" " I had little or no ap- petite ;" "I had lost all relish for food ;" " I sat at the table, but couldn't swallow a morsel ;" " they tried to tempt me with dainty dishes,but it was no use—l couldn't stand even a taste of tlae best of thenr" And so forth and so on; all these dear goad souls complaining over lhe loss of love for eating, as they might lament the loss of a life's savings through the customary " inexplica- ble defalcation of this trusted officer of the bank." But was the cessation of appnite under the circum- stances a loss at all ? No, I say. it was a fortunate and providential occurrence ; it was the five-barred gate that kept thorn from tumbling pelt-melt into the wash- out, or into an excavation in the parish churchyard— which comes to the same thing. Hear a witness or two :

"For years," testifies one, " I have been a grea sufferer from indiges:ioa aad waikne is. I was ne v properly well—always weak and low. I had no relish for toed, and at ter meals (scanty and light though they were) I had weight and pain at my chest and back. None of the mediciaes I took helped me a particle. At length I read about how Mother Seigel's syrup had cured persons suffering in this way, and started to try it. The first bottle relieved me ; my app 3tite soon ret Hued, and my ability t 3 digest food corresponded with my enjoyment of it. A little later and the ailment was driven away, and I was stronger and healthier than I bad been since I was first attacked long years.before. For so great a deliver- ance I have reason to appreciate the merits of Mother Seigel's Syrnp—and I do." (Signed):(Mrs.) MARY ANN Woop, 91, Salisbury-itreet, Ilkeston-road, Nottingham, March 1, 1899.

" I can hardly remember," testifies another, " when It was that I began to suffer from indigestion. My story is, of c3ur3e, the same as that of thousands. My appetite fell off and remained feeble Mid poor ; after eating I always had I:distress and pain. Then I com- menced to realise that the disease was telling up on me

I got so weak I could hirdly cceep about. At this time I first heard of Maher Seigel' s Syrup, and began to ueo

it. Tnis remedy quickly relieved me, and hi a reasonable time worked a complete cure. What I think of it and how heartily I commend it you may infer from this fact. I now have a good appetite, and can satisfy it without fear of bad resume." (Signed) J. D. WILLIAMS' Marazion, near Paeztnce, March 23, 1899.

What would happen, think you, if a keen appetit walked hand in hand with a torpid digestion? Turn over the idea of that deadly combinat ion in your mind, No ; when the millstones get clogged, Natu re will let yoia pour no more corn in the hopper. She shuts off the appetite till she can make repairs. And to make them the tool she uses is Mother Seigel's Syrup.

ER'S LITTLE ILL!

IZODO_NT,

'test world.

;anses the teeth and spaces ,Gween them as nothing else 411. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask far SOZODONT. NA&

Sallo\ —aplexion, a,. Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them P'` as to Stay =ea. is. 1I

OUR. LOCA.L CHURCHES.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION._ BANK QUAY..

The harvest thanksgiving services were held in the above Mission on Sunday, when Mr. Collier, of Lowton delivered two eloqueit discourses. A special anthem "The earth is the Lord's"was ably rendered by the choir. There were crowded congregations, and the collecions which were in aid of the trust funds realized a satisfac- tory amount. The building was most tastefully decor- ated with flowers, fruit, and cereals, by the lady friends f the mission.

"FURIOUS DRIVING." This was the subject of the Rev. W. Bracecamp's ad- dress at the weekly meeting of the Men's Bible Class, held in S*. Peter's Church. on Sunday afternoon. The many cases of furious driving heard before the local magistrates recently, he said, had suggested the subj,ct, and he wished to apply the spiritual lessons to be derived from its consideration. He based his remarks on the wcrds " For he (Jehu) driveth furiously " (11. Kings ix. 20). There were many men to-day driving furiously with regard to the evils of drink, gambling, immorality and other sins, and he urged upon his hearers the neces- sity of curbing up before their sins brought them to disaster. Miss Lily Jowett sang two solos, " The Vesper Hymn" and "i The Holy City." in both of which she was heard to advantage. Mr. Webster was at the organ.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY. REFERENCE TO CURRENT TOPICS BY MR. WALLINGTON.

There was more than an average attendance at th 3 meeting of the P.S.A. Society held in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afteinoon. Mr. George Wallington presided and in the course of an interesting address he referred to the inscription over a house in Chester bearing the words " God's providence is mine inheritance." He said these words were a source of comfort to an inhabitant of Chester two hundred years ago during the plague whe most of the inhabitants fled. He proceeded to refer to the great comfort to be derived from them and coin- mended them te the acceptance of his hearers. During the past few cleys he had been very anxious as to what would be the outcome of certain events. One of them was the diffieulty in the Transvaal. He believed there was not the slightest cause for war. (Hear, hear.) He was one of those who struggle 1 for the franchise in this country in 1868 and he was in favour of every man on his becoming twenty-one years of age, having a vote without any trouble. He believed that the franchise could be obtained in the Transvaal without the shedding of blood. (Hear, bear.) He hoped that Go] who held all men in his hands would powerfully move thTs people that right might be done and that people might know that they were not going to be governed and ruled by men whose fear was their money bags. The whele secret of the difficulty was this, tut if there had been tie gold in the Transvaal, Kruger and his people wou'd 'nave been left alone. Our chartered company who were reiponsible for the Jameson raid were trying to force us into war, , bat we must it t them know that we were not in favour lof it. The best newspapers in the country were in favour of a peaceful solution and it was only a few stockbrokers and shareholders in the money market who wanted war. He could not sit down without referring to another matter which ' had occurred just across the channel. Ho confessed he was confounded when he heard Dreyfus had been found guilty and sentenced to ten years imprisonment. His blood bailed, and he was sure their blood boiled also when they read it. He had read that case very carefully since it had come up for revision and he would not hang a cat on the evidence. There had been ne real evidence at all. They might depend upon it that the people of France were blind. The generals of France were knavee, and the ministers of France were as bad. God pity that country that could be in the hands of such fools and knaves. The sentence was an outrage on everything that was right an:l just. There was an old phrase" The end is not yet" and he believed that was so in coenec- don with this case. His sympathies had always been with France, acd he had been of the opinion that the Republic would have been on the side of that which was right. His faith had lren very largely shaken, and if the present position of aff airs in France was the outlome of Republicanism, God help poor France. " God's providence is mine inheritance" and God took an interest in all matters in this world, whether international or local matters. He could not refrain from saying one other thing. The characters of our prominent local mesa were of Some concern to them. They wanted respectable men to cen- duct their local affairs. (Hear, hear.) A. gentleman had said to him " Don't you think Alderman Roberts was wrong in saying what he did ?'' He replied that he dei not think so. When a person got up and charged Alder- man Roberts with taking whisky a greater insult cou'd not have been offered him. It would have been right enough if Dr. Cannel' had said it of so no people, but when he made a charge of that sort against. a man who had been a life abstainer and a man of public standing, he was perfecay justifi,d in telling him it was an infamous lie. Let the members of that Society make it known that they were aaxiou 3 to have men on the council of good character, and that they would remember them at the proper time. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wood, of Warrington then delivered a most interesting Bible address on the lite of Achan. A nom- her of new members were admitted, the membership for the new year exceeding five hundred.

. etc,ft It All - : , LIVER Pll S. Pill. BEAUTIFU.I - Earli, Dose. or all who use " CARTER] Smell Price. ~ . ?rush r .•-• :i7j,%'? •LSOForty in al4 , vial R s . ./1. 'PuagyVege- so. pleasant '• -- -cable. cier Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, bet' - w Coir.ip)--' -,nd wi'

daily on the lew drops of

. so Chanioo6,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CFEURCII. INTERESTING SERMON BY TEIE REV. H. G. ROBERTS.

Preaching at the Bold-street W,sleyan Church on Sun- day evening, tahine• for his subject " The thorn in the flesh," the Rev. H. G. Roberts said that the exposition of the thorn in the flesh was most interesting and valu- able, but it had toe n buried under such a mass Of con- jecture that the simple lessons it contained were hard to reach. The main object had been to discover what the exact nature of the thorn wig. This strife was typical of much sticly of the Bible to-lay, infinite scrutiny of the form without much thought of the end. The preacher referred,to the various theories which had been advanced. When referring to the theory that it was some eternal trial the opposition of the Judazing party , —a party characterised by mali,T,a party that slandered the apostle—he said that some of these characteristics belonged not to one age hut were with vis to-day.

_ THE DISORACEEUL PROCEEDINGS AT THE TOWN COUNCIL MEETING

Alluding to the disgraceful proceedings at the Town Cgiuncil meetinrf, the rev, gentleman sail he was no: traducing the character of our public meta, for many were as distinguished for nobility of character and for their exemplary lives, as for their ability and eloquence. surely the time must COMP, here,in this town when they should make higher demands upon the loyalty of some of their representatives and officials tp the great principals of morality and righteousness which lay at the foundation of their common wealth. He pleaded for a higher ideal of citizenship which was the only thing that would raise the standard of the public life of the town.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DREYFUS CASE.

The Sp.aker also referred to the Dreyfus cis.. He said that St. Paul's earnestness was regardel with sus- picion and condemned. They sneered at it. All the great leaders of the world had been in earnest. Our civil and religious liberty we owed to the enthusiasm of great leaders. John Knox laid the foundation of the liberty of Scotland ; John Wesley revived the religious life of England. It Was the enthusiasm of Garabaldi. Cavours and Mazzini that created a new Italy, and would that Franc. at this critical moment had such mon to control the fierce passions of a wild democracy and unscrupulous aristocracy. God bless Dreyfus and his noble wife. They prayed that Franc 3 might spring on the wings of a better wisdom. CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS.

IsThe rev. gentleman also made allusions to the new rr- ligion the religion of Christian science, and characteriz d it as a mixture of religion and blasphemy, a combina- tion of impudence awl imolk humlitF, of ignorance and religiosity, and a conglomeration of pseudoscience and bastard philosophy.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A HINT FOR THR TOWN COUNCIL,

The preacher closed by showing the differepcebetween the Christian view of suffering, and the `Niew of the stoic. Socrates went astray on that question ; they were solemnly told that he married Xanthippe although aware of her fearful temper. He de- liberately married her in order to learn patience. He affirtned that if he could endure the sneers, criticism, and scorn of his wife evory dav,he would be able to keep himself in check when misrepresented and abused in debate. This mei.hod proved effective, and he (Mr. Roterts) strongly recommended that discipline to some of our public men. In Socrates they saw one of the most cifted men who ever trod this world, mistake the mission of suffering in human life. Suffering was a transfigured thing for the apostle—he auffered fur the sake of something divine.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS MEETING AT LATCHFORD.

LatchfordThe weekly meeting of the Good Tern - plars' Society was held on Monday evening. Bro. Allman presided. The programme was Prayer and praise. .Sankey's hymns were sung, and several prayers offered, while various members gave short addressee.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWSHIP.

At the monthly meeting of the Garibaldi Lodge of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows, held at tbe Blue Lion Inn, on Saturday, under the presidency of Bro. Charles Cbidlaw, N.G., and Bro. R. Blackshaw, V.G., a very pleasant evening was spent. After the usual business had been trans- acted, and the Anniversary Committee had given a satisfactory report, the Secretary, Bro. T. Dickin- ,on, introduced a visiting brother from Hope to Prosper Lodge (Liversedge diitrict), who is an excellent pianist and vocalist. Ile also accompanied Bros. Emson, T. Richardson, J. Richardson, Pester, Hughes, and Perry in their songs. , MOURNING W. T. WILLIAMS makes a Speciality of Family and Complimentary Mourning. Choice Matezials and High Class Dressmaking at Moderate charges. 74, SANKEY-STREET AND 1, LEGII•TRFET, , Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
*4 ]er

OUR SIGNATURE CERTIFIES * our honourable dealing with every one * and all of the two-million people, who drink our tea every day. Yes, our well-known signature, appearing plainly and without any ornament or "Mk other ,mark, on every 'one of all the millions and millions of the celebrated Ark lemon-tinted packets annually put up and sold tay us. is an absolute guarantee that the tea in every one of such packets is ,GOOD QUALITY FULL WEIGHT, GOOD VALUE.

_______ lit * * * Brooke, Bond/ * Bic & Co., LIMITED, TEA MERCHANTS BY * * APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE; * THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES: * 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG * * MILLGATE, MANCHEST ER, AND AT LEEDS. BRADFORD AND LONDON. *1

'4**34lr***K*-11r

ORDER OF DRUIDS.

MERSEY LODGE. WARRINGTON DISTRICT.

A meeting of the above lodge was held at the Bridge Dm on Saturday, for the purpose of presenting P. A. Joseph Oxley with a certificate of merit of the Order, framed in a handsome oak frame, for his servids to the lodge as M.G.A. since its inception nine months ago. The certificate had been illuminated by Bro. Pooloiy,aed was much admired. Bro. D. Houghton, D.O S., pre- sided, and made the presentation on behalf of the lodge. He was sure it would be pleasing to the recipi- ent to be surrounded by so many friends and well-- wishers, which of itself was sufficient to convey to him the esteem and regard of all. Bro. Oxley would pass on that day to a higher degree of their order, and in future would be entit:ed to Past Arch—a tide they considered he had well earned, and would worthily maintain. That mark of distinction,together with that beautiful emblem, were evidences of the good-will and appreciation of his fellow members, for the marked ability he had us- payed in the discharge of his duties as N.G.A. of the lodge. It was a pleasure to him (the chairman) to testify to the faithful and zealous manner in which the work of the lodge had been carrisd on, under the guidance and direction of their past Noble Grand Arch, and ever since he had been ass )ciated with their district he had, by his kindly manner, won the good-will and esteem of his fellow members. (Applause.) The lodge had not only been a success both numerically and financially, but had set an example to older ones to recognize what could be achieved by energy and per- , severance. It was well known that Bro. Oxley had taken pains to instruct members in the principles of the society, endeavouring at all timin to inculcate a spirit of unity, securing the co-operation of each member in furthering the interests of the lodge. He, therefore, on behalf of the members, asked him to receive that pre- sentation from his fellow members, with their best wishes that he might be spared for many years to look upon it as a tokel of their regard and appreci atico-- Bro. Pooley endorsed the remarks of the chairman, and thanked the members for their invit Ltion to be present, giving him that opportunity to wituess how highly they had appreciated Bro. Oxley's services during his tenure of office. He felt proud of the part he took in the open- ing of that lodge and in assisting in the initiation of Bro. Oxley as a member, which was now increased by seeing him raised to the degree of Past Grand Arch— In rising to reply, Bro. Oxley, who was deeply effected said he was greatly rejoiced to think that what he had attempted to do had met with approval, but be was sure they had to generously recognised his services: He hoped ta be spared to do more in the future. He, therefore, begged to thank them, and would prize the presmitatiin as one of the most valuable articles he had. The members and friends then went for a drive into the country, and being favoured with fine weather, the out was much enjoyed. Tea was partaken of on the route, and a game of b )wls indulged in. Returning to the lodge room a smoker was held, members vieing with each 'other in contributing to the harmony of the evening by vocal and instrumental music. A vote of thanks was accorded to the D.C.S. for making the presentation and presiding over the me(ting.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FACTORY GIRL FOUND DROWNED.

INQUEST AND VERDICT. Mr. S. Brighouse,Ncounty coroner, held an inquest at the Warrington Police Station, on Tuesday after- noon, on the body of Mary Ann lioarty, a girl of 19, who was recovered from the Nfersey on londav afternoon.—Michael 1-I.oarty, 85, Sharp-street. said

deceased was his daughter, and was 19 years o-f-a-g; last birthday. She was a factory operative. On Sunday he was working, and she brought him his dinner at noon. He never saw her alive again. His wife brou2ht him his dinner on Monday, and she told him that the girl did not come home till o'clock that morning, haying stayed out all night. She changed her clothes and went to work. He had never seen her do anything that would cause him

to suspect that she would commit suicide. She had stayed out all night before, and he had cautioned her about it. He could not say where she was on Sunday night. He saw her dead on Mon- day afternoon.—lnspector Phillips: Have you ever known your daughter threaten to take her life.— Witness: No Did you hear of her keeping company with any men ?—I don't known that she kept company with any *man.—Do you think she stayed out for somebody ?—I could not say, sir.---The Coroner.—lf i-,he was my daughter I should want an explanation.—Witness : She said once she had been sleeping in a closet and I cautioned her.—The fore- man of the jury (Mr. W. Roberts): I should like to ask if when she has stayed out you asked her where she had been or whom shelhad been with. Witness: She always said she had been in the closet.—Yon have not seen her with anyone ?—No, sir. Sarah Curry, 24, Orford-street, Warrington, a fac- tory hand, said deeeasel came to the factory on Nlonday morning and worked till dinner time. She left the factory with her at 12-40. Instead of going in the direction of home. decease I went towards town. She (witness) did not ask her the reason why she did so. She was not a friend of hers, but she had never noticed anything peculiar about her. John Gibbon, 101, Mersey-street,Warrington, said that at 'one o'clock on Monday afternoon he was driving *down Borough-road in the direction of the town when he saw the form of a woman disappear into the water. When he at first caught sight of her, her head was above the water, but she soon disappeared. He gave information to the police of what he had seen. P.C. Plumb said that in consequence of information they received from the last witness, he and P.C. Howard went to be rive,r. They obtained grappling irons and recovered the body of deceased at 2.45. There were no marks of violence on the body, nod deceased had all her clothing on with tie exception of her shawl which was floating on the water. There was nothing in her pockets. Brideet Iloarty said deceased was her sister. At 5.30 on Monday morning she came home and asked for her working clothes Witness gave them to her and later on took her breakfast to the mill. Neither her father nor mother were down steirs when her sister came in. When her mother asked her if her sister had been in she told her that she had not, as she was frightened that her sister would "lay on "her if she knew she had told. She did not want to get her into trouble. When she stayed out before she said she had been in ' the eloset.—lnspector Phillips : Do you know if she had a young man keeping company with her.— Witness : No sir.—Mr. Roberts : Did you ever I see her with one ?—Witness : No _sir.—Witness

said that her sister was singing on Sunday night before she went out.—Mr. Roberts : She did not tell you where she bud befn ?—Witness: No sir.— A Auror : Has your father ever beaten her for stay- ing out ?—Witness : No but he threatened her. 'Chief Inspector Phillips said that from what the police could gather deceased had been walking about with 5-oldiers. She had stopped out late at nights.—Detective Barlow said deceased was very quiet at her work.:-The Coroner said that the jury mivlit suspect that I he girl was frightened that her lather had got to know that she had been out all nicht ; but they knew nothing except that she was f-und drowned: If they thought otherwise they would have to give a different verdict. —A verdict of F ound Drowned" was returned.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*

===== 0002601_18990915_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
411 §,

II i . 'll,l f)' ~., . It. i

===== 0002601_18990915_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
int 44 Oraritittr " trits 01 LANCASIIIE AND CIIZSIURE: CU EMT NEWSPyPEPAS:

Comprises

ITHE Warrington and Mid-Cri eslare Examiner, pub- lished every Saturcity murning.

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

rrliE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .1 afternoon.

THE Buneorts Examiner, published every Friday morning.

TiTWidnes Examiner, published every Friday orning

PREIPAID ADVERTISEMBRTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

MISCELLANEOUS Wiarre. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One

Three

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 ............. 36 l. Od ... 28 6A ... 4s Od 45 .... ...

===== 0002601_18990915_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BoweMr Otrbantsc Ur.

WANTED, goad GENERAL ; wages £l2,—By letter,Mrs. JONES, Blacklow-brow, Huyton.

WANTED. respectable GIRL about 17 y e a r s: good home. —Apply 60, CRIPEL-STREET, Ancoats, Manchester.

--- WANTED at on USE-PA once, HORLOURMAID, house kept.--Mrs. WATKINSON, Dalton, Huddersfield,

WANTED. at once. a good GENERAL Servant.—Apply Mre. GRAY, 12, St. Alban's-road, Bootle, LiverpooL

WANTED good COOK-WiNHILAL ; two in family : housemaid kept.-278, BURY NEW-ROID, Manchester;

WANTED Good GENERAL, able to wash, wages Lis 6d per week.-15, WINDBoR-RoAD, Walton-vale, Liver-

WANTED, gooi GENERAL SERVANT with good refer- enee.—Apply Mrs. STOKES, 14, Fairfield-street, Manchester.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT, no washing.— Apply MAssox VILL.a, 319. Dickenson-road, Long- sight, litanchester.

IVANTBD YOUNG GIRL, from 16 to 20 as help in small family.—Apply Dirs. DicKistm, 11,The Grove, street, Manchester. Manchester.

WANTBD, respectable GIRL u GIMBAL, 16 to 18; references required.-24, Hampden Street, Higher Tranmere, Birkenhead.

ANTRD. GIRL about 13. to issist in small house, good borne and wages.—Apply 15, DOBOTIT-STREST, Lower Brougnton, Winchester.

UTANTED, experienced General, good references, 4, in YV family, good wages.—ApPly 396, LIVERPoOL-ROAD, ratrierolt, Manchester.

_ WANTED. respectable GIRL as GENERAL ; about 18; no family; good home.-10, GROBT-BOAD, Chorlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester.

VANTED, good GENERAL. fer small house; two in family; good wages.—Apply, Mrs. F. W. BALDWIN. C.lrosshills, near Keighley. ..

WANTBD, General SBRVANT about 18; very small wash : assistance given ; wages £l6, 23, CLYDE-ROAD, West Didsbury, Manchester.

RS. MARSDr.N'S, High-class Registry, 4, LIME-GROVE IV Didsbury, Manchester. Wants Respectable Servants in all capacities ; references.

T ADY in the country requires young GIRL as 'Under- housemaid, age 18; good home,—Apply Mies JONES, HootOn Grange, Chester.

WANTED, experienced NURSE-HOUSEMAID ; firit child from month ; cook-general kept; wages BARR, ROBbrin, Bowden, Cheshire.

WANTED, good GENERAL; plain COOK; no washing; small family: good wages.—Mrs. HALLSWORTH, Registry, Orme-street, Oldham.

VNANTED, strong GIRL, as MINIMAL ; family tbrcee plain cooking ; washing; Catholic preferred ; stat wages.-78, Eraisswrit-smeET, Blackpool.

PARLOURMAID required for gentleman's small family In the country, thoroughly understand duties.—Apply Miss JONES, Hooton Grange, Chester.

WANTED, C00K,220 ; three kept and boy.part washing at home, help given ; churchwoman, good references. —Mrs. ELMHUR6T, Laxtou, Howden, E. Yorks.

Nv. ANTIC/. good GHNHRAL Servant, family four, wages £l6.—Apply stating age and experience, &0., Mrs. "'AIMING WRIGHT, Huntcliffe, Chorley, Lancashire.

WANTED GENERAL, experienced, middle-aged ; able to cook and wash; comfortable home; must have good references. —FowELL, 27, Rawson-street, Farnworth, Boltop.

_ WANTSD, good plain COOKS, several experienced General Servants Housemaid• Waitresses and a second Laundress.—Mrs. biorronn's Registry, Oxford-road, A.itrin- charn.

_ WARTRD, superior GENERAL ; able to wait; com- fortable borne in family of 3 wages, £l2 to £l6, —Mrs. THOMAS "Brookside," Brighton Grove, Rusholme, Manchester.

WANTED, respectable GIRL for housework ; only one little girl aged 7, good home for suitable girl.—Apply Mrs. Fon, Confectioner, 1, (heaves-street. (heat Harwood, Lancashire.

WANTED COOK-GHNE UAL and Housemaid-Waitress at once ; wages £l2 to £l4 ; three in family, no children ; washing done at home.—Mrs. P., Prospect House, Parkgate, Liverpool.

WINTED, strong GENERAL, good character, about 20. Wages £l3 to a suitable ;Jerson. No children ; only four to family. Required in three weeks.—RoCKEDIY 5, The Elms, Dingle. Liverpool.

COACHMAN or Groom-Coachman Requires Situation; age 27 ; eight years in I resent situation ; ride. drive single or pair ; married when suited.—Apply JOHN OVERTON, Dynevor Castle, Landillo, South Wales.

MALE and FRMALE NURSES INbTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, taverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. 570

===== 0002601_18990915_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Erganttl3.

WANTED, BOYS and GIRLS, aged 14.—Apply L9NGFORD WIRE CO., LTD., WarrillgtOn.

WA.NTED ;rod strong LAD from 17 to 20, accustomed farm work.—Apply E. PARKER, Dunsop, Chitheroe.

PLASTERERS, Wanted at New Infirmary.—Apply G. OSBORNE, Plasterer, 51. St. James-street. Latchford,

AGHNTS WANTED to push first-class MACHINERY OILS. Liberal commission—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

WAR MEDALS Wanted. dated 1848 or earlier; ese h given, also Matabele, Atbara, Arctic, AC—MAJOR TOMBS, DrOitsViCh,

TIN SHEET IRON WORKER for Ashpane, 84e., WANTED, YOUTH for Liverpool ; permanency.—Address, OwEs, 41, Brunswick-road. Liverpool.

mO DRESSMAKER3.—WANTED an AGENT for Thomn- -1 son's Universal System of Garment Cutting.—Address. Mrs. U. WHALLEY, Deepdene Deepdale, Preston. (259

TOBACCONIST 3 Commencing.—Bee Ind. Guide pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co.. 186, Euston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. MYERS,

WHD ANT. Two Good, all-round WAGON ttliPAllttitts; alao Wagon Letterer, good all-round wagon painter and letterer.—Apply BIRMINGSA.4 RAILWAY CARRIAGE AND WAGON Co., Cheater. —

QHIRTMA.KERS and JACKET hands (thoroughly experi- enced) Wanted immediately for superior work.—Apply WILLIAM COITF.9 & SON, Wholesale Shirt Manufacturers and General Manchester Warehousemen, Friaregate, Bridge-st., Warrington.

DR. DE.ROO'S CONIPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rhetundism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed ,o be nervous. often arise solely frorn contamination of the blood with certa n impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, wil h the words, " WALTRIt DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. lid. and 28. 9.1.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness Send for Inv book, which shows how every man, young and old, can oe thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH !ERMINE or ELNCTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : "I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pound s.—G F.,d." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93. Great Russell Street Londor, IV. C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Suc;:ess.

BLACKPOOL.—Try MRS. GERMAN (from Oldham), 92. Central Drive, for comfortable APARTMENTS (public or private). Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

31/otels, flpbroo, 3Soarbtng stabs

JOHN WALKER AND CU., Has an established reputation for giving careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers ; and its facilities for the proOuction of Good work of every kind—frem the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of nusin as men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— even at " the lowest tender."

ACCOUN T BOOKS RUIAD, PRINTED and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC CONIPANIEi, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Memorandums,Work Notes ,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Moarning Cirds, Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merchints, Manufacturers,Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial. ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY, AND ECONOMICALLY

PRINTING, BOOKBINDIG, AND LITHOGRAPHY.

MODERN MErHODS. LOli ESL' PRICES.

MODERN PLANT.

QUICK DESPATCH,

AND GOOD PRINTING.

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET,

W RRINGTON.

U7RI3 WOOD 18. per bag, resin pieces. almo fire lighters.- 1: Win. BESWICK. 21. Buttermarket-street, Warrington.

PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER

PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL ,PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ARTISEPTP3 AND HEALTHFUL. BAST OF APPLICATION.

A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR is. 6p. CARRIAGE PAID.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

TI-IE R API ON This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- rooyed in the Continental Hospitals by Hicord Rostan. Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity ol the blood, spate, blotches, pains and swell- ings ot the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back. Hieu. matism. gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness.nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3. according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. P. JOHNSON, 43, HollonL-scitTABE, LONDON, W.C.

BY _MESSRS. SUTTON AND SONS.

Otorko, iitistlttsOtEi, ett.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
K EATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER OF

UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only In tins. 3d., ed•t and is Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS. BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

eptles,

ENVELOPES

2s. PER 11000.

THE "EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORM,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE movement to boy Should we boycott the French Exhibition? cott the Paris Exposition Universelle of next year on account of the judicial crime perpetrated at Rennes, appears to be spreading, alike in thia country, on the Continent, and in America. 1310 no official sanction is likely to be given to the movement in any Continental country, or even iø America, and it is being strongly discouraged ill influential circles in Germany. The actions of private individuals or companies, of course, cannot be controlled. But we do not think the movement is one that the English people generally should favour, and we are not surprised to find that there is a reaction setting in against it among the more intelligent and thoughtful of our countrymen. T° boycott the ExhiLition would be at once unjust to France, injurious to ourselves, and calculated to defeat its object. If the " boy" cott " be intended as a p,tnishment it wotdd punish the innocent as much as the guilty. France is not " a nation of scoundrels," as one irresponsible writer called her, just because a military and clerical clique has, in this matter, obtained temporarily the upper hand. She has many righteous men, who protest as strongly aS we against the prostitution of justice. She is the country of LABOR! and PICQUART, as well as of MERciER. and Du CLAM. The powerful appeal for a " fifth act" in the drama—an act of repara" tion—which M. Zola has addressed to the " Aurore," will strike a responsive chord among thousands of Frenchmen. To condemn a whole nation for the crime of a few would be both injus- tice and folly. Then again, for us to red fuse to exhibit at Paris, while Germany and sol3e other countries are making lavish display of the products of their industries, would really only ill' jure ourselves, by giving a further impetus to the vogue of articles "made in Germany." We cair not cut off our trade with France, or isolate ha commercially, though we might very seriouslal injure our own commerce by attempts 0 do so. Indeed, just so far as we damaged French trade should we injure our owri by depriving ourselves to that extent of a customer. Moreover, any such boycott would really defeat its own ends. Instead of helping DREYFUS and promoting the triumph of justice, lt would only exasperate France and play the game of the anti-Dreyfusards. They would be abie to poiat to the boycott as nroof that the movement in favour of DREYFUS is of foreign origin and hoS" tile to France. The French "reptile Press," te whose efforts in throwing dust in the eyes of th.o people, the strong anti-Dreyfusite prejudice le mainly due, would be provided with fresh political capital to carry on its nefarious crusade. More over, the French blinistry would suffer from the failure of the Exposition of next year. M. WAS" DECK-ROUSSEAU'S Cabinet has done much to sear! justice for DREYFUS and to break down the tary ring. That Ministry has, in a measure, stake its existence on the success of the Exhibition, allu anything which strikes a blow at this strikes at the Government, and, what is even worse, places weapon in the hands of the enemies of the RePillr. lie. The anti-Dreyfusards are anti-Republic The dynastic pretenders and military clique woula profit most by the failure of the Exposition:, Englishmen who desire"f air-play for the Republic, will, therefore, seek some better method than .010 boycott to convince the French people of the wine and the blunder committed in its name.

IN one of his pleasan° cnat and Iron. social talks last week, Lora ROSEBERY made reference tO the probable exhaustion of our coalfields. Coal' raising is still our chief industry, and a plain source of our national wealth. But the question whether our coal stores are likely to run short is beginning to pass from an academic and sPsen_i lative to a serious and practical stage. lA' ROSEBERY seemed to think we were somewhat tO. prodigal with our coal, seeing that We were raisir.g over two hundred millions of tons Pef annum. The statesman has yet to arise who Wil seriously propose to levy an export duty on coot to check the "lavish and uncontrolled" destruction of our mineral capital. But the time rag 11° be far distant when such a drastic rasa-sure would become a necessity to enable us t° "husband ': our shrinking resources. Als3ll with coal, iron is usually coupled—coal au° iron being, paradoxical as the statement mai seem, the two main factors in making Britain the .. land of tin," in the modern sense. Tne fears of a coal famine refer to a more or less remote future but we have already come appreciably near to ea ron famine. During the past six months the question as to the failure of our supplies of pit'

===== 0002601_18990915_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ittTNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPONDENT.I At the meetings of the Board of Guardians and the Rural District Council last Tuesday, the esti- mates for the ensuing half year were submitted. The Guardians recommended a call of 7d. rate,w'nich was the same as lust half year ; but the Rural Dis- trict Council have reduced their rate by id. in the .E. There was nothing extraordinary contemplated, and on the whole the estimates are subjects for congratulation.

At length, the Liberal Club—which for so many years has been the only political club the town pos- sessed—is threatened with opposition in the shape of a proposed Constitutional Club. I believe that the new club is going to be conducted by a kind of Limited Liability Company and will naturally rely mostly upon its shareholders for support—a means by which a double interest is secured. The actvent of the " opposition "will, no doubt,do something to forward the alterations contemplated by the com- mittee of the Liberal Club ; so that instead of hav- ing to rely upon the present scarcely adequate ac- commodation in the way of resorts the town will shortly have two fully equipped political clubs, to cater for its requirements

I should certainly like to call—if I may be al- lowed to—certain individuals, who have a persis- tent disregard for anything in the shape of stand- ing orders, to order! It may be convenient for some members of the Rural District Council, and certain of its officials, to remain seated whenever they consider they should take part in the Councils deliberations but to other members present, and especiallytto:their chairman,it is,to say the least,dis- respectful. Added to nis, in a crowded room, it causes a deal of inconvenience to press men, and especially so in a room where the accommodation for the Press is accommodation only in name.

Dr. Adams (the Medical Officer of Health for the Runc3rn Union), appears to take a very arbitrary course respecting the closing of the Helsby Schools and notwithstanding the testimony of several of the most influential people in the Parish of kielsby seems determined to suit his own convenience in the matter of granting the certificate. His argument appears to be, that, so far, no one qufficiently qualified to determine what is measles and what is not measles has given him information concrete enough upon which to go. Which may be true enough ; still the most generous course the Dr. could have adopted would be to ascertain the facts himself and proceed ac- cordingly. Very little time and trouble spent thus, would have 133 en conducive to a better feeling all round. I don't say the doctor stuck out for any- thing but " duty," but I do say, there are times when there's a call for more than "duty."

Mr. Samuel Taylor (the new president of the Runcorn Football Club) proved quite a capable footballer, and showed his capabilities last Saturday when be played in his first match. In some measure perhaps, Broughton were intimidated, for to play 15 men and a President—and that president a " Sammy" too—is sufficient to strike terror into any combination. The augury is a happy one when such sympathy is seen between a club, its president and its supporters. May it continue so.

What a crowd of cdnsolers will gather around— yea, veritable Job's comforters—when you loße half-a-crown down a street grid. Such was the proceedings of a gentleman proceeding down High- street, on Wednesday morning last. But that gentleman possessed business acumen of no mean order, und forthwith bargained with a roadms.n to restore the half-crown on commission. The work commenced, and quite a crowd soon collected to watch the operation, so that 23 6d had caused losses to employers of labour (especially of errand boys) ; to the District Council, vide roadman and tools, and to numerous others, of a few hundred per cent. more than its value. How true it is " misfortune s never happen singly."

===== 0002601_18990915_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MASTERS OF THE SITUATION.

BY THE "SCORCHER."

The cupholders—Broughton Rangers abou whom I will confess I was afraid to say anythin g last week, were on Saturday last fairly "crimped-up" on the Irwell-lane enclosure. Brough- ton'A backs tried to stem the torrent but all in vain. Toeir supporters cried "a James! a Jam3s l" But, as if in derision there resounded from the partisans of:Runcorn " a Jimmy 1 a Jimmy !" Then followed a crash, and James met Jimmy with but one result —that Jimmy won. It would not at all do for me to describe the game, as a game; for, to be para- doxical it" were no game.' It was a display—that was all,just a display, in which the Redtails showed their capabilities to their followers. As soon as the battle commenced Runcorn were sure of winning; when it was half-time Runcorn had won; but just about three quarter time Broughton Rangers were "snuffed out." They all looked as if a bath and a rub down would suit them better than " fac- ing the music" for that last quarter. As for the locals they seemed to be as ready to go on when the and came as when the start took place; and, when he " cease" resounded, they were complete masters of the situation' and Broughton had to acknowledge it too. Of Broughton, I wilt say but this; they have a great reputation to sus- tain and endeavoured to sustain it. They had class in their ranks and no mean metal But though they were the Broughton of old! What could they do against the spirit of the Run- corn of old? Nothing! And sadly, yet sorrowfully they seemed to realise that at length a mightier than they have arisen—to whom they must give place. Thus they retired avowedly beaten upon their merits. What of the units that make up the Runcorn Fifteen? They were almost perfect, but still they must train and make tbems-lves capable of maintaining that speed, strength,grit, and endur- ance, which SO able reduced the redoutable Rangers into a mere" pulp," Once again! must remind them that on Saturday (to-morrow) they meet Widnes, and I look to them for the performance of the "hat-trick"—the winning of three home matches in successlon. I want Run- corn to win, a regular knock-out win; add feel con- fident they will if they follow the "Scorcher's " advice and keep the" pot boiling" all the way.

CMITIERCIAL FAlLMlES.—Accordine to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of failures in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending September 9th was 54. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 65, showing a deerease of 11, being a net decrease in 1899, to date, of 106.

BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEAD'S, Beldinv. Wring- ing Machines Lamps. and Coal Vases. Sheffiel-1 Cutlery and Plate.—J. S. GARLAND. Ironmonger, Bridge-strea, Warrington—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1899

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

This Council held its usual fortnightly meeting at the Workhouse. Dutton, last Tuesday. There were present: Messrs J Knowles (chairman), J Mosley Williams, J Mclntyre, Joseph BalFhaw, E Clarke. C E Linaker, Thomas Lewis, T Wright, H Ma,wdsley, J Taylor, T Darlington, S Woodward, G Pilling, P Gleave, E Bretherton, J Spruce, W Fietcher, P L-ather, E Wall- ington, J B Chadwick, T Antwiss G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assistant clerk), Ames Farrington (in- spector), w Diggle and J Swinton (surveyors), and Dr J Adams (medical officer.) THE SURVEYOR'S REMUNERATION. The Local Government Board wrote enclosing copies of art order they had issued determining that the sum of £143, the amount of the additional salary f-r the year ending 31st March 1900 payable to the Council's Sur- veyor, in respect of extra services rendered, or t) be rendered by him in connection with certain works, shall be charged upon the contributory places as follows : Frodsham Lordship, £7B; Frodsharn township, £lO ; Halton, £l2 10s • Helsby, £l2; Weston, £3O 103. This was considered satisfactory.

THE SMOKE NUISANCE AT WESTON.

Mr. W. Mortimer, of Beaconhurst, Frocisham, wrote to Mr. Ashton, the clerk, as follows :—" Dear Sirs—l shall be glad to know if you, as clerk to the Runcorn Union, can do anything towards stopping the smoke nuisance from the Castner-Kellner chimneys. The smoke from them is very dense and black, and is making all the vegetation about here very black. If you can du anything towards stopping it, I shall feel greatly obliged. Mr. Mosley Williams said he could confirm that com- plaint. They could have no idea of the density of the smoke which blew over Frodsham from those chimneys at Weston, and if it had not been for the remarks made by Mr. Chadwick at the last meeting, he was for propos- ing that some steps be taken. But if Mr. Chadwick was still satisfied that they were going on with their esperi- ments,he would be content to leavelit for a while longer. Mr. Chadwick thought it would do no harm to write to the Castoer-Keliner Company about the smoke. The Chairman We shall certainly have to reply to Mr. Mortimer, therefore I suggest that the Clerk write to the Costner Knellner Company, enclosing a copy of the letter from Mr. Mortimer, and acquaint that gentle- man of the fact. Mr. Mosley Williams suggested they should also add other complaints which had been received by the Council. Subsequently the two suggestions iwere unanimously adopted.

STRETTON TELEGRAPH OFFICE. Mr. Jamcs J. Cardin, Comptroller and Accountant General, forwarded a statement of accounts between H.M. Postmaster General and the Rural District Council in respect of the guarantee telegraph office at Stretton : "Ta amount of guarantee for the year ended 14 Aug., 1899. £26. By receipts on Inland Telegrams forwarded during the year ended 14 August. 1899, £23 181." This showed a deficiency of £2 2s. ; one half of which was borne by the Postmaster General and the other half by the Council. It was unanimously decided to forward the £1 is. due from the Council.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SANITARY CONGRESS.

The Clerk sucniltled--;;;;oit- fr in the deputation (Mr. Mclntyre, Mr. Woodward,and the clerk) appointed to attend the congress of the Sanitary Institute held at Southampton during the week ended September 2nd The report was received on the motion 4 the Chairman, seconded by Mr J. Mclntyre. THE MODEL REGULATIONS. Mr. J. Mclntyre reported that the Parliamentary Com- mittee of the Council had met that morning and con- sidered the advisability of adopting the Model Regula- tions issued by the Local Government Board for the regulation of Dairies, Cowsheds So., Sze. They decided to adopt them with slight alterations. Agreed to. THE RSTIMATE.—REDUCTION IN THE RATE. Mr. T. Wright, on behalf of the Finance Committee. submitted the estimate for the half-year ending Lady Day 1900, and proposed their adoption. The total capital for the current half-year ending Michaelmas,lB99 amounted to £6,382. and the nett probable expenditure st as estimated at £3,638, showing a balance at Michael- mas of £2,744. The probable expenditure during the half-year ending Lady Day 1900 was :—General expenses (Public Health) £7OO (less £6O grant under the Agri- cultural Rates Act) ; highway expenses £2780 ; salaries £150; (less grant under Agricultural Rates Act £374); renayment of principal and interest on highway loan £160; balance and contingency fund £2556; total sum required £5912. After deducting the 'probs.ble balance of £2,744 in favour of parishes at Michaelmas 1899 the amount required from the overseers was £3,168. A rate of 5d in the £ would product the sum of £3,190, and it was recommended that a call be made for the sum of £3168, being a decrease of -0 in the £ on thehst half-year. The assessable value of the district as per the valuation lists in force was £153,144. Mr. Chadwick seconded arid the Council unanimously assented. THE POLLUTION OF' RIVERS.—IS THE CANAL A RIVER? Dr. Adams in submitting his monthly report, referred to the enclosure of a copy of a 'letter from the Clerk to the County Council, which he bad received from the Clerk to the Rural District Council, in which it was inti- mated that the County Council were glad to find that the District Council was taking action in the matter of the Rivera Pollution. and further requesting particulars of the action the District Council were taking. So as to be able to reply to that query, he bad forwarded a re- quest to Mr. Farrington (the inspector), asking him to take samnlee of certain effluents at different points, and he (Mr. Farrington) had replied that the duty did not belong to his office. He (the medical officer) supposed that Mr. Farrington had reasons of his own for not doing so. The only point in Mr. Farrington's letter he was desirous of getting explained, was the clause where he said" It does not belong to my department." He consi- dered that as medical officer he had more or less a stand- ing order to instruct the inspector to take samples from streams. But he was of the opinion that on this occa- sion he svas carrying out the request of the Council that samples should be taken. Mr. Farrington said it was clear to him that the whole question was one of whether the Ship Canal was less sanitary now than it used to be? and to that, there was only one answer; it was not as pure as it used to be. Speaking at some considerable length he said that the Doctor had forwarded to him a request and information where be would like to have samples of effluents taken from, but at qach place there was no effluent at all. Notwithstanding the fact that it was not his duty to have anything to de with sewers—that was a matter for the surveyors—he had brought for the Council to see, samples of the Ship Canal water taken about three years agolat Halton Gutter,Saltport,below Latchford Locks and above Latchford Locks, and by looking at them anyone who had seen the water of the Ship Canal lately could see the difference. A long discussion followed in which Mr. Wallingtoe inquired whether they were talking

about the Ship Canal-or the River Mersey. Mr. Mclntyre said that did not seem to him to be the question at all it was simply a question of whose duty it was te take samples as requested by the doctor. Mr. Farrington persisted that it was not his duty, but if the Council requested him to do it he would. That was another matter. The Clerk in answer to Dr. Adams stated that if the effluents spoken of were in streams it was certainly a matter tor the inspector, but if they were sewers it was as certain a matter for the surveyors. The only question was whether they were streams or sewers. Mr. Farrington contended they were regarded as sewers. The question being raised respecting the pollution of the Mersey by the sewerage of Stockton Heath, Mr. Farrington pointed out that the eewerage of Stockton Heath did not belong to the Council. it was the Warrington Corporation to whom it belonged. They took it over and if there was anyttmag wrong with the effluent of their sewer they would have to rectify it. It was no question for the Council. Several members concurred with the Inspector. The Medical officer anxious to be clear on the legal basis, asked that the Clerk should procure the agree- ment between the Council and the Corporation for the nest meeting. The Clerk replied that he would. Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. T. Wright, seconded by Mr. J. Mclntyre, it was decided that samples of the Ship Canal water should be taken at the points, as had been done 2 years previously,and that the same Committee be appointed to superintend the taking of the scmples with the substitution of Mr. C. E. Linaker for the late Mr. Haywood, and the Clerk for the late Clerk ; and also that Mr. Farrington's offer to take the samples be accepted. Mr. Mclntyre also added a rider which was agreed to, that in the meantime steps should be taken to decide whose duty it was to take the samples.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THR CLOSING OF HELSBY SCHOOLS -A DILEMMA.

Mr. Taylor (Helsby) called the attention of the Coun- cil to the position of the managers of the Schoqls at FreMy. He had a letter that morning from the Vicar of Helsby, stating that 99 children were absent from school through the measles,and appealing that something should be done an they (the managers) could not get a certificate from the medical officor to close the schools. Dr. Adams, in reply to several members said his posi- tion was peculiar in that he would have to furnish the Local Government Board with all particulars if he granted the certificate. Those particulars he had not got, and besides it was not competent that a School- master or a School correspondent should state that the children were away from school through the measles. He wanted the names and addresses of the people sup- posed to be down with measles, then he could have something to work upon. It was pointed out that those particulars could be had if a post-lard had been dropped to the school mana- gers. Dr. Adam; stated that no such particulars had been given him when he saw the vicar personally. Mr. Linaker pointed out that the vicar of the place bad written to Dr. Adams twice about the affair and re- ceived no answer. What were the managers to do? If the school was not closed there would be a further spread of the disease, besides a loss to the managers and if they closed them without the certificate they would be liable to loose the Education Department Grants. Dr. Adams entended that had he the information to

work upon he could have gone,as in the case of Stockton H3atb, and taken every fifth house and visited it, and if he found that measles did prevail there he would have granted the certificate. He did not think that ten of the people were under medical treatment. Mr. Taylor said that the Dr. would find that the majority of the cases were being medically treated. After further discussion the matter dropped. PREVALENCE: OF DIARRLICEA AT HALTON, _ _

Mr. T. Wright having spoken of the high percentage of deaths in Halton due to diarrhces, said that some suspicion had been entertained Gf the water supply. He therefore requested that samples should be drawn off the mains for analysis. This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

iron has been discussed in the iron and steel trades with some degree of lively apprehension. Pig-iron has rapidly increased in price, and stocks have run low. The very active demand for .the commodity which has marked the trade boom of the present year, on both sides of the Atlantic,has,temporarily at least, overtaken the supply. The statistics just published by the British Iron Trade Association, however, are somewhat reassuring. During the first six months of the present year the output of pig-iron in this country increased by about 350,000 tons, raising the quantity produced in six months to 4,78'2,868 tons. But only some two-thirds of the blast furnaces of the United Kingdom have been blast; and although of the remaining third a arge number are antiquated and not adapted to modern methods, the production of " pig " could soon be increased to at least ten million tons per year. But the difficllty lies in regard to available sources of the raw material. Great Britain is not now producing anything like the quantity of iron- ore that she did formerly. In 1880 over eighteen millions of tons were raised. Last year, although the amount was in excess of several previous years' outputs, the quantity was only fourteen millions. This country no longer stands at the head of the world as an iron producer. She is second only to America, with Germany creeping up rapidly as a gaol third. There are, however, new iron-ore mines being opened in various parts of the North of England, and new discoveries Rf ore deposits have been made in Cornwall and Devon, and even, like coat, in Kent. Whether these new iron fields will serve to ward off the predicted iron famine, and enable Great Britain to maintain her indus- trial predominance, is at present problematical.

How many people who look at the one picture will see within it the lines of the other ? Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt, American millionaire,owner of lordly palaces, head of railway trusts, church- giver, and philanthropist—in a word, a colossal though a modest figure in an important country. Mr. Van der Bilt, Dutch settler in the States, industrous, rather niggardly, religious, but some- vlat dour, a little coarse in manners, and a little ~.00 opinionated to make a pleasant travelling companion for a long journey. Rub out the frugality a no longer needed, let the industry re- main, for the millionaire, as long as health lasted, was a great worker, give religion the sunshine of prosperity, cut away the corners, and smooth and polish by a liberal education, and strengthen the opinions with the authority and interesting impressiveness of twenty-two carat gold, and you admire the one man just as you shrug your shoulders over the other. The portraits are those of the distinguished American citizen who has just passed away, and of his an- cestor, the founder of the Vanderbilt fortunes. The qualities that make a celebrity are not always attractive, but when he is made, when they are gilded over, then they are highly esteemed. Mr. Vanderbilt's firmness was displayed in his renunci- ation of his son Cornelius, when the latter made a marriage that, in the father's eyes, seemed unsuit- able, and his hereditary sense of duty was proved in a thousand and one private benevolences, of which the world never heard collectively. His last illness was probably aggravated by his riches. After his first attack of paralysis, all that science could do to avert a fatal return was done, and these numerous precautions and constant watchfulness probably tended to make thc . patient more nervous, and therefore more liable than he would have been under ordinary circumstances.

In an obscure German paper which, however, has the merit of being strongly Dreyfusard, the formation is advocated of a" Society of Monte Cristo." The meritorious league is to walk in the steps of the romantic Count, and thus to com- pass the punishment of Mercier, Roget, de Beaure- paire, and the other conspirators. All that is needed, we are told, is plenty of money and a band of daring adventu-ers. We should have expected a project of this kind to have seen the light in the office of some wild American paper, That it should be seriously mooted by Germans shows how deeply the verdict has been taken to heart, and how hot is the indignation against those who procured Dreyfus's condemna- tion. We are not informed what punish- ment the Society of Monte Cristo would inflict upon the abducted offenders. Presumably the torture inflicted by Dumas upon the banker would be considered heavy enough. The popular British officer who declared the other day that no dangerous and romantic adventures are possible nowadays, would find his fill of adventure as a member of the suggested society. Stranger things have happened. We do not seriously expect any German to respond to the appeal of the German editor. Still the idea is a brilliant one from the point of view of the sensation-loving " yellow " press of America. One of those journals did actually suggest to a member of the staff that he should take command of an expedition for the rescue of Dreyfus from Devil's Isle. The abduc- tion of Dreyfus s persecutors would he easier, and would have the merit of providing a longer story. That German journalist should take his idea to America.

There is a new illuminant coming into vogue. We have already got coal gas, acetylene gas, elec- tric light, and petroleum in constant use and now there is another method of dispelling darkness de- vised. Alcohol is the new illuminant—carburated alcohol—which is looked upon as an ideal light as it is odourless' clean and safe. The German Em- peror and the President of France have both made use of it; consequently it is finding some favour on the Continent. Probably it will be welcomed here. At any rate we could find numbers of people who would throw themselves heart and soul into the burning of all the alcohol in the country. It should have a future before it as an illuminant and heating agent in a land where there is so much said and clone for temperance reform. Good Tem- plar Lodges and Temperance 'Societies of all kinds ought, without exception, to consume alcohol in this manner. They will then be doing much for their cause, for alcohol which has been utilised for lighting and heating a room _cannot possibly make any poor soul drunk. But, joking apart, there is much to be said in its favour. In the United States of America, where waste molasses have to be burnt at an actual expense for fear of creating a nuisance, it would be possible to distil industrial alcohol from the waste material. The farmer with his millions of bushels of unsold Indian corn would also find a profitable outlet for his surplusage. France professes to see nothing less than her agri- cultural salvation in the illuminant, provided the Government will remove the burdensome repres- sive laws against private distilleries. Then, too, when there is so much said about our coal supply giving out, the advantages of alcohol in its newlrole cannot fail to be appreciated.

Temperance in Warrington is a cause which is enthusiastically supported by a limited few but does not make any very striking headway. It has much to contend with and the struggle against intemperance is here an exceedingly severe one, but that does not discourage the workers by any means. At Latchford there has been a very healthy temperance movement for over half a cen- tury, and of which Councillor Ellison has been the central figure for the whole of that time. Here too, difficulties have had to be encountered—the society at one time was housed in a barn—but they have been overcome by pluck and persever- ance of a high order, and now the local lodge meets in a suitable hall, the debt on which has been almost cleared off with a sale held at the end of last week. The Good Tomplars of Latchford have never won fame or notoriety, but they have pursued their worthy aim with an earnestness and zeal which do them infinite credit, and which have made Latchford a better place to live in. Many a man and woman in the district owes his moral and physical salva- tion to the labours of his brothers of the Bonehill Branch Lodge, and the ministrations in particular

lof its esteemed president, Councillor Luke Ellison. Working unostentatiously as they do,the members of the Lodge are not blessed with overmuch out- side support, but they have never relaxed their endeavours in the slightest, and probably never will. Theirs is a labour which needs no reward other than that vouchsafed them by good results and we cordially wish them success that will glad- den their hearts.

The abnormal increase in the death rate of War- rington during the past few weeks should give the Health Committee and the members of the Town Council generally grave cause to inquire into the circumstances which have led to such a regret- table state of affairs. The facts as presented in the Medical Officer's return for the week ending Saturday September 2nd are serious, if not alarm- ing. The number of deaths during the week was 57, and actually exceeded the number of births by 5. The death rate works out at 42.2 per 1,000 against 27.3 in the corresponding period of last year. Diarrhoeal diseases accounted for 36 deaths which, we should think, is the highest point touched. The return relating to the Fever Hospital is also of serious import. On the first day of this month there were no fewer than 53 cases in the hospital and at the pre- sent moment the accommodation is taxed to the uttermost. The question naturally arises " What is the cause ?" We believe Dr. Gorman, the Medical Officer, has partially if not completely answered this question himself. "War- rington is full of filth" is the remark which fell from his lips at the Borough Police Court on Fri- day, and although the statement may not be strictly accurate, those who have made even.a cursory inspection of the courts, yards, and alleys of the town must have often marvelled at the supineness of the authorities in dealing with such prolific sources of disease.

ACCIDENT AT WIDNES. Sam Johnson, 120,Warrington-road, a fireman engaged at the Silver and Copper Works, Widnes, whilst engaged at his work was scalded on his left side and leg, due to the bursting of a pipe. He was removed to the Acci- dent Hospital, and was attended to by Dr. Eatock. ANOTHER FIRE AT GLOBE. CHEMICAL WORICS. On Thursday morning, another fire, the third in a few months, occurred at the Globe Chemical Works, Widnes. resulting in the total destruction of the chlorate plant and shed. The outbreak was caused by oil used in the process boiling over on to the furnace, and this caused the leaden condenser to burst, scattering the burning chlorate of sulphur, and setting fire to the shed. The fire brigade were summoned, and.preveated the flames spreading. The damage was considerable. ST. LUKE'S MISSION. RUNCORN. On Thursday evening, a service of song entitled " Daniel Qaoim " was given at the mission room by the choir, assisted by a few friends. The connective read- ings were given by Mr. E. Hodson, and the solo parts were taken by Misses E. Brown, Massey, Gatley, and McKenny. Mr. A. Jones accompanied. The singing did the vocalists '(neat credit, and there was a consensus of opinion that the piece had been well done. Prior to the service a tea was provided by Mr.and Mrs. A. Jones, at which there was a large attendance. Votes of thanks to all these who had taken part in the prece.edings brought a profitable evening to a close. MARRIAGE AT HALTON.—HANKEY—FIOWARD. An interesting ceremony was the celebration of the nuptials of Mr. William Henke!, son ot Mr. Thomas Hankey, of Halton, and Miss Elizt Denson Howard, daughter of Mr. John Howard, Halton. which took place in the presence of a large congregation at Halton Wes. leyan Trinity Chapel on Wednesday. Toe officiating minister was the Rev. A. B. Malvern, of Runcorn. Mr. Edward Hankey (brother) was the best man, and Miss Ann Howard (sister) the bridesmaid. The wedding was a very happy one, and both the contracting parties were the recipients of hearty congratulatiens and numerous presents. DEPARTURE OF MR. J. NANCDLLIS Nonconformists throughout the whole of the Runcorn Circuit will hear with regret of the departure of Mr. J. Nancollis, Alcock-street, Runcorn, who far many years past has been the respectei chapel caretaker; though it is not as caretaker that Mr. Nancodis has achieved his greatest success, for: all the lovers of the Old Brunswick Sunday school can testify to the popularity and success of 'Collie's Class, and net a few can speak to his credit as a layworker. Mr. Nancollie leaves to take up the management of a Temperance Hotel, at Northwicb, and the best wishes of his numerous friends accompany him, —Mr. T. Cox. of Prospect View, Halton, has been appointed caretaker of St. Paul's Church in his stead. ALLEGED LARCENY OF A DRAIN PIPE. John Antrobus, of South-road, Weston Point, was on Thursday morning brought up in custody charged at the Runcorn Police Court before Mr A R Norman, with the larceny of an earthenware drain pipe valued 35., the property of the Bridgewater Trustees.—lnspector Hicks asked for a remand until the ordinary Sessions next Monday. He stated that early that morning P.C. Wylie whilst going his rounds at Weston came across the de- fendant who was carrying the drain pipe. On charging him st ith the theft defendant admitted he was taking it to make into an umbrella stand. He could not proceed with the case until he heard further from the Bridge- water Trustees. The remand was granted ,and defendant admitted to bail, himself and two others in 40s each. - A TRAIN ON FIRE AT RUNCORN. On Thursday morning, an alarming fire was dis- covered to have broken out on a luggage train, whilst proceeding from Halton Junction to Runcorn Statlion. On arriving at the latter place about 11.10 a.m., it was found that four trucks of hay (from Rossett to Edge Hill), had caught fire, in some unaccountable way, and threatened the whole train's destruction. Immed ately the energetic stationmaster, Mr H Prescott, caused the hydrants at the station to be brought into play upen the burning mass, and soon brought the flames under control. By that time, however, the major portion of the hay had been destroyed and the trucks also some- what damaged .The trucks were shunted on to an empty siding, and the work of salvage successfully accomplished as far IS they were concerned. They are the property of the Great Western Railway CO. WESTON SONS OF TEMPERANCE. A very interesting meeting in connection with the above Order was held in the Sons of Temperance Hall, Wednesday evening. Bro. James Dunbabin took tee chair, and after the ordinary business of the Division had beer. gone through, called upon Bro. F W Fitton, r.w.r., who had something to communi- cate te the members. Bro. Fitton having delivered himself of a neat little speech, in which he spoke of his love and attachment to the Order, which he was proud to say was making such progress in the village, and which he trusted wouid continue to prosper, then on behalf of himself, and Mrs. Fitton, in token of their high appreciation and love for the Order and in commemoration of its being the jubilee year of the Order, presented the division with a new set of officers regalia. Bro Fitton was loudly applauded on resuming his seat, by the officers and members present, and on a resolution moved by Bro W. Brown, seconded by Bro. S. Dodd and supported by Bro. Daniel Kirkham, T Hazlehurst and others, the best thanks of the division was accorded to Bro and Mrs Fitton for their generous (rift. Bros Thomas Croke, G.W.P., Thanes Heesom, G.T., and A Noden, GA., of Runcorn, were present at the meeting, and each took part in the proceedings. OBSTINATE FLATMAN AT WIDNES.--HEAVY PENALTY. At the Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday morning, before the Mayor, Alderman Waring, and Mr. Timmis, John Yarwood, a fittmeu, living on the flat Rachel, was charged by the London and North.Weetern Railway Company with contravening section 123 of the regula- tions of that Sankey and St. Helens Casa' by obstructing the entrance to the lock and refusing to withdraw his vessel, thus setting the officials at defiance. —Walter Sandbach, lockmaster at the Widnes loeks, said that on Angust 23 at half-past one he filled the lock to allow the fiat Harmony to pass, which was loaded with acid, to go into the river Defendant pieced hie flat in such a position across the lock that nothing could be done. He asked him to move astern and allow the boat to pass, but this he refused to do, After con- siderable persuasion he moved out of the way, and the 1 Harmony passed into the river. Defendant's vessel was light. The lock was again filled to allow another flat to pass which was also loaded. Defeniant placed !his flat in a similar position, and absolutely declined to move. The wisest course they could adopt was to let him pass into the river. A delay ef ten minutes was caused, and the flat ran great risk of losing a day's tide. Defendant, who was light, could have entered the river an hour later. When he got into the river he anchored, and did not go lout until the morning tide.—After further evidence, Yarwood was fined 40s and costs, or one month's im- prisonment. .

A MOKTH FOR NEGLECTING HIS FAMILY. At the Runcorn Police Court, on Friday, before Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. J. Ockleston, Thomas Johnson, chemical latourer, was brought up on a warrant, at the instance of John Fredshana, collector for the Guardians of the Runcorn Union, charged with having on the 15th August, at Dutton. wilfully neglected to maintain his family of three children, whereby they had become chargeable to the common fund of the union.—From the evidence it appeared that prisoner was committed to prison by the Runcorn Bench for four months' hard labour for neglecting his children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering or injury to health. At that time the prisoner's three children were taken to the workhouse, and when his sentence expired he never made the slightest inquiry with regard to them, and they had still remained at the House, at a cost to the Guardians of £l.O 1.3.5. 63. The Guardians wished ta make an example of the prisoner.—Prisoner pleaded guilty. He said he had injured his wrist at work, but he promised to refund the money if the Bench would deal leniently with him.—The magistrates sent him to gaol for one month's hard labour. WIDNES CYCLE CLUB CHURCII PARADE. The Widnes Cycle Club. last Sunday held a successful Church Parade and established what was quite an in- bovation by attending morning service at St. Paul's Church. There was a good mustar of cyclists,about 60, nearly all members of the local club, accompanied by a few visitors from Runcorn. The cyclists were received at the Town Hail, at 10 a.m., by the Mayor (Alderman S. W. Wareing), and as the hour of service approached the company moved to the appaintect place of wnrship, the cycles being stored in the Town Hall yard. The ser- vice was conduc'ed by the Vicar (Rev. C. E. Stocks, M.A.), his Worship the Mayor reading the lesions. An excellent discourse was given by the Vicar from the text, " In all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct thy paths." and was listened to with great attention. The rev, gentleman applied his sutiject to all departments of life, both public and private. Referring to the question of Sunday cycling he deprecated it if it interfered with the duty of public worship. Mr. W. Cooke presided at the organ, and the choir rendered an anthem in an able manner. At the close of the service, and at the invitation of the Mayor, the cyclists repaired to the parlour at the Town Hall, where his Worship ex- pressed the hope that they had all enj -Ted the service, to which remark an unanimous assent was given.

SPIRITUALIST MEETINGS, On Sunday afternoon, at the Spiritualist Hall, Bewsey-street, instead of the usual address by the engaged speaker,the President read an extract from the St. James' "Parish Mitgazine." This was fol- lowed by clairvoyance by Miss Smith. In the evening Miss Smith gave an address on " Death, and what after," conclading with a number of clairvoyant delineations. On Monday the whole evening, after an opening hymn, was devoted to psychometry, when the lady Wl3 successful in almost every in- stance, in some cases recalling events that occurred forty and fifty years ago.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGK.CLASS MINERAL WATSES.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, last Tuesday, Mr. J. Mosley-Williams (presiding). There were also present:— Messrs H Taylor,A R Norman, S Woodward, T Reynolds Dr Gastaldi, the Rural District Councillors, with Mr G F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk). and Mr James Cunnah (master).

THE LATE M. PICKERING, OF NORLEY,

Before the commencement of the business of the Board the Chairman referred to the loss the Beard and Council had sustained, through the death of Mr. William Pickering, the representative for Norley. Mr. Pickering had represented that district for an interrupted period of about 20 years, and all present could testify to the pleasant intercourse they had always had with Mr. eickering. Having referred feelingly to his own intimate acquaintance with the late Mr. Pickering, the Chairman proposed that the Clerk be instructed to for- ward a letter of condolence to the sorrowing family ex- pressing the sympathies of the Council. Mr. J. Mclntyre seconded, and the vote was unani- mously passed in silence.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOANS.-BETTER TERMS.

Letters were received from Messrs. E. 0. Preston and Co.. 4, Tokenhouse Buildings, London, and the Public Works Loan Board respec`ing the proposed loan of £1,500 required by the Guardians to meet the Expenses incurred by the alteration of the Board room and the Tramp Wards. Messrs. Preston and Co. asked 3± per cent. for 20 year3,and a charge of £2l for procuring the loan. The Public Works Loan Board intimated that the rate of interest atlwhich they were at present empowered to grant loans on security of local rates repayable in 20 years was 21 per cent per annum.—lt was decided to negotiate with the Public Works Loan Board for the money. APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN SUBORDINATE_ OFFICERS..

The Local Government Board forwarded two copies of a general order dealing with the appointment of : Collector of the Guardians, collector of poor rates,school attendance officer, inquiry officer, porter, assistant teachers, " Industrial Trainer," superintendent of out- door labour. The object of the order was to obviate the Board of Guardians reporting such appointments to the Lccal Government Board for confirmation.—The order, however, in no way affected the salaries of the officers named.

FINANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr. Woodward submitted the financial statement, which showed out relief paid as follows :—Runcorn £B5; Budworth, £24 ; Frodsham, £27. The balance at the last meeting was £3,137 43 4d ; cheques drawn this day £3,704 93 61, leaving an adverse balance of £27 11s. Mr. Wright seconded the adoptioh of the report which was agree to.

THE ILLNESS OF DR. CARRITTHERS : SYMPATHY FROM THE GUARDIANS.

The Clerk read the following letter from Dr. Carruthers :—Halton, Runcorn, September 11th, Dear Sir,—l am still laid up suffering from the effects of the accident which have turned out more seriously than at first anticipated. I ant daily improving, but as it will be some time before lam able to resume my duties, I wish to ask the Guardians permission tor three months leave of absence, and fAr Dr. Morris my locum temenc to act as Medical Officer and public vaccinator while lam incapacitated. Mr. T. Wright who proposed that the necessary leave of absence be granted Dr. Carruthars, said he had seen the doctor who was in bed and unable to get up. The Doctor (Dr. Morris) who came in hit place was a very nice fellow and one he was sure quite capable of dis- charging the duties whilst Dr. Carruthers was absent. He thought that under the circumstances Dr. Carruthers should be allowed the three months asked for.

Mr. J. Mclntyre seconded, and s 3veral guardians hay- in expressed sympathy with Dr. Carruthers, it was unanimously agreed to.

THE RELIEF SUPERVISION COMMITTEE.-.-MR. ROYLANCE ANSWERED.

The Chairman observed that at the Relief Supervision C-mrt that morning, Mr. John Frodsham, the collector, had drawn attention to the remarks made by Mr. Roy- lance at a previous meeting of the Board respecting the very high percentage of uncollected amounts which were outstanding. He (the chairman) wished to say that Mr. John Frodsham had submitted an explanation and shown to the satisfaction of the committee that the amount of contributions for maintenance of relatives was considerably less than it had been in previous years. Toe Committee had expressed satisfaction with Mr. Frodsham's explanation, and he the Chairman was only sorry that Mr. Roylance was not present to receive it. However be had noticed Mr. Gleave (who was Mr. Roylance's co-representative) present, and he had ex- pressed satisfaction at the explanation. Mr. S. Woodward stated, in addition to Mr. Williams remarks, Mr. Frodsham had pointed out that when h first took office, the amount due to the Board, then out- standing, was £440. whilst at the present moment the total amount recoverable was something like Subsequently a vote expressing satisfaction with Mr. Frodsbam's explanation was passed.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ESTIMATES.-AN UNCHANGED RATE.

Mr. S. Woodward submitted the estimates of the con- tributions required from the various parishes in the Union for the half-year ending Lady Day, 1900, which was calculated on the assessable value per valuation lists in force, and moved their adoption. The total capital for the current half year, ending Michaelmas, 1899, amoun- ted to £9,242, and the net probable expenditure was estimated at £7.626, which showed a balance at Michaelmas of £1,616. The probable expenditure during thaensuing half year, as set out in the detailed estimate, was made up aq follows : Comma charges, £2170 ; county rate, £3425 ; halance and contingency fund. £2170 ;or a total of £7765, which after deducting the probable balance in favour of the Parishes at Michael- mas, 1899. left £6149 revired from the overseers. The assessable value of the union as per valuation lists in force was £208,426. A rate of 7d in the £ on the assess- able value of the union would produce the sum of £6,080. and it was me-man:leaded that a call for the sum of £6,149 (being equivalent to the call made for the last half year)be made upon the overseers in accordance with the detailed esti ma tes.after deducting the estimated balances in favour of each parish at Michaelmas 1899. Mr. Wrrght seconded and the estimates were agreed to.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
PAUPER LUNATICS,-A SLIGHT INCREASE.

Mr. A. R. Norman reported that the deputation, ap- pointed at the last Council meeting to visit the pauper lunatics confined in the County Asylum, at Upton, and chargeable to the Runcorn Union, had visited the asylum. They found that the number of paupers charge- able to the Runcorn Union was 3 more than the previous year, being 65 compared with 62. During the twelve months eleven had been admitted, and discharged and there was one death. Whilst being sorry to say that the balance was on the wrong side, it was still very gratify- ing to know, that whilst some were coming in others were being discharged, and the doctor of the institution had expressed the hope that in a short time others would be discharged. The deputation were delighted with the place, and everything they saw there, had the appeal,- ance of being applied so as to afford every facility for the reborn of the afil cted ones to their right minds. Mr. Piling anti Mr. Reynolds the other members of the deputation endorsed Mr. Norman's remarks. The report was adopted. THE ROUSE AFFAIRS.

Mr. James Cunnah, the Master, in submitting his re- port, sated the children spent A delightful day at Rhyl on the 6th of September, and though this year they had been afforded two outings instead of one, there was a balance standing to the credit of the treat fund. (Hear, hear.) He had to report that the Industrial trainers (male and female) had applied for testimonials, as they were desirous of finding another place. He could only speak very highly of them during the time they had been in the house, and hoped the Board would grant the testi- monials asked. The Chairman added in connection with the treat to the children, he wished to say he had accompanied the children, and a most delightful day was spent. He wished also to put on record the kind hospitality of Mr. Taylor and the Vicar of Frodsham whom the Guardians had met there. Besides kindly receiving them, Mr. Taylor had been esnecially generous to the children and and provided them all with a hugh stick of toffee. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. R. Norman considering it would he impossible to thank each one who had contributed to the fund for the children's treat individually, proposed a vote of thanks be accorded, embracing all who had contributed to the enjoyment of the children in the huuse. The Chairman in seconding the vote of thanks to the donors, asked that the vote of thanks also include the Master and Matron and the other officers who had done so much to look after the children. Ha was sure that had those who contributed to the fund seen the children or been with them at Rhyl, they would have been sure that their money WAS neither ill-spent or ill-enjoyed: (Bear, hear.) . . . .

Mr. Norman intimated he would include that. The vote was unanimously carried. Mr. Cunnah returned thsnks briefly. On the motion of Ms. J. Mclntyre it was unanimously decided to grant the testimonials to the industrial trainers.

CONSTITUTIINAL CLUB FOR RUNCORN.

At a meeting of the promoters of the above club last week Mr. Davies. Runcorn, was appointed architect, for the purpose of drawing up p!ans of the proposed Con- stitutional Club for Runcorn.—The site of the building has been fired at the bottom of Greenway-road opposite the " Cleayland Hotel."

===== 0002601_18990915_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
" WARRINGTON EXAMINER SERIES" COUPON, SEPTEMBER 15, 189 L OUR FOOTBALL CONIPETITION. £5O for 12 correct results ; £2O for 11 correct results (if Z-so is not won) ; £l5 for next best if neither £5O nor £2O is won ; £5 for next best (if Zso or £2O is won) ; £2 I.os. to the sender of the most Coupons.

An Aggregate Prize of .Z. 50 will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the ,Z. 50 prize will be credited with 4. points; the £2O prize 3 points; the o prize z points; and the prize I point. (20 Coupons for SHILLING P. O. , • If in Stamps, 15 are required.

Aggregate Prize £5O 44_1 must be won.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EACH OF TI

Lects to win in

i'ree r 1 2 3 I 4 5 6 1 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 116 17 18 19 20 ',....1 . _ ....... 1 ... , I . I I , I I ! , ... 1 I I I i .. , . : , , I ... ..... ...... , ... , ... I I i i , , 1 ...

===== 0002601_18990915_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
IE I\7ol

BERS BELOW REPRESENTS A COUPON.

MATCHES PLAYED SEPTEMBER 23.

1 Wolverh,Lmpton W. v 2 Glossop North End

1 Notts Forest 2 Stoke ...

1 Liverpool v 2 Bverton

1 Manchester City N, 2 Notts. County ... -

1 Chesterfield v 2 New Brighton ...

1 Luton v 2 Leicester Fosse ...

1 Walsall v 2 Woolwich Arsenal

1 Gra.vef,end v 2 Queen's Park Rangers .

1 Bristol City v 2 Southampton ...

1 Huddersfield y 2 Halifax

1 Rochdale Hornets v 2 Warrington

I Devonport Albion v 2 Exeter ...

"WARRINGTON EXAMINER" SERIES CO Each Club is numbered lor 2. All the Competitor has to do is to repeat ti space provided. If a dr iw is intended put X. —NOTR.—Don't out the Coupon into stripe This Competition is run iin conjunction with the " Competition Key."

fle number of the Club he eel

send the complete form.

NAME ..,

ADDRESS

CONDITIONS.

I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more th.n one free coupon, Enclose Id. stamp for every othar coupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be enclosed if all the coupons on above sheer, are used. Any number of coupons can be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—ln the event of more than two of the matches not being played on the date given, the £5O prize will not be awarded. 4.—The coupons must be forwarded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to i.e endorsed Football Coupon." so as to be delivered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wesinesday's Postmark, it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. s.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings. give number of Postal Order (if any),'and num— ber of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fee will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7. —All attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in in the next competition, so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors. 9. —The results will appear in the first issue following the result of the matches.

RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

TIIR COUPON PRIZH. The prize of £2 10 offered to the sender of the most coupons has been won by _

TWO COMPETITORS DIVIDE £l5.

The following were the results of the matches in last week's Football Cotnpe, Won Wolverhampton drew with Notts Forest. Burnley drew with Stoke. Sunderland beat Liverpool. West Bromwich best Aston Villa. Newcastle United beat Bverton, Sheffield United beat Blaxkhurn Rovers, Notts County drew with Bury, Gravesend United drew with South- ampton, Chesterfield drew with Lincoln, Leicester Fosse beat Barnsley, Woolwich Arsenal beat Luton. Walsall beat New Brighton. No competitor gave 11 or 12 correct results, but Mr. GEORGE MASON, Hursley, near Winchester, Hants ; and Mr. THOMAS ANDREWS. Donnington-lane. Hugglescote. Leicestershire, gave 10 correct results on one coupon, and will therefore divide the £l5 price.

MR. H. E. PITTAIL 72, Fore-street,

London, R.C. who sent in 1640 coupons. All other competitors who sent in not less than forty attempts, will have their coupons added to the number they send in in the next competition. If no alteration is found necessary before September 23rd, the above named winners will receive cheques for the amounts named on that date.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGAIEN'S MISSION BANK QUAY.

TEA pA.itTI AND CONCERT IN TIIE NEW SCEIOOLS.

The new schools in coanection with the Working- men's Mission, Bank Qaay, so generously presented to the neighbourhood by Councillor John Crosfield have now been in tale for about a fortnight, and to celebrate their opening a tea party and concert were held in them on Monday evening. At 6 o'clock, about two hundred sat down to tea, and ample justice was done te a mot excellent repast. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mesdames George Dale, Thomas Dale, Edward Wallington, Joseph Burndred, George Hassell, R Turner,Thomas Ashley, T Taylor, Birch, J S Monks, Josenh Monks, junior, A Rough, Joseph Taylor, and Ball. At a quarter Co eight an entertainc'ent was given, Mr. R. A. Naylor,who was accompanied by Miss Naylor, occupying the chair. There was an exceptionally large attendance, the building being filled to its Utmost capacizy. In opening the proceedings, The CaaiintaN, who was cordially received, said that in the first place he wished to teank them for their hearty reception, and in the sscoed place to congratu- late them on the fact that they had taken possession of those buildings provided through the munificence oE the ' benefactor, Councillor Crosfield. lie had been to many gatherings similar to the preseet one, in the old schoolroom, and had always found that the programme their friends had arranged was of it very high class character. Ther - had been nothing of a low or vulgar character, which could only appeal to the degraded twos of humanity. It had always been of a very elevating class, and he believe] the friends in that new building would carry out the idea that had prevailed in the past, that they would do nothing to drag down, but do something to lift up those who attended those gatherings. Some people thought we were not a musical nation, and that we did not care for music. He had been to a great many entertainments in different parts of the country,and had noticed that whenever there had tren a piece of music of a high-elass character, it had been mivh appreciated A song of an elevated teedencv always receive] the heartiest round of applause. We might not be so far advanced as some of our continental neighbours, hut we meat not forget that in the past, Eegland had produced some very fine musicians. To hundred years ago an English musician died, and was buried in Westminster Abbey. He referred tri the man of whom they were all proud as Englishmen—Henry Purcell. (Applauee). He was a musical genius and could compose the most beauti- ful aathems when a mere boy. As he advanced in years he produced some magnificent pieces of music, some of which were sung in the churches of this countryto day. He did not liva to be an old man for he died in the prime of manhood. It was recorded that he was once Olin- manded by Mary,the Consort of King William. to Appear before her at a certain house she was visiting. He then played the laarpsicord and the Queen asked hinito per- form a Scottish ballad called "Cold and Raw," and that piece so irr tated him because it was of a vulgar character that he never forgot it, and when commanded to compose a birthday ode in the year 1692 he performed what in the musical world would be considered a won- derful feat. He arranged to introduce the Sco'ch bal- lad alluded to, the air to form the bass part of the beautiful piece of music which he produced and which was sung as a birthday ode in honour of her Majesty. That he (Mr. Naylor) considered a most difficult task but Purcell was only one of the many musical geniuses produced by England. Re was proed to know that the musical education of the rising generation was not beine neglected. He thought people were growing fonder of music every day, for music had its charms and was said to have an effect even on the savage beast.. (Laugh- ter and applause.) An excellent programme was then anbmitted, the artistes being Mr John Watson and Miss Mabel Watson, of Burnley, society entertainers, Miss Lena Dobson, of Warrington (contralto), and Miss R Attwood. A.L.C.M., of Crewe (silo pianist and accompanis`). All the Reim were mest credi.lably rendered. Mr. Watson scared a gre at success with Jerome's .ketch " How Uncle Podger hurl.' the Picture," which caused roars of laughter. His other contributions " The old man goes to town," and " How we laugh," were also well received. Miss Watson was deservedly applauded for her rendition of the song " Good-night, pretty stars," for the sineine of which she was awarded a gold medal at Manchester in 1896. Mr. and Miss Watson also sang a couple of humorous duets entitled " The Naegletons" and " A.8.C." Miss Attwood, of Crewe gave two pianoforte solos with taste and skill,and the audience were no stinting in their ap- plause. She also discharged the &Ales of accompanist. Miss Lena Dobson pessessen a sweet contralto voice, which was beard to advantage in the songs "Kathleen Mavourneen," and " By the Fountain," for the latter of which she was vigourensly encored and in reeponse feelingly sang "The Old Folks at Home." At the conclusion of the concert, Mr. DALE said he had plea sore in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. and Miss Naylor for their kindness in

attending the concert. He said they came with great readiness to any of their meetings to which they were invited. He was informed that Mr. N tylor bad two

other engagements for that night when asked to atta,nd the meeting, but he decided to forego the other two and corns there. (Applau ;e.) He had also to thank the artistes who had so ably entertained them. He thought they were new to them, bathe was sure they would all be pleased to hear them again. Their best thanks were due te the artistes aad also to the ladies who prepared the tea and presided at the tables,and to those who had so reeeily responded to teeir invitation to IiFSISt them. Mr. Ashley was appointed to wait upon tho friends of the mission and ask them in addition to the money they paid for admission to the entertainment if they could see their way to assist them by giving subscriptions. He 6?1; out with the idea of realizing £2O. It had been said to him by people who did no: fully understand the cir- cumstances that they thotieht Mr. Crosli old defrayed all I expenses of the sehools. Mr. Crosfield, in the kindness lof his heart, had given them that beautiful building where all the children of the neighbourhood were made welcome on the Sabbath Day, and educated during the week-days, but the amount required was to defray ex- penses incurred at the opening ceremony, and to provide furuiture for the schools. The schools were very largely attended, last Sunday there being in the vestry alone 127 children, in addition to those in the large room. As 11,3 before s-iid Mr. Ashley set out with the idea of col- lecting Z2O, and of that amount he had al- ready got £l6, and they thought the BUM required would be realised. The building was used for the purpese of training the eniliren on the Sabbath Day, and for educational purposes on week days, and it ought to be a pieaeure for the people of the neighbourhood to send their children there and feel they were in such a beinliful room. As far as the sanitary arrangements 07-:ire concerned the schools were everything that could be desired. Be thanked the friend; who were present that night. There were strange faces among them and he was sure they all gave them a hearty vveleome, end would he glad to see them in the Sunday School, or at the Mission. There was plenty of work for those t ) do who were disposed to assist them, in traiaing the children to serve tbe Lord Jesus Christ, to teach them what was right and what was wrong and to lead noble and true lives. They hoped they would help them lo that important work. Sunday School work was not looked upon by the majority of people in the light that it ought to he. If the work of those who voluntarily gave their services in the Sunday School was more highly appreciated it would be a greater enceurigemenc for them to do it. They gave all present a cordial welcome to the new Sunday School and hoped it would not he the last time they would see them. He wes glad the first gatherieg had been successful and hoped it would auger well for tlite future. Be moved that their best thanks be tendered to Mr. and Miss Naylor for their presence that night,and all ceucerned in the success of the gathering. He had heard Mr. Naylor make use of that saving"' Mary bad a little lamb, and wherever Mary went the lamb was sure to go." (Laughter.) Wherever Mr. Naylor went, Miss Naylor was sure to go or vice verse, but they did not know which was Mary and which was the lamb. (Laughter.) He had pleasure in moving the vote of thanks.

Mr. ASHLEY seconded in appropriate terms. Mr. EDWARD WALLINGTON said he must apologize for appraring b ,fore them, but he hal been ordered be the treasurer of the day school to tell them that the differ- ence between the £l6, and the £2O they wanted had been made up. (Applause) He must coagratulate the committee cf the miss-oa on having such a successful eatherine, and on having such a chairman to preside for them. Mr. Naylor was always ready with his presence, and his speeches, and with his in iney, to help forward any good cause. (Rear, hear.) Th, causl for which they were assembled that night was a geed one, it could not be better, and that wag, to wipe off the debt iccurrel at the openine eeremony, and to provide furniture for the school. Through the splendid libera- lity of Mr. Crosfield they had a building worthy of the name of a school. (Applau4e) Not very many years ago any kind se a beildine was consi iered good enough to educate children in and In his rambles throughout the country, he had seen places that were not fit to be usNl as sehools. Some rooms he had seen would scarcely be ceneithred good enough to be used as stables, and yet they had boys and girls spending twenty-five hours a week in such places. Thanks to Mr. Crosfield they bad a sp:endid building, and he considered it the duty of the commit' e 4 of the missi on and the thy school committee to furnish it, and let the furniture harmonise with the buildine. It had beee his pleasing duty that afternoon to do something towards furnishing it both for the day school and Sunday school. (Applause.) They ought to furnish it in a becomng way and have something before the eyes of the children that would influence them in after years. There was no telling what influence a thing of beauty had upon the minds of children. Let them train their children to be familiar with beautiful things so that they might love that which was beautiful when they grew up. In conclusion be beeeed to support most heartily the vote of thanks proposed by Mr. Dale and Mr. Ashley. With their permission he would put it to the meeting. The motion was carried with aceamation.

Mr. NAYLOR in re-p!y said he rejoiced with them at the success that hid attended the gathering. He hoped the workers at the Bank Qlay Mission would have the blessing of the A'mighty resting upon them in all the efforts they were putting forth for His glory and for the honour of His great name. The proceedings wete then brought to a close by the singing of " God save the Queen.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AGGREGATE PRIZE.

Mr. J. N. Pentelow has scored three points for the aggre- gate prize, Mr. G. Mason three points. Mr. T. Andrews two points, and Messrs. Gale. Dic;anew], Tugwell, Funnel!, Proctor, Davis. and Harrison, one each

===== 0002601_18990915_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
6 k

UNSOLICITED TESTIMONY.

I.—Mr. Owen, Ty Main Farm, Newborough, writes as follows :—" I can give the highest praise to the valuable remedy, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. I bad long suffered from Debility and Weakness, and really thought I should never recover. My medical men were privately of the same opinion. But when I commenced taking this Precious Medicine, to my great eurprise and joy, as well as that of my family ; I rapidly improved, and now feel myself quite another being ; and I shall ever praise Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters as The Best Remedy for Debility and Weaknee;." No 2.—Mr. Edwards, of Williamstown, writes as fol- lows :--" I can safely say that Gwilym Evans' Qeinine Bitters have done wonders for me. After suffering for twelve months from Debility, and trying several doctors sad different remedies withont any benefit, I was ad- vised to try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and the re- sult has been good." No. 3.-11 r. Broke, 89, Kelsbaw-street, Liverpool, writes as follows I have suffered from Indigestion and Liver Complaint for many years, but after taking the Wonderful Medicine,Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, for only two months, I am happy to say it has given me great relief." No. 4.—Mr. Evans," 41, Henry-street, Birmingham, writes as follows :—" I have very great pleasure in bearing testimony to the benefit I have received from taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. lam never without a bottle in the house, and it is invaluable to me. I suffered very much from Indigestion. Nervous- ness, and Debility, and often I had very severe pains in my bead, so that to me it has proved quite a boon, as I can rely upon it to give me relief. I confidently recom- mend it to every one I meet who suffers in the same way. Ft nd my recommendation has always proved a blessin Ef. " No. 5.--Mrs. Kirkham, 31, Dunstall-street, Wolver- hampton, writes as follows :—" I have suffered from Indigestion and Pains in the Head from three to four years, but after taking two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, I feel completely cured, and never felt better in my life." No. 6.—Mr. Williams, 11, Surrey-lane, Battersea. writes as follows :—" I shall not fail to recommend Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters to all sufferers that come under my notice, as it is a Medicine that I have proved to be mor3 excellent even than what you profess it to be. This World-renowned Preparation is sold in bottles 24 9 and 4s 6d each. everywhere,or the Proprietors will forward direct on receipt of stamps to the above carriage free. The Sole Proprietors are The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. This is most im- portant. When purchasing, always see the name "Gwilym Evans " on Lain!, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none are qPnuine. .GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. OWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES'

SHOCKING PARENTAL NEGLECT AT WARRINGTON. At the Warrin4ton Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. T. Birchall and ether magistrates, James and Eden Hennighan were charged on a warrant with neglecting their four children in a manner likely to cause them nnneceepary suffering and injury to. health.—Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. said that prisoners formerly lived in Winwick-road. The man was a labourer earning 183 2d a week; his wife was employed in a marine store shop and earned 53 and a son 83. Inspector Hackett on the 27th May visited the house and found that both father and mother wer. away, pre- sumably at work, but the family were in a terrible con- dition. The children were fairly well nourished, but they were badly clothed, and their clothing was also filthy and dirty, indeed they looked more like street arabs than anything else. A summons was issued against the parents, but they did not appear, and it was ascertained that they had gone to Manchester, and that being the case it was de- cided to take no further action against them while thay remained in that city. Their neglect in Mancheeter.how- ever, came under the notice of the atrhorities, and a re- presentation was made to Inspector Eiackett, at War- riugton, with the result that the prisoners were appre- hended and brought here. The children were sent to the Manchester Shelter, and they would be handed over to the Goardians, where they would be better looked after. Their ages were twelve, seven, five, and four years. Mr- Brown described the condition of the children, which was disgraceful, and askrd the Bench to deal with the prisoners severely.— The Chairman: No wonder there is a spread of disease 'under such circumstances.—Inspector Hack -tt coal- borated.—_-William Jones, chief school attendanco officer, said the statements which had been made to the Bench were perfectly correct. It was in couseqeence of rep- resentations made to him that be communicated with InspecVir Hackett.—Dr. Bowden said that in his opin• ion the room in which he first saw the children was un- fit for hum in habitation. The child Dania was suffer- ing from a bad eye, the result of celd and dirt.—Evid- ewe having been given by the Manchester inspector, who stated that the prisoners had been living in an attic in Angel-me ado w for which they paid 73. a week (furnished).— The Chief Constable observed that the male prisoner had been before the Bench 18 times, principally for neglecting to send the ctildren 0 school.—The Chair- man (addressing the prisoners) said : 'We have care- fully considered this case. The very fact that you have neglected your children's education shows that you are utterly careless. But that is not the question we have to deal with now. Such peaple as you are a danger to the community, and such dirt cannot exist in a place without spreading disease more or less. You cannot be allowed to treat your children like pigs. You have fed them, there is that to be said for you, but you have taken no care of their health or comfort. We have decided to send you both to gaol for two months with hard labour.

DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT OF BOYS IN RYIANDS-STREET. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks (presiding), and other magistrates, Robert Crozier, 13, Lord Nelson-street, Frederick Dunbobbin, 124, Mersey-street, Alfred Bradshaw, 52, Knutsford- road, Walter Riley, 5, Edlesten's-yard, Alfred Forster, 4, Heath-lane, William Fay and Joseph Fay, 11, Heath- lane, John Fox, 13. Heath-lane, John McCarthy, 3 Glass House Square, Samuel Cambell, 45, SchGol-streeta James Cambelt, 45, School-street, Richard Bradshaw, 27, Lord Nelson-street, Edward Clinton, 9, Town Hill, Frederick Miller, 4, Hart's Place, and George Donough, 2, Hale-street, boys, were all charged with com- mitting a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Rylands-street on the 6h of S i eptember.— P.C. Reddington said that n consequence of complaints received about the disorderly conduct of boys io Rylands-street, he and P.C. Wright visited the street on Wednesday night at about 8 20. They saw the defend- ants acting in a disorderly manner; they were climbing en window sills, and shouting. They also went on the theatre steps, and made a great noise with their clogs, shouted inside and then ran away. They stopped people who came out of the theatre and asked them for their passing-out tickets. When they saw them the consta- bles), the boys all ran away, but they ran them into an entry, and obtained all their names and addresses.—Mr. J. Potter, manager at the Royal Court Theatre,said that boys like defendants were a great nuisance to them and the people who attended the theatre. They stead outside and molested them in order to obtain their tickets. Some even went so far as to steal tickets from ladies. They blocked the steps and made it difficult for anyone to pass out. He had been obliged to complain to the police about the matter. They had been subject to an- noyances for about hiX months, and he himself,had sent boys away scores of tames. bat as soon as he turned his back, they came back again. Their conduct was dia- gracefuL—P.C. Wright gave confirmative evidence.— Crozier, Riley, Bradshaw, aad McDonough, said they had aot done anything at all. They saw the other boy's running, do they went to see what was the matt et.. and the officers caught them—the magistrates thcided to discharge William and Joseph Fay, as their mother had died that morning, and the rest of the defendants were bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay 5' and costs,or in default they would have to he confined in the cells for 12 hours.—The Chairman said it that sort of con- duct continued he hoped Mr. P...tter would inform the police at once.and do his hest to catch some of the bays. They (the Bench) wGuld do their best Co prevent the nuisance occurring.

THE THEFT OF A TRICYCLE.-PRISDNERS AGAIN BEFORE THE MAGISTRATE 3.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday. befre Mr. Garnett and other magistrates, Stephen Brarnhall, Thomas Foy, and Patrick McDonough, b )ys, were charged on remand with stealing a tricycle value 15s the property of John Carmen, cycle repairer. Liverpoal- road.—SupPrintendent Monaghan said that the boys were seen loitering about Mr. CanneWs shop on Thursday afternoon: Mr. Cannell had occa4ion to go inside an .1 when he came out he found the tricycle, which befor3 was in the yard, had disappeared. After making inquiries he obtained a bicycle and overtook the boys at Bald. The eldest one was riding it and the others were

3-F.ps THE S! MID

SUNBURN, HEAT, lON & EOUGHNE!

..., oaks M.BEETIL9M E.,. SON. G d ..ts.. and 25.6 d.. CHELTENHAM \-Zr.rl-0141114113iMettIMII-

KIN COO!. ge P.ETRESMED ~...,,,,. . 14.0 oilrli 'l. 5 4"fitii / 1.- iv al, „,,,, ' entirely , 66, • .5... •• /- I'•ff‘,„_l' t.1r'...0.06.,e , .''. rernoves,Bc 1 '•-• ti izeg - prevents all i ' lie 117PITAT $ a .

===== 0002601_18990915_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
walking one on each side. They were taken to Warring- ton and when charged said they were tired, as they be- longed to Oldham and had walked from there to War- rington. They were remanded in order that inquiries might be made, and they (the police) had ascertained that they had never been in trouble before.—Mc Danough's fa'her was called and said he thought his son had been led astray by the others. He had been away from berm since Wednesday and he (witness) gave in- formation to the police that he was missing.—Mr. Garnett asked if the boy had ever been to Sunday' school. —Mc Dmough replied that he had uo till lately.—The other boys said they at- tended Sunday school alsa.—The Chairman said the boys were beginning life very badly. Perhaps that was not the first time they had been guilty of a similar offence. They (the Bench) were very sorry to see them starting life in that way. If they wished to make men of themselves they were acting on wrong lines so far. They were liable to be sent to prison for a considerable length of time. They had been in gaol since Thursday. How did they like it P—Bramhall : We don't like it at all, sir.—Tke Chairman : We will record a conviction against yoit which will stand in this book as a record against you so that if anything comes out against you again you will be liable to punishment.—Mr. Taylor, the 'Police Court Missionary, said he would see that the toy's fare to Oldham was paid, if McDonough would under- take to see them there.—McDonough said he would do so.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDA.Y.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberts, Councillor Smethurst, Dr. Cfornall, and Messrs. Hepherd

and S. Wright

DRUNK AND DISOBDERLY.—Thomas Kelly, Bank-streetand Michael Cunningham, Bo e cock-street, old offenders, were each fined 10s. and costs with the alternative of 14 days im- prisonment for being drunk and disorderly in Arpley-row at 3.35 the previous afternoon. POULTRY KEEPERS PROSECUTED.—Thomas Fitzpatrick. Cobden-street, was summoned t.) show cause why an order should not be made for him to abate a Nuisance at 20, Cobden- street, arising from the keeping of poultry.—lnspector Nor- man said defendant had a pen in his yard where he kept poultry, The poultry were a nuisance to the neighbaurs. He served him with a notice in July and had seen him person- ally to endeavour to persuade him to get rid of t .e poultry but he refused. He asked for an order for the nuisance to be abated and for the defendant to pay costs.—He defendant said he was a dealer in poultry The fowls were not a nuis- ance to the neighbours. His yard wee eleven yards long and eleven and a half feet wide. The hen pen was seven and a half feet long, four and a half feet in breadth, and was six lest high. He had never received any complaint from the neighbours about the ponitry.—fnspector Norman said the fowls were con- tinually going into other people's yards. There had been a great number of complaints ahont fowl keeping, letters having appeared in the papers.—Defendant was ordered to abate the nueance in 14 days. —Alderman Roberts remarking that he did not think the Inipec or made the best of his case.—Matilda Hastings was summoned for a similar com- plaint at 93. Bostock-street.—lnspector Norman said defend- ant kept fowls of varloyis descriptions on the premises, and he had repeatedly asked her to get rid of them. They had several complaints ebout the fowls„ as they went in other people's yards and on the walls. When he visited the place the first time there were twelve fowls and when he went the next time there was only one. He thought she muse be getting ridof them but when he went thefollowing week,they had all come back again. Defendant had no henpen, butt kept them in bacon boxes.—Dr. Gtornall said that a few weeks ago be visited the house No. 91, Bostock-street, and the occupier conapleinel to him about the condition of the next yard. He visited the place immediately afterwards and found the yard to be unpaved. Tbere were pools of water here and there and the atench from the fowls rerreeeted to the house next door. Fowls were an Intolerable nuisance in hot weather, and it was impossible to keep them in Warrington. and have the place clean. Warrington was full of filth.—Defendant was fined 5s and amts.—John Hindon, 55, Hoyle-street, and Samuel Tye, 91. Longford-street were ordered to abate a nuisance arising from the keeping of fowls on their premises. WIFE DESERTION.—SamueI Johnson, 37. Cherley-street, was charged with deserting his wife Bertha Johnson. 69, Forster-strew .—Complainant said that her husband left her twelve mouths ago last Match, and she had never seen him till the present time. He had not sent her any money.— Defendant said that when he came oat of prison, where he had been for a month. his wife had gone and he could not find her anywhere. —The magistrates made a separation order, defendant to pay 81. a week towards the maintenance of his wife and child.

-.-- ALLEGED ASSAULT ON AN OLD WOMAN—Annie liares, Berry',vaed, was summoned for aosaulting Elfen Sissy, an eld-rly woman 21. Portiand-streat, on August 26th.—Shay who described herself as a po )r widow woman, said that on the date in question she was going to the pawnshop. Defeadmt was stood at her door and when *he passed the house, she came out, caught her by the hair and" hammered her." She pulled her spectacles off, and stamped on them.— Defendant said that Shay caused the bother.—The magis- trates let her off with a caution.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. T. Birehall (in the chair), R. T, Fakelough and J. Vy..l-Ilyward.

A MONTH FOR DRUNKENNESS.— dri dget Curley was eh rgeti with having been drunk and disorderly in Bold-street at 3-10 on Friday afternoon.--She pleaded not guilty.—P.O Stuart said he saw the prisoner is Bo•d-street, she was sitting on a door- step and acting in a disgraceful manner With assistance she was carried to the Police Station.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner only came out of gaol on Friday morn- ing —She was sent back again for one MO lth. SMLSHING WINDOW2.—JOhn Hooper WAS charged with wilfully breaking six panes of glass at the lodging-honse of Patrick Daly, 37, Scotland-road, at 11.50 on Friday night, doing dam sge to the extent of lOs —He pleaded guilty.— Charles Houghton, labourer. lodging at the house, stated that at the time in question he heard the sound of breaking glass in the top room, where the prisoner slept. Witness informed the manager. who communicated with the police. Prisoner was the worse for drink.—Patrick Daly said the damage wonld be 10s.—The Chief Constable remarked that the prisoner was a very crazy fellow when drunk. There were several convictions against him and he had been in the army.—Prisener said he had to put up with a great deal at the lodging-house.—The Chairman: Then why do you stop there ?—Prisoner Because the place is very comfortable. the beds being kept very clean.—He was ordered to pay 105. for damaging the windows, 10s. and costs (£1 Ss. 6d. in all). MONDlY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair). Alderman Blackhurst.. Councillor Smethurst., and Messrs. S. Wright

and Birchall. DRUNKENNES..—John Beesley, Bank-itrent, was on ths evidence of P.C. Cooper (20), fined ss. for being drunk and disorderly in Bewsey-street at 5.45 on Saturday evening ; Catherine Richardson, 3, Bayhorse-yard, was fined ss. and costs for a like offence. MILITARY BLANKETS TAKEN FROM THE BIRRACKS.—Mary Alice Mayling, a young woman, r- siding at 24, Jockey- street, was charged with receiving from a soldier at Orford Barracks a military blanket.—She pleaded guilty.—P.C. Cooper (20) said that shortly b -fore one o'clock that morning he was on duty in Longford-street when he SAW prisoner. He noticed she had something bulky under her shawl, so he stopped her and asked her what she had g it. She replied that she had nothing. He old her that he wanted to see what she had under her shawl and she there- upon produced the blanket, saying teat a soldier at the Barracks had given it to her. He to her to the Police Station. and she said notning in reply ta the charge. —Colour- Serdeant Fosby said that the blanket b -longed to the troops at Orford Barracks. and prisoner had no right to it. Ten blankets were missed from the Baeracks a month aeo. Mr. Birchall• How would the woman get it.—Witness: It might be handed over the wall—The Chairman asked if they had no means of finding out who gave it to her.—Superintendent afonaghan said that prisoner hat given the name of the man wno handed it to her. She had been before the Court pre- viously for sleeping out, and hal been taken to a home, but would not stop there.—A fine ol 203 and costs, with the alternative of a month's imprisonment was linpose.l. KEEPING A DONKEY IN • WORKSM/P.—John Forster, 93, Longford-street, was summoned for. keeping a donkey on his premises so as to be injurious to health. —Chief Inspector Norman said that the donkey together with a horse WAS kept in a workshop in the yard of the defendant. The place was drained. and there was an accumulation of not properlV manure.—Defendant said his stable was 32 feet from the back door of the house. He had seen the Borough Surveyor about the matte", and had sent a plan of the premises to the Street Improvement Committee. He had not yet received any communication from the committee.—The magistrates decided to adjourn the case for a fortnight, in order that they might see what view the Street Imarovernent Committee took if tte matter. DiSORDERLY YOUTHS AT LaTcqFoen.—Freciericifi Thorn- ton. 265, Knutsford-road ; Peter Kirkham, 282, K utsford- road ; George Knight, 275, Knutstord-road ; Frank Scott. 6, Frederick-street, and erederiak Banning. 2. Haddon-cottages. youths, were charged with committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in Knutsforl-ro id. on the 30th August —P.C. Corcoran said that at 8 30 on the data in question he was on duty in Knutsford-ros.d when he saw the defendants standing on t e footpath at the corner of Wash-lane. They were shouting and making uso of bad language' and insulting passers-by. He obtained their names and addresses and reported them He received complaints about their con hilt from people residing in the neighbourhood, and had cautioned them several times —Annie Armstead said she kept a shop in Wash- lane and had been annoyed by the boys for some time past She had complained to the Chief Constable about their con- duct. They bad continued tto-jr bad behaviour after receiv- ing their summonses.—Defendants were bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the full costs Ss, the chairmen remarking that young men like them ought to conduct themselves like young men, and not like blackguart. If , they came there again they wculd be more severely dealt with.

FIGHTING IN BUTTERMA.RICP:T-STREET.--Joieph Laffey, Sandy-lane, Orford was charged with committing a breach of the peace by fighting in fluttermarket-street.on SeMember 2nd.—P.C. Muskett proved the case, and defendant was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay es 64 OBSTRuCTION. —George Holmes, greengrocer, Cheshire Cheese Yard, and George Longshaw, greengrocer, Mill-street, were on the ;information of P.C. Raxendale, fined 5s for caus- ing an obstruction by allowing their handcart s to stand in Lyme-street longer than necetsi y on Senternber 2nd ; John Maguiness, 19. Winwiek-street, a fruiterer, WA! fined 5s for carisiog an obstruction in Winwick-street. by leaving a truck on the footpath on September Ist. DOG UNMUZZLED.—Benjamin Lowe, pawnbroker, Dial- street was fined 5s for allowing his dog to be at large un- muzzled in Church-street on 16th inst. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. Garnet,t..(in the chair), Councillor

===== 0002601_18990915_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Shaw Green. and Mr. Birchal

DRUNK AND DIsORDERLY.—Mary Grimes, who made her 16th appearance, was committed to gaol for 14 day. for being drunk and disorderly on Bank Quay Bridge a-, 12.5 that morning. ALLEGED WIFE ASSAULT —John Garnett. 33. Marsb-3t., was charged on a warrant; with assaulting his wife ltachaei Garnett, on the 10th inst.—Compiain,mt stated that on Sunday afternoon her husband came 'n drunk anti com- menced to abuse his eldest daughter. She interfered and he thereupon hit her with a shovel three or four times —Pri- soner said that his wife hit him with a shovel. Some time ago she threw a lamp at him, and split his head with a poker.—The Chairman asked why the daughter was not pie- sent at court--Complainant said that she did not like to ap- pear agrinst her tatber.—The Case was allowed to stand over till the daughter could be brought to court. She was sent for, but gave her evidence very reluctantly. —The magistrates decided to adjourn the case for a month on the man promis-

===== 0002601_18990915_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15 18991

ing to sign the pledge and behave better towards his family in the future.

IRREGULkIi ATTENDANCES SCHOOL.—A. number nf persons were dealt with for failing to sead their children regularly to seNool.—Mr, Jones, chief school attendance officer proved the cases. The following decisions were come to :—John Hargreaves 19. Stevenson-street, fined 28 ; Thomas Moody, 21, Pierpoint-streat, forgeman, fined 5s George Rowlands. 341, Win wick-road, labourer, case dismissed ; John Houghton, 14, P. ilip-street, fined 2s ; James Oliver, 67. Ho‘mard-street. forgeman, fiaed 2s ; Thomas Jones. 52. Howard-street, Fogleman, order made to attend school ; Thomas Wright, 8, Brown-street, case M- journed ; Alfred Hoyles, 35, Turner-street, fined 2s; George Jaundroll, 38, Jockey-street.' fined 2s 63 ; Jobs O'Niel. 42, Warburton-street, forgeman. eafs ad- journed ; Henry Mather, 27, Warburton-street fined 2s 61 ; Richard Tranter, 2, Warburton-str -et, forge,man, case ad- joorned ; Samuel Havard, 36. Oliver-street. forzemnn. fined 45.; William Lythgoe, 20, Portland-street, labourer, case ad- , journerl ; George Wilcock, 10, B octer.street. boy sent to Hightown Truant Slhool ; Joseph Clare, 7. Gene al-street, case withdrawn ; John Henry Craddock, 172, Battersby-lane, fined 2s 6d; Henry Newton, 70, bythgoes-line. case ad- journed ; Michael Joseph Cryan, 53, Scott-street, fined 2s 6rl ; William Henry %lairs , 8. Barry-street, labourer, fined 4s ; James Lawrenson, case withdrawn • James Scully, 35, Schoo!-brow, labourer case adjourned; John Mills, Dye Houses, Howley, labourer, fined ss.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Alderman James Fairclough ln tha . chair) and Mr. Birchall. _ _ . __ ... . .

ASSAULT ON .A. CONSTABLE. —John Mulligan was charged with assaulting P.C. Turner whilst acting in the execution of his duty in Bewsey-street at 7-15 on Tuesday night.—P.O. Turner said that at the time name I he was on duty in Horse- market-street. when he received informai ion that a policeman was wanted in Bewsey-Areet. When he got there he found that a winiow in the house of the Vicar of St. Paul's Church had been broken. and prisoner was pointed out to him as beingithe man who had broken it. He went after him to:see whether he had done it wilfully, and when he was near to him, prisoner rushed at him like a dog and butted him in the chin They closed together, but assistance was rend .red by another man, awl h took prisoner to th Police Station. James Know& the man in question, gave corroborative evidence, and prisoner who had made three previous appear- ances was committed to gaol for a month. THEFT OF A SElA.WL.—Hannah Kinsey. Mary Newton, and Nary Leigh, middle azed women,were charged toget,er with stealing from the dwelling-nouse of Walter Hill, 7. Chester' street. at 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon a shawl valued at 63 the prvperty of Annie ey pleaded guilty. —Superin- tent Monaghan said the first and third prisoners were sisters to the prosecutor. They and Newton went to the house on the afternoon in question under toe influence of drink, and wanted Mrs. Hill to send for beer. She refused,saying that she did not drink, and was not going to encourage them to do so. They then asked her to lend them some inoney,but she would not,and went into the back kitchen. During her absence the prisoner Kinsey took the shawl and they all went outside, and Kinsey gave the shawl to Newton. They got it pledged for Is 6d anri spent the money in drink. Information was given to the police and he (the Superintendent) apprehended the prisoners. They :ntde statements contaminating one another.—Mrs. Hill identified the shawl as being hers It was worth 6s.— Superintendent Monaghan said Newton had been before the Court five time!, and Kinsey -had made two appearance.. Leigh had never been there betore.—The magis- trates decided to fine Leigh 5s and costs with the alternative of sevtn days imprisonment, and Kinsey and Newton 103 and costs or 14 days.

RUNCORN PET FY SESSIONS

MONDAY —Before Mesar9, John Ookleston (presi4lng). an 3

Wiswall.

013jECTIONS TO VArCINLTIoN. William Fos-Ids. 23. Waterloo-road, applied for a certificate of exempticn from vaccination in respect of his child born on the 4th of June last. He had a conscientious Ajection to vaccination. for there had been two cases within his own family, one where vaccination had Droved ineffa:tive against small pox, and the other where the oneration of vaccination had left detrimental results. The Chairman : Yen take the anus on your own shoulders for I cannot.—The application was granted. LIMNSE Tworsymßs.--Alex,nder Carruthers applied for a t.ansfer of the license of Vie " 0 ldfellows Arms " of Wellington-street. lately otrupied by Mr. John Marsh.— Inspector Hicks stated that inquiries had been made as to the applicants character and all found satisfactory. The police had no objection to the application being gran'ed.—The transfer was granted._

HOAXING AN OLD COUPLE WITH AN OLD TRlCK.—krthur Sefton. 16, and Jonathan Stringer. 17, both of Heath-road. Runcorn, were summoned for unlawfully and wantonly throwing and diseharging certain missiles in Heath-road to the danger of residents and passengers in such street, on the 30th day of August.—Both pleaded guilty.—Jsmes Helsby. of 6, Heath-road, butcher, stated on the Wednesday night he was seated in the kitchen with his wife, and was busy mak- ing skewers by the light of a lamp near to the window. He heard an explosion like the breaking of glass. He thought at first the lamp had exploded. H 3 went out and ran the boys, but could not see who th,y were. He found the broken bottle (produced) outside. Three of the neighbours came running to see what the matter was, and it was then found that a pane of the window had been broken. He repoeted the matter to the pollee.—Jnseph Bignall. aged 17, a black- smith's striker gave evidence to the effect.that it being a dark night he and the defendants arranged to have a juke with the old people. One of them was to throw some cinders ligh ly upon the window and the other was to throw a bottle and smash it upon the fhor foe the old peop'e to think that the window was brokee..—De'enslants admitted that was 30, but said they did not smash a window. —The Chairman stated that it was a dangerous practice and one that should be stooped. They would be fined 6s and 93 61 costs each. NEIGIIBIURS INDULGING IN PROFANITY.—LuT Newport and Catherine Massey, of Brunswick-street, neighbours,were summonsn by the police for using obscene language in Brunswick-street. an-a Massey's court respectively on the 23rd of August.—Newport app-ared and pleaded guilty.— The hu•band appeared for Massey.—lnspEctor Wets stated on the We Inesday afternoon in question he was in (if hureh- street when he heard the noise in Brunswick-itreet made by the two defendants. Mrs. Newport was using language not fit to be heard in any part of the world—Mrs. Newport con- tended that she had been aggravated by Mrs. Massey and owned she used some expressions she should not have done. The other woman was worse than her. —Newport was deed 10s. includ:ng costs —The case against Massey was adjourned the Chairman remarking if she did not appear at the next court a warrant would be issued against her. DRUNK AND FortGETFul..—Jannes Booth, of Weston, admitted being drunk and incinable on the 9th inst., at Runs corn.—P.C. J. qregory stated he came across the man at 9 p.m in Brook-street Having advised him to go home with- out any effeat, he was obliged to eventually lock him up.— Defendant admitted all the Constable said and arld, d he was very forgetful when he had drink. He took the Constable to be a friend from Northwich and:as far as he could remember they hat a nice conversation. (Laugh' er.)—Fined 105. in- cluding costs.

N view of the approaching Football Season. it may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed manuf4cturers. GE°. G. BlyagEy & Co., of London, are preparing a stock of Balls, which for qualitt, uniformity, ant durability, will be unique. These btlis will be distinguished by the app.arance thereon of their well known trade mark 46690. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria-street London Factories —Peckh4m, London; and Blrnsvrell, Suffolk.—Advt.

*** Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played osi Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bawsey-street. Warrington. n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be Inserted.

and returning, the Runcorn forwards made further inroads into Broughton territory • Faulkner accomplished a fine run, Warder making way for him- Whitehead obstructed Jones, and was penalised. Then followed an excitingly keen bout, in the course of which a good mark was secured for Runcorn ; from this Farmer liickei a really fine goal against the wind. Lamb then vot off,but had soon to retire. Walker received and fed Faulkner. That player set the Runcorn three-quarters in motion with pretty eff,ct. War ler ktcking btrongly, however, gave W. James ample opportunity to clear, which he did effectively. Following up smartly he had a passage at arms with Houghton, but the latter came off b effecting a spanking save. From now to the interval Runcorn ran Broughton off their legs. Half- time sccre : Runcorn 1 goal 1 try 5 points. Broughton nil.

Upon Lamb restarting, it was at once seen that Run corn were the only team with any play left in them. Jolley returned and kicking over the line W. James coolly touched down. Gayter marked from the drop out. Again was the ball sent over the Broughton line and again a touch down and drop out was taken. This time Jolley was the catcher, and with his usual good judgment ventured a drop, which addel a further two points to the score. Broughton then paid a flying visit to Eloughton'a charge, but Sammy was not allowing any privileges, and the strangers had to retire. Recovering their lost ground a scrum, resulted in Broughton terri- tory. Jolley picked up from behind the pack, and added a further goal with another of his effective drops. Both these successes, which followed one another closely were enthusiastically received. Shortly after Butterworth receiving from Faulkner dashed over the line and placed where he liked. Farmer converted easily. Broughton fell to pieces after this reverse, and soon after, Jones as the result of a magnificent piece of work in which all the Runcorn backs figured, to.-)11 the ball, raced over, and plac,d down between the sticks. Farmer again secured the major point. W. James caused considerable amusement to the spectators at this stage of the game, for re dising it was useless to try and recover 19 points, he played most cautiously and touched down whenever danger threatened. But the scoring was not over for Jolley again added a goal with a third heautiful4drop. Shortly afterwards the end came. Broughton being van- quished. The final result was Runcorn : 6 goals 3 tries, 21. points. Broughton: nil.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

BOWLING HANDICAP cIT EA.RLE9TOWN.

A handicap at blwis for Mr. W. Beatty' priz4 was nlavei on the Institute green. Eirlesthwn, oi Sstur lay. There were 31entries. awl some v rnaili were witnesaQd. The fi-st priz, V 743 taken by J Clouf,rh, a pair of bowls; A Haste. 2n4 44 ; third and fourth prizes were divided by J Gee and J HAYDOCK v. GOLTIORNE. Played at ilavdack on Saturdtv. Sc ,re

HIYD3CK. GOLBORNE. Hamilton . 6

T 14Ardnian _

Millington lO B Twist T Day es J Li^esley l5 1-1 Co!quit A. Sinetharat l5 R Wileack

i Wllii-ams l5 R Hembrugh 3 A Shaw . J Simms if Smith 6 P Unsworth J 13,wden D Silarsh P Stirrup S Plant J HasaMen ............... ........ 15 J Lyon .. smith H Pilling

Majoritvl for Haydo,Yr 82. Majority on both grounds for Gob ,rne 30.

....,..._..- BILLIA RDS.

ST. LUKE'S MEN'S CLUB, WALTON, LIVERPOOL, v. WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH Y.M.A.

This match took piaci at the S:. Luke's Club on Satur- day evening, with the following result : ST. LUKE'. Y.M.A. garris Gray iun 36 rJ Kenwright 100 Roberts lOO `ll W Eyre 65 Grey, sen Everitt 45 T Richardson lOO 348 465

Majority for Y.M.A 111

===== 0002601_18990915_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU WAN TO GET WELL

WARNER'S "SAFE" CURES

THE ONLY KXOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver _Diseases,

Inflainmation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheumatism & Gout.

"WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PRoF. Da. H. A. GUNS. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REV. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years."— MAJOR McMußnAv, Armagh. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SQUIARELL, Rugby. •

Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by (f" ~,,,,,,, and Dealer%

===== 0002601_18990915_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

FLETCHER RUSSELL'S GAS ENGINEERS V. RUNCORN RECREATION. —Played at Lovely-lane, Warrington, on oaturday. The home team won the toss and Runcorn commenced the game against a strong wind. The visi- t)rs pressed and several times were very dangerous. Lawless got away and passing to P. Knight that player transferred play to the Runcorn lines. The homestere had some very hard luck here, being several times held up on the line. Play was again transferred to mid- field, where Lawless commenced a passing movement which ended in Plinston being thrown int) touch near the corner flag. The bail now travelled from end to end in rapid succession. Sutton getting possession com- menced a passing movement in which the whole of the backs took part the last to hold being Plinston, who ran finely and grounded near the corner. Lawless failed Ito kick a goal. After restarting the home team came with a rush and another !fine passing about ended in Piinston scoring the second try within a few minutes. Play continued to be in Fletcher's favour, and at half time the sore read—Fletcher's two tries (six points), Runcorn Recs. nil. Directly the ball was set in motion in the sacond half the home team came away with a determined rush and Radford getting the ball made tracks for the line, but was ' checked, and passing to Lawless that player transferred to Plinston, who added his third try. The game was now exciting, and in lees than ten minutes after the restart Lawless again romped over for the locals, Warburton failing to kick the goal. Again the Engineers went to the visitors quarters and this time Spencer scored, the goal kick again failing. For some time the Engineers were on the visitor.' line but eventually a clearance was effected and the outcome was a try for the Recs. the kick at goal being futile. Play for the rest of the game was of a give-tad-take nature and at the conclusion the score read : Fletcher Russell's E,4,Yineerls, five tries (15 points) ; Runcorn Recreation, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_18990915_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATIu,N FouTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FRODSHAM V. ORFORD BARRACKS.—This match was played at Frodsharn in boisterous weather. Froisham won the toss, and Sanders started for the Barracks af,ainst a strong wind. Gleeson gained possession, con- tereri, and Sanders making a good run through the home defence, placed the ball in the net after 15 minutes' play. From the centre the Barracks again went away, and Sanders was again to the front, but the Frodsharn Left back jost nipped in and cleared. Frcdsham broke away, and from a scrimmage in front of goal scored their second goal. This success enlivened the home team,and by some good play they scored two more goals before the terval. Half time—Frod ham, four; Barracks, one. In the second half, Gleeson secured, and his shot at goal struck the uprights and rebounded Imo play, causing the home back to concede a corner. which Gleeson placel well into goal, and Barnett meeting scored a beautiful goal. This result put fresh life into the soldiers, who went away again. Cheetham and Pixton putting in some very c ever work, passed to Sander., who was in fine form, and again eluded the home backs and scored the third goal for the Barracks. The Barracks again went off with a rush, Ball transferring to Sanders, who sent in a "daisy cutter," which the home custodian stopped, but failed to clear, and Thompson rushing up placed tbe ball in the net, thus equalising the score Final result—Frodsham, four goals ; Orford Barracks four goals. WHITE STAR W. V. EARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

The initial home fixture of the Star in the Lancashire League was only fairly patronised on Saturday the Sandfield enclosure being deserving of much better support for such an important fixture, the E srles- town team always being favourites in Bootle. Hulligan started for the Star, who at once got dangerously near Chew, and after several rude by the right wing a centre from Hill was put through neatly by M'Culloch, who was unfortunately ruled offside. From the free kick an incursion was made into the Star quarter, but M'Clelland quickly transferred. and Jones. smartly sending in from the left wing, Cot- ham miejadged the ball, which unfortunately passed between the uprights, thus scoring the Star's first goal. The home forwards continued to combine splendidly and for a time play was mostly in the visi- tors goal, where; Hayes and Poulson offered a stubborn defence. A free kick gave temporary relief, but Body again gave his side possession, arid Hill was cleverly robbed of a cer Ain point by Poulson right in the goal. mouth. The visitors somewhat improved at this point, but although having the benefit of tile wind, and play- ing a strong game, the defence of Body, and M'Clelland was too good to allow of any opportunities being taken and from a free kick to the Star, Chew saved a grand shot under the bar. The home side continued to have the grater portion of the play, but were seldom allowed te trouble Chew,the leather on oneoccasion passing right across the goal mouth from a shot by Hill. The Etrles- town custodian, however, was kept; busy a little later, when he intercepted in clever style shots from bowl' wings, the Star having extremely hard luck in not add- ing to their score. Several times the visitors got up the field, but were oever dangerous. M'Clelland especially being very safe and a stumbling block to the Earles- town left wing. Continuin to keep up the pace, Jones sent in a grand low shot, which Hulligan should have improved upon, the ball passing outside the post. From the free kick Smith and Davies worked to the other end, mid a centre from the former was neatly met by Settle,who equalised with a header-that struck the inside of the post, half time being called with the score—White Star I, Earlastown 1. The second half of the game was mostly in favour of the home team, due chiefly to the want of energy on the part of the visitors and the gam ended by White S'ar winning by 4 goals to NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS v. GOLBORNE.

Played at Newton in rtormy weather, Golbornek;cked off against the strong wind. The home team early rcgis- tered a first point, the goal coming from the roe of Bill. Go!borne equal Led a little later, W Ashton scoring. A good run by Franklin along the line resulted in a corner being forced by the homeaters, which was, however, cleared. A moment later Ellis put Go'borne ahead with an easy shot. The ball was constantly going oat of play through the wind, and good combination was im- possible. The visitors later front a good run scored an offside goal. Good play by the left wing resulted in Butler beating Jenkinson, the visiting custodian. Go!- borne strongly claimed for (aside, but t.) no avail. A second goal was scored by Golborne from a rush, the half-backs IN int; somewhat easily defeated. Half-time was called a little later, with Newton leading by 3 goals to 2, and this was the position at the CNICILISiOII of the game. EARLESTOWN ALBIONS v. EARLESTOWN ATHLETICS.

Played on the Mesnes on Saturday. The athletics won the toss and set the Albions to face a strong wind in th. first half. The opening stages were mostly in favour of the Athletics who aided by the wind made things lively for the Albinns defence, who however manage i to luep them out for some time. Before the interval the Albinns netted the tall three times to their opponents once, this being the score when the whistle blew for the interval. Restoring the Albions had matters all tlpir own way, the Athletics very raroly getting past the half way line during the second half. The ball was put through by the Albions five times and trio Athletics did not even get within shooting distance. Final, Albioxs six ; Athletics three. -

HAYDOCK V. PARR.—Tnis friendly was playel at Hay dock, on Saturday. Fisher mulled, and Gleave robbed him, olssing to Mayor who shot past. Lee had to clear from Thompson, and a shot from Carter went over. Bed shot, but Aqtbury was in the way. Havdock then attacked briefly, Mayor nearly scoring. Highcock. hard pressed again, averted danger and play slowed. Two corners were gained by the visitors, and from the second Taylor scored. &dimly Haydock broke away, and having the goal at their mercy, the forwards fell over each aher. Half-time—Parr 1 goal, Flaydock nil. Final—Hiydock 2, Parr 1.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

WARRINGTON v. LEIGFI A CLOSE STRUGGLE AND A DISAPPOINTING REiULT.

A crowd of six thousand spectates-3 greeted the War- rington and Leigh teams as they stepped into the en- clo3ure at Wilderspoli en Saturday. This was the first match of the s,ason for the premier team os their native heath, and there were many anxious to see the new " captures" and take stock of the capabilities of the team as a wh:le. When it became known that neither of the new men—Jones and Merry weather—were going to turn out, and that in addition, Mlrrison was unab:e to play, the prospects of the home team winning against the powerful Leigh combination were very dismal. The Leigh men brought with them something like one thousand spectators in a L. and N.W. " special " which arrived late, as usual. It was ten minutes to four o'clock b.fere the oval was given the initial kick, and it was then seen that the teams were composed as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Duckworth, Siddall, Harris,l three-quarters ; Bate and Ashurst, half backs ; Taylor, Naylor, Swift, Fairhurst, Sudlow, Town- end, Schol,ze, and Boardman, forwards. Leigh : Davies, fall back ; Ganley, Anderton, Pear- son and Caldecott, threequarters ; Molyneux and Dun- bavin, haif-backs ; Smith, Tayl3r, Boardman, Mac- masters W Roberts, J Roberts, Ramsdale and Ec?.leston, forward..

Mr. Hanco2k,of Runcorn, was referee. Bate having won the toss elected to play with the wind behind his men in the first half. Molyneux kick-d off, and the ball rolled into touch. From a scrimmage Dunbavin passed smartly to Ganley who was almostlover in the first minute. Molyneux made an unsuccessful shot at goal and the home team was kept on the defensive for some consideraWe time. Bate and Ashurst led a brief invasion into the Leigh half but the ball was soon back again, and Dunbavin and Molyneux worked despera.tely hard to pilot the ball over the cross- bar. Bate again led the way and faulty fielding by Ganley gave the home team a chance. The Warrington backs now tested the visitors' defence, and Harris almost got the better of Davies. Caldecott, however, came to the rescue of his side and by a fine run and kick removed the danger. A couple of fine runs by ' Bate placed Warrington on the aggressive and Fish al- most got over. Leigh were penaliz,d for an infringe.; mant in the scrimm tete but Ashurst who took the kick failed. A fine dribble was next noticeable by the Leigh forwards. From a scrimmage Moleyneux got possession and almost dropped a goal. Warrington, however, re- turned to the att rck and a kick by Dunbavin was charged down he Bate who get possession and realising the opening speedily crossed the line of the visiting team amid cheers. The points were not improved upon Stung by this reverse, L igh attacked and Dunbavin kicked a splendid goal in the teeth of the wind. Play now b ,cam. very exciting and in the closing minutes of the first half Wairington were pressing near the Leigh line. From a scrimm tge, Ashurst Rot pestession and passed to Bate who transferrer; ti Duckworth, and that player tricking his opponent scored. F;sh was entrusted with the place kick and kicked a fine goal. The whistle for half time shorty afterwards sounded, Warrington leading by eight po;rts to two. Recornmmcing, Warrington attacked vigorously and were almost scorers in the first few minutes. Siddall Dackworth and Harris distinguished themselves by a fine run to the Leigh line. The Leigh men now com- menced to make good use of the wind by huge kicks, and play was transferred to the other end. Unsuccess- ful shots at goal were repeatedly made by Dunbavin and Molyneux. Caldecett rreeived a pass from Peareon and scored at the corner. The kick at goal by Molyneux was a failure. Leigh continued the pressure and Dunbavin made a drop at goal, the ball striking the cross bar. For ten minutes or en Warrington kept Leigh at bay and at length, Dunbavin got another chance and quickly Vrcpped his second goal of the match. Leigh were now made only one point behind and made strenuous efforts to exceed the Warrington score. Warrington at this stage had an unfortunate experience, Fish, who had been playing a fine game having to retire through an injury to his leg. This necrssitated Fair- hurst being brought out of the pack to fill the vacancy in the threequarter line. Warrington thus weakened in the forwards. Leigh overplayed them and after some scrambling play in the Warrington 25, the Leigh for- wards rushed the ball over the line, and Boardman saved. The spectators expressed their disapproval of the point being allowed as the men were off side. After this, all interest in the gate seemed to evaporate. Further misfortune fell to Warrington, Harris having to be carried off the field through injury. Leigh continued to press until the end of the same. but no further scor- ing took place. The finish arrived with the score. Leigh two goals, two tries, (ten pints), Warrington one goal and two tries (eight points). 14UNCORN v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

THE CUPIIOLDERS DEMORALISED.-ANOTHER BRILLIANr VICTORY. _ _ .

Last Saturday, fully 4,000 spectators assembled on the Incell Lane enclosure to witness the first encounter be- tween Rencorn and Broughton Rangers„chiefly attracted by the hopes of a grand display from the b,otbers James of South Wales fame. But, alas, those hopes were not realised, and the only James' who shone with any degree of success were the locals—James Jolley and James But- ter worth. Mr. Samuel Taylor, Rydd Mount (president of the Runcorn Club) was also present and when the nroeeedings commenced it was he who kicked off for R incorn. The team:, were eomposed as follows : Broughton Rangers : W James, back ; Lewis, Bar- rett. Nelson, and 8 James. thres-varters ; D Jsmes and E Jaincs, halves ; Whitehead, Blavnwold, Clementsoo, Stickney, Robinson, Deakin, Reynolds, and Lamb, for- wards. Runcorn: Houebton, back ; D Jones, J Butterworth, T Wilkinson, and T Warder, thrsequarters ; J Inlley,and J Faulkner, halves ; Tomlinson, 0 Hughes, S Walksr, H Farmer, A Taylor, Lightfcot, Darlington, and F Gayter, forwards. Mr. S. Taylor commenced for Run-tern with a magni- ficent kick against a strong breeze. Lamb secured and returned so vigr rously that Mr. Taylor was affordsd ample opportunity to extricate himself from the plar ers, tte accomplishment of which task no doubt caused him to b-eathe more fteely. Houghton was then censpicious by gaining advantage for Runcorn, a scrum Resulting well in the Br 'uli.thton quarters. "Legs-up" against the greens causel relief. Struggling manfully against the wind, however, it was not long before Runcorn had established themselves in dangerous proximity to the Broughton uprights. It was then noticeable that the James (half-backs) were trying some peculiar tactics, but the keeness of Jolley and Faulkner soon nullifit d all efforts. Threugh a further fine piece of running and dedging, on Houghton's nart,the Linnets pressed with undeniable persistency. both W. James and Barrett being compelled to seek relief by way arf the dead ball line. A warm time for Broughton followed. S. James knocked on, a scrum resulting near the Broughton line. A magnific'ent attempt a-, scoring was saved by W. James, and another serum tellowed nearer the line than the previous one. The hall was heel, dto Jolley he gave to Faulkner. then War irr had a chance, but it was Wilkinson wheeff=cted thescore,haying easily beaten his opponents. This first success for Runcorn was loudly cheered. Jolley took the kick, but against the wind, and from an awkward pesition no goal resul- ted. Brougnton brightening up a little made tracks for the Runcorn line, Bsrratt and Lewis gained a let of ground. S. Jams was held b Houghton, however, before anything like danger resu ted. Runcorn replied and nice passing followed, but a pass forward from S. Walker brought them up. Securing again Faulkner Farmer, Walker and J ines put in evceilent work, and much grerand was gained. Nslson replied with an individual attempt, bst was grassed. D. James was .ricky but E. James caused surprise by mark ng when &ere was not asi mete men hial F. Garter rd

===== 0002601_18990915_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD rALSti thErfi_l3otßlHT

-Many ladle; and gentlemen have by them old or disued false teeth, which might as well te turned into money. Weems. H. D. 8s J. B. Fr, sser, of Princess-street, Ipswich (establish,d since 1884), buy old false te, th. If you send you teeth to them they will remit you by return of post the utmost value ;or if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for vonr reply. If referenc necessary, apply to Messrs. Bum Sc Co, Banker swich.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
"One can scarcely realise that he is the same boy

as six months ago."

. ...„ .•--''.--,.--,..--*4=:, \ • . . . : __ . . . . .. . __ _ _._ _ _" - ' ' ' .. ... ' ' ' s" - - : . - . . , . . ._ . . . . . . . _ . . . . . _ .. _ _••.---,,,,,_____ _-..".......„ , __. . __ _ ,_ _ _ -\\,,.. :,s , , . .' \'',,,,,,* ,s , ~4 rt. •ti, ....4., ----,- :. ' • i.---.--------------------_ .41....V.,!--__-- ---,--;,7-,----„7 ,-,i \\N \ 1, \1), -;-.---------------- 4 ..1,.... ::. ~,,.- , ,:,.;:,,. :., \.,) -:,.- ,---..., •., ~ . fi.,....__-__:---__- ti.....;:*: ~,,17/,.4,...friii:d4i,...:*Ar,Z.L.,•\. "..kf i f _,H----------,- _ ~,;;;;.,/:‘ /I,7l67Nittr'il..",:' 'A,.. ''.,t.:'..,.-, , .;\., l'•,1 ,„; ,ip, -----:-___-=-____.-----------.--'"7: ';',/,•'/. ';"Plillit 11 liii, \\',.,•,,,,,,!:;\.,>.;"''',.....7';',..,;•:1.1:, ‘ 4111 o'. —s . ~,:''."'sz•—...-----_—,-%, _ ---_ _,''. • ,' ~,•..li= ---_-_____„___:„:;-c,..://40,.q..11 • ; ---1: .:-. . ‘------------ ....3------- ' tt -. ;. .--,- • • ip-,---- - ', '. '''':',//// '\l,o'.. ' ''.:.,';',..-....f..."-..;:'... . '-'-',.-----.--------!---:.,...,-,i, -"..-_,___--tor- -4-------'7."--- ...------ - ''''',.....'',../4'd '','-';:::.:•:,.:i:i*EZ:-......-:::;:::....:' N,_.___________..-*:;••.• •. ' --,-----'---",. '''...---- i." 1 ';.::::::...%,...,,f;;-;•::-..,-4,:-:.:4;;,. - :, . . , ... T-------=---1-------_--------- ~, 1":::•.....i'•;:e 4P7.Lr-i-=---7;.''.., ....,-,i'ii_ ;114:',/iii:;;:::V. 'Sii:i:i:ei::A:::?•ef:1:7;.?.. .:::.:::::;::::: - ''''/::/.."...;':' yi'Lc.??;,,":ii:=s./•'.3."::•::::•.,.'.. .'... 1 :::.. : ' '::::::::::,.i..:::::,,,...1.114>, :•.-j-....,,,/,',...•.::5 '..f0,.:74;:r 4.:$;';'::::::::..... , :,:.:•:::.:, •::::::,:ii.:,,:::::i:ii:'::%::*::::ii:i::*:••.•..- .....*::'...1.11••"?.., r ' •_-_-..'„7:,47",=:`_----'''': . --:":1':::".i ,47'.; , .:::?;:::Aip:•:•;.,../ ~.-;ii:?,:::::.:.. .::::::::::":.::iii.::' .. ...:.:,:i:::-...I.rff.'''''':':'..:::. -...---'-rfi4:•lo ,Allo:44;.Vig§iii.'.::.:•:::-.. .....--.....: "......1e:::::.....4.........:':...1::"` _.:. .........---- "' ' '''/ • .0::::,.. "::,-:-.-.s%*),rs:7sliiif'-g-7:.:;;:::-::: :::::.:..........:::::.:.:..:... ~....„, _ „.:.5% -..., N..'".',...:...:.'7,i:*;.--i:44-..--3- , ..s• .....--,v,"-'-7 . , ~, • : •,, .'`\ • ?-,---..e.,.74,...; , .::•,.......?•:.:4,:a 1.. a.::. ‘425,...7t-e:1;,....• ;.1'17171:k4.**24‘ .i.:.;;.'i ARt§ :, : 14Veietlfi ef iAit%:;:s :j.;..!5.:,:::.:..;i:.,i'.:.:ii g* kiegAti';4l.lk;';..': .::..K.;.... .j..::':::::::?..:::::::::..4.P5:.':::?0\ .111:14AVgigiA4P/A;:.: .;•,.i.:i.... i:1',::,i:Rii,...,..A..A.V. Vii T: Oli ..i '' / ' ‘ ~,,.. . . al' P.lO I. ' 'rk'k ~ ', 3.i..Y.:-..,.. r.;,...::-.0.::::::::::;:::::::•T:VA,74-01:-MNIVIN::::Ye:Wi•-.!•1..!]..kiVATC1i.i.911t440.'".:")1 ft•••••ie,,_':•-•.-- t3xT---- ~4\i•f'T 1.1.. 14 ii:: /:', •gf.::i.4Z,4a.",-,,,f--':.;;-•;;-' •-• AtC ' Pflif -,; .....:..:-...,...::,.,;•;;;;.?_2*.t.,1<ti:•,,t V . ...,:;1::;•••,z.:1!").',7',.'-'.. • • .••• - : '....:••.:•::::•:::"-:-/-i•ct, ~f...•?,0 h----z-_,:,_,:s, iii t:•:::::' I :.' '::•:.•::::::•:•:•:•••••::::.:•:••-:.,,f;:,n1 .. ''i..:///......f.:',..17:1.• // 4'' I' •• /Ili . .. . .. . .. - . .... .......... iF •••• ~ ..: ~i,, ',...f.....,:.:f.f.',/,::f.fi;;•;..?..:/i7,./: /fili'ii,fi,...".4;c7 .11:1111,1111:Iiii:*ii.'!:*!'!'ff.''''''''. -:

===== 0002601_18990915_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RICHARD C. A. RITSON.

The appetite and the weight of children usually tell the story of their health. If the child takes its food with a keen relish, and is in good flesh, there ie usually little need to worry about it. It is the loss of flash and appetite, and a general state of uneasinesi, with restless sleep, disturbed digestion, and unhealthy colour, that give the warningt o parents. The case of Me. Ritson's little boy was a typical one, and in writing about it. Mr. Ritson says : "38, Fentonville Street, Sheffield "February 4th, 1899. "Gentlemen,—lt gives me much pleasure VI be able to thank you for the wonderful work that Scott's Emulsion has done for my son. la giving you a few details of his case. I cannot express my- self sufficiently of the kJ:11111E133 nourishing and strengthening powers of your vain slole preparation. About nine months ago, my son showed symptoms of general weakness of the chost, attended with loss of appetite, gradually losing flesh. My wife and I became simewlnt alarmed at his elndit,ion and the remarks that were being passed about him. I was advised by some friends to try Scott's Emulisiou, of which they spoke very highly. I accordingly did so, and after taking it for three weekg, he bean to show signs of improving; his apnetite returned, be became more cheerful, and his flesh began to in- crease also. He hAs ben taking Seltt's Emulsion

To MOTHERS.—Mrs Winslow' Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions ot mothers for their _thildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherish awakes" as bright as a button."Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle.—Advt,

(From a 1, h,,t °graph.)

_ A CHEERFUL MOTHER OF Frirg

now for the last three months, and to see him you would be surprised. One can scarcely realibw that he is the same boy as three months ago, tberei, fore I have no hesitation in saying that no househo_A' should be without Scott's Emulsion as a safegun ag,tinst weak, delicate, and sickly children.-"b main, yours very truly, (Signed) C. Rnsolq- Scott's Emulsion is cod-liver od made so that)' can take it without obj•mtion. Neither the Pala"' nor the stomach are offended by Scott's and, as a matter of fact, its flavour is most agree' able. The combination of hypophosphites and glfc; erine with the oil makes Scott's Emulsion Intic more beneficial than c--liver oil in any other foga' The hypophosphites aid digesiionotourish the tont and feed the nerves, while the glycerine proven" fermentationeand assists in the steps leading up t° the absorption of the oil into the bbod. Scott's Emulsion has a favourable effect upon Ode • digestive system, as well as upon the blood, an. you cpicklv notice its beneficial action by a return of the appetite and-increase in weight,and a generP morovernent in health. You can obtain a sample of Scott;s Emulsion bid sending threepence to cover postage to Scott 1111, Biwne, Limited, Manufac:arrieg Chem'sts, 95 Gre. ,alor S:ffion Hill, London, 8.C., and mentioning to' paper. All Chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

THE ACUIDENT TO A BLACKETI'

EXCURSION NE I R WARRINGTON Toe report of Lieutenant Colonel 11. A. Yorke. to the Board of Trade, respecting the accident tu„d "centre at Walton Old Junction, on the London North-Western Hailway, was issued on Wednesday., or this case an eveursion train from Blackpool to Birro,ling. ham had been brought to a standitill to wait for a P7t,o man, as the driver, Thompson did not know the rover' Chester. The pilotman, Connor, took charge at Acttne Grange Junction, and released the brake and opened 1, regulator, Gir, the train immediately began to rue bac f ward, and after travelling for about 800 yards the In portion of the t:ain was turned off the rails at :he points at Walton Old Junction. Twelve passcsgiDe complained of slight injuries. Colonel Yorke 5a95,11. accident is attributable to the carelessness and inat—of tion of drivers connor and Tasmp ion. Had eitherio these men kept a proper look-out they ra„.ag have discovered that the train was ron-rlde, backward before it had moved a taw and it could have been immediately brought to a by the brake. If it had not been for the fireman ';00 probable that the speed of the train would have gon'rile increasing till it reached the catch points, in which ;015 a very serious disaster would have occurred. It 8,„"sio hardly credible that drivers of experience shoul even for a few seconds ignorant, of the direction et. which their engine is travelling. Brakesman Ha°ol6 who was acting as guard in charge ef the train, c^lol have averted the disaster if he had applied the vac° er brake, as he Fhould have done. This man made thew traordinary statement that ha sat in his van daringdl3 whole period of detention of the train (one hour alLo; minutes). It was this man's duty to have sent the L'ibe guard to the signal-box at Acton Grange to remigclogi signalman of the presence of the train ;it was his 00 to have been locking after the passengers during.,e long delay, to have sa3n that everythin4 graS rl.OO before the train resumed its journey, and to have g‘ to the drivers a signal to this effecz, and it was his dulaits have applied the vacuum brake the mo:nent the Cie began to move down the incline Haydo-k negleete„, perform any of these duties, and there was rt 4 dounver was asleep in his van. The front guard, Cook. alol3ife I,c,ed his duties, Neither of these mrn seems OA fOr appreciated his responsibilities al a passenger gu tru'or which position they proved themselves entireli fitted.

t MRS. EMILY FOSTER, wife of a man for the las' "ILI teen years in the employ of the best-known proprietors in Brixton, has just had an extratliway" experience, according to the " South London Pr-09 Visited personally at her home' 289 s Shskespeare-roo Herne Hill, London, S.E., Mrs. Foster, who is fortn sal years of age, and mother of five children, said : glad of this opportunity of telling my story. I had :-,t• suffering on and off for over twelve years, althougufol terded by a great number of doctors, from iht,e;olcl bleeding. Some months ago I was given up. 1 '-‘1 scarcely walk across the room, and my husband 13,30.4 lift me about as though I were a child, though 011 strong enough when 1 married. As a last reacT'villS husband persuaded me to try Dr. Willi.m9 piny 0 for Pale People, about which he had rea to much. Before I had finished one box I heg„s-teid recover strerg-h, and found I was able to walk the room without help. I have taken seven boae'o-I gether, and now you can see for yourself how ,life am. I am what they call a dead woman cern() "- again." Mrs. Foster is described as a bright, cheerful '-oe9S with the bloom of health upon her cheeks, and, lie for her positive assurance, one could scarcel9 that a few months since 8". emit' neither eat noetTios " Pc-lay," said Mrs. Foster, " thanks to Dr. pink pills, I am always ready for my meals, and eP refreshing sleep." I'l4°o Mrs. Foster also referred to the Case of a lady . in the same neighbourhood, who suffered from 911'.-14 c elt The doctors did her no good, an taking a leaf °,uivirl the beok cf Mrs. Foster, she made the experimeh'il the result that, after having got through five "rate. Dr. Williams pink pills, she was quitenew crest to There is a vicious circle in disease. Analla lea roil indigestion ; indigestion ,) gastric ulcer and intevoil bleeding ; and these agaii to at walla. • ' which is h for i lessness. If we can feel and enrich the blood---gre which Dr. Williams' pink pills are especial's' bin check the ancetnia,enable our:elves to get the full u`c-„eiits " a, from our food, and avoid or cure indigestion, shl.r:ric. liver, bili:usness, debility, nervous ailments liavniee Vitus' dance, neuralgia, aod piralysir OnlY 1:05' must be genuine, bearing to full title—D:. „.,red pink pills for pale people—for substitutes nevertn ~.0,1 anyone, and when they are offered it is best olbeira. direct to the Dr. Williams' Meaicine ComPanY. eyed viaduct, London,,mclosing the price—tsvo and niner post free,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARRINGTON v. SKFTON.—Warrington journeyed to Sefton Park on Saturday. bcore

SEFTON. A ft Boswell c liampson ls ....

WARRINGTON. J .W Bibby b Wilkinson ..C. _ .. _ ..

Thewlis Thewlis b Boswell Wilkinson run out lB G Clarke c & b Boswel/... 1 J F Clegg b Thewlis J Harrison c Plinston b T Knowles b Boswell Gibson T Farrington b Gibson ll Wilkinson L Jones b B bby 23 J B Bryaat not out F Edwards c Hampson b G HAmpson c Harrison Thewlis L Lacey c Thompsla b A Duckworth c Boswell b Bibby . 0 Willcinson Bev F 0 Poole lbw b B Gibson c Jones b Wil- Bibby J Williams not out 8 72 Plinston b Wilkinson... 1 W Brock b Thewlis

Extras 8

Extras 6

Total 106 Totil BOWLING ANALYSIS. ETON. WARRINGTON.

0. M. R W. 0. M. R W. Thewlts J Thompson 6 2 8 0 A H Boswell... 14 4 33 5 13 Gibson ... lO 3 12 2 J W Bibby 9 3 14 3 W H Podmore

WARRIWITOINT V. SEFToN (SECoND TEAMS).—Played at Warrington on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. SEFTON. Adamson bli L Owen 6 Blundell is Crooanton 24 - ilcock bll L Owen... ...... 98 Blake c IS Pierrpoint b R Pierpoint bH L Owen... 4 Adamson 44 Houghton not out 5l Cements lbw b Crompton 45 R Pierpoint run out 2l Morrow not out Pickton not oat 5 Trustvrell.Turner, Ruston, Crompton, Thompson, F Owen, if L Owen, Richardson, Hawtin,and Brown, and Krebser did Dooley did not bat not bat Extras 6 Extras...... lB Total (for 4 wkts) 188 Total (for 3 wkt5)...132

PRv-SCOT V. NEWTON. —Played at Newton on Saturday For Preacot, Silcock played a dashing innings for 64, and W. Stott took five wickets for 17 runs. Score:—

PRESC3T. NEWTON. Lyon st Laithwaite b Hindley lbw b Stott ...... 5 Rylance Simm a Laithwaite b Stones c Davies b Silcoek 8 Bates Evans b Bates __ 5

Whitfield ° Rylance b Henderson b Silcock Bates Bixter c Cooke b Bates Leadbetter b Smith l5 Cookee Simm b Evans ... 0 Silcock b Smith Davies b Smith 4 Sweetleve net out Stott c Bates b Smith 1 Preston not out

Seddon e Laithwaite b Bates Extras

Total 163 Total , EIRLRBTOWN v. BLACKLEY.—PIayed at Barlestowa on Saturday. Score :

BLACKLEY. A 13 Hansom c Hatton b

EiRLEtTOWN. G Husband c Pkillips b

Davies E Radford ci Husband b F Heade o Hibbert b Huish Boardman lbw b atvies 10 W Crowthor b Ashton F Hibbert c Emmett b Huish b Ashton Huish IR T Marsh b Ashton J Hood c Husband b Huish 7 E Foreman o& b Ashton 0 C kladdick b Davies W Ashton b Davies 0 C W Emmett b Ashton ... 8 J W Morris c Husband b H Davies b Turner 7

Davies l7 3 Halton o Phillips b Turner a Huish b Davies 3 T Brine not out ......, ..... 11 G Greenall not out 0 W Phillips run out l6 - . ..

kxtras 9

EAtras 5

Total 125 Total B4 EARLESTJWN 2ND V. BLACKLEY 2ND.—Played at Man- chester on Saturday. Score :--

BLiCKLEY. EARLESTOwN. H Spencer b Clare 5 W Morse run out l7 J Parkinson b Harrison ... 18 J Marsh b Parkinson 0 It Grant n Morse b Marsh 43 W Hatton not out ... 53 C Smith lbw b Clare G Thorpe'b Marsh ............ 19 J Vernon St Speneer 1 Hulme c Vernon b W Husband not cut 2

Harrison 9 H Butterworth b Harrison 15

J Furniss b Harrison W Howard at Hatton 5 A Parkinson not not

Rxtras

Extras .

Total

===== 0002601_18990915_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
1 5- A. SET OF TEMTH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. II:1E ARTIFICIAL TOO.CLI COMPANY,

72, M RKET-STREET, MANCEIESTER. Operator and ganager : Mr. e E. CI, AJdll., Surgo.itt I),qitist. eretary : kr. JA.S. A. JOY. ATTHNDANOR AT 4, _WARRINGTON EV R itY FRIDAY, 3 till 7-30, " 44LISS CUARLIB'S TLEGISTILY OFFICE, 13, Lon-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite ,tr. z.titton's Sale Rooms ST. HEIACNS 'Waal fLTIDY, 2 till 7, At MIL VitITCHLEY'S ohgrtiAL CAFE, BUIDGE-STREET. Kaactly :,pposite the Market.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

POSTAL FORMATION

roT OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the time to which a Letter can b 3 po., en with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. a. m.—Newton-le-Willows a.m.—Wigan a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresburysand Moore a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch a.m. Bawsoy , Grappenhall, Hoatlev Heath. Croft, Pad gate- Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester, Bolton, Oldham, Nlacolesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. • 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helene 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southdort, akid the Isle

Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and

Ireland. 140 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Present, Southport, Birkenheau, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and

Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Mannester, South-Eist Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-13a3tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Cential %Vales, and

Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wraxham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southpoct, Ormskirk, B ith. Bristol Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gau

Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, Nantwich and Sanctbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodaham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newcburch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Del:very, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate

and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincoinshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-B. Lancashire, and West Cumber-

land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S .America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li verpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 o.m—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —1045, extra

Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign .4etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 645 p.m/ except on Thursd,tys when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is 805 ended.

IBy Postmen. 7-U a.m.

11-30 a.m

f 13-15 m. 1

6-5 a.m.

}4

Send two stamps for our new and original Illustrated Booklet. contatuin4 plain and practical advice bow Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, dc.. may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended' by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladies/ as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not a quack medicine. Established 33 years, LEsuE MARTYN, Ltd,. Cbemists, 34, Dalstoa-lane Loud on.

TIRE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER, 15, 1899.

THE TEMPERANCE CAUSE AT LATCH- FORD.

EXIIIBITION AND SALE.

A debt of £l5O hoe hung over the temperance Hall at Latchford for a number of years, and this has been a source of anxiety to all connected with it. Furthermore, the need has been felt for larger premises, but the workers did not feel justified in increasing the accommodation until the old debt had been removed. It was with the inteation of accomplishing this object that an exhibition and sale of plants, flowers, fruit, vegetables, and useful and fancy articles was held last Thu;:day,and again on Friday, in the Temperance Hall. The accommo- dation of the little room was taxed to the utmost capacity, but it proved equal to the exigencies of the occasion, and it is pleasing to note that the anticipations of the promoters were realised. The whole of the articles offered for sale had been kindly given, and the proceeds will therefore be devoted in their entirety to the object in view. There was an excellent collection of plants and flowers, and these were chiefly the gifts of Mr. J. C. Parr, Mr. William Long, Mr. Fletcher and Mrs. Broadbent, Numerous articles of wearing apparel as well as a number of fancy goods were offered for sale, and one stall was almost entirely occupied by such a requieite household commodity as soap. Then in addition there was a confused medley of things at a stall rtihtly called the jumble stall Toe sale would, of course, have been incomplete without al refreshment stall, and this department was in the capable hands of a number of ladies. 1 The opening ceremony commenced punctually at three o'clock, and the ceremony was gracefully performed by Miss Naylor. Amongst those also present were Mr. R. A. Naylor, Councillor Ellison, Mr. B. Few, Mr. W. 11. Ford, Mr. Arthur Ford, Nlr. Blease Mr Isaac Brundrit, Mr. Ctiffe, and a large number of ladies from the immediate neighbour- hood. Councillor William Pierpoint, J.P., had in- tended to be present, but was unavoidably preven- ted from doing so. The proceedings opened with the singing of a hymn and prayer. Couneillor ELLISON, prior to calling upon Miss Naylor to open th- sale, said he. thought it might be a fitting op- portunity at the c immencenaent of their proceedings to give a very brief outline of the work which had been carried on in Latchford in the Tempr ante cause. He might say in the first place th at they commenced their work in the year 1873, that was 25 years ago, at Christ Church, Latchford. They continued their work there for one year, ha-, in the following year they undertook to renovate an old barn whicn then stood on tile present site of the Wealevam Church. Here the work was con- tinued until 1879 when the present building in which they were assembled was erected at a cost of about £4OO Of this sum £250 was raised and a debt of £l5O re- mained. He regretted to say that up to the present time they had not been in a position to make any seious effort to clear off the debt owing to other efforts and the long continuation of bad trade. They believed the time had now come wh.tn an effort shauld he made. A com- mittee was formed and they determined if possible to carry out a sale and exhibition to a successful issue. Sa far they had met with fair success. They had had pro- mises from various gentlemen in the neighbourhood amounting up to the present to about £2O. They had also promises from their own members of a like sum which brought the total up to £4O. They were trusting that afternoon and oa the following ctay they would be able to augment that to a consider- able extent. He hoped all present had come with full purses and that thee' would go away with them empty. (Laughter.) It would be a benefit to the Temperance Movement, but perhaps not to them. He was sure they were all pleased to see Miss Naylor pre- sent. She was a lady whom they all reverence and re- spected for the good work she had done and was doing at the present time in the Temperance cause, and they hoped and prayed she would lone be spared to continue her generous and noble efforts. (Applause.) Miss NAYLOR in declaring the sale of work open said she was very pleased to be there that afternoon. She thought they bad met to perform a very good work. She heard that morning that the sale had teen visited by Canon Davies so she therefore supposed it had now been consecrated. (Laughter.) She hoped everything would pass off very satisfactorily and that they might have a successful sale. She would be very pleased to help them in her small way. She hoped the Temperance Cause in Latchford would flourish and that they might have a good number of adherents. She would give them as a motto, " Beloved, imitate not that which is evil, but that which is good." (Applause.) Mr. FEW proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Naylor and referred to the valuable work which was being done by Miss Naylor and her family with the Temperance cause. Her brother was doing a noble work in connection with the Warrington and District Band of Hope Union; They were also aware that he conducted temperance work in connection with the Temperance Hall at Thelwall. They owed a great debt of gratitude ta them for coming to such a humble place as their Temperance Hall at Latch- ford. (Applause.) The vote was carried with acclamation. -- - - -

_ Mr. NAYLOR said he was requested on behalf of his sister to thank them for the hearty aote of thanks they had presented to her on that occasion. Mr. Few had said the Temperance Hall was a very humble sort of place. He would rather come amongst humble people and to a humble place than to a large place. Perhaps it was a peculiarity of temperament that one could not change. However, it was a great p'easure to come into that building, one with which they had been associated many years age, and it was gratifying to know that in the interval a gm it work had been done and the hall had become a centre of usefulness. He hoped they would put forth renewed efforts for the extention of the work. An old proverb said that" Heaven helped those who helped themselves " and it was perfectly true. In canclusion he thanked them for the kind vote of thanks and hoped the sale of work would exceed their antici- pations. (Applause.) The stallholdera were as follow : Refreshment Stall.—Mrs. D Ellism, Mrs Walker, Mrs Pearson, Miss Fairhurst. Stall No. I,—Mrs Few, Mrs A Hampton, Miss E Fletcher. Stall No, 2.—Mrs W H Ford, Mrs Henry Blease. Stall No. 3.—Mies Fletcher, Miss Foster, Miss Peers. Stall No; 4.—Miss Weeks, Miss Nellie Hampton, Mr F Blease and Miss Pearson. _ _ _

Flower Stall.—Mr. E G:eave, Mr B Few, Mr Henry Blease. Jumble Stall.—Miss Wick. FRIDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

There was a fair attendance at the opening of the sale on Friday, the ceremony being performed by Mrs. James Fairelough, the ex-Mas cress. Amongst those present were Mrs Henry Roberts, Mrs Ellison, Miss Nellie Fair- dough, Mrs Few, the Rev J F Matthews, Councillor Ellison, and Mr Ford. After a hymn had been sung and the Rev. J. F. Matthews had offered prayer Councillor Emeson said that before they commenced the proceedings he must apologise for the absence of Alderman'lloberta who had promised to act as chairman. He was glad to say he had sent his" better half" to take his place, He was sure they were all pleased to see her. Before he asked her to take up part of her duty, he might report the amounts that had been received and promised. £4O had been promised and given. The receipts on Thursday amounted to £25 10s, making a total of £65 10a., with which they were all highly satisfied. The priz for bouquet.; arranged by children had been awarded a; follows ;-1. Arthur Clarke ; 2, Clara Forater ; 3, Lily Lamb ; 4, Alice Forster. de would now ask Mrs. Roberta and Mrs. Fairclough to come forward and go through the opening proceedings. (Applause). MTS. H. ROBERTS who was c.rdiallv received said she was sorry her presence was somewhat of a disappoint- ment to them. Her husband had overlooked an impor- tant committee meeting when he promised to be present. It was such a pleasant duty to introduce Mrs. Feirclough that she had taken his place willingly. If she were speaking to strangers she might tell them how worthy and lovable Mrs. Fiairclough was, but they knew how ready she always was to give help. She had now great pleasure in introducing Mrs. Fairclough and asking her to open the sale. (Applause.) Mrs. FAIRCLOCTGH slid she thought the motto of those who attended a bastaar ought to be "to do good by their action." She was at a littie sale a fortnight ago in a village in Cum herland, and the opening ceremony was se• long and tedious that she thought they would nave t ) go away with- out spending a penny. She hoped the heart; and the management would be gladdened by a handsome increase in the amount obtained, and wished the baz tar

every success, and that it would be an impetus to the promgters for further efforts in the future. She had now pleasure in dtclaring the exhibition open. (Applause.) Mr. ARTHUR FORD proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Fairclough on behalf of the Temperance Society. The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. Councillor ELLisox proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Roberts. and it was carried with acclamation. - _

Mrs. FaincLitroa said she had to apolDgiv, for the ab3ence ot her husband, as he had to attend th.. 3 same meeting as Alderman Roberts. The sale was then proceeded with. The proceeds cf Friday's sales, with subscriptions, amounted to £l5, making a tptal of £BO.

BLANCHARD'S FEtiiLE ilLLirs;

NEVER FAIL..." tire to be tie only get: IHoe reined,- for Correcting IRREGULARITIES &OBSTRUCTIONS Thcvare cemon tu cure the most obsi Mate caso,and bring about all tltitt is desired alter all else fails Thousands ofTestimonials. n boxes. is. 1.1 d., 2s, 9d. ; strong, 4s. 6d., Front all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from BLANCH/11,D, Forest Rd., Daiston,London.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
EARI,JESTOWN AND NEWTON

HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr James Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 1.0 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The Teler-raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p •fe , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

===== 0002601_18990915_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPAICHES

Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin- ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp. Extra Stampd.

Ordinary Postage.

MAILS.

5-0 a.m.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

10-30 ~

1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S• Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Rarlestown, Golborne, Lowton t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

RECEIVING ROUSE— Earlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES— *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge Preston Junction Church-et., Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

10-35 a.ni

2-20 p.m.

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 110-30 a.m

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m tnd 7 p.nk. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil- Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I Nu. 1:10-15 a.m I Nil.

from the Receiving Office at Hark ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the *Am,'

===== 0002601_18990915_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AI

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, awl Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Wicin & Earlestown London. Foreigit, and the South._ Aildland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland cilasgow, Preston, Wigan, ,Nlan- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- ,3astern, Midl.nd, Northern, Bastern Counth,s, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Wopiston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London Sc Foreign, South, and S.- Eastern Counties..

THE GREAT REMEDY.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
GOUT

FOR GOUT:RHEUMATISM( SCIATICA, LUMEttGO, The Excruciatinv Pvin,is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and Effectual. All Chorine rand Stores at is. lid. and 2e. 9d r bux.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
S FOLLOWS:-

ITo Callers.

7 a.m. 13-30 „ 10-45 „ 1.11-30 „ 11-45

} 12-0

k 2-15 p.m.

2-lb ~ 13-15 -,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX [TRES AND SCORES.

Sept. 2—St Helens a ;9—Leigh h 16—Stockport h 23—Rochdale Hornets a 33—Widnes h 7—Wigan a 14—Millom h 21—Salford a 21—CUMBF.RLA.ND V LANCASHIRE a 28—Tyldeslev h Nov. 4—Stockport a 4—LANCASHLtif; V YORKSHIRE a 11—Broughton Ranger. h 18—Oldham a 25—Open Dec. igh a 2—LANC&SHIRE V CHESHIRE h 9—Open 16—Wigan Ii 23-3 t Helens h 26—(Boxing Day) Runcorn a 30—Swinton a Jan. 6—Tyldeslev a 13—Swinton h 20—Salford h 27—Runcorn h Feb. 3 —Broughton Rangers a 10—Oldham h 17—Widnes a 24—Rochdale Hornets h March 3 —Millom a 11—Open 11— CUP Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April —Open

Oct.

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

POINTS. FOR AGST

3 3 8 10

===== 0002601_18990915_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXITRES AND SCORES.

POINTS. •R AGST Sept: 2—Wigan a 6—Swinton h 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnesli 23—Oldham a 30—Cheshire v Cumberland a Oct. 7—Ty Wesley h 14—Stockport a 21—Leigh h 28—Cheshire v Yorkshire a Nov. 4- 11—Millom h

18- 25—Salford h' Dec. 2 —Cheshire v lAncashire a 9—Rochdale Hornets a 16—Stockport h 23—Miiloin a 26—Warrington h 30—Leigh a Jan. I—Broughton Rangers a 6- 13—Rochdale Hornets h 20—Swinton h 27—Warrington a... Feb. 3—Wigan h 10—Salford a. 17—St. Helens h 24—St. Helens a Mar. 3—Widnes a 10-013 ham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 16 Xl- -28 —Cup Tie

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB,

FIX fURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOR AG'ST Sept 2.—Millom h 9.—St Helens a 16.—Runcorn a 23. —Broughton Rangers h 30 —Warrinsi ton a Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 21.—Wigan 28.—St Helens h Nov 4.

11.—Tyldesley a 18.—MiIlom a 25. Tyldesley h

Dec 2. - 9.—Leigh a 16.—Salford a 23,—Rochdale Hornets a 30.—Stockport a Jan 1.-- Swinton a 6.- 13.—Oldham 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—W igan 11 Feb 3.—Salford h W.—Rochdale Hornets a 17.—Warrington h 24.—Stockport h Mar 3.—Runcorn h 10.—Lcrigh h 17.—Cup Tie

===== 0002601_18990915_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. lIELEN FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

ROINTS. FOR AGEIT Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Whines h • 0 3 16 —Swinton h 30—Broughton Rangers a 7—Rochdale Hornets a 14—Wigan h 21—Stockport h 28—Widnes a 4—Wigan a 11 Salford h 18—Ty1des:ey 11 25--Stockport a Dec. 9 —olnham 23—Warrington a 23—Brcughton Rang-re, h 26—Millom li 30—tyldesley a I—Leigh h

Oct.

Nov.

Jan.

6—Swinton a 13—MiRom a 20—Rochd...1e Hornets, h 3 —Leigh-a 17—liuworn, a 24—Runcorn h 3—Oldham a 10--SAford a 17—Cup tie (first round)

SATURDAY'S MATCHES. Warrington v. Stockport. Runcorn v. Widne,. St. Helens v. Swinton. Roehddle Hornets v. Salford. Brorightoa Hangers v. Millorn. Oldham v. Tyldesley. The matches will be played on the ground of the first named clubs.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
English Wafehes—The Best Timekeepers. . Keyless - ENGLISH s•• „ •17' %ARRANTED W 10 id

===== 0002601_18990915_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

Cluaradeed for AGCURA.CY, DURABILITY, & STRENGTH; at MAKER'S CASH PRICES. In IS-ct.Gold

ENSON'S KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER

fors Maxliets.

movement, BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH , Chronometer Balance and Strong. Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold. Glass Cases, £lO, or in Hunting and Half-Hunting Cases, £l2 10s is Watch is made to replace Swiss Watches, and, for English $, is exceptionally low priced.

BE S NEW KUM ENGLISH LEVER

for, aerz tiemora.

A -1-11 ate BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH. LEVER, Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-et. Gold, Crystal Glass Cas6s, £l2. This Keyless English Lever is the Cheapest Watch of ts kind ever offered to the public at the price, and super- sedes all other Watches previously sold at the price. . SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at cur rilr to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payal)le at G.P.O. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES, from £2 to MO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, Ac., Ac. Post free on application.

J., W, EN.43g, Ltd.,

H. M. the Queen's Watchmakers, THE STEAM FACTORY,

62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, EEC., LONDON. CLOCKS for Churches, Schools, and Public Buildings, from Z 5, Estimates free.

WOR`TH A. GUINEA A BOX.

. . ~.._ , ... .0 ~'. .‘ % 11 , 1 Crystal ( In 18-ct. Gold Cases.. 4 r....) ~'••''''' i, '... ' • ::. (t•ti - - - --- --- ---'':-.,: , fes i' , ,•' .' .c/8: s , ./.1"zrzt,....../ ~1 .. ~ ''ollll4 1 ' \\ • :4; \-- . 4 ~,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
s.

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in iA boxes, is. Id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SEIZURE of FOREIGN FRUIT

IN

===== 0002601_18990915_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON JAM FACTORIES.

W. R. Deakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUIT is used in the manufacture of his delicious WHOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which DEAKIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOO) FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for,:. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990915_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL'e.i'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may b'e obtained without scales and weights, or little mysteriGns compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

- COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

‘7REE ROM MFRCURY.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

,:.1,,, . , 4,.. .- -,.., -,..'1,1 VL,, kf # aii.di .., S V .v.'

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

SYMINGTON'S

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c

çoThwrnrnrn g )0 Nothing steadies the nerves land clears the brain like_ a strong cup of SYMINGTON"S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. ot asus maid

===== 0002601_18990915_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers.

GUARANTEED PURE. :GO

===== 0002601_18990915_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
?Laws to the Otittor.

Authors of of letters intended for publication must in all cases qend their names and addresses to the Editor. latter a intended for publication must b 3 written on one side only of the paper. Correspondenta are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

THE SCENE AT THE COUNCIL MEETING. Sir.—The peculiar and effectual methods by which the Warrington Corporation secured an overwhelming vote for their great Bill, and the unseemly and deplorable spectacle presented in tbe Council Chamber on the 5t inst. are surely indications that the government of War- rington is open to improvement. For a long time the opinion has prevailed in many quarters, that our muni- cipal affairs are being managed by a small and rather exclusive clique who regard their partners in the Council as El) many machines for voting to order. And worse Still, it was openly alleged at the meeting referred to that the financial operations of the Council were, to some ex- tent at least, carried on under a cloak. Nor was this serious charge made without book. Indeed the Chair- man of the Fitiance Committee himself supported it by reading a resolution passed no longer ago than the 28th of August last te the effect" That in the opinion of this Committee (Finance), it is not expedient to give infor- mation to individual ratepayers, and requests that the particulars be given by the Chairman at the next Council meeting." Now I think there can be no difference of opinion as to the unjust and dangerous character of such a principle. The Corporation and its officials, whatever airs they may assume, are not masters of the situation, but only the servants of the ratepayers. And whoever heard of ser- vants or employes daring to refuse to render an account of their stewardship! Such refusal would at once arouse suspicion, and might result in dismissal. The ratepayers who contribute all the funds of the Corporation have a moral and, I should think, a legal right to know when and how every penny of their money is expended. To pass resolutions, then, to block or retard their way to obtain such information is to court suspicion, and when suspicion is excited there is an end of confidence. As Dr. Cannell and Alderman Bolton, as members of the Council, must know a great deal more of the inner workings of that body than the outside public can pos- sibly do we are bound to give attention to their aver- ments unless it can be shown that their statemonts were reckless and unfounded. When they deliberately charged the Council, or part of it, with secret dealings with public money, and individual members with presenting bills for services in connection with the water scheme the honour of the Council was seriously menaced. And it seems to me that thc obvious duty of the ratepayers under such circumstances is to demand an investigation to verify or disprove such allegations. It may be said that all disbursements made by the Corpora- tion must pass under the -eyes of the local auditors. I assume that this is true. But tee duty of these auditors is, I understand, mainly confined to passing the vouchers placed before them by the Corporation officials, without power to disallow any account so submitted. I have long held the opinion that the monetary transactions of all boroughs should be audited by independent Government officials authorised to reject and surcharge all illegal payments. Such audits would satisy the ratepayers that their money was expended for legitimate purposes only, and also prevent the occurrence of such miserable scenes as the one wit- nessed in our Council/on tke sth inst.—Yours truly. lONA. 13th September, 1899.

THE REPORT OF TFIE BOROUGH AUDITORS. Sir,—ln consequence of the abrupt conclusion of the proceedings of the last Council meeting, I was not able to introduce the motion of .whieh I had given notice in reference to the report of the Borough Auditors for the year ended 31st March last. I see, however, that Mr Councillor Shaw Green has communicated to the press the speech which he had intended to deliver on propos- ing the adoption of the minutes of the Finance Commit- tee, and which, as he says, would probably have obviated the necessity for the motion, as he gives the report in full. lam only sorry that it should have been necessary for me to give notice of the motion at all but, as the report was not published in the ordinary way, and as I was not allowed to read it at the previous Cautcil meeting, I had not any alternative. The final clause (to which the Finance Committee took exception) was insetted after careful consideration, and as the re- eult of certain observations made by the Chairman of the Committee of the House of Commons on the Through Bill, and echoed in the local press. The Chairman appeared to be under the impression that we had some power of surcharge, and as his opinion was evidently widely shared, it seemed te us to be necessary to explain that this was an entire misapprehension ; that, in the words of tbe report, 6` the auditors have no power to enquire into or question the legality of any payment'; and that their duties are confined t the actual verifica- tion of the accounts wh,ch have been sanctioned by the various responsible committees." It will be seen at once that we did not make any charge against the Corporation, and contented our- selves with defining, as concisely as possible, the nature and the limitations of our office. This we felt to b a due alike to ourselves and to the public. The Finance Com- mittee, however, requested us to delete the paragraph altogether, and, as we declined to do se, did n)5 publish the report. No doubt they acted with the best intentions but it 13 obvious that to have recognised their right to modify it, or acquiesced in its suppression, would have been to wholly fail in our duty to the ratepayers. For the moment, the point involved was mainly personal; but the principle at stake was an important one ; more serious issues might at any time arise; and we were unanimously of *pinion that it is better "to perpetuate" what Mr. Councillor Shaw Green deecribes as "a tem- porary and passing matter" than to establish a pre- cedent which might, on some future olcasion, be used with consegnenccs highly detrimental to the town.— Faithfully yours,

===== 0002601_18990915_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountans., Mayor's Auditor. Warrington, Bth September, 1899.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON, Sir,—The scenes which took place in the Council Chamber last Tuesday night were unmistakeable evidence of the fact that the government of the town has for some time now teen brought to a low ebb by men who are really unfitted for the positions they occupy. If scenes of such a nature can take place in the Council Chamber, it can be no stretch of itnagitia- tion to believe, that similar if not worse kinds of scenes take place in the Committee Rooms. The natural result of this is that measures and objects which men devote their time and energies to, and, for the benefit of those among whom they live and serve, are hindered and certainly delayed, and it is not at all surprising that the town of Werrington is in a portion of its municipal and social legislation, quite a generation behind the times. As one illustration of thie fact. I need only point out the cendition of' the streets on a Saturday evening,a con- dition which would not be tolerated in any well governed town. The quentlty of drunken men and women who are to be seen about the etreete is simply astounding and gives net only a native but also a straeger to the town when he sees it, the impression, that either the governing 1)14 of the town is weak, or that it is strangely apathetic. The report whichk was famished by the Chief Cotntable and published only a few weeks ago, confirms this view, and to those who take an interest in the social condition of their fellow creatures, the report must have afforded melancholy reading. I know it saddened the hearts of many. We have, I believe, an excellent and intelligent Chief Conetable, who has under his charge a fine looking body of police, and yet they appear powerless to stop the excessive drinking which practically takes place under their own observation. Who are responeible ? The police or the Corporation? Is not the power of control of the police vested in the Corporation ? In reading the report it was significant that not a single convintion against a publican was re- corded during the past year of serving a customer with excessive drink and yet there were hundreds of cases of men and women convicted of being drunk and dieor derly etc. (Drunkenness alone is not considered a crime and therefore thousands are mercifully and justly allowed to go scot free). lam no advocate for the har- assing of publicans. A publican who carries on his -businets in a legitimate manner is entitled to the respect and consideration of his fellow citizens. It is patent, however, that in Warrington the intnxieating liquor laws are being flagrantly and openly disregarded. The remedy le simple. All that ie needed is that those who take upon themselves municipal duties shall perform them. If they are not prepered to do so they are either false to the trust reposed in them or they do not under- stand what municipal duties are and therefore should net undertake them. • In conclusion let me quote the words of Paley, a re- ro2nised authority on governing and with whore words lam in complete accord : "A vigilant meeistracy, an accurate police and an undeviatine impartiality in cerryiny the laws into execution, contribute more to the restraint and suppression of crime than any excessive severity of puniehment."--Yours faithfully. E. ENGLAND.

Moqg Rouge, Rockton TlPatb, 7th SeptembPr, 1899.

CADBURY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation as a deli- cious, strengthening beverage, ax.d a valuable nutritive food The "Lancet" says it represents "the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having CADBURY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—asther Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of -eatra pron.—Ada: (2 The Light Wines of Germany, so appreciated in the 'Summer Season, are in favour with the Medical Profession. '' Zeller," from the Moselle district, is a wise light and palatable, and guaranteed absolutely pure. At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally considered tobe of wonderful value. It can be obtained of all W. &A. •Guarr's 3,000 Agents throughout the country.—Advt. ASIt. or CUNNINGHAM' HIGH-CLASS. MINERAL WATERS.—Advt BUST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNTIER TICE CLOCI7. 4dvt• CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES, New and Second- 'land.—J. S. GARLAND 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warring - too, —Advt.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CASES

Moths Newton Town Hall, on Monday morning, before Messrs. Gillespie and Stone. Mark Basful, for begging, was sent to gaol for 7 days; L. Cork, for being drunk was fined 24. 6d. and cost 4, and in default was committed for 7 days ; L. linkers, for a similar offence was seat to prison for 14 days, and L. Bradshaw was fined 2i. 61. and costs far being drunk. B. Small was similarly mulcted for inebria- tion. _

===== 0002601_18990915_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
VIILCA.N DAy ScnooL.

The children attending this School had their annual treat on Friday afternoon last. The scholars to the number of about 100 were entertained to tea. their wants being attended to by Mesdames Coiling- wood, Carson, Norman. Miss Norman and ethers. After tea theydispersed to the Vulcan Foundry Com- pany's field where they engaged in racing, swinging and other games. As each child left the field foi home they were presented with a bag of nuts and sweets by the Valcan Foundry Company.

PICNIC FROM THE VULCAN. On Saturday the erectors employed ,at the Vulcan Foundry had their second annual picnic. Their destination was Abbey Lakes and thither 27 pro- ceeded in wagonettes. leaving the Vulcan at 12 o'clock, reaching the Abbey Lakes grounds. after a pleasant drive, at 3 o'clock. A bowling handicap was indulged in, and tea, which was of a substan- tial order was served at 4-30. Afterwards dancing, bowling, and boating was indulged in until 7-45 when a start was made for home, the Vulcan being reached at 945. A photograph of the party was taken and each of those accompanying the picnic will be presented with a copy. The arrangements for the outing were efficiently made by Mr. Atkin- son.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO MR. R. RITCHIE, NEWTON.

An accident happened to Mr. R Ritchie, of New- ton, on Saturday, at the Home Farm, Liverpool- road, Ashton, and in the occupation of Mr. Richard Hunt; whilst unloading, and erecting an extra large chaff cutter. In doing thi:, he had the assistance of Messrs. Wallace and Tomlinson, and the three suc- ceeded in getting the new machine up two storeys, and when in the act of lowering the old machine, the rope attached to the blocks slipped through the fingers of Mr. Ritchie and one of the assistants. The latter became entangled with the rope, and was thrown to the ground, the fall breaking his right leg. Mr. Ritchie also sustained severe injuries to his head. One of the individuals present had undergone a course of instruction in rendering first aid, and whilst a local doctor was sent for the suf- ferer was undergoing preliminary treatment. The medical gentleman ordered him to his home at New- ton, Dr. Watkins being present when the patient arrived. Mr. Ritchie is now progressing as favour- ably tits may be desired. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

===== 0002601_18990915_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASSES.

The syllabus for the session 1899, 1900, of the classes which are to be held in connection with the above have just been issued to the public. As be- fore it is of a comprehensive character, and replete with every information the intending student may desire. It will be seen from an advertisement in another column, that the classes' open for instruc- tion on Monday evening next, that evening being taken up with Laundry, Shorthand, Book-keeping, Dressmaking and Millinery. There have been one or two slight alterations in the teaching staff. Mr. G. F. Clare who had charge of the Book-keeping classes last session, is replaced by Mr. D. P. Davies of Liverpool, end Mr. T. R. Bradley of Earlestown, replaces Mr. Howorth in the tuition of Grammar, handwriting and composition. The inducements off sred to students, are excellent, the prize list being one of the best in the country whilst the arrangements for the comfort and convenience of those taking part in the classes are of the best. The fees are exceptionally low, and there should be no lack of students in the various subjects set down, both scientific and commercial. THE LATE Mn.WILLIAM THOMPSON.

At the quarterly meeting of the Viaduct Insti- tuterechnical Instruction Committee, Earlestown, the following resolution was unanimously passed, and the Secretary was instructed to forward a copy to Mr. William Thompson, Larkfield, Earlestown : --" That it is with very sincere regret we have to record the death of Mr. William Thompson' senr., manager of the Sankey Sugar Company, Earles- town. For a number of years the Company with which the deceased gentleman was so closely con- nected, had by contributions to the prize fund of this Committee, and in other ways, shown its appreciation of, and sympathy with the educa- tional work carried on in this district ; and know- ing that Mr. Thompson took a lively interest in all matters affecting the well-being and educational development, not only of the employes under his own control, but also of the young people in the district generally. this Committee therefore begs to assure the members of: the late Mr. Thompßon's family of its deep sympathy in the great loss they have sustained."—Signed on behalf of the Com- mittee, T. ORMAND, Secretary.--Mr. Thompson, on behalf of the family has acknowledged the receipt of this communication, and thanks the Committee for the kind expressions of sympathy contained in the resolution.

SONS OF TEMPERANCN JUBIL'IN AT RABLESTOWN. On Saturday the members; of the Earlestown Grand Division of the Sons of Temperance Friendly Society, celebrated under vary ausDicions circum- stances the jubilee of their institution. The pro- ceedings included, and were initiated by, the unfcr- ling of the division banner, this ceremony taking place on the Market Square before a large concourse of people. The banner, which has previously been displayed in St. Helens,and is of a beautiful and rich description was unfurled by Bro. W. Davies, M.W. Sentinel of Manchester, and was afterwa' do carried in front of a procession, which paraded the princi- pal streets of Earlestown, headed by the Sutton- road Prize Band. Included in the procession were the Grand Division Officers from St. Halens,Widnes. and Havdock,with representatives from those places and with the members of the Earlestown ledge (Britain's Need), and the Samuel Norley Sectloe of Cadets presented a fairly strong combination, each of the officers wearing their regalia. The proces- sionists dispersed at the Town Hall, and afterward proceeded to " the Co-operat;ve Hall, where an excellent tea was provided and at which labout 400 people were present Later on a concert and public meeting took place in the Town Hall which was well filled. Mr. Charles Harrison, G.W.F. of St. Helens presided and he was supported by Mr. W. Davies, of Vane.helter, and I most of the Grand Division offieers. The pro- Inramme of the concert was sustained by the Cecilia ILadies Choir, under the conductorship of Mrs. Latimer, A.R.C.O. Dining an interval in the musi- cal contributions, emblems were presented to Bros. George Clarke and T Wheatley, for services ren- dered, both having passed through the chairs. The reciniente suitably replied to the eulogiums passed iby Bro.W Davies,and the programme waspro'...eeded with. The following were the items: Part song. The Troubadour"; song, "The gift of Rest." Miss Lottie Jones; duet, " Beware." Misses L Stronach and Mayne ; recitation, Mr J Vibbgter ; song, "The Chimney Corner," Mies Edith Sirett ; trio, "Three little maids:from school," Misses Sirett,L and R Holdsworth ; song. "The Carnival," Miss Daisy Mather; part song, " Some strain that once thou heardest" ; trio, "0 Memory," Misses Shepherd. Sirett and Mather; song, "The Mission of a Rose," Miss M Stronech ; duet." A fairy song," Misses

Sirett and Mather ' • trio," Three little Qua-kereqses, Nfis;eci M Stronach, L and K Heldeworth ; song "The Barque of Dream," MiAq L Stronach. recite tion, Mr John H Webster; part son, "Scottish Rhapsodie," introducing well-known Scottish reelo- dies. Votes of thanks brought the gathering to a close.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ACCIDENT AT A COLLIERY.

John Sullivan, aged sixteen. of Cairn-street, Thatto Reath, wis admitted to the St. Helens Hospital, on Monday. Pufferine from injuries sustained at the Lea Green Colliery. Sullivan was employed among the coal waggons in the pit. and by some means or other wls caught between the waggons and his legs crushed. Dr. Jackson attended him. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OF A WOMAN.

_ An extraordinary case of attempted suicide occurred at Wilson-street, St. Helens, on Monday night, when a young married woman took a qtrantity of carbolic acid. •The affair happened about five o'clock, at No. 6, Wilson- street, where Mrs. Maud Sparks and her husband lived. These young people are both only eighteen years of age, and they were married six weeks ago. At the time the husband was employed as a labourer at the Pocket Nook Glassworks, but for the past week he has been out of work. Sparks on Monday found his wife in one of the bedrooms in a semi-conscious state. Dr. Dow was immediately called, and after attending to the unfor- tunate woman, he handed her over to the care of the police; who took her in a cab to the Providence Hospital where Dr. Bellew was called in. She is expected to re- cover.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899

sent. The Company offered to put the Clerk's office, the Workhouse, and the Medical Offiner on the exchange for telephonic c)mmuoication for £27 per annum They thought :h sai r3asonable offer. lc rested with the Board to 9%9 whetty.T they approved of it. rile Con- pany &sired a fiv yoAri` areement. Mr. KNOWLES thought £lO a ¶er woald have been sufficient. He did no; bee tha advantage of having the Clerk's office put on. Toe CHAIRMAN said the company considered that they were making a very fair ofLr. He thought that it would save the Union considerable expense in telegrams. All the asylums to whir h they sent patients were on the telephone an i it would save a considerable sum in tel grams. He thau;hy. on the waole it would be economi- cal.

Dr. PATTEP-SON proposed that the £27 offer be ac- cepted. Mr. PILLING aPcinci9d, An el it was affrAed to. THE TENDERS FOR SLOW CONIBUSTION GRITEi

Messrs. Owen and Son proiuced sealed tenders fn the Flubstitution of thirty slow combustion grates for the present grates at the workhousg. These wr opme Iby Mr. Owen at the requlst of the Bard, and it was subie- quently ascert tined that the arrilunt I were as folio we: —Messrs Skelton, Limited, £lO5 ; Messrs Williams and Clay. £ll4 ;Mr J S Uarland, £1.15 151 Mr J D )lan. £137 5s ; and Caldwells, Limited, £l4O. Mr Owen said the only remark he had to make about the tenders was that in the case of Messrs Skelton, four grates were halt an inch nsrrower than the openings of the mantels, but the difficulty could be got over. The CifkIRMAN Tney are all similar in strength in the bars ? Mr. OWEN • Yes. Mr. CLARKE : tire they to be supplied to weight? Mr. OwErit : No. Mr. HICKMAN proposed, anti Mr. THORNT3N seconded, the acceptance of the contract of Messrs. Skelton.

The 11,v. W. H. DeuntssoND said he w3uld lik3 some assurance with regard to the irregularity in the tender that it did not make material difference in the con- tract. All the contractors might have taken upon them- selves to tender somewhat differently, and a material difference might have been made' although Messrs. Skelton' s tender was very much the lowest. Mr. KNo vL3: If they had not told us the difference we should not hive known. Mr. OwEbr : No. The contract of Messrs. Skelton was then acc9ntod, THE CONTRACT FOR THE BOILER HOUSE.

Mr. Owkrr said that Mr. C. W. Davenport was the only p-rson who had sent in a tender for the erection of the biiler house and other work connected therewith. The terrier was for the sum of £1,680. His (Mr. Owen's estimate was only £1,200 for that work, so that Mr. navelwort's price exceeded it by £6BO. He thought it might be possible to reduce the specification and he would sufv.,,s'; that the matter be deferred for further consideration.

Mr. PILLING moved that it bs referred to the Infirmary Committee, for further consileration. Mr. KNOWLES 3uzzestld thm the tenders should bl advertisel more largely than was the case on the last ovasion.

Mr. JOLLEY seconiA Mr. Pilling' s proposition,and the resolution sva.s unanimously carried. THE PRICE OF TWO BOILERS.

Mr. MILLER produced the tenders which he had re- ceived for two large boilers required for the new Infirm- ary. He had sent specifications to almost all the prin- cipal firms in the country. His estimate for the work was £ll2O. The lnweat tender was for £1125. Toe tenders were as follows :—Vressrs. Tinker, of Hyde, £1125; Taylors of Maroden,Yorkshire,£l2ls; Musgroves' of Bolton, £1287 ; Danks of Oldbury, £1330 ; Horsefield or Dewsbury, 1375 ; Fawcett, Preston and Company of Liverpool,•£lsBo ; Yates and Thom ; £1224. Mr. KNOWLE9 pointed out that no local contractors _ _ _ _ _ . _ .

were included, and thought it should be re-advertis.A. Mr. MILLER slid he did no think they would get any moro tenders if they advertised, and he believed some of those firms who had already sent in tenders would with- draw if it were advertised. He did not think they would get a.nythin; better. Messrs. Forshaw and Sons, of Warringt sn, were asked to tender, but did not do so. Mr. KNOWLES said he would like to try the experi- ment. Mr. FORSHAW proposed that the tender of Messrs. Tin- ker be accepted. 11.. r. ASHCROFT seconded. In answer to Mr. Thornton, Mr. Miller said he consi- dered the contract a fair price for the work. The resslution Was c +tried un snimausly. It was decided that tenders should tee issued for the necessary pipin, etc., in connectioa with the bailers, and submitted to the Lifirrnary Committee who were to report at s future meeting, of th s Board.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF ( GUARDIANS. DIPO RTAN T BUSINESS.

A meeting of this B ard was held in the Boari Blom at the Wortch)u:e on WAnesday morning. Mr A J Jolley prei7ded, and there were also present : Rev W H Drummond, Dr Patterson, Messrs J Clarke, A Brook, William Hourtaton, J Ball, T B Malkin, H Thornton, R Forshaw, H Hibbert, T B Ashcroft, A Jolley, William Hickman, S Davies, J Billinge, G Pilling, .1 W Knowles, with Mr J C Sutton (clerk),Nlr S Sutton (assistant clerk) Mr Ward (workhonge master) Mr Wright (superintendent Padgate 'Schools) Mr Owen (architect) and Mr Miller of Liverpool (consulting engineer). DR. WATKINS' CHARGES FOR lODINE AND QUININE. _

Mr. PILLING drew attention to a bill of Dr. Watkins for ths supply of iodine and quinin which, he con- tended, Pestned extravagant. Mr. Pilling mentioned several of the items. _ .

Mr. BILLINGE : Dr. Watkins is a professional gentle- man. I quite endorse the remark that the bill is a heavy one, but there are three very special cases, and you must always remember that we are not so favour- ably situated at the other end of the Union as you an at this end. H-sre you have free hospitals and infirmaries. The doctor's bill is taxed in every case. All the items are carefully checked. The CLERK: There is a little difforence. In Warring- ton the medical mon get their medicines from the druggists. and we pay the druggist direct, but Dr. Wat- kins has t supply himself. Mr. PILLING : He gets the profit instead of the druggist. (Laughter). The CLERK: Dr. Patterson and his C )mmittee ought to know what are fair charges. _

BILLINGE : We admt it is a large VII.

anelunte were then pAsged,

SCHOOLS COMAICTRE.-RMIGNATION OF THE SCHOOL MISTRESS. _

Miss H;zlllhaving tenderel her re3ignation as head- mistress the same was accepted with regret, and the good wishes of the committ,-e for her happiness in the married life upon which she 14 about to enter were cordially and unanim msly expressed. R,c)rnmendel that a OUCCI3iOr be advertised for at the same salary, £3O p-r annum. The minute was approved. MASTER'S REPORT,

Mr. WARD reporrel that the school children at the kind invitation of Mr. and Mrs. Frost, of Grappenhall Hall, spent a vary enjoyable day in the country. He had received a parcel of magazine i and periodicals from Mrs. S. Jolley ; also a present of flowers and fruit from Mrs. Frost.

The repot t wag adopted. PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE WORKHOUSE LAUNDRIES.

The House Committee recommended that MQssrs. W. and S. Owen be instructed to report upon and prepare plans for the extension of the workhouse laundries, So. Te CHSIRMAN remarked, in moving the confirmation ot the minutes, that the only matter calling for atten- tion WS3 the proposal that Messrs. Owen prepare plans for the extension of the laundries and of certain other minor alterations. These alterations were neclisi- tated practically by the approaching completion of the new Infirmary, and would commend themselves, no doubt, to he favourable consideration of the Board. Mr. ASHCROFT s,c snded. _ _

The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND remarked with regard to the laundry question that there were some members of the committee who did not pledge themselves to ap- prove of the extension. They simply allowed the matter to CORI forward in order that it might be put in a con- opnient form before the Board. It came before the com- mittee for the first time oa Friday, and they were not in a position to understand whether the extension was ne- cessary. They desired a full discussion of the matter when the plans were prepared. Mr. ASHCROFT That was understood at the last meeting. Mr. HICKMAN: I approve of the enlargement of the laundries ; in fact, I called attention to the matter four or five years ago: Mr. ALFRED JOLLEY : Beard five years ago. Mr. HICKMAN : YOU are not on the Town Council now (Laughter.) Mr. ALFRED JOLLEY : You should Bonk the truth. The minutes were agreed to. THE ESTIMATES'.

You were not a mFmber of the

The CLERIC Submittei hi i half yearly statlm nit nqn

the estimates for the half year ending at Lady Day,l9oo. He stated that a call of sixpence in the £ estimated to provide £9,438 was necessary. This sum with the aid of favourable balances would meet all demands upoa the Board withinithe next half-year and pro7ide a reason- able surplus at the close. In answer to Mr. Billinze, the Clerk said there were several townships which had not yet pail their calls. The defaulting townships were Rixton, Great Sankey and Croft. - -

Thri CLERK was given permissbu to take out stlm• morws if found nec.q4arv. ANOTHER LOAN ON TFIE NEW INFIRMARY.

Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON moved a resolution that the Guardians consent to the execution of works and the provision of Wings and fixtures for the purpose of light- ing by electricity the new workhouse infirmary and the workhouse premises, and to the expenditure on the said "sons, and other wise in connection with the new infir- mary of a sum no exceeding seven thousand pounds in addition to the sum of twenty five thousand poucds' autboezed by the Order of the Local Government Board. dated the 19th day of January. 1893, to be expended on thp Infirmary. It was further resolved that the sum of £7OOO be borrowed,and paid within a period not exceed- ing fifteen years. Mr. PILLING seconded, and asked whether the rate of istPrest had been decided. The CLERK said he could not do anything until the permission of the Local Government Board had been obtainfd, but the money woulEl probably be obtained at the same rate. _ _

Mr. THORI•ITON : What interest did we pay for the other loan ? The CLERK : 21 per cent. The resolution was then carried. LETTER FROII MISS DUTTON.

Miss Bpssie Dutton wrote to the Clerk thanking him

for his kind note and good wishes for her stronger health. Sho wished him to convey to the Guardians her grateful acknowledgment of the receipt of their most appreciative and welcome message. The small part se had taken in the work of the Ladies Committee had ben very interesting, and she wished to thank the officials for their willing, assieaoce.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
-81;iTE- OF PiUPERISM..IN THE UNION.

_ _ The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND called the attention of the Board to the printed statemeet of Mr. Jenner Fust, the Local Government Board Inspector, showing the state of pauperism in Lancashire at Lady D ay, 1899. He did not think the report should be received as a mere matter of form. Jo toe first place he would like to call attention to the feet that there was a diminution of pau- pers in the Warrington Union. the figures now reading one in 50 instead of one in 48, but on the other hand, they must not think they were in an enviable position, seeing that th-re were as many as 22 better and only seven worse out of thirty unions in Lancashire. Look ing down the list the cost per head at Warrington seemed considerable, and he would like to kaow whether the increased cost was a general increase over all departments or only of some special department. The average cost of in-maintenance and out-relief during the five years 1894-8 was £8,299. whereas last year it was £9,274, which was praetc Illy an increese of £l,OOO. The CHAIRMAN stated that the average number of in- door poor define the year 1899 was 543. bet during the five pierce-line years the average was only 517. The in- creased number of indoor paupers partly explained the extra expenditure for in-maintenanee. There was always an increased number of recipients of nut-relief. Mr. BROOKS : Must not some allowance be made for the increase of population ? The CHAIRMAN: Allthe averages are worked out on the population Census returns of 1891. The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND : There will have been an increase of population in other unions. Mr. BROOKS : I don't think there has been the same increase. The CHAIRMAN said that if they compared the War- rineton Union with neighbouring unions, they came out remarkably well. If they took Prescot Union for in- stance, they would find that Warrington was in a better position. But on the other hand. Warrington compared unfavourably with Leigh. The Rev. W. H. Drummond was right in implying that their pesitioa, although not unsatisfa.ctery, might be improved. Mr. J. W. KNOWLES said bad trade accounted for t he position of Prescot. I The CHAIRMAN thought that Warrringten saved some- thing in the cost of administration. Mr. KNOWLES was of opinion that Prescot Union was I better conducted than perhaps Warrington was. The CHAIRMAN : Well both of us cempare badly with Leigh. It would be of advantage if all the members looked at the returns carefully. Mr. PILLINS thought the Clerk might be able to make some report on the return. It was ultimately decided that the Clerk should con- sider the return, and furnish the Board with reasons for the increased cost as shown by the Local Government Board Inspector. ADOPTION OF TELEPHONES. - -

The CHAIRMAN reported that in accordance with instructions given at the last meeting the Clerk had interviewed the Secretary of the Telephone Company with reference to the adoption of telephones by the Guardians, and reported the result to a meeting of the House Committee. It was suggested that the Telephone Company should amend the proposals. Substantially, the Telephone Company now made two offers. They had offered tl put all their institutions including the Workhouse. Padgate Schools, the Clerk's office, and medical officers (Drs. Peacoche and Braide) on the exchange for £44 a year. That was thought by the Com- mittee to be too much money, and the opinion prevailed that they might do without telephonic communication with the Padgate Schools and Dr. Peacacke for the pre-

===== 0002601_18990915_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO MR. H. PARKER LOWE.

NO HOPE OF REL;OVERING EYESIGHT. SYMPATHETIC; CORRt4ISPONDENCE Faan

RUNCORN.

It will be remembered that through a shooting accident at Glci,sel, Deeside, Mr. Harry Parker Lowe, a London Barrister, and son-in-law of Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart., M.P., was severely injured and it was feared his sight would be entirely lost. Though attended by eminent Scotch oculists the worst fears have now been realised and it has been stated that the medical gentlemen have no hope of Mr. Lowe ever again being able to see. In connection with thia Rad caiamity we append the following correspondence : Town Hall, Runcorn, 9th September 1899.

Sir John T. Brunner, M.P., Glasse!, K.S.O. Aber- deenshire.—Dear Sir.—lt was with very great re- gret that I heard of the very serious accident which had happened to your son-in-law, Mr. Parker Lowe. I now see by the newspaper account that all hope of saving Mr. Lowe's eyesight has been abandoned. It is such a terrible calamity that I feel that I must express to you and your family my very deep sym- pathy. You have become so closely associated with the life of Runcorn, that what affects you touches us, and lam sure' that the people of this town are greatly concerned at the irreparable loss which has befallen your son. I would again express to you and Lady Brunner, my very deep sympathy with you in your great trouble.—Yours faithfully,

FR A.NCIS WISWALL.

Glassel, R. 5.0., Aberdeenshire, MI Sept. 1899. My dear Mr. Wiswall,—Lady Brunner and I are exceedingly grateful to you for the kind thought which has prompted you to express sympathy with Us in our sad troulYe, on your own account and on account of the town. We are comforted by seeing how bravely poor Mr. Lowe and our daughter bear their great affliction, ant how utterly devoted they are to each other.—With warmest thanks and very kind regards, I remain, yours faithfully, JOHN T. BRUNNER. Francis Wiswall, 2sq.,J.P. CLAIM AGAINST A. FRIENDLY . SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
CASE AT NEWTON SESSIONS.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday before Captain Withington (chairman), and other magistrates, Mary Goan' Queen-etreet, Golborne, claimed £7 163 from Mrs L. E. Bradburn, of Golborne payable on the death of James Faulkner on a policy issued by the Royal London Friendly Society.—Mr. A. E. White, selicitor, Warrington, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. A. Smith, of Wigan, for the Friendly Society. Mr. White said that he appeared on behalf of Mary Coan who claimed £7 161 from the Royal London Friendly Society, payable on the death of James Faulkner. Complainant's mother was insured in the Society, and on her death the claim WAS paid. Toe person who collected, a man named Bradburn, callFd on plaintiff and asked her if she would allow him to issue a policy on the life of her father' James Faulkner, and offered to see the matter through if she consented. She did consent, and Bradburn went and saw Faulkner, and in due course a policy was issued. He understood that the Society desired to have the COM decided fairly and squarely on its merits. They had no wish to take notice of any technical points. To proceed with the case, Mr White said the policy was canvassed from his client by Bradburn, and Bradburn himself saw the party whose life was to be insured. What took place between them be did not know. Faulkner was an illi- terate man. The premiums were duly paid by plaintiff till December, when she was told that her father had died in September in the Bolt on Workhouse. Faulkner was in the habit of going under two names. He was known sometimes as James Faulkuer and sometimes as James Davies. Being an illiterate man he did not positively know which was his name. The children preferred the name of Faulkner. Bradburn, the collector,had admitted that he knew the man by both names. Mr. Smith said the society did not dispute the man was known by both names. Mr. White, continuing, said that on being informed of her father's ideath, plaintiff obtained a certificate of death from the registrar which stated that James Davies aged 61, died in Bolton Werkhouse on the 16th Septem- ber 1898. The certificate of death was sent to Brad- burn,and he returned it saying that deceased had died in the name of Davies and there would be an awkward- ness in the matter. His client had incurred considerable expense since negotiating with the registrar. After in- quiries it was found that the man entered the workhouse in the name of Davies. On his death the Workhouse Master informed the registrar. When the policy was taken out, his age f was sated as being 54, and when he entered the Workhouse he said he was 61 years of age. Probably he thought he would be ' better treated the older he said he was. His client then went to a great deal of expense to have the certificate altered to the proper age and he produced the corrected certificate which stated that he was 53 years of age. When he submitted the certificate he thought it proved a prima facie case. On the certificate the age was altered to 53 years which Was, however, really younger than that which was given on the policy. That age was obtained—

Mr Sagth.otjected to the source of the age being statpd.

Mr. White said they were prep 'red to say from what source the age was obtained. Cantinuing,he said that the matter had been in consideration for some months, and his client tried with the assistance of her brother to see thy matter throush and obtain the policy. They could not, however, get the society to move in the matter at all. It was then placed in the hands of Mr. Rigg, of Bolton, who had int.rviews with Bradburn. A letter was received on the 17th May from Mr. Fyan, super- intendent at Wigan, but Mr. White contended thtt it did not contain any suggestion of what the society required from the relatives. There was a statement in it, that information had been given to a relative. That relative would be before them and inform them of what took place at an interview he had with Fyan, His client next went to Bolton Wnrkhouse and obtained a certificate showing the date deceased was admitted. The brother took this to Fyan and asked him what more he required, but he absolutely refused to tell him,using the expression that he was not going to give his case away. Some words took placa between them and in the end Fyan ordered him out of the office. The matter was then put into his(Mr.White's)hands as Mr.Rigg did not practicein that court. He sent a letter to Bradburn to ascertain what really were the questions at issue. The reply was that he had already given much time in exolaining the matter to one solicitor, and he did not think at that period he should be disposed to go over the ground with another. He asked them to address their communications in future to the office of Mr. Fyan, Waligate, Wicfan. They considered that the letter should be sent to Mrs. Broadbent, as she was the person to be sued. Mr. Smith thought it was not the proper thing to write to the agent, as the society was the party to pay the amount.

Mr. White said there was no solicitor engaged in the matter at that stage on behalf of the Society, and he was bound to write to the person he was going to sum- mons. Mrs. Coan was perfectly justified in forwarding the letter where she liked. Up to that staee no point really had been raised by the Society, except the general one that they would not pay it. It appeared that Davies was for some time in the Leigh Workhouse, and he was known there by that -name. A man named Stephen Horraghan had knowa him for 14 or 15 rears by both names, and had lived in the same street with him. This man saw him in the Leigh Workhouse in company with a man named Michael Foy, who also knew him by the name of Davies Foyd was in the Bolton Work- house, when he died and actually saw him die. Mr. White read one of the rules of the society showing that all amounts not exceeding £lBO should be paid upon satisfactory proof of the death and name of deceased. and that when required, the local representative should produce the certificate of birth or document or any proof of his correct age to the satisfaction of the committee of management. Mr. White laid particular stress on the words "if required," and said that they absolutely denied refusing having been requited and refusing to produce those proofs, They had been to very much more expense to have the certificate of death altered than it would have cost to obtain the certificate of birth. Braiburn who canvassed the policy and made all -arrangements, expresced himself perfectly satisfied and approached plaintiff with a view to settlement. They refused t take what he offered. He was astonished that the case was brought into court. Mary Coan, Queen-street, Golborne, was then called and gave evidence of having taken out the policy, and the negotiations that bad followed the death of her father. Thomas Faulkner, brother of plaintiff, related his interviews with Mr. Fyan and the Master of Bolton Workhouse, bearing out Mr. White's statement. Themes Horraghan and Michael Foy also gave evidence. They had known deceased for many years, and Foy saw him die in Bolton Workhouse. He went under the name of,James Davies. 'Mr. Smith then addressed the magistrates for the defence. The magistrates unanimou./y decided that the defend- ants should pay the amount claimed together with the full costs and advocates' fee.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
AUTUMN SALE,

S WEEPING REDUCTIONS. If vou wish to buy a High-grade CYCLE at the price of the so-ealled Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, AND WE WILL SURPRISE YOU.

HITCHINGS, 74, BOLD-STRBRT. LIVBRPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE LIALF-YEiRLY CONTRACTS

The Bari decided to accept the fcllowing contract' : cord and twill. Mr T Jackson Lee, Bridgc-itreet ; milk for Workhouse, the FArinArs Stores Dairy, Bewsey-3t. ;

milk for schools, Mr J W Houghton, Woolston; Pea- meanmawr stone, Warrington Slate Combany ; pot stoes and straw, Jams Cliff bread, Messrs W and J Strange; shoes, Messrs H 11)berts and S ; beef and mutton, Messrs Sinceeton and S,entienson; flour and meal,Mr T S Carter; coffins, Mr Lowdsn Wells; leather,Messrs Picka- vance and Son ; clogs, Mr William Jones; coal, Messrs Evans aid Co:, Mil contracts for brushes, grocely and drapery were referred to the House Committee for acceptance. The Board then rose;

===== 0002601_18990915_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL OF UR. W. E. WHITTAKER, RUNCORN.

On Monday, the death took place, at Brookfield, Runcorn, of Mr. William Edge Whittaker,one of the oldest and most respected townsmen. The deceased gentleman had been confined to his house for the past six or seven years, and latterly suffered from bronchitis. He had been attended by Dr. Robinson, and although from his advanced age and infirmities death might not have been unexpected, the end came rather suddenly about four o'clock on Monday afternoon. In his better health deceased had served the town in almost every public capacity. He was a member of the old Board of Commissioners, and his shrewdness and business capacity were of great service on the local authority. As a member of the Board of Guardians he undertook work which was very dear to his heart, an 4 not a few will remember with grateful recollection his many acts of charity which characterized his services on the Board. Among the offices he held may be, mentioned his connection with the Burial Board the Savings Bank, the Roncorn Gas Company, and other institutions. He was a staunch Churchman, and for n.,any years held the office of warden. His interest in the Parochial Schools remained unabated up to the time of his death. For years he was a member of the committee of managers, and con- tinued to hold the office of treasurer until his demise. Indeed there are no institutions con- nected wite the Parish Church that have not very largely benefited from his characteristic liberality. The deceased was formerly in business as a chemist and druggist at the old-established premises in High-street now occupied by Mr. J. H. Weston, and it was here that he made a fortune which enabled' him to retire into private life. He filled one or two important offices more immediately connected with the county, not the least important of which was that of a member of the Weaver Trust. Deceased was in his 82n4 year. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon, and was very largely attended. The cortege formed an imp )sing spectacle as it proceeded from the house to the Parish Church, where the first portion of the service was conducted by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, assisted by the Rev. W. H. Stables (Weston.) Re-forming, the mournful procession proceeded to the Greenway-road Cemetery, in the following order :—Teachers and scholars of the Church schools; general public; members of the Urban District Council, School Board, and other public bodies ; Clutch officers • surpliced choir; the Revs Canon Wood, W H Stables, W Scholes, H. B Firth. Eki Oliver and C P Bashforth ; the hearse and body; Doctor's carriages containing: Dr Roberts and Mr A Lake; first coach, Mr W L Clarke, Rev J Eyars (Buxton), and J J W Potter second coach, Mr A Timmins, Mr Smith (brother- in-law), and Nit Walker ; 3rd coach, Mr W T Smith, Mr G Smithand Mr E Imison.—The service throughout was tally choral, and the concluding sentences at the graveside were pronounced hy the Vicar (Rev. Canon Wood.) By the deceased's request there were no flowers, and the funeral arrangements, which were carried out by Mr R Morris, High-street, were of a quiet and unobstru- sive character. Blinds were drawn and other mani- festationsof respect exhibited throughout the town.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITS.

STAR INN, STATHAM, v. BLACK HORSE :ANKEY BRIDGES.

The return game in a home-and-home match was played on the ground of the former, and resulted as follows :

STAR INN. MACK HORSE. W Hill (Capt.) F Lockyer W Miller l3 S Fellows E Bowles W Lockver l3 W Burges J Daniels H Antrobus J Hampson J Hill P Moston R Greg l3 W Roberts 7 T Owen G Holt 7 T Clark T Percival

158 Majority for the homeetere, 54.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RIJI3,BY FOOTBALL. [By ''OyaztsTl History rapeatei I:self on Sturiay. Last yozr, it will be rememhered, Leigh baggeLl two points at the Wilderspool enclosura by ceatainiag a very questionabl try, and on Saturday they succeeded in getting the referee's consent to a try which was still more qusstion able and won the match by it. To score eight points and lose the match aft r all is distinctly hard lines for Warrington. In this connection at any rate I believe Warrington broke a long-staniing record of Leigh's,—and .of which their supporters were istly proud,—at not having had their lines crossed twice in a single match. Warrington may theref ore be ab'e to derive a little consolation from that. But I believe the Warrington score would have been still larger if Jones had been in his place in the three-quarter line. It was decidedly disappointing, perhaps quite as much to the committee as to the spectators, that the match on Saturday had to be played without his assistane in consequence of his not having been able to fulfil the regulations respecting the working ciaule. I think if a special exemption had been applied for in this instance, it would have been ("ranted. Considering the favourable impression which Jones made at St. Helens, there were many anxious to sea him and there is little doubt that it was with the intention of seeing the" new man "that many wended their way to the football enclosure on Saturday.

What can be more disappointing to the spectator, after all this hue and cry about new talent and first- class men, to find that the team chosen to play is a' purely local one P Such was the Case on Saturday with the single exception of Townend. Toe team was really very little different from that whicb was doing duty at the close of last season. This much, however, naay be said in its favour; every man showed greater earnest- ness in his work and a keener desire to win the match than seemed to charac,nrise some of the expositions of last season. I must confess that I have not very great hopes of Warrington reaching the top of the competition ladder this season, and I shall be inclined to be satisfied if they are able to tread one or two steps higher than last season. All the teams in the first division may be considered first-class clubs. Other football committees be- sides Warrington's have been looking for men to improve their combinations, and although none are so fortunate as Runcorn in being able to breed first-class footballers within the precincts of their awn boundary, they have succeeded in bringing in recruits who will add to the keenness in the contest for points.

But to return to Satur 1-ty's match. Leigh were de- layed for some considerable time whilst the London and North-Western Railway Company put on extra coaches to accommodate the large number of Leigh people who were desirous of seeing their unbeaten team make mincemeat of Warrington. It was ten minutes to four o'clock when they made their appearance on the field. In place of the white jersey we were now called upon to admire cerese and white, which has been adopted, so I was told—though it hardiy seems creditable—because the Leigh men succeeded in vanquishing the Batley men in jerseys of the self-same colour. And that reminds me, was it not duly recorded that the Leigh skipper late- sented the Batley captain with this beautifully coloured shirt as a memento of that notable engagement in the first round of the',cup tie?

Saturday's match had not, been in progress many moments before the Leigh men were giving us a taste of their quality. G suley was almost over the line in the first few minutes and Dunbavin and Molyneux were drop-kicking at all angles as though there were nothing else but goals ta score. The pressure of the first few minutes only Eerved to give Bate an opportunity of showing his ability. He led the attack with vigour and behind the "scrum" he had a splendid partner its Ashurst. They were opposed by two capable men in Dunbavin and Molyneux and it is questionable whether four better half-backs have been seen in a club match before. The score was opened in rather a startling manner. Dunbavin was making one of his usual drop- kicks when Bate charged the ball down and coming into possession el it he dodged over the line. Dunbavin, as though to compensate for the loss he had been the means of inflicting on his side,redoubled his effArts and success rewarded him at length in seeing the ball flying over the coveted crosv -bar. This only served as a stimulus to the Warrington men to increase the lead and just before the whistle sounded for half-time Duck- worth justified his inclusion in the team by scoring a try. Fish further increased the lead by kicking a goal.

With a lead of eight points against two, the Warring- ton spectators seemed pr,tty confidnit of victory. Bat their anticipations were rudely upset. Leigh made full use of the wind and sun and at the close of the match they were two points ahead. Warrington were most unfortunate in first losing the serviceq of Fish and then Harris through injuries, and it is possible that if they had been able to continue to the end of the match the result might have been different. The Leigh team cannot be described- as a brilliant combination. Danbavin is undoubtedly a first-class man and the same remark will perhaps apply to Molyneux but the others are a moderate lot. The forwards are exceptionally strong, but until Warrington were obliged to bring a man out of the pack, they gained little advantage over them. Bate and Fish were the smartest men on the Warrington side but it may be generously , conceded that all the Warrington men did , themselves justice with the exception of Siddall and I Hallam. Siddall failed to open out the game and he was " held" time after time with the ball in his possession. Hallam did not play one of his great games, and was dreadfully slow in returning the ball on many oc- casions. With these exceptions little fault could be found with the Warrington fifteen, and although beaten they were by no means disgraced.

Fletcher Russell's were at home to Runcorn Rees on Saturday last, and bad absentees in Scott Brown and Forster, but playing with dogged determination which is a feature of the Engineers play,secured a grand victory by 5 tries to one. A new wing was tried in Plinston who last year played with a local junior team, and be scored 3 tries out of sin clever fashion, and is included in the Engineers team against St. Mary's to-day. We think this lad will make an exc.llent wing player, and playing with the Engineers will have the chance of learning at the tricks of the trade. Fletcher's committee are cer- tainly to be commended for their enterprise, as they never seem to be stuck for a player, whenever they re- quire a vacancy filling, they always have a man fit for the position to place in the field. Such energy wouldibe very acceptable elsewhere. Fletcher's team for to-day against St. Mary's at Lovely•lane is as follows .—Full back, T Knight ; three-quarters, rlisston, Lawless, Nel- son, Radford ; half backs, Foden, Sutton ; forwards, T Antrobus, J Berry, Warburton, Jolley, Spencer, Davies, Holbrook and Brown.

News is to hand by mal of the brilliant play of Mr. J. S. Francomb, a member of the Eagrish team now tour- ing in Australia and New Zealand. He is described as one of the most brilliant forwards seen in international contests, and his play both in the pack and loose has won for him high encomiums. Our readers may remem- ber that Mr. Francomb has won laurels with the Lanca- shire team. He is the son of Alderman Francomb, of Victoria House, Wilderspool, and we understand he intends to settle in Australia for a lengthened period.

CRICKET.

The season is now quickly drawing to a clos9. War- rington played Sefton on their own ground on Saturday, this being tne concluding match on the Sefton card. The visitors were short of two good men in Callon and Connor. Sefton won the toss. and batting first on a slow wicket, compiled 106, Jones and H. H. Boswell knocking up 23 and 20 respectively. The Warrington men were dismissed for the small total of 59.805we1l and Wilkinson working great havoc with the ball.

===== 0002601_18990915_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Fooxitku. MATCH.—On Wednesday afternoon, Prod- sham had Runcorn Shops opposed to them in an associa- tion match on their ground off Main-street. An exciting game resulted : Frodsham two goals; Runcorn Shops, cue goal. THE NEW STATnEMASTER.—Residents in Frodsham and district will hear with pleasure that Mr. S. Thomas, the genial stationmaster of Mislay, has been promoted to take charge of the Froisham Station. Mr. Thomas during the four years be was at Helsby has by his obliging and courte-iu3 mannor won the highest eateena of all passengers as well as that of the residents, and his many friends heartily congratulate him on his promo- tion.

2. FRODSHAM AND DISTRICT EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.—A united rFcertion meeting of the Free Church congregations of the Frodsham District, was held at the Trinity Wesleyan Church, on Wednesday evening last, for the purpose of welcoming the newly appointed ministers ta the circuit. The chair was taken by Mr. J. Gue.t, 8.A., J.P.,and addresses were delivered by the Revs T H Bailey, G C Percival, A H Krnasten, H Hooper, F F Edmunds, J K Keels', and Messrs D J Albert, and J Brandreth. At the close of a successful Meeting collections on behalf of the Council's funds were taken. .

HARVEST FESTIVAL AT THE UNION CRURCH.--Tbe her- vest festival servicm took place on Sunday at the Union Church, Frodsham Bridge, the Rev H Hooper (pastor) preaching' morning and evening. There were excellent congregations, particularly in the evening. The decora- tions were, as usual, exceedingly good, the following ladies being responsible for the work .—Mesdames Shingler and Dutton.and Misses Gibsin,M and E Bowden Cawley and Worrall. Special music was rendered by the augmented choir, Master A Youde presiding at the organ. The offertories were on bebalf of the church unds.

LADIRS BEST GLAOR BOOTS AND SHOBS UNDBR THE CLOCK, BRIDGH-STIABBT.--Advt.

LA T EST NE

THE ACCIDENT AT VICTORIA. STALION.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

The inquest on the body ot J,I3fV) Cordingley Wilson, an engineer. of Radnor-street, FluErne, Manchester, who met his death as a resolt of injures ansitaitiel in the railway collision at Victoria Station on Monday. was resumed by the Manchester city deputy coroner, Mr. Aitken, on Thursday inoraing.—E iwin Bsoth, the driver of the train, said he went into the station at a walking pace, four or five miles an hour. It wad a perfectly safe speed to go at. He went on to explain that if he had had another tea yards to go he would have prevented the acciden% He applied toe brake as soon as he was aware of the proximity of the Blackpool train. The signal was right tor hi,ii to go ahead.—The jury form.' chat the accident was caused by a mistake on the part of one of the signalmen on duty, but by whom they were unable to say. ANOTHER POLICE SCINDSL IN MANCHEBTER. RESIGNATION OF A SUPERINTENDENT.

The Manche icer Watch Committee were engaged yes- terday morning in the investigatior, of a serious com- plaint relating to the conduct of a number of members of the B Division, inciultig ithe superintendent of tnat part of the ince. The all ,gation was that the men concerned had been in the habit of receiving Christmas presents from firms who are not unconnected with the brewing industry. It was reported to the committee that the superintendent had sent in his resignation. A question arose regarding his pension,and on this account and also for reasons which were based upon the gravity of the case and the number of offic-?rs involved the committee deferred their decision for a week. The superintendent of the division is Mr R Smith, who was appointed only a comparatively short time ago upon the resiftmation of Superintendent Go by. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST.

The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-west of England (in- cluding Manchester, Liverpool, and Holyhead) was issued at the Meteorological Office at three o'clock yesterday afternoon : North-westerly breezes, light. Fair.

PANIC IN A SYNAGOGUE.

32 WOMEN AND CHILD LIEN CRUSHED TO -DEATH.

BERLIN, THURSDAY.

A telegram from Kalisch, in Russian Poland, states that a terrible panic occurred in a synagegue at Lents- chitry owing to the upartting of a lamp. Thirty-two persons, all women and children,were crushed to death, and many were injured. THE HOUR CYCLE RECORD BROKEN. PHILADELPHIA, THURSDAY. Eckes has broken the world's hour bicycle record by 747 yards. FALL OF A TRAIN INTO A. RIVER, FIVE RAILWAY OFFICIALS KILLED. MUNICH, THURSDAY. A fatal railway accident has occurred between Muchldorf and Rohrbach. Owing to the undermining of one of the piers of a bridge over the Isen through the floods a train which was crossing fell into the river. Five railway officials were killed. There were no pas- sengers on the train.

DEATH OF MR. J. E. WORSLEY. • It is with regret that we recorl the death of Mr. J. E. Worsley, solicitor, and coroner for the Honor and Fee _of Halton which took place on Wednesday night at his residence, the Hermitage. Winwick. His death was due to choleraic diarrhcea. He had been indi4oosed for about a fortnight, and the comparative suddenness and unexpectedness of • his death came as a paitlful surprise to his many friends. The deceased gentleman was brought prominently before the public of Runcorn and dis- trict in his capacity of coroner, and by his kindly disposition and sympa'hetic treatment of the cases which came before him he had endeared himself to many and gained the respect of all with whom he came in contact in carrying out his sometimes painful duties. Up to within a recent period Mt. Worsley also fulfilled the duties of Clerk to the Newton Commissioners, and when that authority became the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council, Mr. Worsley was appointed law clerk.. A few weeks ago he appeared at the Warrington County Court on behalf of the Newton Council in an important tollage case, and gave notice of appeal against:the)judge's decision. For many years he was a partner in the firm of Messrs. Ridgway • and Worsley, solicitors, Cairo-street, but two years ago the partnership was dissolved, and Mr. WorsleY then practised alone,having offices in Horsemarket- street. Ile did not take a prominent part in public affairs, and to a great extent he lived retired life. He was, however, a prominent figure among local antiquarians, and succeeded the late Mr. William Beamont as an authority upon antiquarian subjects. He was one of the non- members of the Town Council appointed on the Museum, Library, Arts, and Technical Instruction Committee. He was a regular worshipper at St. Oswald's Church, Winwick, in connection with which he has discharged the duties of churchwar- den for many years. He took a great interest in all that concerned this historic church. He was 59 years of age, and leaves a widow and six cbildren--' two sons and four daughters. The funeral service takes place this (FridaY) Merning at Winwick Church at ten o'clock. REFERENCE AT NEWTON SESSIONS. Before the commencement of the ordinary busi- ness at the Newton Petty Sessions on TeursdaY • morning, the Chairman (Captain Withington) said that he wished to express on behalf of himself and his brother magistrates their feelings of loss sue- tained by the death of a solicitor on the previous day, who had practised most courteously in that court ;he referred to Mr. Worsley. He thought 50 intimation of their sorrow should be sent to de- ceased's relatives. Mr. J. W. Knowles, on behalf of the solicitors practising at the court, said that they deeply synr pathised with the family in the loss they had sus- tained. He was sure that they and the public of the district would feel very much grieved at the loss of Mr. Worsley such a comparatively young age.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by jourt WALIcSS-ey, Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works. Bel ago street, and published by them a the same placea,n„arge- at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-read, WIDNEs; street, ST. HELEgs, and 3, Market-street, BIRIatsTEO the County of Lancaster and also at High-street, BUNC in the County of ()beaten—SEPTEMBER 15, 1899,

===== 0002601_18990915_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL. FORSTER-STREET,' WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY, SEPTEMBER 17TH as follows:—Preacher, Mr. J. DALE of Knutsford. Worship ;10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. No collection. Books provided.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF TRH BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER'' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS EICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE A.ND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: !damn Street, Warrington

BOLD- STR EE T WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRING TON. TO-MORROW SUNDAY SEPTEMBER lOnzt. 10.30 REV. JOHN GUNNELL, 6.30 REV, H. G. ROBERTS, M.A., SUBJECT :—" THE THORN IN THE FLESH." All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

46111P/fEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 1-P DID-," " OH, YES ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWS, 3, LEECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

'ATARRINGTON NUS' CAL SOCIETY, SEASON 1899-1900. The REHEARSALS will be resumed on TUESDAY, NEXT SEPTEMBER 19th, in the TRINITY SCHOOLROOM. MUSEUM-STRERT, at 7-30 p.m., for Chorus and Orchestra together. Music GOUNOD'S "FAUST "copies of which may be Obtained from Mr. Pearson's Bold-street, price 3s each. A few chorus parts only on hire at 6d each at the practice room. The Conductor will attend at 7 p.m., to hear intending new rnembers. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. 2, Bold-street, September 9th, 1899. ----- WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. OPENING LECTURES. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18TH. "MODERN DIS- COVERIES ABOUT THE EAR MAGNETISM," by Mr. 3. R. ASHWORTH, M.Sc., F.P.S. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25TH, " JOSEPH PRIESTLEY." by Mr. F. G. RUDDOCK, F.I.C. LECTURE Room, Museum-street, at 8 o'clock. Admission Free.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. 1. BO COINS, WAR MEM LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER„ SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN-1. WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES. CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 25.; Gloria Silk for 35.; Satin de Chine for 3s. lid.; any size. A first-class tassel with each )(mover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. -27,MANcHE8TER-sT. ; branch. 9, Great George- street, Liverpool.

WARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB. TO-NIGHT, AT THE BATHS. LRGH-STREET, GRAND GALA AND INTERNATIONAL W,e..TER POLO MATCH: ENGLAND v. WALES. CHAIRMAN : COUNCILLOR WM. PIERPOINT, J.P. Doors open to Ticketholders at 6.45. Commence at 7.30. Admission: is,, and 2s. Reserved Chairs, 2s. 6d.

RUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. xi• T. RGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS tor Cure t Rupture ; registered ; emisulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Lou oon-road. Manchester.

ARLOW'S lIC POWDERS. Cure Pain in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgia, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Amami% &c. All Chemists is Ed and 23 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILIALEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

UNIVERSITY FX TENSION LECTURES. ENGLISH HISTORY. A Course of SIX LECTURES will be delivered in the CO- OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET, by F. E: SMITH, Esq , M.A., B C.L., Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, on "THE HISTORY OF THE ENGLISH PEOPLE IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENEURY," on ALTERNATE WEDNESDAYS, at 7-45, commencing OCTOBER 4TH. Tickets for the course, is ; Front Seats (Subscribers), 2s 6d; and Syllabus may be had at the Museum (Lending Library). CHARLES MADELEY. Secretary.

QPIAGNDID Assortment of New Season's PAT TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE and Co.. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent ear- riage paid.

SERG JACKETS 4s 6d ; Cord and Mole Trousers 6s 6d; Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth. 54 6d. HAGUE and Co.. LIMTTED, 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

BRADLEY PASS & CO., 68, HANOVER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 2 DOOES FROM BOLD-STREET. FRAME MAKERS. GILDERS, AND DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLOURS, OIL PAINTINGS, VERY CHEAP.

EVENING CLASSES. VIADUCT INSTITUTE, EARLESTOWN. SESSION 1899-1900. THE SESSION COMMENCES QN MONDAY NEXT THE 18TH INST. For full particulars as to the Classes to be held etc., sea Syllabus which may be obtained at the fol- lowing places, viz., EA.RLESTOWN : Messrs. H. BIRKEIEID, Post (Mee; T. CLARKE, Stationer Market-street; S. HARVEY, Printer, Bridge-street. NEWTON : Messrs. J. LIPTROTT, High-street; W. G. RIM- MEN, Stationer, High-street. WARGRAVE : Messrs. E. L. Bw.gr. Vulcan Foundry; T. GUT- TRIDGE, Grocer, Wargrave-road. THOMAS ORITAND, Secretary.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE SCHOOL OF ART. DRAWING, MODELLING, PAINTING, DRAPED LIFE, CLASS DESIGN, WOOD-CARVING. The DAY CLASSES will RE-OPEN on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 19Ta. For particulars and fees, see Syllabus (postage 1d). CHARLES MADELEY (Secretary).

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE -- EVENING CLASSES. SCHOOL OF ART. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. The Session will commence on MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 180. New Classes in Mathematics (Stage III), Theoretical Mechanics, Botany, Cookery (Adult class). For Time-table and Fees, see List of Clases, to be had at the Museum. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary. The Museum.

EPTED,IBEL IN THE ISLE OF MAN. BEAUTIFUL SCENERY AND INVIGORATING CLIMATE. The Island now weirs its moqt charming aspeA, and tourists will tad the facilities for Comfort, Amusement and Enjoyment much greater than during the crowded summer menthe. Guides, Cyclists' Maw, Hotel and Lodging Lists, Sallings etc., post free from W. A. KEIG, Official Board (under the Legislature), Douglas. Telegrams—Queenlike, Doaglas, Man. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (LANCASHIRE), LTD., CHEMISTS, DRUGGISTS, STATIONERS, ETC,, STATION STREET, DICTTINGHAM. The TRANSFER BOOKS will be CLOSED from the iBth to the 30th Septe,mber incluaive. for the purpose of preparing warrants for a FIRST QUARTERLY DIVIDEND at the rate of Six per cent, per annum on the Preference Shares,

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on recelut of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING GR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- V/. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

ST. ALBAN'S, BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL SERAIONS WILL BH PREAC!-lED ON SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 17Ta. By the HMV. DR. LA.RKIN, 0 S.B. MORNING SERMON AT 11. "THE WORK AND WANTS OF A CATLIOLIC MISSION." EVENING SERMON at 6-30. 'ANGLICAN ANXIETY VERSUS CATHOLIC CERTAINTY.' Double Tickets is. 6d. Single, Nave is, Aisles 6d.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES , FROM 6s. 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

WARRINGTON UNION.-SCHOOLMISTRESS WANTED.—The Guardians of the above Union will, at their meeting on SIiPTBMBBR 26th, proceed to the appointment ot a SCHOOLMISTRBSS for the Cottage Homes at Padgate. Salary, £3O per annum and such further sum; as may be. awarded by the certificate of the Local Government Board, with furnished apartments, rations, and washing. The salary and emoluments will be subject to deduction under tha Poor Law Superannuation Acts. —Appli- cations. stating age and qualifications, together with testi- monials, to be sent to the undersigned not later than SRPTEMBBE 251 H. J. C. SUTTON, Union Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington.

I N TENDI NG EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, SOS TON, PHILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND eLould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at e 110111•7 W AUER AND Co., El. IiDEL AIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

CBESBIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE OFFERS FOR COMPETITION TWELVE SCHOLARSHIPS available at the Agricultural School, Holmes Chapel,for eight weeks. These are open to persons of 17 yetrs of age and up- wards, and are of the value of £6. For particulars and forms of applintion, apply to the undersigned before September 25th. RICHARD P. W ARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtainel for it a most extensive and iacreasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be Careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper. and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & Box 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemist.

£4,000,000 HAVE NOW BEEN PAIL) IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE, BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE O. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. 3. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Kuutsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Widge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Mo@rfi eid House

UN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED ix 1898 EXCEEDS £430,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON......Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-et Messrs. Woods & SOD. Commercial Chambers. 55,Horsemarket- stree Messrs. Voieey and Worthington,2l King-street 'Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank Street. TIVE RP 0 OL TO BELFAST. -I-4 SHORT date TICKETS (one month) issued Saturdays. Return Saloon 10s. Return Steerage 45. ELS. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday, from West side St. George's Dock *SATURDAY, SEPT. 16th 10:30 p.m. TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th 930 p.m. THURSDAY SEPT. 21st 10 0 p.m. SATURDAY, SEPT 23rd 11 30 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. tAs soon after midnight as tide permits Single Saloon Bs. Return 12s 65. Single Steerage, 35 6d. Return 5s 6d. Send for new Edition "Peeps at Irish Scenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85, Bridge-street. Warrington to more suitable premises at Padgate-lane, FAIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the meet improved type of oven, ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 198.

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIBTIBS TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TO BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS, PEELS, RODS. SCAMS, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS, PIPES, EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINES' MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS, BUN PROVERS. ;PIPING TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM PRIMERS, /to,, ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOCK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. M. LO WE, 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hill.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY POST is. 3D. AND SD. EACH. j. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE No 700.

WE CAN'T BLOW A HORN, but we can raise the wind when it ,:omes to Gold and Silver WATUHES, JEWELLERY, and TABLE PLATE. OUR STOCK IS LIKE A STREAM— handreds take from it, yet it never diminishes. All we want is a chance, and we will give you bargains to astonish you. HOW CAN WE DO IT? Well, the explanation is brief—WE LEND MONET upon these valuable securities to private wearers, Jewe!lers. Watchmakers, and Silversmiths —every day doing an extensive business under conditions of STRICTEST PRIVACY and at FIXED LOW CHARGES. The u-NREDEIMED PROPERTY MUST BE CLEARED, and this week a portion or it is oiered. The impor- tance and good value must be seen to be appreciated. R. H. REED AND SON, PAWNBROKERS AND JEWELLERS, 101 MOUNT PLEASANT (Bottom end, close by the Adelphi Hotel). LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQITISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE -STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGS GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer: From LIVERPOOL. . From GLASGOW* Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side Sat. Sept. 16th 8 p.m. Tues. Sept. 19th 2 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 21st 11 p.m. hat. Sept. 23rd 2 pm. Tues. Sept. 26th 3 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 28th 2 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock at 6-30 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Single, 108.; Return, valid for Two Months. 15s ; Steerage, Single, ss, SPACIAL RBTURN TICKRTS. valid for 10 days only, are Issued at 12s 6d Cabin; 7s 6d Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DECK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER Is THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E. M. AsHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. Lawmcsa), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTTED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND. 1899.

v. 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENtiLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, c,appel, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASEi, well finished and especially adapted to fit tat in the pooket. "FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is time I to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUR 1' OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZ 33 with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained mtly from EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU , BASS'S MILD 13D BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND IaTTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITT:IRS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Caavas, Stack-corners Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, 41.4;., &a. TENTS and. MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ac., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICS-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO FISH CURERS AND FISH MERCHANTS. Wbri. McLACHLAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING MERCHANTS, 120, BRIDEGATE, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LOOHPYNE FRESH and ;SPRINKLED HERRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest Market Prices. Cash with orders. Telegram address: Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone No. 1185.

W. P. FRANCIS AND CO, STOCK AND SHAPE BROKERS, BROAD STREET HOUSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATEERS FREE OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fit, TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each put, chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCIC AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON ROAD. IS NOW SHOWING ABSOLt-T'ELY THE BEST AND MOST LADY-LIKE MILEY LIVER- POOL. ALL GOODS NOW AT END OP THE SEASON PRIOR

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUD.NO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR & MENAI BRIDGE DAILY MILIEUS (including Sundays). THE SPLENDID PADDLE STEAMER "ST. TUDNO." Will leave the Prince's Landing Stage Daily (including Sun- days), at 10-45 a.m.. due back in Liverpool at 6-45 p.m. EXTRA SUNDAY SAILING by steamer " Snowdon," at 11-30 a.m. for Llandudno only, at Half-Day Fares. AFTERNOON EXCURSIONS by "St. Eivies," at 2-15 p.m. on Saturday. 9th September, and at 1-30 p m..l6th, 23rd, and 33th September; connecting with the" St. 'lludno," at Llandudno; due back at 6-45 p.m. For all turther particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP Co., LTD., T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Tel. No 6,366, T IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling .1.. d at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting do, • OWL AND BEAR Or other ateamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). SEPTEMBER. I FROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Tuesday 19th 9 p.m. Saturday 16th 2pm. 6 30 p.m.* Saturday 23rd 1 p.m. Thursday 21st 2 p.m. 633 p.m,* Thursday 28th 6 p.m. Tuesday 26th 2 p.m. 630 p.m.* t From Clarence Dock, South-West Side * By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 101.; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage, (single) 5s ' • SPECIAL FARES: —Cabin return (available for ten days), 12s 6d. Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 63. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return 'tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's. Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVER & CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

VVrILLIAM I_, INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, - GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, Quoits. and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, - at. PUBLICS. Skittles, &c. Estimates given. 38, SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHEDNEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Best and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winifride's Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostya (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 m:nutes, giving passengers, two to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. *Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL From MOSTYN Sat. 9th Sept. 10 0 a.m. Sat. 9th Sept. 245 p.m. Mon. 11th Sept. 10 0 a.m. Moo. 11th Sept. 4 0 p.m. Tues. 12th Sept. 11 0a m, Tues. 12th Sept. 430 p.m. Wed. 13th Sept. 12 noon Wed. 13th Sept. 5 0 p.m. Tha. 14th Sept. 1 30 p.m. Thu. 14th Sept. 6 0 p.mt Fri. 15th Sept. 3 0 p.m. Fri. 15th Sept. 715 p.m. Sat. 16th Sept, 315 p.m. bat. 16t1s Sept. 730 p.m' Single Fare (Deck), Is. 6d. ; (Bridge), 21. 6d. Return Fare (Deck), 2s. ; Bridge, 3a. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue on y. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. •Offi3CS 27, WATER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone. 2334

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. 8 8. BAVARIAN for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 21st 8.8. CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 28th CORNAN, for St. John's N.F.. and Halifax Sept. 30th 8.8. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal. Oct. sth S.S. SIBRRIAN for St. John's N.Y., and Halifit'x Oct. 10th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, bteerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BBOTITERS & CO., 19, James- St., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34. Bridge-st., Warringto

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) r BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First class and Saloon 23s 6cl Trains run Third class and Saloon 153 Od alongside Third class and Fore Cabin.ll9 Od steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for gcing via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon 195 Od Third-class and Salo AI 13a 6el Tlaird-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstoue (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. JAMES LITTLE S: CO.. Barrow. 1, WHITE STAR LINE •, , J., ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Q leenstown. TEUTONIC Wed. 5ept....20 GERMANIC Wed., 5ept...27 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tel Ismer, IxtRIE, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadonbal str.et. London E.C.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES ,CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S, 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDERELLAS : SIX BOX'a FOR 18s. 6d. AT W. SHA W'S9 (WHOLESALE DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS', COPES', HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. SOLE ADDRESS: TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

UNDER DEED OF ARRANGEMENT, ALFRED WOODS (W. WOODS & BON), 14. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, OFFERS THE WHOLE OF HIS VALUABLE STOCK OF GOLD. SILVER, AND METAL WATCHES. SOLID SILVER PLATE. FINEST QUALITY ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS. SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, &c, &c. CUTLERY, KNIVES, 'TABLE AND DESSERT CARVERS, IN AND OUT OF CASES CLOCKS AND BRONZES. GOLD GEM SET AND SILVER JEWELLERY IN RINGS, BROOCHES STUDS, NECKLETS. ALL AT A REDUCTION OF 40 TO 50 PER CENT. SEE WINDOWS FOR SPECIAL PRICES.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOI:OGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

• EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. Y ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER) ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. Ao., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL ALL ABOUT TO FURNISH SHOULD VISIT THIS POPULAR ESTABLISHMENT. INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK AND NOTE THE REMARK ABLY LOW PRICES FOR CASH ONLY. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40/- DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE.

TIM O'SI.I.ANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY I'INISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST _.'REE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show Rooms 359 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. ELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WIRIUNGToN : MR. A. STANWAY, 37, BIJTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, IRONMONGERS.

G_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE -- The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesa:e by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

UMBRELIAS ! UMBRELLAS I ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN RALF AN HOUR FROM 38.61). T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

rOUND THE BIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING -U TACKLE.-ICO Worms in Bag and Moss, sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to Is 64 per dozen; gut Casts,tbree yards,2ld, 4d, 6d, and 9d each ; aut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for id; porcupines, id eacti; gentles in stuck at aci, 6d, and Is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoope).

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, VIGARETTE S, ONUFFS EXORS, OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Tears.

FREE. OUR CATALOGUE OF MAZEPPA CYCLES Large stock of new and secondhand Machines. EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LISIS. MAZEPPA CYCLE CO., Scotland Road, Liverpool.

Stylish in Design, Made and Finished to Perfection in Two very Durable and Good Looking ' Cloths, and supplied at a lower price than would be charged by an ordinary Dressmaker for the mere making-up. Praised by thousands of Well-pleased Customers. THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. ditchit HALF-GUINEA , --„ COSTUMES FELT are unquestionablytheßest -4.1..,..,.... Fpitri 0 'AO) HAT Value ever offered in the %., .0 -.ea_ _ Costume World. Promptly ,"710. .....:: sktreb Sent by Parcel Post (safely ••`' / 4/11. packed) Direct from The --.--.1 -,....,-.. as --77,-.1:-L._) sketch, I 6 ...aocar 4(1. Originators and Actual "A -t. - 2/6. , z• - . extra. Car. 4cl. Manufacturers, Brook St. 4.1 Mills, Manchester. extra. 45, • it*c''' \ Ics'li \I '', .--'i••::-,„ _ , • A o, , PATINETRNS i, posT FREE .. , \\, vy ,z;,, of the Tire. Famous Fabrics in which the 71 1/ ,• It Costumes are made. -. ••• 1 / / 1 ..,0 I.—The RENOWNED JOHN NOBLE CM- \ • 'V . fl .0 hT, i eS‘Ea rd Eth a) t hs et opuot p utle ar to Torii Le ;At 0 A a • ' ,fi. • t, ; .(, ~, , CO.STUME COATING. a cloth of lighter , 40 , weight and smoother surface. Sie \ raj OVER TWO IVILLINI YARDS are sold tik -- -. ri*a*.' tc ~, Annually.a striking-proof of popularity. " -*ll is';'.l% l \. 1i,.24,_A FULLPRESS.LENG_TIi_OI _either cloth ,;,...,..,,,,,p ;53.1.,.. .an 0 yas.,oz ins. wide), for 7/6.carriage,Bd. ;I:iii•?:... i +.• .6/ .4' "1, , 4;010 Any iength cut at 1/3 per yard. ;',..,,::k '- / / • .4•::•:;•i; _ MOURNING ORDERS sent C.I.;:::::, o.' i \ t..W '. '''',:**/;,'" ~ ..liiii::. ‘/,c 1 ........., •'k, N, off in 12 hours. ~ ••:•: ..',/ ~ I ' .: ~i i!: , • ~..::,, .. Yi ..4'' , ';'..e?,://' ', \ •••• ' THE WINTER CATALOGUE / - V\ \ t'';;' (84 withillustrations)i'fr :••• .',. A. ,II \ ~„.„,..„, pp ,wi of Costumes: , / /,./ , ,\ \;'/:,.....g gleasTnirireect.olasnnyoownerewlii.wngigrwii I. ' Pr I / .:".,k// .... . .4,.\‘',' /i Well-knitted hWooL ~#,-;_. /:• t / ~,./ t‘ A /.: CAP. as f_i•ir.Z;, /'-I / ''',.//.1 • , \ / • i,3 ' .'-, '/ / \.. o THE JOH* NOBLE rile' , ,' \\, th / .‘ ;, , KNOCKABOUT FROCKS ' limv .... , , .. • ‘, ing for a ,-- h i , , " .., • growing girls. Pro- ,! , , • . ' / \ " anced in the JOHN \* l'; ,' ; • o NOBLISIIEVIOTS_ER.OE ~, ' `•', I - Model 1352. ~ COnsists of Cogtunle Skirt and Sty_ toblilieSnTßUtMhl Ffortini I Ntollp, i .A\., slk, Model 1323. fr Doh Bodice. 'The frills extend over of neckband to edge of liii'.,l ‘ Consists of Costume Skirt. with '. shoulder and down to waist in front. Airt in front) and pleats,. h and t a doubletailor-cut.. "' • and are with box-pleat and collar, prices are : trimmed a Ilarrow fancy braid. The 21 24 27 30 33 effect is charming Price 10;6. Carriage, 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 ifii /\\\\ .\ \ hwn reeewl .1 ',' back. May be had with sacgue back si-tne made er and tight -fitting d c fronts, 6d. extra. Skirt alone. 56. Car. 5d ex. 36 39 42 45 6/- PG _ 't.' if desired at the same price, 10/6. ... Carriage, 6d, extra. Skirt alone, 5/6. ity andi Postage, 4d. extra --- _ I,•_ _ • Carriage, sd. extra. each size. , is ordering, and send direct to— BROOK EET MILLS, M TER. .753.,1,t,qP4-,T...t-N57,-.KNEit. -• 4-- . - - •

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHA-W-STREE l', LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Share 3, Sm.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable Os. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6d. 2100 „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

A BICYCLE FOR 2S. GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-OPERATIVE COUPON SYSJ EH. Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, also stamped directed envelope for full particulars and rules of our new system whereby you can obt.iin a High Grade Lady or Gent's Bicycle for the ridiculous sum of 2s. No catchpenny but a genuine business transaction. THE SYREN CYCLE Co., 101, SMITHDOWN-ROAD, LivRRPOOL.

OUR CI!AINLESS SAFETY Li' THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE SEND FOR lEZUSTRA.TED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. IN6PEUTION INVITE D. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, brt. purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., TD.. 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOICODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. OHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to ho the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered.' CHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Damp Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentary. CTALORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. (-111LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne 'nom practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces, a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; thht it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that •he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAtmos.—Vioe-Chaucellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLus BROWNE Was, anioubtedly, the inventor of " CH LORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FIir,EMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 1,, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is- genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medica 'testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great ussell- street. Bloomsbury. Lonlon S ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. 6D. AND "10S. 6D. 48, LORD-STREET, Li VERPOOL.

GREAT CLEARANCE CYCLE SALE. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EP;IITH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES TO Suit ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES. Call and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. Agents for OSMOND, SINGER, RALRIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS, ASCOT. SANSPAREIL, CLEVBLANDS, GROSVENORS. RAMBLERS, ',HANDERS, CAMPIONS, awl HANDLE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BEING OFFERED. HARDIE, 16, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THE BELFAST HOUSE. OHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DI EG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, MEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRBNS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANITAETCRERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST, 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILTE FACTORY. BALLYMERE.

UYCLE AGENTS. Our llustrated Trade Catalogue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittings Caps, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCPI CYCLE. Note—" Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come t the Fountain Head, WELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE Co. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKB-STREHT. 7,009 City Depot, 17, MANCHESTEE-STREET. Repair and CycleaWorks. ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL

'W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL • (Opposite Central Station).

Z.. U (/ rz, A e LA 7 167/ /j) A 1: cz) U "41 '14211 r•,crA,c)7,l iii twin Te.

7' I llot A i, ' 1 A '' - IY, , 1,4, 1-, , A , , -•, 0 /I ~,, A• , , 11, 6 I v_'•:., 41'. '''' \ m

WHY "SARAH GRA.ND'S " PEN-NAME WAS CHOSEN. ---- " Cassell's. Saturday Journal" asks, " Why do so many authors affect pseudonyms, as if they were fear- ful of identifying themselves with tneir own work? And whence come these familiar noms de querre ? With a view of throwing some light on this interesting subject, we recently put ourselves into communication with a few well-known writers who are known to fame by names other than their own. Ot th 3 ladies two questions were asked—(l)—how they were led to adopt their re- spective pseudonyms; and (2) whe:her there is any ad- vantage in a lady using a mascohne appellation at the commencement of her career. Scribes of the opposite sex were Elimply interrogated as to the origin of their pea-names. "A11&11 GRAND," whose real name is Mrs. M'Fall, observes : "'Sarah Grand' is not a noru de querre, but a change of name. My husband was 11,i:. in sympathy with my views on social subjects and naturally objecAsd to have his name attached to them, and ac there was no other way to save him tue annoyance I took the name of Sarah Grand,' and since then I hava usr:d no other. My choice of the name i:self when it occurred to me was decided by its plainness. " I do not think that a masculine pseudonym is any help to women nowadays. When George Elliot and George Sand wrath it was necessary because of the scant courtesy with which women were treated. Now it is sometimes assumed that a woman may have intellect until sbe proves she has none. Besides, there is no escaping publicity now." It will be remembered by many Warrington people that the late Dr. M'Fall lived in Folly-lane. Warrington, for some years.

c3wpartmento, & eurnisbeb INUSES. DARE. MORECAMBE —Public and Private APART- -11J MENTS ; sea view.-13; Park-street. ORECIAMBE, W.E. —Miss SHARPLES, 105, [Chatsworth- ill. road. Apartments ; piano; bath.

TOLAC H KPOOL.—Mrs. LEA, 95 Albert-road, 3min. from B Central Station and sea ; public or private; pianos. y THAM.—APARTMENTS, view of beach; board is re- quired. Special terms for September.—R.. 5, BATH- STREET, Lytham.

OLO COLWYN.—Apartments to LBT, bedroom and sitting room, at reasonable terms.—Apply to Mrs. F. JONES, Z, Rosehill.

lOpLACKPOOL.—Apartments, Is. per day, and night each II person; near sea and tram,—FINDLAY, 11, Chesterfield- road, near Shore.

MORECAMBE. -Mrs. FLETCHER, Accrington House, 18, Salisbury-street, West End; public and private Apart- ments ; bath, piano. BLACKPOOL.—Mus. WORTHINGTON, 107, Lytham-road, Apartments; is' per day each person, Trams pass door, near sea. Piano.

BLACKPOOL, Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey louse, 85. Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington).

P HYL. North WaIes.—APARTMENTS; all modern eon- It veniences ; piano ; stabling if required; terms moderate. —Mrs. EveNs, 2, Brighton-road.

MORBCAMBlL—Comfortable APARTMNNTS near L N-W station ; with or without board.—Miss ELLER- SHAW, 44. Kensington-road.

rIOLWYN BAY.—APARTIMINTS, reduced terms for Septembpr. First Louse from statim and beach, Apply ROSE COTTAGE, Sea View.

TlO HYL—Well-furnished apartments ajoining church ; near Ito sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own grounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHEPHERD, cilanmorfa.

I AKE DISTRICT APARTMENTS. Large sitting and bed- -1.41 rooms well furnished ; open view; every convenience ; good cooking; terms moderate. Special terms for winter months.—Apply Mrs. bRUNSKILL, Exeter House, 44, Bleneathra-street, Keswick.

ILFRACOMBE—THE GRANVILLE. First class BOARD- " ING-HOUSE Close to Sea.—Comfort. sociability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis.—W. IL FOSTER

T LANDUDNO.—MANSELL'S BOARDING ESTABLISH- -1J MBNT, lovely situation in best part of Abbey-road, superior accommodation every comfort, moderate terms. ISLE OF MAN, CHALMER'S York House. Castle Terrace Central Promenade, Douglas, Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board 5, 6d. and 6s. 6d. per day ;no extras.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. BOSTON SWAMI. HONE COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL BOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOOOCK, Proprietor.

HOLIDAYS.—Most Charming RESIDBNOB near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled, Re-furnished, Omnibus. Special terms from 22 ICs. per week.—BDWARD CESAR'. Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

Vublfc llottsts,otct, etc. ESSES. IL SMYTHE & CO., Brewery Agents and 1/11 Valuers (established 1874), have to Let very compact Free PUBLIC HOUSE. close to Exchange Station; incoming £l5O ; long lease; low rent.—Apply 2, and 3, VERN ;Pl- casassEss, Vernon-street, Dale-st., Liverpool. TT SMYTHE & CO. have to Let most excellent Free 1.1. Corner PUBLIC HOUSE, handsomely fitted, taking £5O weekly ; long lease; lox rental ; owner retiring.—Order to view and particulars apply (princip is only). IT SMYTHE & CO. have for Sale, out Liverpool, Free- -11. bold Roadside Inn, with Land, Stabling; large orchard &c, attached; price, with possession, £2,030 ; not changed hands for 40 years. Principals only. TT SMYTHE & Co. have to Let Roadside PUBLIC 11. HOUSE, taking £4O weekly. Suburban Public House, selling nine barrels weekly ; price £750 ; half ad- vanced.—Order to view, apply as a`aove. lISMYTHE &CO. have to Sell, Ten Freehold PUBLIC . HOUSES in the city and suburbs.lall with possession, together or sepn-ately. Public House, Chester, doing good trade ; price £2so.—As above. HSMYTHE & CO. have to Let, HOTEL and Tap, . SMYTHEcentral ; incoming £650 ; lease 13 3 ears ; low rental ; entirely free; large trade ; genuine reasons for sale.—Apply VENDORS' AGENTS, RS above. TT SMYTHE & CO. have to Let, Free Hotel TAP; in- -11. coming £225. Free Hotel and Tap; incoming 255) ; rent £4O. Free Hotel and Tap ; £soo,—Order to view and particulars as above. LI SMYTHE & CO. have to Let, capital HOTEL, North . Wales ; price. including horses, traps, furniture, and all plant, £7OOO ; hall.can remain if required.—Princi pals fly apply. JJSMYTHE & CO. have to Let, Free Corner PUBLIC- . HOUSE, north end; average takings £25 weekly, chiefly indoor ; long lease ; low rent ; incoming £603. City Bar ; incoming £2oo..—Apply as above. JJ paictcal HOTEL and ; ainnd. TallpYTotifitßLiteCrpUla• vlaergthe st'aelf.inega coming by valuation. Freehold Beerhouse, suburbs ; price £4so.—Apply Vernon-chambers, Dale-street, Liverpool. la SMYTHE & CO. have to Let capital Corner VAULTS, 11. taking £25 weekly: cash deposit only. Compact Corner Vaults ; incoming £100; bargain.—Apply 2 and 3. Vernon-chambers, Vernon-street. Dale-street, Liverpool.

balto bp prtbate gLreatp.

G-• H. M• JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, pARLOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Gents and Lady's Paymente taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well £6 6 made. Our Price S. D.

HANDSOME SIDEBOAItD, very Payments taken. massive, with plate glass back and shelves; six large drawers. 27 15 S. Very cheap.

P/MOUE SUITE, comprising Payments taken. Lady's and Gent's Easy Chair and four small chairs and couch in red plush, hard wood frames. Very E 6 10 s cheap.

LARGB Stock of Kitchen Tables, Payments taken. Chairs, Fenders, Fire Irons, Hearth Rugs, Pictures, Vases, Bce. Very cheap.

HANDSOME pair of Bedroom Payments taken. TABLES, with bevelled plate glass back and marble slab, in solid £6 6s. ash. Very cheap.

A LARGE stock of OVER- Payments taken. XL MANTLES. bevelled plate, with shelves, from 17s 6d to 70s. Wool beds from 7s 6d to 21s.

ARGE Stock of Men's. Youths'. _LI and Boys' Clothing. Mena' Coats from 2s 64 ; Men's Trousers from Is lid ; Men's Vests from Is 3s ; Youths' Coat from 2s; Youths' Trousers from is 6d; Youths' Veits from 9d. Men's and youths' Cord Trousers from 3s lid.

Et HEAT Dane PUPPIES, well bred ; price £3 each.—Apply CHARLESWORTH, Park-street ill Mews, Greenbeys, Manchester.

I.4IAST PONY. 4 years old, brass harness, trap (carry four) ; 1 £l4, together or separate.-18, TURKEY-LANE, Queen's Park, Manchester.

ELOOD Black PONY, 13i hands, quick and sound, 210. k,A 9, GLENFIELD-STREET, 0111-street, Moston-lane, Bar- purhey, Manchester.

UISM DEALERS and Friers, try HARRY ALLEN, Fish Mer- .r chant, Grimsby, for Best Quality Fish at the Lowest Possible Market Prices. MARVELLOUS 6s. PARCEL, cantaining Chemise Knickers, Nightdress, 2 pairs Si;ockings. Send P.O. at once. MELLOR. Moss-lane, West dtanzhester.

T" " Sa'vitas "for liver disorders. flatulency, and consti• ration, Is per box, post free. from J. C. MORAY AND Co., 104Featherstone-buildiags. High Holborn. W.C. IVE FlSH.—Sample Basses, containing Tlbs. assorted, 14 ready dressed for cooking, sent on receipt of P.O. for Is. 6d.—PERSEVERANCE FISHING CO Grimsby Docks. tiLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGRS.—Why pay .U 4 three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—bMlTH t Soils, 37, Breck- road, Liverptol.

CANARIES, lovely, young, 1899; Rich Yellow and Variegated Norwich Cocks; now in song ;3s 6d each, two for 6s ; cirefully packed.—HAnais, Strawberry House, Acton, London.

V‘THEN SPINDLES work loose in Swing Looking-Glasses use Oldfield's patent adjuster (polished brass) can be affixed by any Lady ; obtainable from principle Ironmongers sample post free 6d. from patentee.—JOSEPH OLDFIELD, St. Werburgh Mount, Chester.

filo BR SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Imitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Addrees J. HosimG, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool. IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICH THIS. I have a I Qua rtity of Good GOVEUNMIiNT GOODS, kassed out ot Se:vice for other patterns, a. d. Light Wr tr.:proof Sheets. 6ft. by 31t. Light We ~.. if 5ht.....a, 61t. 5y 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Wa'..erpreof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Hordes' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Una. 41b weight, 71 t, by 6ft 2 6 Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 461 n. by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 461 n. by 42in 2 0 Ve-y Strong Lesther Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 HorJes' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 ' Driv:ng Reins, quite r ew, Stout Lee her, 251 t. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bel Sheets, lift, by 6ft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size SureinAes with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, Is. per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J. Cilasors, Government Contractor, Rye.

_ al be Let. PRNKETH.—Cottages 44.0 d., 3s. Bd. and 2s. Bd. per we e DALLAId-LANlL—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, ren 210. MILL-,TREET.—Sereral Suites offices. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent Bs. 6d. 1 BRICK:STREET, rent 31. 17 GER STR BT. rent ss. 33, BRIDGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse Ao.. principal position i town, rent moderate. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rinsfton. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.- 61,PRIFATLEY-trrREET,WARRINGTON,gOOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. K. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

910 LET, COTTAGICS off LOVNLY-LANE rents 4s. Apply WOODS & Sox, solicitors. liorsemarket-st., Warring- ton.

ro LEr.—LAlml EOO7, Grford-street ; rent £2O 1 Apply Woous & Sox, Soliaitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. DREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1 Apply WOODS It Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. rr 0 LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orion.i-st., 1 rent 213.—Apply WOODS a Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

CIHESHIBIC (Heswall).—Glenburn, Oldfield-road,detached. V Five bedrooms, two entertaining; healthy, convenient house, sanitary drained; scenery grand; reliable tenants ; terms moderate.-8, LADYBARN-CRESENT, Withington, Man- chester.

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER ' OFFICE, 335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, &c., &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, d a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

LADIES! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-I3ROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complahts. has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is; he only positive, safe, certain, and speedy sue known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every 3ase. send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- are and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, 0, Bradgate- road. °afford. London S.B.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ROUJih'6flllthàL4.bllllsl-LUCATIOA HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectua HOOPING COUGH cure without interna medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUG II 4s. per bottl e. Sole Vct holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HER EMBROCATION.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 202 LONDON—ROAD,s LIVERPOOL. Tel. No. 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 pm. (Saturdays) 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE & HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW. consisting of GENUINE SECOND- HAND ARTICL aS. consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very heat quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing and repute, and now offered for sale at MOST MODERATE PRICES- WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and inswet our Stock, even if you do not happen to intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pestered to buy, as in other places ; but people of commonse..se will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS.—NET CASH ON OR BEFORE DELIVERY. If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free ot charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable deposit. RESIDUE OF A BANKRUPT STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS PIANOS By Leading Makers* 80- Berlin (gold UPRIGHTRs dmedal ini CONCERTprize model), GRAND, absy M new,itt a g for half maker's price an unmistakably superior instrument, with mechanism of the most highly-improved description, producing tones of the finest possible quality ; the case is of rich burr walnut, set off by plain mouldings, and is of very fine appearance, being much above the usual height. We can recommend this to musicians as being an instrument meriting the highest appreciation. Price 40 guineas. No. 5824. GENUINR BROADWOOD PI kNO, in perfect order; triehord, and enclosed in rosewood case, with gold Incised panel front. Cost 60 guineas; price now £l7 10s. TT PRIGH GRAND PIANO of superb tone and perfect t..) touch, overstrung, with under damper and all modern Improvements, enclosed in costly inlaid rosewood case. Catalogued price 68 guineas ; now offered for 35 guineas. SUPBRIOR COTTAGE PIANO by Strauss, check action, full triciaord and iron frame, enclosed in burr w ,lnut case, with Fnarqueterie panel front. List price 36 guineas ; our price £l7 10s. No. 5862. Also several other very good Instruments at equally low prices, DIINNG-ROOM CHAIRS.—Set of Eight (with padded backs) and two Easy Chairs, solid walnut frames, beautifully carved and of handsome design, the upholstered portions hair stuffed and covered in selected moroccos ; per- fect condition. Price £l6 10s, the set ; cost £3O a few months ago. Removed from Marine Promenade, Egremont No. 5825. DINING-ROOM CHAIRS.—Set of Right Solid Dark Brown Oak Chairs, with spindle-rail backs, upholstered In real skins. Price £5 lOs. the set ; coat 25s- each. No. 5929. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with advanced centre, the e..P back inset with large oval and small square mirror panels, superior make. £3 2s. 6d. ; cost £l7 10s. No. 5558 Hartley's, 202, London-road. 4FT. WALNUT BOOKCASE, fitted with drawers, cup- boards, and removable shelves, enclosed by plate-glass doors. £5 17s 6d. No, 5122.—Hartley's, London-road. nOMBINBD BOOKCASE AND SECRETAIRE in solid brown oak, of massive construction. £8 1.:;$ ; cost £l6 10s. No. 5557.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. COMBINED SIDEBOARD AND BOOKCASE, the base containing fully-fitted secretaire, and having carved panels and bevelled mirror at the back ; the surmounting book case rais-d on pillars, forming altogether a hand- some and very useful piece of furniture. Only £9 10s ; cost £2O. No. 5123.—Hartley's, 232, London-road. HaTwalAnNutD wglbßraßsEs UMBRELLA STAND,fittings, itrlarge bevelled large size, solid au tile panels. £2 10s. No. 4463.—Hartley's, London-road. QMALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, neatly designed, 1.:1 and of exceptionally good finish. £4 10s. No. 5281. r„ FT. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design c./ and best finish. RS ; cost £l4. No. 5283, bit. Wal- ant Sideboard £7.—Hartley's. 202, London-road. a FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front and mirror CP panelled canopy back. Only £l2; cost £25. No. 5918. —Hartley's, 202, Londonroad. 6rr. BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD of high-class workman- ship and design, finely carved and having lofty and imposing mirror back. £l7 lOs ; cost £35. No. 4831. Hartley's, 202, London-road. VERY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely V finished brown oak frames of artistic design,upholstered dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll 15 ; cost £2l 10s. No. 3947.—Hartley's. EXCELLENT WALNUT SUITE, with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush, £8 10s. Walnut uite, with padded backs, in crimson push. £6 10s. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, of admirable work- manship and design. upholtered in real skins. £ll 7s 6d. No. 49J9.—Hartley's, 202 London-road. QADDLEBAG SUITES.—A large variety of these par- k./ ticularly serviceable Suites, all in good condition and of fashionable designs. £5 15s, 6 guineas, £6 12s 6d, £7 12s 6d, £B, £9 10s. £l2 10s, these being in,all cases from 35 to 50 per cent less than original prices. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE of the very best class, upholstered in deep crimson plush. £l5 ; ceat £26 lOs (purchased from a West of England firm). No, 5046.—Hartley's, 22, London-road. WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, settee, two easy two occasional, and four single chairs, with elegantlyoesigned frames, upholstered in rich crimson figured plush. Price £l3 10s. No, 6808. f OUIS XV. DRAWING ROOM SUITE, nine pieces, with Li finely-carved mahogany frames, upholstered in very choice silk brocatelle. Price 16 guineas ; cost 33. No. 5799. 'VERY COSTLY DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with solid V mahogany frames, finely carved and of most artistic design ; hair stuffed and covered in silk tapestry. This suite was purchased from one of the leading London furnishers less than three menths ago for 45 guineas. Price now 25 guineas. No. 5816.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. vvALB tNr uUeTt oDn RaAnW4 loDiT 112 tOnOt RA nl3 I Nti Et je withaol fourin cdoins- play cupboards and open recesses. Price £lO. No. 5532. Hartley's, 202, London-road. urrdoowrasinaunr,d HAMS3E an dCH havingl F 1 N "R mirror-panelled iE R mirror back. Only £6 12.; cost £l2 lOs recently. No. 5361. Hartley's, 202, London-road. IRAWING-ROOM CABINET. Louis XVI style, in dark .11. l mahogany, of best style and finish. £l5; cost 30 guineas. No. 5154.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, latest style. £6 15s. No 5364.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. NN7 ALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most approved stye, upholstered in rich Genoa velvet; only £6 2s 6d; No. 5469, Another excellent Suite, in green velvet, £6; No. 5468.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. CIARPETS.—SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY.—Bankrupt Stock V of Carpets, just purchased from the trustees at an ex tremely low figure, enabling us to offer unequalled value in all kinds of carpets and ruo, velvet pile, Axminster. Wilton, Brussels, tapestry, &z., made up into bordered squares of various dimensions ; grand range of patterns. Also a large number of Hearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting,— Hartley's. 202. London-road. BEDROOM SUITES.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- CLASS SUITES, including : DARK WALNUT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s, No. 5275. MAHOGANY SUITE, every bit solid throughout. £8 12s 6d. No. 5505. SOLID WALNUT SUITE, £3 10s. No, 5504. DARK WALNUT SUITE, handsomely carved. £lO 10s. Not 5488. DARK WALNUT SUITE, solid throughout and of most attractive design £l3 les. No. 5490. BROWN OAK SUITE, very substantial. £ll 10s. No 4417 HIGH-CLASS SUITE in Satinwood. £l4 10s. No. 6990. QPLENDID BEDROOM SUITE of stylish appearance and 1,1 good finish, in solid satin walnut, comprising large double wardrobe, heavily served. and having two plate-glass doors ; dressing table with side wings, marble wash-stand with swing glass at back, and usual smaller items, This splendid suite only £l4. No. 5609.—Hartley's. VIRST-CLASS WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE of grand _V design, cornpri.ing breakfast trio wardrobe, richly carved and having two full-sized robing mirrors; very hand- some dressing table with large swing glass in centre and full- length side swing mirrors ; washstand with high back,having three large mirrors inset; pedestal, three chairs, and towel rail. Price £34. No. 5530. MAGNIFILIN arTlTNELOArDingwassokt FURNl- (Removed from Ainedale). The cabinet of imposing appearance. Oft in height and sfl wide, £25 ; cost £45 settee with high back.two arm and four single chairs, frames of very handsome design, hair stuffed, and covered in choice embossed velvet ; price £25 ' • cost £45. China cabinet to match, £5 10s ; evermantel £l2 10s, occa- sional table £3 10s, another £3. A rare opportunity for pur- chasing a complete suite of the best class of furniture at half-price. Consignment No. 5584. Also the fNLAID ROSEWOOD BEDROOM SUITE of most magni- I_ Scent style and character, consisting of 6ft breakfront trio wardrobe, sft pedestal dressing table with cheval glass in centre and full-length side wings. washstand to correspond, bedside pedestal towel rail, and three chairs upholstered in silk. Price £5O; cost 90 guineas. No. 5529,—Hartley's, 202, London-road. TO SELLERS.—WE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) • or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (if required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently exemted• Estimates fre Correslooadence Invited. HARTLEY'S, 202, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

goittesi DV glittfilit.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD AND LEASEHOLD PROPERTY. situate at WARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, by Messrs. THOMAS SUTTON & SONS, At the Blue Bell Inn. Horseman, et-street, Warrington. on WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 20th day of SEPTEMBER, 1899. at 5 for 6 o'clock in the evening, subject to the con- ditions of sale to be then and there produced, and in the following or such other lots as may be determined at the time of sale LOT I.—All those Two Freehold COTTAGES, situate rand being numbers 49 and 51, in Brick-street, and now in the respective occupations of Messrs. Harrison and Maloney as tenants thereof. Gross annual rental, £2O 16s. The property is well tenantrd, and affords a desirable investment. LOT 2, —All those Two Leasehold Cottages or DWELLING- HOUSES, situate and being numbers 41 and 43, in King- street. and now in the respective cercupations of Messrs. Howard and Bur Lon as tenants thereof. Gross annual rental, £26. The property is held for a term of 999 years from the First day of November. 1871, and is sul ject to a yearly ground rent of £1 10s. 6d. The property lets well, and would be a good invest- ment. LOT 3.—A1l those Seven Leasehold Cottages or DWEL- LING-HOUSES, situate and being numbers 2 to 14, even numbers, in Bissell-street, and now in the respective occupa- tions of Messrs. Kirby, Head, Llewellyn. and others as ten- ants thereof. Gross annual rental, £lO 17e. The property is he;d for a term of 985 years, from the 25th day of March, 1888, and is subject to a yearly ground rent of ES 15s. 7d. The property is well built, and affords a good investment. LOT 4.—A1l those Three Leaseholl DWELLING-HOUSES, , with the Stable and Shippon. situate and being numbers 160, 162, and 164, in Winwick-road, and now in the respective occupations of Messrs. Ward, Henshall, and another as ten- ants thereof. Gross annual rental £45 10s. The propet ty is held for a term of 999 years from the 29th day of September, 1869, and is subject to the yearly rent of £ll. The property affords a desirable investment. LOT 5.—A1l those Five Leasehold Cottages or DWELLING- HOUSES, situate and being numbers 150 and 158 (even numbers), in Winwick-street, and now in the respective occupations of Messrs. Bretherton, Caldwell, Clayton, and others as tenants thereof. Gross annual rental £65 13s. The property is held for a term 0f.999 years from the 11th day of January, 1843, and is subject to a yearly rent of 24 Is 2d. The property affords a desirable investment. LOT 6.—A1l those Five Leasehold COTIAGES (one being used as a shop), situate and being numbers 22, 24, 26,28, and 30, in School-brow, and now in the respective occupations of Messrs. Peers, Chapman, Vernon, and others as tenants thereof. Gross annual rental, £55 ss. The property is hole for the residue of a term of 2,000 years, cre,stel by an indenture of demise dated the Ist day of October, 1770. and is subject to an apportioned yearly rent of Lithe. 5d., and also to certain rights of way and user of the passage on the easterly side thereof. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Legh- street, Warrington; or to MESSRS. DAVIES AND FORSHAW, 42, Sankey-street, Warrington, Vendor's Solicitors.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. Vc ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Lc., warehoused.

iflarbtnern, etc. „ „ I) A TEST ()MON MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Mem GEORGE DAVIEB 6: SON have ha .al mole than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. tnent, and possess praelicalkinowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron mannfacthres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price ad. " Colonial and ioreigu Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., lc SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. HOT-WATER Fl ETINGS, a Speciality. Estimates given for labour only or ofterwise. Boilers and piping taken down and re-erected complete. References.—DENTON, Craven-street, Droylsden, Manchester.

OHIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety. V Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free.—MABBOTT, Lever-at., Manchester. (lONFFCTIONERY and SWEETS BUSINESS FOR DIS- POSAL: old established : main road, Moss Side.— Address 37, BRADSHAW-STREET, Moss Side, Manchester.

VISH AND POULTRY,—High-class BUSINESS FOR 12 SALE, in a flourishing Lancashire town ; turnover £3,000 pr anum : goodwill, stock, book debts. fittings, horses, carts, complete, £750 : proprietor retiring. H. PADFIELD, 110, Huskisson-street, Llverpool.

GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE AT pITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Just past Station Through Railway Arch. THE RENOWED GENERAL FURNISHERS. pITTS'S GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE is creat- ing quite a Sensation, as never before has such EXTRAORDINARY VALUE been offered. People from all parts are patronising PITTS'S, with a result that orders are plentiful as leaves in autumn. As the Best Bargains are fast disappearing, AN EARLY VISIT is absolutely neces- sary in enter to participate in the INESTIMABLE ADVAN- TAGES held forth to PITTS'S vast and ever increasing clientelle. Now do not let this GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY slip. PITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 154, 22i, 281, 38f, 50, 75, 100, up to 1,003 guineas, specially improved in quantity and quality of articles for this great sale, tar surpass and excel all others. Full particulars, testimonials, and press opinions post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrangement suiting convenience. PITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 artistic designs, each priced. has been christened by one ot its many enthusiastic admirers THE THIIICTY MAN'S FRIEND, as it enabled him to furnish ire a tasteful ants durable manner ter ADO UT HALF ÜbUAL EXPENDITURE. It has also been the means of saving the public hundreds of pounds by pointing out enor- mous BENEFITS unobtainable elsewhere. Forwarded at request. pITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 221 guineas, equal to what expensive City firms charged £46 for, contains —Artistic SITTING-ROOM Suite in Leather. c,:nsisting of tasteful Conrh or Sofa, Pair of Easy Chairs and set of Small Chairs. substantial Dining Table, Carpet or Floorcloth, nice design. Hearth Rug, Brass Bar. Fender and set of Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Cur- tains. KITCHEN has strong Dresser, Set of Chairs, Rock- ing and Arm Chairs, sound square or fall leaf table, Fender, Fire Irons, Flf,orcloth, and Rug. BEDROOM r Serviceable Suite, polished or enamelled, Cane Chairs, Towel Rail, Toilet Service, strong full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster and two Pillows, Carpet or Floorcloth. arid Fender. HALL, STAIRS, and LANDING Carpet, Floorcloth. Stair Rods ansl Eyes, Brass Door Plate, Cocoa end Door Mats. The most marvellous value obtainable. Inspection will verify. PITTS'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN- -1 ROOMED HOUSE, originally cost £lBO, for 75 guineas. The Dining-room is in morocco leather. the Drawing-room is in Rosewood, a spare mom upstairs, fitted as a smokeroom, is in Saddlebags. Furniture complete for Kitchen. Hall, Stairs. Landing, Cellars, &e. The First Bed- room is in American Walnut, including Wardrobe, Dresing Table, Washstand, Chairs. &c., Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpet. Rug. and Toilet service. The Second Bedroom is in Ash, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered, Worth coming miles to secure. pars's CARPETS, PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIN' ETTES. Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware,— Magnifi- cent Selection. Guaranteed great saving. PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- TURE. Every Description of Bookcases, Secretaries, Desks, Stools. Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City prices. Exceptionally low estimates free. QAMUEL PITTS, Established 1845 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longaight, and Belle \Tee Car's pass the door.

eburatton.

rrB.E MISSES RIMIER , Sen. Hon. Cert., R.A.M. SCHOOL will RE-OPEN (D.V.) SEPTEMBER 13th—Fees, etc., on application.—At Home after Septem- ber sth.

QWYNFA. PRNMARNMAWR —GIRLS' BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL. Vacancy for Governess Pupil in Michaelmas term.—Principal, Mrs. H. MELLOR.

A RNOLD HOUSE SCHOOL, POULTON-LE-FYLDE, near Blaapool. Boys receive a good education with comfortable home. Next Term begins SEPT. 14Tn,Principal. B. TOWNSEND (Royal University, Ireland).

MISS FLORENCE TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbach of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils f,r PIANOFOATE LESSONS. Recommeuded by H. STENDRER-WELSING, Esq. , F. H. CROSSLEY and others.— Address 16, MYSEUM-STREFT, Warrington.

MR. W. B. PAYTON MUS. BAG. VIOL, (Organist knd Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc„ at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warringtoll.

MANC it ESTER ORAMMAR SCHOOL. FRE £4 4e. PER TERM. The NEXT ;TERM begins TUINDAY, SEPT. 19th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPT. 18th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Applicition, ecc., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School Is situated in Higher Broughton. OWE W. COX, Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The EXT TERM WILL BEGIN On TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12nr. The HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to Interview Parents 011 SATURDAY, SEPT. 9TH MONDAY, SEPT. 11TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY & CLASS-ROOM. PROSPECTUS. AC. ON APPIIC-ITION.

TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, & CO., LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

£lO B.S.A. 210 DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, as required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTE PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, &c., complete, TEN POUNDS £7 12s. 6D. Our No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve mouths; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. STUART. WILLIAMS' AND CO. 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. &STAB. 1892. Plating, Euamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. When your are placing your order for a B.S.A. Cycle be sure and ask the agent for a specification of the machine, and then compare with ours. You will find that ninety-nine times out of a hundred the specification is not up to our standard. Fittings.—Genuine 1899 B.S.A. Frame Tubing.—Double-butted, not co n mon German. Wheels.—Built with double-butted spokes, not the ordinary common. Chain.—Half-inch pitch, not the ordinary block. Tyres.—Palmer or Dunlop, on hollow rims; not on solid ; as many of our rivals fit. We also fit your own height of gear, and your own pattern of handle-bar. The enamelling is without the least doubt second to none, while the plating is the very first qu tlitV. Price of above machines is I.s. net. Call and see for yourselves. Re 4.e glad to show you, and are certain you will be pleased. WE 11AVB CI °LES FROM £7 10S. MANAGER, D. DALGLEISH.

CY CLES ! CYCLES! CYCLES! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL eF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, mmunmc,: Royal Enfield, Rudge-Wbitwortb, Elswick, New Howe, Beeston and Coventry Numbers, Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley &c. Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Easy terms of payment, from 10s. per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILMA NI LEA, CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

COOPER AND CO'S TEAS.. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. TEAS. HOLD THE LEADING POSITION. TEAS. REPRESENT THE BEST VALUE. TEAS. GIVE GREATEST SATISFACTION. T 5 . OF SUPREME EXCELLENCE. We have many thousands of regular customers, and we know from past experience that those whe try our TEAS for the first time generally become constant users. We have every confidence In the worth of our TEAS, and past results justify the high opinion of their value. UNEQUALTJED FOR PURITY, ECONOMY, AND FRAGRANCE. LEADING PRICES is. 2p., is. 4D., is. 6D., Is. BD., AND 15. I OD., per lb. LOCAL BRANCH, "19 BUTTER M ARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FREE WHEELS FREE WHEELS! BOWN'g AND BEAUMONT'S FREE WHEELS can be fitted to any MACHINE, new or old, within twen y four hours. No Machind can be claimed to be at.:olutely up to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy runnillg con _rivances. The saving in the labour of cycling will C012?-. pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of Inving this wheel fitted. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No, 7056. Makers of the Famous " AEOLUS " CYCLES and Fittings. Patentees and Inventors of the Ball I3earlng as applied to all Cycles throughout the World.

DR. SC'6 put,. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR scDTT'S piLLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBUIaI' CURB ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. D' scon.s piLLs. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICIIig• DR. sconrs pus. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medloio,e instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which Lf wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 3+ stamps. • PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGBT, SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECII OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 2, SANKEY OT., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTIIpoRT

THE EX A NIIN SEPTEMBER 15th 1899.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. • FRANK BUG-G 9 32, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Mention this Adver isement, and FRiNK SUGG will Supply you with Pootcards for your Club use, Free of Charge. "Football King" 9s. 6d. ..111 Absolutely Perfect. B4"\. Centre Half Ball 7e. 64. •'< '4 Junior Lelgue Ball ss. Od. 7CREO c"l',s, National Ball 33, lid. PECIS ar,nitna,* lit Rugby Balls Same Prices. etSZAID ,41 Bladders is. 6d , 2s„ & 2s. 3d. ,• sr\ " LEAGUE " All Chrome Water- -INil G ,w proof Boots. 10s. 64., post tree. • SpeAal Club" is. 61. " Forward ' (lace to toe), 9s. 6d. "The Marvel" (reliable Boot), 4s 9d. SHIN GUA.UDS (all Leather) from 101 d. to 3s. 11d, per pair. SHIRTS (in all Colours) 252., 305.. 40s. per dozen. YOUTHS' JERSEYS (in all Colours) Bs. 31. per dozen. KNICKERS—Beet Serge, Is. 6d. to be. 64: White Drill Swans- down. is. 44. to 3s. 64. Goal Bets. 355. and 48s. complete, as used by Everton five seasons. Bags. Is Ild. to 7s. 64. Write for Catalogue.

"His ilopetite returned', Flesh be!an ts Increase,"

()ROUGH op WARRINGTON. t't7,'.(4,1\,•:,7, is „SI", NV ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCEN- TRA. T D MANURE. TWEI4 TT. -FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

LIALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. R ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. 'aeking. Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, eic., &c. -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, /to., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

S•P•Q•it• PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! Fou SICK HEADACHE, BILIinANRSS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, ltd. Sold by BOOTS CASH CRE AlInS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 91d. 130eTa, CASH CHEMISTS (V/ ESTERN), LTD.. PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, -- CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Sze., belivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamtord-rd. Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a position to SELL all the LATEST ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. W • ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery : —69. Lime-street.

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION, PARR HALL AND SPECIAL MACHINERY ANNEXE MARCH 3TO 24, 1900. ARTS, INVENTIONS, ENGINEERING, MANUFACTURES, TRADES. Prospectus, plans, and application forms may be had of TRH SECRETA.RIEb, 75. Bridge-street, Warrington

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES, FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, .54c., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELF.pEroNE No. 169. BRANCH OFFICE: 24, HORSE MARK ET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HIPPY, PROSPEROU AND FREE FRohl CARES. INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FREE on Recelpt of Stamped Envelope. RUCOMMENDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSOR WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO., 15, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

n JAMES TOOLE, LT —.USED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. Z:h(Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) e HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out 4ses, (sows, (tc. reweved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION 41Ways on band, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON ti APPLICATION. CRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAItD, LONGFORD.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM X 5 10s. TO tiO 103., Equal to any at 60 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESsORIES correspondingly low. Veeders 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc., etc. / ARENA CYCLE k.)OIIPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. JOSEPH DARLINGTON nqted old Bowl Turner, invites the inspection of his gool I,l,o3Ction of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignum- tce, and made strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS. eze. GENERAL WOOD A- ND IVORY TURNER. -- 12. 14, & 16, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL Established 1826.

RAILWAY TIME TA,BLE. SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 23, 10 20, 12 10, 1,5, 2 55, 6 20. 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10,15 a.m. Altar and llillhouse-7 15 831, 1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 9,36 2 5 8 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & a 2 58. 83 23, 7 10, 9,50 120, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMondays excepted - b Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529,5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 50, 1 15, 4 50,6 28, 850. Sundays 843.60. Blackpool-5 29. 5 45, 8 35. 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 15,3 50,4 50, 6 48, 7,17, 8 50,9 43. Sundays 8 43 3 356 0. Bolton-5 45, 8 15,9 19,10 40,12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 843 a.m..5 15.8 28. p.m. Carlisle-2 37 a m,5 29,5 45.9 56 11 50. 12 25,1 55, 4 50. Sun day). 3 35 954. Chester-7 37, 8 17, 95, 10.20 a 2 15, 7,20 11, 14 12,0 Sundays 8,44 10,26 7,54 11,35 aMondays excepted. Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 23, 10 10, 12 7. 2 35,3 40. 5 15, 33,7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 JO, 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 520, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5,11 35.aMond ays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 25,2 20. 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, A,M. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46. 9 58, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 4 7 0,6 .5,1152. Sundays 515 p.m Earlestovi n-5 45. 7 5.8 5,8 25.9 25, 10 13,10 20,11,0 12 7, 12 25 1 55, 2,35 3 .40 3,50 5.15 5.20 6,58 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,55 10,30 Sundays. 7,43 8 35,8 43,2..m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25. 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 3,20 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 848,240.80. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5 1023. 1225. 220. 3 15. 4 22,5 11, 6 4 1.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 4 0 75.80. 83 40, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37. 529. 956 11 50, 12 25. 2 49, 4 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 15, 3 50. 5 20, 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12. 757. 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 40, 60. 75, 80. b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 II 25,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Suvdays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15. 5 15, 7 18. 9 33. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 bb, 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 338. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, a 5 32. 75, 85, 8 35 9 25, 11 0, 127, 12 2.5a.4,1 3.40 5 20, 78, 740, 1030. Sunday 35, 510. 530, 835. 843, 3 28. 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 33, 8 15, 10 9 11 b 3, 1 55. 3 20,5 20, 6 17,8 0, 9 'l5. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57., 8 31, 95. 10 24, 12 0, 1 3, 1 8,2 15, 3 37. 4 0. 5 55, 75, 80, 89a40 10 25 11 15 11 39. Sundays 90, 9 55, 1125,2 39. 7 10, 9 18 10 18,10 4,3 aSaturdays only. bexcept Saturdays. London 5,L. &N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0, 2 0 5 20, 622, 11 34. ;:.,undays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,6 Mondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Sundays 1 46 a.m., 515 p.m. Lvmm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 4-9,12 36. 1 14, 243 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 4). 1055,1214.1223,158.29, 332, 4 26. 5 32,6 15, 717,88, 920. lu3. Sundays 43, 5 15, 6,7 57, 8 28. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0,9 58. 10 49, 1 14, 2 44,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12. Manchester (Ches hire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10 55 11 6, 11 23,11 55,12 65, 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55. 5 55. 655 7 10, 7 b 5, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 10 6. Middlewich-7 40, 10 2J, 2 558, 5 35b.7 20.bSaturdays only Moore-7 40,10 2,0,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 1225, 520, 7 17 9 20, 9 50, 10 30. SundaysB 43, a.m.6 0,9 54. Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 40.10 28, 11,6 12 0 12 20, 1 40, 3 55.528,7 10,8 12,9 15. Sundays 856,10 14, 3 47, 5 15,9 35 Preston-2 37. 529, 5 45,8 35. 955, 11 50, 1225,2 49, 350 450. 6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 4).a9 55. Sundays, 237, 8 43, 335 6 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 33.8 25,9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20. 5 20, 617 80. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5,12 0 1 8 2 15, 258. 40,5 29, 60, 75. 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40, blO lb. Sundays 90, 11 25. 2 39. 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only. cMondays only. (0.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 155, 3 IS, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, St.Helens--5 32 7 5,08 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 10 55,11 55, 12 7, 1225, 2 35 3 40,6 20,6 58,7 8, Satur aye only 7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 835.8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 35, 11 2, 114 3 19, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur aye only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 43, 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 9 5 1U 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,75, 80. 9 25, ab 40, blO 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39. 18, aSaturdap excepted. bSaturdays rely. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29.5 45,7 5,8 33.9 56,11 0.11 5), .12 25,1 55 2 49,3, 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 28,? 17,8 50.9 43,9 55 Sunday, 2 37 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54 TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 11 2, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20, 8 30. Sundays 755, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 13, 8 29, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)- 3 10, 5 50, 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 0, 5 50 7 25. Sundays 3 10,12 40, 11 42, Birmingham (Midlaud)-6 5, 742. 850, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 0 45, 6 50. 810 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. blix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 35,12 35, 3 47, 75) Sundays, 8 0,1 47, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,10 35. 12 25 '1 40, 3 15, 4,5 ,5 23,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 12, 7 35. Blackpool (Central) -6 5, 7 25, 825. 10 0.2 55,4 10,4 58, 55, 6 50. 8 15. 158 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 10. 10 25, 12 15,12 15,4 15, 510 5 55,7 15, 8 35,a10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m.aSatur days only. Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 30.:12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m., 20, 8 41,12 10 p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 650,8 40, 10 10, 1130. 11 35, 1 55, 220, 4 20, 4 50, 6 35, 7 30, 8 10. Sundays 217, 935, 755, 115, Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24,7,15 11 24. 12,38 18, 1 43,2 10, 3 10, 4,6, 5 38, 623, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 1046. Sundays 7 15, 8 lta.m. Crewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13,9 20,11 15, 11 30, 2 16, 2 50, 415. 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 710, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 1. 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17. 11 27. 2 47, 5 48, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 12, 935. 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, ;5 35 . alixoept Mondays. Earlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 23, 11 25, 12 43, 16. 112, 147, 13. 3 11. 3 14. 5 15, 5 42. 5 52, 6 30, 7 33, 8 8 9 10, 9 23, 12 0. Sunttays 8 33. 952. 20 0, 3 45. 7 24. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12. 95.9 45, 12 24, 29, 327, 51, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 .2. 257. 82. Frodshara-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231, 411, 5 31, 657, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 12 0, 12 56. 211. 35, 4 56. 59. 053. 6 57. 124 930 Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMon day ea rupted. uolborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15, IC) 47. Sundays 9 40. 75. Hough Green-7 45, 815, 99,10 3, 1055. 1.17 1 30, 2.22 3 19, 5 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 918. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4 9 10. lrlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 14. 8 40, 9 34. 102. 11 17, 120. al 45. 213 3 0,4 22, 85 41, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9, 42.112?. Sundays 823 2133,7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via hlarlestown)-1 0 32 .55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 15. 1 30, 3 204 4 25. 450,5 35.7 5.8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 54 a itondays only. Via Widnes-5 20 7 10, 7 40, 830 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 50 1248, 1 55, 2 35, 4 40, 4 50, 5 35, 635 7 30, 8 0 t 8 40, 11 0 a Saturdays excepted Sundays 85. 9 0 2 30, Z 50, 4 20. 630 8 33. London (L & N W)-10 0, 12 0, 5'15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15, 4 16, 530 Sundays 100. 12 0, 18 0, 5 30, 10 0, 10 12. London (Midland)-5 15, 90 10 5,12 0,80 0,5 ,a 9 15, 120, Sun aye 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. Lymm--8 7, 8 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 8, 1 11, 31 3?, 25, 253. 414, b 5 33, 5 19, 6 41 7 41,8 58 933, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25 , 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdsys excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 25, 9 5, 10 45, 11 5, 31 50, 1 5, 2 35, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0. 75. 7 10. 8 0, 9 2). 10 40. Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90, 9 50, 60,10 40 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford 'toad Manchester (London-road)-7 25. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2 C, 340. b 5 5,5 20, 65, 7 5, 8 20 8 55. 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2,0 1 40, 630 b3aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Oheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 3J, a 3 5, 930 9 35,10 30, 1035, 1130. 1230,12 45, 1 3), 2 30,3 30, 4 30,4 4 48 5 30, 6 3u,6 38, 730 .8 30. 833, 111), all 30, 11 0. Sun days 8 30,9 10, 925 9 30, lo 40.1,20 25, 35, 8 20, 9 40. Saturdays.only. Middlewich -6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 14,12 14,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19/4 58 Newton-6 47. 7 25. 8 42, -9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 26, 1 55, 3, 2 4 51, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 0, 9 10, 9 55, 118. 11 47, 7 0 11 5, Sundays 8 3J, 9 18, 100, radgate 746, 826, 90,10 6 19, 210, 5187 3, 935. Sundays 8 53, 1/. 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 45, 550, 95, 9 30 10. 10,11 28, 110. 4 20, 6 43 8 30,9 45. 1049. Sundays 25, 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2: 36. aMondays excepted. Runcorn 8 39, 9 19 10 15, 1230, 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 30. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, D 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 34. Sundays, 849, 10 8 3 40, 6 7, 9 28. Sheffield-8 25, 118, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. Lt Helens-6 20,6 55, 8 2, 8 28. 9to 10 5, 10 25, 11, 12 1120. 12 5, 125, 2 45, 430,5 50, 3 2i, Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 50.2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 8 10, 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 C, aSaturdays only. lbelwall-8 10, 8 36. 9 30. 9 58, 11 13, 1 i 5, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18. 5 37, 63, 645,7 45, 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes(Chesblre Line)-3 20, 9 15, 10 10, It 12, 12 25 1 25, 2 30, 3 25.4 25, 5 296 12,7 16, 7 68, 9 25 11 42, asun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10 9 20. a Saturdays only Widnes (LA N W)- 7 5 856, 9 33 10 33, 12 16, 59, 2 2, 2 3 20, .558, 5,0, 5 5, 6 46, 116,1 Sundays 8 14, 250, 754 1 6.

RECEIVING HousE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXY'S ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS :

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE aLLR,—II your hair is turning Ivey orw bite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting this growth. Price 3s. 6d per bottle. --‘1 dot' CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 3...) years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chem.sts and Patent Medicine Vendors lb o ugh but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Toe Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt FLonuareE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardeu the gums, prevt,,,ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar -tor the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. ildvt The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's •• STARCH GLOBS isunequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. Cornwall, says wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- ure it. T CRITCHLEY. Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

! HAVE YOU A BAD LEG ,ArITA wounds that dischargo or otherwise, peril% I surrounded with inflammati on and swollen, that wt.() You press your finger on the inflamed part. it leaves the im pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remecties you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue .011 deprive you of the power to walk. You may Inve '*,tended various hospitals ad had medical advice, anl peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDox-EaRDET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PlLleg which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols)ae.l Hands, E unions. ategistered Copyright.)

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79 ,

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from tbe Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public cenerally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whaterer rouse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Bloor Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary :Jous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheuma :lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and its, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthlesira tations.

I • . , , ,-4 . ,ITAkt,p tril qp ! ':C : 1., t . ' .:,;„,. :.: :`?' 't s • .i. ' '' .. ''''' ... At7l P,:, '' ••‘''' ki ',%:!, .i; „, 1,,,,, 4 . ,5f . ~i,g! 4,:g •I''' ,), . qi. : : ' 0 ,_ : . ''f'''.;; 114 t. 3.'' .# • 't ;• '"; :': 1"*. t, '' ''''l".4v.. 1 ~' ~ jti ~ i '''' 1,.0 • t' ' ''. A tk.l .3Li P ;3111 i'‘S 4 • CURES BRONCHITIS, ISTiiliffik, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Thtrocit Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILELKINS, SCUR7Y, aCCI. IT IS INVALUABLE IN 'ME TREATMENT OF Stiff Joirass, Spr3aLas, .r,.7,2?x3t5, Scalaz, vi,:trucl. EVERY FORM OF SIMNI DISEASE. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor

PENNYPOYM. TowiEts _ & STEEL - roFt.-0 ,FEM A 'II.:E • QUICKLY CORRECT LLL ERREGULLRITIES, REMOVE ALL onsTaut-rioNs, and relieve the distressing tympteins prevalent with, the sex. Boxes,l/1A & 2/9 (contains tlre2 times the quantity), of all Chr.,mists. Sent anyv.herz on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO \ VI:11 ez MaAufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Etzstilatianr. injwinta mut nrr..

CONFECT C'3' and TOFFEE! TOFFEE I 1 TOFFEE I! I Do you sell Confectionory ? If so, write by return of post for a sample and price of MACKINTOSH'S EXTRA CREAM TOYFEE The King ot all Totte.es, Even small all,pkeepers ore s fling this ino--t .l tee at lightnin' speed. Avictiowle .ced ny ill delicious flavour to hea roil treat, Ciantalc,,izincry of oil descriptions at it)WeA: 'prices for ea-h Apply J. MACKINTOSII, Llzhlted, The TocleaMii HALIFAX.

FOR IRST -CL ASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. 'EETII. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient informed bEforehand the cost Of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Exotia=rn as ous titlfto by the rrEET H. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL .5, BOLD-STRB— (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN ..... BRIDGE-STRB° TULSDAY, 2 p.m. WA RRING TON 3t, SANK EY-STRg° WKDNESD IY, 2 to 5. RUNCOaN 3l, BRIDGE-STRBO THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH , APPLE 11ARKET-3TRB° FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARS GREEN, Warrington, Opposite Arpley Stati Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essenhigla'6.) O. T. WARD AND Co.. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Tombs. Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTERCUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
