===== 0002601_18990825_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS TON, PHI LADELPH lA.SAW FE'ANCISCO, CA NAP A CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND t‘Ae tickets at the LOW EST RATES at 'TORN W ALKEIt AND CO., ADEL AI DE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY ISIBAWIENS from LITHRPOOL,

===== 0002601_18990825_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
data..

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE. WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTAOLBS AND FANCY GOODS

OF ALL DESCRIPTiONS. OPEN EVERY DAY.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- efirASTUR. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. liLw'roli, West Derby, Liverpool.

S A TCHEL L'S CLUE HATS. TEIE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7s. 6D. AND 10S. 6D.

48, LORD-STREET LI VERPOOL. '

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM ;THEIMAKER, HARROP'S

122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINBTTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINET Ills HARROP'S FOR BASSINRITBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINRITRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTES HARROP'S FOR BASS [MUTES H A R R:0 Pr S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINOTOi.'

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER '• OFFICE, 33,MARKET Sr.,EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, (to., ac. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, d a Good Variety of other Articies useful and ornamental always In Stook. AGENT FOR ThE WRSLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
C 4

EDD.ES DANDELION COFFEi

- The be and cheapest ever oCered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 6d., 10d., and le. Bd. each. Wholeea:e by J., GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

- LONGWORTH PAPER MERCEIANT. 1 BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 208 ow CHEESE ~ us „ PURPLE BAGS, 98 „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE on PINK,. 12s 6d, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 'lid ;16 by 24, loid ; 19 by 29 le 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 oza. le, 4 ozs. le 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE ld per 1030 less. ENVRLOPRS, 18 6d 1000. NOTEPAPER,3fdper pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREBT, MANCHESTER.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS I THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS IND SUNSHADE'S RECOVERED IX UALF Ali HOUR FROM 3s. 60. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

"VOLIND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING AL' TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss. sd; Hooke to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to is 64 per dozen; gut Casts,three yards,2ld. 43, 6d, and 91 &son ; Jut Mttoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for id; porcupines, hi Bam gentlea in stock at 3d, 6d, and Is per box.

WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olne Fishing Tackle Shope).

KEATING'S PO WDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, BeeUes. Kilis Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER OF

===== 0002601_18990825_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
UNRIVALLED KILLER OF

UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d.' 6d., and is. Only be sure you do get "/Ceatings." FLEA.S, BEETLES, MOTHS, B UOS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTH, BUGS.

A DELicious EFFERVESCING DRINK MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER WHILE YOU DRINK IT.

_ SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD AND CHEAP. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU THIRSTY? ,TRY WILLS' BYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU FEVERISH? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

ARB YOUI Budous ? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLS, HYGEIA SALT

Q UENCHES THIRST. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

CLEANSES THE STOMACH. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

CLEARS THE TONGUE, WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

PURIFIES THE BLOOD. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

REGULATES THE SYSTEM WILLS' HYGEIA SALT RENDERS MEDICINE UNNECESSARY.

6D, AND Is. PER TrN.

-- The Following testimonial has been received from Mr. Plakeley, Professor of Music, of Hithne, Man- chester, with regard to Wills' liygela Salt : "I find the Salt to be all the proprietors claim for it and it has proved most beneficial in my case. A bet- ter aperient I never had. I have tried various other things, all of them griping me, till I tried WILLS' HYUEIA SALT, which never causes me the slightest discomfort. After using it I teel better invigorated, and can recommend it to any who find a sate and pleasant aperient desirable. I shall always keep it by me, and will certainly give it my best recom- mendations."

SOLE DISTRICT AGRNTS BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, ERIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., IVARRINGTON, WHO SELL AT TEE REDUCED PRICES OF SD. &

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous Etna PLysical Debility , should send for a wails 'e pamphlet eaptaining how , all nervous and organic arrangemeutt may be buccees fully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy , and pleasant, and will effect a perfect anu permanent Cure. San r,tsaled, poet free. AddressL. NORTON. 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London. W.O isstanllsbed ,Xsars.j rid

===== 0002601_18990825_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
I 4 .

LADIES' LETTER.

El DEAR NELLIE,

I am reminded that I have not spoken of capes lately. lam certainly reminded of that fact by the coolness of the summer evenings. The Lady contains a few specimens of fashionable capes. I notice that the present fashion of transparent yokes and insertions renders light wraps absolutely necessary whenever the wind is cool, and these must be very dainty and smart, to accord with summer attire. Black is proverbially the most useful colouring, and when relieved with some white silk or chiffon, and some 6ortA or antique hued lace, the effect is smart and chartiing.

Hats of the most fashionable type are picture hats. I really think that the name conjures up to the imaginative of my friends a view of wild and cultivated flowers with very fine trimmings all placed on a big brimmed hat. The picturesque hat demands the hair being dressed somewhat looser and more freely, but even then it must not be allowed to degenerate into caricature by those who would be in good style. The weird heads of hair seen amongst the second-class followers of fashion in imitation of defunct Parisian and Ameri- can modes are not to be seen at any gathering of the better class. For good style now the hair is dressed broadly, and just over the top of the ears, waved and worn with but little " fringe " (as we have known it time back), only a few soft curls just to take off the severe effect,, and in many eases where the hair grows closely and softly round the forehead, no definite curls even.

I have seen a lovely black alpaca travelling coat, which doubtless invited the dust more freely than would a grey alpaca, but at the same time it was so much more elegant that it deserved to be for- given that little weakness. It was crowned with a very small soft chiffon toque, also in black, with a large chou of white 134136 ribbon velvet in the front, and the fresh appearance of the traveller was to be enhanced at the moment of arrival by the adjustment of a new white tulle bow round the neck. The dress worn beneath this ulster con- sisted of a white pongee shirt, with a transparent yoke of lace, and a black alpaca skirt lined with white silk. The same costume would have looked admirable had the skirt and long ulster been of a thin light grey covert coating, or, as I said before, of grey alpaca.

Cloth and serge skirts are still made without the smallest fulness just below tho waist. When they are well-cut the folds arising naturally from the circular sweep of the material, there is nothing ugly or ungraceful about them. But many are not well out, and they drag on the figure. I sincerely hope that a little fulness may be again the fashion before lang, for it is not everyone who can afford to employ a skilled tailor or dressmaker, and the unskilled make a fearsome thing of the tightly. fitting skirt, even in substantial stuffs. In muslins and washing silks the results are even worse.

_ Trissores, linens, hollands, and piques are being packed by the score for country and seaside, now that all the world is off to ruralise. White hats, white gloves, white stockings, and white shoes, are again this season the fit and proper etceteras, and with a radiantly white gown, not long enough to trail, they make "the summer girl" look her very best, whether she walks, wheele rows, drives her pony-cart, or sas listening to the band with a volume of her favourite author in her hand. I am reminding those of my friends who are about to take their holiday abroad that white gowns are a necessity—there is always much white worn over the water. This year it will be white crepe de chine, white silk muslin, and white voile. Of the last material I have seen a charming gown made with the skirt, which points to the hem in the front and has a triple effect at the back, bear- ing incrustations of raised silken flowers. The bodice had a V-shaped top, and was folded round the figure to the waist beneath a narrow belt of pale blue velvet, fastened with a diamkand slide. This belt being the only touch of color was ex- tremely effective, and by reason of its narrow width extremely becoming to the waist. Waist are becoming very slim, I notice; is it the exercise in which we indulge, is it tight lacing, or is it a marvellous result achieved by woman out of mere respect for fashion ? Indeed, the close. fitting skirts and dresses seem to demand a slim figure, and, somehow, whatever fashion ordains, woman arranges to-see that she gets it. At least that is the opinion of

Your loving JENNIE.

PIIM3E. OUR CATALOGUE OF

MAZEPPA CYCLES

Large stock of new and secondhand Machines.

_ EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR I.ISIS.

MAZEPPA CYCLE C 0.3 Scotland Road, Liverpool.

,;(1;;a "=1 sN. \\ 11 it -N • s , 'k\ % \ - 'l4'; , \•

1. e.f!-. .),,; ~----ewry , .„..,.,,,...,..„,,,, ..... , , -,-,,,-- c- , ~.,,,,,4-,,,--f, , , 7, , z.„. , ...z , , . ~. • , w , ri 0,,,

(1)4 4_442 '77---,- - ---- ,z, ._/t-•,7) 0, ( \ I . \ 4,:ki.' ~y , \ • 14. .ie,, , , , , ,

===== 0002601_18990825_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGAL PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR MAKES THB Br ST PASTRY.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
.‘ WOMEN'S CHAT."

The majority of the elite are at present taking their "cure" and Marienbad is, undoubtedly, owing to the I visit of the Prince of Wales, the most fashionable resort I this year. Here early rising is the order of tee day, six o'clock being the hour at which the first glass from the springs should be partaken of. Then comes breakfast which is usually had out of doors in the woods,at eleven the bathe,after which comes the second glass of mineral water. Lunch is served from one teetwo. Everyone has tea in the woods, then CDITles the third and last glass of the water, and dinner at 7-30. At ten o'clock those sho rigidly follow out the "cure," have retired to rest. So far as dress and gaiety are concerned many of the recognised resorts in Switzerland to-day closely resemble the London Season in full swing. Up to a year or two ago the great attraction was the simplicity of the life. One found good air, good food, early hours, moderate prices, and simple dress. But all this is changed now. Lucerne, for example, is at the present time, crammed, and dances, dinner parties, picnics, concerts, theatricals ecc., are the regular routine. Rest, quiet. simple dress- ing, and simple living, are not to be tolerated in these nineteenth century end days of ours, and we have not time to admire glorious views, and enjoy grand scenery. It appears prebable that Madame Patti will give a couple of concerts in Berlin this coming winter, her fee for tbe same being £1,200. !The figures are high for this particular capital, but the diva has frequently received more. Madame Melba is not now very far behind. She can command four hur.dred guineas for an engage- ment, and it is whispered that her terms will shortly be further raised. Tbis, as before, is in the hope that the sum will prove prohibitive, and so give the Australian nightingale the chance of a much needed rest. The sixty-ninth anniversary of the birthday of the Austrian Emperor, celebrated the other day, completed a year which.has been sadly eventful to his Majesty. It was on September 10th that the whole civilised world was shocked by tbe dastardly murder of the Empress, and by the irony of fate there fell in the same year the fiftieth anniversary of the Emperors coronation—an occasion which is commcnly regarded as one for jubiiation and festivities. Despite the terrible bereavement of less than three months before—not the first unhappily that has overtaken the Emperor-King—his subjects were scarcely deterred from some demonstration of their loyalty, and indeed it is no matter for surprise that they should have wished to take the opportunity of display- ing their affection and sympathy towards a mcnarch who has teen so sorely tried. Of some afflictions one way bay in the beautiful words of Virgil "Farsan et teec ohm meminisse juvabit" but the misfortunes which have almost overwhelmed the Royal House of Austria have been so awful as to leave little room for consolation. At the same time the British people join with his Majesty's subjects in the hope that it may please Providence to prolong a life upon which much of the future of both Austria and Hungary depends. Scarcely a week passes without the publication of some book which illustrates the universal belief in a future state. A new edition of Mr. Poth's work on the Tasmanians, and Sir Alfred Lyall's Asiatic essays both refer to this subject, and describe the attitude of undoes, and the now extinct people of Tasmania towards the spirits of the dead, which in both cases havo been supposed to maintain relations with the living. Sir A. Lyall tells a strange story which is indicative of the superstition of the Elindoos. Some fifty years ago a very high English official died in a fortress, and at that moment when the news of his death reached the sepoy guard at the main gate, a black cat rushed out. The guard presented arms to the cat as a salute to the flying spirit of the powerful Englishman, and the conviction took so firm a hold of the locality, neither exhortation nor orders were effective to prevent a Hindoo sentry at the gate from presenting arms to any cat that passed out of the fort at night. Judging from the number of low broad trunks en evidence women are at length realising that this method of disposing of one's toilettes etc., when travelling, is vastly superior to the old fashioned idea of cramming all one's bats and divers description of clothes into a Noah's Ark. A Noah's Ark is an abomination and ought to be put down by Act of Parliament. It means chasing porters, pursuing cabmen, making enemies of servants and dependants, told off to attend to one's luggage, and alienating 01301 friends. A woman who had lately received a visit from a girl, and a Noah's Ark, was relating to me her experiences the other day. The girl arrived, and the cabman promptly refused to tackle the luggage single handed. The gardener was summened, as sbe keeps no men in the house,and half way up the back staircase the "Ark" stuck. It would neither go up nor come down. After considerable damage had been done to the wall, it came down, and commenced its ascent of the principal stair- case. Here it knocked down a valuable picture, and at the conclusion of the visit, on its career downstairs, left scratches innumerable, and in some cases irremedi- able on the lovely oaken stairs and landings. That girl is never likely to rrceive a further invitation to that particular house. But, to return to my subject, the flat broad trunk. No porter or cabman shirks the charge of it, it will go up or come down any staircase, and will slip under the railway seat and form a delightful footstool. It is sur- prising too, the number of articles it will hold, provided one keeps them level as they go on, boots and shoes, then underwear, shirts, and bodices last. it is a thing of amazing amiability. One of the new hat-boxes will hold all headgear without fear of crushing, and with a neat hold-all for umbrellas, sunshades, and en-tout-as, and another for wraps, one can sally forth, strong in

connection that one stands very little chance of proving a terrcr to others or oneself.

Black evening gowns are one mass of embroidery. The most fashionable show bold scroll-like works, and con- ventional flowers, in jet paillates laid over one another like the scales of a serpent. Blue steel with which much ot this work was enlivened, is in great favour, and its effect at night is brilliant. CURRIED SARDINES.—Take three tablespoonfuls of fresh olive oil put it in a saucepan, thicken it to a sauce with arrowroot previously mixed smooth with cold water, add a small dessert spoonful o f curry powder, stir well, and simmer for five minutes, adding a little chutney if liked. Skin as many sardines as required, taking care not to break them, lay them gently in the muce. let them get thoroughly hot, and serve on toast with the sauce poured over. .

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PEERLESS

POLISHING

PASTE.

THE BEST METAL POLISH.

BRIDLE & Co., SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES

ORFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS.

THE SUCCESSFUL LOCAL CANDIDATES. The following are the successful candidates in this district :

SENIOR CANDIDATES. lIONOI7RS LIST.

Framed upon the aggregate work of the candidates, and containing the names fif these who satisfied the examiners and obtained honours and the title of Asso- ciate in Arts.

Second Class, in order of merit, 73 canclidates.—W B Forsbaw, Warrington Grammer School, 25th, bracketed with 21st, 22nd, and 23rd. Third class, 100 condidates. —P Knowles. Warrington Grammar School; and Lamb, St. Elphin's Scbool, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PAPS LIST.

First Division, framed upon the aggregate work of the candidates, and containing the names of the Senitr candidates, who satisfied the examiners and obtained the title of Associate in Arts:96o candidates.—R R Chris- tien, Runcorn Institute School ; S C Langham, Warring- ton Grammar School; C F Adamson, R Scott, and E F Taylor, St. Elphin.s School, Warrington. The following candidates showed sufficient merit to be excused from the examination in responsions in stated subjects : William B Forshaw and Arthur Adder- brooke, Warrington centre. JUNIOR CANDIDATES. HONOURS LIST.

Third class 198 candidates.—R A HoHord, Warrington Grammar School.

PASS LIST.

Containing the names of the junior candidates who satisfied the examiners.—G B Bennett, J W Box, H Brough, A F Corney. W Greene, C L M Longhorn, W Richardson, and E R Weeks, Warrington Grammar School •A M Coulton, D E Norris, M G Phillips, G F V Tenoperiey. D V Temperley,R M Wright,and C C Wright St. Elphin's School Warrington. Second Division, containing the names of the junior candidates, who, having exceeded the age of 16 years on July let last, satisfied the examiners, 727 candidates.— H Bryant, E Gandy, KW D Macrae. and II A Silcock, Warrington Grammar School; CM S Cotton and E S Gibbon, St. Elphin's School, Warrington. SUCCESSFUL PRELIMINARY CANDIDATES._ _

The following names are taken from the list of the successful preliminary candidates in the Oxford Local Examinations :

PASS LIST.

First Division, framed upon the aggregate work of the candidates, and containing the names of those who satisfied the examiners: I Wilcookson, St. Elphin's &boot.

_ Second Division, containing the names of the candi- dates who, having exceeded the aye of 14 years on July 1 last. satisfied the examiners, 867 candidates A BarVey, Notre Dame High School. St. Helens. 0 M Col- Boson, N M H Fletcher, and E H J Gardiner, St. Elphin's School ; D B Madeley, Hamilton House ; M M Percival, St. Elphin's School, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899

(Copyright.) THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:'

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA.

BY HUME NISBET,

Author of "A. Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Hunting for Gold," "The Swampers," &c.

lie stood betore tier in tits usual serious and attentive manner. She did not look at him. but at the map opposite her on the wall, while Silb fumbled nervously with his unopened letters. What she had come to say did not seem so easy to begin as she had anticipated. She had come fully provided against the cold, and was clad in heavy sealskins. Outside a keen north wind was blowing, making people shiver and double up as they faced it, but in this office it was almost oppressively warm. At least, she felt as if her sealskin oppressed her. She longed to cast it aside, yet she resisted the temptation. All at once her dark eyes roving from the map, fell abruptly on the table. She felt that although he was gazing at her respectfully, yet he was watching her keenly, and she resented this from such a base tool. It made her task all the more hateful to have to be familiar and confidential with such a man.

Stephen Belwood waited for her to begin the con- versation, and while he did so he read the cause of her embarrassment. She had come to ask him to do some more dirty work. She was not satisfied with the evil that had been wrought. "Surely it cannot be murder that the jealous beauty is meditating upon this time," he thought as he looked at her so respectfully. "I must draw the line at that, for I have no intention of risking the fatal noose even to please such a good customer. I doubt though if anything much short will please my lady." Suddenly the large heading of the open prospectus caught her glance, and she lifted it up and began to read through it. It would do to break the ice. "Are you going to issue this prospectus, Belwood ? "

"Yes, your Grace, when it has been properly re- constructed."

"I see you are quoting freely from the vendor's reports, but you say nothing about your special commissioner's, Sir Lewis Eastlake's, opinion. I have had letters also from him on these claims, and they were not encouraging." "Pardon me, your grace. Sir Lewis's examina- tion was a cnrsory one. He listened to outside opinions, and did not wait long enough to test these claims properly. Now since his departure the vendors have discovered fresh pockets, and have washed out over sixty thousand pounds worth of gold, which, with what they had stored up before, makes over one hundred and fifty thousand pounds washed out in less than eight months." " Do you believe this to be true? "I have the utmost reason to believe it to be true in every particular. I also believe that our next mail from the Yukon will inform us that Sir Lewis Eastlake has discovered a valuable property in the North East."

"He is safe and alive you think? It is many months since I heard from him last," asked and said the Duchess eagerly. "Yes; he left Dawson with one of the most experienced miners on the field. They 'ad a good store of provisions, and I 'ave since forwarded fresh supplies. Oh, yes, he will be safe, and I hope successfuL " "I hope so, and I shall soon know for myself, for I have made up my mind to take a yacht voyage round America and live at Dawson as soon as traffic has once more opened." Stephen Belwood looked at the Duchess with genuine admiration. He replied: "I wish I could go with you, for lam positive that this will be the best speculation I have ever been in. I have already despatched agents, as you know, to Van- couver, Wrangel and Dyea. My intentions have been to charter a small steamship and send her laden with plant by the same route. This you may be sure I would not do if I wasn't sure of my ground." "I believe you Belwood, and as we both get the name of being lucky lam ready to prove may faith by going in with you to the extent of, say, a hundred thousand pounds." She uttered these words carelessly, as if this sum was a mere bagatelle to her, as indeed, it was. Her listener also received it coAly, yet a little colour crept into his white cheeks and a kind of light into his filmy eyes. "Thanks your Grace. I must now raise the capital from four to six hundred thousand pounds, otherwise we shall have the B.P. reviling us for selfishness."

The Duchess laughed slightly at this sally, then she said kindly: "I shall make you my representative and broker in this speculation, and pledge myself to give you the earliest intelligence about the fields. You may trust my acumen in this matter. If I instruct you to withdraw, if to purchase, don't hesitate." "I can assure your Grace that I trust your busi- ness faculties and hinstincts more than I would many, even of our smartest city men. I will obey your orders to the letter." He spoke with evident sincerity. If there was one woman whom he sincerely admired, it was the young Duchess Valerie; other men were apt to follow blindly in his footsteps, even as he followed her. Her business gifts and unvaried success made him condone her weakness where this blundering baronet was concerned. He had his weaknesses also, and like her, did not resist. "Good," she said. "In that case I shall leave you a cheque for this amount. If I say buy, I'll send you an order on my banker for the amount I wish to spend at the same time. Meantime I have some money to pay you for that what you did at Cherbourg for me, and another favour to ask from you." "Now for the other side of the cameo," thought Stephen Belwood as he bent his head and prepared to listen.

party I can aepena nupon. ne win neip us to Ha the felony charge, but it can't be done for lees than fifty thousand. It might even cost more." _

"Bah f Let it cost a hundred thousand, so that it is done quickly," cried Valerie impetuously. Stephen Belwood rose with a resolute air. "Very well, your Grace; it shall be done, and satisfactorily. In a fortnight from now I'll under- take to have Nurse Eastlake convicted of theft and sentenced to six month" at least, imprisonment, with as bad a record as can be produced against her, only I don't exactly know how we are to get her to own that she is guilty, either of the felony, or of being unfaithful to her 'usband. It is one thing to drag the 'orse to the pond and another to make 'er drink."

"Leave that part of the programme to me to manage," answered the Duchess rising. "She does not know that I am in England, and she still regards me as her friend. You secure the con- viction, with the had record as to her moral char- acter. I shall visit her in prison and shew her the damage she will do to her husband and child if she does not release him from his bondage. I fancy I can play upon her feelings." The rest of the interview was occupied in com- paring notes, and the Duchess signing a cheque and present expenses. Then she rose to depart. am staying at the Hotel Cecil for the time I am in London. If you wish to report progress or require me, wire there and I shall come to you. I hold this business above all others until it is finished."

She did not take his hand, but she bent grace- fully as she passed out to her carriage, which speedily rolled away, leaving Stephen Belwood to his reflections.

As she passed out of the office Dickens, hia secretary, came in. He looked at that seakskin muffled bit of perfumery and soft loveliness and sighed.

-"Ah, these ladies!" he murmured. "What will they not do to have a dip into the City pie ? " Mr. Stephen Belwood, although so defective in the rudiments of his native language, was like Napoleon the Great, a splendid reader of char- acter. His father had made his fortune in the pawnshops and money-lending business. But he had not the broad and daring speculative abilities of his son. Content with sure and legitimate profits he had fought shy of that delirious mael- strom, the Stock Exchange. Like a certain Bishop, Belwood pere had seen no necessity for the know- ledge of grammar for his son, and Stephen was the result of this singular and mediteval cult. He believed, like the said progressive clerical, in facing only the actualities of life, i. e. , in his case, the knowledge of book-keeping and a good judg- ment in the art of valuing property. Belwood, senior, had found these accomplish- ments quite enough for his earthly wants there- fore why shouldn't they also serve for his son? He had not seen the necessity of keeping up a large establishment for the amusement of other people. A couple or so of rooms for the household purposes in one of his pawn-shops had been quite enough. As for trading in the Bull and Bear Market, he eschewed it as he did all other forms of gambling. If the fathers of children could be certain that only their own proclivities and aspira- tions would be transmitted to their offspring, then the learned and right reverend Bishop would be right in his desire to abolish all the elegant branches from public schools, and permit only the children of gentlemen to acquire those accomplish- ments. But as Nature has proved in so many instances, such as with Shakspere, Burns, Carlyle and the great host of illustrious sons of the lower classes, that neither the sires nor the Bishop can foretell what each pupil may become. We trust, therefore, that such sentiments will be received at their proper valuation, as abominable re-echoes from the dark ages. Stephen Belwood had chosen his secretary to supply his own deficiencies. In Mr. Richard Dickens he had secured a man specially adapted for the duties for which he was engaged. He was cultured, gentlemanly and faithful to the secrets of his chief, as far as his employer revealed himself. The chief knew exactly how much to reveal to his secretary. He would not, for instance, ask the assistance of this honourable gentleman in such shady transactions as this private business of the Duchess Valerie. This he intended to manage for himself. Mr. Richard Dickens also did not know anything about those businesses from which so much income was derived. He believed his chief to be concerned alone in the Stock Exchange. He also believed implicitly in his chief as a straightforward and honest man, according to the accepted code of the Stock Exchange. Of course, there are codes and codes of morality. The founder of the Goldenring family, when he followed the British Army to Waterloo and know- ing that Bonaparte was defeated, spread about the market that the British had lost the battle, might not have been accepted as a moral man by rigid advocates of truth or probity. But as he paid his calls when they were due, he was much respected in the commercial world. If a robber, or a pirate acts fairly to his partners, he is called an honest fellow by them. Richard Dickens would have repudiated his chief, had he suspected him of doing anything dishonour- able. Dicky, however, liked a game of poker, and therefore saw nothing wrong in keeping back certain private tips in order to secure a coup. It was only legitimate gambling. He had read the reports of Sir Lewis Eastlake on the Klondike mines, and admired his chief for his punctiliousness in hold- ing back his company from the public so long. He would not have blamed him if he had floated it, even with these discouraging reports. According to the venders, a great deal of gold had already been taken out of the test holes, and that was basis enough to start any company without being accused of fraud.

With the later reports, however, he considered his chief lacking in his usual enterprise in not coming forward sooner. They held the properties, and although, as yet, they had no independent reports, still they had a surer basis to work on than most companies had. The game of buying and selling shares does not depend upon the stock behind. All depends upon how the market is worked. People invest their money purely as a gamble. They purchase and sell, without a thought of what is behind. A company formed on the pur- chasing of land in Mars or Venus would have as much chance of being taken up by the British public, as this one formed on the purchase of gold mines in Klondike. Seldom had Stephen Belwood promoted a company on such a sure basis as this present one, therefore, Dickens seeing his chief grow dilatory about this, formed his own con- clusions. He sold as many shares as he could in other directions, and resolved to put all his spare cash into this one.

That day they spent together, reconstructing the prospectus. When Dicky heard that the Duchess Valerie had plunged so largely he was sure of his ground. He even remonstrated with his chief about issuing a prospectus at all. Why give the public such a splendid chance? "We have six months before us to work the affair," remarked his chief quietly. "I don't feel like risking too much of my own money until I ham quite sure. It will be easy to spread disparaging acounts about when we are sure it is hall right. Let's boom it now."

The prospectus was completed that night, and the company advertised in the papers the next day. They opened their list at ten o'clock and closed it the same night for London and the following day for the country. The preference shares they allotted to themselves, and the ordinary shares to the public. There was a wild rush to the bank appointed to take in the advances on the day the list was open. When the lists closed, they had sold the entire number of shares which they had to dispose, and had now their capital made up. It takes months to get ten or twenty pounds in for a charitable pur- pose. A couple of days are sufficient for the British public to shell out five or six hundred thousand pounds, where such generals as Stephen Belwood take the affair in hand.

The board of directors met on the appointed days and had the most expensive of lunches. There was 47 business to discuss because they were waiting. The first dividend would not be declared for the text eight months at least. Meantime a portion of the capital was expended in fitting out a steamship which had been already secured, and packing off engineers, workmen and plant. They did not spare expenses. There was no necessity. The secretary of Stephen Belwood superintended all the lunches and City banquet& He was a socially-inclined gourmand, and liked this Dart of the programme, which his chief did not. Stephen Belwood's habits were known. He did not shine either at conversation or at a feed. He sat through them gravely and sileitly, lifting the champagne-glass to his lips and seffing it down un- tasted. After these City convivialities he wonld drive home to his palatial residence, to find hie attractive wife entertaining a crowd of fashionable and millionaire guests. He passed through hie aorffeously furnished rooms. with the niseternienes

of modern art on tne waits cuosen tor mm by nil upholsterers, with a bashful air and a wan emits for the guests of his wife. Then, as soon as he tould, he would seek his own study, and there hayip a quiet cup of tea, while he marked down his day'll winnings in his private log hook. He had no friends, and no confidants. ITtE splendid-looking wife was as much a strangpr to him and his secrets as his secretary was. There was no nursery in that sumptuous house. He log a lone man, without principle, and liberated from all illusions.

He had been left money and the instructions to increase it from his father, and this alone stir ported him, for Nature had deprived him of the power of enjoying the good things of life. He vlso a physical wreck, without even the solace of self- respect. ' His vices gave him no pleasure. He spent* good deal on these vices, but he did not enjoi them.

Only one vice remained which gave him all satisfaction, and that he indulged in nightly. FBI pipe of opium. When his day's labour was over, he would prepare and smoke this drug until he fell asleep on the sofa. Then, when the :house was still, he would wak. up, crawl to his solitary bedroom, take his sleep° ing draught, and thus find oblivion. So passed the life of this solitary money spinner.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18990825_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIII.

lITEPHEN BELWOOD RECEIVES THE DUCHESS VALERIE AT

Ms CITY OFFICE.

Mr. Stephen Belwood was the proprietor of many branches of the financial profession. He also carried on these different branches under so many varied names, that it was extremely difficult to say whether he had any more right to that of Stephen Belwood than he had to the others.

In his City office and clubs, also about the Stock Exchange he was known as Mr. Stephen Belwood, company promoter and capitalist. He was a well- known figure in the City, and as a City man con- siderably respected; for he was keen and sure in his forecasts, and whatever he took up were considered to be sound investments.

He was chairman or director of a great number of companies about which there could be very little doubt as to their solidity, and genuine claims to being what they were represented. In fact, it had come to be taken for granted that the name of Stephen Belwood on the board was a sufficient guaranty for the respectability of that company. If stock was mentioned shareholders could depend upon what was printed being there. He met his calls ayith unvarying punctuality, therefore he was, according to Stock Exchange morality, a highly-respectable citizen. He was also generally successful in extracting gold from what- ever schemes he took in hand, and able to get out after the profits were extracted, without raising the suspicions of those braying watchdogs, the financial paper critics. People who dabble in shares ought to keep their eyes as closely as possible on the leaders and manipulators of the market. Other- wise they have no right to grumble if they have to 'pay instead of being paid. It is all a game of !speculation and duplicity. The City offices of this astute man of business were spacious and furnished regardless of expense. Doors, partitions, counters, tables, and other wood- work were of the most massive and solid polished mahogany, all richly carved. The windows were of the finest and strongest plate-glass, while the brasswork, plates, door handles and hin„ges were ornate, heavy, and kept in the highest state of lustre.

Every modern and commercial appliance was here at hand, while his clerks were all young and active men in the most approved condition of dudism. It appeared an easy and languid business, this company promoting, to anyone entering the outer ,office. The young dandies never appeared to be 'doing any harder work than reading the financial newspapers, picking their teeth, or trimming their nails. As a rule they were much more important and smug than their modest and somewhat wearied-looking chief. Occasionally, as these languid and fashionably- dressed young gentlemen sat on the morocco-covered, hair-stuffed chairs so gracefully killing, or appear- ing to kill, time, a visitor of the same order would drop in and shake hands. Then after a confidential whisper, they would either frown and nod, or else smile gently and nod. Sometimes one would rise, and putting on his silk hat, go forth with his visitor, to a neigh- bouring restaurant, where other Stock Exchange loungers were assembled. A bottle of champagne of extra quality would be ordered, and its merits discussed with other mysterious news. The contents of a goodly number of glasses of wine or cognac passed within those collars and fancy vests during the day, yet these young speculators did not appear to lose their mental balance or run short of cash at any time. True, they took their turn at the bar by relays, yet the news which they whispered must have required a deal of moisture. They invariably returned to the office, as sleek, smug and sedate as ever, no matter how often duty called them forth.

Doubtless these young gentlemen were of service to Mr. Stephen Belwood. as he was not the man to keep them for amusement. Older men when they have to drink so much are apt to get livery; then their consciences begin to prick them, and they find it difficult to lie with the misleading fluency of an innocent and fresh young Throgmortonite, who has not yet worn the coating off his stomach. In the West End Mr. Stephen Belwood had offices, not so sumptuously furnished as his City ones, yet substantially fitted also. There were the offices of "The Concord Discount and Mortgage Company." There was no Stephen Belwood on the brass plate of this estlblishment, but instead, in one corner, the name of the general manager, Walter Gordon.

He was modest about commencing his connection with this most lucrative business. No one except his employers knew that he was the entire com- pany. A few unfortunates, like Sir Lewis Eastlake, understood that he was connected with this firm in some way. They asked for his influence sometimes, and thought him a good fellow when they had their request granted. They considered him merely a shareholder, who sometimes went out of his way to oblige a friend. Partners he may have had, of course; very few capitalists would have carried on such an extensive money-lending business as this without having to borrow themselves. If so, however, they were even more completely hidden than he was from the general public of borrowers. In this business the clerk did not wear superfine attire, nor consume champagne and time in private bars. They dressed plainly, and from the hour they arrived in the morning till leaving off time at night they seldom lifted their heads from their ledgers. He had various other businesses, each of which bred money at the rate of twenty-five per cent, which were conducted by dlfferent managers and under various names. Over each signboard hung the significant three golden balls, that denote the poor man's bank. When visiting his West End establishment and his numerous pawnshops, Stephen Belwood dressed in his shabbiest overcoat and wore a slouch hat, which pretty well disguised him. He on these occasions slunk into the apartments of his managers by private ways, and conducted his business with great secrecy. Only his confidential assistants ever saw him on these occasions. To the ordinary shop- men and clerks he was an unknown personage. He owned a magnificent house in one of the fashionable suburbs, where his wife, a lady of more than ordinary attractions, dispensed her hospitalities on an extravagant scale. These entertainments furnished matter for the halfpenny papers, and kept up his reputation in the City. A company promoter must go in for ostentation and parade if he wishes to succeed.

But although the master of many menials, he never lost his abject and wearied manner. He slunk into his own mansion as he did into his City office, as if he had no real business in either of the places. While his clerks and guests feasted like aldermen, he contented himself with a nibble of biscuit and a glass of water. He seemed to have only one passion, and that was to make money. On the fourth day of January this remarkable man entered his City office fully an hour before his usual time. As he passed through the outer apart- ment, he nodded gravely to his subordinates and said apologetically: "I am expecting a lady here in a few moments. Do not keep her waiting when she comes, but shew her in at once." He went into his own sanctum, the walls of which were covered with maps and sections of maps. Those portions were the properties in which he had an interest were located, were specially coloured. On the table were piles of letters, papers and prospectuses. These he turned over with but little appearance of interest. One of the prospec- tuses, however, he took up and read through care- fully, being a proof which had just come from the printers. It was the prosectus of the "Klondike Moose Mining Company," which had not yet been issued to the public. He drew his pencil through the word "Klon- dike," and put " Yukon " instead. Then he went over to the latest published map of Alaska and the North West Territory and studied it closely. "Dickens is far too cautious and non-committing in his statements," he murmured reflectively. "We shall never strike fire with a prospectus like this. I'must 'aye it hall haltered.—Ah Good-morning to your grace." "Morning, Belwood," answered the Duchess Valerie, as she sailed forward, and took the seat, which he offered her with a bow. "I suppose we have perfect privacy here, Belwood ? No curtain listeners, or anything of that kind ? " "Rest assured habout that your grace; my ois'oesay 15 ricotta- solid."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV. A DIABOLICAL PLOT.

The Duchess Valerie, under the compliments and evident admiration of this renowned Stock Ex- change magnate, had recovered her courage. She became gracious and condescending, and even went so far as to open her seal-skin jacket and display an exquisite toilet underneath. A beautiful woman she was. One that few men could have looked upon, without yielding to the spell. Her present companion knew, however, that the only admiration she would receive from him, was the tribute which he had already paid to her mental qualities. He was well aware how utterly freezingly she would have crushed and snubbed him, had he dared to compliment her upon her personal charms. Knowing this he schooled him- self to be discreet.

"I must compliment you," she began suavely, "on the adroit manner in which you conducted affairs at Cherbourg. They could not possibly have been better managed." "I am 'appy to have pleased your Grace—so far," he replied quietly. "Yes, so jar, you have done admirably. But there is more yet to accomplish before I can depart satisfied for Klondyke. You can depend on your manager, Gordon, to carry out his contract, I trust ? "

"The liberality with which your Grace has treated him already, through me, with the promise of future independence, has made him a most devoted slave. Besides, lie tells me he has become sincerely attached to the girl, and will marry her after the divorce." _ _

The DucheFs frowned darkly, while a savage glare leaped from her fierce eyes. "No, I do not desire this sacrifice from him." She burst into a bitter laugh as she added: "Of course, if he wants Hope Eastlake, after she has had a term in prison as a convict, he may please himself. Yet I would prefer that ho leaves the country for Australia after he has given his evidence, and without her." "Do you wish her to be publicly arrested and charged with some crime—say, theft, for instance ? " He asked this question gravely, as if it were a matter of ordinary business. "Yes, and as soon as possible," answered the Duchess fiercely. "Can you manage this for me? I want to make it impossible for her ever to live with her husband again. I wish to separate her from her child and make her glad to say she is guilty for the sake of that brat. In fact, I must have her confession to take out to Sir Lewis East- lake with such clear evidence from outside authori- ties, that he will not pause to sue for a divorce. Do you comprehend me? Can you do this? " He pondered seriously for some minutes, sitting down opposite her and resting his chin on his palm, while he stared in front of him. Then he said:

"Yes, I think hit can be done." "Think?" repeated the Duchess scornfully. "Well, then, hit can be done, if you are williqg to pay the price ? " "I am willing, no matter ho % much it costa. What will it cost to accomplish all this within the next three weeks ? "

"I can't quite 57. ji)9t borf tlp- bat, your Girace, but it will We've bought Gordon airu he landlady and

her husl)and, pack out must c.).1,c,

for life and :,e others who ~1)A1 I think

• will work • :,;;ifing me to find het a "la ... • • ,-;):11s that a friend of in; .‘ , preeelltiti 111

===== 0002601_18990825_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRESENT WEATHER.

A TIMELY WARNING.

Tins summer weather is not an unmingled Lacking tee tonic, bracing effect, many people are posi- tively worse off than in seasons synen same precautiooe that we neglect just now could be taken. To the strong. summer is a pleasure : those in a weaker stite find 13 enervating if not positively injurious. The benefit of summer holidays might be greatly enohanced by a little care, A goad example is culled from the" Leeds Satur; day Journal." "I had te:n trailing about for two years. said a young married lady to one of the reporters, •'with httle strength, and was riuking day by day. I had pains in icy back and in my head, and when I went to 0 doctor he told tne I had a very weak tun. Whether I had eaten anything or nor, I had pains in my chest. Tile doctor said I should h taro to take great care of myself. Some metres ego," Mrs. Bell went on (her address is 19, Holborn-terrace, Woodhouse-street, Leeds)," a neighbaur got me to try a box of Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. After taking threo boxes I found groat benefit, and now I scarcely ever feel any pain." Mrs. Bell's mother-in-law interrupted, to remark that when her daughter felt a recurrence of the pain a dose of the pills soon removed the suffering. Mrs. Bell had gsined a good deal of weight. It is when the general health is feeble, or the digestion (as in this case) poor, teat summer is a trial, and Mrs; Bell's plan indicates the right remedy. Dr. Williamo pink pills, on a summer holiday, will multiply the hese- fits of change of air. They have been found by many rapid reuleiy for indigestion ; they give strength and tone to the system and remove the relaxing. effects ?f the weather. They have, of course, cured many ail- ments besides mere debility, such as St. Vitus' dance. rheumatism, consumption, and paralysis. They ino9 be obtained fr m chemists or from Dr. Williams' Medi- cine Company, Holb3rn Viadect, London, post free at two shillings and ninepence a box, or thirteen and nine for six boxes.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO A QUOITING MATCH.

A WARRINGTON PUBLICAY'S BET.

At the Borough Police Court on Friday before Alderman H. hoberts(in the chair),and other magis" trates, Thome- Jackson,of the Rose beerhouse, Dial street, was charged with stealing 5s in money from William Ackers, 126, Forge-lane, Bradford, Man- chester. Mr. Brawn appeared for the defendant. The prosecutor said that on the 29z,h of last month there was a quoiting match on some land bY the Manx Arms. He was present at the match, and saw defendant. The two men playing were a War- rington man and a man named Ashton, from Brad- ford. At the time when the Warrington man's score was 28 anl the Bradford man's score was I`3, defendant said he would lay 20 to one against the Bradford man. Prosecutor put 5s with him. Later in the game the score was 38 all. Jackson then went away. The game resulted iu a win for Ashton by one point. Cross-examined: Defendant wanted fo say he was drunk when he made the bet. lie did not know that he could not recover the moneY in the County Court.—Mr. Browne : Is not that the reason you have coins here to try and extort money from us? Did you not say last night that you would take 558 ?—Prosecutor: I said I could not kettle. I did not say I had paid £3 103 for a lawyer and would bring four witnesses.--• Mr. Browne produced a letter, which prozecutor admitted had been writtai on his behalf.-- Prosecutor : I don't say that defendant stole the money. It was the Magistrates' Clerk who said so. Stephen Ashton, 175, Ashton New-road, Brad' ford, Manshester, said ha finished a quoit match at Warrington for .C2O a side. His other evidence was of a corroborative nature.—Mr. Browne after questioning the witness, said prosecutor wanted to make the Police Court a place in which to recover his money. Alexander Goodall, formerly living at the Jocks!' Bridge, gave evidence.—James Grayney, BXBCr ford. Manchester, said he saw Ackers give Jack- son ss. Mr Browne said he did not know whether he need_ trouble the Bench by addressing them. if theY were going to try every paltry betting dispute sao,ll as this was—The Chairman : If you can Batisll us that Ackers did not pay 5s as a deposit for a hSt„ that will do. That is the point before us.--31, Browne : It is not really. The question is whethe: Jackman stole the money.—The Chairman said theci supposing Ackers had deposited the money Jackson did not return it, unless he had some Per„ fectly good reason there was a very strong ease bv answer.—Mr Browne said they had three Ole whom they knew nothing about giving this 01. dance, and they had Mr Jackson, a licensee of the town, who would say he never saw the men bac° Monday night. Mr Jackson had persistently re" fused to pay until they tried to blackmail bita.":„ The Chairman: Why should Jackson attempt compromise if be was sure he bad made no bet Mr Browne said he did not want to come isw„ court. If there was a conviction it would Ines" the forfeiture of his license. Were thela going to forfeit a man's license for paltry bet of ss. which he disputed IThe Chairman: The license is a mere incident. "d have to find whether the money was deposited's% if so why it was not returned.—Mr. Browne sal, that Ackers could not recover in a County Conri; His only means was to come there and say tl3, se Jackson had stolen the money. Would a man Mr. Jackson have the slightest intention of stert; ing ss? He could not be regarded as a welsher, his address was perfectly well known. Prosecut° himself said he did not steal the money. the Defendant, sworn, stated that he was at -Ad match, but did not make a bet with Ackers, not (05 he receive 53 from him. When the match Oa partly over he (defendant) left to go to businos' He offered Ackers lOs and afterwards .C 2 to settle' Ackers wanted 55s to The Chairman: You offered this moneY square a claim which is absolutely untrue, iillo although you had a witness with yoll knew you did not make a bet ?—Defendant: Teti, James Tilley, rope and twine maker, 12, Genetit, street, gave evidence for the defence.—The Chsose man said that Jackson had had a very Darr 80 escape. The Bench were quite satisfied he had be,., paid the money and had not returned it, but th"t de were not willing to find him guilty of felony. 03 isA those circumstances' they were bound to disints, the case. They thought he ought to pay the cos He had had an exceedingly narrow escape' —es%

ery for SECOND HAND CYCLES, LARGE QUANT.' yor- SALE or HIRI3,—J, S. GARLAND. Bridge-street. rington,—Advt, W. T. WILLIAms' SALE is novr proceeding. m,",„uses. Mantles, Dresses. Silks. Prints, Muslins. "`",es. Shirts, Ties, Sunshades. Ac., at greatly reduced Pr 74. SANKEY-STREET, WRlTingtoll.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990825_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WH _ Black to move and win.

SOLVERS LEST.

Previous Problem Total score. No 45. Pts. S Tavlin, Warrington ..... ....... 66 2 68 J Lee, Warrington ....... ............ 56 2 58 W Rigby, Warrington 54 2 56 W Hewitt, Warrington ....-...... 52 2 54 E Donaghy, Padgate - 48 2 50 11 Powell, Warrington 44 2 46 T P Forbes. Warrington .- E Ogden, Warrington.......... ..... G Rowe, Warrington ..... .....- 34 2 36 T Rickers, W arringtou 34 2 36 W Massey,Warrington J J Paden, Warrington . 30 2 32 W Darlington, Penketh 3O 2 32 J Green, Warrington 3O 30 J Evans,Warrington A Rutter, Warrington 2B 28 S Albiuson, Stockton Heath 24 24 A Banner, Warrington "E J P" Warrington lB 2 20 W E Kean. Warrington-- ..... - 16 16 "C P," Warrington l2 2 14 G Lowe, Warrington F Wright. Warrington _

R Grieve, Warrington ..... 2 R Mercer. Padgate J Ross, Penketh 2

NOTlCE—Solvers who become entitled to a prize 111 this competition can, if they desire, have . any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of ss, instead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we may state that we offar a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head o. the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if he chooses, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction.

Intenling competitors may commence at any time.

GAME. "OLD FOURTEENTH."

By Mr. ROBERT BAIRD,. Australia, in "Draughts

World."

11-; 23-: 8-: 22-: 4-

15 28-24 15-22 -19 8-11 39-25 -11 26-23 5- 9 -17 3- 8 25-18 .8 23-14 1-5

-31-27(c) 9-18 10— 5 22-9,6 23-14 14—la 29 - 25 6 9 27-23 26-30 13 —l6 18-27 25-21 2-18 32-23

17-13 9-18 I?-14(A) 3-6.-25 19 -15 6- 9 15-18 21-17 10 17 21-17(E) 21-14 23-19 24-20 18-22 27-23 25-21 15-10 9-13 11-15 25-18 17 -22 13) 18-14 11-15 B wins (A) Losing move ; 32-26 draws by my var. 1. (B) Corrects " Kear's Sturges," in Old Fourteenth, Tar. 36 (B) from an old MS. in Bootle's possession, at 7th move. where 9-14 is given. then 18-9. 5-14. 31-26. 17-21, 32-28, 14-17, 19-16, 12-19. 23 -16, 7-10.--Drawn. (c) 32-27 (D). 9-14, 18-9. 5-14, 20-16, 11 - 20, 19-15, 14-18, 23-14, 22-25. 29-22, 7-10, 14-7. 2-25-B wins. (n) 32-28, 9-14. 18-9, 5-14, 29-25, 22-29, 31-26, 29-25. 19-18,13-19. 25-13, 8-12-13 wius. (E) 32-28. 9-14. 18-9, 5-14-B wins. (1) 31-26 32 -28 19-15 15-10 18-14 6- 2 9-14 14-17 (2) 9-13 7-14 12-16 8-12 18- 9 23-18 (5) 26-23 18- 9 9- 6 28-24 5-21 6- 9 21-25 2-31 16-19 27-23 13- 6 29-22 23 -18 21-15 Drawn. 10-14 2- 9 17-26 31-27 11-18 (F) Corrects same var.. at 14th move, where 19-16 is given, then 12-19, 23- 16, 7-10, and drawn, but 8-12 in- stead or 7-19 wins for Black. (2) 7-10 26-23 14-17 11- 7 27-20 15-19 19-56 11 -15 16-11 26-31 9- 6 27-32 12-19 23-19(G) 21 -25 7-- 2 15-24 23- 7 8-12 29-22 31 -2 I 6-15 Drawn 2 -11 20-16 17-23 2- 9 24-21 (a) 24-19, 15-2), 23-19, 8-12. 20-16, 10-15, 19-1, 12-23-Drawn.

The proppsed Campbell v. Gardner match for the blindfold championship seems no nearer an arrange- ment than at first. In last Saturday's " Herald Gardner replies to Campbell's contention for one game at a time only, and points out that in the lat- ter's match with Mclielvie, in 1888, it was agreed to contest six games, simultaneously, out of a total of 28 Gardner gives a review in extenso of this match, and some curious points are brought to light. Finally, Gardner asks the pertinent question—" Will Mr. Campbell explain why he is so reluctant to play simultaneously? Is it that he has not the same confidence as be had in 1888, when there was no one able to test him ?” "He has given an argument," cpntinues Gardner," against the reason- ableness of six simultaneous games, but rather by

===== 0002601_18990825_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBALCCONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Guid 269 pages) 3d. Tobacco-lists' Outficting '3o. 186. Huston-road ondon, Hairdressers fitted —llanager, H. tVIYERi. Advt.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
his challenge (to Mclislvie) supports thitt number therefore I must press him for a different answer to hie last." It is time the aff lir was s ttled ; the public are get.inz sick o! it. Tat:, LIV3RPO3f. CiIAUANGE.

H. Morrall write--"No tournament for the Liverp3ol championship haying been held for the past three years, and there being ni sign of one taking place, I,the undersigned,do hereby challenge A. Cflifl, the present holder, to a match of 20 games restricted ; or twelve unrastric•;ed and eight re- striated games. In the restricted games, each player in turn to nominate an opening. he match to be for a substantial stake and the championship of Liverpol. If this challenge is not taken up within six wesks from date I shall claim the title, and defend i against all comers.—ll. Morrall."— " Liverpo,l Mercury."

We u u.Nrstand that t9e uaeltinz of the Warring- ton and Ilistrict Jraughl.3 League, which was to have taken place on Monday evening next hat, been postponed unil the 4th of September. The prin- cipal business of the meeting will be the present I- lion of the Chalmers' Cup and medals to the winning club i.e Ciira-street D.C. The meeting will take place in the Cairo-street schoolroom at 8 p.m. am= - . The small diagramilwil ‘• 4.44, la 4 blto • t,z 11/„%.`,'", ena e our readers a , understand the notation by u 0,-, which the moves of the "or game are recorded. Black oc,_upies the squares num- jra,-cirlat bered 1 to 12 and white ;"' those numbered 21 to 32. -.1111/4ellri ,/rrl, The figures thus (11-15) • ••->`• 1161 lA/ indicate that a move is 21 /4-1:11,><ZION311, ;0., made from and to the • squares so aumbered.Black a has the opening move and a fr;; ,/ -; the pairs of figures applyEr• alternately to Black and '(-v White to the close.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWEL DISORDERS

Antiseptic, soothing, healing, ANGIER'S PETRO- LEUM EMULSION is of special value in disorders of the stomach and bowels. It checks fermenta- tion, cleanses away foul mucus, soothes and heals inflammation, and leaves the digestive organs in a healthy condition to perform their functions naturally. Medical men prescribe it for Chronic Indigestion, Gastric Catarrh and Ulcer, Chronic Diarrhcea and Dysentery, etc.; also for all wasting diseases of children.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGIER'S Petroleum EMULSION is pleasant to take, and even in the hottest weather agrees with the most delicate stomach. CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum . . . . . .

Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained from particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S.

A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage. The A ngier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCA.SHIRE RIFLE ASSOCIATION.

PRIZE MEETING AT ALTCAR.

On Friday last, in connection with the thirty-niath annual meeting of the Couety of ncaster Rifle Asso- elation, the annual prize meeting was held. Toe events decided were the All Comers, the Legh Challenge Cup, the Tilney Challenge Prize, the B trlo v, the Barrow Cup, and the Council. The first contest to be decided was the ',eel' competition, open tl Cficient volunteers of Lana- shire and Cheshire and in connection with which forty prizes were off -!red ranging from £7 down to £l. This cup being, a challenge one is onto held from year to year, and mu't be won three times by the sameperson before will become his absolute pr operty. The ranges wer4oo and 600 yards,seven shotq at each distance. There were 194 entrie., as against 1991,151 year. Foar compe'itors in this centeet succeeled in making a score of 68 out of a possible 70. At both ranges Sergeant C. W. Cable, of Noweaatle, and Private J. Dean. 3rd Liverpool (Formby Company), scored 33 and 35 each. As the former finished with a bell at 200 yards, against an inner made by Dean, he was awarded the premier priz), £7. bat prevented from taking the cup on account of not being a member of the volunteer regiment in Lancashire or Cheshire. To settle the mattee, it was decided that the three next hest scorers—Captain F. White, Private J. Dean and Sergeant Sheonard—,hould fire three shots each at 600 yards. In shooting eft the tie White made 9, against 8 scored b 7 Dean and 7 by She3pard. The The firar-natnei was censequent7 declared the winnsr. Details : LEGEi CHALLENGE CUP. 230 6)0 To- yds. yds. tat. £7. Sere OW Cshle Newcastle RN. ... 33 ... 35 ... 63

(51.Vp-&--ii,-Ca-p..TC—Viriite72;l-S-.La.nes- 34 ... 34 ... 68 £3, Sargt. C wSheppharrl Ist Cheshiri 34 ... 34 ... 63 £3, Sergt-T.qt Biltior, 2nd S Lincashire 32 ... 35 ... 67 £2, Corp' F A Loakte, 2nd S Lines £2, SergeaA J Tunstall, Ist 8 Lines. 33 ... 33 ... 66 £2, Private If Pemberton, let Ch.shire 34 ... 32 ... 66

Winners ot 21 Q-M S. J Smith. 3rd Cheshire.. Corporal J Gorst, 2nd Cheshire Corporal Iti WGill. 2nd S Lancashire 33_ ... 33 ... 63

===== 0002601_18990825_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
BARROW CHALLENGE CUP.

- - - Presented by Sir James Ramsden, Kt.. for competition by company teams of five men, WI:10 MUSt have been returned as efficient in the last annual return of the nompanY they represent, The Cup.—" A" Company, 2nd V. 15.. Liverpool, 315.

--- THR COUNCIL. 503 yds. £3, Private IP Williams. 2nd Cheshire £3, Private H Pemberton. let Cheshire.. £l. Staff• Sergeant .1 J Marr. let Cheshire £l, Sergeant D Gamble, 2nd South Lancashire 34 £l, Corporal J If Simeock. 2nd Cheshire £l, Lance-Sergeant W Stoddirt let Cheshire 34 ALL COMERS. 200 508 630 To- yds yds yds tal. £lO. Col-Sergt. J. H Swift. sth Manchester M 32 33-103 £7. Private 0e )rge Sillery, 4th Liverpool... 35 41 34 —l3O £5. Private J W Munro. 3rd Liverpool

Winners of '£2. Private H Pemberton, Ist Cheshire 29 34 32 95 Private W M-Cubbon. Ist Cheshire ft Kelead. Ist North Staffordshire 32 33 33 95 Corporal J H Simcocir, 2nd Cheahlre... Winners of EL Lieut. F J West, 2nd South Lancashire 29 32 33 94 Sete. D Gamble. End South Lancashire Captain P White, 2nd South Lancashire Lance-Sergt. K liforbury, 2nd South Lanes 33 33 32 —92 Colour-Sergt J Brown, sth Cheshire

TRH BARLOW. Ties£4, Private Cii- F Douglas 2nd Manchester I 1 £4, Staff-Sergt W Bishop, Ist West Surrey Winners of £l. Lance-Sergeant W Stoddart, Ist Cheshire 49 Corporal J H iiincock . 2nd Cheshire .. Colour-.ergeant J Brown, sth Cheshire Sergeant D Gamble, 2nd South Lancashire 4B Staff-Sergeant 4 Wrigley, sth Manchester Lieutenant F J West, 2nd South Lancashire_ 47

PROOSSDI&fkI. The concluding day's shooting at Altcar on Saturday,. opened with the "Lord-lieutenant's" punctually at nine son Stage 500 600 To- First yds. yds. tat. Quarter-Sergeant It L Keating Ist Liver- pool, cup and £5O • 103 47 47 194 Quarter-sergeant, 1 B Wilkinson 4th Liverpool, 220 93 47 48 193 Quarter-sergeant T C ArCay 2nd Liver- pool. £lO Staff sergeant C W Wattieworth, 2nd Liverp 30 I, £8 97 50 46 193 Staff-sergeant W B Skinner, 2nd Liver- p001. £7 Captain P White. 2nd S Lane. £2 93 50 44 187 Corporal T A Lockic. 2nd 5 Lane., £2 Sergeant J Tunstall, Ist S Lane.. £2.... Srgt-instructor W Butler, 2nd S Lanc..22 100 42 42 184 Winners of £1 each.

Lance sergt,R Norbury.2nd S Lancashire 31 33 28 92 Sergeaat U Junior, 2nd S Ltneashire Captain B Fairciough. Ist S Laneashire Lieutenant F J West, 2n,1. 5 Pmcasiiird

GRAND AGG ttEGATR PRIM. CHALLENGE CUE% VALUE 6) GUINEAS. TEN GRAND AGGREGATN, BADGES AND £35. Grand total. Pte. J Dean, .rd Liverpool cup medal and bide. £5 339 Capt. F White, 2nd S. Lane., bsclge, bar, and £ 332 Co-pl. T A. Lockie. 2nd S. Lan., badgs, aud 21 329 Sergt. J Tonstall. Ist S. Lancashire £1 THE MFiINIBSRS' (VALUE £6)) Lancs-Sergeant R W Harrison. Ist Cheshire, £' Corporal J Winstantev, Ist C. and C.Y A. £1 Corporal J H dime ,ck 2nd Cheshire. £1 Private F Williams. 2nd Cheshire £1 Quartermaster-Sergeant J Smith. 3rd Ohe,hire, El 45 Lieutenant FJ West, 2nd South Lancashire, £1 Lance-sergea.nt R Norbary. 2nd South Lancashire. £1 THR " GAMBLE " (VALUiI £4O). VOLLEY FIRING PRIZES.

En presentel by Colonel Sir David Gamble, Bart.. C. 8., VA) , and 260 added by th, association. Open to battalion teams of elilit men ; commanded by an officer or non-com- missioned officer from the same battalion. Seven valleys at £5OO yards (kneeling) et figu e targets ; completed in a minute and a quarter ; cieducrions not ex:: e iitig five for had volleys. !kn. Winners of prizes were : Total

hits. let V B Liverpool (Ist team), £lO 2nd V V Liverpool (2nd team), a 4l 2nd V B Liverpool (18t team), £6 2nd V B Manchester (2nd team), £5 4th V B Liverpool. £4 2nd V B South Lancashire (2nd team). .C 3 36 2nd V B south Lancashire (let team), 23 36 2nd V B Manchester (let team), £2

===== 0002601_18990825_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.

DUTTON HALL. A. UNIQUE AND INTERESTING RELIC.

Within a comparatively easy distance of Li ver- pool, about midway between Runcorn and North- wic'n, standing a little back from the main road betw-en those towns, on a gentle eminence com- manding a lovely prospect of the valley of the Weaver, stands Dutton flail, a flue fragment of six- teenth cen3ury architecture.which in many respects is unique The east quadrangle of the hall or manor now only is standing, presenting a semewhat irregular front of black and white, having four pointed gables in timber and plaster, each differing in size and pitch of roof. The bleck oak transverse beams forming the upper elevation of the porch are richly and elaborately carved with fanciful arabesque devices enclosing the letters "SPDK" and " P J " tied together with a true lovers' knot. Immediately over the doorway, boldly carved in Old English characters, we read the legen I ;—"Syr Peyre Dutto3, Knight, L3rde of Dutton, and my lathe dame Julian, dc wiff,made this hall and buvld- ing in the yere of our Lord God a MCCL:COXIAJ, Who thanketh Go lof all." Immediately behind,in- side the perch,but on the main wall of the building is a portion of another carved inscription, " who thanketh God of all . . . . XXXIX.." pointing to the conclusion that the building of the hall pre- ceded the addition and erection of its porch by three years. The outer doorway of the timbered porch is an adaptation of the Tudor arch, having weE-defined mouldings and pilasters, with cppitals of carved human heads, while the overhang- ing transverse beam forming the cornice is supported by a grotesque of the gargoyle type on one side, and a human head on the other. The door within the porsh, app trently the original one, is several feet in width, and of dart oak, studded with nails and hung with wrought iron hinges, extending its whole wilth, terminating in flew- le-is. Its inner fastening is a haze wooden bolt. In the centre of the door is a smaller one, also similarly studded, hav- ing a wrought iron ring latch, this smaller door being intended as the usual and more carefully guarded entrance. The large panel door is divided into s:x ver- tical panels, the upper portion of each terminating in geemettic ornarnentatioe, above which are smaller panels similarly treated. The two centre panels contain some ancient stained glass. Over the door is a fine pair of spreading antlers are displayed, and on each side of the door are carved woolen pilasters, each surmeunted by a heraldic shield on which are emblazoned the arms ef Dutton and Hatton quarterly, these again being rur- mounted by a helmet and crest having two griphons, parted per fesse, Or and Azure, as supporters. On the pilasters are other carved figures holding a garter and a union rose. Under one shield is a handsome carved wreath encircling the sacred monogram," 1.F1.5;" while under the other is a curious carving representative of the Crown of Thorns encircling other devices symbolic of the five wounds of Cnrist• On the right hand of the entrance hall opened out the buttery and other offices, as in college halls. This portion is evidently of very early date, and c sntaies the main dpyrrooms, whie on the left of the entranee hall is the great hall, forty feet long by twenty feet wide. This once noble apartment was open from floor to ro and was divided from the entrance hall by a screen having pilasters with carved oetaeonal capitals, each apparently consisting of a tree trunk, rising from base to ceiling. Other similar pilasters run up the sides of the hall at regular distances, supporting a coved ceilingeand running all round its fri-ze is an inscriptioe carved in ornamental black letter, detailins the peculiar circum- stances which tee building of this handsome apartment was intended to commemorate. On one side of the hall is a huge fireplace, originally capacious enough in which to roast the traditional ox, and at each side is a cup- board, in which was stored the logs to feed the huge fire Owing to the adaptation of Dutton Hell as a farm- stead,the magnificent ball has undergone material al tera- tiors,the front walls having been taken out and rep!acPd with brick, though they are coloured in panels and bands of black and white, in accord with the more primitive structure, and somewhat mean windows have taken the place of tlsose originally giving light to the hall. Floors have been put in so as to form two storeys, and intersecting walls divide the upper portions in several apertments, almost entirely obscur- ing its fine and unique architectural features. These alterations have broeen up the carved ornamental in- scripture running roiled the covered ceiline into fra- mentary portions,qius making it exceedingly difficult to decipher. Of the history of the "Lerdas of Dutton " much might be written. The fortunes of the family have been closely ant winel with the history of the county, and its con- nection with the national life of the count:.7 since the days of the Nermen Conquest, it not from earlier Saxon times, but as this sketch is only intended to have especial reference to the " hall an 1 buyldyi tee" all else must perforce be omitted, except so far as it is neces- sary and incident thereto. Lawrence Dutton, the seventeenth .Lord of Dutton in succession from the Concoest, was but two years of age on the deatheof his father, Roger, in the year 1476. He was of a retiring disposition, unlike many of his ances- tors in not intertnedclline in the national or political issues of the period. He was ef the estate of an esquire, and spent his time in superintending and exteneing the family estate. He married a daughter of Robert Ducken- field of Duckenfield, in Cheshire. He had a fairly numerous family of sons and daughters, all of whom are statei to have been illegitimate, though in his will he made a special provision of five hundred marks as a marriage dowry for his two " mulier doughtours." As was n-,t infrequently the custom, all his sons and daugh- ters seem to have been included in the home circle, and between him and his son John there was evidently a close bond of warm affection, intimate buiiness rela- tions, and implieit confidence. Lawrence, a year or two before his death, knowing that his son John could not succeed him in the possesQion of the family estates, made special provision for him by deed of gift, convey- ing to him "the rnessuage in Preston nigh Dsresbury, called the New Mannor, for his life, and also his estate at Ouston, and all his purchased lands in Cheshire." As further showing ifs implicit trust in his integrity of character he appointed John his execu- or, though this office carried with it the sad and onerons duty of venting the hall and estate of Dutton in" Sir Pews Dutton, Knyght, as next ryght heyer male, in default of issue, as appereth by my old eve,- dences humbly beseeching him for tree Recta love he hatch born unto me in liff, that it please hvm to see this my present will in all things performed." His body he direc- ted to be" enterred amongs other ray ancestoures in the chapel of our blessed Lady within the monastery of Norton." John did not Iye to see the ball and estate vested in Sir Piers, far immediately a fierce contention arose anrnest the now numerous branches of the Dutton family as to whether the estate was an entailed estate in the main line only. John's death occurring some time before the terminatien of the dispute, his own life estate passed to Sir Piers in the final settlement. Sir Piers at once entered into possession and occupa- tion of the ancestral Hall of the Duttons, and in jubilant commemoration at once set about its renova- tion and enlargement, building the unique apart- ment described in the earlier portion of this sketch as an addition to the old hall " adioyn- ing it unto the domestic chapel, and so making it as one continued building, before which time the old hause stood a little distance from the chappel aforesaid." On the completion of the new hall, he carved under the edge of the coved c-iling in ornamental character s run- ning all round the hall, the record of his victory. "In the thirtieth yeare of lays most gracious majesty this hall and all the chambers adj titling were male and fin- ished anno domini 1539 by the special . . . of Syr Peyrs Dutton, Knight.and dame Julian, his will . . . after long suite made by the heiress general of the Dut- tons against Sir Piers Dutton then of Hatton, Knight. and now owner of this house and Hatton, both depend- ing continually before all the nobility of the King's Most Honourable Council and all the judges of this realme. By the space of seven years an! more the same Sir Piers was approved heyree male and right inhert- tour ot this house and all Dutton lands, and so adjudged by the right honourable award of the most famous Prince King Henry the VIII. under his broad male." As the richly-ornamented porch, which is so unique an en- trance to the hall, bears the date 1512, it is evident that it was added subsequently. In the light of the procei- ing.it is at least a somewhat remarkable fact that n 1536, about twelve months after the final settlement of the e Act of Parliament Sir Hers should be fa°lle nut dt° nb actively engaged in carrying out tile King's c m - mends in the dissolution of the Cheshire monast especially in the spoliation of the "A.bbie of Norton," as recorded by Sir Peter Leycester, although such work would almQst of necessity involve the desecration N Sir Lawrence's tomb, placed there a short nine year's be- fore, and from whose will he was supposei to derive his title to Dutton Hall and eatataa. Another local historian thus writes :—" The progress of the dissolu- tion of the Cheshire menas'eri ,s appears to have been almost wholly confided to Sir Piers Dutton, a profligate minion of the Court, and to subordinate agents nearly as unprincipled, and the most unjustifiable intrigue was reorted to in procerine the surrender of the abbey lands, and the mist wasteful prilusion in the regrant- ing of them." Advantage was taken of the cemnletion of the hall in 1539 to celebrate with due local pomp and pride a double domestic felicity in the farndy of Sir Piers —'hat of the marriage of two of his daughters. From the Conquest to the year 1656, a period of 600 years, a Dutton succeeded a Dutton as its resident lord. but now Dutton Halt is, like so many other memorials of a past social condition, a farmstead. Its present res- pected occupant, Mr. Thomas Baxter, C.C., and his family have, with reverent hands, loving care, and judi- cious taste, removed many of its incongruous utilitarian disfigurements, which for a lengthened period have hid- den its distinctive characteristics, and by skilful restor- ation have re-discovered and preserved a relic of the past which to antiquarian, historian, and those of lesser lore must always possess a unique and lasting interest - • " Liverpool Daily Post."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN MINISTERIAL CHANGES AT NARAINGrom.

TEIE REV. G. FIA.RBOTTLE'S FAREWELL,

At B )ld-s:reet Weibyarl Cnap3l, Warriagson, on Suisday evening the Rev. W. Potts, the superin- tendent of the circuit, bade farewell of his congregatioa, and made feeliog reference to his stay in Warrington. On the following da; he depart 'd Llandudno where he will be stationed for tha next three years. Tile Rev. G. Hari) attle who is proceeding to Leicester also preached his farewell on Sand ay in Bews3y- road Wesleyan Caapel. He based his discourse on the text" Tiers be many that Ray, woo wel shew us any good ? Lord, lift thou up the light of Thy countenance upon us." Psalm IV. v. 6. He referred to the cause and cure oC pessimism, and at the close of his remarks said a 3 tha•; was the last service of his term of ministry amongst tnean it was fitting that he snoul.l mike a few remarks on tne suojact. There were many things in his mind that it would be impa3sible far him to sneak upon because they touched him too deeply. They would understood that it was with mingled feelings he reviewed one's life at the close of a three year's term. Things that one had d ane one fell; might, have been better done. Many a thing rose upon one's mitid as a possibility in quiet hours of thought but a kind of un- belief hindered one from attemp-ing therm Mach that , had been done one felt might have been better done, and in the light of possibilities of one's life there was : a natural regret in the review of a three years' term of service. With regard to the congregation itself no man could have had more sympathy, m ire loyalty and a more generous spirit extended to him. He could not recall as he stood there anything that had been said or done to him that the remembrance ef in after years would give him pain. There were special times that he should never forget when he was wonderfully sustained 'an l supported by the sympathy and help of the congre- gation. Be had always felt a great intereat in the young, and in the work connected with, the guild. He wished to express the hops that the younger portion of the congregation would feel that that place was a home to them in which they took a pride and pleasure, and would even be moved to offer a prayer that God's blessing might come upon it. This tri-ennial uprooting of a man ; this breaking of tender bonds was trying in many ways but as he had pointed out in the sermon en° answer that religion made to the question " Who will show.usjany good " was the answer given in the truth of immortality. Tnere was no better satisfac- tion in this life than came out of the love and affection of p.ople for one another, A love and affection whicn he had had a large share of in connection with that con- gregation. Triers was a great and blessed hope of meeting in another life where there would be no parting but where they would be ever with the Lord. The choir gave an excellent interpretation of tne anthem "Jesus Priceless Treasure " (Dr. Roberts) the solo parts being taken by Mrs. Stone and Mr. Baker.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING PRESENTATIONS.

There was a pleaeaet gathering in the Band Room con- nected with Bewsey-road Wesleyan Chapel on Menday evening when a sock! gathering of members of the guild and friends was held, and interesting presenta- tions made. The chair was tam by the Rv. G.:Har- bottle, who expressed his delight at seeing such a large gathering present. He had been chinking that he in- herited a spirit of pessimism, but nevertheless he had never carried any pessimiem into hi i teaching of re- ligion, and though he had felt downheart el he had always teoueht lc was his business to speak as hopefully and enthusiastically as he could. A solo entitled "rho Tryscing Tree" was then sung by Mr. Baker ; after which Mess. FURNESS stepped forward to make a presentation ,0F al album containing the partraite of the members of the Ledie,' Class to Mrs. Harbottle. In doing so she said it had not been an easy matter for Mrs. Eiarbottle to lead a class such as theirs. But she had been more than a leader to them; she had been their friend. (Hear, hear.) They would all miss her and their minister also. Whilst regretting their removal, they hoped their IOS3 at Bewsev-road would be toe gain of friends at Leicester. In slieht recognition of Mrs. Harbottle's kindness the members asked her to accept 'the album with their pbetegraphs inside. They hoped that the present they had ceosen would meet with her aporeval. (applause.) Mrs. HARBOTTLE, who had a cordial receptionoaid she 'was very mach touched by the kind appreciation which had been shown for her servicls. That was the first iatimation she had had of the present, and she did not think they could have chosen anything which would have been more acceptable. She was very much obliged to thorn for it and she was sure Mrs. Furness had given her greater credit than she deserved. She had not done as much as she would have liked, but she greatly appre- ciated the kindness which had been shown to her, and she shoiald leave Warrington with a sorrowfu heart. Teat day was the anniversary of her wedding, she having been married 22 years. She hoped the recognition of her services that night would encourage , her to do more to help God's cause. Whenever she looked at that album it would bring very many precious seasons to her mind. The members of the class had shown a Christian spirit at all times. and she hoped that in eche future they would have a much better leader than she had been. Sh again thanked them and hoped that God would bless them and help them. (Applause). MISS GERTIE SHAW GREEN at this stage of the pro- ceedings gave a careful interpretation of a piece by Sir H. Parry on the violin. Mr. PARKINSON teen asked Mr. J. W. Havwarcl, J.P., to make a presentation of a writing cebin t to the. Rev. G: Harbottle, on behalf of the church. He remarked that the present had been subscribed by every member of the churcn. He looked upen it as a gift from the en- tire church. _(Applause).

• . Mr. J. W. HAYWARD th • c 'urge of his remarks re- ferred b Mr. Harbottle's ability as a preacher, and said that his sermons always bore evidence of careful thought and preparation. fie always told them sentething which was worth listening to. Then he (Mr. Hayward) appre- ciated him much for his gentlemanly qualities. Mr. Harbottle had always been a gentleman amongst them. He never passed a workingmen connected with them however ragged his clothes might be without acknow- ledging him. Mr. Harbottle had a heart to sympathise With the "horny-handed sons of toil." Be had ever been a welcome visitor wherever sorrow had been and had breueht comfor; aed ceneolatioe to the hears the afflicted and bereaved ones. As a worker in the Sunday school they bad not had such a helper in Sunday school work since the Rev Agar Beet. (Hear, hear.)Mr. Harbottle hal been to their Silver-street school as eften as it was posible and sometimes he must have come at some sacrifice to his comfort. They now wished him God speed and coneratiVated him upon the sphere of labour to which he had been called. Mr. Harbottle was going to Leicester and those who knew him would admit that he was the man for such a town. There they wanted men who would p t the Christian truth before them with logical reasoning and he did not know anyone better valified t do it thaa Mr. Harbettle.(Hear,hear.) There were six Wesleyan rnieistere at Leicesier and Mr. Harbottle would take the second place amongst them. Tney prayed that the God to whom he had yielded his heart and service might bless him abundantly and make him a blessing to others. He would now ask Mr. Bar- bottle to accept the present which was a spontaneous offering from members of the church. (Applause.) The Rev. G. HARBOTTLE had a hearty reception on rising to respond. He said his wife had already told them that it was their wedding day, and he regarded it as a happy omen for him and his wife that that meeting should have been held on that day. Future anniversaries of their wedding day would call uo at once the faces present at that meeting. He hoped the best side of life was still to come. A. :ban ought to be married once ;it taught him so much. (Laughter.) He had been mar- ried 22 years and yet that seemed a very brief period to

him, and the wedjing day seemed but as yesterday. After referring to Mr. Parkinson and Mr. Hayward who had spoken of his work, he said they must avat expect him to think that he deserved a tithe of what had been said. He had endeavoured in the pulpit and in his teaching, to give them ths best of which he was capable. They had taught him a good deal, and he believed he was a better preacher now than when he c ima If they thank.d him in their hes.rts as their presents seemed to indicat., it inspird him with hope and confidence for his work in Leicester. The writing cabinet which they had presented to him was suggastive of work and that was an important matter in a minister's life. It would be a source of joy and pride to him to show the people of Leicester that Bewsey-rnad regarded him worthy of such appreciation. That meeting would stimulate him, strengthen him,and help him in the week that lay before him, (Applause.) Mr. HORTON made a kindly ref 2.tsnce to the work of Mr. garb Ittle and recalled some of his remarks to them. He departed with their good wishes and goodwill and they trusted his wife and daughter would bt, very happy and very useful in their new sphere of work. ( Applause.)

• Councillor SHAW GREEN remarked that he was very proud to hive the opportunity of adding a word or two to what had been said. Like those who had preceded him he had thoroughly enjoyed, and he believed bene- fitted by Mr. Harbottle ministry. They were now part- jn him and giving him a happy send•off. He hoped the brightness of that gathering would permiate the whole of his life and that when he got to Leicester he would give them EMMA of those hri Want

nuggets which they had had from him at War- rington. That had been tho charm of Mr. Hat- bottle's teaching, it seem to him that when Mr. Harbottle forgot his manuscript there came out of him some of those rich thoughts which they could never for- get. At Leicester he would have a congregation who would be willing to hear him and if he had only round him a band of people like that present he would have reason to bless G:4 and take courage. (Applauss.) Councillor TINNION also expressed his appreciation of the work of Mr. Harbottle in the circuit. He hid en- joyed the serm ons of Mr. Harbottle equally or better than those of other ministers he had remembered he ar- ing. He had been a seatholder for 21 years, and during that time he had seen a good many changes, but there was no ministers who had done him more get.d and given him greater satisfaction than Mr. Harbottle had done. He considered that Mr. Harbottle had been a good pastor. He had been a man who bad visited his people,and that was a great failing with some minister He wished to express th 3 hope that bright as Mr. Hers_ bottle's time had been with them, it might be still brighter at Leicester; and that both he and his wife might be long spared to enjoy each others happiness and society. He also trusted that when Mr. Harbottle bad finishel his circuit term at Leicester they would look upon him and his work with the 'same pleasure and appreciation as they had dune in Warrington. (Ap- plause.) Light refreshments were then handed round. On re- suming the business of the meeting. Mr. CORBETT, in a few well chosen words, presented the Chairman with an exceptioeally fine,hand bag, as a token of the respect and esteem of the members of the Bewsey-road Guild. He referred to the fact that it was through Mr. Harbottle's efforts that the Guild was organised, and he had also contributed largely to its success. The speaker also referred to Mrs. Harbottle's services.

In acknowledging the gift, the Rev. G. HARBOT TIE said he held that every organized church ought to have its own guild of young men and young women. (Hear, hear.) No part of his work had given him greater pleasure than that in connection with the Guild at Bewsey-road. He would now like to put on the table an umbrella he had received from his class. The presents were symbolical of work,travel and trouble. The cabinet would represent the work ; the bag travel, and the umbrella symbolised defence. He should be un- worthy of his position if he did net go to his new circuit with a brave heart. (Applause.) Mrs. STONE said the choir had not forgotten the services of Miss Harbottle. She had been very regular in her attendance and a very active member. Tbey were sorry to lose her but if she came to Warrington again they would be glad to see her. Mrs Stone then presented Miss B:arbottle with a suitable present on behalf cf the choir. Her father acknowledged the gift on her behalf. Mrs Stone sang" The Last Milestone "and Mr Baker "The Friar of Oriers Gray," the accompaniments were played by Mr Wadsworth. A pleasant gathering con- chided with the sineing of the bymn " God be with you till we meet again."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
.-0410)

4:7;1'J:1-WS IiTTLE PILLS. _.o-, ...;„sr.e.. Pill.— - BEAUTIFUL TEETH , ‹ ,- Ely tote. for all who use daily on the tooth • . Price. :gush a few drops of ',•.i,4-,,,---:---1 LEiF°"Y in a - SOZODONT ~-mt ~ , •:- 1...,'01,, s ,-,_ _ - A.. 0 pleasantest dentifrice I_ .me ipt; rot ; 1.,‘ .r-ies ,*_ :-. y \l ego- world. , Cleanses the teeth and spaces Care Torpid Liver, Bile. between them as nothing else (Sallow Cchnplexion, and will. Sound and pearly white Si cl: Headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant anzl cure them so as to st 44 breath ensured. utred. Cla,:nii;.ite , is. Iw-i. Nit Szr SOZOIX)NT. 23. 011.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO CHAIIPIONSHIP

ST. HELENS v. WARRINGTON.

The return League match between St. Helens and Warrington, was played at the St. Helens Baths, on Tuesday eveuing,before a large attendance. The match was preceded by the return Combination game between the second teams of the above clubs. As the initial en- counter had resulted its a two goals to none victory for Warrington, St. Helens were naturally anxious to turn the tablAs, but failed. A very even game was witnessed, the final score being : Warrington 2 goals, St. Helens nil.

For the championship match, the St. Helens club placed their full team in the water, and Warrington were also well represented. At four minutes past nine the following players entered the water, under the command of Mr. C. Snowdon, of Liverpool. St. Helens.—J Aspinall goal; J Bretton and W Preston, full backs ; R Ripley, half back:; W Walker, J Mavity and J Lawrenson, forwards. Warrington.—A G Robertson, goal ' • Cronshaw and Boscow, full backs; W Ashton, halfback; J Hughes, C Ashton, and A Ashton, forwards. From the start the play was of a most exciting and interesting nature. Mavity going for all he was worth, defeated C Ashton for possession' and gave to Bretton, who handed over to Walker, and he in turn transferred to Lawrenson. Boscow, however, fouled him, and the ball was quickly sent to the other end, where Hughes shot outside. From the throw, Mavity banged the ball past Robertson amidst tremendous excitement after about half a minute's play. Again Mavity defeated Ashton in the swim off, and quickly gave to Ripley, who with one of his grand shots sent the leather with terrific force to Robertson, but the ball bounced over the crossbar. The game was keenly contested. Ripley, after a tricky swim. passed to Bretton, who returned the ball to his captain, and he swam down towards Robertson and transferred to Lawrenson, but the wing custodian proved too smart for Lawrenson's shot, and saved, although at the expense of a corner. At the othe - end Aspinall was called upon te cope with a fast shoz from A. Ashton, who managed to leave Mavity, and this be (Aspinall) did in really brilliant fashion, and threw down to Ripley. The home captain swam down, and when close up to the Warrington custodian sent in such a shot that Robertson failed to bold the ball and it went through. This further success against the con- querors of Everton (in a League match) fairly roused Moe spectators to a high pitch of excitement, and it was sometime before the game could be resumed Walker and Lawrenson further tested the War- rington goalkeeper, but without success. Just before the interval a corner was granted St. Helens, and this was taken by Walker, who threw across the goal to ' Lawrenson, and enabled him to put on a third. Ripley had hard lines with a splendid shot, and although the Warringtonians made a combined attack on the Saints' goal, nothing further was scored. Half-time: St. Helens, 3 goals; Warrington, nil. St. Helens now had to defend the deep goal. Ashton was again defeated for possession in the swi-n, bu ' Hughes managed to get in a swtft shot at A.spinall's charge, but Bretton cleared, and Walker once more lowered the ." Wirepullera' " colours. The excitement eventually toned down a bit, as ic was seen that the Saints had their doughty opponents well in hand. Robertson played a marvellous game, as also did Aspin- all, both custodians saving some very stiff shots. C. Ashton eventually sent the ball down to the Saints' goal, and enabled Arthur Ashton to put the finishing touch to it by sending it past Aspinall. Final • St. Helens, 4 goals; Warrington, 1 goal. The St. Helens Club have now a very heavy and im- portant list of engagements to fulfil. For the first time in the annals of the club the team has reaehed the semi-final stages of three important championships. On Thursday next they meet Everton at Liverpool in the Lancashire County contest ;on Tuesday next they en-, counter the famous Manchester 03birne team at Liver- pool in the Northern Counties Championship ; and early in September they meet Leicester in the semifinal of the English Championship. In addition to these water polo engagements, the St. Helene Club has also reached the final tie of the Grand Challenge Squadron Cempetition for the third year in succession.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCA.', CRURCEIES.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

There was an average attendance at the meeting of this Society on Sunday afternom in Wycliffe Church. Mr. Thomas Wallington, the lion. secretary, presided, and spoke upon the canvass of the town which was shortly to be made on behalf of the society. He appealed for volunteers of the work. Mr. Ellames, of Manchester, delivered a bright Gospll address on the subject of "Religion." A solo entitled "My laop3 is in the Ever- lasting" was efficiently sung bv Mr. Arthur Griffiths. The organ was presided at by Mr. W. H. rayton with his accustomed ability. Toe service was also taken part in by Mr. S. Rowlands and Mr. Healey.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL HALL.

On Sunday at this hall, Mr. F. Broadhurst preached from Psalm 40, 1-5, illustrating the subject by a descrip- tion of a visit to the lead mines at Snail-beach in Shropshire, which are 1,800 feet deep. To go down it, he said, was optional, so God had also left man a free will in regard to his eternal destiny. Mere the descent a change of clothcs was necessary, miners clothes hav- ing to be put on,and before a person could enter Heaven he centended there must be a change. a new birth. In descending, after the first few moments, the sensation was that you were going up.but entrance into darkness soon confirmed the fact that you were going down. Many people sincerely believed they were going un to Heaven, their way seemen rieht,but unless it was God's way, Jesus Christ, it will end in darkness and death. The bottom of the mines was reached by means of the cage, ladders and a shute, there being different stages of depth, so also there were different classes of sinners, some were on the first stage highly respectable, moral and religious, others had gone into deep depths of sin but both classes were in the pit and in darkness, and unless the power of God delivPrad them both would be lost for ever. God's power for lifting out of the pit was the Gospel.

COMMERCIAL FAILURES. —According t) "Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette," the uumber of failures in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending August 19th, was 92. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 84, showing an increase of 8, being a net decrease in 1899, to data of 69.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

BREAKFAST AND SUF'PER,

.4;..

r-4,-4r -40,-

AP' Ago" -4P -4,' 40,`

-41P' -I* 4P. Alf

4.. 4tr- 4,4 r- 4,- Ar- 4,4 P- As-4r- Ar...-

FIVE YEARS' WRITTEN GUARANTEE. WHY PAY £4 or £5 for a GOLD ALBERT,

When you can buy from th

ANGLO-AMERICAN „GOLD COMPANY,

iscrr. GOLD CASED liI4I3ISEIT FOR 4/6

With five years' guarantee. GENT'S CURB ALBERT 43. 63. GENT'S DOUBLE ALBERT, ss. 6d. LADY'S ALBERT (with tassel), 43. 61. All goods sent post free. FORM OF GUARANTEE. not to discolor and to keep its appearance for five yfAra

4P- , SOLD BY AGENTS EVERYWHERE. fi .i.-A••• 41) § § cos. V (4 1 : k W.,07,14„fzi" Lck'" 411' --**, 410 •tr-e 1 ~ - 0 ,':-#:. 4, §, It , 44 SEE SIGNATURE & REGISTERED TRADE.-MARK " ON EVERY PACKET. 4P 4P 4P 40 P -4,- 41- AIIP'

===== 0002601_18990825_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
-r

We hereby guarantee the A lbertChain. No: or a new one will be willingly given. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE UNITED KINGDOM

; - , t:. .`:. 7 I 's:, '''', r. '7 ,40--',,, , „ „:„..k 0 ~,, ~,,s,' % ..- ..........

===== 0002601_18990825_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANGLO-AMERICAN GOLD COMPANY., 50, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

THE WARRINGTON

friends and members of the Warrington Corps St.-Joht: Ambulance Brigade, in recognition of honorary services rendered to the eause. August 19th, 1899." Mr. HARDY, in reply, said he did not expect that a presentation would be made to him for what he bad done, although, of course, he was pleased if he had bees of any service to the brigade. Unfortunately he was out of the district now, and regretted his severeuca from the corps.

Captain WARING pointed out that Mr. Tay!or, the present bon secretary, should hays received a prize last year but he was unable. to receive it. He had been of great assistance to him, and he had pleasure in present- ing him, on his own behalf, with a preserve dish. (Ap- plause.) The Chief Superintendent added that he hsid been told by the Colonel that the corps was the best he had inspected that year. He was afraid there was a little bit of soft-soap about the remark—(laughter)—but It was only right that they should give him three hearty cheers.

The request was heartily complied with, cheers being also given for Mrs. Trimble. In teply,the COLONEL said he was exceedingly obliged to all present for their kind appreciation of his services, but their thanks were mostly due to Mr. and Miss Naylor for the use of their beautiful grounds in which to hole the inspcction, as well as for their hospitality. He made the remark privately to Captain Waring, but as he had in turn made it public he had no hesitation in stating that the inspection was the best he had had thi year. (kpplanse.) Miss Naylor presented the following prizes to the men for best attendances :—W D Fell, 36 marks, half-a. dozen knifes and forks ; T Langley, 34, cruet ; (these are second-class supernumerary officers) ; Private Kirby. 33, cruet; Private Lennon, 33, cruet •, Private Pittman, 33, cruet ; and Private W Newnes, 31 cruet. The donors of these prizes were Mr W B Roberts, Dr Markel and Captain Waring. Miss Naylor also kindly presented a number of certificates. At six o'clock an excellent tea was served in the Tea. perance Hall. At the conclusion Captain WatuNo said that that was the third time he had had to propose a vote of thanks to their kind host and bosteas for their great hospitality. (Applause.) They had dcna justice to the good things which had been provided, and it was only right that they should acknowledge their indebtedness to Mr. and Miss Naylor before separating. They had spent a very pleasant afternoon.

Three hearty cheers having bees gives, Miss Naimoli, who was received with hearty cheers, remarked that the applause which had just been accor- ded te her was much longer than the speech she inten- ded to deliver. They had been exceedin rly pleased to see the corps at the Hall, and she was much obliged to them for their kind vote of thanka. Her brother would no doubt respond on his own behelt. She again acknovis ledged the kind vote of thanks. (Applasee.) Mr. NAYLOR, who was also well received, responded, and remarked that, of course, it was very gratifying to know that one's work was appreciated as it appeared to be from the rapturous applause which had been given. It had been a source of great pleasure to Miss Naylor and himself to have had an opportunity of entertaining them ence mare in that building and outside it, and he was sure that the work carried on by Captain Waring and the corps,sometimes under very difficult conditions, deserved every encouragement from outsiders, but who were in full sympathy with the aims and objects of the St. John Ambulance Brigade. It was gratifying to know that nearly all over the country the work was being taken up with great spirit. On Thursday last the Lord Mayor of Manchester presented 131 certificates and prizes to the city police force who had passed the recognized exami- nation in connection with the association, and that day it must have been a great pleasure to those who had been enrolled as members of the 'Warrington Corps to have heard such an encouraging report from the bps of the Commissioner. He aunposed that what he realty meant to say was that during the present season he hah not met with a more efficient brigade than the one which had that afternoon gone threugh an inspection on the lawn, and that must be a gratification to Captain Waring and all the other officers, as well as to the rank and file. The work the Society aimed at was of a very exalted character. It was to relieve suffering humanity and many times the members who ha i received instruction had been able to render first aid in such ac efficient manner ,that limbs had been saved and. also lives. In these circumstances those who rejoiced in any effort made to relieve suffer- ing humanity in any form must be proud and delighted to find that in Warrington there was such an efficient detachment, and one so well worth their sympathy and support. It was a pleasure to be permitted to do some little :to show that he was in thorough har- mony with the work of the association, and it had been a great satisfaction to his sister and himself to have had the annual inspection at Cuerden Hall. Perhaps the corps wonld not have been invited but for the sugges- of the worthy Superintendent, who had the impression that there would be a mach greater muster if they were invited te the Hall, and Captain's Waring's impression had been fully realised. The band, a very efficient one, had shown their sympathy with the corps in a very practical way by discoursing sweet music for them without fee or reward. (Applause.) After some further observations, Mr. Naylor concluded by savirag that he hoped they would be able to meet together on some fut.ire occasion, and to both the institutions—the cricket club and the corps—he and his sister wished very great suacess. (Applause.) A tote of thanks having been accorded to the band, the visitors returned to the grounds, where the band played for dancing on the lawn for a short time. At shout half-past eight a start was made in the 'bases for Warringtcn. Several popular airs were played at the hall crates, and a happy gathering gave cheers for Mr and Miss Naylor as the homeward journey was com- meneed.

ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A MOTHER IN-LAW. At the Warrington Occasional Court, on Tuesday, before Mr. P. A. Fro3t, Peter Phillips, of Sankey, was charged with assaulting Jane Drummond on Saturday night.--Mr. Browne represented the com- plainant and said that she was mother-in-law to the defendant, and resided at 19, Foster-street, Widnes. The defendant lived at Bewsey Farm, Sankey. In consequence of the complainant hearing that the defendant was going to be prosecuted by the N,S.P.C.C., she decided to inquire into the matter, and on Saturday last she went to the defendant's house. When she arrived there she saw the defen- dant, and she asked him if her daughter was at home, and he replied that she was not. Convers- ation ensued, in which defendant said something disgusting about the complainant's late husband, ana when complainant denied the charge he struck her in the eye, and while she was on the ground bruised her terribly about the body and head. She managed to get into Lodge-lane, where sbe fainted, being subsequently takea to the Warrington In- firmary where she was medically attended. her son, a licensed victualler, obtained a I ree warrant against the defendant on Monday morning. Mr. Browne applied for an adjournment of the case to the Warrington County Petty Sessions to be held on September 6th.—Complainant corroborated Mr ; Browne's statement,and ultimately the me was re- mended as desired.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
AMBULANCE CORPS AT CUERDEN HALL.

1 With their usual generosity Mr. R. A. Naylor and Miss Naylor renewed their invitation to the mem- bers of the Warrington Corps of the St John Abulance Brigade to pay their annual visit to Cuerden Hall, Thelwall, and this event took place on Saturday in beautiful weather. Mr. Naylor's quiet retreat is more familiarly known as Oyster Shell Hall. It is prettily situated an.' is sheltered from the roadway by surrounding elms and beeches. Nothing seems to disturb the stillness save the singing of the birds which are piping here and everywhere. The grounds cannot be described as extensive but they are well laid out and trimly kept. In one shady nook several pleasant-looking summer houses are studded with oyster shells, aid these have probably had something to do with the name which the hall bore at one time. The hall has been considerably improved and enlarged by Mr. Naylor with artistic taste: Entering the recep- tion hall from a porch which runs underneath an extensive verandah, the visitor is introduced to the host and hostess who stand at the top of a beauti- fully polished staircase. Many availed themselves of the privilege of inspecting the rooms, which are exquisitely furnished. The mansion is rich in pictures, old china, antique cabinets, treasured nick-nacks and articles of vertu innumerable. Mr. Naylor is especially a great connoisseur of china,and every room bears evidence of it. The entrance hall is unequalled in the district, and contains some fine pieces of statuary, coats of mail, ex- pensive skins, and other articles of great value and in- terest. The prettiest room is a combination drawing- , room with its richly carved oak furniture, its luxurious carpets, curtains and embroidery, and choice old china- ware. One of the latest adlitions to the curios is a very unique sack earthenware bottle which was recently sent to Mr. Naylor from a South Staffordshire village. The bottle which is wound round with a thin wire, owing to its great age, bears the following inscription :—" Hugt, 0 Toft is Bottle 20th May, 1600." Having made an in- epection of the rooms, the visitor was free to wander about the grounds, and indulge in games on the lawn. Cricket was also engaged in, in one of the fields. Mr and MiSg Naylor did their utmosz to make the visit an enjoy- able one. Miss Naylor was charmingly attired in white and at the close of the inspection of the ambulance corps she gracefully presented the prizes and certificates. Dancing was indulged in on the lawn to the strains of the Borough Baud, under the cenductorship ot Mr. Griffin, and it may be here stated that the bandsmen gave their services gratis. Amongst those present on the lawn to witneso the in- spection, in addition to Mr. and Miss Naylor, were the Deputy-Commissioner, the Hon. Lieutenaet Colonel C J Trimble, M.D. (Preston), who cenducted the inspection; Mr George R Crosfield (hon treasurer), Captain Waring (chief superintendent). Mr. Buckley (superintendent of stores), Mr. F raylor (acting lion secretary), Dr. Parker (Stockton Heath), Dr. Dyer (of Cheltenham, on a visit to Mr Naylor); Mr and Mrs Bylanda, Me and Mrs Edwin Woods, Mrs Waring, Mr William Houghton, Miss Jack- son. Mr and Mrs T Mitchell, and Mr T Birtles, the last named after the inspection photograph- ing the members of the brigade, the visitors and the band. Mr R Pierpoint, M.P. (president), was prevented attending owing to the death of a friend whose funeral he bad to attend, and Chief Surgeon Adams, Hon. Surgeon Reginald Smith, Dr. Bowers, Dr. Leadbetter, Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr J C Parr were also unable to be present for various reasons. The visitors from Warrington, who numbered abeut 250, were, by the klndnes of Mr. Naylor, conveyed to the Hall in several large 'buses supplied by Mr. Edward Connor, and these left the Central and Bank Quay Rail- way Stations at th.ee o'clock. The visitors, who thoroughly enjoyed themselves, were acccinpanied by the Warrington Workingmen's Mission Cricket Club. They were all entertained to tea in the Temperance Mission Hall. The arrangements were in the hands of " Captain Waring, and they were entirely satisfactory. At the outset the brigade went through the usual exercises, under the direction of Superintennent Buck- " ley. This was followed by stretcher drill, which was " admirably done, notwithstanding a little apparent ner- vousness at the commencement. Forty men and five ' officers wore uniform, many of them for the first time, and there were about 50 men who are not yet supplied with it, in plain clothes. The men, who are connected with the various works, railway companies of Warring- ton, and the Ship Canal, looked very smart and enthu- siastic in their work• At the conclusion of the inspec- tion the men were drawn up in line. Celonel Tniernex addressed them and said he was perfectly satiefied with everything he had seen that day, and particularly with the work of the men in uniform. He knew from what the Chief Suaerintenderat had told him that some of the men had just been put into uni- form for the first time, and their work was particuberly smart. The public could not expect ambulance men to show the preciston and smartness of Volunteers, or the exactness of trained soldiers, but it was expected from them that they should exhibit some degree of smartness; in fact it was absolutely necessary that they should do so, as they could not go from place to place with their stretchers and other appliances unless they moved to some extent as the military did. The importance of drill was particularly finpressed upon his mind on Jubilee Day in London, as it was there coca that if the ambulance men had not possessed some military knowledge it would have been absolutely impossible for them to have taken up their various positions. As he had already said, the drill that day had been particu- larly good for ambulance men, and the Superintendent seemed to have a good knowledge of the work, being able to handle the members with satisfaction to him (the inspector). Ihe Colonel then proceeded to point out one or two minor defects, asking the men to avoid balking in the ranks, although he admitted that it •aas difficult to resist the temptation to point out a defect when one man saw anther making a mistake. Silence should be observed as far as possible. The corps seemed to be making satisfactory progress in Warrington and district, and as deputy-commissioner in charge of the district it would afford him very reat pleasure to con- vey to the Commissioner the excellent appearance of the men and the good character of the work which had been done. He congratulated them on the strength of the corps, while to those in multi he wished to say he had not ask much ambulancce work from them, as some of them were old members and were able to do well ; and also because he did not wish to interfere with the rest of the programme. (Hoer, hear, and applause.) , Captain WARING then stepped forward and asked Mies Naylor to make a presentatton to Mr. Hardy, who wee formerly connected with the corps, to which he has rendered valuable services as lion secretary. He had, I however, had to leave Warrineton to undertake more " responsible duties at Frodingham, on the Great Central Railway.

MIPS NAYLOR expressed the pleasure it afforded her to make the presentitlon and then handed to Mr. Hardy a handsome electro-plate tea and coffee pot, sugar basin, and cream jug. One of the articles contained the following inscription :—" Presented to T. H. Hardy by

===== 0002601_18990825_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_18990825_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r _ , k it' I

===== 0002601_18990825_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
, .. A --; . . _,ti„,

•

===== 0002601_18990825_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
7,1): "Ormyltner" ptrtts

Or LANCISHIE IND CnESIIIIIE COITNTT NEWSPYPEES:

Comprises

THE Warrinpn and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, 13,0)- 1 liahed every Saturday morning.

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

TE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

TIIE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday mornmg,

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, ISITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED. APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED,

SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

MISCELLANNoIIS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLD. One Six

Three

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 ...... 45 is 6d ... 36 8d ... 6s Od

===== 0002601_18990825_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomtstit gotrbantO, Scr.

WANTED. GENRAL SERVANT; no washing.—J. TRAVIS, Ram's Head, Haydock.

WAN rED, GIHSERAL, at once ; 17 to 20.—Mr8. TURNER. 25, Saunders-street, Southport.

Wng ANTED, you GENERAL SERVANT.—Mrs. SCOTT, 29, Stanley-street, Cheetham, Manchester. AVANTED, at once, a tidy GENERAL SERVANT. 18 to 23.-51, SALISBURT-ROAD, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED. a reliable GENERAL ; good refarences ; no young children.—Apply Mrs. FELL, 43, Steven-street,

Stretford

VVANTED, atrong GIRL, about 16; from country pre- ferred ; two in family-97, FITzWARREN-STREET, Seedley, Manchester.

WANTlill. ft good GIZNERA.L for suburb of Manchester. —Apply to Mrs. BEVAN, Lezaire, Parsonage-road, Heaton Moor, Stockport.

WANTED, immedLstely, experienced GENERAL; about 24; good chiracter ; two in tamily.—Apply 32, NOR- WOOD AVRNUE, Southport.

WANTED, for itainhill, a good plain COOK; able to wash ; good references necessary.—Apply M rs. ARTHUR BREwis, Eccles Lon Grange, near Prescot.

WANTED good GENERAL at'onee small family ; good home ; state wages required ; (permanent situation). Mrs. HINDLE. Westbourne-road, Rams*. Isle of Ilan.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT ; age about 24 ; good wages given to good servant.—kirs. WHEELDON, Drinkwater Park Farm, Prestwich, Manchester.

WANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT; reference required ; state age and wages.—Mrs. WOODHOUSE, 68, Horton-road, Bradford.

IVANTED. good GENERAL; plain COOK: no washing; small family; good wages.—Mrs. HALLSWORTH. Registry, Orme-street, Oldham. B,LTANTRD, a respectable GIRL for housework and assist V in shop; sleep in.-150, LOWER MOM-LINE, Hulme, Manchester.

WANTED at once, Experienced GENERAL, accustomed to cellar kitchen. Mrs. FERGUSON, 21. Alexandrar Terrace. Bedford-road, Rock Ferry, Birkenhead.

'MALE NURSESN IbTITUTION 70 Hope- AlALsEtresentd. Fi,bwerpool.—Establi shed 1878..—F0r reliable AttenCants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—• • Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 570 wANTED, good strong GIRL not over 18, as General iii small beerhouse, suburbs Manchester. good references required ; good hme and wages; no children.-65, CHEET- WOOD-LANE, Cbeetwood, Manchester, - -

AAT'DOWER, with small family, in good work, age 40 want', a good housekeeper, view matrimony, Roman Catholic.— Address 18, QUEEN VICTORIA-BIREET, Mill Hill, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Diganteb.

GWYNITA. PENMARNMAWII.—GIRLS' BOARDIFG and DAY SCHOOL. Vacancy for Governess Pupil in Michaelmas term.—Principal. Mrs. H. MELLOR.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class MACHINERY OILS. Liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpcol. and Free Residence in Jersey (if glood'e'eslYrer).R.Lady or gentleman with small eapital.-2C3, ORFORD-STUEET, 1119.11 Cheater.

'NJAV VIES. PLXTELAYERS WANTED. good wages to 11 good men ; huts.—JosEPH PHILLIPS AND Co., Gifford and Garvsuld Railway, Ormiston, Scotland.

OBACCONIST 3 Commencing.—See hid. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Euston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. MYERS.

WANTED, funy certificated •ASSISTANX MISTRESS, •tmusieal) for eirzellent Girls Sehool,salary £55 to £5O according to qualifieations.—Apply HEADMISTRESS, St. Catharine's, Wigan.

-W—IN—GATES INDEPI3NDENT SCHOOL, WEST- HOUGHTON.—WANTED, ASSISTANT for Infant Department- Musical Art. 50 £45, or Art. 68 £4o.—Apply CORRESPONDENT.

WANTED. TrAined Certificated ASSISTANT MISTRESS 11' for Knowsley-road British School, St. Helens, with knowledge of music; salary £65 rer annum.—U. A. PILK- INGTON, The Hazels, Prescot.

SHIRTMAKERS and JACKET hands (thoroughly experi- eneed) Wanted immediately for superior work.—Apply WILLIAM COATES & SON, Wholesale Shirt Manufacturers and General Manchester Warehousemen, Friarsgate, Bridge-at., Warrington.

WANTED. for ROYAL NAVY. Boys, Youths, Engine, room Artificers. Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters Coopers, Painters, Shipwrights and Royal MarinPs.—For particulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal 3i Irines.2s9.Liverpool- road. Warrington.

QANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS.—SaIaries ElOO to £250 O numerous vacancies ; permanenL appointments ; Specia Postal Course of Lessons now commencing tor Man cheater nd other exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 00 successful candiclates.—Apply R.l-2ELT MUSIIENS, Sc ience Teacher. Sunderland,

A MATTER OF IMPORTANCE WHEN IJRNISIIING Is TO SECURE SOUND, RELIABLE, AND ARTISTIC GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES.

It is an ruculoubted fact that you can. BUY CHEAPER AND BETTER AT THE PIONEER

COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 To 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, THAN IN ANY OTHER ESTABLISHMENT. It mast be, however, borne in mind that the LOW PRICES ere for Cash only.

WARRINGTON

AND DISTRICT

ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION, PARR HALL AND SPECIAL MACHINERY ANNEXE MA.RCH 3To 24, 1900. ARTS, INVENTIONS, lINGINEERING, MANUFACTURES, TRADES. Prospectus, plana, and anpliention forms may be had of THS SIiORETARIES. 75. Bridge-street, Warrington

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES,

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BELLS AND PARFIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS. WAGONEtTES, Bgc. • FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TICLEPTIONE Na. 169. BRANCH OFFICE: 24, HORSENIARSET-ST' OFFICE AND LIMY STABLES HE.,A.TH:iIDE, WARRINGTON.

, ALL ATARINED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES . , • SHOULD SNOW HOW TO REMAIN HIPPE, PROSPEROR ',.. AND FREE FROM CARFS. . INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FREE i cn Receipt of Stamped Envelope. .1 2ECOMMENDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSOR wurrF. AT ONCE TO 11 •oi J. WILLS, & CO., 15, S CHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. t . .

ORECAMBE, W.E. —Miss SHARPLES, 105, [Chatsworth- .l.V.l road. Apartments ; piano; bath.

ipo LACK PO OL. —Mrs. LEAH, 95 Albert-road, 3min. from 11 Central Stltion and sea ; public or private; pianos.

LADIES! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complai:its. has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is he y Positive, safe, certain. . and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every zase. iSend At once stamped addressed envelopes for full partieu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFOED BROOKES, 0, Bradgate-rod. Oat ford, Lewin,.

ENVELOPES FROM

2s. PER 11000.

IHE "EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

CECIL COMPANY'S FREE CYCLE SCHEMB.—A 6s coupon FREE and 6s cash to any competing.-203, Oxford-street, Manchester.

,4 LOVELY SET of BABY'S LON9CLOTEIES, beautifully lA_ embroidered ; unused ;53 articles .25s ; approval.—Mrs Mex, The Chase, Nottingham.

SELF RAISIN FLOUR, how to make. with 11 other G valuable trade and other receipes, post free is. E. PARKER, Rose Villa, MildenhalL tiuffolk.

f2LASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay Li three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—SMlTH S; SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

DR. DB.ROO'S COMPOUND &NAL PILLS

As justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism. Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed io be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. livery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTER DB ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order ot Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. 10. and 2s. 9,1.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holtord House, Hollord-square, tendon, W.C.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FR WA Y, AUGUST 25, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

11.) A lON This successtul and highly P. popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by ificord Rostan. Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity ot the blood, tpits, blotches, p.ins and swell- ings ot the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles. gravel, pains ix the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, 'sleeplessuees,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. I?. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.C.

.tates DV Ration

OttltkO, 13t15fi1t5505, at.

Ormg, Voultrp, Zicr.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Otontp.

CONTINUED GREAT PROSPERITY OF PITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Just past Station Thtough Railway Atol,l.

pITTS'S STILL PURSUE THE PITH OF PRO- GRESS, their Turnover for the last three month, ex- ceeding that of the same period last year by over £2,000, and and that of 1897 by over £4.000. Evidently the Public fully appreciate the extraordin try efforts put forth by PITTS'S, whose sole desire is to offer c oods of undoubted excellence and reliability at lowest possible prices.

PITTS'S ARE FURNISHING EXPERTS, having devoted a lifetime to mastering the multitudinous intricacies of the Cabinetmakers and Upnolsterers' Arts. What PITTS'S may not know about Furnishing is not worth learning. Verily PITTS'S have been "through the mill," both figuratively and literally, ant so obtained the essential experience which only actual participation in the practical working can give. Anything—no matter what—in the shape of Furnishing comes within the scope of PITTS'S, be it a large mansion that requires equipping throughout in the most luxurious manner with the costliest materials and finest workmanship, or a humble cottage needs furnishing, they are equally simple to PITTs'S.

pITTS'S INSTITUTED ECONOMICAL FURNISH- ING. Before the advmt of this renowned firm more than half a century ago, it was utterly impossible to pur- chase anything like a decent house of furniture for less than two or three hundred pounds. But now, thanks to PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI TURE at 1, 221, 281-, 38i, 50, 75, and 100 guineas, a very good show can be made, and a comfortable and ta-teful home obtained for a, comparative trifle. Year in year out PITTS'S have adver- tised these Houses of Furniture as the VERY BEST VALUE OBTAINABLE, so that at present, within fifty miles of Manchester, there is hardly a town or village that does not contain them.

pITTS'S MAKE A POINT OF ALWAYS OFFER- ING only such goods as can be depended upon. Articles that will be a credit not only to their possessor, but also to the firm that supplied them. Whether an order be great or small the utmost care and attention is bestowed upon it. consequently one customer after another is pleased and satisfied, and recommends PITTS'S with the inevitable result that PITTo'6 Trade grows greater and greater.

pITTS'S ARE DISTINGUISHED BY THE VIGOUR and boldness of initiative—no enterprise being too great for them—the unvarying quality and dura- bility of their wares and the thorough soundness of their business metho la. These combined have enabled PITT:IS to brush aside all feebbi and Ineff :etual atternp s at com- petition. And now PITTS'S stand in a position by them- selves, and are justly entitled to be proclaimed by Press and Public, the Largest, Best and Cheapest General Furnishers.

PITTS'S HAVE GAINED THE PROUD POSITION they o3cupy by dint of undeviating atten- tion to the minutest details. From day to day during the last fifty four years Furnishing problems have been con- stantly arising. These PiTTS'S have solved, and this accumulated experience PITTS'S freely offer for the benefit of their numerous customers. Then why not share in it by giving PITI'S'S your order instead of placing it in the hands of incompetents, who will only make a" mull "of it, whilst charging double PITTS'S price.

PITTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED. FURNISHING GUIDE, is universally recogn,sed as the handsomest and most comprehensive extant. It contains 700 extremely artistic designs, each article being priced, and shows clearly HOW TO SAVE FIFTY PER CENT. Forwarded post free. Cash Prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrang- ment.

DITT.TS BEDSTEAD, CARPETS, PIANOS, CYCLBS, Bassinettes, Lamps. China, Glass, Earthen- ware.—Magnificent selection. Guaranteed great sir,ing.

PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- TURE.—Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks, stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

SAMUEL PITTS, Established 1845 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). MANCEIRSTRR, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vise Cats pass the door.

JAMES TOqT,E, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGhI datsic, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.)

The HIGHEST PETCES pail for dead and worn-out horses, cows. Scc. nay dtsuince up to 15 miles on

Lue bhoitest notice.

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION_ _

Always on band, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION.

SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD.

RICHMOND JONES AN SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

pIANO.F, ORGANS

By all Leading Makers Cash or Hire Purchase.

puNos Prices and Terms to suit all pockets.

ORGANS Instruments delivered FREE to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. PIANOS Eo Bondsmen or Securities required,

ORGANS PIANOS from 10s. 6d, per month. ORGANS from ss. per month. put Nos Illustrated Calalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.)

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS,

120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

DR. S's PILLS Contain the fino'sst drugs that can procured DE SCOTT'S pILLS Cure 9 Headaches and Nervous Depress ug' D SCO PILLS Ind cation nd Restore the APPetite.

R. SCOTT S PILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous SyBtoo' D scon's PILLS The Best Family Aperient tiedielne and Blood ?aria° DR.B ICOTT'S pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or Old.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS • gag Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SHY bav PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyoae to any other medicine instead, but insist on having tile rig thing, which is wrapped in a square green CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES, MERSEY CYCLE WORKSi LIVE RPOOL- ROAD , WA RRI NGTOiI • MAKERS OF THE ME RS EY. og, AND AGENTS FOR THE FemousRUDGE WHITWO4 TRIUMPH. LEA FRANCIS, TOWNEND, A° COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. WE HAVE IN STOCK A QUANTITY OF Lll S HOP SOILED AND Th SECOND HAND B I CY,-ES ra—s WHICH WILL BS SOLD AT REDUCSD SOLE MAKERS OF THE ELEGANT CYCLE STAND " ALLEN'S PATENT."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

AUGUST 25th 1899

AN impression prevails Are Transvaal AffAirs that the relations be- lonproving ? tween this country and the Transvaal are improving. We hope that this is a correct account of the situation, though it hardly accords with the general belief. The tor- tuous character of Pre:ident KRUGER'S policy is still maintained. He prefers not to give a Wain answer to a plain question. The report is that he has actually sent no answer to the pro- posal for an inquiry, after delays and negotiations 'with Bloemfontein and Capetown extending over several weeks. We believe this account is most likely correct, because it accords with the policy President KRUGER has pursued before. For a plain, simple-minded man, he loves tortuous tac- tics with an affection which casts doubt upon his sincerity altogether. He dodges, and this is net a feature of diplomacy which disposes persons t o have much confidence in a diplomatist who prac- tices the method. What he is understood to now propose is a term of franchise with conditions exactly the same as he resisted at Bloemfontein last month. What has made him change his position? The desire not to allow the COLONIAL SECRETARY to score a single point in the contest, the pressure of opinion at the Cape, and the obvious hardening of public feeling in this country, along with some degree of preparation for a rupture of the diplomatic friendliness which has been subjected to so many severe strains. If we distrust the new move it is because President KRUGER has been educating us in his policy of proffering plausible schemes and then beginning to evade them the moment they are accepted. This Want of frankness does not please his apologists in this country, or persons like ourselves, who desire to hold the balance even between national and party interests. It makes us suspicious. The franchise question is only one of several questions, but if the,Outlanders once gain a genuine franchise, with a real representation, they can do very much to help themselves, and to cope with some of the minor tyrannies under which they suffer. Our general aim, as a country, is to allow the Trans- vaal to retain its quasi-independence in foreign affairs, and its complete domestic independence when all the promises made to our countrymen of perfect equality have been fulfilled. It is not clear that the Boer really wants to live on peace- able terms with us. The more ardent believe they can inflict upon us another military disaster, and that then we shall be glad to leave them alone al- together. What President KRUGER and General OUBERT think of the results of a war, we do not know. They are wisely silent. When they speak at all, it is to say that, if independence cannot be ,kept by diplomacy, it may as well be lost by war. That is, if the Outlanders are to have the same power as the Boers, the Boers will soon be out- numbered and outvoted. They may be so, despite anything the Free State can do, and the most treacherous Boers in Natal can do. The choice may really lie between painless extinction and a N,,...yiolent death.

WE should be sorry to think Paris and the Republic. that Sunday's rioting in Paris was a grave symptom. As there 'were cries of " Vive le R6publique " the riotet s Were not consciously demonstrating for the Bonapartists or the Orleanists, which is so far satisfactory. The unruly elements in Paris are always a considerable force, and they have to be dealt with severely, and often, as it seems to Englishmen, even cruelly. The details of the disturbances, however, are less important than th

motives which animated the bands of young men Who have taken to street-rioting to give expression to their views and feelings. The police and the soldiers, if firmly directed, are quite able to pre- vent any grave unsettlement. The Government Will be strongly supported in any measures it •thay deem necessary for the preservation of order; and until the Rmnes trial comes to an

end there ought to be no chance for the noisy and the unruly. Behind much of the existing disquiet are the enemies of the Republic, and they alone can profit by the dis-

order. It would almost appear, however, that the chance of overthrowing the Republic has gone by, and when the Chambers meet the Government may be defeated instead. The Bonapartists are hardly made of the stern stuff which achieves revolutions. The leaders do not care to openly appear, and the Princes are afraid of their skins. The rank and file of the Bonapartist faction are not formidable, and nothing sorious could be achieved without the aid of the army. The army is not political, as it used to be, and it has to think of France rather than of the families which would

like to govern it once more. What . could Bona-

Oartism- do at the present moment for Fi ance P libthing, absolutely nothing. It is a moribund idea. The recovery of the lost provinces has not Egured in any of the speeches made by the exiles. To promulgate the intention of taking active steps to advance to the Rhine would soon bring France to the brink of war, and Germany would have something to say in the matter at once, and ii a way to command respect. Probably there

Would be a declantion of war before a Bonapartist Government could be well installed. The Orlean- ists are rich, and not very capable agitators. There je net much danger to be apprehended from them. The Republic,therefore, would seem to be safe for 'the present. The generals who have been swear- irig at Rennes could hardly be trusted to l'prrn a Government. Their credulity is as re-

Markable as their intellectual incapacity. Besides, "what could they promise, to: win over the army?

===== 0002601_18990825_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The army has not been assailed by anybody, though the General Staff is coming very badly out of the inquiry. The evidence that Jewish officers are selling military papers to the enemy is a mere freak of a disordered imagination. The caseselected for proof is breaking down every day. We may hope, then, that neither tumults in Paris nor attempts to excite the army will have any effect in endangering the stability of the Republic. There is no other form of government that has any substantial and popular promises to make, and there is some reason for beLeving that France will once more rise superior to the effervescence of the moment.

It is very well known that certain pottery occu- pations are injurious to the sight, but it remained for Mr. Snell, at the meeting of the British Medi- cal Association, to draw attention to the grinders employed at iron and steel works. It seems to be a frequent thing for particles to lodge in the corner, and when the men wear glasses they become studded by the farce of the impact. The obvious moral of Mr. Snell's paper which has just been published, is to use glasses, and there is an end of the matter. One fact about the eye, how- ever, concerning which the public are generally under a wrong impression, is the effect of the use of magnifying glasses by watchmakers. That well-known oculist, Mr. Brudenell Carter, stated some years ago it was quite the exception to have a watchmaker come to him for treatment. The premature use of glasses is injurious, and that is why people who think they want spectacles should be careful to have their eyes tested by thoroughly competent persons ; but the occasional use of magnifying glass, with the corrective of practice of the ordin- ary vision appears to do no harm. The eye is like a machine in the sense that it is liable to wear, and the use of small print without the means of enlarging it is likely, to use up the sight; and small print should be avoided. Even here, however, the nervous condition of the person appears to be an element. One of the millionaire newspaper pro- prietors in New York is a victim in this way to a partial loss of sight; but probably the anxiety he felt about his enterprise had something to do with this.

The trading capacity of women does not come out well in the bankruptcy returns for last year. There were 433 failures, of which 175 were cases of married women, 174 widows, and 84 spinters— an excess of 11 over the previous year. The lia- bilities were £248,420, and the assets £93,271. A table is given of the various occupations carried on by the 397 women who were in businesi. The trades most favoured stand in the following order: Grocery trade, 70 failures ; milliners, 46; drapers, 39; boot andshoomakers, 26 ; publicans, 18; lodg- in7-house keepers, 17; confectioners, 15; bakers, 13'; other occupations not reaching double figures. Taking out the persons of no occupation, we find that women in trade owed £165,725, and showed £71,615 assets. The individual amounts, as the Inspector remarks, are relatively insignificant. The probability is that, in the malerity of cases, the women were trading upon insufficient capital, opened shops in unsuitable neighbourhoods, were mistaken as to the businesses they acquired, and hoped for some charitable or friendly custom which they did not get. Statistics of former years agree with last year's figures in shevving that grocery, millinery, and drapery businesses attract women most, and hence the failures are greatest in these trades. Married women engaged in trade are exempt from the bankruptcy laws, and generally execute deeds of arrangement. The immunity gives rise to some abuses, to which the Inspector again calls attention. For instance, marriage during early proceedings stops bankruptcy.

The Warrington corps of the St. John Ambu- lance Brigade is in a flourishing condition, if we may judge by the excellent turn-out of last Satur- day on the occasion of the annual inspection, and when the Inspecting Officer expresses the opinion that it is the best corps he has inspected this year, it may be taken for granted that it is in a thoroughly efficient state. The movement is one that cannot fail to commend itself to anyone who has sympathy for suffering humanity. The mem- bers are drawn from the various works and rail- ways, and the course of training and instruction they receive enables them to render efficient aid in case of accident, and to promptly relieve the sufferings of the injured person. Much unneces- sary suffering has often been caused through a lack of knowledge as to the best course to adopt until medical assistance can lee obtained. This lamentable state of affairs is, happily, now being gradually removed, and with the continued p,pro- gress of the St. John Ambulance Brigade the ren- dering of first aid to the injured will not be marked by the blundering which has characterised many cases in the past. By inviting the corps to his hall, Mr. R. A. Naylor has not only shown his in- terest in the movement, but helped to popularise a commendable institution.

Throughout the country Wesleyan ministers are on the move to new circuits. This triennial re- moval has again raised the question of the itiner- ary system which John Wesley made such a dis- tinct feature of the Christian denomination which bears his name. The c)pinion seems to be steadily gaining ground that the three years' system is far too short. A Wesleyan minister may be said to have just got well in harness when the fiat of the Wesleyan Conference removes him to another sphere of work. The Rev. George Har- bottle, who has just been removed from Warrington to Leicester, described the system as a triennial uprooting of a man and stated;what must be abundantly clear to everyone, that the breaking of tender bonds which have been formed in a.circuit during a three years' residence, is try- ingin many ways. The question of extending the period has been repeatedly under discussion but no change has yet teen decided upon. A five years' term seems to possess many advantages which should commend it for general acceptance and with a steadily-growing opinion in favour of a change this may yet be achieved without in any way removinz. any of the distinctive features of Wesleyan Methodism.

Some interesting statistics have recently been published by the Labour Department of the Board of Trade with reference to the profit-sharing systein in the United Kingdom and the Colonies. Our readers are doubtless aware that this system has been adopted with conspicuous success by Messrs. Richmond and Company, Limited, gas apparatus manufacturers, of Academy-street. They are amongst the largest of the 85 firms now known to practise profit-sharing. The number mployed by these firms varies according to sea- sons, but the minimum is put down at 50,647, and the maximum at 53,010. Despite the fact that the number of firms has decreased by six as compared with the previous year, the number of employees shows a slight increase. A mean bonus of 5.5 per cent. in wages was paid in 75 cases, compared with 7.2 per cent. in 1897. Excluding 17 cases in which no bonus was earned, the bonus allotted in the re mining 58 cases was (taking into account the- number of participants in each case) at the mean rate of 11.8 per cent., compared with 11.4 per cent. in 1897. It cannot be said that profit shar- ing has been extensively taken up, but the good work which is now being done by the pioneers of this system cannot fail to have an effect upon others in the near future. At present trade is good throughout the country and firms are too busy to Inaugurate such a system. But it is certain that a system which tends to draw employers and employed nearer together and to make their interest in the welfare of the con- cern identical gratine4 fail to be an advantage, and one that must eventually receive a more general acceptance.

Now that the Warrington _Town Council is in possession of the Town Clerk's report on the Local Government Act of 1888, in which the position of county boroughs is clearly set forth, we may ex- pect to hear of some action being taken in the matter. The subject has already been under dis- cussion by the General Purposes Committee,and we understand that the.opinion prevailed that some

===== 0002601_18990825_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY AUGUST 25, 1899

steps should be taken to make Warrington a county borough, and once for all be free from the Lancashire County Council. It is a matter for re- gret that Warrington was not included amongst the County Boroughs when the Act CAME) into force. There was then a population of over 47,000 but to-day it is nearly 65,000 and yet the Corporation has less control over some matters of local importance than towns of far less population or rateable value. The advantages to be gained by the change to a county borough are patent to all who have token notice of the County Council's treatment of Warrington on such questions as the Technical Instruction grant and the widening of Warrington Bridge.

, Before taking such a decisivh step as seeking to separate ourselves from the county authority it is advisable that we should count the cost. There is little doubt that the Lancashire County Coun- cil will oppose the separation both at the local inquiry and in Parliament and the claim set up for compensation will be considerable. The War- rington Corporation is fully occupied at the present moment in developing a number of schemes such as waterworks' extensions and electrical supply besides having in hand the erection of new police buildings, a techniical institute, hospital ex- tensions and ,othar important matters. It can hardly be considered advisable to enter into such an expensive venture as that of making Warring- ton a County Borough before we have somewhat lightened the present burden. The most regret- table feature in connection with any delay which may take place is that the claim of the Lancashire County Council in the event of a separation will increased by the continued progress of the town.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN ATHLETE.

At the Warringtm Borough Police Sp rta on Thu V, day evening, A. Able. Runcorn, ovon a first prire in toe 440 yards, in beautiful style.

NELSON-STREET SUNDAY FCHOOL ANNUAL TREAT.

The Nelson-street Sunday School h.d their annual treat on Wednesday last, when about 150 took train to Sutton Weaver. On arrival there tea was laid out in picnic fashion in a field, kindly lent by Mr. John Bate. After tea, football, cricket, and spans were indulged in. The scholars were accompanied by their teachers and superi itendents, Messrs J. W. Wizley and W. Lambert. Milk was given by Mr. Loraas and Mr..Pihn Bate ; fruit by Mr. Lowe, Sutton Hall ; and swerts and nuts by Mr. Gamon, of Halton. Numerous other friends and Run- corn tradespeople contributed gifts much appreciated by the children.

SUDDEN DEATH OF MRS. _PEARSON. G RERNWAY-ROAD.

On Tuesday morning there occurred a reinarkab'y sudden death in Greenway-road, when Mrs. Ada Levina Pearson, wife of Mr. Samuel Frederick Pearson passed away, after a very short illness. Taken ill with diarrhces on Monday afternoon she succumbed shortly before 7 o'clock on the Tuesday morning foll3wing. Deceased was in her 32ad year, and with h,r hoshand took an active part in the management of the Park- side Dairy. Much sympathy is expressed with the family and sorrowing relatives. DEATH FROM LOCICJAW.—SAD DEATH OF A BOY AT HELSEY.

James Hibbert, aged 10 years, son of John Hibbert, of Helsby, met with a sad accident which resulted in his shockingly terrible death from lockjaw on Friday last. In some unaccountable manner a large nail go; into his foot. He contracted lockjaw, and died from its effects.—Last Monday Coroner J. C Bate held an ir qu st on the poor boy's body, when a verdict of "Death trom lockjaw consequent on the accident " was returned. •

===== 0002601_18990825_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOY DROWNED AT RUNCOR.N.

THE JURY ON THE SITUATION.

THI, WANT OF BATHS AGAIN ILLUSTRATED. A tlagedy, illustrative of the need of Public Baths, in Runcorn, was that enacted on Thursday last, when a number of b3ys went batiaingin a clay-pit off Norman- road, and one of them los', his life. 011 Friday afternoon Mr J E Woreley, clroner, held an inquest on the b icly of George Jones, aged 8 'ears—(tlr3 little boy referred to) —at the Runcorn Police Court.—Mr Robert Wright, Greenwgv-road, was foreman of the jury. Pant J.m3e3, waterman, 81, Shaw-street, Runcom,said dr.vavd was his sin. He left home about 12.15 on Thur,day in his usual health. Witness did not rea him again until he was lee wered from the water. Witness believed that, everything was done that could be thae to save his life. The deceasel could net swim, and had not be- n accustomed to bathing. He believed it was the firs.; time he had been in the water.

rinu3 Lydiate, 7 years of age, son of George Lydiate Byron-street, stated that about 12.30 an the 17ch August he went with the d 'ceased to the Clay Pit at the end of D de-street. Deceased took off his clethes and went into the water. le itnes did not go in, but his brother Flarry aged eight did. The decemed took hold of a piepe of -eceel, and then letego of it awl went down. He went down three times, and witness ran home to tell his parents what had occurred when he met P.C. Bawyer. He came back with the officer. The C:Tener Moser eed that there were three other boys present when deceased went down, but witness was the •ainst ictelligent of them. Anthony Heekenhull, 19, Howarth-street, sated that be was a smith in the euaploy of .4 r. Jaekson, and worked near the pit. About 1.30 on Thursday he heard that a boy was drowned, and went to the pit. He coold not see the boy, and he tied- three rakes together and recovered the body. At the spot where the deceased welt down the water was from 12 to 14 feet deep. He tried at first to recover the body with a piece of iron about 12 feet long, and then he tied the rakes together. end the firA attempt was successful. The place where the boy weat down was ab out the most shallow part of the pit. At the other end he thoeght the water would be more than 20 feet deep. A child who went into the Ipit would have no chance whatever of getting out.—The Coroner : What was the piece of wood referred to ? Witness : I did not see it.—Continuing, witness said the police constable came on the scene within a few minuf or after the body was recovered. Everything was 'dorm to restore life. The boy must have been in the 'water a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes. The pond was fenced round on one bide, taut the Wirer was open.—The Cloroner : Who owne the pond ?—Witness : I can't say. It is known as Mr. Wilson's clay pit.—He had seen boys bething there be- fore. He had occassionally seen two or three there, but be had not noticed smaller bays about the place. Boys were continually playing round theplace —The Coroner: If they go their they are trespassing P—Witness : They must be trespessing.—The Coroner : It would be well if some notice could be put up. Children may go playing round it, and may think it is a harmless pond.—Mr. Price (a juror) : They go there making rafts and float- ing them on the pond.—ln reply to Mr. Moulton (a juror), the witness said on the south side of the pit there was a sort of play ground. Toe boys nestle a play- ground all round the pie. There was nothing to pre- vent them going there. The south side was principally resorted to as a playground. There was no fence what- eve' there.—Mr. Moulton explained that if a boy or an adult fell or slipped down the south side of the pit he would have little chance of getting out. He had seen groups of boys playing cricket and football near the pit. The Coroner : There is no public footpath ? Mr. Moulton : It is made a kind of public foetpeth.— The Ceroner : Then they would be trespassing P—Mr. Moulton : I cannot say that.—Witness : Oh, yes,they would be trespassing.—Mr. Moulton : Are they not bound to put a fence round tbe pit after they have token the clay out P—The Coroner : They are not if it is not on the edge of a public read.—Mr. Moulton : There is a road close to.—The Coroner : There is a law as to the protection of quarries, but I do not think it extends to clay ponds. ' P.C. Bowyer gave corrobotaive evidenv. Witness tried Dr. Sylvester's method of artificial respiration for about 20 minutes or half an hour, by the end of which time Dr. Ormeloy arrived and pronounced life extinct. Witness received every assistance from Mr. M oulton and the boy's father.—ln reply to the Coroner, witness said the land round the pit was a sort of continuation of Delreatreet, The houses were about 20 yards from the pit, which was originally a brickfield. On the un- protected side of the water there was a fall of about 15 feet before the water was reached. Mr. Fisher was the agent for the land. Witness did not know who was the owner of the pit. It would be about 50 yards long by 20 yards wide.—M. Wright (foreman) said it was a marl, not a clay pit. The owner had gone a goo l depth to get at the clay.—The Coroner : Any person going on the vacant land would be trespassing P—The witness : Yes, it would bo trerpassing.—A Jeror : Is there any- thing to show they are trespassing P—Witness : There is no notice to show that.

_ The Coroner thought there could be no doubt that the deceased was accidentally drowned, and there could he na doubt that the policeman and the witness who tied the rakes together did all they ceu'ct to reetore life. He thought they were worthy of commendation for the hum ine efforts they made. The question came ac to what could be done to prevent possibly a rrcarrence of accidents in future. It seemed that the pit was in a meet dangerous situation. In some places it was 20 feet deep, and there was immense danger to those who went to it eitner to wade, make a raft, or tl take off their clothe and bathe as that poor boy did. Of couree, it was on private land, and the owner had a right to turn any peraoa off. Ile thought the foreman of the jury could be directed to call upon the agent and ask him, as a recommendation from tne jurv,that he should either put up a notice stating that bathing was not allowed in the pit, or fence off the end of the pt from Dele-street. But to his (the coroner's) mind fencing off water was very little use. If the agent could up some precautionary notice that the pit was not to be bathed in. or let it be kuown that boys found bathing there would be prosecuted, it might have sotne effect in pre- veating other children from seeing and me-tine with a fate s!milar to the one under consideration. Tney did not say that he was responsible for this fatality, but as a humane mat they segeested that WI should take Forma precaution to guard against a r:curience of such a thing. he thought the verdict ot the jury would be that the boy was accidentally drowned. Mr. Wright (foreman) said he was tmformed by Mr. Moulton that two other boys got into this pit, but were rescued. He suggested that the pit should be fenced round. That would b 3 the obj set of seeing Mr. Fisher.

_ _ The Coroner said he did not believe in fencing. Unless it was made so good as to pract,cally keep a hen 00 it would nrt keep a boy out if he wasted to get in. Mr. Moul,on said the question of the pit had been before the Urban District Council. It was in a very dangerous condition on one side. If that inquiry led to more cars being takon in the future it would be a wry good:think. It had been a great surprise that boys Ind not been drowned there before.

The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. awl recommentle I tbat the agent should be interviewed by Mr. Wright and Mr..Mnult Ns with the object of precau- tionary measures being taken.

To fl.loTHEa3.—lrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect suvess. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button."ol all Chemists is 11 per bottle.—Advt.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATURS.—A.dvt. CYCLES. Premiers. £lO lOs Excelsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids, £l5 10s Od. Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS:AND SHOES UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGB-STREET.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A WIDNES BOY SERIOUSLY INJURED. Last Saturday, Eiward P..rcs Garue, agcd 14, resid- ing at 20, Travis-street, Widnes, whist following his employment in the drum-making shop at tne Widnes Alkali Works, got his hand crushed in the press, fractur- ing three of his fingers. He was tak.da to the Accident Hospital, where his injuri,2s were attended to by Dr. Hutchinson. RUNCORN ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION. An interesting fiAsing match WAM carried out under the auspices of the Run::orn Anglers' Association on Wednesday, when about 17 competed at Green Bridge, on the Bridgewater Canal. The sport, however, was somewhat interrupted by the traffic on the canal. Toe prizes were avJri by : Ist, Mr S Barley ; 2 ad. Mr John Bate; 3rd, Mr W Page; 4th, Mr C Sayle; sth, Mr E John- son.

HOLY _ TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN.

The choir stalls of this church, having undergone certain improvements, a formal re-opening took place on Sunday. In tha morning the pulpit was occupied by the Vicar, and the evening preacher was the Rev. C. E. Stocks, M.A., vicar of Widnes. At the evening service the choir sang with telling effect Goss's anthem " Oh, taste and see." Tke offertories realized a substantial stun.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A FORMER RUNCORN SOLICITOR

On 40-n4-lay a cycling accident, -resulting in serious injury to Mr. Oliver Leak, solicitor. Barnoldswick, and formerly of Runcorn, occurred at Winsford. Mr. Leak was cycling in the town when his fr3nt wheel came in contact with the pavement,and he was pitched violently out of the saddle, falling on his head. Be received two scalp wounds, one five inches long, triangular in shape, and jagged. Both were deep cuts. There was also a bruise on the forehead. Be was taken to the residence of his brother, Dr. Leak, who dres.ed his injuries.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN FIREMAN.

On Tuesday afternoon -the " Queen of the Mersey" tug-boat was towing a large steamer, and on the erder being given to cast off, George Green, a fireman, in releasing the bow rope got his leg entangled in the rope. He was drawn to tne side of the va;sel with terrific force and his leg got severely- crushed. He was conveyed to the Northern Hoipital, Liverpool, where it was found necessary to amputate his right leg above the knee. Young Green resitiei with his mo:ber in Surrev-ztreet, and is one of a large family, hi 3 father being drowned a few years ago.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN CYCLE PARADE.

The Liverpool district correspondent of the " Cyclers' News.' stys :—" One of the worst-managed parades, as far as arrangements for juiging were conc,rned, at which lever officiated was that for several ye,trs past held annually at Runc3rn, and I am sure all who have assisted at the judging mf that parade will not be sorry to hear that they will not b.l ask .1 to go through the struggle arain this this year (A. E Wright," " Brum " White, & Co. Holray !). The p trade has been dropped for this, but local crclists will not have to go afield in search of a sitni'ar function, as the cyclists of Frodsham are to hold a parade." MANCHESTER UNITY OF ODDVELL9WS.—JIII'ENILES

===== 0002601_18990825_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTING.

On Saturday, the juveniles of the Duke of Devonshire Lodge had their annual outing to Overton Hills. Every- thing was provided for them free of cost by the kind- ness of the members of the adult Lodge, who contribu- ted individually to the cost of the outing. They had a full afternoon's sport for prizes, arid they did ample justice to the gocd fare providad at tes. The arrange- ments were in the hands of the officers, Bros. Dwerry. hone, Lane, Harrison, W. Powell, J. Powell, and W. E. Dudley (secretary). Daring the afternoon Ernest Doakin was presented with a volume entitled" Machine Comtruction and Design " ; he baying proposed the highest number of juvenile members during the year.— This item was enthusiastically received. ,

SAD ACCIDENT AT WIGGS WORKS,

Last Saturday,. a sad accident occurred at Wigs Works. Joseph Wilkinson, age-I 17 years, a plumber's labourer, and son of Edward Wilkinson, 27, Windmill. street, Runcorn,was following his occupation in one of the chambers at till works, when for some reason or other be slipped and fell a distance of about 30 feet. When ricked up, he was found to be Beverly injured. The police ambulance was tellaboned for, and attended in a abort space of time in charge of Constable Breeze. When examined the man was found to be suffering from a fractured thigh,severe cuts on the face and head, and slight c-mcusAin of the brain. Dr. McD )ugall was summoned. and. having attended to the man's injuries, superintended his removal home. The do2tor now re- ports the man to be progressing as well as can be ex- pected.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DAMAGE TO TECE PARISI( CRITRCEIYARD RAILINGS.

The last adventure in which Mr. W. Ilankieson's horse and lurry took the prim:l:W !ale; was on attar- day,when in the course of his rounds, the man in eharge of the horse and lurry having just remounted his seat by the Wellington Hotel, the horse boltei, and descended the road in the direction ef the Parish Church at a rapid rate. De3pite the efforts of the driver to stop its mad flight the horse continued—several persons in its path having narrow escapes with their lives—and plunged headlong into the iron railings of the Parish Church- yard, doing c onsiderable damage. The miraculous fea- ture of the escapade was the 'fact that neither man, horse nor lurry suffered any'material injury or damage. The churchyard railings, however, have been literally mowed down for a considerable distance and the kerb has also been much damaged. The driven i n charge was named Charles Charlesworth. LAUNCH OF A PONTOON AT RUNCORN.

Th 3 launcn of the second large pontoon built by Mr. John Stubbs and Sons, Percival-iane, Runcorn, for the Mancbe.ster Ship Canal Co., was eu3cess?ully accom- plished on Tuesday afternoon, in the presence of a tre- mendous crowd. The pontoon is 150 feet long: 40 fe,t wide ; and 7 feet 6 inches da.ep ; weighs 300 tons ; ani cont4ine 10,000 cubic feet of pitch pine ; 603 cubic feet of oak ; 500 cubic feet of kmerican rock elm, and about 20 tons of ironwork, and his a carrying capacity of 800 tons, with a draught of 6 feet. It is intended to be wad for the discharge of timber at Manchester. It is the second which has been built at Runcorn at a cost of £.2,000 eacb. It he tak In nearly five months to build both, during which time £B5O has ben paid in wages, The labour has Iron wholly that of Runcorn. The launch was eminently succeFsful and acconsplished in a mas- terly way, the huge craft taking the water beautifully.

A DITTON TERROR.

Before the Mayor (Alderman Wareing) and Alderman Sadler, at the Widnes police Court, on Monday morning Mary Murray, of the Ball Pal, Diton,was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dirton on the 19th init.— Police-Constable [Hadley said prisoner was quarrelling with another woman outside her own house. She was in a deplorable state of drunkenness. Ile was obliged to bring her to the staid •11, and to alcomplisla this a handcart was requisitioned,—The Chief Constable spoke of the disgraceful condition of the woman when she was brought to the station; A long list of canvictioas was recorded against her, and she had been lx,fore the bench no fewer than seven times.—Alderman Sadler (to prisoner) : If the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Cnildren men were doing their duty you would be sent to gaol for the manner in which you treat your children.—Prisoner : My children are a credit to me.—The Mayor: But you are not a credit to thorn.— Prisoner was sent to prison ,for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO Mn. THOMAS BOOTH.

An interesting presentation took place on Thursday, at the Accountants' and Audit Department, head office of the United Alkali Company, Limited. Liverpool, when Mr. Peter Booth, eldest son of Mr. Thomas Boo'.h, cab proprietor, Runcorn, receivei from his colleagues a handsome marbla timepiece, together with a pair of bronze warrior, on the occasion of his marritge to Miss Mary (Pollie) Crosby, second daughter of the lets Mr. Thomas Crosby, of Runcorn. The presentation was made, in the Presence of the staff, by Mr. Thomas Clarkson, chief accountant of the companv,who testrfied to the esteem in which the recipient was he'd by his co- workers, and on their behalf wished both Mr. and Mrs. Booth every happiness in their new life Mr. T. Whin- yates also made a few appropriate remarks, fully endors- ing what the Chairman had saki. Mr. Booth feelingly respondect, thanking his fellow-workers for their kind remarks and handsome preseots, not only for their in- trinsic value, but more especially for the kindness which had prompted the gifto, and for the good feeling which existed between them.

ASSAULTING A WOMAN AT RUNCORN.-DETAINED UNTIL SOBER.

Peter Rogers, of Porter-street, was summoned at the Runcorn Sessionsio4 Monday,for assaulting Mary Sheen. on the 7th of August, at Runcorn.—The 111,gistra.tes' Clerk: flow is it you did not appear before. You know there is a warrant out for your apnrehension for die- disobedience to a summons on the 14th of Auzus;.— Ev?fendant (huskily) : I was drunk your worship. I have been teetotle for two years and got a little drunk. —The Magistrates' Clerk : Are von sober now ?—De- tendant : Ido not know whether; lam or not ? Its a question.—The Magistrates' Clerk : I don't think you are.—Defendant : I can stand the case anyhow. You know its only a sm,ll nia,ter:—The Bench ord .red the man to the cells until the following morning.—On Tues- day before Messrs. V. Timmins (presiding) and Samuel Taylor, the charge was proceeded with —Mary Sheen, married woman, wife of William Sheen, Porter-street,off Halton road, said the man lodged at the house next do )r. On the 7ch of August she had been putting some of her children to bed, and came to the door to fetch the youngest in, when the man ran her and atter using abusive language struck her with his fist in the face, and pinned her to the door. Her eve had never been right since.—Cross-examined : Witness said she did net .call prisoner an "Irish pig."—Priscilla Wellings, wife of Edward Wellings, a neighbour, swore that she saw 11,gers strike complainant in the face.—Prisoner deniel the offence, and stated that the women were only trying to get him fast because he at one time used to give the complainant money which he had now stopped.—Complainant said that was not so.—Prisoner continuing admitted be was in drink at the time. The Chairman said there was no doubt of the assault, arink was no excuse for it and prisoner would be fined 5s and oats or 14 days.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
T-HE PARISH. CHURCH SCHOOL'S TRIP TO OVERTON,

. The Sunday School seholars,teachers and a large num- ber of friends about 1,100 in all,journed by special train to Frodsham on Wednesday, for their annual outing on Overton Hills. Delightful weather favoured them and everything passed off to expectations. Excellent tea was provided and plenty of it. Sports and games were indulged in to the hearts' content, and ev,rythieg that would make the day enjeyable to children was d me. The scholars were in charge of Messrs. Jordon, and J Littler, superintendents; and the Rev Willisin Sctioea, curate. The prize winners at the sports during the day wro :—Boys: Edward Page, Harold Hughes,Alfred Gibson, Percy Peac)ck, Harry • Strinver, W Davidson, John Cropper, Walter Moyhew. and Bsztram Ccopp?r.— Girls :—Blanche Stringer, Diza Gleave, Aliee. Wools, Eliza Woods, Jessie Gibbs, Lottie Gibion, Louise Tarle- ton, Dara Boyers. The r:turn jeurney was made at about 8 o'clock and Runcorn safely reached.

RUNCORN NOTES. [By A CORRESPONDENT.] The need of public baths for Hano)rn has been illustrated this week in a two-fold manner. First by the sad death of o little boy anxious to have a bathe; and secondly by the swimming galmt at the Big Pool, when the inability of rtuncorn swimmers to secure prizes was so strikingly illustrated. Other illustrations, could be quoted galore.

Tthe air is full of comments upon the" Park and Common," and comparisons are being made be- tween the rejection of a scheme to convert, the Market Lail into a public bath at a cos of £2,300,- and the desire to spend £4,000 on the" Park and Common "—the one being rejected on a plea of "bread versus baths," and the other said to be sub- servient to the same argument. I think the public should not lose sight of the nature of its wants.

Baths are required, and the demand for them is becoming more and more strongly expressed by the ratepayers; and, though the park may be looked upon as a kind of luxury, yet it is one the public in their heart of hearts greatly desire At present they pay high rates and get very little f-r their money. Farther, it would appear as if the only econosnv possible in the administration of Uun- corn's affairs, is that of avoiding plain duty simply because it costs money. How did the rate get o high? Ah ! thereby hangs a story ; the telliKg of which would prove highly interesting.

But to return to the baths and the park. The public want—(demand)—the baths and mean to have them. The " park " they desire to have, and will try to get. Clearly then it is the duty of the "city fathers" to see that they get them—or as much of them as possible—quickly and cheaply. The ratepayers whilst paying so high a rate for "nothing "—will surely not object to paying 31 or 44 more for" something." Beside 3 a little economy, where there's room for it, will reduce tho-e men- strous figures—.E2,3oo for bathe,and .E 4,000 for park —to something like .£3,500 for both.

The Brewster Sessions will beheld at Runcorn on Monday next, and evidences of further attempts to secure an addition to the number of licensed pre- mises are again prevalent. Runcorn, however, is already greatly overstocked with public-houses, and it is to be hoped that those people so anxious to become engaged in the liquor traffic—naturally only because they want to accommodate a large number of their neighbours—may be frustrated. The granting of a license is a matter ef vital im- portance, and this we know the magistrates fully realise. The town does not require any more licensed premises and it is time that fact was realised.

Next week we will be crossing the border-line and entering into the football arena and conse- quently it is only likely we should speculate upon the merits and demerits of our own particular favourites. Personally I should like to say many things about the Runcorn tam, and the Runcorn football club in general but I refrain—this much, however, I will say the chances of a Successful reason are great. The team seems ready to tlke the field without any ruptures of the natilre of those so disastrous to the " club's affairs "last year, and a good start always augurs well.

During the excessively hot weather at present prevailing it may be well to warn people against the prevalence of cholera. Most people are tempted to overindulgence in fruit because of its luscious and tempting appearance. They should, however, refrain, and await the autumn of the cooler days. A few deaths have occurred already in our midst from cholera of some form or another—English or °she? modifications being applied to describe them. But the. fact remains we have to face a danger. Therefore, t behoves us to see to our sanitary arrangements more closely,and insist upon the flushing of our public sewers oftener.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PROSPECTS OF FOOTBALL IN RUNCOTtN.

[BY TUE ZAMBESI. SCORCHBB.]

The prospe-cts of Football in Runcorn' are bright —all last year's men seem exceptionally fit, and during the practice matches are going as well as can be expected. Houghton, who has been enjoying a holiday at the Isle of Man, in every way appears fit. J. Butterworth is as tricky as ever, but would doiwell if he gave young Jones, of Widnes, a few more opportunities than he did last year. Jones is I a fast man and if anything, shows a slight improve- ment on last year's form as regards speed. Tommy Warder and Wilkinson and the younger Butter- worth can all be relied upon far sterling work when called upon. This gives us five reliable three-quarter men and with average luck this should carry us through the season. The half-back line it is sr.fficient to say will be occupied by the redoubt- able Jolley and Faulkner, backed up by Nickson as reserve, and there are also a few other promising men to fill up their positions if occasion requires. The pack is of course the most essential part of a Rugby team and it is upon their energy and stamina that the whole team depend. Well I think that Runcorn may rely upon their "eight," for out of the 14 men on the field on Tues- day night, it will not be difficult to select " eight " worthy of the traditions of Runcorn's palmiest days. Farmer, Walker, Darlington, Lightfoot, Gay- ter, Alf Taylor, Reece, Owen Hughes would make as lively a pack as any and the crowd that got over them would have to be going it strong. Runcorn's chances for a first place in the league should be rosy, and will be rosy from what I can see, as each one of the team and the reserve fully intend to make a bid for the upholding of the honour ot the good old town. The "red-tails "know how to play, if they only will, and when they ara trying, even such teams as Oldham have to go to the wall— " Patriotism can beat money "'any time—and so easy. What are the chances for the cup? About the same as those of last year if Runcorn are going to persist in holding their opponents too cheaply; but if they intend trying throughout---and I realyt believe they do—then I will predict that the club's new president will be the proudest man in the Northern Counties when he raises the cup on high, filled with the sparkling nectar. My advice to Runcorn is go in and win! You have the metal, the spirit, the enthusiasm, and a good reputation on your side; and are opposed by "money "—that is all. Therefere don't let the "filthy lucre "triumph over you this season. Remember a " United Run- corn can face the iootball world, and make it tremble too."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COTTAGE HOSPITAL FOND. SWIMMING GALA. AT RUNCORN.

I' rhe Runcorn Cottage Hospital Fund was founded some five years ago, through the energy of the members of the Runcorn Cycle Club, and several inflaential townsmen; its first secretaries being Messrs. W. E. Dudley and W. Mack. The object of the fund was to provide some accommodation for accidents, Runcorn being so full of industries of a peculiar and hazardous nature—where workingmen who received injury whilst following their employ- ment could be immediately attended to, without necessitating their removal by !train to Liverpool. At the commencement, cycle parades were the order of the day, but owing to Runcorn's everlasting desire for changes, some other method had to he devieed,and thus the swimming gala made its debut under Professor Finney. During its progress the fund has been accumulating, and now about £4OO lies ready for disposal. The advent of a generous philanthropist, who would provide a " cottage " suitable for the purpose, would enable the Com- mittee to apply their fund to maintenance; and that philanthropist would have the thanks of many a Runcorn workingman who through misadventure would partake of its benefits, and would at the same time give an impetus to the fund. Ileder the auspices of the Runcorn Cycle Club, a highly successful swimming gala took place at the Big Pool, Runcorn, on Monday last, the object being to further augment the Cottage Hospital Fund. There was a large and fashionable attendance, and considerable interest was evinced in the several items, which resulted as follows

Youths handicap, 60 yards, (radius 4 miles):-Istsgold medal, E Hughes, Widnes, scratch; 2nd, gold centre mldal, R Sutton' Widnes, 10 secs ; 3rd, gold centre medal, T Lewis, Widnes, scratch; 4th, shirt and vest, J Dwyer, Withrs, 10. Duck race: A Hackney, Widnes. Quarter-mile handicap, radius 4 miles: Ist, marble cloak and bronzes, A Hackney, Widnes, 25 secs ; 2nd, eight day clock, E Hughes, Widnes 40; 3rd, flitch of bacon, E Davies, Widnes, 20 ; 4th:hamper of potatoes, J W Russell, Runcorn, 30 secs. Exhibition swimming Ist, box of cigars,k Hackney, Wldnes ; 2nd, leg of mutton, H P Furness, Widnes. Long dist ince plunge diving: Ist, box of cigars, J Riley, Runcorn; 2ad, underclothing, H P nraes3, Widnes.

Two•hundred and twenty yards. scratch ()pen) :-1t silver cup, H P Porn2ss, Widnes ; 2ad, picture, H :4ancf• ford, Chester.—Three started bur. T Gerrard, Widnes, gave up in the first lap. The other two made a capital race which was won by about 4 strokes. One hundred and twenty yards scratch (local) :—].at, wringing machine, C Lloyd. Widnes ; 2od, ton of coal, J Beni)3w, Widnes; 3rd, copper kettle.W Bruce, Widnes. —Another good race. _ _ _

'Greasy pole :-Ist, ham, J Faulkner, Runcorn ; 2nd, leg of mutton, James Weston, Runcorn. During the races the Runcorn Volunteer Band played elections of music, under the conductorship of Band- master Outhwaite, and at the conclusion of each bvent, Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., Rydal Mount, handed the prizes to the wion,rs. The officiaN r(sponsible for the success of the gala were:—Clerk of ths course.Me;srs W E Dudley; judges. H Cmg,rieve, Moore ; J Taylor. Liverpool ; re- feree, J Wilson, Liverpol ; starter. W Ind, Douglas ; rnarkm:n, S Stubbi, Ira Withington. and G Duckett; handicapper and time-keeper. J Hurstfield, Widnes ; hon. secretary, William Booth ; corresponding bon. secretary, W E Dudley ; treasurer, W Banks, and a's the following m.?mbers of the committee : Mr H Meld, Mr E Turner, Mr P Dmkin, Mr T Crawford Mr Georze Ilizlehurst, Mr William Moston, Mr T Rath- bone, Mr J Waring, Mr F Hindley, Mr W Byfield, Mr S Boyers, Mr L Bebbiugton, Mr J Taylor, Mr J Board- man.

The following ladies and gentlemen have kindly given prizes :—Mr S raylor, J.P., Mr R Morris, Mr W Banks, Mr G. Dack'ztt, Mr Unsworth, hatter. Mr J Savage, draper, Mr B Trevitt, Mr Kennedy, Mr C Watson. Mr E Turner,Mr C Ball,Messrs J Bull and Co.,Mr G Percival,Mr S Houghton' Mr T Woods, Mr Boardman, Mr George Horsefield, Messrs Ellison and Corker Mr W Byfield, Messrs bamla and Watts, Mr George Slums, Mrs Ind, and others.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
GALA. AT THE BATtIS,

POLO MATCH.-NORI'll v. MIDLANDS.

A crowded attendance assembled at the Corporation Batts on Saturday evening ta witness a swimming gala organised by the Warringtm Swimming Club, the chief feature of which was a polo match between the repre- sentative of the North and Mtdland pOo teams. The other items of the programme were of an attractive character and the arrangements for the evening were carried cut most satisfactorily. The hon officials were : Judges, Messrs J Derbyshire, J Critchley and T Locker; handicapper and starter, Mr J Derbyshire; check starter, Mr G Graticds ; competitors' stewards, Messrs R Harding and C H Wood; bon secretaries, F Garside and A G Robertson. Councillor Dr. Canoe!l presided, and during an interval in the entertainment spoke of the advantages of a knowledge of swimming, and alluded briefly to the rapid strides made by the War- rington Swimming Club.

The first item was a hundred yards open handicap,for which there were 43 entries. There were no very "clasAy" eempetitors, but the heats were well competed and provided plenty of excitement. In the eight heat J E Cronshaw. Warrington, was disqualified for ;tieing before time. G Nevison, Wigan, and H Roberts, tiouth- port, swum a dead heat. Tiv tenth was alas a dead heat between W R Smith, Crosby, and T W Davies, Warrington. G B Green, Sailer d, a very young swimmer, bad a very ptpular victory in the ninth heat. The final was a most exciting race. L R Williams, Northwich,looked a likely winner until fifteen ynrd3 from home, when W A Sherlock, Salford, swum very strongly and won by a foot, half a yard separa tin! the second and third, Williams and May,Salford. Appended are the details: Winners of heata : W Collier, Bedford ; 20ec ; F M Whitehead, Salford, 14 ; L R William', Northwich, 23 ; E W Warren, Warrington, 25 ; W A Sherlock, Salford, 16 ; T Swarbrick, Ostnirne, 20 ; Stan- ley A May, Salford, 11 ; G Nevis Na, Wigan, 11; and H Rlberts, Southport, 20, dead heat •, G EGreen, Salford, 23 ; W R Smith, Crosby, 10. and T W Davies, Warring- ton, 15, dead heat ; W Sims, Bedford, 20 ; C S Wigan, 13. Second round, Williams, Sherlock,Mav, and Sims. Final : 1, Sherlock; 2, Williams ;3, May ; 4, Sims.

An exhibition of trick swimming was given ley "Little Tich," whose age is eleven years, and who has won over 90 prizes. This was not his first appearance at the baths, and, as on .a previous occasion, his per- formance was received with every sign of pleaaure. T. Wright, of Oeborne S.C., gave interesting exhibitions of blindfold and high diving. He dived three times, ogi the Last occasion blindfolded, from a platform near the roof of the building, and afterwards dived from the height of the balcony blindfolded, and with arms and legs tied. His feats were watched with considerable in- terest, and their successful performance evoked hearty applause. J H Derbyshire (holder 100 yards world re- c•nel) gave a display of fast swimming against P Lister 1,008 yards champion, 1898. The international trial polo match was, of course, the principal item of the evenieg, and aroused great interest. TIZO Northern players have won five out of the six previous contests and lost one. For Saturday's match a stronger team could not have been chosen to represent the North, but one of the selected, W. H. Lis- ter, had obtained permission to be absent. This doubt- less weakened their back division somewhat, as Lister is at present playing the best back game in the cenetry, besides which his ability as a goal scorer is not to be dis- rgarded. F J Traynor (Everton) was called unou to fill the vacancy, thus making the third Everton plarer included in the team, whilst the champions were reap- seated by Derbyshire. Werrington supplied Robertson as goal-keeper.Evertott full backs in Traynor and ,knee, and White Star R. Sharrocks as half-beck. Ripley, of St. Helens, and Formby, or Everton, made up the forward rank. The Midlands team was as follows : Goal, H R Aulton (Walsall), backs. W Dorman (Sineth- wick), .1 E Taylor (I,iicester) ; forwards, Howkins, J A Jarvis (captain international) (Leicester), .1 Andrews (Smethevick). Mr R C Beale, London, was referee, and Mr A Thomson timekeeper. The North defended the e'eallow end in the first half. The opening phases of the match were distinctly in favour of the Midlands team, who Iveded by their cap- tain, Jarvis, at once tested Robertson. That player was on the alert, and a smart clearance was well taken up by Ripley. The latter passed neatly to Sharrock, and with an oblique shot the White Star representatiee gave Atli- ton no chance to SWEI his goal. This early success of the North team was hailed with loud cheers, but the goal was only a forerunner of a hot fusilade on Aulton's charge, for directly the ball bad been thrown in from the centre of the bath, the North team again got within shooting distance and Ripley added another goal. The next minute saw Aulton again defeated by Sir:no*, but after a short spell of give-and-take play, Jervis changed the' venue to the shallow end. The e.itay there however, was very brief, for Sharrock, eluding Jarvis, dribbled the whole length of ,the bath and aide,/ goal number four. Robertson dealt with a shot from Andrews in workmanlike style, and after his clearance Ripley took tho tall to the deep end, where he passed to Sharrock. who made an attempt at goal, ,but refusing to be denied stored the fifth goal from the clearance. Combined play between Derbyshire and Sharrocks led to the old champion adding a sixth goal, and the into?- vat was reached with the score six goals to nil. On resuming the North men again displayed superier form and their combination was far too good for the Midland men. Smart work between the North forward-, baffled the Midland defence, and Sharrock being served at an opportune moment defeated Aulton. These rapid successes of the North tam created the greatest enthusi- asm, and evoked loud cheering. Aroused by this series of reverses, the Midland men made their way to within measurable distance of the North goal and Traynor be- ing penalized, Jarvis took advantage of the opportunity

t 7

by scoring tie Midland's firtt goal. A minute later Jarvis was again successfu', a beautitul shot allowing Robert- soa no'chance to clear. Tile North men vigorously retaliatai, and fine passing lo,tween Ripley and Formby took the ball into the Midland half, where _WWII was cheered for a brilliant clearance. The Midland men were again to the attack, and ia quick succession Jarvis and Andrews added goals. Time was called shortly after with the score,North sevel goals, Midlands four. For this mach a Croydon Water Polo Stop watch was used. Tnat the best team won goes without saying. Their combination was rgir superior to that of their opponent.. Skarrock at half back displayed wonderful form, and none of his shots gave Aulton any chance. The forwards combined wtll and Shsrrock took advantage of their smart play, especially of that of Derbyshire. Of the backs Barrett was far superior to Traynor, and there was a soundness about his defence which could not epcape notic. Bobertson in goal was in capital form, and could not in the least be blamed for any of the goals credited to the opposing team. On the other side Aulton was completely at sea in the first half, but re- dz,erned his reputation in the concluiing stages of the game with some really wonderful saves. Taylor was the pick of the backs, but Lakin suff:?red in comparison to Sharrock at half. Jarvis received little support from the other Midland forwards, but his own excellent play was the stavi=ct of much comment. The pr,zes in the open handicap were distributed at the conclusion of the polo match.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODSHA.M.

SCHOIL TREA.r p FRODSaim.—The Misses Haye2, Frodham, on Satur:lay gave tne children attending the new Sunday school at Froisnam Widge a eanital treat ; entertaining them to tea and providing them with amusFments and also giring them presents. Amongst the amusements was a•' Pun h and Judy show " effici- ently manipulated by Mr. W. Fraser Jones, Runcorn. A bm.utifully fine day and congenial surroubdlngB caused the chi'dren t 3 spend a happy day,and one which they will not milliy forget.

R Si; i (Ails nSrD 17;nS c, ht: st fell; e I a; a nßte: I Respectable e a leniss;rGTiaonvt: LL In all capalities ; referenel,.

NAT ANTED. good GlitllitiAL SERVAN.t...—AppIy BUCK V HEAD. Abram, Wigan.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS, 3s. IH. per pair; postage 2cl. _LA COLTMA.N'S STORM!. 9, Sussex-street, Middlesborugh.

-LIRENCI-1 and AMERICAS' RUBBER Co.—Post free, a 28 plge illustrated price li3t, also valuabla information.— Address AlafxsorT. 53, Hill-street, Middlesborough.

GRINDSTONRS.—Jobn BOND. Rowsloy, Derbyshire.

ATENTOR CYO LE.—Mentor Cycles from £8 as. with It Warwick Tyres, guatanteed 12 months. Send for Us. Money returiv-d if not approved.—MENTOß CYCLE CO. Northumberland-road, Coventry.

QD.—Do you wish your TRUTH like Pearls. Then use PERLADRBIi, the perfect tooth powder. Perfumed with Otte of Hose. Thmked in handsome tins of the usual 6d size. Our price 3d. only. Ask your gralcer or chemist for it- -2 tins sent post free for 6:I.—CHEAL BROS. Lin., 15.8109110 M, street, Bishupsgate, London. A sole agent wanted in this ciistrlct.

CI-WIWI-1 Turret and Stable elJuLlKS.alsoprojt,ctiug drums Clocks for di,posal cheap; reliable timekeepers onaterir and. workmanship unequalled ; part payment cm remain 12 months as guarantee.--Siussu BRofs., Clock Manufac- urers, Walthamstow.

DOUGHTON LOVYCK AND CO. 46, Pall Mill, London. Every description of Turf Business Transietei, Lowest prices. No commission.. Best of Terms on application.

66 WA H H rw HLTI EALT SALT."—Se 3ad in stamps and we will send you post free to sample a 4d tin of chis first elms article.—WAELTl AND Co., 33, AC/slay-street, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

EA.D THlS.—Special offer of high grade SILVER It ENGLISH LEV.RES ; compensated balance; Brequet Boring ; correct timekeepers 45s ; warrautfid 5 years ; usuat price 6 guineas. To advertise watches 4 real gold Front studs given to each purchacer.—WooisEr, Manufacturer. 44. Middlegate-street, Great Yarmouth.

A GENTS wanted to sell IiUBBRIL STAMPS: money easlly earned, free postage, free stamp given.—A. Ronnteort, 3, Crown-street. Bolton, Lancashire,

215 10, mallionlFilrecal;: rT frame, PIANOf nI tr cwh iotrhd nc hd 111 149 t? impovementJ, carriage Ne, photo !sent, W. HOWLETT,. Marka Place, Norwich.

SPBCI AL OFF= —MOOLTIROO, finest Anstrallian Bur- gundy, price Ks doz. To introduce tnis wine, offered for short time 15s case bottles, eqrrisge includet—ii•WKES- ßUßY WINE Co., Entall-ttreet, Bristol.

fIAPITAL. Seeking Sound Investments, COMMERCIAL ki EXCHANGE, Moorgato Station Chambers, Loudon, 8.0.

NVORRIED MOTHERS.—Dr. BAlfout's Every Wife an Mother's BOOK containiniOnformation of the utmost mportance to the sex. don't tail to send; all should read it* oat tree 2 stamps.—CENTRAL DisPENSARY, 174, Kingsland- road, London, 11.

A LOCATE Grease Proof Hygienic Sandwich WRAPPERS 11. free 18 nd per boz.—leauscil BARTON, Blackburn.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated 1848 or earlier, 1892 or later; also last Arctic; £2 each given.—MAxo TOMBS, Droitwien.

101 EDUCED VITALITY.—Herb cure Treatise for one atamp.—Jonn DODD, 60, Magdalen-yard Read, Dundan

130 ST Plidtii a2B page illustrited Price List, Belts, Bee.- I. dazes, and all kinds rubber goods. —ATKIIIBoN, 56, Hill- street, Middlesbro'.

011! I SEE. LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. TOMIUNSON and lIARDI'6' PATENT SPRING -L. ATTACHMENT, to existing window and other fas- teners, without removal We will forward to anyone one dmen of our Patent Burglar Proof spring Attachment o+ receipt tr. 1s 6d (post free) with plan. With working model 12s per gross °lab with order Having hundreds of unso- licited testimonials from Builders'. Hoxse Agents Etc. we guarantee Patent Sprsng, or money returned. TOMKINSON AND HARDY, PATKNTL'ES, 262, CORPORATION-S ritERT,

It()JAM'S DINNER PILLS. Invaluab!e for Indigestion. Try them; Is 10 post free from Eoz.spg, Sandringham- villas, Margate.

'Timms AND OUTFITTERS. Advertiser open to cut and make (own woritthops) Ladies' and Gents CLOTHING.—BuLLoCK, 56, Mile Rnd-road, London.

VALUABLE INFORMATION. MARRIED PEOPLE SHOULD SEND

3 STAMPS FOR ILLUSTRATED GUIDE_: SIMPLE, SAFE, RELIABLE, INEXPENSIVE.

MA DAME FA FILNIGH, 160. HAOKNIir KOAD,LONDON.

SDTCLAIR'S

HE ART

TONIC

PILLS

66 rriHTi CYCLE-WO L is 2 I.—GE°. Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT REMEDY

for All fgrms of HEART DISEASE, PALPITATION. WEAKNESS,

Write for pamphlet.

nice is. lid. 2s. 9d. and 41-. 6d.

post free,

RENRY SINCLAIR, 17, SHAFTESBUILY AVENUE, LONDON, W.

RKERS PRACTICAL ASSISTANT." Ai. liAmusoN, 6. Manning-street,

1 IVICN AWAY' this week ONLY Samples of ROJAWS lIINNBR PILLS. Send Id stamp for reply.—RoJam, Sindrin,ham Vilbs. Alar2ate.

WLOSSY FOR THE HAIR.—The osly perfect remedy for all hair complaints ; a single trial will convince you of its practical effet ; .price 2s .post free, including free 'Coupon of a gran! Competitinn wall unlimited cash prizes. —Addreis WL 'SST Co.. 40, Well-strcet, Hackney, London. N.B. Competition closes Augaist Ist.

DIMLING-14AM GOOO3, Everything. Wholesale Book 10 free (O,nV CAtalogues Is). Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

ITEATRSIDT4 CONTINUATION SCHOOL, SESSION 1899 —l9oo.—Good ViLICIFIBII WANTED, for above- Scho3l, not necessarity a day school teacher.—Apoly, stating quatiftutions, to Mr. T. Goanax, Heathstde School, 'iVarringt,on.

Arbiro ONNTLEMIIIN in responsible positions _LA WAND to take up good paying Agency; will not interfere with present employment. Give full par tiell RCS as to where employed&e.—T. Ow EN AND Co.. 3 Ellitland Avenue. 'ialford.

DINGOR, North Wales.--Oomfortable APARTMENTS. LP bath, &c.; highest pie, of city.—Mr. HoDGINs, 8, Victoria Park.

CIOLWYN BL—Comfortab,e APARTMENTS : usual convenienoas ; terms mo.ierate.—Mrs. &MEE!, Llys Hellg, Erskine-road.

LANDIMNO.—WeII-Furni.bed and Comfortable Areati- I_J MENTS ; gond attendmice ; terms moderate.—Mils WHITE. OtlrZln tlnnie. Crafg-v-dol.

QT. ANNKS-ON-SUt,—APAIMIIiNTS : Mrs. Ducx- WORTH. Grasmere House, St. Albans-road. public or private; bath ; piano; terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL—SpIeudid Corapiuy 11.0U6ti ; sea view from four sitting-rooms ; full at present; must be s ; ingoing about £3SO.—DICKLUON AND PULLEY, 11, Coronation-street, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\ 'IT, i ~,, I

===== 0002601_18990825_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
t, . ;. _., , „....,,,, , ...., ,_ .. , 4; i AO ~ , _

===== 0002601_18990825_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/.5,:;„ 431, p;

===== 0002601_18990825_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST TONIC. Nervous Troubles are closely related to troubles in the digestive organs ; indeed, they ara generally trace- able to defective digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach doe not digest the food. the necessary supply of viral particles ,xlecn the blood should receive from properly digested f (Jou fails, the demand made upon the blood by the various organs of the body, for these life and strength giving particles cannot be answered, and the result is feit alm)st imme- diately upon the sensative portions of the human organ, ism—the nerves. Impure blood irritates the nerves- and causes nervous debility. Weak persuns are gener ally nervous. In nine cases out of ten if the imperfec digestion be remedied the nerveusness and debility wi'l disappear. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been tried and pr:..ved to be the best tonic ever discovered ! It strengthens the digestiou, purifies the blood, braces the nerves, and gives tine to th 3 whole system, restor- ing its equilibrium, and increasing its powers of resisting disease. The Standard of Excellence in the preparation of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is without doubt. It is purely vegetable. P, contains the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the Best Remedial Agents, and to possess the most Healing and Curative Properties, viz., Sarsaparilla,Burdock,Gentian, Lavender, Ssffron, and Dandelion scientifically com- bined in the most happy proportions with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. It is undoubtedly owing to its excellence that sufferers frr..m indigestion, Biliousness, and every phase of Dyspepsia are so rapidly relieved and set free from all symptoms of General De- bility, Palpitation, Nervous Trembling, and Sleepless- ness. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, or has been weakened by disease, and there. fore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. It purifies the blood and stimulates the cir- culation. I: assists and promotes Digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. It rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. It removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body. It gives tone to the whole system. We would specially warn our readers to beware of unprincipled imitations. See the name" Gwilym Evans" on label, stamp, and bottle, and remember that any preparation offered as Quinine Bitters which does not bear this name (as above stated) is a fraudulent imitation and counterfeit. Gwilyn Evans' Quinine Bitters is Fold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 91. and 4s. 63. each, and in cases cootain- ing three 4s. 63. butt es at 12 6i. per case ; or it will te sent for the above prices post free direct from the Pro- prietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. GWILYAI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

AN UNGRATEFUL WORKHOUSE INMATE. On Monday at the Borough Police Court, before the Mayor and other magistrates, a young woman named Sarah Jane Mannion, a widow, was charged with neg- lecting tier two children, who had in consequence be- come chargeable to the Unioo.—Mr. Sh anr prosecuted on behalf of the Guardians, and stated that the defen- dant and three childcen were admitted to the Workhouse about a year ago. She remained there until the begin- ning of the month, ani, as she had conducted herself fairly well, and seemed anxious to go out to earn her living, a ettuation was found for her as well as some clothing by the Ladies' Visiting Committee. A good out- fit was provided, and her wages were 53 a week. lie knew the house where she was engaged. It was a very comfortable home, but she only remained there a week, and had not since been near the Workhouse. The Guar- dians were naturally very indignant at her conduct, and asked him to prosecute her. She had treated all in connectirn with the house very badly.— Mrs. Ward, the matron, stated that shc remembered the defendant coming to the house in August, 1893. During the last few months cf her stay in the house she had been very good and had worked well, although at one time she was placed in class D owing to her misconduct. An excellent outfit and a very good home were found for her at a well-known farm house.—Mrs. Fernside, por- tress, said the defendant once worked for her and she did very well.—Defendant said she was unable to kneel as she was suffering from " housemaid's knee." She had not sufficient liberty allowed her at the farm.—Mr. Shearer said they had a large number of similar eases, and the Guardians had been put to great expense. None of the women stayed in situations for more than a week. —The Mayor said the ease would be adjourned for a month, and if in the meantime the defendant did not show an improvement, and a desire to maintain her children, ski would be severely dealt with. The Guar- dians and all concerns I appear to have been very kind to her.—Defendant : I shall give Mr. Shearer some- thing on account on Saturday. I have not deserted my children, because I am fond of them.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Roberts (chairman), Councillor Smethurst, and Messrs. J. Hepherd and Wrigh% MAINTENANCE ORDERS.- Thomas Murray. 63. Howard-St., WAS summoned for the maintenance of his wife by the Union.-Mr. Shearer said the wife had been taken to the Warrington Infirmary and from there transferred to the Workhouse. He asked for an order of 65 per week.-The order was made and costs allowed.-Thomas Burns, 9, Dutton-street. was also summoned for the maintenance of his wife.-Mr. Shearer asked for eis. The man had offered 35.- The defendant had no one to keep but himself, and was in regular work.-Defendant said he had his father to keep.- Order made for 4s per week. TRESPASSING IN PURSUIT OF GAME.—James David- son and James Bloomfield, both of Garibaldi' street, were summoned for trespassing in pursuit of game, on land in the occupation of Thomas Lowe, Sat.key Hall. and destroying roots oa land in the MdifriatAcita of Frank Grimshaw, Gateworth Farm.-Mr Thomas Lowe Belli the damage to his oats by these men and others was considere.ble.--4,1r Frank Gricnshaw. jun., said on August 3rd about 8.30 et Biel!, !nS sfiVitti mert wi„;7l walk- ing round the fields. He teicl. them they had no rlgnt ihae. They had a (LI and gun with them.-Mr Weave also gave *vidence.-Each as find 103 and costs or in default fourteen days. DESERTIOX.-John Mathews,Thaatre Royal,Wet Bromwich Was charged with deserting his wife.-Mr Browne represented the complainant and the defendant did not appear. Elizabeth Jane Matthews said her husband was acting manger of the " Prodigal Parson S' Compan 7 and was at present at West Bromwich. They were married at St Paul's Church. Warrington, in March 1888 Ile left he: on the 4th July. She had not heard from him since nor had any money off la= for seventeen weeks. He had telegraphed that morning to say he would pay her 153 a week. Isis salary. continued complainant, was £2 lOs per week. She asked for a separa- tion order and 15s per week.-Tnis was granted with costs Two WOMEN DIFFER.-Annie Barnes, 13, Dial-street, was charged with assaulting Emma Hoarty, 3. Brick-street, on the 11th August.-Complainant said Mrs. Barnes came up:to her as she was standing at her door and called her bad names. Defendant spat in he: face and then hit her on the face Complainant shut the door, and defendant nearly kicked the Panel in.-Defendant who denied the assault, was fined 5s and costs. AVVT Two 0045.-James Slater, 72, Lythgoes-lane, and lonathan Swanton, 15, Mason-strest, were charged with assaulting George N Vernon.-The complainant stated that when he was opposite Jackson's pawnshop in Church-street, he saw a crowd watching two dogs fighting. Slater wanted to let one dog worry the other, but witness said he would not do so while he was there, and complainant then hit one dog over ths head with a cane to separate them. Slater then hit complainant with great force on the cheek bone. They had a bit of a tussle, and then nvranton lifted up his fist and com- plainant closed with him to see leis face.-Corroborative evidence was given by two witnesses named Watson and Lawrence .-Evidence was also given for the defendants, but they were each fined 5s and costs THE USE OF g HREATs.-Catherine Riley was summoned for using threats towards Mary Fallon on the 12th August,- Both parties live in Viatkin-st.-Mrs. Fallon said de: endant came up to her house on the day in question nod said she had done seven days for her and would do fourteen days, two months, or six months. Later on defendant said if she would come out she would give her a d-n good hiding.-Bound over to keep the peace.-Samuel Hunt, I,Foundry-street, was also summoned for a similar offence on the 11th August, against Elizabeth Helder, 50. New-road.-After nearing evi- dence the Bench dismissed the case. SATURDAY.-- Before Messrs. T. Birchen (in the chair) and J. W. Hayward. CHARGE AGAINST AN ARMY RESERVE MAN.-George Pyne, of the Army Reserve, was charged with failing to report himself on Dec 'rater Ist, 1893, and April Ist. 1899.-He pleaded not guilty, and stated that he hag lost his pipers. -A sergeant from the barracks said that defendant was an army reserve man and had failed ty report himself on these two occasions. If he had reported himself he would have received his pay. He came to the barracks on Friday and wanted to report himself, but he was taken into custody.- Defendant said he had reported himself, but not in War- rington, and he had written to Warrington saying that he had lost his papers-The Chairman said ~efendant had given a good reason for not having reported himself, and they would dismiss the case. WIFE DESERTION.—John Esdale was charged on a warrant with running away :ram uhe borough, leaving his wife and three cbildren chargeable to the COmmoß funds ot the Union.-Mr Shearer, who prosecuted on behalf of the guardians. stated that the prisoner's wife and three children were admitted to the workhouse en July 10th. It appeared that the prisoner, with his wife and chiloren, came over from the north of Ireland. and prisoner obtained work at the Winwick Asylum. On the date in q Lestion he left the borough and had since been up and down the country. On Friday he came to Warrington and was apprehended. He bad no money, and he admitt-d having scent it all on him- self .-The prisoner's wife stated that when he left her on the 10th of July she thought he was in Rochdale. She had never heard from him and had not received any money.-Prisoner was committed to prison tor our month. MoNDAY.-Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Blackhurst. Councillors Smethurst and Shaw Green. and Messrs. T. Michell and S. Wright' A P.SH HAWKER I 4 TROVB::.R.—Williim Conner, a fish hawker, who now made his 40th appearance, was charged , . I

BLANCHARD'S FEMALE NUS

" NEVER FAIL." Lre ,:kr,wleilged to be the only genuine remedy. for CorreNing IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Thcyare certi.in to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by nost from V. BLANCHARD, Forest sd., Dalstonitondon.

with having been guilty of disorderly conduct in the Market place on the 14th August. —The defendant, who lives in Hardy-street, pleaded not guilty.—P.C. Smith stated that he was on duty in the Market at 6.20 p.m., on the 14th August. when he saw the defendant and another man lying across the footpath. He asked them to remove. The defendant refused to do so and lay on the ground for a quarter of an hour —Defendant said he was waiting for some goods to be packed. He had rested there many times, but this was the first time he bathbe-n to'd he was doing wrong.—fhe Chief Constable informed the Bench that obstructions and riotous conduct in the market were causes of great annoyance to those living in the neighbourhool. A well-known trades- man hid occasion to make a complaint no later than Wed- nesday last. Although this was the defendant's 40th appear- ance there was not a better conducted man in the town a times. The defendant appeared to lose his head occasionally. —Mr- Birchall : In drink he does.—He was bound over to keep the peace for six months. PITCH AND Toss.—Ernest Woods (17). David Br szsniale (16), and Wilfrid Percival (14) w-re fined 2s 61 e Ica for play- ing at pitch and toss in Thelwall-lane.—P.C. Corcoran proved the case. A BOY'S REVENGE—James Wilkins, a lad, residing In Eastwood-road. Lower Walton, was charged wits throwing stones in Lower Walton on the 10th August.—Leonard Bow- cock (13) said he resided in Liverpool-road, and on the 10th August (the day of the snow at Walton) he was in the Borough-road, and when about 253 yarsie from the swing bridge he saw the defendant pick up a stone and deliberately throw it at one of Mr Connor's 'buses, bre eking :one of the windows.—The lad said a boy pinches! him, and he threw a stone at him, not intending to break the window.—Pined in the costs.—lt was stated that the mother of the lad had paid 108 to Mr Connor for the damage done to the window. A BARMAN ROUGHLY USED.—Thomas Edward Griffiths, 82, Glazebrook-street, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street, at twenty rminutes to seven on Saturday evening, and with refusing to quit the Lion Hotel. Bridge-street, and with assaulting James Catherall barman —Catherall stated that the defendaat came into the vaults drunk at half-psst six and asked for drink. When he was refused and asked to leave the house, defendant offered to fight anyone in the place. Witness put him out and while he was doing so the defendant, who was very violent,bruised him severely about the arms. Defendant asked him to go round Arpley to fight with him. A policeman came up and the defendant ran up Shipyard, but he was c tught and taken to the Police Station.—P.O. Carter gave cx.frobsrative evidence, and the defendant was fined la and costs. ASSAULTING HIS MoTHEß.—Patrick Murray, 10, Dutton- street. was charged with having been drrink and disorderly in Dutton-street at 1 30 on Sunday morning.—P.S. William- son stated that on hearing a complaint about the defendant he proceeded to Dutton-street, where he saw a large crowd in front of the defendant's hoase. He heard that the defea- dant had assaulted his mother. On going into the house he saw defendant's mother, drunk, with a cut on her head. Defendant followed him out of the house, and shoated after him, using very abusive language. He was mad drunk.— P.S. Bell stated that the prisoner refused to be searched at the Police Station.—He was fined 10s and costs. MAINTENANCE CASES.—Henry Chilton. 2 Lee's-yard. was summoned for non-payment of £483 6d arrears due towards the maintenance of his step-son, who is now on the ship Clio. An order was made for immediate payment. —James Poole. 40 Wellington-street, was also ordered to pay £2 19e arrears in a similar case.—An order was made upon Martin Lane, of 87, Town-hill to pay one shilling per week towaris the maintenance of his son who is in the Birkdale reforma- tory. OBSCENE LANGUAGE'—MatiIda Miller. 5. Helsby-street. and Lizzie Shaw. 8 Orford-strost were each fined 5s for using obscene language. - - -

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (In the chair). Coußeillor

Shaw Green and Mr

T. Birchalf.

THE ALLEGED KICKING OUTRAGE. -On tie name being called of Arthur Cavennv, who has been remanded several times on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily injuries on James Barnett. on the 23rd duly, the Chief Constable ex- plained the facts of the case, and asked for another remand for a week, the prosecutor being still unable to attend be- cause of his injuries.—The application was agreed to.

_ , honor, ATTIMDANCE CASES.—The following persons were fined for neglecting to send their children regularly to school: —John Henry Craddock, 172, Battersby-lane is. ; dward Jams Barker, 4, Dial-court, is. ; John Clough. L 4 B street, 21.3 W:lliarn Henry hlairs.B, Barry-street2s. ; William (item ei 4, Powys-street, 2s.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs J Geides (In the chair), SU' T

Birch&ll.

A POLICEMLN ASSLULTED.—Ntary Minnion, Welsh's- yard, was charged with usin.r obscene language in that yard, and with assaulting P.O. Howard, whilst in the execution of his duty,at eleven o'clock On Tuesday morning.—She pleaded not guilty.—Maggie Mahon, of 43, Old-road, stated that at eleven o'clock she was in Welsh's-yard, when she heard the prisoner using very bad language and she tiled to choke witness, because she had accused her of stealing a quilt When witness fetched P.C. Howard. prisoner threw a clothes prop at her, and used very bad language towards the constable. She was arrested, but was released by several of her neighbours, who took her into her house. P.C. Howard brought her out, and she was taken into custody P.C. Howard said he was called to Welsh's-yard, where he saw prisoner, who was using very obscene language. He saw her assault the last witness, and he arrested her in the entry. Some women rescued her from him and he followed her into the house, where she struck him on the back with a poker, and he again took her into custody. While he was taking her down the entry she became very violent, and he was obliged to put the handcuffs on her.—Mr. Bwdett. commission agent of Old-road, stated that he heard the prisoner using bad language, between nine arid ten o'clock.—The Chief Constable Informed the Bench that the prisoner acted “like a madman," but was perfectly sober.—Prisoner denied having assaulted the constable.—The Chief Constable said this was the woman's fifth appearance th's year. In the neighbourhood from which the prisoner hailed, there were always disputes like this going on. He asked the Bench to make an example in this case The prisoner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—B—efore Messrs. A. Thomas (presiding), and Charles Reynolds. WANTING TO FlGHr.—Jamds Robinson. labourer, of Nelson- street. was brought up in custody, charged with being drunk in Nelson-street, at 5-33 on the 19th inst.—The prisoner pleaded guilty.—P.C. Edwards who proved the CA69, stated that he found the man drunk and wanting to figut an old man about 70 years of age.—Fined 5s or 14 days in default. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—A CASE WITHDRAWN.—AIice Peers married woman, of Nelson-street, was summoned for using obscene language in Wellington-street. Runcorn, on the 14th of Auzust.—There was also a summons taken out egainst her by a neighbour, Mrs. Elizabeth Cressavell. for using threats to her on the same date.—Defendant stated the case with Kr?, Cresswed had been settled. She was guilty of the offen .e.— Thomas steete, 13, Pool-street, said he war engaged as check- take: at the Royalty Theatre. RunCOrn. On the evening of the 14th of August the defendant came to the theatre door and he asked for her" check," whereupon she came out with the language alleged.—Defendant said she was sorry, 10,-, was looking for her husband who was on the drink- Ohe was sincerely str•ry, and would assure the Benet if they looked leniently at this ler first offenc-e, she woulcl never do such a thing Again.—Fined 55. SUMMONS Winton/a:alt.—Summonses taken out by the Runcorn Urban District Council against f John Hudson, Dale-street; Thomas Fearnett. Met-street ; and Elizabeth Barn- s. Oxford-street, in respect to claims under the Private Street Works' Act., were with Irawn as settled. THE GAS Bu.t..—Samusl Handles. Lyol-street. was sum- mono I by toe Runcorn Gas Company, for 105 Id gas rent. Defendant did not appear,—The case having been proved by Mr. Harold Chadwick an order was made for the amount with costs. —A similar claim against Henry C Baines was adjourned to ths nth inst. ,A Bore BID LA.NGUAG,:.—CharIe3 BenthaM, Baton-Street Runcorn, was summoned for using ooscene language in Hal- ton-road, on the 19th inst —Defendant pleaded guilty.— Police C aastable Fry stated that he saw the defendant in Haiton•road at about 0-45. He was in the act of drinking ow of a ginger-beer bottle,when another lad we it up to I,lsn and ask-at for a drink Defen lant then us:: I the expression complainel of. There were a nnmber oh ladies an-1 gentle- msa walking past at the time; and he (the constable) had received numerous complaints prevlously.—The Chairman ; What have you to say tny boy.—Defen,lant : Nothing.—The Chairman (to whom a specimen of the tlangange Was sub- mitted) : It Is a most (Beg sating practice you fellows have of coming out with lan ;nage like this, ym will be fined 53 If yOn COms here again, it will be much more, you'll see !

===== 0002601_18990825_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

r 5: ACCIDENT AT MESSRS. CROSFIELD'S WORKS. While working at slessrs. Cro,tield's works at Warrington, on Monday morning, Fred Simcox, of 49, Batik-street, Widnei, fell between a number of glycerine drums,and was slightly crudied. lie was taken to the Infirmary, wheri he was found to be suffering from internal injuries. The proprietors of the lloy.l.Oak Soap Works tender their apologies to their patrons for any inconvenience that may have been felt in getting their Coupons tor tree Tablets of Britannia Herb Soap exchanged. 'this has been due to the excessive call for these Tablets and the makers beg to intimate that they have now very considerably increased their plant in this department to cope with the growing demand so that no further delay will be experience.i. They ake this opportunity of mentioning that they have now tiLroduced a best Pink Carbolic Soap under the brand "Giant Oak " with which the free tablets of Herb Soap are given cause as with the Royal Oak. Everybody should use Lase high class soaps,.—Advt. MESSRS. RYLA.NDS BROS.' ENGINEERS' PICNIC.

The engineers cennected with Messrs. Itylands Bro. held their annual picnic on Saturday. An arrangement was entered into whereby the party joined Messrs. Thomas Cook and Sons' excursion to Chatsworth. A start was made shortly before nine o'clock, and Bakewell was reached at ten o'clock. Conveyances were in waiting, and the trippers did justice to an excellent luncheon. Subsequently a visit was made to Chatsworth, and needless to add the many interesting features at this historic mansion, together with the inspection of the beautiful grounds, formed not the least interesting item in the day's pleasure. The drive waA continued to Haddon Hall, and the ancestral seat of the Duke ot Portland proved especially interesting to the visitors. Continuing their drive, tha party next went to Matlock, where dinner was served at five , o'clock. The party now dispersed, many indulging in boating. A mishap occurred to one of the visitors who, having lost his hat, tried to recover it, hut he overbalanced himself and fell headlong into the water. Fortunately he was an adept. at the natatory art, and a few strokes landed him in safety appar- ently little the worse for his immersion. After dinner toast, including the " Town and Trade of Warrington," were honoured and short speeches delivered. The return jonrney was safely accomp- lished at eleven o'clock, praise being due to Messrs Jeffrey (secretary), Savory (treasurer), Berry,Peseol and J Gibson for their satigfactery arrangements. The Light Wines of Germany, co apprecisted in the Summer Season, are in favour with the Medical Profession. '• Zeller," from the Moselle district, is a wine light and palatable, and guaranteed absolutely pure, At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally considered to he of wonderful value. It can be obtained of all W. &A. GILBEY'S 3,000 Agents throughout the country.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

N view of :he approaching Football Season. it may be in- ter-usting to state that the wortd-famed manuf tcturers. GKo. G. BUSSEY k Co., of London. are prepa-inz a stock of Balls. which for quality. uniformity, ant durability, will be unique. These bills will be distinguished by the app,arance thereon of their well known trade mark 4-C-C-C-tfe. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 35 ti: 33, Queen Victoria-street London FactJries —Peckham, London; anl IClmswell, Suffolk.—Advt.

* * Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that 41 reports of matchas played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office. Ea wsey-street. Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

WARRINGTON v. CREETHAM.—At Cheatham on Saturday. Warr.ngton scnred a credi able vicbry. Score and bowling analysis :

WARRINGT s. J Callon c linker b

CHEETEIA.M. W R Sinclair b Connor ... 'a

Collingq 4l C H Sharp c Harnpson b Thewlis o Robinson b Per- Connor

guson ll R Collingo h Connor . 0 E A Connor b Bolton b W Allen b Connor Allen G Clarke o Robinson b C Baltoq b Connor ll Allen • 0 W Cinker b Th.-,mpson ... 6 d W Bibby c Naylor b A Naylor b Connor Allen J. Thompson b Naylor T Knowles run out W H Podmore b Allen A Duck worth c Sinclair b Allen G Hammon b Mercer T Horton not out Extras l2 Extras 5

Total 156 Total Br/WLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. CHEBTHANI.

Naylor Allen. Fdrgnson College Mercer. 3 0 4 1 Collinge bowled a no-13411

WARRINGTON V. CHERTHAV (?.ND TEAMS.)—Phyed at Warrington on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON 2rro. CEIERTRAM 2ND.

Silconic c Griffiths b Dunn 35 Ogden run ow- l5 Pierpoint c Griffiths b Whittock b E Pierpoint... 23 Dunn Crompton b Griffiths 2 Bryant b Dunn 4 Pickton b Dunn 7 E Pierpoint c Roberts b Griffiths Thompson b Griffiths l7 Richardson b Mllsom 7 Scotson b Gr fifths • 0 Gibson c Jackson b Milsorn 4 Bennett not out 0 Es tras 6 Extras 4

Total 123

Total 6l

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. PLATT BRIDGE I..—Played on Saturdsy on the Wire Mills' ground, and resulted in a win for the home team after an exciting finish, by five runs. Hawthorne batted pluckily at a critical period of the game for the hemesters. Simpson and J Brans bowled well, tha furrner taking six wickets for 11 runs. Score :

PLATT BRIDGE I.M. WIRE MILLS. J Ratcliffe b J livans T Forster b Simpson J Forster c J Bvans b Jvtnb Bond 1

- Simpson Boni b Simpson .. 4 80nd... 0 Battersby c Dwell b J Simpson e Battersby b Evans Anderson b Simpson Parkinson c Hawthorn b W Evans b Bitte:sby 0 ESimpson Holcroft h J Evans

W Rst3liffe b J Evans ...... 0 Cook b Parkinson Hewitt n it out Smith b Simpson Extras 10 Extras

Total

Total

GRAPPENRILL v. Homan GREEv.—This match WAS played EV; Graopeuhall on Saturday. and resulttd in an easy win for the home team. Score :

HOUGH GREEN. GRAPPENHALL. Halliwell c Gifford b War- Ellis a Brown b Warn 5 burton 0 Jas Burrows c Warhana b Wtlker run out Booth b Warburton 0 Warburton c Walker b

VVitrham b Warhurton Lewis run out _ 6

Memel b Carter Kislev h Carter 0 Jno Burrows lbw b Cole -c Kaye b Carter Brown 0 and b Carter Johnson b Warburton Fairhurst not out Fenton b Booth l2 Ashall c Risky b HaEl- well Extras 1

Extras 4

Total 33

Total

HAYDOCE LODGE V. ASPULL.—The Lodge played their 23rd match on Saturday, on the borne ground. and put together the biggest sore they have made for two or three seasons., viz., 208 for 7 wickets. The Aspull cricketers won the toss and decided to play first and were all dismissed for 56. ortore :

ASP ULL. THE LODGE. Hill b Scott

A. Seddon o 3fawdeley b Dr Street o Franklin b Boat W H Seddon c Whitehead b Dr Mawdslev b Sed on 10

Roberts Gent. c Cobban b Scott Merc,u* c James Lowe b Hill Roberts Hart b Scott

Heyes st Savage b Scott ... 15 Hobert, not out Gregory not out 2 Scott not out C Ashton c Cobban b Scott.. 8 Savage and James Lowe Franklin run out 0 did not bat

_Leah run nut ..... 2

S%trall

Total 55 Total (for 7 wkts) 203 RARLMSTOwN V. WIGAN —At Earle6town on Saturday. Score :

WIGAN. FABLEsTOwN. March c Foreman t+ Alder- Husband c Hardy b Greg- BOG Barstow cCI reeuall b ituish 4 Crowther run out 2 Goodwin c Crowther b Huish b Gregson Huish 6 Alderson I) IS ar,tow 2O HaElwell c Marsh b Huish 23 Marsh c Bill b Goodwin 5 Gregson b Alderson 6 Butler b Barstow 0 Ball c Husbind b Huish... 5 J Niarsh c Goodwin b Bradbury b Huish lO Barstow . 0 Gaskell c Husb tad b Jenkinson c Bradbury b Huish Hardy c Emcm.tt b finish... 0 Foreman c Halliwell b Ainsworth c Jeakinson b BarstoW Alderson .... .......... ... .. 0 Greenall b Goodwin 0 Oct not out Extras 4 Extras 3

Total 67

Total 67

===== 0002601_18990825_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON ODDFELLOWS v. WARRINGTON DRUIDS.

The return match, in which the Independent Order of Oddfrl ows entertained the Warrington District Order of Druids at a game of bowla, took pla.:e on Saturdiy afternoon on the Saracen's Head grpen, kindly lent by the members for the occasion. Th 3 game was 15 up, and atter several interesting cmtests the OidtcUo43 were successful by 11 6hots. Sores:

ODDYELLONiS. DRUIDS. F Freeman T Inc. l5 F Young 8 J T Whittle M Knowles R Holland T Heaton Sh tw 6 R Allen Harrison

H Fogg W Haigh ll J Helen J Woods l5 A Griffiths G Holbrook Rigbry

Total 149

Total l3B

After the game tne members and friends sat down to a knife and fork tea, provided in the large pavilion adjoining the green, and it was admitted by all that great credit was due to Mrs. Sp,akrnan for her excellent catering. After tea a "smoker" was held, the chair heing taken by Bro. S Packe, DG M. o' the Drier of Druids, sup- ported by Bro. Barnwell. D GM,. and Bro. Emsm,C.S., of the I 0. of aidfellows.

Bro. PACKER said he Ht honoured by being asked to taire the chair, hut it was a pletsure to be associated with anything which was beneficial to fri.mdly societies in general. An a.lternoon spent in such a manner was bound to cement that goal feeling, which he believed already exist-d between the different societiea. (Hear, hear.)—A letter of apology was then read from Bro. D. Houghton, D.C.S. ot the Order of Druids, and the mem- bers expressed their regret at his inability to attend. The toast of "TheQueen,"proposed by Bro Packer was responded to by the singing of the National Anthem. Bro. BARNWELL proposed " The Order of Druids," and said he Was p'etsea to see the good spirit in which these bowling contests had been gone into. He believed thry were making rapid strides as a Society, and he tru,ted they would continue to do so. He rernindel them that the at ay to success WiS undoubtedly by working har- moniously one with another. Bro. S. DUNRAMK. Dl'., "The Grand Old Man" of the Order, responded, and spoke of the prorrre•a of friendly societies during the 50 years of his membership. He was glad to say that they were never in a better position than they were at the present time. (Hear, hear). " Success to the Independent Order of Oldfellowa was proposed by Bro. GEORGE RIGBY, who said it gave him great pleasure to be amongst them, and he hoped they would keep on increasing, and that these howling competitions would be continued. (Hear, hear.) Bro. Joinc EMSON, C.S., in responding, said he was ex- ceedingly sorry that Bro. D. Houghton was not present, hut he hoped to have his company on another occasion. Bro. Emson spoke at length on the proapirty cf friendly societies, and said he thcught the time had come when they should form a Council cf representatives from different -societies In the town, and that a conrerence

===== 0002601_18990825_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25 1899

hould be held at interval'. If thic were done it would be a means of making thiimselves felt as a body in matters connected with tile t)wa. (Lipplause.) Bro. E. ALL was pie ised t ) see tne c,ontinued success of the diffirent Eo3ietiem tarnugnout the t)wn, and thou4ht it was quite tiena a member of some s )ciety shonlcl be ri,miaatiA ac a eiindidst ) for ttr Town C•iuncil, to ac'; oa beaslE mffri ,11.;!g societ,ics in general. (Applsuie.) • Sa.ngs wore given b 7 151e,seg Finch, Wa.llinztan, Sall.nthrs, Knowles, Thzimpsan. and Duababin, and were well received. Bro. SaunderS was very successful in his recitations. .

Od the sJggestion of Bro. BARNWELL, a clmmittee of six repnsentin„q each crier w4s 4pointed to carry out all arrangecnents, with a view t a general bowling, com- pettion being estalYi3hed next year for the whole of the ros,ietits in the town.

Oa the mothri of Bro. ALLENl,secinieci Bro WILSON a vote of tha,iki Wa3 givon to toe 0 idfell iwe for the ex- c-ilent manner in which the members of the Order of l2ruide had been entertained. ' A vot, of thank; to the Chairman,artistes.:&c.,especial mention b-!ing made of Mrs. Speakman, brJugat a very pleaelnt day to a close. WINNINGION v. WARRINCiTON LIBERAL CLUB.

Winningtori purnPyet to Warrington to play the return ntittch with the Lib3ral Club on Saturday, the re4ult bemp a follow' :

VVI;NINGTJN. S D NVA.RIIINGT IN. S D J Uns worth 160 }l3 Jtmes Sankey 12 T Whitby 0 Shaw 13 11 Barton 6 T Gordon W Drysdale 13 B Whitfield 7 5 W Dean R Norcross ll 1. li Wa7ren 7 2 } 13 II Gaunt Wm Whitby 7 T Locker. A MelClnzie li Reeves ' B7 } 13 J lennino. 6 T Holmes (Opt) l-i Widitms F Hinton 13 James Millington... 1U ' T Horrabin ll S Bradburn T Goodwin ..... ....... 2 f ' L Auckland ll

Total lOl 74 Total 159 83 175 242 Majority for Warriagtoa Liberal Club, 87 pants on the day's play. Maj zity for Winnington, 3. points in the aggregate on orne-and home mateh.ts.

MO 'S BANK V. EIA.YDOCK. P:a7e i at Zdoii Bank on Sattuday. Score :

MOSS B INK EILYDOCK. F C Davies l5 J Haselden 7 T Mid Ilehurst W Midilleharst l5 J Marsh 0 Middlohurst l5 S limit J Middlehurst John Snmner James Thomas l5 H Smith (1) f?, Tl ayor jun . 15 H Smith (2) _

, . B Taylor - l5 J Hamilton 1-1 Paire:ough J Yates D Yates _ _ __

, J Gaskell k' Froisham S Topping F Sephton l5 W Abbott J Ashcroft l4 J Boardman

Total 9;5 130

Total 150

Majri'y for Moss Bank ...115

===== 0002601_18990825_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON .+A Yl3 AND ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

The Warringtonians signally defeated the Cheetham eleven on Saturday, and those acquainted with the con,iateat good form displayed by toe Manchester team this season will appreciate vie victory. J. W. Bibby won the tos), and uatted first on it wicket that was slightly affected by the heavy rain of the previous night. J. Callon and Thewlis commenced the Warring. ton es3ay. th 3 bowling b !ing shared by Naylor and Allen. The &liveries of the former were treated with scant respect by Callon, who in tne firs: over got him away twice t) the ropes, wailst in the following over Toe wlis cut him tor four. Callon forced the game in brliitnt Etyle, and Naylor's place was eventually taken by Ferguson. 'fhewlis drove the new trundler for tour, but at 31. the professemal was taken at the wicket for 11. E. a. C nitior came nest.and after hitting two fours and a sin;le wait ca.ugh: ou tne boundary, whilst fiva runs later G. Clark) was sent back without scoring. With the Warrington captain as Callon's partner a pro- lon,.ed stani was math. 13)win,g changes were tre- , quently made, but to no purpose.

Bibby plard the ball on the leg side and several straight drives between cover and mid off earned for him hea•ty cheers. Callon to) batted in brilliant style, and his hard drives, which were well placed, were noticeable strokes in a capital display. The partner- ship rcsulted in tin addition of 34 runs when the initial batsman was taken high up at pohnt, having made 41 without giving a chalice. J Thompson jibed his captain and so.n got t work, hitting Collinge for three two and a four until he mistime -1 on from Naylor and was bawled at 98. With TKnowles in, the century was soon sent up by Bibby, and runs came at a rapid pace, bat at 122 an unfortunate misanderstanding cost the new eomer • his wicket. W H Poimore was bowled off his pads without. Pc)rin,g but A EiLick worth assisted to take the total to 150 when he was c Lught in the slips. The innings chsed for 156. Bibby being caugly; at square leg for a tnilliamt hill*, of. 51, Included in the innings were Oven b)undary strokes.

Cheatham openei their essay with W Sinclair and C Sharp. the bowling teing shared by E A Connor and Thewlis. Steady play wa3 the order, and runs were bard to obtain, both trundlers bowling a capital length, whilst the fielding was of that excellent quality which was the feature of the match at Blaekley the pravioni week. With the score at double figures, Sharp touched a rising ball from Connor, and was taken behind the wicket, making way for E. Cohinge. The new corner failed to time one from th fast bowlv. whilst Allen's stay was extremely brief, Connor senling his leg stump flying with an eKeeptiona 17 fast ball, the bowler having taken three wickets in four balls.

J. R. Mercer joined Sincliir, and after the latter had added a single, Mercer was unmistakably leg before t 3 Thewlis, four men being out with only a dozen runs on the score sheet. C. R. Bolton joined Sinclair, and a spell o: slow cricket was witceased, neither batsman attempting t 3 take any liberties with the bowling. Even- tually 631t0n got Connor away twice for tour, but that bowler had Lis revenge the next over, taking his wicket with a fine ball. With Tinker showine a tendency to stay, Thompson relieved Th wlist at 39, and soon m-t with success, bowling the Cheetham captain at 40. Nay br bit Thompson for three and was then disinissed by Connor, whilst F Collinge batted steadily and caused J. W. Bibby to take up the attack at 55. The innings was 503 n finished off, Bibby securing two wickets in his second over. Thompson effecting a clever catch at short slip. W. Sinclair was the last man out. Connor again bitting the pegs, the innings closing for 62. The bowl- ing of Connor was a feature in itself, and six wickets at a cost of five runs a wicket speaks for the accuracy of his deliveri,s.

CYCLING.

At the meeting, promoted by the Liverpool N.C.U., at New Brighton Tower on Saturday, J. McCue, of War- rington, was sulcessful in gaining tiae premier prize in the one mile novice race, winning the race by a leagtio, and cowriag the dist ince in 2 nin. 352-5 secs.

The Cycle Components Manufacturing Company, Limited, of Birmingham, have forward° me a copy of the second elition of their free inflation vouchers. The presentation of this voucher at any of the addresses given enures for the hllder free inflation of tyres, and elves exclusive information as to cycle storage., repair- ing etc., in about one thousand different districts. A c3py will be instrd to any addreaa on application to the ComFany. A free inflation station for Warrington has been made at the es•abliihment of Mr. J. Aitkin, cycle agPnr. Sutton Weaver, where cycles may be stored and free i ,fl *ton of Lyng may be had.

" President Day "in connection with the Warrington Cycling Club was held on Saturday, members and lady friends ti toe numter of about 30. accompanied by the President (Councillor William Pierpoint J.P.), journeyed to Chester. On enlists] there the party proceeded td Capner's boat house, where a steam launch was in wait- ing to conysiiy them to Eccleston Ferry. The sail up the river was greatly enjoyed, the scene at the ferry with the flotilla ooats, with .teeir gaily dr ssse occupants, being one of great beauty. After a ramble rounGl the meadows in the distriot,.the party returned to lester, and proceeled to the Hep Pole Hotel, where tea was served by host Riley,tire-s ,il on the river having greatly shammed the appetites of the wheelers, After tea Mr. Georg., Smith (the captain), in a few well chosen words welcomed their President amongst them. ' Mr, Pierpoint, ia reply, said it gave him the greatest pleasure to meft the memers at their various functions and he hoped to nriet. them on a great many more occa- quit; A stroll round the city wells and a pleasant jaarney home brmght to a conclusion a most successful afternoon. The arrangements which 'w?re carriel out without a hitch,were in the hands of thefollnwing: Presi- dent, Mr Pierpoint ; vice-pr -Odle% Mr D avies ; corn- rnitte, Messrs vy Brown, W HBellian. J P virn ere and ttv Litton ; captain. G S nith ; sish-esptain, E H Clam ; hrm treasure's, W Mounfleli and A Booth, and E Picka- vane.e. ion Ivm secretary. _ .

===== 0002601_18990825_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send rwo damns for our new and original Illustrated Booklet. ccntaining plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties, Suppressions, etc. may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recmamended by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not a quack medicine. Established 30 years, LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd„ CbanVete, 134, Dalatoa-lane London.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AFITRMATH, Bcc., Bcc.

BY MR. H. WIirTHAM, I would like to give readers of the " Examiner" some little explanation of the very peculiar position in which the United States Government finds it- self at the present time in its relationship with its I new possessions. The heading to my last communi- I cation Was " After the war," yet the war is not by I any means over. True, the war with Spain is over, ! ! the teams of peace have been agreed upon and ! ratified, and the sum of £4,000,000 has been paid to !Spain for all her rigersekee,&ce a the Philipines,and ! yet what Spain sold the American Government she has been unable to deliver. How is it? It is impos- sible to answer off-hand, how it happens that America entering into a war, its the name of free- dom, and all that is just, findes herself regarded as an oppressor by the very people whom she would ! liberate. ! Englishmen will understand the ensiti3a better ! if they will take as a parallel case the relationship I between the Roman Catholic population of Ireland and the British Gwernment. To me it seems that the greatest trouble, almost the only trouble the British government has had with Ireland has been with the Roman Catholic portion of its population. The impossibility of impressing upon them the fact that their freedom could only be an outcome of tht ir own actions, and honest acceptance of the re- sponsibiltties•of life. Does not this view of the question appeal still more to the Englishman when he looks around at his own peasantry? Go into the purely agricultural districts of Englani and study the peasant as an outcome of centuries of Established Church guardianship, and say what is the difference between hon and the Irish Catholicpeasant and the poor Philipines ? In each case the honest inquirer must confess with sorrow that he only sees "A thing that grieve. not and tint never hopes. Stolid an I stunned, a brother to the ox." For centuries the Roman Catholic Church has had the whole of the islands of the Paeific in her charge, and, with the aid of the Spanish Government has undoubtedly withheld from the peoples of those islands all the good influences this end of the century has to give. As a result of this selfish neglect, the United States Government has to deal with a people who are mentally unable t 3 understand the state of things. They cannot see why the American soldier having driven out the Spanish soldier, they are not left to govern themselves, and do pretty much as they like with what they consider their own. To add to their troubles, the Protestant missionary turns up, and they are made to believe that they are not only go- ing to be kept out of their political and civil rights but also their religion is to be taken from them. Of course the Catholic priest is playing a great part in all this, and is no small factor in prolonging the war. What everyone hepes for, and is looking for is that something will happen to Aquinaldo to take him off the scene. It is thought that should the rebels lose their leader, the rebellion would come to an end. Now, how is all this affecting the American mind? It is difficult to answer thie. It is quite possible that your English press is giving you more trust- worthy information than we in the States can get hold of. Not the least of our troubles is the cen- sorship that is carried out rather rigorously, yet possibly not more than is necessary. The American press is not a thing of beauty, and the joy it brings is very fleeting. How can the American press de- termine what is shall, or ought to do, when every day are printed fake interviews with responsible statesmen, only to be contradicted the day after. To day the Admiral of the fleet is made to utter. stuff that would stamp him a fool were it true Great head lines are used and there is a rush for the paper, to-morrow it will all beexplained away, and a laugh raised at the clever sceop. So it is with the Commander-in-Chief of the army. The only important part he has, as yet, taken in the war has leen to give evidence before a committee of enquiry as to whether he did or did not say some- ! thing about the quality of the beef sent out to the ! army. What is known as " yellow journalism" is to blame for all this silly work. It was the un- scrupulous work of the Democratic press that brought on the war, and it is its unpatriotic policy that makes the end seem so far away. In consNuence of the fault-finding attitude taken by the Democratic press the secretery of War Mr. Alger, has been asked to resign and a Sir. Root has been appointed to fill his place. I have no doubt Mr. Alger did his work as well as it was I possible under the circumstances. He was charged with appointing incapables. Now, he has left the ! office he shows that ninety per cent of the officers ! of the volunteers were appointed by the State Governors from which the volunteer;regiments were drawn. It seems to me that there is a lack of centraliza- tion. Poe Federal system is all very well in theory but it does not work out well. Responsibility is spread all over the States, As a consequence the friends of those who are in power, and incapables of all sorts are placed in positions they are utterly unable to fill. Worse than this, the party system of running politics has in the United States ran wild. Every man shouts and blazons forth his patriotism, but he always has his eye on the main point. What is there in it ? It is all right, and well to shout for liberty and democracy if one knows the true meaning of these words, but when a low notion of what these watch- words mean, leads to the utter destruction of all respect for the dignity that must attend respon- sibility it is time then to pause. It seems to me that with all the boasted perfection of her educa- tional system the schools of America fail to turn out the class of men and women who can give strength and permanency to a nation. It has been often said, and I must repeat it,the almightly dollar stands before everything. The nation's welfare, nay, the domestic altar all is sacrificed to the wor- ship of this metal god. In San Francisco we are now raising tunde to make a great demonstration on the return of the volunteers from the seat of war. There is to be such a turn out as the city never saw before. The main street is to be one great show of electric lights and flags, and I suppose the girls will do as they did with Hobson, of Merrimac fame, gush and kiss to their hearts' content:During this war the world has seen such wonders an it neversaw before. The finest ships of war, the bravest admirals, the most far-seeing and cutest of generals, and the most daring fire eaters have made up their rank and file. With all this splendid showing the goods remain undelivered, for which ..D1,000,000 were paid. If it were allowable to criticize one might point out that a little calm modesty would do some good. Lass shouting and talking about liberty and the Great American Republic might give some chance for common sense to have an innings. ! There seems something strange in the way that !men holding high positions, and claiming to be so very meek and mild long and seek for popular ap- plause. I cannot imagine a British Admiral mak- ing an imitation royal progress such as Dewey is now doing. Nor yet can I think that European Colonels and and Captains would write books, or make platform speechesior yet submit to the persis- tent interviewer such insubordinate or unpatriotic! statements as are now being spread abroad. It seems to be generally accepted here that the ! above kind of work, coupled with the literature the anti-annexationists are scattering abroad is doing much to lengthen out the war. However this may I be the party politicians are anxious to bring it to a close. Of course this is the expressed wish, from a ! patriotic paint of view, of the two parties I My own opinion is that the democrats would like the war to continue until near the coming election hoping to make capital out of it. The republicans on the other hand are betray- ing great anxiety to make an end of it. They openly ! confess that if the war is still in progress next year! and the end not in sight there will be a general republican slump To end the "unfortunate war" is a measure of the highest party importance, and party ietereets must be looked to whatever may be the fate of the Philipines. The nation does not speak with an unanimous voice, there can be no doubt of that. It cannot, it has no data upon which to form an opinion. The only way open at present form the republican point of view is to call Congress 'together and "assure the Filipinos that we have no I desire save to give them self-government under the American flag which may go further than an over- whelming force or soldiery to bring the conflict to an end." The Cuban an 1 Porto Rican matters are even of

CADBURY'S Cocos. on the testimony of the Lancet " represent s the standard of highest purity." It is entirely free from all foreign substances, such as kola, malt, hops. &c., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the Illustrated London News writes : " Cocoa is in itself a perfect food, and requires no addition of drugs whatever CADBURY's Cocos is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old aud yoong, at all times and in all seasons ;for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CAD BITRY's. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sold only in Packets and Tins,- 3.

more importance than are those of the Philipinos. These places are either annexed, or they are terri- tories. However this may be they are being governed under their old laws,and contract labours, or, in plain English, slave labour is the rule there under the liberty loving Stars and Stripes. In closing, may I refer to a matter of some little importance to you Britishers. I often see articles in the English papers I receive, which lead 1113 to think that the manufacturers of-the tight little is- land are doing wrong in making little of American competition. A recent jotting in the" Examiner," in which the writer tried to make the situation somewhat ridiculous by depreciating American manufacturers, is a case in point. I enclose a cut- ting taken from" Industrial Cuba," a book just out from the bands of Mr Porter, United States special commissioner, and I should be glad if you would print it for the benefit of your readers. The cutting alluded to says :—ln his concluding words on Commerce, Mr Porter writes: "Referring to the fact that the railways of Cuba under English control have had their machinery from the United States, the manager of the English railway in Cuba only as recently as October, 1898, informed tne author that they had not only purchased of the United States in the past, but that they intended getting all their railway supplies for the future from the same source. Surely no higher tribute could be paid to the manufacturers of our country than this from an Englishman, whose people for hundreds of years have led all competitors in the industrial manufacturing of the world. And this is but a step in the giant strides of commercial pro- gress the United States will make in Cuba under the encouragimg influences of a reasonable tariff, the abolition of all discrimination, the assurance of a stable government,and that proximity which makes Cuba one of us in temper, in trade and in territor y."

WIRRAL A 3 R KENHEA.D AGRICUL TE4 . 14, JIV .

SEPTENIBEIt 6TH AND 7TH. PRIZES EXCEED £2,000. IN ADDITION TO SEVERAL CHALLENGE BOWLS AND SPECIAL PRIZES. ENTRIES POSITIVELY CLOSE TO-NIGHT'S3POST (19rn burr). ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON,Seeretary. 6, Hamilton -square. Birkenhead.

INNEY TESTINIONIAL FUND

After 35 years' Service MR. FINNEY is about to retire from the Headship of Heathside Schools. Any SCHOLARS or FRIENDS of Educational Work, who vas° to Subscribe, will oblige by communicating with, either Mr' T. GORDON, Senior A.isistant at the School, or myself, on behalf of the Managers. ALF. J. JOLLBY, 59, Marsh House-lane. Warrington.

PRINTING,

BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGR.APIII.

JOHN -WALKER AND Cu., Has an established reputation for giving careful sad Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle te the biggest mural" Mammoth "—are available to tbe public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Oar.' less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of busin.sa men. They find it doesn't pay to have it-- even at "the lowest tender."

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS ASO

• .._ Elegance in PROSPECT USES, PROGRAMMES, Jrde. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES, OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR SOI4BES. PROGRAMMES F3R COICERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

0 ACC OUN T BOOKS RULED, pEIN- -6 and Baund in any Style. LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDO

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD.

Sin Sheet sft. 3m. 'by 3ft. 91n. TR.' 1.4. RGEEIT IN THE DiBTllloli • " A MONs tri,E PLACARD may be formed by rin number of the " LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALIs MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE T 1 MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOB ,igifra MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST MANIMOTH POSTE bS. poSTER . tr.r. MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Coull INIAMMOT If POSTERS. - ....... MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALD. A

MODERN METHODS. LOWEST PRICES' MODERN PLANT. QUICK DESPATC°'

AND GOOD PRINTING.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. ARTISTIC PRINTERS

===== 0002601_18990825_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

, tIIPP L.„, " X

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION. Szc

===== 0002601_18990825_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SEIZURE of FOREIGN FRUIT

-- IN

===== 0002601_18990825_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON JAM FACTORIES.

W. R. Deakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUIT is used in the manufacture of his delicious WHOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which DEAKIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

SYMINGTO N'S

===== 0002601_18990825_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all 100

Grocers.

GUARANTEED PURE.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
. . .., , . ' . I ~ . . • v".'?.. . .._.:, .. . .• . ~,,,,4,,. , ,•01.. . , . . • .... .. I) ... . . .Ask for ' ..,4 .9 . ". .r ..,: :„., ..,.., ~ .-111". 1 . .:., . ... _ . ,::, . ...... ~ :, . .., ..„.„... ~‘ 4, „...:,..,.. ..4. 5,., , ... i'•,-.. „5„..,,,,.111.,,,.:„..: . ,',A.t.C.!, ,-,yl:4_, 4; .., . - , '. • 'Y . 4r, ~ .., ~ --7, • Makes Delicious Pastry. b Sold y all Grocers.

- ; •

===== 0002601_18990825_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990825_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
1 -10 ~

2-15_ pin.

RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

SITB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stnbshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave 1

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junotion Church-st., Go'borne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Read, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland , and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire ...... Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, outhport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms, kirk Widu.:%. & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South 11 Midland Counties 84 South Wales 1 Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester

ndon and Foreina, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and F. reign, South, S.- astern, Midland, Northern, litastem Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ..

2-20 p.m.

3-15 in.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY BOROUGH QUESTION.

REPORT BY. ILIE TOWN CLERK.

The Town *Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) nas pre- sented a carefully prepared report on the Lccal Government Act of 1888. It will be remembered that he was instructed to de so in order to assist the Council in arriving at a conclusion on the question of the town becoming a County Borough in conse- quence of the treatment which has been meted out to Warrington by the Lancashire County Council. The report was laid before the General Purposes Committee at the last meeting, and after considera- tion the 6nbjtct was adjourned for further discus- sion.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN CLERK'S REFORT

In his report the TowN CLERK says the Local Govern- meat Act of 1888 added to the complex differences which existed b-ftween various classes of boroughs by drawing an anomalous dislinction without regard to area or rateable value between boroughs that had not less than 50,000 inhabitants and those that bad. Certain other boroughs which were counties in themselves also became county boroughs, of which several had at the time a less population than Warrington. By the 1881 Census the population of Warrington was 41,452. With the view of having Warrington made a county borough a poll ot the inhabitants was taken on the 13 h May, 1888, by which it was ascertained that the population was 47,325. The President of the Local Government Board, however, declined to include Warrington in the list of County Boroughs. Other distinctions are made in the Act between various classes of boroughs, and the relations to the County Council depend, for instance, upon whether a borough has or has net a separate Court of Quarter Sessions, a Commission of the Peace, its own Police, or a population of more than 10,000. Boroughs are again differently affected with regard to main roads, weights and measures, and other matters but the observations with regard to the distinction be- tween non-county boroughs and County Councils will be confined to thi3 circumstances and conditions affect- ing Warrington. The county rate is levied by precept on the overseers, and is collected with and as part of the poor rate. The County Council have power to bor- row on the security of tteir funds and revenues, and thus the rateable value of the borough is twice mort- gaged, and the credit of the borough is made available for purposes which may not benefit the borough.

CONSTITUTION OF NEW COUNTY BOROUGHS:

The Act provides that the council of a borough may make a representation to the Local Government Board "That it is desirable to constitute any borough having a population of not less tban 50,000 into a csunty borough." The Board unless for special reasons they think that the representation ought not to be entertained shall cause a local inquiry to be held and may make the order. The order is provisional only, and has to be con- firmel by Parliament. The Bill to confirm the order may be opposed. Four boroughs, Oxford, Grimsby, Newport (Mon), and Bournemouth have become county boroughs under orders of the Local Government Board.

ELECTORAL REPRE9ENTA.TION. The number of County Councillors on the Lancashire County Council was originally 105. Of this num- ber 20 are elected from the non-county boroughs within tke county. Borough Councils are not represented on :he County Council. Warrington is divided into three electoral divisions' each of which elects a member triennially. Warringionhad three mem- bers assigned to it on the census of 1881 when the popu- lation was 41,452. The Local Government Board have power to make an Order to alter the electoral divisions of a borough, so as to give due representation to an in- creased urban population. A County Borough has no representative on the County Council.

THE FINANCIAL POSITION.

After explaining tare Imperial contribution to County Councils and County Boroughs in detail, the Town Clerk proceeds to state that before any reliable estimate could be formed of the financial position of Warrington on becoming a Coun,y Borough it would be necessary to obtain from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue a cer- tificate of the amount of the local taxation licenses col- lected in the borough. It would further be necessary to ascertain the proportinn of the estate duty grant, which is apportioned on the basis of the discontinued grants, and the share of the customs and excise duties, the distribution of which is providei for by the Local Taxation Customs and Excise Act, 1890, the Police Act, 1890, and the Technical Instruction Act, 1891. To ar- rive at an adjustment it would be necessary to ascertain the contributions to be paid by the borough on the cessa- tion of its liability to contribute towards the expenditure of the co3nty,:and the: contribution to be paid by the county on the cessation of its liabaity to incur expense wholly or partly on behalf of the borough, and, further, the adjustment would embrace the property, debts and liabilities. The late Clerk to the County Council, when applied to in 1894, stated that it was very imptobale that the Council would prepare a claim before Warring- ton was constituted a county borough, and " that cir- cumstances have very much altered since 1891, and that the claim by the county will b 3 made in accordance with suah changed circumstances."

===== 0002601_18990825_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE.

The report deals fully with the question of rates and loans, and in referring to the town's position respecting police, the Town Clerk states that, Warrington, having its own separate Commission of the Peace, and as its own police pays one-half cost out of the Borough Rate, and receives the other half from the County Council on the Certificate of the Secretary of State. As a County Borough it would deduct one-half of the cost from the amount received from the local taxation account. The County:Police have no authority within the borough, but they may execute their processes within the bossugh without having to get them backed by a Borough Justice.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MAIN ROADS.

The Borough is in an unf)rtunate and at the same. time most unfair fposition with regard to main roads With the exception of the short lengths of main roads which were taken into the borough by the recent extensions of its boundaries there are no main roads, notwithstanding the fact that some of its principle streets are the main highways between two important counties. The Act of 1888 threw upon the County the cost of repairing all main roads and the Borough is repaid the cost of repairing the main roads taken into the Borough. The Borough has to contribute to the repair of the rural main roads in the county. The County Council has in effect stated that they will not de- elare any roads in the taiga Boroughs to be main roads, although they have create.l over 100 miles of new main roads in the County since the act was passed, and the non-County Boroughs have to contribute to the cost The County has go: rd of its obligations to the Boroughs by granting a share of the residue of the local taxation account for the crainteaance of what the county terms " secondary roads," but the grant is made on terms that the roads shall cease to be secondary roads in the event of any borough becoming a county borough. The cost of maintaining the two county roads, Wilderspool Causeway and Latchford Causeway,has been commuted, and the. cest of commuting the main roads taken into the borough from the Cheshire County is limited by the extension order of 1896, as follows : —"ln the event of the Borough of Warrington becoming a county borough the liab:lities in regard to main roads within the Cheshire added area,the Latchford Causeway and Black Lion Bridge shall be excluded from any claim for com- pensation by the Corporation in respect thereof. Pro- vided, however, that the Corporation shall be entitled to receive, cr have credit given to them for a capital sum based on the annual average expenditure for the last three complete precsding years on the said last mentioned main roads, Latchford elauseway and Black Lion Bridge respectively, and calculated at the number of years (not exceeding in the whole ten years) during which the County Council of the County Palatine of Lancaster, have repaired or c)ntributed to the repair of the said main roads, the Latchford Oauseway and Black Li In Bridge respectively."

COUNTY AND HUNDIIED BRIDGES.

The liability to maintain the bridges- within the Borough now rests upon the County C ouncil, but would be transferred to Warrington upon becoming a county borough. Where P. bridge became a county bridge before 1836 the highway tor 300 feet on each side of the bridge was repairable by the county. The County Council may restrict or prevent the use of locomotives upon the bridgcs within the borough.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION AND TECHNICAL INSIMUCTION. _

The County Council possess certain powers of inter- ference with education within boroughs. The Tt chnical Instruction Act of 1889 empowers the County Council to act within non-country boroughs,and those boroughs are not exempted from contribution to the county rate raised for the purpose. The rate to be raised is not to exceed id, but in non-county boroughs the rate may be 2d,ld to be levied by the borough and id by the county. The Local Taxation Act of 1890 gave the residue of a large Parliamentary grant entirely to the councils of county and county boroughs, authorising them to apply it either in the same way as the estate duty grant or by contributions to technical and manual education. The Act authorises the County Council to pay over to the non-county Loroughs part of the sum to be devoted to technical and manual instruction, but there is nothing in the Ant to compel the county to give to the borough any part or an adequate part of the grant. If the borough becomes a County Borough the amount it would be entitled to on the ratio of rateable values would be received from the local taxation account.

JOINT COMMITTEES., The County Boroughs are entitled to representation on the following Joint Committees:—Lancashire Asylums Board, County Rate Basis, Coroners, Lancashire Sea

===== 0002601_18990825_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
irVEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

10-35 a.m

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and _7 p.m.

8 a.m. and 4-30 P.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon. 2 4% 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m md 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. NH. Nil. NH. Nil. 3-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 ton

from the Aeceiving Office at Earle ?.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

FOLLOWS:-

I To I Callers.

IBy Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

7 • a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 .. }-11-30 ~ }.ll-4b

1 12-0

c 2-16 p.m.

2-1 „ 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990825_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
W %777 -77 • :4 A s • P.- -1•••,-• ,47"" ar, 30. s , -o.4.t!sx4s

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Nezdao!i3, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stamm:ls ImpeAred Digestion:

Disordered Liver & Femaie fiiiments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lAd. (56 pills) and 23. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold. everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD fAMILI ,JUDICIIIE CHEST,

ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon- and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990825_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKVA'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;4'

===== 0002601_18990825_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_I

ATZ

===== 0002601_18990825_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.4„41,

===== 0002601_18990825_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„“-

===== 0002601_18990825_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
, Al

, ,

1

3:

"

14W.,i;r •

===== 0002601_18990825_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
?Letters tl tt)e enitor.

NOTICE TO CORRESFONDENI'S. Auilirus ot ietters inrouded tor publication must in at cite send their La-nes and adcire=ses to the Editor. latt-,rs intend. d for publication must be written on one

side only ot the piper. Correinondenta aro srort.iy advisld t) write briefly. A shorc, letter has much greate.r chance of insortion than a tong one.

TUE TRAN3VAAL CRISIS —AN APPEAL FROM TH NETiiERLA.NDS. Sir,-1 enclose a translation of the appeal to the people of the United Kingdom, oa baialf of tie inhibii.ants of the S mth African Rethic, which has been largely ei,gne I taroughuat Holland. I Inv) much pleasure to inform you that 140,147 signitures have been registered in the cour ;e of oae visa. This large number, I hope, will give your countrvinen an idea about the feeling in the Netherlands.

I am, Dear Sir, Yours truly, PAUL DEN TEX, S?crrt Lry Nedrlandsnh Z i d-ltr,kaaustue Vereeniging. Amsterdam, Aug. 19, 1899.

The appeal referred to is as follows :—" To the people of Great Britain ! —We, ee Kite of the Netherienis are related to you, the people of Great Britain,by many ties. Our origin was the same ; our nietory has been similar ; our tralitions. customs and institutioue are closely alliei. This rehttion,hip we regard as an honour, but also as entitling us to the privilege of expressing to you that which the de le conviction of our hearts and minds alike neoet forcibly impel us to express. We fear that many of you are on the verge of violating the rights of the people of the South African Republic, a branch of cur commoa stock. They may be weak in number, but they are strong in those virtues, which are counted hightest by all Anglo-Sax .ns : they eave courage, love of liberty, self-reliance an:: a profoun .ly religious spirit. Appealing to your deep sense 'if justice and to your broad generosity we cry out to you : Desist from aay attempt of money ;makers or et ite.stnen to hinder the gradual and national development of this people's own nature or genius, trying to m tke them suej :et to your oven will. Desist from creating and seizing every opportun- ity and pretext for interfering with their private aff sirs, for no better reaeon t'ian that they manage those matters in a way, which to you may net appear reasonable or desirable. We appeal to you to lee this people follow a course of natural growth, in accordance with the aphis of the age, which, while furthering progress, both ne tterial and spiritual, con- demns violent and arbitrary interference as mere likely to retard than to promote their gradual development. This we ask of you most earneely, not only because any other line of action neuet needs lead to violence, to bloodshed and te fratricide, bnt also as any such action would he an outrage on justice, cast a blet on the lair name of British equity,deal a blow at British intelligence and make a mock of British generosity."

THE NEW TELEPTIONE ACT (199) AND WAY-LEAVES.

Sir,-1 word of warning,app,Ars very necessary to local authcrities in conn(cPion with the grants of under-

ground and other telephooeway-leaves which ,according to press report, are cotistaw ly being made. Town . Councils and other local authorities shoall make them- selves thoroughly acquaitrmd with the provisions of the new Telephone Act before entertaining any further application for way-leave, or they may hereafter fiad that they have unwi tingly sacrificed the interests of their rarepayers, and tied the hands of their successors in office. The new Act provides that in the event of any local authority determining hereafter to start or sanction a competitive telephone exchange within its area (which the new Act empowers it to no) any way-leaves pre- viously granted will be irrevocable dur:nz the term for which the new exchaagOslicensed by the Post Office,and this in spite of aay azreemetit to terminate the way- leaves at six months or other notice which may have been entered into. Common sense, therefore, requires that way-leave grants should at once cease, or at least be subject to entirely nw conditions conceived in the interests of the local telephone users old ratepayers, whose street; it i; proposed to appropriate. It cannot be too strongly stated that competition or redaction of rats e in the future, will be rendered difficult, if not im- possible, by throwing away at the presnit criticel moment, the only weapon capable of b.nag effectively wielded in the interests of the pubic. Any claim to exercise tee way—leave powers of the Postmaster-General. even when apparently supported by &cements iffelcd by tile Post Office, should tie clotely scrutinised and tested by reference to the Telegraph Acts, as the Postmister-General can only delegate his players subject to the consent of the Local Authoii ies concerned. This is made quite plain by Section sof the Telegraph Act of 1892. 'Go It is mtnresting to n, te 'hat some Local Authorities are iully alive to the importance r,f this subject since, in view of the new Act, blth full and Bradfotel town Councils have given notice to terminate their grants of way7leaves.-1 ale, Sir, yours etc., A. R. BENNETT, Telephone Engineer t) the Corporatioi of Glasgow ; States of Guernsey, etc., etc. 44. Minot Paris-toad, Rerleelea, N,W,, August 23rcio, 11399,

===== 0002601_18990825_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
tLAIff FOR THE LOSS OF AN tYE

AT WAR RINUTON.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday morning, before his Honour Judge Wynne Floulkes an important claim was made under the Wo.kmen'e Compensation Act. The applicant was Patrick Tannion, a labourer living at 126, Anne-street, Sankey Bridges, and the respondents were Messrs. Joseph Cro.-tield andSou;,€,3ap re.annfecturers, Bank Quay. In his request the applicant alleged that on January 2Sth of this year, be was steaming caustic pipes at the works, when owing to a defective tap in the pipe, he received an injury to his right eye, which destroyed the si.ht. He was under medieal treatment fer twelve weeks, during which time he received 12- 61 per we 4( from the respondents. He was now employed as a labourer, and earned 178 id per week. He claimed from the respondents 12s 6 1 per week tor life. Mr. Forshaw appeared for the applicant, and Mr. Payne, of Payne, Galloway and Payne, Manchester, for the respondents. Mr. Forshaw was proceeding to detail the facts of the case, when His Honour said the ease had been adjourned from the last court to see if the parties could come to terms. He wished to know whether that hack been done. Mr. Forshaw said they had endeavoured to effect a settlement; but the amount offered was sadly too His Hoaour asked Mr. Payne why an answer to the request had not been filed. Mr. Payne said they had been making endeavours to come to terms. His Honour remarked that the negotiations need not have prevented the filing of the answer. Mr. Payne said the answer of Mr. For-haw to their last offer Was not delivera to him for the filing of the answer. His Honour replied thAt he did not regard that as a suffic;ent reason. Mr. Payne said thzt at that time the firm was not act- in v under legal advice. His Honour : I am afraid it is not an excuse. The rule noon the point is very explicit. Unless you can ' show good vegan Id ) no teel disposed to allow you to proceed. The Act was intended to prevent litigation. The answer should have been filed within five days of the receipt of the summons. Mr. Payne submitted that th 3, contemplation that parties would arrive at a, settlement was a reasonable excuse because had they done so the filing of the answer would have been needless. Both parties anticipated a settlement. His Honour : I don't feel disposed to allow this to b 3 litigated. I must take the allegation of the plaintiff in his request to be comet and admitted by the re- spondents. Unless tte parties can come ti terms in the course of the morning, I most make an order for 12s 6J weekly for 1 fe. In answer to Mr. Forshaw, His Honour said that costs would follow.

DEATH!

Write with a feverish pen Of my history aziong men : 'Tell of my sins untold, Ref•pcet the grief I hold. Earth's no raoreclaim on m: From her great cue, I'm free; That my r-mozse is here. Proves that the ccs:'s most dear. My youth did procniee ina,h (Are the .e rot many such ?) So will humanity be Until eternity. Lethean waters hNve I tasted, Drowning all my conscience ratted ; Time ! I pray you, stay your speed, Give my tupplicaticn heed ! I fear, oh I fear the end, That t•hould upon my life attend Yet still trme hope, all divine, Pierces my soul from a heavenly shrine. G. D.

Warriagton.

CYCLES,—Speelil Ladies and Gents Machines at £7 15s. See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington. ZIST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER TED CLOCK.—Advt•

===== 0002601_18990825_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN & NEWTONI

POLICE CASES.

On Monday before Colonel Wood at Newton, Einraa Copper and Mary NicCabe were summoned for soliciting on Saturday and Sunday night re- spectively. They were committed to prison for 14 days each. THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL ANNIVERSARY.

The anniversary sermons were preached at this pace of warship on Sunday, morning and evening, by the Rev. H. D-ivonprt,of Chester. In the after- noon a musical service was held, the vocalist being the 3E38,38 Stronnach (2), Tombs, Woods,and Messrs A Banton and Stu Mils. An address was delivered by the Rev E Bocock.resident minister,on"Thoughts from the life of Dr r, w Dale." In the course of his address, the rev, gentleman said Dr Dale left the world all the better for his having lived in it, and each one of them in their own sphere could do something in that direction. It was hardly possible to put fiaancial value on the life work of a man like the late Dr Dale. He was educated by the church (Congregationalist) of his adoption and if he had cost them .£l,OOO down he was dirt cheap at the price. He held him up before his hearers as a man whom they would do well to imitate. The congreßations throughout the day were very fair.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
1.0.G.T. ELOPE OF EARLESTOWN No. 1644

A meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Wargrave-road, on Monday, Bro. Woods, L.D. pre- siding. After the opening services one candidate was initiated and one restored to membership.— The L.D. read the notice of District Lodge, to be held at Tyldealey, and resolved ttat the re- presentatives use their own judgment in voting on the resolutions on the Digest. Bro. H. Williams, P.C.T., was elected repfesenta- tive to District Lodge. Bro. Clarke reported' that a number of members had met at Bro Williams the previous Wednesday,whe.n Bro Clarke presented an emblem to Bro Hobbs. The emblem had been neatly and artistically illuminated by Mr: Olds- worth, Newton Common. Bro's Clarke and Francis spoke on the loss to the Lodge of Bro Hobbs who had been a great help at entertainments and in the social work of the lodge. Bra Woods spoke on the meaning and teaching of the pictures in th a emblem. Bro Hobbs thanked them all and said he would treasure the gift and expre•sed the pleasure he had et in the work of the lodge. The report was adopted Br) Woods applied for a clearance card for Bro Hobb3 to be sent to him which was granted. Bro Clark 3 gave the report of District Council held at Liverpool, which shewed a juvenile membership of 1950 in 30 temples and a balance in hand of £37. Bra Eccles of Chorley having sent £lO the Council had sent 53 to each temple. The report was accepted and the lodge was then closed by Bra Newman.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ELECTRIC LIGHT IN ST. HELENS CHURCHES.

The value of the electric light as an illu mina at fo churches and large public meeting-rooms has been fully recognlsed in St. Helens, where the Town gall and five of the largest places of worship are now lighted by elec- tricity. The light was used in Lowe House—the mother Catholic Church of the district—ca Sunday night, and although the installation was not quite complete, the church was beautifully lighted.

Trig eREVENTION OF SUICIDE AT Sr. HELENS.

At St. Helens, on Monday. William Thorpe, a man of no fisel address, was charged as a lunatic. Constable Carmody said he found the man wandering about B,u idsry-road the previous night. H.. had bega threatening to drown himself, and when witness spoke to him be said he intended to do it. Dr. Cotton said the man was unfit to be at large. Thorpe was sent to the workhouse for fourteen days.

WATER POLO.-ST. EIELENS V. SOUTHPORT.

This match was played at Victoria Baths. S•Juthport, on Saturday afternoon. Both teams were represerita- tive. Southport loss the toss, and St. Helens defended the dev end. After a spell at even play the visitors' left full back sent through their own goal. T. Hillsdon then scored twice,and J Johnson oace,and the hortresters cr ssed over with the score 4to nil in their favour. St. Helens displayed better fordo in the second half, but could only score once, the game resulting in an easy victory for the Southport team. Mr. J. Finegan, of LiVerpool, acted as referee.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THS MAYORALTY OF ST. HELENS.

The members of the Helens To wn Council have de- cided to ask Councillor Joseph Ssecharn to take the offiel of Mayor of the borough, in succession to Clonel Richard Pilkington, M.P., woo has served three years in soccesaon, Mr. Beecham his been a prominent member of tile council for a number of years, and his name has been frPquently mentioned in connection with the Mayoralty. In his position as chairman of till Electric SupplyandTram way Committee, Mr. Beecham has come ;imminently before the public, and it is thought that he Will most probably accept the office,

I. ti-gattiHALM COMMITTEg. Alderman Joseph Massey presided at the fortuightly ' meeting of the S. Helens Health Committee oa Wed nes- I day- On the minutes of the Infants' Milk Supply D vot being read, Sir David Gamble complained that a num- ber of repairs which the landlord of the house in Bicker- staffe-street promised should be done before the d-pot was opened, had not been done. He thought they cough', to he done as soon as poasible.—Dr. Harris said tha repairs had now been taken in hand.—The medical officer reported a death rate of 240 against 23.4 in the previous fortnieht, and 20 5 last year. The zymotic (Path rate was 6 9 against 6 3 and 85. There had been 20 deaths from diarrnce a, against 20 and 26. The tatAi winther of cases of feckneis from infecticv.; oases was 19, agaitot 20 and 23 last m:.—be. Harris also repor- ted a. home in A6sare-street, off Watery-lane, Sutton which had been empty for many years, and for which there did not appear to be a known owner. He suggested that the house be cleansed and then boarded up.—The Surveyor sail that they had considered that case several times, and the only effective action would be for them to post notices and then in due course pull the house down.—This course was resolved on.—Several cases in which black smoke had been emitted from works' chimneys for p2riods of more than five minutes were reported.—Sir David Gamble remarked that the five minutes test was not fair in some cases. It was the same test for a chimney with forty furnaces as for a chimney with one. A chimney which served forty furnaces would be hardly dealt with if it was proceeded against as readily as the chimney with only one furnace. --No action was takna in the spatter.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
-,l,__. PADGATE.

MEETING OF THE MAATIN3CEOFT PARISH COUNCIL.—A special meeting oi this Council was held on Monday evening in the schoolroom. Martinscroft, for the pur- pose of filling up the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. William Massey, overseer, and also vice-chairman of the Council. Mr. William Houghton presided, and there was a good attendance. Flattering references were made to the services of the deceased, and a vote of sympathy was passed with the relatives in their sad bereavement, the Chairman observing that Mr. Massey had held the office of vice-chairman of the Council since its formation. He also took a great interest in the pro- vision of the recreation ground, great improvements having been carried out under his supervision. Mr. David Massey was electf d to fill the vacancy on the Council, and Mr. Nicholas Massey was electocl overseer. Both these gentlemen are brother 3 of the deceased. S7DDEN DEATH OF A. WOOLSTON FARMER.—The death occurvd under painfully sudden circumstances of Mr. William Wainwright, of Woolston. It appears that the , deceased, who was 69 years ot age, rose abcut five o'clock on Saturday merning, when he appeared to be in his usual health, and!partook of a hearty breakfast. About ten o'clock he went into a field adjoining his farm- yard to do some mowing. Threequarters of an hour afterwards he was seen by Mary Ellen Platt hurrying towards his house. When near the yard gate he fell to the ground, and on a woman named Owen going to him she found that he was dead. The sad occurrence has caused quite a Sensation in the discrict, where deceased had resided for a number of years. He had suffered from heart disease during the past 211 years, and had been medically attended by Des. Fox and Sherratt, of Warrington, but, since March last he had not been under medical treatment. The attack, which resulted in his death is attributei to the excessive heat. The Coroner did not deem an inquest necessary.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ST. THOMAS' MEN'S CLASS.—On Saturday afternoon some of the members of the class and their wivep, secrimpanied by the Vicar (Rev PI V Pigot) and Mr H J Westbrellr (conductor of the class),. had their annual outirg to Southport. The morning was dull ar.d un- promising, which accounted for the atsenee of many of the members. In the afternoon, however, the weather was all that could be desired, and a west enjoyable time was spent in seeing the sights and sharing in the amuse- meuts of Southport.

SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION AT GREAT SANYRY. The annual tichool Board election has just taken place. The only candidates nominated were the retiring members of the Board, the Rev. Edwin Sandys Jackeon,and Messrs. Thomas Halton, Joseph Henry Kilshaw. Thomas Perks, and Joseph Wright, and they have been declared as duly elected. UNDER THE CLOCK GOOD 800T5.7-----A-dt--.

ASfi or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt

'PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FON BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE,—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
HORTICULTURAL SHOW AT NEWTON.

The Newton-le-Willows and District Horticultural Society held their 14th annual show of fruit. Sewers and vegetebles on Satarlay afternoon in a field behind the Nurseries kindly lent for the occasion by Mr J E Pardey. Fr several sears the Society has ben most unfortunate in the matter .f weather and when Saturday morning opened gloomily and rail fell later on, it was thought that previous experiences were to be repeated. The heavy clouds, however, cleared away, arid the afternoun was beautifully fine. The exhibits were staged as formerly ia a large marquee but they were not nearly so numerous as en former occasions. It was stated.how- ever, that the quality was fairly up to the average, although such exhibitors as Mr Gillespie, Colonel Wcele, Mr Airey and others were conspicuosly absent. Thd competition therefore was narrow, and certainly not so keen as formerly. Toe chief prize winners were Mr J E Pardey, Mr A R Thorpe. Mr W Sephton, and Mr J Randall, At the time of opening the show the attend- ' anc a of-the general public was very sparse indee ',but as the afternoon wore on,th number of visitors considerably increased, and it was computed that throughout the day there emit' not have been less than 1,000 people present. During the afternoon the EerlEs'own prize bind dis- coursed music, and after the exhibits had been removed in the evening tbe marquee was cleared for dancing in which a large number of those present indulged until 10 o'clock. The juices for the various exhibits were Messrs. James Eaton, The Lawn, Aigburth, Clarke. Lynam ; Leery, Beech moat Gardens, Aigburth ; Slater, Nerton Priory, and their awards were made as under:- Ca n) Plants.-Greup of miscellaneoutOlants a.rrarie_ed for effect, apace not to exceed 60 feet, and to be circu'ar in shape : 1, Mrs Smith, 2, A R Thorpe, 3. J Randall ; six table plants (pot not to exceed 6M), 1, J E Perdy, 2. Mrs Smith ; six ferns, 1, J E Pardey, 2, A R Thorpe; six begonias (any variety), 1, A R Thorpe. 2, J Randall ; six coleus (any variety), 1. Mrs Smith, 2. A R Thorpe ; six zonil geraniums, 1, J Randall ; one stove or greenhouse plant (in boom). 1, J E Pardey, 2, A R Thorpe; one fern, 1, J E Pardey, 2, J Randall; one palm, 1, Mrs Smith, 2,J E Pareley ; three cockscombs, 1, A R Thorpe. Cut Flowers.-Ite3t bouquet : 1, J Randall ; six dehlias (double), 1, J Randall, 2, A ft Thorpe; six dahlias, cactus, 1, Mrs Smith, 2, J Randall ; six spikes elalioli (distinct). 1, A R Thorpe ; six roses (distinct), 1, .J Randal:, 2, W Sepht)n ; twelve asters, 1, Mrs Smith ; - twelve carnations, 1, W Sephton, 2, A R Thorpe; twelve pansies (6 show and 6 faucy), 1, W Sephtnn, 2, A ft Thorpe ; twelve dislact varieties cut fl 9 ewers outside (not mare than 3 stems or blooms of each), 1, A R Thorpe, 2, J Randall ; twElve z mai hloeins (not less than 6 distinct varieties), 1, A R Thome, 2, .1 Randall ; twelve zinnias, 1, A It Thorpe, 2, W Sr peton ; six spikes stocks (distinct), 1, C Simms, 2, J Randall.

Fruit -Six dishes of fruit, 1, A It Thorpe ; two bunches of grapes (back), 1, J E Pardey, two bunches of gr:tp,s (white), 1, A R Thorp'; one dish of peaches (6). 1, A R Thorpe ; one dish of nectarines (6), 1, Mrs Smith, 2, A R Thorpe ; one melon, 1, Mrs Smith; one dish of apples, conking (6), 1, W Sephton, 2, Mrs Smith; one dish of apples, desaert (6), 1, J E Pardey, 2, A R Thorpe; one dish of pears (6), 1, J F Pardey, 2, W Ellam. Vegetables.-Collection of twelve varieties, 1, W Seph- ton. 2, A R Thorpe ; six varieties of potatoes (6 of each variety.) 1, W Sephton, 2,A It Anderson, 3, J M Pardey; on di-1 or potatoes, 6 tubers (round), 1, A R Thorpe, 2, W Sephton ; one dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (kidney), 1, W Sephton, 2, no name; two eaulifhwers, 1, W Seph- ton, 2. A It Thorpe; two cabbages (white), 1, J E Pardey, 2, A It Thorpe ; two cabbages (red), I,R Ander- , three sticks of celery (white), 1, W Sephton, 2, AR Thnrpe ; three sticks of celery (red), 1, W Sephton, 2, A R Thorpe ; one dish of onions (6), 1. Alt Thorpe, 2, W phton ; peas (20 pods), 1, A R Thorpe, 2, %V Sephton; broad beans (12 pods). 1, T Bentham, 2. Mrs Smith; scarlet runners (12 pods), 1, W Sephton, 2, R Anderson; French beans (20 pods), 1. Sergeant Major Stringe. 2,1 W Sephton ; two cucuriabers, 1, W Sephton, 2, A R IThorpe ; one dish tornatoes (9). 1. Mrs Smith, 2. W S7phton; two vegetable marrows, 1, R Anderton, 2, J Randall ; six turnips. 2. 3 R Parsley ; six carrots, 1, A R Thorpe, 2, W Sephton; two lettuces, 1. A R Thorpe,2, J E Pardey; six leeks. 1, W Sephton, 2, J E Pardey; one dish of shallc,ts (12), 1, W Sephton, 2, It landerson; three red beet, 1, W Sephton, 2, J E Pardey. Class 2.-Amateurs.-Plants.-Two coleus, 1, W Sephton ; two ferns (exotic), 1, W Sephton; two ferns (Brisish),l, Henry Newport; two begonias (any variety), 1, W Sephton ono ornamental foliage plant, 1, Henry Newport. Class 3.-Amateurs and cottigers.-Cut Flowers.- Six stocks, spikes (distinct), 1. R Anderson ; sit roses (distinct). 1, R Anderson; 2, W Sepbton ; twelve pansies (shm and fancy), 1. W Sephton ; 2. C Simm ; twelve asters, 1, Sergeant-Major Strange. 2, It Anderson ; six ' marigolds (French) 1, W Sephton, 2,0 Siam ; six earns- dens, 1, W Siphton ; six antirrhinums (spikes), W Sephton ; six gladioli (not less than 3 varieties), 1, It Anderon; six zinnias (distinct), I,W Sephton,2,Sergeant Major Strange. Vegetabies.-Collection of vegetables (8 varieties), 1. W Sephton. 2, R Anderson ; collection of potatoes (4 varieties), 1, W Sephton, 2, R Anderson ; dish of pntatees, 6 tuter (round). 1, R Anderson, 2, W Saphton; dish of potatoes. 6 tuber (kidney), 1, W Sephton, 2. R Anderson ; disti of tomatoes (6), 1, W Sephton, 2, H Newport; two cucumbers, 1, W Sephton; to cauliflowers, 1, W Sephton ; two sticks of celery (re'.l), 1 W Sephton, 2. C Shaun, 3, R Anderson ; two sticki of celery (white), 1, W Brpilion, 2, ;.; t.;;;, E Anderson ; dish of peas (20 pods), 1, R Anderson, 2, %V Sepbton ; dish Of bread bens (12 pods), 1, 0 Simm, 2, W Sephton ; dish of French beans (20 pods), 1, Sergeant Major Strange, 2, W Sephton ; dish of scarlet runners (12 pods), 2, W Pephton, 2, Sergeant-Major Strange, 3, C Simla ; dish of onionsl(6), 1, W Sephton, 2, C Simm; dish of shallots (12), 1, R Anderson, 2, C Simm, 3, W Sephton; three leeks, I,W Sephton, 2, C Siallll, 3, Henry Newport; one cabbage (red), 1, R Anderson ; tw , vogetab`e marrows, 1, R Anderson, 2, W Sephton ; six Garrote, 1, W Sephton, 2, It Anderson; two lettuces, 2, W Sephton; one crown of parsley (in pot), 1, W Sephton 2, C Simm ; three red beet, 1, W Sepkten, 2, C Simm, 3, Ne w port. Class 5.-Extra Prizes.-Beat collection of vegetables (8 varieties), First prize C Simm; second prize 1 dozen rose trees,nsesed, R Anderson ; bouquet of wild flowers, gathered by children under 14 years of age, within the society's district, first pr:ze, Mary Ellen Naylor. The distribution of the medals &c. presented by IMessrs Toogood and Sons, Southampton has been held over.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

MEETINGS OF SPIRITUALISTS.

Mrs. Fielding, of Hollinwood, occupied the plat- form at the Spiritualist Hall on Sunday, and in the evening gave an address on "In His steps I will dare to follow." In the afternoon she conducted a circle, and at both meetings gave clairvoyance. On Mon- day evening, Miss Chadderton, a friend of Mrs. Fieldings, paid Warrington a visit, and in the place of the, lady occupied the evening with clairvoyance and psychometry DEATH AND FUNERAL OF Mn. THO MIS EAUDE

Many will regret to hear of the death of Mr Thomas Eaude (the only surviving son of the late Mr. Thomas Eaude, for many years organist at the Warrington Parish Church), which occurred at his residence, Bruche House, Manchester-road, on Saturday. The decemed, who was well known and much respected in social circles in Warrington, was at Llandudno on Saturday week. but on the follow- ing day, while sitting in his house, he was s,-izid with paralysis. He was attended by Dr. Joseph, but the patient never spoke again, neither did he regain consciousness. Therematns of the deceased, who was 48 years of age, and was a coal merchant were interred in the Cemetery on Wednesday.

THE FIRE BRIGADE DISPUTE.-APPLICATIONS FOR

RE-INSTATEMHNT.

At a meeting of the Fire Engine Committee held on Monday evening, Councillor Smethurst presid- ing, the whole of. the old fire brigade with the ex- cqotion of two, applied to be re-instated, and after considaration the committee decided to accept the application on the old terms, and on condition that a three months' notice on either side should ter- minate the engagement. The men left with the committee a statement of their grievances, and the Chairman promised it would receive attention at a future meeting. Since the termination of the fire- teens notice,th &committee have had at their disposal the services of the Wilderspool Brigade and of the firemen engaged at various works in the town. By the re-instatement of the old brigade that arrange-

_ ment is no longer necessary. The committee hive appointed a few additional firemen.

THE NEW ALLAN LINER.

The Twin-Screw steamer "Bavarian," 10,200 tons gross, built by Me,srs. Danny for the Allan Line, starts on her initial voyage from Liverpool to Que- bec and Montreal, on Thursday next, the 24,-,h inst. ILuxurious accommodation is provided for 160 first class passengers, while the quarters devoted to the 1150 second diva and 200 third class passengers, mark a big advance on anything yet provided in the Canadian Trade for these classes of voyages. Even steerage passengers have smoke room, ladies saloon, shower baths, B:c., provided for them, and this improved catering to the comfort of steerage voyagers will be much appreciated. Should occa- sion require, 1,000 3rd class passengers can be ac- commodated. In addition to luxurious passenger quarters the" Bavarian " has a large refrigerating space for perishable goods, and as on her trial trip she averaged 17.95 knots, she will be the speediest as she is the largest vessel employed in the Canadian trade.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MIN Et?), FRI DAY, AUGUST 25, 1 99 BREWSTER SESSIONS.

The plans have been designed to be in uniformity wit the adj.-At:ling premiaes of Mr. Toft and others. Tba was the reason why the hotel would be four storeys high. Mlnks : Is the ar,a not larger The Town Clerk repeated the area alr.2ady given—old 514, new 357.

Mr. Birch All: Thu was a good deal of yard space in connection with the old hotel ?

the Town Clerk: Yes. Continuing, he said the rest of the space had gone into street improvements. The old premises were dilapidated and inconvenient, and it we:3 proposed to build better premises for a bet- ter class of customers. He would only put in the plans but he wishei to say that this was in the nature of a renewal. The application was made on behalf of the ratepayers through the Corporation, and not on b,half given, bat the committee had the right to refuse the rebuilding of the hotel in the improved way. He did not think it would be fair for tne committee to take it for granted that the Corporation was entirely unani- mous in making the applicetion, as it was a matter of commoa knowledge that the suhject had been fought out—not fought out, but severely fought at mane, meet- ings of the Council. Many suggestioos had been made, and an application was made to their worships,last year t ) transfer the license to Messrs. Walker and Son, but it was refused. As a last resource it had been suggested that the Corporation should take upon themselves the re- sponsibility of rebuilding the place and to hold in on behalf of the ratepayers of Warrington. Tee Corpera- tion themselves were by no means unanimous in the matter, and he should not be astonished even if some- thing should intervene to stop the rebuilding of the hotel hat be wished to point out that had the Corporation been unanimous it did not follow that they represented the feeling of their constituents in this matter ; because many people in the town, had cenecientious objections to being participators in the prefles made by a public- house of any description ; and it was their opinion he was present to voice. He need not say very much on that occasion because the matter had been well thrashed out in the public papers, and the Bench were no doubt aware of the facts ef the case. The Corporation bought for a comparatively small sum the Feathers Hotel for street improvement purposes. The Town Clerk : The total cost has been £5,700 to the ratepayers. Mr. F. R. Roberts : Not the price given for the build- ing and license.

The Mayor : That does not affect the question. Mr. F. R. Roberti said ho was leading up to some- thing else. Tile Corporation had been at great pains to Allow that this poor old licemse was worth very little, practically nothing at all,certainly a great deal less than• was claimed for it-

Mr. Monks (interrupting) : I suppose the lawyers said that. (Laughter.) Mr. Roberts: Sail that was the case for the Corporation Ho was taking the arguments out of their own mouths and they must stand. or fall by it. They were either telling the truth then or they were not. However, his friend, Mr. Whittle, had not said anything to the con- trary. The 1 censing committee had the power to refuse to allow the rebuilding of the hotel and to knock this de- crepid old license on the bead, and by doing so they would render a service to many members of the Corpor- ation, and who were by no means ranked on the side of temperance. His point was that the license was not reqoired in the interests of the neighbourhood. When the improvements which were cont.mulated in Bridge- street were fully carried out the effect would be that three licensed house, which now took a back seat—the lale and Child, the Royal Court Hotel, and the Green tiehgon—would be given a very conspicuous place in the very front of Bridge-street. They would come to the front instead of being hole-and-aorner places as they were that day, and from Market Gate to ToNs shop they would have a row of four fully-licansed hatels within a distance of no more than 300 or 400 yards. He thought they would agree with him that in the very heart of toe town this was not very desirable, and that at all events the neels of the neighbourhood were more than fully met. If the Feathers Betel were to remain as at pre- sent he should not have much objection, but the Cor- poration intended to put up a handsome new building which would be a Bonnie of attraction to many plople who did not frequent public-houses and it would Us the means of inerea,ing the faliliie.3 and attractioas for those who were not incliaed to drink to excess. He wished to lay great stress on the argument that this liemnite was no.; reqaired in the interests of the neigh- bourhood. Tne application wag granted,

. . Tre apptication of Slr. B. Kenyon for an alehluse iilans, to the Gael Man, and that of Mr. J. H Hl( for ,n off wine and spirits license wero p)stp)ned to the adjournea Licensing Sessions on the 29th September.

PRESCOT. A WIDNES APPLICATION.

'roe General Annual Licensing Session for the Petty Sessional Division of Prescot,which includes the berongh of Widnes, was held at Prescot on Wednesday. Tne magistrates present were Mr la 11 d'A. Willis, Colonel W W Pilkington, Messrs T Seam F A Stapleton-Bretherton J W Waning (Mayor of Widnes), it Lswis, H Martin, J Stone, W S Barrett, J G Kitchen, B Brown, it Daglisb, and J Blundell.

Superintenient Baxendale, of Preecat. reported on the licensed premises in tee Prescot Petty Sessional Division, there being at present in business 48 licensed victuallers, 28 beer-sellers for censumption on the premises, 7 off licenses—total, 83. The nopulation was 19,197, giving one license for every 231 persons. Two licensed victuallers had been proceeded against during the year, one being convicted, and the charge against the ether dismissed. Toe licensees of the Red Lion Hotel and the Derby Arms Hotel, Presoot, held music licenses, but he censidered that the music carried on was of such mature that music licenses were unnecessary. There was an in- crease of 24 in the proceedings for drunkenness. There was an application for a full six days' license for the Certers' Arms, fluyton, thie being the teeth application for this license. There was one application for a new license—viz , for the sale of wines and spirits at the Cricketers' Arms Baerhouse, Widnes. Superintendent K3ighley, of Widnes, reported that in that part of the Widnes Police Distriet in the Prescok Divicion there are 110 licensed houses, 67 being public- houses, 30 on beerhouse license 3,6 off beerhouse licenses, and 7 other licenses. There had been no proceedings against licensees. The number of persons proceeded against for drunkenness and like offences was 559, against 544 last year, an increase of 15. There was one club in the borough of Widnes, which Was open on Sun- day for the sale of drink to members. The population in 1891 was 32,216, giving an average of 292 per3oos to each licensed house.

James Huhne, licensee of the beerbouse named the Cricketer's Arms, in Lo werhouwalane, Widnes, applied for a wine and spirit license: Mr. Tobin (instructed by , me. F. J. Poole) appeared for the applicant. and Mr. J. W. Knowles, of Widnes, appeared to oppose. Mr. Hulate had held a beerhouse lic also for thirteen years. It was stated that it was estimated that the population within a radius of a quarter of a mile was 660. The hoists was 610 yarde from the nearest public-house, and 962 yards from the aearest beerhouse. Mr. Tobin said the Cricketer's Arms was one of the privileged class of beer- house,baving been in existence about forty years. While it would be to Hulme'e advantage to obtain a full license, he would if the licence was granted lose the pro. tection of this privilege. The applicant had coma pre- pared in the usual way with a lot of witnesses, but he (Mr Tobin) did not think it desirable to prolong the matter, and would simply make the application, and Prove certain petitions that had been signed in his favour, and leave it to the bench. Hulme was a man of excellent character, and was the freehold owner of the house, and not tied to any brewery. There were 120 houses within a radius of a quarter of a mile, and 110 ef the residents of those houses bad signed a petition in favour of the application. A similar petition had also been signed by the committee of the Widnes Foot- ball Club,with one exception, and a large number of the most influential residents, including all the doctors and twelve out of the twenty-four members of the Council, had also signed a petition in favour. Mr. Hulme gave evidence, and in answer to Mr. Knowles said he bought the beerhouse, and had built thirty-one houses close by, but he had not done all this with the objent of simply building up a trade for his house. The Widnes Bench had at various times nee- tiened alteratioaa to the house,by which it had been ea- lareed and improved. Mr. Knowles said he appeared for all the ministers of Widnes, for owners of property, and for the vicar of Widnes. He had to suggest that Mr. Hulme had grad- ually developed a small, paultry beerhouse, and built houses in order to build up a trade for it. Mr. W. S. Barrett (one of the bench).—Mr. Hulme did not say se. Mr. Knowles said that what had happened seemed to indicate that. He argued that there were plenty of drinking facilities in the district. As for the people , who went to the matches and sports held on the football ground close by, he painted out that an occasional Hearne to sell on the ground was graated on each occa- sion. At present all the people rapidly left the district, but if a license was given to the house they would pro- bably stay, and extra police would be required to deal with the areaehes of the peace and ether troubles that might arise. In the face of the decision of the Licensing Commission and the likelihood of an Act being passed at no far distant date to reduce the number of licenses, he' did not think the bench could entertain the applica-' Lion.

The bench after bearinz the cote decided to refuse the license asked for. The Chairman also said that the bekch noticed with regret that there was an increased Dumber of prosecutions for drunkenness, and no prosecutions of publicans for sup lying drunken people. They desired the police to look carefuliv after the licensed houses with a view to preventing this.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

TIIB RECONSTRUCTION OF THE " FEATEIERS HOTS.I, "AGREED TO.

The annual licensing meeting for the Borough of Warrington was held on Thursday in the Court House, Mem street. Considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings mil there was a large attendance of the general public. The member 4 of the licensing co nmittee on the Bench were: the Mayor (Alderman Wright), Councillor Pierpoint, Messrs F Monks, T Birch all, J Geddes, E J Guett,and Colonel J C Ridgway. Tne other magis- trates present were: Alderman Roberts, Alderman Sutton, Councillor Smethurst, Messrs J W Hayward, S Wri,4ht, and Chandley. Amongst those present in the well of the Court were the Rev C Finch, Messrs Stringer, Drury, Storey, Dale, Wakefield and others.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHIEF CONSTABLE'S ANNUAL REPORT.

The following is the report,of the Chief Constaeele sub- mitted to the Licensing Committee :—Chief Constable's Offices, August 20th, 1899. To the Worshipful the Jus- tices assembled at the Annual Licensing Meeting. Gen- tlemen,-1 have the honour to submit for your informa- tion any fourth annual report relative to the business of the Brewster Sessions. The period dealt with is the year ended July 31st, 1899. The population of .the borough a. extended, was 55,068, according to the census of 1891. The present estenated population i 563,000. There are in the borough 87 alehouses' 40 beertemses, me 85 off-licenses (including thoee for the sale of wine or spirits), total 212, a proportion of one license to every 297.17 of the estimated population: During the year one beerseller was fined for b jog drunk upon his licensed premises. The licensed houses have been fre- queotly visited by the police for purposes of sueervisioci, and althmeh there has been but one proeecution, several license holders have been cautioned for irregularities not amounting to wilful breaches of the law. Licenses have been transferred to ten licensed viotuallere, five beerhouse-keepers, and ten off- license holders, making a total of 25. Last year the corresponding total was 23. Twentv-iix alehouses, seven beerhouses, and eleven other public rooms are licensed for music and dancing. No professional performers are employed at the al-houses or beerh )(is as. During the year 418 charges of drunkenness have been heard by the magistrates, 271 being against males and 147 against females. In 385 cases there were convictions, and 33 ch,a egos were dismissed. Last year the prosecu- tions numbered 276. Of the persons t hareed this year 295 were resident in the borough, and 122 were non- resi,tent, mostly of the vagrant class. It will be ob- served that the figures in the present return show a con- siderable increase in the number of charges of drunken- ness when compared with the corresponding totals for the two previous years, during which the number of drunken charges were fewer than in any year recorded in our police registers; P; is proverbially difficult to eccount accurately for the fluctuations of such statie- ticcebut in industrial centres a flourishing state of trade, such as has existed in Warrington during the past year, almost invariably has a tendency to swell the num- ber of charges of drunkenness. Evensive building operations in the town and neighbourhood have, moreover, attracted large numbers of persons to the borough, and the charees of drunkenness amongst this class had been very numerous indeed. Again, it is to be noted that of the total, 418, 84 charges represent only 32 persons proceeded against, inasmuch as two persons were convicted six times each, one person five', times, two persons four times, five persons three times, and 22 persons twice each during the year. The Inebri- ates Act came into force on the Ist January last, but is still inoperative, as no provision has yet been made in this district for ;he reception and detention of habitual drunkards under this statute. A movement is, however, on foot which will, I understand, remedy this deficiency in the near future. The little Horse Shoe alehouse was closed we the 10th of October, the license lapsing in par- tial consideration of the grant of an alehouse license to the Hawthorn Hotel, Orford-lane, which was opened as an alehouse on the 11th Oetober, having previously been a beerhouse. The beerhouse formerly known as the Blacksmiths Arms was opened as an alehouse, under the sign of the Great Central Hotel, on the sth of June On the same day the Harp and Crown beerhouse was closed, the license lapsing as part consideration of the full !teepee granted to the Great Central Hotel. The Causeway Hotel opened as an alehouse nn September 29th, having formerly been a beerhouse known as the Pleasure Boathouse. In consideration of the grant to the last-named premises, two beerhousee had ben closed prior to the last Brewster Sessions. At this session, three a pplicatiens for new licenses will be made." Table I, appended to the report gives the number of licensed victuallers, beerhouse keepers,shopkeepers(who have licenses) and the nember of persons charged with drunkenness since the year 1890. It appears that the number of licensed victuallers is exactly tho same as in 1890, hut the nemberof beerhoueekeepers has decreased from 48 in 1890 to 40 in 1899. The number of limner) shopkeepers on the other hand has increased from 70 in 1890 to 85 this year. In 1890 the number of persons charged with drunkenness was 806 whereas there were 418 this year. _ _ . - .

Taole it gives figures rel sting to drunkenness as com- pared with the population in several surrounding cities, boroughs, as fallow : . Proceeded Population No. per Name ()Voir n. against, Census 1,000 of 1891. Population. Salford 2699 193.139 13.62 Middleboro' Barrow-in- Furness 736 51,712 14.23 Rotherham Wakefield Stockport 566 . 7) 263 8 05 Oldham Rochdale Huddersfield ... 269 95.420 2.83 Halifax 298 89.832 3'32 Wigan . 326 55.013 5•92 Dothan 575 146.465 3.92 Burnley Blackburn Birkenhead 837 99,857 8•38 Preston Bootle Hanley Warrington RENEWAL OF EXISTING LICENSES, No opposition being raised to the rmewal of the exist- , log alehouse, beerhouse and off-licanses, the committee granted tlyir renewal. The music licenses were also renewed, the Chief Constable stating that it was under. ' stood no professionals were to be engaged in public houses. ___

===== 0002601_18990825_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BOLTON'S NEW HOTEL.

Mr. Longland said be was instructsd to apply for a renewal of the provisional grant which was made last year in respect to a house then about to be eructed at the junction of Parr-strect ant Pet,l.va'-3tr.!0% The house was now partially cree`e I. Mr. F. Monks: It was granted on condition that others were given up? Mr. Lang,land : Yes, the Crow Inn near Market Gat-, the Rose beerhouse and an off-license in Admiral-ltreet are to be given up when this license has be.en finally granted. The provisional grant was renewed. NEW APPLICA HONS.

(1) Mr. J. Lyon Vitiiitia—ap-p-lid—on behalf of the " Mayor, Aldermen. and Burgesses of Warrington " for a license for the " Fea'hers " Inn, Bridge-street, about to be constructed near the present site ; (2) Mr Benjamin li,-myon applied for an alehouse license for the" Green Man " beerhouse, Green-street ; (3) Mr John Lees Hall applied for a wine and spirits (off-licensel for the grocer's shop of Messrs. Melia and Co., 3, Horse- mar ket-street . The application on behalf of the Warrington Corpora- tion was supported by Mr. J. Lyon Whit'le (town clerk) assisted by Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk); Mr. A. Browne appeared on behalf of Mr. Benj nmln Kenyon ; Messrs. Longtoo on behalf of Messrs. Melia and Company ; and Mr. F. R Roberts opposed the appli- cation ot the Corporation. THE FATE OF THE FEATHERS.

Mr. J. Lyon Whittle said he was instruc'ed by the Corporation to apply for the renewal of the license of the Feathers Hotel. The Mayor (as Chairman of the Licensing Corarn'ttee) ; Am I justified in sitting hers ? The Town Clerk said he had ju t been speaking to the Magistrates' Clerk about the matter. The Deputy Magistrates' Clerk replied that if the Mayor were disqualified every burgess would also be dis- qualified. The Town'Clerlt, continuing. said that the property in question had been acquired by the Corporation for pub- lic improvements. 'Fne old premises had been partly demolished, and a portion had been left standing to keep the license alive. The Corporation proposed to build new premises, and they asked ths, Committee to transfer the license from the oid to the new premises. He put in a plan (prepared by Messrs William and Segar Owen) sliming the site of the existing premises, and Mr. Whittle added that the Corporation had a right to rebuild on the old site without the sanction of tne Com- mittee. -

Mr. Birchall : Hew much of the old site will you occupy ? The Town Clerk: There are about 90 square yards left of the old site which we shall utilise for the pur- poses of the new hotels. Continuing, the Town Clerk said they had to use other land adjlining in the build- ing of the new hotel. The rd line on the map showed the strelt improvement. The area of the existing pre- mises was 514 square yards. includinz the yard and stahles in the rear; the area of the new premises would be 367 square yards. Mr. Monks: You are abandoning the stables. The Town Clerk ; There will be stabling if required. of any individual for private profit. He understood that his friend Mr. F R Roberts would oppose theapplication, but he was prepared to admit the sufficiency of the notice and the plans. Mr. F. R. Roberts remarked that he had not much to say that morning. His position was rather a peculiar one. He was not in a position to object to the renewal of the license, because no ,notice of objection had been

===== 0002601_18990825_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TECHNICAL CLASSES.

The session in connection with the evening classes will commence on Monday, September 18th. There will be new classes in mathematics (stage III.) theoretical mechanics, botany, and cordcery (adult class.) The day classes at the School of Art will re-open on Tuesday, September 19th.

MADRID, THURSDAY.

According to the lat-s; intelligence from Oporto the plague is spreading in the itown, but without becoming mute virulent.

ACCIDENT TO THE LORD MAYOR OF LIVERPOOL.

The Lord Mayor of Liverpool had a severe accident on Wednesday at Ambloside, where he is spending his holi- days. While descending a steep hill he lost la's footing and fell with some violence a considerable distance. Fortunately some members of his family were with him, and two doctors were promptly in attendance. They found that though no bones were broken his lordship was suffering from shock and severe concussion. A tele- gram received in Liverpool on Thursday reported a rest- less night.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRANSVAAL CRISIS.

TERMS OF THE BOER REPLY. A Capetown correspondent telegraphs :—I learn from an excellent, though unofficial, source that the com- munication sent by the Transvaal Government to the High C nnmissiener contains the following proposals : A five years' franchise. A share in the election of the President. Increasld representation for the aaldfielde to the ex- tent, probably, of eight now seats. Other questions to be submitted to arbitration, but not to that of a foreign Power. Great Britain to agree not to use her prPB6nt interfer- ence as a precedent. Great Britain to agree to relinquish her euzeraiaty rights. STARTLING SUBSIDENCE AT NORTHWICH.

On Wednesday night a peculiar and somewhat serious subsidence occurred in Leicester-street, Northwich, one O f the m)t notorious sinking acres in the Cheshire salt district. Mrs. Kennerley, wife of a labourer, was iron- ing in a cottage which is in a partially wrecked condi- tion owing to sinkage wise/111We heard rumbling sounds. Cracks in the fi3or assumed the proportions of large fissures, and suddenly two-thirds of the floor and a por tion of an inner wall collapsed with a crash. Mr Kennerley had a narrow escape, and her son was caugh by the falling debris and bruised on the legs. The cella of the house was recently filled in, but the bottom mus have sunk, for thick flags and brickwork fell a distanc of some feet. A portion of the kitchen and pantry wal gave way,while large cracks appear in the outer wall. A strange part of the affair is that with the customary nlifference of Noehwich people, the tenants continue t ioccu py the derelict house. THE DISTURBA.NCES IN PARIS. M. GUERIN STILL HOLDING our. PARIS. I RURSDAY.

The night again pasied quietly in the litre de Chabrol. M. GuPrin, who is not yet satisfied as to the meaning of the arrival of thc firemen, passed the whole of the night on the roof of the Grand Occident. Some of the firemen stationed in one of the adjoining houses having approached too near M. Guerin advanced towards them al.ing the roof and ordered them to remain at a distance T he firrmen on duty are relieved every four hours• The r ofs of the houses adjoining the Grand Oolideat are all occu pied by detectives,whe see that no provision are thrown to the beseiged. The balcony of the privat house in the Cite d'Hautev ille. tacking en to the Ant Juif buildings, is also occupied by gerdarmes and fire men. The balcony commands a view over the whole of the roofs of M. Guerin's stronghold. Arrangements for the maintenance of order remain ouch urged, 350 of infantry and a detachment. of police being on duty. A six o'clock this m-irning M. Guerin withdrew from the roo fin order to obtain a little sleep.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] Contrary to expectation the Newton Horticul- tural Society were favoured with exceptionally fine weather on the occasion of their annual show. The morning opened dull and tareatening,and although rain fell early on putting the anticipations of the committee below zero, the ominous looking clouds broke and finally cleared away. Ultimately the sun struggled througn and the remainder of the day was beautifully fine and warm. The surround- ings of the show were naturally pleasant, and charming, and the visitors had a most enjoyable time of it. Of the show itself little may be said, but if appearances go for anything, it is evident that its popularity is on the wane. Why that is so, I cannot say, because there are quite sufficient gentry in the neighbourhood to get together an ex- cellent exhibition. The number of entries was much below the average, but the judges stated that the quality of the exhibits was superior to those of other years. Still it is not enOuraging that the competition should be confined to three or four ex- hibitors.

The narrow escape from drowning which a little girl had last week brings to my mind the exceed- ingly dangerous condition of tie boundaries of the brook in which she almost lost her lite. At the point in question the brook is very deep, and it is quite a common occurrence for numbers of child- ren to be seen playing on the low wall abetting the brook on each side of the roadway. Not only so, but quite young lads may be seen almost any time sitting on the wall fishing and even climbing over and walking along the sluices below the wall anci just above the water, How it has come about that the place has been so free from accidents. I cannot conceive, but I suppose it is more providential than otherwise. I think the owners of the property should be compelled to make some other provision for ensuring the safety of the children, by either building the walls higher or putting an iron fence along the coping of each wall.

The residents in Earle-street will not raise a single objection to the postponement of the question of erecting a urinal between the Co-operative Bociety's shoo, and the Griffin Hotel,and they will be pleased that the London and North-Western Railway Com- pany, the owners of the property have raised an objection to the urinal. It is very kind of the Dis- trict Council to propose the erection of such necessary places of convenience, but it is rather too bad to propose to put such places immediately opposite, and in close proximity to residental property.

IMr. Gilmour still seemed to have the cheap I notoriety fit upon him, and evidently wishes to I pose as the champion ot progress. In his endeavour Ito get the Council to bcok up his suggestion for the appointment of four additional County magis- trates, he was not successful, and if one might judge by the voting, the gentlemen he named, were not desirous of entering the ranks of the great un- paid, at least not by the method suggested by Mr. Gilmour. They prefer that the selection shall be made by the County Bench, which really is the proper channel through which such appointments should emanate.

===== 0002601_18990825_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18990825_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER•STREET, A, WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. 'CGUST 27ra as follows :—Prewher, Mr. J. COWL, of %lettere. Worship 10-31 School 2. Gospel 6.32. All seats tree. No collection. Books provided.

-vv- ARRINGTON WONIEN'S LIBER AL ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL PICNIC TO OVERTON HILLS ON TRUESDAY AFT.&'RNOON AUGUST 31st, 1899. CONVEYANCES LE WE LIBERAL CLUB IT 1-30. MEMBERS AND FRIENDS CORDIALLY INVITED. Tickets for Drive and First elass Tea 3s Each, can be had from Mr Mitchell. Liberal Club. or from the committee.

IN ARMS GTON TECHNIC NI, INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. DRAWING, MODELLING, PAINTING, DRAPED LIFE, CLASS DESIGN, WOOD-CARVING. The DAY CLASSES will RE-OPEN on TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19Tn. For particulars and fees, see Syllabus (Postage 1d). CHARLES MADELEY (Secrebary).

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE EVENING CLASSES. SCHOOL OF ART. SOH' )0L OF SCIENCE. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. coNnsuTION SCHOOL. The Session will commence on MONDAY. SEPTEMBER lEtb. New Classes in Mathematics (Staga III), Theoretical Mechanics, Botany, Cookery (Adult class). For Time-table and Fees, Bee List of Clases, ready shortly. CIIARLES MADELEY, Secretary. The Museum.

WARRINGTON CATHOLIC CRICKET CLUB.— DRAWING OF PRIZES. Winning numbers 1782 2341. 2326, 1518, 2345, 616, 108, 649, 474, 920, 396. 189 1179 918. 1040, 1984, 1141, 2333, 2628, 036, 1582, 2977, 1819, 1191, 635, 930, 2347, 832, 1205. 1994. ~ :NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT a separate Building named WELSH CALVINISTIC MillTHO- loisT CHAPEL SITUATED AT CROSFIELD-STREBT. in the civil and parish of Warrington in the Courty of Lancas- ter in the Registration District-. cf Warrington being a Building cert.fied according to law as a Place of meeting for Iteligiotts Worship, was on the Seventeenth day of August, 1899, duly Iregistered fir solemnizing Marriages therein, Pursuant to the Act of 6th and 7th Wm, IV., cB5. Witness my hand this 18th day of August, 1899. THOMAS H. SUTTON. Superintendent Registrar.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 61. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 61. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- W. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. *1 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. GERMANIC Wed., Aug. 30 I OCEANIC Wed. Sept 6 CYMRIC Fri, Sept. 1 I MAJESTIC Wed., Sept 13 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tel lour, 111E1E, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhal street, London 8.C..

T IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling _LA at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting • • OWL AND BEAR Or other steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). AUGUST. _t PROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW 'Monday 21st 9p m. Wednesday 23rd 2 p.m. 6 30* Friday 25th 1 p.m. Monday 28th 2 p.m. 6 30* Wednesday 30th 6 p.m. t From Clarence Dock, South-West Side * By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 101.; return (available for two months), 15s ; steerage, (single) 5s ; SPECIAL FLEES: --Cabin return (available for ten days). 12s 6d. Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through b?okings in connection with Chsshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Ghsgovr and Greenock. Return tickets are avail ,ble by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company. Limited, C. MACIVER & 00.. Managers, Albert Square, Manchester. and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8.8. SIBERIAN for Et. Rim's N.F.. and:Halifax Aug. 29th 8.8. CALIFORNIAN. for Quebec and Montreal Aug 31st I.e. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal .Sept. 7th 8.8. CARTHAGINIAN, for St. John's N.F , and Halifax Sept. 9th. s.s. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 14th SAL ASSYRIAN for St John's N.F. and Halifax Sept 19th Ls. BAVARIAN foriQuebec and Montreal saloon Fares from £lO. 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO.. 19, James- St., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-et., Warringto

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVEFPoOL From DOUGLAS. Da11y...10 .30 a.m., & 2 p.m. I Daily 9 a.m., & 4 p.m. EXT A. SAILINGS. Fridays 6pin & 12 night I Mondays l2-30 ain Saturdays ...5 p in & 12-30 nt Mondays 12 night I Wednesdays l2 night I DAY EXCURsIONb daily, by "Empress Queen." Prom Liverpool —10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Douglas arrive abt 2.15 p.m. I Liverpool arrive abt 7.45 p.m. And by Saturday's midnight steamer. to return Sunday midnight steamer at day excarsion fares. REBUCED DAY EXCURSION FARES. Saloon 6s. : Fore Cabin, 4s. LIVERPooL To RAMSEY direct.—Mondays, and Saturdays at 12-30 noon. Via Douglas. Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thurs- days and Fridays, a 2 p in. The most enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow la via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailings &c., free, or postage id. Isle of Man Steampacket Company. Limited, Imperial- buildings, Douglas; THOMAS ORFORD & SON, 22, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LI V Es iißoPirro dOat!: TICKBBTs (14 E days) T . issued Saturdays. Return Saloon 10s. Return Steerage 48. S.S. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday, from West side St. Georges Dock *SATURDAY, AUG. 19th 10 30 p.m. TUESDAY. AUG. 22nd 10 0 p.m. THURSDAY, AUG. 24th 11 0 p.m. *SATURDAY, AUG. 2602 10 309p.m. From Prince's Landing Stage. Single Saloon Es. Return 12s 6d. Single Steerage, 38 Ed. kt eturn 58 6d. Send for new Edition "Peeps at Irish licenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 164. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24g. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 65. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LANG LANDS' SAILINGS. GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer: From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24, North Side tiVed,. Aug 23rd 12 noon Monday Aug. 21st 2 p.m. Monday Aug. 28th 3 p.m. Friday Aug. 25th 2 p.m. Wed., Aug. 30th 2 p.m. 'Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock at 630 p.m. twrom Landing Stage at 3 p.m. IRA RES—Cabin. Single, 10s. ; Return, valid for Two Months, 15s ; Steerage, Single, 58, , SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, valid for 10 days only, are 'Owed at 12s fid Cabin; 7s 6d. Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are no in a position to SELL all the LATEST TI rATCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. W. R OSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery :-68, Lime-street.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BRST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. best and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winifride's Well, Pantasaph. Prestatyn and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Salon Steamer FLYING' FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's L-mding-stage and Mostya (Weather and other circumstances pern.itting), as under : LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, 1"0 to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in 430eth Wales. 'Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL From MosTyN :,at. 19th Aug. 8 0 a.m. *Sat, 19th Aug. 10 0 a.m. t. 19th Aug. 530 p.m. 'Sat. 19th Aug. 7 30 p.m. .1,4&O111. 21st Aug. 9 0 a.m. Mon. 21st Aug. 12 0 noon Vets. 22nd Aug, 9 0 a.m. Tues. 22nd Aug. 1 0 p.m. T,ed. 23rd Aug. 9 0 a.m. Wed. 23rd Aug. 1 30 p.m. pgjz. 24th Aug. 10 0 a.m. Thu. 24th Aug. 2 15 p.m. pi". 25th Aug. 10 0 a.m. Fri. 25th Aug. 3 0 p.m. t. 26th Aug. 10 30 am. Sat. 26th Aug. 4 0 p.m oinizle Fare (Deck), is. 6d. ; (Bridge). 2a. 6d. Return ftre (Deck), 2s. ; Bridge, 3s. Tickets not transferable, and 4Vallable for day of issue on'y. thßefreshmente on board at moderate charges. •OflP:ts : 27, "ATIIII-51811ET, Liverpool. Telephone. 2334

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAP Oiricfc AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marson Street, Warrington

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

al FIG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, YES! ORNANIENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LHEOE-STREEr, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85, Bridge•street. Warrington to more suitable premises at Padgate-lane, FAIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the most improved type of oven. ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 198.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine 'ieleetion of RARE COIN-4. WAR MEDALS, ANTIQURS, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOLIO-HT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAlt MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63 NSRAw-sTasin, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1319. Valuations for probate.

UNI BR F:LIAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. lid ; any size. A first-class tassel with each tecover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always keptin 'stock. -27,MANCHESTER-ST. ; branch,9, Great George- str.-et, Liverpool.

A_YRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

f? UPTUTIES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -Ltd T. 131U.01 NGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS or Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Lou am-roa.l. Manchester.

To BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS, PEELS, RODS, SCALES, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS. PIPES. EGG WEIISKS. PIE MACHINES' MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS, BUN PROVERS, PIPING- TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM FREFZERS, Itc • ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOCK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. M. Lo WE, 24, PRESCOT STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hill.

BARLO W'S POWDEUS. Cure Pain in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgia, Sciatica, Rheumat- ism, Anmmia. &c. All Chemists la 1d and 25 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILL'iLEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

GOOD WORK NI AN SHIP & REAL GOLD IS CHEAPEST. No OTHER IS EVER TURNED OUT or OUR GILDING SROP 68, Li ANOVER STR bad', LIVE RPOOL. BRADLEY PASS AND CO. (Two doors from Bold-street).

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TlNs, is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS NT POST is. 3D. AND BD. EACH, J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE NO 700.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES [FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

LAST DAY OF SALE. A-TONISHING PRICES. DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. YOU MUST HAVE A WATERPROOF. LAST DAY OF SALE. J. E. HUGHES, 5, Sf. GEORGE'S CRESCENT (Tor OF LORD-STREET), LIVERPOOL, ABSOLUTE CLEARANCE. THE WHoLIC OF HIS HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF LADIES' SACQUE COATS AND LONG CAPES, AND GENT'S COATS. AT PRICES MUCH BELOW COST. CYCLE CAPES, 2s. HD. LADIES' SUPPORTING BELTS FROM 2s. 11D.

• THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. Ill! Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First Glass and Saloon 23s 6d Trains run Third class and Saloon 159 Ott alongside , Third class and Fore Cabin us Ott 3 steamer.. SPECIAL NOTICE.—OIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for wing via Barrios- and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- woad, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and saloon 19s Ott Third-class and Saloon 13s 6d Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamar "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE " is now on the service. There will be EXTRA sailims every SATURDAY. July Bth to SEPTEM- BUR 2nd., in connection with train leaving Warrington at 2.25 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE A CO., Barrow.

W. P. FRANCIS AND CO. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, BROAD SIREET HOUSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATTERS FREE OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAIIXNGS (Sundays included) LIVERPOOL to LLANDUDNO, BEA.UMARIS, BANGOR, and MLNAI BRIDGE (weather and circumstances permit- tinaealling from Prince's Landing Stage EVERY DAY at a.m. By the splendid steamer "ST. TUDNO " for above 10-45 places (four hours ashore at Llandudno), due back at 7-30 p a.m. hVPILY SATURDAY, CARNARVON and BACK 9-15 same day. Special Extra Sailings by St. Elvies for above places (long day ashore at Llandudno), due back by St Tudno at 7-30 or at 8-15 p.m. by Snowdon. p.m. EV.uRY SATURDAY and MONDAY AFTERNOON 2-15 by St Elvies, and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS by :inowdon. to above places, connecting at Llandudno with St. Tudno ; due back 7-30 p.m. MONDAY MORNINGS from North Wales. Early Steamer (St. Elvies), due 1 iverpool 10 15 a.m. Reduced Day and W eek-end Fares. Special Cheap Half-day fares. For all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTD.. T. G. BREW, Secretary. 23, WATER-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Tel. No. 6366.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and beet value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTA.NCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

371jzs;-',:: BOROUGH: OF 14:4,f,-;.'. -7, -4;•430 WARRINGTON. W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCEN- TRATED MANURE. TWENTY-PIRST SEIBoN. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRINGTON.

ri- ALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

Estimates givn. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &c. -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SEOURIC REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price 10, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 9id. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHA.M. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses : 35, BRIDGE STREET,

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E M ASHIJRST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS). Opposite the Terminus Stock ton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTTED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND. 1899.

A. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER I; H PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and w STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID I V HALL-MARKED CASEg, well foisted an, especially adapted to lit flat in the pocket. " F F„ ) Ifit fitted *5llO TsitSh- SHILLINGS. This watch is timei to a minute, and will STAND ANY AmouNt OF ROI:GH WEAR- A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION ! A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch cm be had in ALL SIZ !LS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P.O 0.

MRS. . WALTON'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARCIE3. FEARNHEAD 'LANE, PADGATE, ONE lIINUTE'S WALK FAOII 'BUS TERMINUS

NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE. ARMER'S ARMS, FEARNHEAD. JOSEPH lIOBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fearnhea.d. pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time (at reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison's latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES, and Stout. Wines. Spirits, and cigars of the Best Quality. A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Mies of Photographic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHER GROUPS A SPECIALITIE.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. • When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of good (Imlay and first-class workmanship. The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them 11 iT 140 R PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large stozk, experience, and the very excep- tional trade facilities wlaich naturally apply to oar well-known extensive business of BONA-FIDEL:. PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852), in whiah we daily make advances of money to jewellers and wearers of jewellery in all parts of the country, make it easy for us to supply our customers in many cases at 10S. IN THE LESS THAN THE USUAL COST PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL. LIME-STREET END (Close by the Adelphi Hotel).

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN SW.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had ln CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM • WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufactwer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWBN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, /cc., Ac. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ac., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO FISH CURERS AND FISH MERCHANTS. WM, McLACHLAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING- MERCHANTS, 129, BRIDEGATE, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LOCHFYN/C FRESH and SPRINKLED HRICRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest Market Prices. Cash with orders. Telegram address: Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone Nd. 1185.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CH LO ItODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. oHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered. OHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Oroup Ague.* CiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentny. CtILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, ac. From Dr. B. J. BoULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inotir practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTIoN.—Vioe-ChAncellor Tr W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLus BRoWNE was, anioubtedly, the Inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 44., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the worms "DR. J. couis BROWNE'S CHLORODYBE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medics ltestimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great ussell-str est. Bloomsbury. lention

For xearly 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO: WOMANKIND. They are the best known ;remedy for Ansemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, so., Is. lid., 2s. 9cl and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— DB, DAVIS, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. 01IN WILSON & SON, (IdELFAsT) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l./ lic generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76., BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTCRERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOW" STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNRHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 106, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NRW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILT E FACTORY, BALLYSIERE.

J. MARSH. 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON( FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

BUY YOUR GROCERIES CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT PON= AND DUCKWORTH'S, POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S 99 BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

UNDER DEED OF ARRANGEMENT. W. WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), JEWELLERS AND SILVERSMITHS, 14, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, SPECIAL REALIZATION SALE. 40 TO 50 PER CENT. OFF EVERY ARTICLE IN STOCK. SEE WINDOWS FOR SPECIAL PRICES.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPLIS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (L Y ILL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER) EL EC TR() PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL ALL ABOUT TO FURNISH SHOULD VISIT THIS POPULAR ESTABLISHMENT. INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK AND NOTE THE REMARKABLY LOW P.IICES FOR CASH ONLY. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40;- DELIVERED FREE TO ANY • RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE-3 FREE.

TAM O'SIIANTER AND CI ROE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, A.ND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepOts and Show Rooms 359 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. RLEPHONR No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FoR WARRINGTON MR. A. STANWAY. 37, BUTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS NOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, IRoNMONGERS.

IiVILLIAM UNDO?, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and ' BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES, all kinds of Dominoes, - GAMES Chet s, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, - at PußLics. Skittles, Ac. Estimates given. 381 SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHEDNEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON ROAD, 13 NOW SHOWING- ABSOLUTELY THE BEST AND MOST LADY-LIKE MILLINERY IN LIVER- POOL. ALL GOODS NOW AT END OF THE SEASON PRICE

COuration.

THE MISSES RIMMER , Sen. lion. Cert., R.A.M. SCHOOL will Rl-OPEN (D.V.) SEPTEMBER 13th —Pets, etc., on appllcatlon.—At Home after Septem- ber sth.

A RNOLD HOUSE SCHOOL, POULTON-LE•FYLD4, ni ar Bla^kpool. Boys receive a good education with co., fortable borne. Next Term begins SHPT. 14TH,Principal. R. Toy/row:in (Royal University, Ireland).

M IS FLORRNCR TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbach of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils f rPI A.NOFOKTR LBSSONS. Recommended by H. bTENDNER-WELSIRG, Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY and others.— Address 16. DIVSEUM-STREtT. Warrington. -

MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VIOL, (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), lIECEIVE3 PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTRRPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of MUSIC. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREEr, Warrington.

MANCHESTER URASIMAR SCHOOL, FEE £4 48. PER TERM. The NEXT :TRIM begins TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SIGPT. 13th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the Schoul. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. i)WEN W. COX, Receiver.

WARRINGTON . GRAMMAR SCHOUL. The EXT TERM WILL BEGIN On TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12rn. The HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to Interview Parents On SATURDAY, SEPT. 9TH MONDAY, SEPT. lITH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY & CLASS-ROOM. PROSPECTUS, &C. ON APPSIOATION.

~ . . ------,-=---, -=_— ; • ._. ,-; -.------ .:: .-' .s.- ,- __________, -I— ----=- --- .. ::'; ,--=-7-- 'i, -----=.=.- -.; .., • i-7. .. ,_ g. ..,,.. • •E •------7 •—t.„ ,--- ----== •. • ....7.. , _.„--7.-7..-- nrs' -7.--- •. • • -r-i - • ..:.=-_ .---- _ , _ :To i ;:' .E.-. !• . ,—.. . ..-. ' - --:. ' a. . ~.--- GOLD. MEDAL _ = —_,-: -..i.-_-__-_, _ _ . . ~_ ......E_S----= - ___- __ _______ _ - — , ,- _ , • - _ - _ ~ . ...______ • _____ Fin_:_ ...._ ______ _ ____,..„.. ____, ~... - - , . .....= - , • - . r..--. 70.•

DELICIOUS JELLIES. Don't buy a jelly simply bccaus, it is cheap. Don't You want a delicious and delicate flavour? Very buy it because your children like sweet things. Don't well, then, buy Chivers' Jellies, because they are buy it because your neighbour does. If you want a jelly flavoured with ripe fruit juices, prepared from fresh because it is wholesome, nourishing, and digestible, then fruit. buy Chivers' Gold Meeill Jellies. FIELD AND FACTORY - The Twenty-Fifth Anniversary. COMMENTS OF THE PRESS. • HOME NOTES.—" The fruit is boiled in huge cauldrons, of the factory, which covers a floor space equal to nearly whleh have an inner lining of silver-plating so that no dele- three acres, and the appearance of the hundreds of em- terious effect can ensue from contact with objectionable ployees, at once inspires confidence. The visitors were all metal. The exquisite cleanliness of the whole process is impressed with the perfect cleanliness of every depart- most striking." m ent." THE WOMAN'S SlGNAL.—"Chivers' Jellies have become EASTERN DAILY PRESS :—After the luncheon the a household word. If any of our readers have not tried them visitors were taken through the factory. and were much they can be confidently recommended to do so as they are impressed by the cleanliness everywhere prevailing, and the perfectly pure, absolutely clear, and pleasant to look at on heal: by appearance of the workpeople. The fruit, fresh Lora the table, and so skillfully combined in regard to flavour that the fields, was splutterh,g and simmering in silver-lined pans they require no skill to prepare them." giving off a delicious aroma which could be smelt about the THE INDEPENDENT.—"It is only by comparing Messrs. country, quite a distance from the factory, and the visitors 1 Chivers' Jam Factory with other smoky and un- were able to see the different hands and processes through happily in too many cases, unhealthy factories, that which the strawb rriea passed ere they reached the tables of one realises the innumerable advantaves of Jam-mak- the consumer as Jam, and also to satisfy themselves that ing under such ideal conditions. The general management fruit, and nothing but fruit, is used in its manufacture."

_ - _ - - . Er- =•- 7,1 • • -7- _ - = _

_ . - • - • - - . • = , . - - y- . • , rtia • _ _ • ••• - . •

A FREE SAMPLE WILL be SENT on RECEIPT of a LF.TTER or POSTCARD addressed S. Chivers & Sons' Fruit Farm Jam Factory, Histon, Cambridge.

THE POLYPHON. THIS MANVELLOUS MUSICAL - INSTRUMENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork—thousand; of 1: Tunes. You can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE • TUNES. Prices from I2s 6d• to .£25 -I ARCHER & SONS, 43 TO 47, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ,'• A 14 rtY CLES 1 CYCLES kJ For Ladies and Gentle ir MM. " ROYAL AJAX " are finest value. Carriage paid. VOlA't‘z *% w3°lre.cei2nit meheeansPeerStoothaZ else- and Secondhand. BABY TERMS: FROM 109. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. 1899 ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Large Cycle-Riding School. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., 45, EVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch: 30, ELLIOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield.

3.4)00.*0 4-4)**-4,..4444,44)41+04 .04.4'41 , H . : STARCH:NG A PLTASUFtE: THE H\/STAS— • 6 L 4. E. ITMIECJIVIA...S &GO' O. i stoss.tex state: ~,,. 4 Requires no glaze. May be used with hot or cold wateri for li• Saves time. trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemts ' 1, SOLD IN PACKETS, ld. and 4d. soy. ..„,‘,„ri,n...,: o L. E. novionsi&E; .Prince's Buildings,Edge-lane, LIVERPOOL.... It your G roc, .40.4jH1MN~.................7,>' rbe°

•In the organism of man RS in that of all th—ertbilogiil''ro .imals, the materials for the nutrition of every P° the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the diseased the the body is diseased.' " Clarkes' World Ifon,e4ifiesse; Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin •"eci, It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovt'hoever will free the system from all impurities from .:;01 Lere3 cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema. 'rvello°,. P imples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are rn°,3. pet lhousanda of testimonials. Sold iverywhere at at.t'itute,"" Botle. Beware of worthies. tations and fiti °'

DR A_ UG " EXAIIINE3," AUGUST 25TH:, 1899. All communications including solut;ons to prohlem and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the " Draughts Editor," " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must rtfteh the office not later than the first post on FitIDA.Y morning. r the Draughts Editor will he pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all oaqutiries.] ANSWERS TO CORUESPONDE S TS. A flutter, Warrington You will doubtless have noticed that White in order to draw is obliged to the throw the piece 11-7. At 12;h move of solution play 10-15, 6-10, 15-19, 10 -15, 19-24,15-19, 24-28 1923,- 28-32, 23-18, 32-27, 18-15, 27-23, B. • wins.i F. WRIGHT and J. GREEN, Warrington.-See answer to A. Rutter. W. MASSEY, Warrington, at 10th move of your, Solution play 6-10, 1-6, 10-15, 6-10, 15-19, 10-45, 19-21, 15-19, 24-28, 19-23, 28-32 23-18, 32-27, 18-15, 27-23,8 Wins. See answer to A Rutter. SOLUTION OF PROBLENI No. 46. By Mr. J. J. Foden, 'Warrington. Black men on 1,2, 4,9, 12, and 20; king on 26.. Whi-e men on 7, 10, 11, 15, 23, and 24, king on 17. White to move and win. 23-19 12-19 10- 6 1-10 O-27 11- 3 4-11 13- 3 19-16 2-18 17-13 W Wins. PROBLEM. No. 47. SELECTED. [BLACK.]

--- --- %/ . % , / / / le 4 / , ,/, . /. , r / , r 7 . • ~. ~. , , , 0// ~- ~ / , , - , 7 ,„ c;) ~ v , , , ,I 'ILTEI.

Torturing Distigurinfr Humours Itching, Burning, and Scaly Eruptions of the Skin and Scalp with Loss of Hair CURED BY CUTICURA The treatment is simple, direct, agreeable, and economical, and is adapted to the youngest infant as well as adults of every age, viz. :—Bathe the affected parts with HOT WATER and CIITICURA SOAP tc cleanse the skin of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply CUTIOURA Ointment freely, to allay itch- ing, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and lastly take the CIITIOURA RESOLVENT to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure when all other remedies and even the best physicians fail. Sold everywhere. Price, THE SET, 6.9.; or CIITICDRA SOAP, 18.,1 OINTMENT, 2s. 6d.; RESOLVENT L. 6d.; post- paid of F. NEWDERY A SONS, London. E. C. POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.

ApartmentO. & eurntaeb TOOttSES.

DOUGLAS.—Misses ATHERTON, Rookwood, 12, Derby square, two minutes from promenade, beds 2s ; full board 5s day.

lyilli*LAb.—APAtiTaitikiTS. with or without, board; bath and piano; splendid views overlooking bay.— KIRKLAND% Kingswood-terrace, Windsor-road. COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS. near Prome- nade, home comforts, well recom.—lVY DENS, Lawson- road—Mrs DTrcxv-ng:

81, ACK POOL.-APARTMENTS, three minutes from Cen- tral Station.—Mrs. TAYLOR, Kirk View, Bethesda-road, off Central-drive.

BLA.CKPOOL.—MRs. WoRTinNoToN, 107, Lytham-road, Apartments; is per day each person. Trams pass door, near sea. Piano.

BLACKPOOL. Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House, 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea (late of Bewsey-road, Warrington). \

MORECAMBE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS near L A N-W station ; with or without board.—Miss ELLER- SHAW. 44. Kensington-road.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS near Promo" mute. piano, bith, terms raoderate.—Mrs. PIXLEY, 31, Woodfield-road, South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—PIeatant APARTMENTS; bath, plan o cycle house; near station and sea.—Mrs. 3. TAYLO R 51, Withaoll-road, South Shore.

TAOLGELLY,—Superior APARTMENTS, dining, drawing, and six bedrooms, bathroom, etc.—Apply Mrs. MANDEB, Springfield Villa, Springfield-street.

RHYL.—WeII-farnisbed apartments ajoining church ; near sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own grounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHEPHERD, Glanmorfa.

BLACKPOOL.-Try MRS. GBRMAN (from Oldham), 92. Central Drive, for comfortable APAIITYINNTS (public or private), Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

B- -6- LACKPOOL. MRS EYR. Malvern House, 20,-Lonsdale- -13 road, South Shore. Public and private APARTM RNTS one minute from sea ; bath, piano. Highly recommended ; beds is each person.

ISLE OF MEAN.— TO LET' furnished,weekly or permanent sitting-room and one or more benroome. also comforta`thi Apartments. board or otherwise, terms strictly moderate.— Apply Mrs BRIDSON, 35, Derby-road, Douglas.

I AKE DISTRICT APARTMENTS, Large sitting and bed- IA rooms well furnished ; open view ; every convenience ; good cooking ; terms moderate. Special terms for wintor months.—Apply Mrs, .EIRITNSKILL, Exeter House, 44, Bleneathra-street, Keswick.

lIOLIDAYS.—Most Charming RESIOBNCB near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trowt Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled, Re-furnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 10s. per week.—liDwaßD CESARI. Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

30Ziro0i. 36oarbuig estab9 . LLA.NDUDNO.—Facing the sea. Brig-y-Don Bording- house ; Gloddaetb.crescent. Beautiful position. For terms apply to Mr. MORRIS BASSETT. ILFRACOMBH—THB GRANVILLR. First class BoARD- 1. HOUSE. Close IO Sea.—Comfort; sociability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis.—W. E. Foams TSLE OF MAN, CHALMER'S York House, Castle Terrace Central Promenade; Douglas, Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board 53. 6d. and 6s. 6d. per day ;no extras.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT • 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARN. ROME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Cc , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SIINNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician : BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6cl per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. ROC/COCK, Proprietor.

MERRY AND BREEZY BLACKPOOL. FOR EARLY OR LATE BREAKFAST, LUNCHEON, DINNER, TEA, OR SUPPER, CALL AT PARKER'S RESTUARANT, WHERE YOU WILL OBTAIN THE BEST AND CHEAPEST. -- LARGE OR SMALL PARTIES CATERED FOR. • PARKER'S RESTUARANT, 22, CHURCH-STREET, BLACKPOOL.

Ea be art. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per wee k DALLAII-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent 21.0. MILL-STREET.--Several Suites offices. 17, GEE STREET. rent 53 per week. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent 7s. 16, WELLINGTON STRzET, rent ss. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rinaton. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.— 61,P RIESTLEY-ISTREET,WARIIINGTON,good corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington. riAPITAL HOUSE AND SHOP TO LET.—Large Ware- -1...) house, Sts.bling, &a., Bridge-street. —Apply SCALES AND SONS,, Boot Warehouse, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.

910 LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE rents 49. Apply I- WOODS SON. solicitors. Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton.

glo Lim—LARGE ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O I_ Apply WOODS a SoN, Soliziters, iforeemarket-street, Warrington. Q HOP TO LET.—Good position, main thoroughfare; suit any light trade; rent £l6.—Apply 49, HIGII-STREET , Golbonae.

DREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— 1.. Apply WOODS & Sox. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. rllO LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfor.i-at., rent £l3.—Apply WOODS & Sort, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

}clublir 300ti5t5, t!ottis, C. ANDERTON, Auctioneer Valuer, and Licensing Agent, Gresham-buildings,lol, Dale-street, Liverpool. (old established),has to Let and Sell several genuine HOTELS andPUBLIC HOIJSRS ; every investigation. 'THE WAVERLEY, 9, South Castle-street. —This old-estab- J.. Bathed Restaurant to be Let on exceptionally low terms tu suitable person ; wine and beer license.—For particulars apply E. C. Anderton, 101. Thile-str eet, Liverpool. BOOTLE (principal thoroughfare).—Off-licensed BEER- HOUSE. selling four barrels ale weekly ; open to im- provement. Also General Del,ler and Tobacconist ; easy terms to a suitable ,tenant.—For particulars apply E. C. Andertoa, 101, Dale-staeet, Liverpool.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains an misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can ue thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH sCiiIIIOINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guarqnteed genuine : I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get curet, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." •• I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent scaled, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

LipVictbatt Ertatp.

G-. H. &. H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 611 631 CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, PARLOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush, Ge,ts and Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well made. Our Price 26 S. P.

HANDSOMN SIDEBOARD, very Payments taken. massive, with plate glass back and shelves; six large drawers. £7 15s. Very cheap.

PARLOUR SUM?, comprising Payments taken. Lady's and Gent's Easy Chair and four small ch4irs and couch in red plush, hard wood frames. Very g 6 10 S. cheap.

ARGE Stock of Kitchen Tables, Payments taken. 1.1 Chairs, Fenders. Fire Irons, Hearth hugs, Pictures, Vases, &e. Very cheap.

HANDSOME pair of Bedroom Payments taken. TABLBS, with bevelled plate glass back and marble slab, in solid ash. Very cheap. 26 6s

A LARGE stock of OVER- Payments taken. la. MANTLES, bevelled plate, with shelves, from 17s 6d to 70s. Wool beds from 7s 6d to 21s.

T ARGE Stock of Men's. Youths'. ..LJ and Boys' Clothing. Mem' Coats from 2s 63 ; Men's Trousers from Is ltd ; tc! en's Vests from is 3s ; Youths' Coat from 2s; Youths' Trousers from is 6d ; Youths' Vests from 9d. Men's and youths' Cord Trousers from 35 11d.

A HANDSOME ENGLISH CHINA, complete treasure o 11 40 pieces absolutely free in return f,r a few hours pleasant work.—Write for particulars of this genuine offer, The NEW GRANVILLE POTTERY CO., Jervis-street, Hanley.

VOUR PHOTOGRAPH ENLARGED from your own I_ Cabinet or Carte de Visite and framed in dark polished 11 solid oak with gilt slip 20 by 15i. inches for lOs 6d each.— S.IIMPEHLEY, 166, Radnor-street, Hu!me, Manchester.

rjlo 13E SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive J. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Bultable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwick-street, I iverpool. -DIME COD LIVER OIL, direct from the Manufacturer. 1 Warranted pure. In bott:es, containing pint and haif, 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for large quantities.— R. CiLBRIDGE, Fish ducks, Grimsby. Established 1884. I WE FlSH.—Sample Basses, containing 71bs. assorted, 1.4 ready dressed for cooking, sent on receipt or P.O. for Is. 6d.—PERSEVERANCE FISHING CO., Grimsby Docks. THE HOUSEWIFE'S FRIEND. A complete guide to brew ing, fining. &c.. of strong and middle Ales, Porter Bitter Beer, ekc. Also twines on Wines, Cordials, Jellies. and others too numerous to mention. Price is id. Should be in the hands of every housewife. ?TWELVE SELECTED TOILET RECIPES for Pomades, 1 Cold Cream, Upset-7e, Hair Dyes, Complexion Powders, Depilatories itc. Price is id. -- DURNEY'S BOOK OF 100 TRADE SECRETS. A sure 11 living guaranteed to every enterprising man or woman. Worth pounds. Price is id. VOTE.—A free gift worth 5s alone given to every pur- chaser of any of the above (as an advertisement for this month only). Descriptive Catalogues Free. BURNEY AND COMPANY, Station-street, Huddersfield.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a Quantity of Good GOVEd.NMENT GOODS, rasued out ot Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof sheets. 6! 1. by 3ft. Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t. by 61t 1;5.4 0 Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-Leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' .olosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight, lit, by 6ft 2 6 Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 461 n. by 42in ..... White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletho/es, 461 n. by 421 n 2 0 ' Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulger Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All•leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 25ft. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets, lift, by sft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size 61,1'6110es with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, 13. per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. 3 . G4.88,)N, Government Contractor, Rye. .

Ititarimittrpt at. pATENT OFFICY MABOHNSTER, B9TABLIBHED IN 1835. llessr aIIORGIG DAVIRki ec SON have hat mote than 4C years'_persou al experience in connection with this Establich. nient, and possess praetioalktaowledge of the cotton, woollen, nnd iron mannfaettires. "Self-he.p to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. G-EORGE DAVIES, C.E., 4% BON, P.1.P.A., Id.E.A,, 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GAS-ENNGINE FOR SALE, between t and 1 horse power, can be seen runuing.—Apply WILLIAM JAcKsoN, 128, Chapel-street, Nelson.

TTOT-WATBR Fl TTINGS, a Speciality. Bstimates given 1-1 for labour only or otherwise. Boilers and piping taken down and re-Pr,ctedcoroblete. References.—DEszox, Craven-street Droylsolen, Manchester.

EADE'S PILLS. EA.DE'S IjILLS. Al! who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EALIVS plus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have FADE'S DILLS, been received from all sorts and ..UJ I conditions of men testifying to EADE S DILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vase EADR'S )ILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate iu their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORid OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, ALd have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. OUT " 16,Burton-cres2ent Dewsbury. road, Leeds. May 2nd. 1894. ; HBUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unbounded .1 pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills, it is six years since I first had RHBUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUM AT ISM The next spring I had nother atraek, and was persuaded by a -GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have !lad the least 1 OUT pain I have taken 2 more Pah and I have been all right again DHEUMATIS DI directly. JJt I WOULD NOT BIN WITHOUT Gri OUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHBU ATIS LI You are quite at liberty to make what use you lila of this, and I OUT shall be pleased rt. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write REEUMAT M rue (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Arc sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid, and 2s. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD, B.C. Ask fur and be sure you obtain I.3ADII'S GOUT AND ABLEU RATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTIO N Mum 202 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED FOR THE WAREHOUSING AND DISPOSAL OF FURNITURE Or any other kind of Property. Tel. No. 2002. Hours 9 ,t.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturdays) 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VALIED STOOK OF FURNITURE AND HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, consisting chiefly of GENUINE SECOND-HAND ARTICLES Consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very best quality it is possible to get, having originally , been purchased from firms of the highest standing and repute and now offered for sale at most moderate prices, EXTREME LOWNESS OP PRICE having always been THE SPECIAL FEATURE of our business. Being also auctioneers we have unrivalled opportunities for securing bargains, an I are Daus in a position to give our customers EXCEPTIONAL ADVAFTAGES. Not obtainable elsewhere. WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and inspect out Stock, even if you do not happen to iatend allying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pested to buy, as in other places ; but people of commonsense will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS—NETT CASH ON OR IiEItORE DELIVERY. If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free of charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable deposit. UFRIGHT CONCERT GRAND, by R. Barthol, Berlin, a magnificent instrument of powerful and sonorous tone, enclosed in natural rosewood case, with marqueteril panel ; the list price of this instrument is 70 guineas ; now offered for half that amount, as itmust be sold before Aueust 10, in order to close the estate. Anyone requiring a really high class piano will find in this a special bargain, and can have every confidence as to reliability, the piano being sold under the maker's guarantee, coupled with our own. Con- signment No. b4lB. Price 35 guineas. HIGH-CLASS COTTAGE PIANO by the famous makers, Eberhardt and Co., of exquisite tone and touch, and having all most recent improvements,enclosed in choice burr walnut case, with beautifully inlaid panel front; altogether an especially fine little instrument. Was purchased less than three months ago for £33 cash. Price now £24. Hartley's, 202, London-road. rIOTTAGE PIANOFORTE by Van Gruisen, a thoroughly sound instrument of the most mosiern type. enclosed in burr walnut case, nearly new. Cost 35 guineas ; price now £l6 10s. —Hartley's, 202, London-road. eIARPETS.—SPECI AL OPPORTUNITY.—Bankrupt Stock kJ of Carpets. just purchased from the trustees at an extremely low figure, enabling us to offer unequalled value in all kinds of carpets and ruga, velvet pile, Axminster, Wilton, Brussels. tapestry, ace made up into bordered squares of various dimensions; grand range of patterns. Also a large number of ilearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting.— Hartley's, 202, London-road. 15/[AGNIFIOE2IT ROLL-TOP DESK of an entirely I/1_ unique pattern, made from solid brown oak and of massive construction, havine all the usual fittings, in addition to which the pedestals revolve outwards, disclosing interior shelves and ctbinets. This will be found to be an exceedingly commodious and convenient desk. Price £2O cost £35. No. 54.5.—Hart1ev's, 202, London-road. DRESENTATION CABINET of Cutlery and Electro-Plate by F. Wood, Sheffield. A three-tier Cabinet in polished oak, with folding doors and Iseevy brass handles, the ' contents comprising one dozen each table and dessert knives two pairs carvers and steel, one dozen each large and small forks, half a dozen table spoons, one dozen desserts, one dozen tea and half a dozen egg spoons, large and small j ladles, sugar tongs, pickle fork, am spoons, butter knives, knife rests, ssrviette rings, and several other pieces, all best electro plate, and have never been used, being a wedding present to late owner. Cost £2O guineas ; price now £lO 17s 6d. No. 5423.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. I s 0511 WOOD SETTEE, with armchair and lady's chair to 11‘, match, hair stuffed and covered in figured blue plush ; £7 lOs ; originally cost £2O. Two Folding Chairs.upholstered to accord ; 12s ad each. Rosewood MUSIC CABINET to match ; only 30s ; cost £4 USIC CABINET, inlaid rosewood, with glazed door, isTi. surmounted by shelf heck with mirror panel inset. 23 15s ; cost £6 10. No 5319 DRA WING-ROOM CABINET, Louis XVI style, in dark mahogany, of best style and finish. £l5; cost 30 guineas. No 5154—Hartley's, 202, London-road. D[SAWING 11001.1 CABINET, most fashionable style,2l2. No 5367—Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, very pretty design. £lO &as 6d No 5265—Hartley's 202. London-road. DRA.WINGsROOM CABINET, bow front. £8 5s No 4949. Hartley's, 202, London-road, DAWING-ROOM CABINET, latest style. £6 15. No. 5364—Hartley's, 202, London-road. CLOCK and Pair Side Ornaments, with hand- painted china panels, under glass shades. Only £2 10s the set: No 5190—Hartley's, 202, London-road, VIRST-CLASS DIVAN SUITE; six single chairs, two lounge chtirs and divan couch, with good walnut frames, upholstered in saddlebags and old gold plush. Price £l3 17e 64 worth 20 guineas. No. 5292. WALNDT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most approved style, upholstered in rich Genoa velvet; only £6 2s 63 ; No. 5469. Another excellent Suite, in green velvet; £6; No. 5468.—Hartley's, 2(2, London-road. DRA.WING ROOM SUITE of Louis XV, style, with finely- carved frames of dark mahogany, hair stuffed, and covered in old gold silk tapestry, with plush borders ; condi- tion as new. Price £22 10s. No. 5087.—Hartley's. QUPERB DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with carved frames, ebouised on rosewood upholstered in the choicest flowered silk tapestry, and undoubtedly a suite of the very best class obtainable, having been purchased from a West End London firm for 40 guineas. Having been taken great care of, it is little worse than new. Price £24, No. 5263. Hartley's, 202, London-road. SMALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, neatly designed,and• of exceptionally good finish. £4 103. No. 5281, A FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with mirror back, £3 5s No 5285.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. sk..T. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front elasorately al carved and surmounted by mirror-panelled canopy back. £7 las ; cost £l2 158 recently. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design and best finish. £8 ; cost £1 4. No. 5280, sfl. Walnut Sideboard £7.—Hartley's, 202, London-road, it FT.. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front and mirror- k) panelled canopy back. Only £l2 ; cost £25. No. 5918. Hartley's, 202, London-road. fall% BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD of high-class workman. I) ship and design, finely carved and having lofty and Imposing mirror back. £l7 103 ; cost £35. No- 4831. Hartley's, 203, London road, I\TOBLE SIDEBOARD, 61 1. wide and Oft. Bin. high. in solid 1.1 walnut, lined throughaut with mahogany and of very superior style and finish, hiving been designed and made specially to order for the diningroom of local shioowner's residence at a cost of £45. Now to be sold at half cost, £22 10s. No. 5572, WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, covered in leather cloth, well made and well upholstered, a good,reliable mite. £4 12a ad ; worth £7 10s. WALNUT SUITE, upholstered in rich looking saddle bags of splendid quality ; suitable for either parlour or dining room. £9 10s. No. 5840. rERY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely V finished brown oak frames of artistic design,upholstered In dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll 15s ; cost £2l 103. No. 3947, EXCEIL'ENT WALNUT SUITE, with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush, £3 10s. Walnut Suite, with padded backs, in crimson plush, £6 10s. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE of admirable work-., T manship and design, upholstered in real skins. £ll 7s 6d. No. 4909. Hartley's, 202, London-road, AK SPOONBACK DINING ROOM SUITE, with very I heavy frames of uncommon design, upholstered in fine grain nsoroccos. £l7 108 : csst £3O a short time ago. No. 5262.—Hartley's 202, London-road. DEDROOM SUITES.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- ") CLASS SUITE 6. including— DARK WALa UT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s. No, 5275. DARK WALNUT SUITE, handsomely carved. £lO 10s. No. 6488. SATIN WALNUT SUITE. solid throughout and of must attractive design. £l3 10s. No. 5490. BROWN OAK SUITE, very substantial. £ll 10e. No. 4417. HIGH CLASS SUITE in Satinwood. £l7 10s. No. 4787. FASHIONABLE SOIThI in Italian Vs alnut, with burr panels. £l6 10s. No, 5342. ATERY CHOICE SHERATON SUITE. made from Spanish V mahogany of beautiful colour and figuring. richly inlaid and of faultless style and finish. Price £47 10s. No. 5369. Well worth inspection. HAND -oMta BEDROOM SUITE in Italian walnut panelled with rich dark burr walnut and splendidly carved, comprising large double wardrobe, dressing chest with cheval glass affixed, washstand, three chairs, pedestal, anciOnwel rail. £25 10s ; cost £4O. and is still equal to new. No, 5343—Hartley's, 202, London-road, QTYLISH WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE, consisting of lel magnificent break front trio wardrobe with two bevelled plate glass robing doors, dressing chest with swing glass in centre, and mirror-panelled drawer brackets ; washstand with bevelled mirror at the beck, towel rail, pedestal, and three chairs. £27 10. An exceptionally low price for a suite of this character. No 5339 TO SELLERS.—WE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) , or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (if required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently executed- Estimates fre, Correspondence Invited. HARTLEY'S, 20..9 . LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. ' Office and Salerooms : No. 2, BANK-STREET. ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

-DLUMBING BUSIMISS for Sale. a bargain if bought at once ; death cause of sel'ing.—Apply BRIDGES, 4. Roch- dale-road, Harpurhey, Manchester. CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety. Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free.—MABBOTT. Lever-at., Manchester.

GOLDEN Wyandottes. Pullets and Cockrels from Heath's eggs (15s. sittings), noted prize winning strain 3s 6d to 10e 6d. LANGSHAN Cockrels, sires from Wallis and Davies, direct 5s 6d to 10s 6d. WHITH Leehorns. Pullets and Cockreis from Simon Hunter's se;ected eggs ; unsurpassed for laying, 5s to 75 6d. All hatched February, March. April. A LSO one and two year old hens Minoring, Leghorn!. LI Langshans, beet possible strains at 3s 6d.—Rev. dowEts, Bodawen, Penmaenmawr, North Wales.

£86,500 TO ADVANCE ON MORTGAGES, REVERSIONS, LEGACIES Ice. In- terest from 3 per cent. CHIEF RENTS FOR SALB.—J. BROwN, 50a, Lord-street, Liverpool. Est. 1872 Tel. No. 7486 £150,000 roftt:7F3i Pei; centitohe Advanced on Mortgage or co r eupnotsr._J. ivof Ded s_ iri sums to suit borrowers,in any part of the HEADER, 5, Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISFI YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES' WARRINGTON at in/ Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCO RN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DIWOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO o:cdOlit, DAILY TO ALL RF.SPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO 5/- £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £3O ~ 15/- Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or fines clv.rged, hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO J OSEPir ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STREET, WARRING-TON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for netrly 39 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and al raightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PrIOMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPEOTUS ES. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on applica - tion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES!! NO CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money t respeoPable applicants (male or fern ale) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY. PROMPTITUDE, EASY REPAYMENTS. MODERATE INTEREST. Business Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to nine; Sltur- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JO. DAVIS. Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

eptltis, TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETAC HABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Duniop Rims, simplest. cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, tia. 6d each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD (.1 AND 1.)0., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

AUTUMN SALE. WEEPING REDUCTIONS. If you wish to buy a High-grade CYCLE at the price of the so-called Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, ADD WE WILL SURPRISE YOU. HITCHINGS, 74. BOLD-STILE isT.*PLIVERPOOL.

ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, & CO., LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OPFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899,13 S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, as required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on capper. guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by cam pet.nt and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTE PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, &c., complete, TEN POUNDS- £7 12s. 6n. Our No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelre months ; a perfect model. £7 128 6d. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. --- STUAR T. WILLIAMS' AND CO. 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTAB. 1892. Plating, Enamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. When your are placing your order for a B.S.A. Cycle be sure and ask the agent for a specification of the. machine, and then compare with ours. You will find that ninety-nine times out of a hundred the specification is not up to our standard. Fittings.—Genuine 1899 B.S•A. Frame Tubing.—Double-butted, not corunaon German. Wheels.—Built with double-butted spoises, not the ordinary Common. Chain.—Half-inch pitch, not the ordinary block. Tyres.—Palmer or Dunlop, on hollow rims; not on solid ; as many of our rivals fit. We also fit your own height of gear, and your own pattern of haalle-bar. The enamelling is without the least doubt second to none, while the pl-iting is the very first qu day. Price of above machines is £lO 10s. net. Call and see for yourselves. We are glad to show you, and are certain you will be pleased. WE HAVE CI CLES FROM £7 10s. MANAGER, D. DALGLEISH.

CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOUR. IN LIVERPOOL OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPUL&R MAKHRS, nichunmo, Royal Enfield, Rudge-Whitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beeston and Coventry numbers, Osmonds, Swifts. Waverley &c., &c, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Easy terms of payment, from 10s per month. Secondhand /Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, whhh gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. VV ILMA LEA. ”LIVEIs" UYCLB DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT ciL gARANCE CYCLE SALE-. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES TO SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STUCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, " PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES. Call and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. Agents for OSMOND, SINGER, RALEIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS, ASCOT, SANSPAREIL, CLEVBLANDS, GROSVENORS, RAMBLERS, LEANDERS, CAMPIONS, wad HARDIE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BEING OFFERED. 'HARDIE, 16 BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

COOPEE, &ND CO'S TEAS. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. TEAS. HOLD THE LEADING POSITION. TEAS. REPRESENT THE BEST VALUE. TEAS.. GIVE GREATEST SATISFACTION. TEAS. OF SUPREME EXCELLENCE. We have many thousands of regular customers, and we know from past experience that those who try our TEAS for the first time generally become constant users. We have every confidence in the worth of our TEAS, and past results justify the high opinion of their value. UNEQUALLED FOR PURITY, P.CONOMY, AND FRAGRANCE. LEADING PRICES is. 2L., is. 4D., is. 6D., 1:S. BD., AND IS. 10D., per lb. LOCAL BRANCH, "t 5 BUTTER NI A.RKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

_BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. JOSEPH DARLINGTON the noted old Bowl Turner, invites the inspection of his goe'l selection of Bowls made out of the best quality dark lignum- vitce, and rmade strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS, Ito. GENERAL WOOD AND IVORY TURNER. -- 12, 14, & 16, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL Established 1826.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND EITEL APE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM £5 10s. TO £lO 10s., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES correspondingly low. Veeders 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc., etc. ARENA CYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STRENT, LIVERPOOL. •

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. 1100 PING COUGH The celebrated elreetua HOOPING COUGH cure without interna medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sole holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDV.URDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria 6treet• OROUP London. ROCHE'S HER EMBROCATION.

PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL :PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION. A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR la. 6:9. CARRIAGE PAID.

15s. A_ SET OF TEETH. 15s. TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOO ffi COMPANY, 72, N. BEET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and, nanager Mr. e E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. S cretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON Evnity FRIDAY, 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE. 13, LEGH-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR. ORITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, Exactly opposite the Market. 4(1 I,..)YCLE 1-k_GE'NTS. Our llustrated Trade Ce.talegue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Fram2s, Wheels, Fittings Caps, Cones, Saddles, Lamps, ACCESSORIES 07 ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see THE RELIANCE CYCLE. Note—" Built of cur well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come t the Fountain Head, WELDLESS TUBB AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-STREET- -7,009 City Depot, 17, MAN'CHESTEC-STREET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE. LIVERPOOL_

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE Z. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELMSH-STREET, LIVERPOOL - (Opposite Central Station).

THE SENSATION OF '99. FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPULAR " BEE " £B 9 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., lA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and Press,lloplnlona

S.P.Q.R. S.P Q.R. S.P.Q R. SMALL PRICE I QUICK REMEDY For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion. EV BAIRD'S JDILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRICE is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 90. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists WARRINGTON : 35. : BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGO" STREET, Arin MARKET-GATE. STOCKPORT :-26. BRIDGE-oTREET BR W. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STREETO Eccr.r.s :-58, CHURCH-STltriftre. ST. HELENS :-6, ORMSKIRK-STREET. CHESTER :-26, EASIGATE ROW and 30, BASTGATIP' STREET.

Telephone No, 7056, Talephone No. 7056 EOLU S CYCLES. Before pm-chasing your Cycles. you will do well to inspect these FAMOUS MAIHINES whlch are unequalled in QUALITY and FINISH. Guaranteed Best English Manufacture Special Road Racer, £l2 10s. 'Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. The Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearings as applied to Cycles throughout the World. WORKS: SUMMER-LA E, BIRMING-HAM.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C., CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 23. 6. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY Sr., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTHPORT

2:2J)Jer Cent. OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TORPID LIVER WEAK KIDNEYS. WARNER'S "SAE" CURE

Regulates the T... I NT 4t el ievos an:l Ilomoves the Inflammation -from the I I) INO 1-E S by expelling tile poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACiD. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its Reputation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CossumpTiorr, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, sPAsms. &c. TOWLE'S CHLORO DYN E 13id. per Bottle. Rag A. P. TOWLE ANCOREITER.

HALF-YEARLY SALE. CLEARANCE OF SURPLUS .:STOCK. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, iLIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER CLEARING LOTS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. THE GOODS COMPRISE COSTUMES. MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACES. CURTAINS, HOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY. ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., 'LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

TAILOR AIADE COSTUMES 525. 6D.-TO MEASURE ONLY.-525. 6D NEWEST DESIGNS. STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED. SATCHELL'S, 481 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CHAS. W. BUTLIN & SON, PADGATE NURSERIES AND POULTRY-FARM Near Warrington. NURSERYMEN. FLORISTS lc SEEDS:SIEN. 10,000 BEDDING PLANII FOR SALE. MARKET: WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN, W IGAN. STOCKTON HEATH: MONDAY_ Inspection of Nurseries nvited

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

SPRING CLEANING. HAVE YOUR WINDOWS CLEANED AND OUT-BUILDINGS LIME WASHED OR „TARRED BY THE WARRINGTON WINDOW-CLEANING CO., 59, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WE UNDERTAKE ALL RISKS TRUSTWORTHYZMEN ONLY EMPLOYED. ESTIMA ELRim

SUMMER SALE OF SURPLUS STOCK AND SPECIAL PURCHASES. Ii ENRY MILES WILL OFFER. AT GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICES, ANOTHER LARGE PARCEL OF LADIES' SHIRTS, Bowtht from Leading London Warehousemen at Discounts' varying from 33. to 60 per cent. from cost prices. HUNDREDS OF LADIES' SHIRTS AT SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. i SALE PRICE b g e..../2D EACH. Ladies' Striped Crepon SHIRTS, with Self Cuffs and White Linen Stand-up Collars, various colonrs. This season's patterns. Usually Is Ilfd each: 1 SALE PR gICE 1S kJ2D EACH. Ladies' Superior Qaality Pique SHIRTS, in choice colourings, in light and dark stripes, with Cuffs and Linen Collars, also Striped Mercerised Cloth Shirts, all sizes; worth 2s 110 each. This season's patterns. 1 1 SALE PRICE IS. . 1 1_1213. EACH. Ladies' SHIRTS, in Transparent Muslin, Zephyr, French Cambric, Print, and Sateen, in stripes. spots, floral designs, plaids, checks, self-colours, and white. Tucked, embroidered on cloth, and others trimmed needlework ; superior in quality and perfect fit ing. with self or white linen collars and cuffs. This season's patterns, All sizes. Werth 33 11d. 1 1 1 SALE PRICE 25. 2D. EACH. High Class SHIRTS, in Tucked Mercerised Cloth- lined Surah Silk with lace fronts, moire silk mixture with tucaed fronts. Also Civics Goods in Zephyrs, French Cambries. Sateens, and Pique Cloth, trimmed various ways is endless variety of stripes. checks, plaids, spots, and floral designs, all with white or self •rollars and cuffs. This season's patterns. Worth 43 lid to 6s lid each. By Post THREEPENCE Extra, HENRY MILES'S, 31 6-) A AND CHURCH-STREETt (OPPOSITE PRO•CATHEDRAL), AND AT E D WARDS 'S 581 CHURCH ISTREET (TREE DOORS FR )3( lIINOVER-SIREET). LIVERPOOL.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL; £lO to £6,000 advanced upon personal security, Dee' Policies. Shares. U., at the following low rates : £lO repayable 6s. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s, Od. Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and spemr terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills disconstes• Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

A BICYCLE FOR LS. GREAT SUCCESS of our new CO-OPERATIVE COUPOS SYSTEM. Send us 2s. postal for Coupon, also etamPel directed envelope for full particulars and rules of our na^ system whereby you can obtain a Nigh Grade Lady or Gent Bicycle for the ridiculous sum of Es. No catchpenny but a genuine business transaction. THE SYREN CYCLE CO., 101, SMITH DOWN-ROAD, LIV!,:RPOOL.

OUR GAINLESS SAFETY Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILIUSTRA.TED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN% both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish. ba purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT JYCLE CO., LTD.. 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. LTV RR POOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs In CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER gARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

RAILWAY TIME TABLE AUGUST FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10. 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 11 35 125 , 2 55, 20, 3 35. 7 211 15. Sundays 10,15 a.m. filtoar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 9,36 2 5 85. a Stops if regimen. _ Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. b 3 23, 7 10, 9,50 120, a 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 15, aMondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529,545, 835, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50, 628 850. Sundays 843,60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 356 0. • Bolton-5 45, 8 25,9 19,10 40,12 14,12 25, 3 32, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15,8 28, p.m. aSaturday excepted. Oarlisle-2 37 a m,5 29,5 45.9 56 11 50. 12 25,1 55, 6 28. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 10, 828, 950. 10,20 a 2 58, 25, 7,23 11,34 12,0 Sundays 2 58, 10 15, 4, 5 aMondays exc-lated. Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7. 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 613,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10. 9 )0, 10 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 5 20, 6 22,7 23,11 34. Sundays 2 58,10 154 5 11 35.aMoud ays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 5 11,6 4, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 4 7 0, 6 15, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Earlestovi n-5 45, 7 5,8 6,8 25.9 25, 10 13,1020,11,0 127 12, 25 1 55, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5,15 6,20 6,33, 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,58 10,30 Sundays, 7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55 3,20 520,6 17,80. 948. Saud iys 3 43, 2 40, 8 0. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5 10 23. 12 25, 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. Ciarston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 9 5. 12 0 18, 2 15. 4 0 75,80. 59 40. dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. iSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 529, 9 ,11 50, 12 25. 1 55, o 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. olborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1. 55,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Rough Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 40, 60, 75, 80, 59 40, alt) 25. Sunday 90, 936 1 125,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 65, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 7 18, 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90 • 956, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 338. 4 11,5 18, 6 13, 18, a 7 45' 927. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, as 32, 75, 8 5, 8 35 3 25, 11 0, 12 7, 1225, 5.15 5 20, 78, 740, 1030. Sunday 35, 5 1(:), 5 30, 8 35, 643, 3 28. 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 33, 815, 10 9 1153, 1 55, 3 20,5 20,6 17,8 0, 9 15. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 24, 12 0, 13, 1 8,2 15. 3 37, 4 0. 5 55, 75,80, 59a40 10 25 11 15 1139. Sundays 90, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10, 9 18 10 18,10 4,3 aSaturdays only. bexcept Saturdays. London kl 4. &N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5 5 20, 622, 11 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,bMondays excepted. aMondays only. Loudon (Midlaud)-5 5, 8 46, 9 58, 12 65, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Sundays 11 35 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm--5 20, 7 22,8 0,8 3. 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14,2 43 3 33, 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78. a 745. 927. Sundays 850, 38 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30,8 57,9 55, 10 46, 1 11.2 383 35, 4 9,6 10, 7 5,9 25.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, 11 40. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 620 7 22, 80, 835. 9 0, 9 58. 1049, 1 14. 2 4.',3 38, 4 11,6 13. 7 8, 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 8 12. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10 55 11 6, 11 23,11 55,12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 65. 4 55, 5 55, 655 71c, 7 55, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, 955, Sundays 3 56. 9 37,10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 1 18,8 65 9 25 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 1020. 2 558, 5 355.7 20.bSaturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 Newton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 1225, 520, 7 40 9 20, 9 50, 10 30. SundaysB 43, a.m.s' 0,9 54. Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 40,10 28, 11,6 12 0 12 20,1 44,2 40 3 55.528,7 10,8 12,9 15. Sundays 856,10 14, 347, 5 15,9 35 Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 50, 12 25,1 55, 350 450. 628, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 335 8 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 33.8 25,9 45, 11 53,1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 617 80. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5,12 0 1 8 2 15, 258. 40,5 29, 60, 75, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40, 510 85, Sundays 90, 11 25. 2 39. 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted OFiaturdays only. cMondays only. (0.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 12 55, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 la, St.lielens-5 32 75, 8 5,835,9 25, 10 10, 11 0,11 55, 12 7, 1225, 2 35 3 40,6 20,6 33,7 8, Satur. ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2. 114 3 19, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur ays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 43, 38, 411, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45,9 27. Sundays, 8 50. 3 8, 812. tt Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 9 5 lb 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,75, 80. 9 25, a 9 40, blO 25. Sun- days 9 0,9 36, 2 39. 18, aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays Widnes ( L. andN.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848,240,80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 53, 12 25,1 55 3, 3-60, 4 50, 520. 628, 7 17,8 50.9 40,9 5 6 undAy, 2 37 843, 3 35. 6 0. 954. TO WARRING-TON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 11 2, 12 0, 3 25, 4 45, 7 20, Sundays 755, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays a 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 5 50, 7 20, 9 10, 12 25. 2 0, 650 7 25.iSundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 742. 8 50, 11 48, 1-25, 2 45, 545, 6 50. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0. 11 19. Nix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 347, 5 27,750 Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8,'.8 5,8 45, 951, 10 35. 11 40, 1 40. 3 15, 4,27 .623. 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 135 12, 7 35 Blackpool (Central) -65, 725,7 55, 8 25. 8 55, 10 10, 10 2 11 25,1 5.2 5,255,4 10,4 58, 55, 6 50. 815, 108 Sundays 710 3.15, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 46, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40. 10 25, 12 30, 2 15.4 15, 5 10, 4 55.7 15, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 28 a.m., 65, 925 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-a125, 6 40, 8 30, 9 50. 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 6 55, 8 42. Sundays 126 a.m., 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 17, 6 50, 8 45. 10 10, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 4 50, 6 5, 7 30, 11 5. Sundays 217, 935, 755, 115, Collins Green-6 39, 79. 842, 10 24.7,15 11 24. 12.33 18, 1 43,2 10, 310, 4,6, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sundays 7 15, 8 lA:a.m. orewe- 2 1.4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 225, 2! 35, • 415. 545 640. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455. 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20, 2 1.4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47. 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 721, a.m, 7 45 p.m. Derby-7,10, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 a 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 35. alixcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25, 124,3.1 6, 112, 147, 213,3 11. 3 14. 515, 542. 5 52, 6 30, 7 33, 8 8 9 10, 9 20, 12 0, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 3 45. 724. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 1224, 29, 327, 67, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2, 257. 52. Frodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 2 31. 4 11, 536,657,831 Sundays 6 56.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cbeslaire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 120, 1256. 211, 35, 4 56. 69. 558, 6b7, 124 930 Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow -a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 550,95, :Mon day escepted. tiolborne-6 44. 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15. 10 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Mough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 1055. 1.17 150, 2.22 .3 19. 5 10, 623, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 918. BundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 65.9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, _ 65, 8 50, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 6 53, 8 40, 10 0. Latchford-8 14, 840. 934. 102. 11 17, 120. a 1 45, 913 0,4 22, 55 41, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9, 42,11 27. Sundays 823 2,33.7 23. aSaturdays only. bbaturdays excepted. )6 Liyerpool(via Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 16. 1 30, 6 20, 4 25, 450,5 .35.7 5. 8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 40 aMondays only. Via Widnes - 6 20 7 10, 7 40, 8 33, 9 33, 10 20, 10 33, 11 50 12 48, 1 55, 2 35, 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 665 T 5, 8 0 8 40, 11 0 a Saturdays excepted Sundays BU. 9 0 2 30. 2 50, 4 20. 630 8 33. London (L & N W)-10 0, 12 0. 515 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215, 415. 530 Sundays 100, 120, ls 0, 5 30, 10 0, 10 12. London (Midland)-5 15, 90 10 5,12 0, 0 0, 5 ,a 9 16, ).20, b 11.11.8 ya 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 932, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, a 137, 25, 2 50. 414,55 33, 519,641 7 41,8 58 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manohester (L 1 N.-W.)- 7 28, 7 55, 9 28, 10 38, 12 38' 25, 3 43,a5 8,523, 6 8, 7 10, 9 0, 10 53. Sundays, 7 341 44,634 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (London-road)-? 25. 7 to, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2 C, 3 40, bE. 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2,0 1 40, 630 boaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 80, 8 30, a 9 5, 930 9 35.1030, 10 35, 11 30, 1230,12 45. 1 3), 2 30, 30, 4 30,4 4 48 5 30,8 30,6 38,7130, 8 30, 8 33, 9 55. 10 0, al() 30, 11 0. Sun days 8 30,9,10, 9.7.5 9 30, 1040. 6.2.0 a 5, 35, 820, 9 40, Saturdays.only. Middlewich-6 48, 2 42,16 6. Moore-6 56.9 6. 11 14,12 14,3 40,510,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 newton-9 47, 725, 8 42, 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, 1 55. 3.234 58, 5 49, 6 27,7 30. 80, 910, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 11 5, Sundays 8 30, 9 18, 9 57. Padgate 7 48, 8 26, 9 0.10 6 19. 2 10, 3 12, 5 18 7 3,9 19. Sundays 8 53, 11 20,.2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,a6 25, 8 15. 95, 9 3010, 10,11 28, 12 15 1 20 3 0, 3 55, 425,5 38, 6 40., 6 45,7 27,8 30, 9 45, 11 0. Sundays 29 4 5,8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. aMondays excepted. Runcorn 839, 9 19 10 15. 12 30. 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 30, a 10. Bankey-6 53. 7 66, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 2 40. 3 44. 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 34. Sundays, 849, 10 8 340,57, 928. Sheffield-8 25, 115, 1 55, 55,7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. t..t Helens-6 20,6 65, 8 13, 8 28, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 12 11 20. 1 25, 2 45, 4 30, b 50, 8 2). Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 6, 10 10,11 15,12 50,2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 9.5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Tbelwall-8 10, 8 36, 930. 9 58, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18. 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45, 937, 1123. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 25, 2 30, 3 25. 4 25, 5 296 12, 7 16. 7 58, 9 25 11 42, aSun ays 8 42, 3 33, 50, 9 Li. 9 20. a Saturdays only , Widnes (L W)-7 8 56, 9 33. 10 33, 1216, 69, 22, 2 353, 5, 05 5, 6 46 ,11 6, Sundays 314, 1250, 754 1 6.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wsst of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford;Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S ..,-;11 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Nlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS

POSTAL INFORMATION l'On OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can b po., ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. a. m.—Newton-le-Willows a m.—Wigan a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsharn, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch Grappenhall. Hettlev Heath, Croft, Pad gate- Stockton Heath, tretton, Warburton, and Wools to 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, idacclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Preseot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor:humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londou. S.-Eastern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Ohester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol. Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester 13-East Lancashire. and 'Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, Nantwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-1e- Willows , Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 6-45 p.m.—Mauchester. Peterborough, East ;Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and toe U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All. Parts-10-45, extra Halipenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign a..etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON HEAD OFFICE ..• High-9f Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jatnes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The TelenTaph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST..., Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with ordin- ary Postage, and with an _extra halfpenny stamp. Ordinary MAILS. Extra Postage. d. Stamp

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey orw hite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charminglV beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d per bottle. Advt• CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . EstaLlished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or rent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland CountlQs Drug Company. Lincoln. - Advt FLORILINE S—FOR Tin.: TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly oleeesEs the teeth from all parasites or impurities,, harden the gums, previ, nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is, per jar for the Florilins "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— dvt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's '• STARCH GLOSS ' isuncqualled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling Nater starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—My wife will not finish our linen without your •1 Starch Gloss. From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d. and fid by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- ure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn, Preprietor.—Advt.

- _,•. ....4.4. , ....-, • ........,,-,-0...„,-,_ ,-;..3,L.."-' ~-• • •-;f';':,:-..4'.'::,./,'.;-' ''s?ll,tr t - .-t'".11.:7,c,', ?:',-:-.;-,`_t-7(e'''..k._. i .;.;;3,ri;.-7,;-::: :::`..,'';'..t::::;,,,..v.,;;-;..7...k:'_-z:,-•`;:!Al.'''.-lieft,,`,;( -at -..r'''?;-:.. 0,.."':%4 ."."' '•-•V'.',--,...)(,,,V''' , :`" 'A--, i: ' .14.: 6.'tZzt.f.:tse4Z'i'4.";:l.f.;-::'.:;.',;.'";:i..:i"--t&v::,---1-..,'44i'V'*!i, - - -`,, "7,..c4.t-, _. , --, , --s•t ' .„..t.— • : : • ~, - - t.,.%.,....,-.5.4.-4,. z.„,,, t.,,:.. `.....1t,41cf.,.-74,'4 2.25, • --1-• ._1,3fri.Tr....itin.,..:,,:,44a,i,-",-. ~-.,;z4i0,-,1...,,4,&;: ~--,.?:,i-iii,-.- 4, t:,:',.;,,,i:Yan..,-',. --4044;,--1,14-if.i,.- , yy, ,44,:vpdr-,0 --.**,4,,,....,i..- : ~,,.,-, .1.,:,- I ;F., ~,---;,- - ~,- '-, -; . _ 4,1,...,0 ~.:"., .0 ~, ~.. ... -.. ;ii?.!./.';..- .'.., ~), -4.• .: # •,,X;:. ..... . •-, ..=,.. :, -r. 4 ` -- ' ''' r 4. 7 ,t,, ~- •; - = ),--- ~.. . _-..- .-, , •,,,,...., ']_z '." IT! ‘Nt.-- r.:e ,- ~ - '''' ''',. ~ •••• - - , . '-,'.V.= . ' ; ' - .:' ' i.' , . !,..-4 ''; -. .''ll. , ~..,,-4 4.,,t.. ~''.....:-,:-`,. .44,,,.%,...,-,..;._ '' '''' '''''''l4''''.l4. *':'F.i..l';'''S'Ag.;'. ' .'l•''''';'"'"f - .:A.A *A::: Z :'' ' '''‘'-','*....,---- ~;.,1i,. 4,g,6,., • , st,,-.. ;4-1.1,--w"'?,-,...- . ~,.;,,it - •- • -- .. .....-,-: ~,., .: '.-.-D- ..,,,, -4, •,. „ - ,t...-,%.9.t.. 4,- -..,04.,e,.. ;pp- ...,,....-.. • I.4wt,'^‘,.', ... :s,-. . 14,:' .' 1 .`".., ..,- , -1. 4 ~:,71,- + • . •z• , -;, ~'-,,,VlPk` ...,15.1. :', ":4,4,.,,Vr.K. Itt. ~,,.:: -,,;:tti,4,-,;:fti:;="t4.;,,, • _,,i- ; - ,',:i. ./*;,. e..". ~.‘,..-..e:..,-.--,-,-,40 ' '..‘,„-,,,4).F.:.,i. „lit, ~i,„,..wf -,>:.:-.1,._ .-,,,7L' ~,..,--,+4,..: ..'-k-',..,.„-,,,,,,.. : -4, • - ..,4-5'..,.t;-4.t.:v4. --=;;.---2_,_•--A-----.:-;--, —-3 n --; ~,,:i+,.,;_,„..,a7a4 4.• -.ti,i.f , I ':_. ''-- _2 ' ..1..k.--__---- - •'-7", . i.'',. -'-'''-.:.•;:' :-1..); 74`.'-.WI. -,--A !... t .'Thl-,, `:, .7%6;....!'. '-'-' ' - - —'' ' - -'— . .- ' :( ~ *:t': : ', ..4'"i'0,41...f-404.V.°:0-,ii'kc:,.tr4i,*; ".,,..'.1x,_,_‘,....-. Fe. ift- 14,_-,5t4n4.-•:,-;., -1,7 AY SPECIAL WARRANT -....v•;t:- 4.7 t ..4-;:',10?.,i,fe.......,i‘.:;4-4i. ......,,,,,-:-.,-,, .- --.a.,-4,.......,, MANUFACTURERS TO THE QUEEN -,.11..,,,,-, i',z,,,...-- -13..: ,-,..-:44,:........ 0-- • • ,•,: WI .. ZLAlKtrf.t.:-.-4-....N.:-..4., ~ .. '..:!•/o.''''ak: 4' ,ilir' '.`3°',':ftl: -- ' ' g ...!,,,,,.,..);*.v.,..r.)p. .. te1tr.,,,,,- .4r-0,.....,...4.-4.4.. -:-.-41 I 1- - r.-6,-,' -- _.-,-14,„ --:-.--' 4,4' de i (1- .:4')..ii?-:,,-,0*.-6--4-fiff,;*:" , z;#4,'•••-_*.?,,_•-;., •,:-.;._.„01,.., Iz. ].-- ~. ,_ _, z i --„ :',;41111p, ,0',,i.14.,, .- , iii-t-,‘ .yi•itiTlis!t- - 44/CA77A ‘ -1 , ...' ' ." 'ffll - : .‘ Es "1rik1.47,7: ''."",......, . ~,'! #.4 terA,..,,,„,-.-,,,i,;•.:vv.14.-f.:%:.•,, ;fty,,,,t-N.. - .-.,-.-_- - _ - k ~..t4 a - ---- .7 :';',r.'.. -',r-' •`.1,,..? '-, :::::,:,..g;•'.'''..i..... .1 ~-,,,i';41.-•,-.;,_ii•.;.?•,..-:::..-;_i,„4.4„'6.1?. -••••-• • .-.- '-':X7rt'-''7ltlt:, 4. ..- -*!..tor''`;',;4; • '!'''';'. '''' '''l 14414„NkliF4elek. -:W.''-! M'-.' r!", ...!*.4; T,'?„5.1"--', ,"lul-,;,*':..i:;;-, -..V4:'...:::!-:'..V. t., : ,±:-. - 4', ii; _.. ...,...;.1 yt:7..-Y-...,K-,... : ~,,.. .. .4..,...A • ..! . - !AI iciti, 1... ~ - -•,,w,..4*.e.", , - 741i.,74.A" Vr , i•-t • ~.,:6-:'. .-_- "gill* ,4„:_leW , ~,,Ajp;,- _Ar...:,;,.. 2, . :-Vik,•=l.44l:frii'S;',Ar.:l...o... .:::-:-- ..4: `... • . .....s,• 'it' t'..' i ....,,--e' ,_‘-f-e,, I.l?.;*tri.::,#:: * :";*---‘..i '')44,--.• •'L ";,',Y-V 11 ,r 1 4?"7 43 A:".4..',1--'Ff`?"-::'•'._ ~,i .541,:a.,..-:k., _,,.,, ur.„ 40 '..'.5'?-` ,&.--ir.,--..,....A,W - A‘T-xst.=l.4:,#. . '''''4o•4, .-.' emu's -'-: .+-:::,--.4.‘ ,-:,;:. .3 .'4. 1.,,,;.;n7•."4-,',...i:.;5.54.4. ,J alr:v4, .0, ..dihr.),•? .4 ~!..'4.1.,.. -- ',,i-,:r,.. -4,-...i.,:j1.-,44, _ - 1,1, - ••••.* ,-.. A.... •_ ,„ #3,- ..-,,,,, -,-,i, - , .---- . 0rt...c.„. _, :I.:- . • ~. 11 -' 3..:'''.1,, :=.:--1- 1 :-",i' ..,e, 'id.' W,10: or:-:•*. 4:1:',,,3-..t::"l?l'iltiri'll'? 1 ‘;,'. •:* ' ''''.l,4t-4-1'; PP.:' 5e,,,1VP?,:).;,.,:4-;':';:.'."1-,... l'-` ~..' .1,';;;;•.-,, -:- ;;;-,‹ )Vtiii'v‘il ' iriel- - i,:it'4,..*-0i- . - r'i "I-4 !'' x- ~,:,,4-.--'-r''.----- . _ - -y,.. .--:-= -----7 :.-,,y' :111...el,:tYtteP.'h.t.10*-;': '''-:•--t ; -- _ ,i---1-.4.. _ . ,i 1 .i.44:':- '• 2 ' '- ' -- -- <.`. - _ -,.., _, . ... ...°•,,ltirdl,l", ri'.,',1::4*,,f5;;.:...q6. II --. ft- -, . ;s•'',:it'l;-1' J ... ifte,4%:o:;:•., '• r:' .1- c-P- -'..--,t; ' --'-'•,-. .''' 4010L5.1,1l1; '',::,'';:?.3-.::::•,:•,',;;;',;,::::::;7::';::', =1.,•..--74; 31. e ;. ~t., . --4,-. .. , . . . v 'Lip .<4.;:-;.:::::-:,:....::.:,4.;;-;:4::•1 ~,,,,t4 ,--;;;.:::-_, ',DOUBLE. SUPERFINE - FA11.t.... .:•::.,z-;,.‘:•:::• ,1:4:), ,;,..,- „.: ~, Z51:1.4-,,, ' ,---:'`...,,,,-. : • -:.:-. ......•- .. '. . :...:. ~' - : :-. :../j.:"::•;::: ':'" 5............. . gar....m. ;'''.1?..LV,....,,,.17,f{=5,'''''''.....,0•:::::•;•••" -- '''''...,.?;,‘,.'. ' - :•••., • •,:••••• '7•••••f7,/ *:,,,,,,,,,.. .....•.;;,,:;;;;.4-..g.:., .._ ... , A - • . - -.... ,--,;6;;;•",•;;•,4•;.,/,4••:,:••;',/,'4.:0'•'}:\ 4......,:••:••. - :;'''''''''l.. ;41;'"'"''''......i:::1.4...0%. 's '....:::' •'' 2.i.... •'.l,is., *•,,,f•:'.-,;•;<1.-.:. :"•'•:.•:Zii:•%4,Fk• ,‘....,:i•1t:::y "'44•4•,':::':1";;';',..,:•:::::', . V.:47,:',....12.:, "'7 ;•,.,,-' ' A , 40; ',:-,2-:': ..--,',--,:,.•:;:i.5';:.•,1•;,,.:;:.'..::::..i.:5;V:i.: ~:•:•i!'?:,'i.;::::•:::;:7.1.1..;"*..e.'.;,c4,'1g:::.::.:1,N4441;:,:.?4',,•;,:4%.?;:;•:.5i:?::'b: ://..',5,..:',•;;;;:.7.....,:fi1idiii.,:iii. ~ cl, ii.:"...;:-.....;!..1. ...k;..:ii::',4:.G.C.05(0::,,A%,1gi:40* ' '.g.t.:;:::*`,4l/41ht .91,--,,- .t.,,i.';,'1 , 1f.., ?•'.:,' --.-- -- - - . l .l .;.,',:;* •::%.. .4:s, ijkl:,go:l4e4) ' a ~...",414',/iii• (/),:;-- - ...,-fi: */*?? ,- : ''::';7:!-::•:-.:.;%:..::::'' .44.:.:::',‘§:::: .iiii;iii.:., <...f - , a', ./.,;,-4.,' • ' "a, , .....', '.,._- , ''. - -,' -f.- ..,,,,,,. !. y ',A, • , ,/,',..*:' ~.• • , ~•"*.....0,' 4,••,,44`2,,,,..3, ' ' ... /46 ..01,21/ // ~ / • >A, 4,r -• _ _...... / 1-, ,- • .- -' ' , -',..-* . '''' '.i''' .f.:.i. -, ; r'f' ",',,,W.,'•Zek-k. ,-',7,?. •...--...,./4. > ~.,,.1.; ,-_,4-011., , •,,„••,';.', 4 „...:-- ... ~.'. ; , '- ~ .. . ~. ~ .",-.74-,,.-.,_.,,-,-,c:,-; ..4;:•'....,5-.., ...7. ;,., ~-,-....,-,5..: .?„...e,,,,,.-.44,.',..,..,,-:•_-i;;.5,:?./P',..- -.`,...r.N*.-----'''.' -','..•'.4.`ii.', , . . , • 1 .. . if Tog -west -to pareliase it Tin at COLIVIAN'S best MUSTARDeselnake Tief any ety Tin hename ' r't coutwasT andstbeetTl.VSllEAD are 4:tnlkelabfaAAccePt on 111) Pmten witatee, , - „does.mtheiiiithesiastipetiveldarks• D.S.I Mosible SaPernll44stbraame 44 the hest quality. wbl c ltil _ ~

BENSON'SoteIfATICHES BEST YALUE in THE MARKET, AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. In Silver Cases. • ,s'2.' 41V vik - t 1,-, Just the Watch for British (illtiiikiA Nj s Working Men. The MARVEL of the 20th CENTURY. c --- ,-. • . ,ii-ENSON'S ,- ~ ENCLISIN LE'VER. 2`, : 44....„ - .. ....... ~, g London. 1001 '',,.1? WE wish the public to buy a Good LONDON- , l' t MADE ENGLISH LEVER, instead . , of common country-made English, Swiss, or t k=t . AZ .i. American work, and are sure they will find it 100. much cheaper in the long run, hence our intro- duction of this Watch for those who do not wish I. to spend more than £3 10s. ..it ,"- • The movement is i .plate of our best London '' - • 'aj - ' _./ make, Jewelled in 7 actions. In Massive Sterling /7 _ Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, £3 10s. Sent free and safe at our risk, to all parts of the World for cash, or P. 0.0. , BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, &a., &o. Post free on application. ~..,,„a,...: __=_, _ln Silver. Csa.isis.vee . A, 9 BENSON S , _____,,....p.: _ ~,,44:4„ *.;. e,.l'. LEVER WATCHES 34 , 4,..,, or • can only be excelled by the New English Lever described ,-, \ , sold atathb°evePrice.A , , J W 2U45014. __,..... \ /(<4. sound Watch at a very low price. In Sterling , Crystal Glass Cases. price £2. Unequalled by any other Watch es ler. etions of Watches or Jewellery sent free on receipt of reference. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent free by post at our risk to all .: I'. ‘ . ,_, t, parts of the World or Cash for Post Office Order. ' : aal fi Al Wil BENSON Ltd. ' / ,7. , - , : ____.; -; ' H.M. THE QUEEN'S WATCHMAKERS, P f7'' ''-'1 62 & 64, LUDGAT HILL, ON ',........,..., i i THE STEAM FACTOLRY— \'` / I zi.,"*.-!tDON. -....,,-... -.4i CLOCKS for Presentation Church, School, and Public nuildings. ~.4., PARTIOTJLIRS POST FREE.

Fisheries, and Mersey and Irwell (Rivers Pollution Pre Tendon). RIVERS POLLUTION. The County Council have concurrent powers within the borough under the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876. The County Council also claim to have concurrent authority under the We'ghts and Measures Act, the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, and under the Act of 1888 with respect to the duties of their Medical Officer of Health. None of such powers can be exercised in a County Borough, aud speaking generally, without considering the prestige and impor'ance of county over a ncn- county blrouz,h, there is no doubt that the former pos- sesses complete independerre and autonomy. • QUOITS. BLACK BEAR v. CHESHIRE CHEESE, LATCHFORD. The first game in a home-and-home match between the above clubs was played on the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted as follows : BLACK BEAR. CHESHIRE CREESR. W Boardman F Daniell, ll Braban 8 T Nixon ll T Newton lO T Boardman ll 3 Caldwell T Williams W Pinningtln ll G Williams. F Knight Jos Taylor TIAN, (oapt)... ...... ...... 11 T Connor 2 J Bradshaw B Price 0 3 Smith 5 11 Looker J Taylor 125 80

)0 Nothing steadies the nerves i and clears the brain like a 0 strong cup of SYMINGTOI4'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In 0 a bottles from all Grocers. 82 0

, - Pits , . ~ • E's PENNYROYAL I T OWL Li 12 & STEEL,? 'r OR rE.mr. L. r. 11. , : I • OVICICIT voEnzor ALL LtutrouLAßlTrEs, REMOVE ALL oasTaucitoxs, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/1 & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywheze on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co., lilwiniacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Dewar., af Imitzlions. injurious and woriv",

--- TENTS I ' GOVERNMENT BELL TENTS I I Originally 1 cost £l3: offered at 255. each ;ar selected at 324. each 45ft T __ ao7o;flhtryocri been It highm er time ncHaveyde ENT H.M. Govern- ment; euitable for Camping oat, Gardens Cricket grounds Tennis Lawns, ac. Gomplete with pole, peg, lines, mallet awl tent bag. Two supplied to Buckingham Palace. Apply ANDREW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Cat tlegues and Estimates free on application.

COMMERCIAL AND ARTISTIC PRINTING. PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACI URERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG II ti wounds that discharge or otherwise, perha surrounded with inflamrnati °nand swollen, that whe you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im oression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the dis•?ase if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hr.ve Ps.tended various hospitals and had medical advice, an i oeeu told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CUBE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order tor 23. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT. 73, FARRINGDON-BTBLET Lorrnox, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILI-q which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Hodge- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pois32e3 Hands, Bunions. (Registered Copylight.)

9 ei 4-A 23 ' W***lN Co Wtf4o f.;* •• • %. • •*".1.2,-=2) lfilk•o"F—I, ;1 P: (GllOl5 4:4? CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC N RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It iiottens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, of all Chemists. M . BEETHAM &ISO% Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

§............imr.... ~-_---„ ~... - JUNO •. ~ • CYCLES - ;(43\ 1%,1ir For Ladles and iedii, ,' ' Gentlemen '•7-7iii:oesvt "Y btestY'll '' .-.,...,,,) c posT- 48 ` - arrim.v.t... .„_31.,., Zeno No. 4, 4110 101. 17/6 monthly. ( '."----**) £lO 0 16S Monthly SW 10 17/6 do. ti 2 12 21, do. Metropolitan Machinists' Co.. Ltd., Writeafnodr sAecir lcesessoriomn:s.Lentstt }co% .It urreno.C. do. ycles al ..) 207. Sl4 14 24,6 75. IlLshopegate St., Without, S.C.. and £l6 15 t.Y3 do. ./ PlomAdly Circus, London, W. do , Type Writers, 4119 ile. 15,g nonthly. •

0 L , ,• . k„,,,f • i s ~ • . Ire 't - (AZ and itentoas DisodersD SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, Sze. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufacturei only at 75, Now Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

,:----N ..14. ...; ?. ......, ~.. .::,.. ,:t: ...,,... ~ ~, I ~._ ii . • ' '-r- ,--.. ii ... _ . zt -,,.:, -, - •, 't 4-- *, ..- -;. °.• "*?: ...,. . . ya- v.-.....,,,,A„ 7 :..- • Ai ~:t -z.: '''''-i,-: 4...; .: • !:.;' ~..zill - ,), ~,,, • .i. .;,,, i.,: ~.:. 7, ."..r • t i,s ,:- ~i 4. '.' , • --',.: ,--, .-• ' FOR 7."1-3E 1E S WEN. INVALUABLE DURING THE HEAT AND DUST OF SUMMER. It cools and refreshes the face and hands, removes Sunburn, Tan, Freckles, Redness, Roughness, heals Irritation and Eruptions, imparts a :uxuriant beauty to the complexion, and arrays the neck, face and arms in matchless whiteness, unobtainable by any other means: Bottles, 2S. 3d. an(' 43. 6d. ROW AND'S MACASSAR OIL prevents the hair falling off or becoming dry in hot weather, cures baldness, eradicates scurf; also in golden colour for fair and golden hair: Sizes, 35. 6d., 75., los. 6d. ROWLAND'S ODONTO imparts a pearl-like whiteness to the teeth, eradicates decay, and preserves the teeth. Sold by Stores, Chemists, Hair- dressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London.

I nor" I DIS- -22 FOR r TOOTHACHE AND a:nom NEURALGIA CUBE. bo Poett tte Bp, rie se. , o from f all Chemists Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S., R.C.S. Lon.lon, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 5 Jymour-street, Liverpool.

THE GREAT REMEDY. roljAl 'NGOUT PILLS FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The Excruciating Plinlis quickly relleN ed. Sure, safe and eetual. All 3 Cht.rriets, end Stores at is. PA. and 2s. 9cl er box.

DOUDLE YOUR INCOME by soiling EXTRA ICE CREAM. The most profitable article on the market. If you now sell "Ice Cream, our Recipe will doable your takings. If you do not sell "ice Cream" you miss some very large profits. A very zonall out!ay would be required to commence in this most pr.,titable business. We oiler you the very best Recipe in the Kingdom for making Extra lee Cream. The most delicious Ice imaginable, All instructions to purchasers a Recipe free. For iurther particulars apply to-- J. MACKINTOSH. 8, Park Terrace. HALIFAX. (Please mention this paper.)

THE FAMOUS L. AND T. TAWNY FLAKE .roBACCI). Taff, B%SrErEST AND COOLEST s)u)Ka' ON EARTH IN lclz. AND 2oz. FOILS 4d PER oz TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BESWICK. 58, HORSEMARRET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NEWS. THROWING A MISSIVE TO THE QUEEN. A FOREIGNER'S MISTAKE . The Queen was approaching the gates of the palace at Osborne on Wednesday on returning from her evening drive, when a respectively-Aress-d man standing at the side of the roadway threw a letter into the carriage as it passed. Her Majesty, with whom was riding one of the ladies of the Court, seemed surprised but betrayed no alarm. Th 3 envelope, a small one, on being opened, was found to contain a request that the Queen would use her influence to secure for the writer a new trial of a case which he recently lost in the Eaglish Law Court:, Supt. Fraser,of the Royal Household Police, and a mem- ber of tt-e Scotland Yard Detective Force, quickly went in search of the man and found him in the neignbeur- hood of Osborne at a house where he had lodged Vale previous night. He was wearing a silk bat and frock coat at the time he threw the lEtter into the carriage, and there appeared no reason to regard him with sus- picion. He was found upon inquiry to be a German, who lives in Landen. He states that he did nut know he was breaking the law, as on the Continent it is com- mon to tarow MiS3iVOS into Royal carriages. He gave a correct name and'address, and after inquiries were made, which proved satisfactory, he was liberated. Considerable alarm was caused at first by an exag- gerated rumour that the envelope contained an explo dive substance, a rumour which happily proved to be without foundation. THE PLA.GUE.—FRESa CASES. OPORTO, THURSDAY. There were three fresh Cases of plague here yestordoy and two deaths.

Che "OKaintner " Otries OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and MI -Cheshire Examiner, pub .L 'tiled every Saturday morning. THE Barlestown and Newton .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday _L. afternoon. rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- -1 day morning, and 'THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday _1 morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. led. 3s. Od. 36 ll. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 6s. Oa. 64 is. 6d. 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. fifo advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices. ro may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. &amp received for amounts under 6s. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise sent specified below, and are strictly confined to those which arc, ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and ram, FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will tie charged by the Business scale : APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues, Conditions of Sale. • Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls. &e. ; Ruins for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Boeks,Note Headings,Memorandums,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Mourning Cards, Handbills, AC. Solicitors, Merchrints, Manufactures .Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial. ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CORRECTLY, AND ECONOMICALLY THE _EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a la ge agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton, Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire cosi field. THE St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. Ac. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn-. ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Peiclws Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Publio Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted In all the above papers at one charge. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVR EXAMINE lid. WANTEDS, TO BE LISTS 18 WORDS, OD., ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words.- One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. 51. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. 8d 6s. Gd. Advertisers of Situations Wanted,Situations Vacant.Apart- ' ments Wanted. Apaqinents to be Let, Partnerships Wanted, Money Wanted. Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract, Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Premises to be Let r Sold, ha r e thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE.

F OR F IRST-CLASS PRIVATN DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments uunecessary, but may be arranged. TEEM. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informr ebrjozhand the cost of TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER 46, MOSLEY-STKEBT (Telephone 1680). LIVERPOOL .5, BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. B RIDGE-STREET IUtSDAY. 2 p.m. WARRINGTON ....... SANKEY-STREET WEDNESD IY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN 3l, BRIDGE-STREET, THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH , APPLE A lIKET-STRBET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. AMSON—COUSANS —August 13th, at the Parish Church, War- rington, by the Rev. U. W. Dickinson, John Amson, Annie Cousans. BROOKES—STOCKWELL—August 15th at the Parish Churebe Warrington,by the Rev a F White, Thomas Albert Brocke" to (leoi gina Stockwell. DEATHS. CAULTON—August 11th, at Winwick-road, Thomas Caultes, aged 48 years. WORL.:Y—Auguat 13th.- at Lilford-street Warrington. Wall Worley, aged 41 ye trs. BALL—August 14th, at Monk-street, Warrington, Ball aged Si years, lea STOREY—August 14th, at Enville-street, WaTrington. Ul Storey, aged 57 years. tog, DUNN—August 13th. at Fairclough's Avenue, Warring Annie Fletcher Dunn, aged 35 years. vartiA VALE —August 16th, at.Bostock-street, Warrington. Vale, aged 54 years. IN MEMORIAM. wool In sad but loving memory of my dear busband. oat Warburton, who died August 18th, 1897, aged 48 Yeariug.. 10, Monks-street. and was pioneer Sergeant of the Warr_ gl ton Volunteers and belonged to the Volunteers for over years. Deeply missed •

RlAltaillth EN. Warrington, oo,usite ArineY drAltwn Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Ilesenhign's-) S. T. W ARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, AtARBLE MASONS, &Co t. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces. Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Marble, and and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTEROUTTING, A.ND CLEANINGF RXISTING MONUMENTS it SPHCIALITY. Wsrrington.—Printed and published by—jonx—W Co., at The Evaininer Generiti Printing Works. 1101;17,0 street, and published by them at the same place an" n or' at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, WIDNES; 4.0-4 e c tstreet, Si. HELENS, and 3, llarket•street. BARLEsTOWZ_., ihe County of Lancastet and also at High-street, Rnac a" n the County 01 Chester.—AUGUST 25. 18E9,
