===== 0002601_18991110_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRIOR 1 QUICK REMEDY ! For 540 k Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion.

BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS.

Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. Whtn in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PitICN is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 9id. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON :-- 35. BRIDGIC-STREHT, 5, BRID4B- STREW, AND MARKICT-GATE. STOCKPORT :-26, BitIDGH-oTREET BROW. ALTRINCHAM :-37, RAILWAY-STERNE HCCLES :-58, CHURCK-STEne,... ST HELENS :-6, OR YISKIEK-STRLET. CHESTER 28, EASTGATE EOW and 30, EASTGATE- WSW=

===== 0002601_18991110_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. £ s. d. His Worship the Mayor 5 0 0 Henry Thornton and Sons lO5 0 0 Greenall, Whitley and 00 . Ltd. lOO 0 6 N. Greening and Sons, Ltd 52 10 0 The Whitecross Co., Ltd 5O 0 0 Armitage and Rigby, Ltd. William Sloane, Managing D,rector of Mersey White Lead Co,. Ltd. A H Crosfield 2O 0 0 Colonel and Mrs Spratt l5 0 0 Corporation Office Staff Robert Davies Edward Kirkconnel lO 0 0 F Monks John Croafield John Coxou Haydock-street Tanning Company 5 5 0 Henry Milling and Co., Ltd. James Bellian and Sons 5 5 0 Mrs Beamont 5 0 0 Lieutenant-Colonel 3 Clare Ridgway 5 0 0 Mrs Crostield George R Crosfield 5 e 0 13 M Crosfield A Friend R A Naylor 5 0 0 Dr. White William Owen Warrington Slate Co., Ltd. H B White and Sons 5 0 0 Proprietors of Royal Court Theatre and J A Atkin, (Span of Life Co.) Councillor James Smethurst • 3 3 0 Robert Garnett Rev F W Willis 3 3 0 William Bennett Captain Ecielsten John Geddes William Bellian 3 0 0 Thomas Woods ...••• 3 0 0 Staff of G and J Greenall Ltd, Alderman T Hutchinson 2 2 0 Councillor G Plumpton 2 2 0 J Lyon Whittle The Misses Greening Dr Adams Mrs 0 Broadbent E Richardson and Sons Miss Crosfield Rev James Davies N.C.O.s Bth and 40th Regimental Districts 115 0 John Melbourne 1 11 6 F J Grocott 1 5 0 Councillor John Ev.ns Councillor Arthur Bennett 1 1 0 Councillor J Baird John Walker &Co 1 1 0 John Fairhurst Rev. John Yonge 1 1 0 Miss Aileen Crosfield 1 1 0 L A Voisey 1 1 0 W B Rober s Dr J B Naden 1 1 0 Travers Pickmere 1 1 0 Mrs Ml 3 Kiernan 1 1 0 Nomads Cycling Club. S Wakefield 1 1 0 J H Clarke 1 1 0 The Misses Rimmer 1 1 0 William Skinner William Silcock .. 1 1 0 Rev /I A Lester Reginald H Silcock E England Dr 13 J Geary 1 1 0 Mrs James Unsworth George M Osborne Dr S J Parker 1 1 0 John P Gorst 1 1 0 William Coppock Garside and Jolley A. A. Beesley 1 1 0 John Hughes William Fletoher Mersey Bedstead Co., Limited 1 1 0 Mersey Bedstead, Emtployis of Rev Neville Wilson 1 0 0 Miss Garven Alfred J Sileock 1 0 0 J Bernard Ro'rert Chadwick Pickmere's Vaults—Collected by Dan Arthur 13 Boardman 1 0 0 D Davies 0 12 0 George N Vernon 6 10 6 John Richardson Thomas Welsby ,. " 010 0 li Place OlO 0 H M Ashton John McDowell Mrs M A Chesworth.. . 0 10 0 Richard Toft Harry Tort Robert Anderton Arthur W Baker John Baines 0 10 0 John Wells 0 10 0 G. S Arthur Woorig 0 10 0 Thomas Mather 0 10 0 8 Kenyon 0 7 6 J. Herdman 0 6 0 John Hill 0 5 0 J. R Griffiths Mrs MII Deacon 0 5 0 J George Carter H Nowell ffarington J McLennan W Troman T. Parker 0 5 0 Arthur Jones A Friend The Boys 0 5 0 H.I. . 0 5 0 M.A.C.S Amounts under 5s 1 9 9

Total £644 0 3 Subscriptions will be thankfully receive& and liaay be paid to th, Mayor. the Borough Treasurer, or into any of the local Banks, the Managers of which have kindly consented toilopen lists. Signed on behalf of the Committee, JOHN EDWitlill WRIGHT, Mayer.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEMISTS WHO COMMAND PUBLIC ESTEEM. THREE GOOD QUALITIES YOU MAY DEPEND UPON. (1) THE PERFECT FRESHNESS (2) THE GOOD QU&LITY (3) THE FAIR PRICE OF ALL DRUGS SOLD AT

===== 0002601_18991110_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS C.A,SII CHEMISTS.

Every Branch is under the management of a com- petent man, qualified by examination of the Phar- maceutioal Society. The services of a reliable Chemist ere thL,s at the disposal of EVERY cus- tomer whether a Physician's prescription is brought to be dispensed, or the simplest drug is required. Po: (I) PHYSICIANS PRESCRIPTIONS (2) PURE DRUGS (3) SURGICAL APPLIANCES (4) TOILET ARTICLICS (5) HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS

take the lead in the towns where they have branches. TOILET ARTICLES.—Many of the branches have a large and elaborate stock of Hair Brushes, Vinai- grettes, Fancy Combs, &c., suitable for presents. in Inexpensive or expensive mountings, according to the taste and means ot purchasers.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS;

ARE SOLE LOCAL AGENTS TOR THE FOLLOWING SPECIALITIES : BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Highly recommended to sufferers from Bilious- ness and Liver troubles. is, lid. for Sid. at Boots, Cash Chemists. GRATTON'S EMBROCATION. Splendid testimonials from leading athletes. btrengthens the muscles. Is. for lei& at Boots, Cash Chemists. WILLS' WAUKEEZIE. A real corn curer. It never fails to give prompt relief. is. for led. at Boots, Cash Chemists. CAMPBELL'S CHERRY COUGH CURE. Unfailing remedy for stubborn cough; and sore threats. is. Id. for is. at Boots, Cash Chemists.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 36, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

S ATCIIELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7s. 6D. AND 10S. 6D.

Q -±Ol LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18991110_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN.

Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for inv book, which shows how every man, young and old, can aa6 thoroughly and quick! v cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRILITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine ; •• I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent staled, post free, for two stamps.

J. LF. I EITH. 92 and 93. Great Russell Street I.onort. W.C.

_ Send at once aad be cured. 12 Yeats Continuous Suomi)

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON T COUGH-USE

There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and efftetual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

If yen cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right,, Any Doctor will tell you they are 'IILVALLED.

TTTTERLY UN UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. U TTERLY UNRIVALLED.

Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of stamps from THOMAS KEATING, Chemist, London. .

EVERY WEAK MAN

cIIiOULD send for a Descriptive Treatise on the kJ Modern and Successful Treatment of Nervous Diseases and Physical Weal nese in Men, including Premature Ha- laaustion and loss of Vital Energy, with other allied affections by local absorption fi e. without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the subject, together with riumerous recent testimonials showing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor- tunity -1 being quickly restored to perfect health, sent in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. E. NORTON, 59 tt 60, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON. W.C. ConsultatiJns personally, or by letter tree of charge. ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. 6

===== 0002601_18991110_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Otortrp.

2150,000 Mortgagetf'°m3 or IpeLeceponstittoofhteAeddvsainnesegoo2n. to suit b rrowers,in any part of the countrc.-3. W. READER. 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

-086 500 TO ADVA NON; ON AfOR GAG tCS, C.l7' NEVERSIONS, LEGACIES B:c.. 12- bereek tram 3 per ceat. CHIEF SE 4TS FOR SALW—J. BROWN, 50. i. Lord-street; Liverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. No. 7456

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, withaut delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS ((oot of the Central Stabion), WIDNE.,• WARRINGTON at m / Residence, 134, Orford-lane any

Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District general( receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO., RN. £3O. £BO and upwards.

I INC'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DICOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSAHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and SIRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions. Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ 5/- £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 „ 7/6 £3O ~ 15/- Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No tees or fines charged. hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saurday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDINa'S LIMITED, n 1 MERSEY-5110.EL WAREINGION.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. O 831/1/0 NEW.: OWN PuOMISSORY NOTH.

he undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSISHSS ander MS OWN /SAMS. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANX HUM:Ink-DS OF LhTTEES of APPRKCIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEE CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. rikomrr ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES.

PROSPECTUSRS, terns for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, IritLE OF CHARGE, on applioa tion either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PA IN E,

ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE ICITTILDINGS. 16. SCHOOL LANE. LIVERPOOL. Head Office. 20, Kennedy St., Blanchester.

BOOKBI NDILN G, AND

LITIIOGRAPEIL EXAMINER OFFICE, JWSY SITALIR WAL:AINUION.

A,' 100.0

===== 0002601_18991110_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DRAB NELLIE,

Toques are now worn and might be in oloth of any hue to match the gown of the wearer, with a plain gold buckle and a dainty soft grebe feather. It is rather a satisfaction to be able to make a declaration at last respecting the headgear that is being worn instead of what is going to be worn. Throughout October we had only promises of novelties to come, but now that November is in we have to deal with actual facts. The weather has been so stormy that the last wisp of light gauze has been wrested from our chapeaux, and we have been obliged in consequence to order something really autumnal for .present-day wear. Panne is very much used in millinery. It is made in all the new pastel tints, and is of so sympathetic a texture that it can be folded into the semblance of flowers under the brim of the hat.

I really like more and more the short coats. The three-quarter garment is a difficult species of wrap in which to walk, for not only does it cause the skirt to cling absurdly about the knees, but it is an impossibility to hold it off the ground. In these particulars a heavy three quarter coat can be more exasperating than a long-trained coat, since with the latter one never attempts to do more than crawl, and leave one's dress to the tender mercies of the dust, whereas the short coat does make one try to walk, and even to lift one's dress from the mud. One I have is of bright red (or huntsman's pink) cloth, piped with a darker shade, the whole decidedly gay, but most attractive for the country daring autumn. The front panel of the skirt is untrimmed, but the sides lie over it in scallops that slope away at the edge of the skirt, and these are piped with the darker red. The front of the bodice is smoothly draped, giving a princess effect, and has dark red cloth buttons on each side.

A dress a friend of mine has *rem very becom- ing. It is created in a perfectly hew cloth called ohevense de la reine, lightly embroidered with gar- lands of silk representing lozenge squares; it has foot frills of velvet, fussy and yet simple, and a draped bolero ef the same fabric held up by ro- settes. With it is worn, when the day demands a wrap, a cape of nearly waist length, with a scal- loped motif of feathers round it rising up to the throat in graduated bands. The millinery suitable for it is deliciously simple—just a felt the colour of the cloth (say the new chestnut), of a perfect shape, trimmed with a twist of velvet. Capes have nob the prominence they erstwhile had, those that are worn being somewhat cumbersome by reason of their length and fulness, though those of fur will still be a good deal worn, very long behind, and shorter in trout, bearing a full and rather sleep flounce.

So many families are thrown into mourning through the loss of their dear ones in the South African war, that black will be largely in evidence for months to come, and the winter season, usually so cheery and gay with its restaurant and theatre parties, and the like, will be shorn of its brightness. Those who have not them- selves lost relatives yet don black, black and white, mauve or grey, as a mark of sympathy with bereaved friends. From the unemotional sartorial point of view this is not to be regretted, as a woman with anything approaching a "com- plexion" always looks her hest in black or neutral tints.

In many of the florists' windows the display of the chrysanthemum at present is superb. So much attention is given by the cultivators and so many growers specialise its culture that it ranks as first favourite for the floral decoration of the home. Its irregular form and depth and variety of colour—important factors—prevent that stiffness which often detracts from an otherwise effective decoration. Any coloured scheme can be carried out for the table, its own leaves providing the requisite relief of greenery, but a better result is obtained by the introduction of leaves of a larger and more distinctive character.

Bunches of Englii!ii sweet violets are beginning to appear now, and soon they will be seen on the baskets of the street flower-sellers. English. grown violets are always preferred, for their per- fume is so much sweeter than that of the French rivals, by _ _

Your loving

Joan&

x ,fri..ol-41Pv. ~.-40, V.....—. • ...-4, 4\ . 'II ,r.e..... .. //, - 7 .N' ._ _. ,S• ' ' / %.% --• • N. I - e• - .t. ,- ~

..--,r '5-- i '',414 i 40' c• ',. '- 4iii. \ 11 • . .. .. '•• . 0 I‘% d . .-- 011 1 I if :2\ :.:-,- 7, i II .. ''‘ '' ' 1 li, :. '7; : ' / it,' I 1 io, lit, ~.,. ~,, , ~, ,

A.,.)1) . ifr-,:a:\., :: : , )4 ....57. ' .:1.,• - ..-- t sr' • . , , (e... I; i11'6;1*•16.....- v.:, „ •-,,...)f c / v t-, —.1.--z-, t q , , • : ..._, y / 1 , 4 l „,,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A Book for Ladies.

The knowledge contained in thl3 book ie of PRICE- LESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED LADY, and has been the means of brightening the lives of thousands. It contains a large amount of valuable information. All will prcfit by reading it, as the knowledge gained is priceless, and cannot but do good. bent in sealed enve lepe,for two stamps.

AIRS, M FARLUIGH, (Box 630 160 lIACKINIX ROAD, LONDON, N.B

===== 0002601_18991110_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S PATENT SELF-R AISING FLOUP PREVENTS INDIGESTION

===== 0002601_18991110_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
BLISHEO

-1.A11..a.E157 PIANO at ORGAN

WILL DELIVER FREE AT YOUR DOOR,

This handsome, rich-toned Piano on receipt of 10/6 The first monthly payment, and guarantee 1 it tor 25 years. Discount for Cash.

Photo Catalogues sent free to any

A CENYURY.

FIRM IN TH

_ .ISALbI7fIRIOi L7nli ir‘, I (mil v k.l

.LS,I

===== 0002601_18991110_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Although Christmas is some distance off yet, the show of gifts in the shops is considerable, and many have been the purchases made, in readiness tor the " festive season." Royal folks rarely leave their present choosing till the last moment, and lately some of our Princesses have been seen closely examining novelties en evidence as " Christmae gifts" Of late years the Princess or Wales has frequently sent opecisnens of her own handi- work with the camera, as greetings among her own im- mediate circle, and Princess Cnarles of D3nmark often does the same. There are probably few other countries where Royal- ties can walk here, there and everywhere, in the way that they do here. Not long since, I saw the Princess Victoria of Wales, making purchases in a fashionable shop in Mount-street, and the Duchess of York was walking in Bond-street the same morning looking in at the shop windows, and buying things toe. She was very simply dressed, and if recognised, she was certainly not in any way annoyed. Not since the Crimea, or the Indian Mutiny, have the realities of war been so forcibly impressed upon the country as at the present time. Fortunately it is, at the worst, but a very distant acquaintance with its herrora, and not to be compared to the anxiety arid hardships which the war is causing in South Africa,but tbere will be a ereat sense of rebel when the British preparations are sufficiently forward to bring the end in view. It is, as Lord Rosebery has said, "no little war." and it is net surprising that the country is so wrapped up in its, as yet, very up and down fortunes. Not only will Sir Redyers Buller have a larger army under him than was ever before commanded by a British general, but the expedition also exceeds in numbers any force ever be- fore sent away from these shores. The nearest approach to the present military operations was in July 1809,when 41,000 troops were shipped to Antwerp under Lord Chatham. The Army Corps recently mobilised and shipped numbers close upon 47,000 and eventually with all the Regular and Colonial troops, General BuPer will have a force of not less than 90,000 troops at his dis- posal. The Duke and Duchess of Devonshire have been placed in mourning by the death of Commander Egerton, who was mortally wounded in the recent fighting at Lady- smith. He was a nephew of the Duke, and at the time of the engagement was a lieutenant of the Naval Brigade landed from ELM. S. Powerful. He was oely in his thirty-first year,and his death shows that the war claims its victims from all ranks, and all classes. The officers in fact appear to suffer more in proportion to their num- bers, in every successive campaign, and Lord Wolseley says they must expect to suffer. Many of course belong to the highest families, and among those who have lately arrived at the front is Major Princa Christian Victor. One of Lord Salisbury's sons, Lord Edward Cecil, is with Colonel Baden-Powell. It is scarcely more than a year ago since Lord Edward was present with the Sirdar, at the fall of Khartoum, Lord Lan, downe, Lord Tweedmouth, and Lord Ribblesdale, also have sons serving in the war, against the Boers, and Lord and Lady George Hamilton have about a dczen relatives similarly engaged at the Cape. Mrs. Druce. who has long been struggling with the difficulties and delays of the law, with regard to the opening of a certain grave, is still pursuine her claim to the Portland estate, and the other day offered £46,000 worth of Druce Portland bonds for sale at auction with- out reserve. The bonds, according to the undertaking, are to be redeemed at their face value within 12 months of Mrs. Druce's son becoming the Duke of Portland. There was no keen competition for the toads, and from £1 per £lOO bond, the price fell to 2s, and to is. for the £5O bonds. This dees not look very prnmising,but Mrs. Druce announces her intention to offer the bonds all over the country, where people may perhaps take a more sanguine view of her case. To judge however by the result or ending of most of these cases, nothing seems more hopelessly futile than a disputed claim to a peerage There are several such claims being made, of which the Poulett bise recently attracted a good deal of attention. It was stated that a compromise was arrived at in this affair, but of course the Committee of Privileges of the House of Lords would not censent to any compromise as to who should become a member of their own body. The municipal elections, in which the womenfolk utually take no little interest, have this year been com- pletely overshadowed by the war. Imperialism has mostly crowded out all immediate concern for local or domestic matters, but this was not altogether the case in Northampton. At a meeting which Mr. ex Mayor Hanoet was holding, with a view to his re-election, he was asked the following, question by one of the parish- ioners—" If Mr. Hennes happens to be made Mayor again will he not be so severe on a man who happens to give the old woman a thump ?" There could be no possible doubt about what was in the naind ef the ques- tioner, but it is both satisfactory and significant ot the decadence of wife-beating, that the meeting ended by passing a unanimous vote of confidence in the ex-Mayor. It is all very well for coroners and juries to censure poor people who sleep four in a bed, as in a case which formed the subject of a coroner's inquiry quite recently

in a suburb of London- In this case the father was an Arsenal labourer, with nine children, and although it is eminently desirable that people should have plenty ot sleeping space, yet it is pracqcally impossible for a man in such circumstances to do what ha would wish in a district where there is a house famine. It is the London County Council who ought to have been censured for failing to supply municipal dwellings. Toe men who constituted the jury, are, no doubt, in the ordinary affairs of life, siiinsible individuals who take a practical view of things, but although their object was mast cammendable,Te: there may be some question con- cerning their expression of opinion that it should be made criminal for more than one child to sleep with the mother. Do they really believe that such legislation will ever be enacted. It is true, as the jury remarked, that the number of deaths from "accidental "suffoca- tion is enormous, but they are not, as in this case, due to overcrowding. Of every 1,000 de,aths of infants from suffisication in bed 997 are veillui murder, two are due to the drunkenness of the parents and the remainder are pure accidents. The children would be murdered just the same if only one were allowed to sleep with the parents. _ _ _

Fur trimmings are largely en evidence, on up-to-date gowns, but 30 far, the band round the tem is conspicu- ous by its absence, an item to rejoice over. The idea was a messy and extravagant one. Regarding the cloths of which fashionable frocks are now being so.extensively built, these are so soft and smooth that the folds fall with natural grace. Even tweeds and cheviots are of this soft fineness, the wool of which they are made being of the beet. A new cloth is like the skin of some Arctic animal, for thickness. It is called zebelline, and is too thick and warm for wearing in any but the coldest weathar.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
POLYPHON.

!HIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL NSTRUMENT will PLAY by IT- LP—Clockwork—thousand; of Ines. You can choose your own ,nee. 'noes from 12s. 6. to £25 Also GRAMOPHONEd and PHONOGRAPHS—TaIking machines from 425.

A RCHFR & SONS, St. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, (top of Lard greet.) LIVIIIPOOL.

THE TE - __ INI .' • , ....I,l\ Tui tun p „4-...91.i..-•-•o'Al t ,--....,-,7-t-d, . ...,„ : -- ---. ---- -• -- -- -v -:-.t_il• ',e.'--- 3,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLVING THE LAND PROBLEM.

Twenty-flee years age as attempt was made in the village of Histon, near Cambridge. to solve the problem, how to make land pay in the face of foreign competi- tion ? The country was then at one of its educational epochs. We were being taught the vast food and health value of fruit. Incidentally, also, we were slowly gain- ing the knowledge that pure sugar, properly treated, was one of the greatest nutrients, in a small compass with which man has been blessed. Further that sugar and fruit in combination—when the latter i 6 fresh, ripe and luscious—makes a most valuable addition to our daily dietary, especially to that of children. So that at the time abases referred to, the importance of growing fruit for jean and fruit flavouring was then attracting atten- tion. The firm gradually expanded until they are now the largest fruit-cultivating jam and jedy makers in Great Britain. The watchwords have been, pure and fresh material, with the most positive cleanliness in the manufasturiug processes. Aed as Chivers' Gold Medal Jellies are prepared from the base obtaioable materials, and as their delicious flavours are real fruit juices ex- pressed by the firm themselves from fruit grown under their own care, we cannot wonder that Chivers' Gold Medal Jellies have the largest sale and greatest popularity. Dr. Andrew Wilson writes : Chivers' Jellies cannot be "surpassed." Great Thoughts observes : H The flavour and purity cannot be excelled." Irish Society oays " lhose Jellies far supersede other makes." Sold by Grocers and Stores in packets. Half-pints, 24e1., Pints Quarts BJ.A free sample will he sent on receipt of postcard. S. Chivers Se Sons, Huston. Cambridge. Please mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO WEAK MEN. AN originally scientific means of Curing Nervous Debility and its Various Phs.sicat and Nervous Ailments, With- out the use or Nauseous Stomach Medicines.

The Method is easy and sure, and a Permanent and Effective Cure is Ensured in all cases of Weakness in Young and Old Men.

A fully Exolanatcry Pamphlet sent sealed. post free. 3 stamps—Address. C. 1). MUItItAY, 7, Southampton Itow High liolboan, Loudon, W.C.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
((opyright. )

===== 0002601_18991110_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
NOBLER THAN REVENGE.

By ESME STUART,

Author of "In the Dark," "Inscrutable," "A. Woman of Forty," "Sara's Mother," Bto.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: On his way to visit his cousin, Sir Harry Beauworth, Alec Beauworth, heir to the title, is set upon by two men and knocked senseless. Sir Harry has a bad reputa- tion. Bob Rabbitts, son of the evil-looking landlord of the Dog and Duck, revives Alec and determines, as he has the chance, to enter Sir Harry's service for a time to see that Alec comes to no harm.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 111.

The girl wound her arm round her father, and the two moved up the old oak staircase, and went towards the wing of the house set apart entirely for Ruby. This wing turned at right angles to the body of the house. It did not look into the front drive, but into the small park which, at that side, extended as far as the eye could see. The passage was cut off from the rest of the house by a massive oak door which the squire had put up, and it was this door which was locked at night, and the key of which he always carried about with him. Ruby had always been accustomed to see her father lock this door, so that it seemed to her the most natural thing for her and Nancy to be kept safe at night under lock and key. There was only one way out of this wing—by a little door leading down to some unused rooms, but as there was nothing to see there—for the rooms were all darkened with oak shutters —it had never occurred to Ruby to open this door, which merely opened on a dark, narrow staircase. In this way Nancy had a small, upstairs kitchen, which had been fitted up when Ruby had once been taken ill with scarlet fever, and which was now often used if her father was away for days together. To-night, as usual, the father and daughter paused at the great oak door. Sir Hurry put his arm round Ruby's shoulders and drew her head down to kiss her forehead.

"Is there anything you want, Ruby ? " he said. "No, nothing," she answered, slowly. How could she say more, for she did not know what she wanted. '

"Well, good-night, darling; go to bed early, and--"

"And if you can, you will come and see me, to say good-night again ? " "If I can; but to-night I shall be very busy working in the study. Ah, I had forgotten! Here is a little watch which I had sent for, and it only came this evening." It was a small watch, surrounded with diamonds. "0 papa, how lovely! I must shew it to Nancy. How good you are!" Rt,by heard, without noticing it, the key turn in the lock. Then she hurried away to exhibit her new treasure to Nancy. The girl's sitting-room was all ti.at heart could desire. All the panels were carved with quaint devices. There were polished oak sters leading up to the windows, and the room was luxuriously furnished. Nancy sat in a high-backed chair knitting. Her face was very sad, and it certainly needed Ruby's spirits not to feel depressed in Nancy's company. She looked as if she had had some great shock in her life, and had never got over it. "Look, Nancy, what dear old dad has given me! A lovely watch. "It's pretty, Miss Ruby; but what's the use of knowing the time here ? " "0, Nancy, that's what I felt for a moment; but I would not let papa guess it. He does every- thing to make me happy, and yet I seem to want - Oh, what do I want?"

Nancy looked scared. "What did I say, child? Nought—nought to make you feel that—" "Well, if you did, there's no harm," exclaimed Ruby, laughing. "I want to do something I have never done before, or see someone, or— 0 Nancy, what is it? I have you and Leo, and then papa is everything to me. I can't think what makes me like that!"

"You are getting a big wench, dearie, and that's what it is."

"Wench! 0 Nan,gy, you mean a lady; but papa has just said that I am still a child, and must go to bed early." "You do get a load o' loneliness here." "When lam grown-up I shall not go to bed early. Three years more, Nancy I Think of that!" • "What the squire says must be, dearie, so make the best of it; but I would rather be a-" Nancy paused.

"Be 'what ? " "Nothing—nothing, child; get your work and it down whilst I get the supper." Instead of obeying, Ruby went up the steps and gazed out of the window. "There are two men coming across the park, Nancy. Why, it is funny—l've never seen anyone come across that way before. Who can they be?" "Two men," said the old woman, coming for- ward. "Why, no one ever comes‘that way." "Look, Nancy, they are coming over the fence! Papa would be angry if he saw them. I wish we could see their faces.

"No, no, dearie ; don't look. Come away. Your father would be angry." "Angry! What for? Oh, they are strangers that have lost their way. It is raining; they want &leiter." "No, no, dear; let them be. Your father will pe to them." "But they won't know the way by the walled garden, and Leo will bark at them. Oh, I wish I could tell them." _

"You, dearie! Don't you meddle with any men " ; and the old woman muttered, half to herself: "It's what her father said to me many years ago. She is never to see a strange man." Nancy appeared so frightened that Ruby turned round towards her with a puzzled expression on her face. "0 Nancy, you are funny! Papa did not mean that! But I wish we were not locked up. I shall ask him to give us the key. Oh, look! they are coming nearer, and they are looking about. Nancy, do look! Have you ever seen one of them before ? " Nancy looked again, then she pulled down the blind. "No, no; why should I have ever seen them ? " "Oh, but you have! When you say things like that, I know that you mean Yes,' Nancy! I'll tell you what we can de.: run down the stairs of the passage, and there we could speak to them if we open a shutter." "Lack-a-day child, you must be mad! What made you think of such a thing? It would break the wand of peace, indeed, to have you doing such a thing! Even if you went deftly and made no noise, the master would hear you. For Heaven's sake, Ruby, do you want to bring me to trouble? There, the men have gone out of sight, and let them be out of mind. They are but wayfarers." But Nancy had overreached herself to-night. Ruby's mind had been started on a road, which was to bring her to a strange country. "It's no use telling Nancy. She always says' Don't' to every- thing! Why shouldn't Igo down the stairs, and look out of the lower windows? What harm would it do? In that old book I found the other day it said that if a maid went out on a moonlight night and dropped three round, smooth stones down a well, she would get all she wanted. But no one must see the girl go out. Oh, dear! Nancy would see me. Ido wish I could have had a sister or— s lover."

Ruby paused. "Why shouldn't I try? Oh, it would be amusing! Nancy knows something about these men. Odd. Well, I can't do anything now, but next time. Why, it is moonlight now, only the clouds hide the moon. Yes, I'll ask Bob Babbitts, who looks so kind, I'll ask him to bring me three smooth stones, and I'll get out below and drop the stones into the well just outside the garden wall. The lock is broken, I can push it open without being seen. Oh, I'm seventeen! It's time I did wish. What shall it be ? " -

Ruby started up, and made an excuse to fetch a pocket-handkerchief from her bedroom. This room looked the samo way as the sitting- room, but it had two windows—one, which was never opened, looked out towards the front, as it was in the angle. If Ruby could open this, she could see if the two men did come to the house.

—.— She opened her own window, and looked out into the cold and rain, listening intently. Leo would bark if they were strangers; but no, Leo never lifted up his voice. Suddenly she heard the garden gate pushed open: and steps pass into the drive, then turn into the angle, where she could not follow them. She tried to open the little window, but it was firmly fixed. "I believe," said Ruby to herself, and for the first time in her life, "I believe I am a prisoner. Why? "

CHAPTER IV.

It was with some difficulty that the stranrr

===== 0002601_18991110_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
MVEMBER 10, 1899.

Stood up and leant on non-s snouider. tne nignt , twind that blew freely in at the half-broken dual _ .

Seemed to restore the young man. When he leant against the wail a smile flitted across his face.

I "Tell me, Bob, why lam here. of Jambliana are nothing to it. remember."

The mysteries Let me try and

"Who's Jamblichus, sir ? " said Bob. "Boy, may your ignorance be forgiven you, but this is hardly the time to explain. I have to get to Yewdale Hall this evening." "Yewdale Hall, sir!" said Bob, in a tone of great surprise. "Be you a friend of the squire?" Bob's interest in the handsome stranger seemed to weaken on hearing this. "Friend! No, not yet, but—let me see—l was walking along the road, and—and—" He passed his hand over his forehead. "Let me see, I—l felt-- Yes, I can't help thinking that some drunken fellow, taking me for a rival in the affections of his Mirandula, gave me a whack which—"

' "No, no, sir, there ain't no girl called Mirandula hereabouts, it was not that but--" Bob paused, a whole world of thought was taking possession of him.

The stranger laughed softly. ' "I am using metaphor, my boy, though this is hardly the place for it, but—my wits are return- ing, and I will give you my blessing gratis if you shew me the shortest way to Yewdale Hall, for, owing, I think, to your powerful potion, my legs will not carry me far." "You wants to go and I doesn't," said Bob, grinning at the strange fate which made one man's poison another man's desire. "So you have a chance of going to the squire. Well, what is he like. But speak no ill of him, for he is my relation." Bob, being warned and being a cute boy, was not going to reveal any secrets to the squire's relation. "If you wants to go I know a short cut, if so be the squire don't catch us. The rain's stopped now. Do you think you could get over two hedges, sir ? " "But how did I get here?" asked the stranger, suddenly. "You are hardly big enough to carry me. Where did you find me ? ' But Bob was on his guard. "Father kicked me out of doors to-night for refusing to go to work up at the squire's, and so I came here."

" ihat's odd. You won't go, and lam trying to see how I can get there. It was to be for my advantage, but you must think that, in your case, it was the reverse. Well, Bob, that's your name ? " _ _

"Of course—Bob Rabbitts. Father's the land- lord of the Dog and Duck, but he's mostly drunk o' nights. Hope he is to-night, and then I can get in sooner." "First, then," said the stranger, smiling, "will you take me to the Hall? I only hope my host and relation will not be drunk. Don't you care to know my name, Bob? You have been my kind friend in necessity." Bob grinned again. "Narnes ain't much. Shan't forget you if I sees you again. I kep' staring at you enough just now. Thought you was never coming round." "I still feel turning round. But now, shall ws start, or have you anything else to impart? The squire gave me minute directions about the way I was to come."

"Suppose he wants to

"Did he?" said Bob. see you ? " "That is why I am here, my fortune being my wits as I gather they are yours, Bob." "Don't expect nothing but whacks from father," said Bob, "but I'm tough—awful tough. Mother said the extra skin was give me a-purpose, as father's so often a-laying on me!" The stranger fairly laughed. "Provisions of nature, my boy! Yet nature was kinder to you than to me. Here I have been whacked—or so I think—and I am thin-skinned. Now, come, this scene is over; we need not wait for God save the Queen.' If we can avoid more accidents. that's all I ask."

"Hush'!" said Bob, suddenly putting his hand over the stranger's mouth, and at the same time kicking down his lanthorn. The stranger could hear and see nothing, but he was wise enough to heed the rough warning without calling out. In a moment Bob released him, and with a "hush!" he poked his head out of the boat-house and placed his ears close to the ground. "There's footsteps! Will you trust me, sir, and not ask questions? Quick!" There was a moment's pause. "I owe you payment for that brandy. boy. Yes, I'll trust you. So you know more than you say! Foul play, eh?" "Hush! if you don't want any more whacks. Lie down here close against the wall and make believe you're dead, sir. You promised. It's worth my bones, too." The stranger had no time to think; besides, he felt that his strength was not what it had been. If some drunken giant made his appearance he would have but a poor chance against him. In a moment Bob had covered him up with fern. "Don't move, sir. Ods Daggi there's someone as has a spite against you, that's certain. I'm going to climb on the rafters. Whatever you hear don't move or say naught. You swear ? " "On my oath. "Well, if they whack again I'll tumble down on their heads." - - - .

Without waiting for an answer Bob seized the lanthorn, and the stranger heard him softly scrambling overhead. Still, to his ears, nothing was audible. This was certainly an extraordinary adventure. He, Alec Beauworth, a poor, unknown architect's clerk in London, had received a letter from his unknown cousin, Sir Harry Beauworth, asking him to come and pay him a visit at Yewdale Hall. Alec's parents had died before he could remember, and he had been cared for by a lady, who, having made the acquaintance of his mother during the last month of her life, had, at her death, taken pity on. the poor baby, who had nothing left to him but his life. Miss Grey had been a mother to him, but her small income was but an annuity, and had died with her. She had saved a few hundred pounds for her adopted son, and with this he had started himself in an architect's office. Here he had but distant prospects of fame and advance- ment. His mother had left behind her some letters which had always interested Miss Grey, but of which Alec, with his broader views, had thought little. These letters contained proofs that he was the next in succession to the Beauworth estates, if young Beauworth died without children, and if the estate was not claimed by the boy's uncle, who had gone abroad and had been lost sight of, and who was most probably dead. The young man was not likely to marry, as he vas not as bright as he should have been, but as Alec had often pointed out to his adopted mother, the uncle was most likely alive, and, if so, he would be a fool not to turn up and claim his rightful possessions. "But your mother's letter says he, too, was very delicate when he started for some wild region in Australia. I feel sure he is dead."

Just before Miss Grey's death the young Beau- worth died, and the kind spinster felt convinced her Alec was at last provided for, but very soon the lawyers sent word that Sir Harry Beauworth had telegraphed from abroad that he had seen the death of his nephew, and that he was coming with his daughter by the next ship. "Then he has only a daughter, and you are still the heir. I wish I could live to see you Sir Alec,' my boy, instead of leaving you to struggle with fate."

When Miss Grey died Alec felt very lonely, but he was fond of his profession, and worked hard with- out giving many thoughts to the heirship of Yew- dale. He heard that Sir Harry was by no means too old to marry again, for he must desire an heir of his own. Ten years paFsed and Alec, now thirty-one years old, had almost fogotten his rela- tions, when, one morning, he received a letter from Sir Harry, asking if he would give him the pleasure of a visit, as he wished to confer with him on important matters. Alec managed to get a week's leave, wishing it were summer tiine instead of cold winter, but any break in the routine of his daily life was a relief, and he started out with a light heart for the lonely place with which he was totally unacquainted. And now, instead of being an honoured guest at the Hall, here be lay hidden like a thief, after having been knocked .down by some drunken fellow. Well, it was an ignominious beginning to a visit, and the squire would certainly look upon him as a poor specimen of manhood, who could not reach his destination without encountering ridiculous adventures. As he lay there Alec even wondered what • Sir Harry's daughter would be like, and what she would say to a guest who was more like a ninepin than a man, and allowed himself to be knocked down by an unseen hand without giving a blow in return.

moment, however, Alec nearly broke his word by starting up, and only recollected, just in time, that he wall not prepared for very unequal warfare, and, above all, tliat he had promised the rough but honest lad who had shewn him extra- ordinary kindness, that he would keep perfectly

Still. ire held his breath and his tongue with mat strange feeling which comes over us when we do, Or experience, something so unusual that we have no former enperience to help us even with thoughts,

There were steps heard on the rough ground outside. Then someone pushed open the door, and even Alec, who thought himself courageous, remained nl,,ionless, for it was not one, but three men who were standing round him.

"He's not moved. Better leave him where he is till to-morrow."

"If he wakes up ? " "Then he'll be clever, but--" "Best feel his pulse," said another speaker. "No, no," answered the first, "leave him alone." "Then let's go to Babbitts's. We had better warn him."

"Say nothing about it." "That blow would have staggered anyone! Lucky that the police are not wandering round about here."

"You can square everyone." "I don't envy the man who isn't in your good graces." "I pick a quarrel with no one. But come." Alec heard the trio step out, the last one taking the precaution of sb, ing tilt, old door somewhat closer than it had been before.

Again there was silence in the old shed. Only Bob, from his vantage ground, Irept his eyes glued to the hole trying to see all that could be seen through the darkness. Alec never moved. He thought he would leave the selection of time to Bob. At last there was a rustling, and Bob called softly: "Sir, you can get up now; they are all gone." "Time, too, for I feel cramped to death; but I am glad that my kind friends will now leave me to proceed to my journey's end." "Be you going on ? " asked Bob; "don't you know--" But the boy stopped. A sudden thought had struck him.

"Well, that is my best course. Evidently lam an object of dislike in these parts." "And you want to go to the squire's house?" said Bob, slowly. "But where else do you want me to go?" "There ain't nowhere else in these parts to- night, that's true. The Dog ain't safe." "Is the worthy you spoke of your father?" "Yes; father is mostly not safe. No, you can't go there." "If the squire is at all an authority in these parts, he will get these fellows taken up and punished. Look here, Bob, I still think they mistook me for someone else, and found that, having done a mean trick, it was better to hide me away. You know none of the three men 1" "I never set my eyes on two of them, and the other---"

" So you could identify the other ? " Bob nodded. "Yes, sir, but I would rather not, for a heap o' reasons." "And they have gone to your father's house ? " "That's it. I'll come with you, sir, to the squire." "At present my thanks must be rich in words, boy." "I don't want nothing," said Bob, tossing back his shaggy hair. Bob led the way, his new friend leaning on his shoulder.

"It's my opinion--still opinion's but a fool— that the poor man for whom I must have been mis- taken had better make off as soon as he can. What do you say to that, boy?" ! "I dunno what to think," said Bob, and in truth his mind at this moment was full of wonderment, for Ile had plainly recognised the squire as the third visitor to the shed. But this new friend was ,asking him to take him to the very house which, according to Bob's ideas, was the last place he I ought to visit. Should he tell him so? What was the use? lie saw well enough, from the feeble way in which the stranger walked, that it was im- possible for him to get further this evening. I Bob's life had been full of roughness, and there .had been little room for romance, except as far as 'concerned his mother; but now a new feeling had suddenly sprung up within him. He would not let ,this young man get into harm. There was only one way to help him, and that was to do the thing he had said nothing would make him do. He would take service with the squire. What would his mother say? His father would triumph, and would think it was because he had made him do it. It was a bitter pill to Bob, who was fearless, and ,who would rather have been killed than have given in to force. Bob's mind was quick, and he reviewed ,the situation as he and his companion were making a somewhat slow progression towards Yewdale Hall. lAlec had been silent because he was bruised and weary; indeed, it required all his energy to keep up with Bob's strides. ahe silence was at last broken by Bob. I "What do they call you?" he said. I "It depends who they may be! My name is Alec .Beauworth—but worth nothing; in any case, you are a staff to a poor bankrupt. lam speaking Imetaphorically, Bob." ! "If I was to work up at the squire's I should see you," said Bob, half shyly. "Very true, Bob, and our friendship would not come to an untimely end; but I have only a week's leave, so make no sacrifice for me." I "A deal can happen in a week," said Bob. I "True, my philosopher, and even in less time, as you see. This morning I was a thoughtless ,traveller, this evening I am a lame dog." I "Look here, Mr. Beauworth, if I come with you and stay, don't you tell the squire all this. 'l'll manage to speak to you. Then there's Miss Ruby. She is a rare good 'un, she is. You can trust her, but she thinks a deal of the squire." I "That is a good sign for me. The squire sent for me, and I have come at his bidding. So Miss Ruby is good—but plain—ugly, you would say? Eh, Bob, my friend?" I "No, Miss Ruby ain't ugly; leastways, mother says so. I don't know. She just smiles at a fellow and it makes him feel—" "As if he had taken that brandy of yours? Mighty bad I should say? " "Miss Ruby don't know nothing. She's kept always at the Hall, and Nancy ain't allowed to tell her nothing. But, Mr. Beauworth, don't tell the squire nor Miss Ruby about your being knocked down--"

1---‘.‘'Rot tell them! But how account for my arrival and my battered appearance? Besides, an adven- ture always looks well in the eyes of a lady." I Bob shook his head.

I "Best do as I tell you, sir. You tell the squire that you had an accident and a fall, but say nothing more. You can say you met me and asked me to take you to the Hall. I'll say the same." "It is certainly best to have the same story. Let me see—l was walking alone and I had a fall, and when I woke up I was in a shed, and crawling out, I asked you to guide me to Yewdale. Not far from the truth, but not the whole truth."

"Don't say nothing about the men just now. The squire would make a worrit." Alec thought a minute. The squire, if he were kindhearted, might hunt for the miscreants, and if they were brought to justice Alec might have to waste much time in giving evidence. "There's wisdom in your idea, Bob, but I don't think your reasoning can be admired. Ah I I have it. You recognised a friend just now, and you don't wish to get him or them into trouble, of course. Well, I owe you a fair amount of thanks, and if I can pay my debt this way I am willing. Indeed, any little pleasure I might feel in bringing my enemies to the gallows would be outweighed by the feeling that I was ungrateful to you. Is that it, Bob, you saw a friend ? " Bob nodded. He could not bring his tongue to say "Yes" to that question, but it was a piece of good fortune that the stranger had hit on that idea. "Then we'll be friends," said Bob, quite earnestly, "and you'll not blab ? " "My word of honour, Bob, I'll 4 obey you, regardless of the call of justice. Take me to Yewdale Hall, and I'll be mum on the subject of my adventures. The squire shall punish no friend of yours through me." Bob was grinning. "Come on, sir, we must cross this meadow and then we get to the garden gate; squire keeps it always open." A little later they stood at the door of Yewdale Hall. Bob kept a little behind his companion. An old man in rusty livery opened the door, and to Alec's question: "Was the squire within? " he answered:

"No, sir, he was called out on particular busi- ness. Are you Mr. Beauworth ?Your room is ready." Bob now presented himself. "Father said I was to come up here about some work the squire wanted done." "Yes, he said something about it," said old man, in a weak voice. "I'll tell mother, and come back again," said Bob. "Here's the gentleman's trunk, take that up first. It's as much as I can do now. I'm getting old to carry luggage. I told the squire I must have help, but I didn't mean the likes of you." "I can do a smart lot of things, Mr. Rudd. I'll be mighty useful to you; just try." .

You come from the wrong piano,- mutterNi the 1 old man, but a 4 Bob shouldered the luggive, he was mollified. "I don't say you won't do. There, follow me."

They had not far to go. On the first landing a essage turned sharply to the right, and the first door they reached was thrown open by Rudd. There was a fire burning on the hearth, and the sight was welcome to the traveller, who began to feel that he had indeed had an unpleasant experi- ence and was glad to have finished with it. "I am rather muddy, hawing lost my way and scrambled through unfriendly ditches," said Alec to the old man. "If this boy is in your service let him stay and help me." "As you like, sir. If the squire has engaged him he had best make himself useful; there is no room for lazy lads here."

The old inan went off, shaking his head as he muttered: "The squire would have been here if he thought the stranger would have come. There's something as he don't expect here." Bob was handy and proved no mean valet, and Alec, being weary, soon sank into a big arm-chair, letting Bob pull off his boots. To Alec's surprise the boy next carefully examined the room. It was an old panelled chamber, with a big cupboard let into the wall on one end, and two deep recesses in the two windows. Bob examined everything, both cupboard and window fastenings. _ _ _ _ _

• Alec smiled at his new friend's curiosity. "So you have never seen this room before, Bob ? "

"Not been in it," Bob replied, shaking his mop. "But they said in the village that the Hall is haunted. I ain't ever seen a ghost, and I wanted to find one. Be you afraid of ghosts, sir ? " "No, I don't believe they exist, so I can't fear the impossible." "It's best to be sure. If you don't mind, air, I'll like to come and see you are safe, so I'll try to find a way into this room." Alec laughed. r "That is your game! You have been a friend in need, Bob, my friend, so have your wish, but let me know when to expect you or I might give you a too substantial welcome." Bob was craning his head out of the window. "There's a tree handy, and I can climb like a cat. I don't like that big cupboard, though." "Drag my trunk into it and there will be little room for the ghost. By Jupiter! Bob, I am dead sleepy—all that brandy; but it is hardly civil for one's host to find his visitor in bed. No, I am forgetting, some food would be accept- able. What do you say to roasted pig? A famous writer has said that a strong man may fatten on him and a weakling refuseth not his mild juices." Bob was not listening. He had emerged from the great cupboard red with the exertion. "I'll go now, sir, and wait for the !squire, and then tell mother."

"Bib, you are untiring." "It was the rubbing," said Bob. "Ods Dagg I I rubbed you hard." "So you consider me your property ? " "Yes," said Bob, grinning, "that's it. Look here, sir, you keep that window-latch always open and then I can pop in." "And verify that I'm the article you picked up." "Better swear you won't tell the squire. It sort of keeps it in a fellow's head. I swore I wouldn't come here."

Alec burst out laughing. "And here you are. I call that light swearing." _ . _ _

"Never didit before.

Harkeel "

In an instant Bob had fled from the room, and a few minutes later the squire, when he entered, found him waiting in the hall, looking very unlike the Bob who had been as tender as a woman over the prostrate body of the ill-used traveller. "Ali! I have just seen your father, Bob, and he said you refused to come to me." "Father was all fuddled. He don't know what he says when he's in drink. I want to come, sir. I'm handy at things indoor and out." Bob kept his eyes modestly on the ground. "I want a boy. Rudd is getting too old. Ah! there he is. Rudd!"

"If you please, Sir Harry, the gentleman has come."

Bob looked from under his wild front lock, and he detected a sudden look of surprise flit over the squire's face.

, -"And where is he ? " " Ups ta i rs, sir, waiting for you." (To be continued.)

THE LORD MAYOR'S SHOW.

For L'mdoners there is no need to describe the Lord Mayor's Show. For others we may say that it is a pro- ceesion which is to be seen every 9at November, when the new Lord Mayor takes offict,, and proceeds, attended wy the Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council- men, with bands of music, aed with banners flying of al the City GoiLis, to thn Exchequer Court to bo sworn ha. Then, at night, follows the Lord Mayor's ',annual banquet, in the Guild Hall—a mighty deed of drinking and feeding. Every year since 1501. have these gustatory festivities been held there—about 400 of them altogether. What beasts of the field and birds of the air have gone to the manufacture of that long series of official feasts. Alas! for rime's tatal t ouch. They have passed hate Limbo, and 80 have most of the men that ate them. Soletra and instructive thought!

And they ran into money 'withal. The cos of the Lord Mayor's Show, dinner included, is about £3,500, of which his lordship pays half and each sheriff one-fourth. Surely the Lord Mayor hath ways to .spend his £lO.OOO a year—even if it is twice the salary of the Prime Minister. Not all the people who march in the Lord Mayor's procevion get a chance to put their legs under the tables at the Lord Mayor's banquet. Oh, no—nor an; thing like it. The elephants and camels are oinitted, of course; and the policemen, the eoldiere, the iiadorr, beefeaters, etc., must content thernselver, with their ordinary rations, and a good j.b for them too. Because the cuetti at the big feed will eat too nauo'a and drink too much. They always do. And then the miseries of the day after Sharp indig,estions, parizaysms of biliousness, awful " heads " arid collapsed nerves are on the list. The Habitual Dyspeptics—at least half the honourable and discinguieheci company— groan under the onset of their Intimate Enemy and wished they had stopped outside with the parties who were not invited. But the remedy that pulled them through last year (Mother S 'igen Syrup) soon sets matters to rights. The bowels are relieved of the r loaci,the liver resumes work the stomach dijests the tough stuff that was so reck- lessly thr ,wn inte it, and they look back at the Lord Mayor's banquet as Wellington looked at the French alter the battle ot Waterloo. Eat what you like, but keep "Moller Seigel "close at hand.

k - .1 1 1, lip 1,7 ~..., - ........-- \.......-",, ,_ --- ~.f.A\ .:, ~ -:. 1 (7)-i . );I 7:: ----- 1,1 7 r2.-1,.-:,- __€._,-7-775 l',E ;#e. ,„ ~,,, .. ~,,,„.? •,.. •.:_•-• pd -L-:_-;-',-e( U`'..--.4 %--;;-;? ...-r--' 7- --4 71— ( ; i."..-•-\--,gi "----7(''''.--•>.•:* 41 'ILS/ ..`..", .: _ , ) 7 ii :._,. I) ifi ;,:f .---- ry ii i \ itt\s-.:7\sji) i .4, ) k.,--zr 1 )---• -7'" ;._, ~.. ~

===== 0002601_18991110_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEP„ FRIDAY,

The Suicide at Latchford.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at the Polled Station on Saturday on the body of Patrick Quinn, Manor House, Lower Wash-lane Latchford, who was found hanging from a nail in the scullery ceiling by bis wife on Friday.— Catharint Quinn, wife of deceased.said her husband was forty-four years of age, and was an engine driver at Mr. Parkinson's tannery. Ile was a very steady man but lately had complained of dizziness and du)lness of the eyes. On Friday afternoon at four o'clock, she went to take tea to the works which were near the house and on her return tound him haliging on a nail in the scullery ceiling. When cut down Le was dead.—A verdict of " Suicido whilst of untounl mind" was returned.

SOLVERS LIST.

Previous Problem Ti. I score. No 56. Pts. W Rigby, Warrington 7B 2 80 W Hewitt, Warrington 7B 2 80 E Donaghy, Padgate ..... H Powell,Warrington 6B 2 70 T P Forbes, Warrington 64 2 66 E Ogden, Warrington 62 2 64 G Rowe, Warrington ..... ........ T Rickers, W arrington W Massey,Warrington W Darlington, Penketh . 54 2 56 J J Foden,Warrington ....-...... 52 2 54 J Evans,Watrington -.-........ 52 2 54 J Green,Warrington A Rutter, Warrington A Banner, Warrington "E J P" Warrington... .. 42 2 44 "c P,"Warrington „.. .... 36 2 38 S Albinson. Scockton Heath-- 30 30 F Wright,Warrington - 24 2 26 S Tavlin, Warringt0n..........-.... 18 2 20 W E .Warrington .., G Lowe, Warrington J. J. Wright, Warrington ~... 4 2 6 F Frangleton, Warrington .. 2 • 2 4 J R Grieve,Warrington ....-...._ 2 2 J Ross, Penketh_ ... 2 2 R Mercer, Padgate... ...... ..... ..- 2 2

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this comp3tition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of ss. instead of cash prz,?, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection wirh the above competition we may state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the competition if he chooses commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as followi, : Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction. Inteiading competitors may commence at any time.

We have t,3 announce that our Competition for October resulted in a tie between Mr. W. Rigby, 18, General-street, and Mr W. Rewitt,but on the ballot being resorted to according t 3 rules, Mr. Rigby was pronounced the winner. GAM ES.

The two following interesting games were played at the Central Club. Nlanchester, between Messrs J Sunderland and J llynd, sen., thn well-known central experts. For the score an.l notes we are indebted to the "Evening ChronielP." "SINGLE; CORNER."

Biack—Mr. Plynd. Ben. White—Mr. Sunderland. 11-15 24-15 2 7 d-31-26 26-30 27-23 22-18 7-10 c-22-17 14-17 15-11 5 9 15-22 h-2?.-18 9-13 21-14 30-26 23-19 25-111 10 -1g 31-26 8-11 11— 7 15-24 B—IL 23-16 13-22 16— 7 t 2-23 28-19 29-25 12-19 26 -17 317 7 2 Drawn. 11-16 27-23 10-14 026-23 23-19 25-22 6-10 18— 9 17-22 32—?.7 16-20 23-16 5-14 23-18 19-15 alB -15 4 3 17-10 22-26 2 7 10-19 26-22 7-14 18-15 1— 5 (a) A good line for white (b) We prefer 23-19 here (e: Bea move at this stage (d) 28-24 would have sunplified matters

iej 28—!4 loses (f) 1-6, though stronger than move in text, only draws. 'DOUBLE CORNEft."_

Black—Mr. Sun&Wand. White-4r. Hynd, sen. 9-14 5 9 8-11 6 9 25-22 16-19 22-17 29-25 26-22 13— 6 2 7 3 8 11-15 7-10 3 8 2 9 10-16 632-28 25-22 27-24 31-26 26 -22 9 6 8-24 15-19 A - 6 11-16 24-27 15 —lB —l9 24-15 25-21 24-20 17-13 6 1 33-25 10-19 8-12 B—ll 27-31 18-23 22-29 23-16 17-13 27-23 13— 6 1— 6 21-17 12-19 9-14 19-24 31-27 23-27 Drawn. 17-10 32-27 28-19 18— 9 6-10 6 -15 4 8 15 - 24 27-25 27 —32 21-17 23-17 22-18 6 2 7 3 (a) Uuusual ; 2 -6 is the usual reply. (b) A very pretty draw.

The small diagram will enable our readers to understand the notation by which tht3 moves of the game are recorded. Black tc,upies the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus 11-15 indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so nu mbered.Black has the opening move and the rafts of fignres apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

FO

0

ASii

- fteat Rash, inflammation, itching, irritation, and chafing, undue or offensive perspiration, and many sanative uses, nothing is so cooling, purifying, and refreshing as a bath with CIITICURA SOAP, greatest of skin beautifiers and purest of toilet soaps, and gentle anointings with CIITICURAt the great skin cure and purest of emollients.

Sold everywhere. British depot: F. NEwnEnr & SONS. Lon. don. French depot: L. MIDI', Paris. Australian depot: lt. TOWNS Rz CO . Sydney. POTTEU. DOUG AND calm. COOP, E 07.2 Props., Boston. U. S. A.

- % % •• I',/;;A , z h I %/ ! git 7/ , 1//, / 4. • 4; '7/ /,74, rt r A vZ 1, V/! , ( ;/•A

[WIRTH]. Black to movs and win.

is 5 ,•111:;.:11-7.--; 8 1„. IrU = " er;:jECI:E3

-- ---- trPt,.... : ' ....... I( 1:,C• - ''' '4 , , ". ,' ....... 111 ° / . .1. . <d---- ', • -,,,- .• -, c i%V. IC fr 1 s \• \•_,l' :< ' ''' 7 . ~., • ' ' 7.7. '- ' I.c: * - ‘''' \ ---,7•-,..--,\•. ---..., ' - - " .. ' •-•;‘ c... .... . i ._ . _ , .......;13,,, ...........k... i ----- , ,fox ura...u. --,A,V , )_ •, .- kikAVEV-Arkil - . i i;„........: 1 •=it A O.'', ~ . ' ...Imo, um . . _ ... ..,.. • .., 1 . _ R (

===== 0002601_18991110_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC LIGHTING

Local Government Inquiry at the Town Hall. MR. GOUGH IN OPPOSITION.

Mej or-General DA.RLEY CR-ZIER. RE., conducted an inquiry in the Town Hale Werringtoe, on behalf of the Local Government Board in the /application of the Town Council for sanctien to borrow £44,966 for purposes of electrio lighting, and £9,336 for the provision of a ceetral sanitary depot, at Perr-streee Amongst those present were :—The Mayer (Alderman Wrieht), Alderman Faircleugh, Ceuncillers F. Monks, Smethuret, Bennett, Duncan, John Evans, Lee, Shaw Green, Mr. S. Gough (of the Retepayers' Association), with Mr. J. Lyon Wnittie (town clerk), Nit. A. H. Preece (elaetricel engineer), Mr. D tas (sanitary engimeer), Mr. F irhurat (tyireeeh treesiarer), Mr L iog- dirt (borough surveyor), Mr. Woodcock (assiatent oyez- seer). The Tows CLERK, in stating the case for the Corpora- tion, said the borough was incerperated in 1847. The population was up yards of 63,003, and the borough was the largest non-county borough in England. The subjeet of electric lighting had been under consileration for a lone time. The hasescron : LI the esses•able value £200,003 The BOROUGH TREA.SURER observed that at the present moment it was £205.133. The debts under the Sanitary Acts and Public Wattle Acts were £88,31.4. The Towx CLERK aaite the first committee to consider the siohject of electric lighting was appointed in N -mem- ber, 1896. The committee inspected install ateins at Chester and Llandudno, and in Seotemeer of 1898 Mr. Preece, of Westminster, was asivel to report upon a scheme. That report had been carefully considered and the result was this application. The site chosen was a very central one. The land was offered to the Corpora- tion in 1897. Tne price being 4 very reasonab'e one the Mayor secure -I it on behalf ot tee Corp oretien. The price paid was £452 per acre and there were five acres. That worked out at 1-i I. per square yard. Tne site ad-- joined the stone yard of the Corporation and the Saul tary depot. It was proposed t utilise 12,480 square yards for electric lighting purposes ani 3,065 far the sanitary depot. Mr. GOUGH asked if the order of the Board of Trade might not be read? The INSPECTOR said that Mr. Gough might read it if he wished. The TOWN CLERK said he had sent out 457 circulars asking intending users of electric light to state their re- quirements and 101 had been returned. The number of lights asked for was 4,627 and these had h-en taken as 16-candle power lamps. For lighting buildings belong- ing to the Corporation 1,074 were required, making a tote' of 6,001—16-candle power lamps or 12,002-8-candle 'power lames. The lamps were required in the tollowine streets :—t4ankee-street, 1,770 ; Bridge-street, gee ; Horseinadett-street, 177; Buttermarket-street, 324; Bold- street, 605 ; Wilson Patten-atreet, 562 ; Palmyra-square, 179; Market-place, 70; Winwick street, 30; Latcuferd, 560 ' • Howley, 400; Church-atreet, 190 ; Haydock-street, 25 ;Beweey-street, 300; total, 6,001. Seven arm con- sidering the question of electricity for motive power. Mr. Gotrox asked how many lamps were there to be in each street ? Mr. DEI.B : Twenty-seven arc lamps altogether. The INSPECTOR Row many lights have you included for the Corporation? The Toyer? ( LEEK said there would be a thousand eight-candle power for the lighting of the Corporation buildings. There would b 3 the street lighting besides that. Mr. GOUGH : De I understand that we are t) have 500 lamps lighted in our public streets ? The INSPECTOR : I think you had better come a little closer. I don't hear you vary well. Mr. GOUGH having taken a seat near the Inspector said he would like to know whether it was not a fact that in Liverpool and Manchester they had dispensed with some of the arc lamps because they were too ex- pensive and substituted for them incandescent The INSPECTOR said the question might be asked when Mr. Preece had given evidence. The Town. CLERK said the amount paid for the live acres was £2,260. Tne depot would occupy 3,065 square yards, and the electric station 12,480, leaving a surplus of 8,655. Thee had not decided what to do with the surplus land, bat they had in contemplation a public abbatoir. Mr. Genoa asked from whom the land was purcha•ed. The Tows Creme : Courtier Dutton's trustees. The INSPECTOR asked for the estimated revenue from the supply. Mr. PREECE said the revenue was estimated to be £3,758 from the public lighting. Those figures; were based on the consumption of electecity taken by 12,000 8-candle power lamps. The INSPECTOR: That will include the Corporation buildings. Mr. reerce : Yes. Continuing, he sail the amount was arrived at by the yearly average returns from onaer towns. The average inceme per lamp per annum was 7s. The accounts of all the electric lighting under- takings were published by the Board of Trade, and were printed in the electrical papers. He handed the Inspector a copy of "Lightning," giving in a list of towne showing an income varying from 4s 6 i to 131 per lamp. The INSPECTOR handed the paper to Mr. Gough. Mr. PREECE said there was also an income Irene the street lighting. That based on the present cost of gets would be about £3OO. That brought the gross income to a little over £4,000 a year. In a similar way he had based his working expenses on the table in "Lighthing," and he thought if he stated £1,900 a year that would he sufficient for that csaneumptinn of electricity. If the income did not come up to £4,000 it would mean that they had not produced so mucn electricity, and there- fore, the expenditure would be less. To the £1,900 they had to add the in`erest on the sinking fund on the loan,which would come to a little over £2,000. The INSPECTOR: What is the total amount of the loan? Mr. PREECE said it was nearly £45,000. The interest would be 5f ner c nat. That would allow 3 per cent. for interest and 2i per cent for repayment in 25 years. The BOROUGH TREASURER said they would be able to borrow at 21 per cent. for 25 years. During the last month he had negotiated a loan on that basis. Mr. Pnexcx (continuing his evidence) said that although he had included the total amount of interest, on the whets outhay of £45,000 in his estimate of expen- diture, the Corporation would not have actually borrowed all that amount in the first year, and the interest to be paid would therefore be less than he had stated. The INSPECTOR : Supposing you receive the sanction of the Local Government Board to this schema how long will it lea before you are able to supply electric light ? Mr. PREECE: We shall be ready on the Ist of July next year. The INSPECTOR: Can you get contracts fulfilled within that period ? Mr. PREECE : We have already let provisional con- tracts for the machinery and everything required. The contracts are to be completed by June next year. The INSPECTOR : De contractors keep up to their time ? Mr. PREECE : They do as a rule fairly well. The INSPECTOR Then you feel confident that within a year the scheme would be in work and the Corporation supplying electricity ? Mr. PREECE: I do. The scheme. I may gay, will sup- ply many more lights than I have included in my estimate. The Itaseectron : What will be the output of the plant you intend putting down ? Mr. PREECE: The machinery will be capable of sup- plying 20,000 8-candle-power lamps and the buildings themselves will be large emu& to hold sufficient plant for 40,000 lamps. Mr. PREECE then went into details as to the kind of Plant to be laid down, and explained plans relating to it. He also stated the amount of the contracts which have already been published. By Mr. GOUGH : Have you had any experience in this work in other towns P—Mr. Preece • Y e.

• Will you name one ?—Bristol, Dewsbury. Have you had any experience or knowledee of elec- trical works in Mauch. stn., Liverpool or Oldham ? No. _ .

Are you aware that in Manchester and Liverpool they ape clotemplating, if they have not already done so, the substitution (I incandescent gas lights for arc lamps ? I have no knowledge, but the amount of public lighting by arc lamps is very small in Livetplol. How many engines do you intend to put down at the Warrington electric station ?—Three. Do you think they will be sufficient for the work you contemplate, supposing there is a breakdown ?—Yes, there would be a larg3 spare engine to use In Case of emergency. The spare plant is 40 per cent of the whole.

Have von any knowledge of how many applicants there will be for electric light ?—That has already been given you by the Town Clerk. Tbe actual number of applications sent in response to the circular which was issued was 101. I have no personal knowledge of any of these. _

Do you estimate the income at £1,250 ?—No. I said £3,750 would he derived from the elec:ric lizht. I may state that the 457 circulars were only sent out about ten days or a fortnight ago, and it is poss,ble that in a few weeks we shall receive more application 4 for electricity. Po you think the Corporation will be able to produce electricity cheaper than gas P—l think it will compete successfully with gas ; Just as it is doing in Blackburn, Bury, Burnley, or Oldham. How much per unit do you intend to charge P—Five- pence. That will be the charge for the first year. We shall reduce it afterwards. Is it a fact that Manchester had to charge eizhtpence at the commencement ?—No, it is not a fact. They had a scale which varied from eizhtpence to threepence according to the amount required. Are they not charging sixpence at the prlsent time ? —No, they are charging an average rate of I. What does Manchester charge for motive power ? They charge lid per unit for motive power.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.

I saw an account in the newspapers that they were charging sixpence ?—Your account was wrong. I also saw that Liverpool had been forced to adopt incandescents in preference to arc Inmps ?—I am afraid You have bean reading gas journals too much. (Laughter.) There is too much gas here sometimes. (Laughter.) Do you think this is going to be a profitable under- aking 1,2 r :he ra-e;•ayers of Warrington ?—Yes I do. I my' add that tn tle estimate I have given of the income I hive not ricluded anything for a &mans'. for motive power. I thick in a town like Warrington a large amount of power will be taken up. The INSPECTOR : In Manchester there ia. Mr. PREECE : Yes and in ether Lancashire tewns there is a largn demand for electric power. Mr. GOUGE( (to Mr. Preece) : Don't you think it will interfere wito the demand for gas. You have already stated that you anticipa-e an iocome from the Corpora- tion f r the arc 140)09, and thea;i will take the place of gas lamps ?—I don't think the Gas Committee will feel that very much. The introduction of electric lighting has not yet been found to interfere with gas under- takings. In Llandudno the electric lighting has Gone on very rapidly but it haa Hot int.o-fered with the revenue of the gas works. Is it, cot a fact that there will be censiderable eXPORSO in repairing streets? I have allowed £BOO for it. Have you not heard of an explosion in the street at Manchester in which a gentleman was injured ?—Yes, I !Mimi there was one case. It was no doubt bid for the gentleman. We have taken precautions against any- thing of that kind in Warrington. Supposing the electric light failed to he a profitable undertaking is it possible to use the plant for electrical purpesea generally?—Yes everything is arranged so tnac the Corporation can supply electric light, motive power or use it for the purpose of e:ectric tramways. The INSPECTOR (to Mr. Go tgn) : Are yoa very much afraid it wof,'t turn out profitably for the ratepayer& Mr. G,II3OEC : From what I have read I don't think it will pay. Warrington is not like Blackpool or S outhport where electric light is used to a greater extent. Warring- ton is a poorer town.

Mr. PREECE : It is no worse than Oldham. The IsspEcroa : Looking at the rat able value of Warrington and the amount of the debt I should not call Warrington a poor town. I have not CMIIO across any place where the electric light has broulht any burden on the ratepayers. Of course he did not f.r, t everr place where it was adopted. He was speaking mlre particularly of places where he had hold inquirks. Nor tad he heard that gas had suffered. More was so much gas being used for cooktug purposes that it was making up for any loss which might b sus- tained as an illuminant in competition with electric

light. That at least was the information he had re- ceived, and he believed it was right m 'ra or leis. The details in connection with the erection of the sanitary depo-, were theo entered into, and exp'anations were given by Mr. Dean, Mr. Mitchell (assistant enQineer), and Mr. F. Monks. It was pointed out that the schsmo included the erection of to Beaman and Demi destructors, a tall chiEnney.stables &c. and a road- way leading to the tipping platform. Lt the conclus;on We INSPECTOR asked if anyone wished to address him. Tnere was n, answer and the inquiry was closed. The Inipec'-.er aftervraris paid a visit to the site of the proposed works.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. John's Presbyterian Church.

The Sunday school anniversary set vices were held in the above church 3n Sunday. The preaeher at the morning service was the Rev J. Warno'k, B D., and A t the evening service the pulpit was occuoiel by the Rev 11-)bert Grims-na of Lon z4ght, MancheJter. B )th ser- vices were well a'Aended and collecnons were taken in aid Gf the fuels ot the church and Sunday

===== 0002601_18991110_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The meetinz of this so.liety on Sanity afternoon was presided over by Mr. Crosskill who deli verad a brief addregs, and referred to the conferencei of P.S.A. workers. The speaker for the on”asion W,IS Mr. W. J. Adams, of Chorlton-lum-Hardy, Mine-tester. He b teed a very interesting oislourse on the text " Whit must I do to have Eter.itiaLife." ?tr. Golit ,orpo stn.! a solo entitled " Nizireth," Mr. W. H. Ptytart presided at the organ. Toe service was ttken part in by Mr. B. Farrar, and Mr. Wnetnall. There was a good attend- ance.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

Ti Rev. fl. G Roberts preached at the above church on Sunday morning and evening. Prior to the sermon in the mining the rev. gentleman addressed a few words to the children. In speaking of the bonfire at Eolaesus," he urged his young hearers to burn all their faults in a b mfire that morning. His sermon was taken from the words" In remerntrance of Me." In the even- ing, to a very large congregation, the rev. gentleman preached from the Eoistle of Paul to the Galatians i. 16 "Immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood." In the course of his remarks he said that S. Paul, who prosecuted the Church of God, buried his past life after he had becom s a Christian. H thought the most im- portant event in anyb)dy's life was his COR version, and he .could not do with a man who did not know whether he was himielf or another man. Mr. E. H. Pearce very creditably rendered a solo. The collections were in aid of the horse hire fund.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

A musical service in connection with the Men's Service was held in the above church an Sucday afternoon, when there was a larg. congregation. An excellent pro- gramme was rendered by the chair of Holy Trinity Church, who sang the anthem "The Lord is in His Holy Temple," the cnnrus " Gloria" from the 12-h Mass, and the Nunc Dimittis, by Burnett, very crelitably. Mr. C. H. Hoult. one of the choir, sang 'The Holy City," with good effect, and Mr. L. Aukland, also a member of the choir was heard to advanrage in " Nazareth." Mr. Fred Randall gave two violin solos. which were much enjoyed. Mr. E. H. Pearce, A.L.C.M., was in good voice, and rendered two difficult solos, "There is a green hilt" (Gounod) and " rhe trumpet shall sound" from the" Messiah." The service was concluded with a voluntary, " March-de-Joie," compo.nd by Mr. Percy Randall, ho presided at the organ. G•eat credit is due to Mr. Randall for the efficiency of his choir. A short aduress was delivered by the Rev. W. Bracecamp, on " How to be hanpy though--" He pointed out that true happiness did not mean free from sorrow and di- comfort, nor did it consist in mirth and !slighter. Rank and position, riches, living idle lives, and el.asure seek- ing did not bring true happiness, which was only brought about by the highest wants of their nature being satisfied. The only way they could find happiness was by going to the Lord Jesus Christ, and yielding them- selves hndy and spirit to Him. An offertory was taken on behalf of the Church Pastoral Aid Society.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
The Church Crisis.

The Rev. F. E. Powell, vicar of St. James' Church. Latchford, continued his course of sermons on the pre- sent " Church Crisis" en Sunday. His subject in the morning was " Is there a sacrifice in the holy com- munion 2' and at night" What is meant by s'acerdotal- ism ?" Speaking upon the last-named he saii The dread of Popery is not in itself uereasonable. If we felt that there was the remotest chance of a return of our church and country to the deadening and blighting conditions of Popery, no protest—so long at it was reasonable and dignified—could be considered too strong. We have only to look at the condition of the countries where Popery is still in vogue. Take the four leadine countries in Europe which are spiritually bound to the Papacy—France, Italy, Spain and Austria. Take the South American republics where Roman Catholicism is the chiA religious force. The moral and spiritual condition of these countries does not inspire us with any desire for Popery. Therefore as against the unlawful and unscriptural claims of the Bishop of Rome, as against the accretions to the Catholic faith which differentiate Romanism from Catholicism, we may and should be soundly Protestant. But we cannot give up that which can be hi-torically and theologically defined as Catholic because the uo- mess ming prejudices of extreme Protestantism choose to regard it as Popiat. If there are those who are unable to see the difference it is not our fault but their misfor- tune. The Bible, in both Old and Nsw Tes-aenent, teaches that every member of the Church of Gad is a priest to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God. If therefore all Christians are priests it is a little hard to exclude the officers of the Church and to say that they are not priests. The lay-priesthood and the ministerial priesthood differ not in that one offers sacrifices and the other does not,but that all are called to offer sacrifices to God—the clergy "in things pertaining to Go in it- ' ters of religion and az orship,the laity in matters of life. A man who says he want; no one to come between his soul and God should never read the Bible, for the Holy Ghost spake through the prophets, and translators and revisers and printers, and publisnere, and booksellers have come between his soul and God whenever he reads that timed Book for edifilation In both Church and State the powers that be, are ordained of God— exercising the authority which resides throneh Gad n the whole body of the State or of the Church. Of course if any should teach that there is no intercourse of the spirit of man with the Almighty Father without human ministry, such teaching cannot ba too strongly con- demned.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Boers and Mr. Gladstone.

Preaching in St. James' Church, on Sunday evening, the Rev. F. E. Powell, the vicar, said: I think it only right, s.min: that our minds and hearts are is o full of the war now being waged in South Africa, that some thing should be said in this pulpit concerning it. When my present course of sermons was arranged and announcr.d war had not been declared, and we in England hoped and prayed that a pacific settlement of the unhappy controversy which had arisen might be obtained. Unfortunately it was not to be. The quarrel is not 50 mucls about words or even deeds, but about feeling, and as to whether the Beer ideal or the English ideal shou'd prevail throughout South Africa. It is no false patriotism which has made us insist that the British ideal shall prevail. We believe it will be better for the whole of South Africa that its civilization and constitution should te based on English principles and methods, rather than on those of the Boers. There is of course much in the enemy to respect. The B )ers are frugal, thrifty, industri,us, and for the most part upright men. We know too that they are bravo and determined. But the demands made upon them by our Government have not been unreasonable. They practically amount to this : Treat the English in your country as we English treat the Dutch in ours. There is one point which it seems to me has not re- ceived the attention it meritP. To my mind the saddest 1 feature of this terrible strife is the failure of Mr Glad- stone's noble and magnanimous treatment of the Boers 1 after the battle of Majuba Hill. I have always thought that treatment—l think it still—one of the very noblest acts of statesmanship in the history of the human race. It was the attempt to deal as a nation with another nation on those Christian principals by which individuals are urged to treat individuals. The failure is deplorable for it will make it very difficult for another statesman of Mr Gladstone's moral calibre to act similarly again. By their conduct towards the English aftsr the generous consideration they had rec4v d 1.8 years ago, the Boers it JAMS to me have shown the world their contempt for a statesmanship which was based on Christian principl .. And this Barely is the most deplor- able, the very saddest feature of the whole sad business. In the meanwhile we may hope and pray that a better understanding will prevail, that Eaglish add Dutch hav- ing learned mutual resrect,will settle down as amicably as the British and French have done in Canada,and that a new era of peace and brotherhood may dawn on South Africa. And the heroic conduct of our brave eoldiers, officers and mon on the field of battle, and the splendid moral cour age—of greater value than even his great physical daring—of Sir George White—will, we trust, react upon our beloved country and sqmolate ira Iv al the same spirit of devotion to dur,y, of loy 1,1:y and patriotism, above all of self-sacrifice in all we believe to be high and true and good. Rev. E. R. Tarbuck on the War.

The Rev E B Tarbeck preaching .at St. Paul's Church. on Sunday evening, took for his text the words" 0 Israel, return unto the L thy God ; for thou bast fallen by thine iniquity. Take with you words, and turn to the Lord ; say *lntl Him, take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously ; so will WA render the calves of our lips. Asshur shall not save us ; we will not ride upon harsee ; neither will we say any more to the work of our hards, ye are our Gals; for in thee the fatherless findeth :nercy " Hosea xiv. verses 1, 2 and 3. The rev. gentleman, at the outset, remarked that in a time like this, when the English world was experiencing the gravest anxiety as to the wel- fare of a very large body of our represerrative soldiers, it might well be suitable that they should consider the value of prayer. In the Church's acheme of salvation prayer was e,sentially t Liking with Gil. ro use a military phrase, it ve.is an A4s•ntial part of tiat system by whi 1h the army in action kept in close touch with headquarters. Th a army in altion, the militant army, was constantly sending home word of its difficulties, de- feats, victories, needs of assistance in man, in feed, in guiiance, in weapons, &I. Lad a. in an ideal country, these communications from the fighting front received the greaCeet attention and the most praJtical and enemaraging replies from headquarters, so each army of the Church Militant, each suairen or Latta- lion, each troop or company, each private soldier re- ceived from and through the spiritual commander-in-thief all things nezessary to victory, except Viet which each

soldier was assumed to have when be enlisted, namely. spirit of determinatinn to conquer the foes of his commander, and even for the asking that spirit might be refined and hardened. The preaeher roterre.l to the disaster which betel Colenel Carleton's column at Nicholson's Nek on the 30th October and discussed several of the reasons which had been put forth. Now what was the reason that satisfied the English mind that someone had blundered ? It was just thia, Mat there was no keeplng open of the lines of communication. Na one seemed to have arranged for a troop of cavalry to go bet ween the bead quarters and the moving column—there was no communication with the head commander, Sir George White. Not only so, but the column se trled Co have been forgotten altogether,as far as one could see; and yesterday, in one of the public papers,a very clever critic sugges*.ed that if that column had carried with it a carrier pigeon in a short time another column could have been sent to Its support. We gave in at three o'clock when our ammunition was exhausted. Even an Engli,hman could not fight with- out ammunition. The column was is )latel,awav from its head quart.rs, dependent on itself,and it fell. No doubt later on full details of the terrible dislster would be supplied to the world that would not bring a blush of shame to Englishmen who would read that the struggle was a long and painful one, comrade after comrade f ail- ing by the side of thcse who would remain to tell the sad details. That was an incident that explained jest what he wanted to point out—the power and value ot prayer, the necessity of keeping open the line of com- munication between the soldiers of Christ at .the front and the great spiritual :Commander-in-chi,f at head- quarters. Our cause was, he contended, a just one, tending to justice, peace and prosperity, and that as they believed their cause was just they could consistently pray for success to their arms in the Transvaal. It was their privilege that night to show their practical gratitude to the army by contributing to tee support of the families left behind. The Vicar and wardens would decide through which channel the money should go, but they would so allocate their money, that the local claims came first, and of those the claim of the widow and fatherless should have the largest share.

The Congregational 20th Century Fund.

" The Coner-eeatioual Twentieth Century Fund : Its Reason' and its Obj-cts wee; the subject of a special discourse by the Rev. J. Yonge in Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-street, on Sunday evening. He stated that in the majority of C magregational Churches in the kingdom that day the subject of the 20:M Century Fund, in one way or another, was being considered. The inception of 20th Century Funds in connection with the various religious bodies was an evidence of the desire in Christian hearts to meet the requirements of the coming age in the spirit of Christian courage and enterprise. l'he honour of the first bugle call to this advance movement belonged, he believed, to the Wesleyan Church, which, largely at the suggestion of e conspicious layman had stepped forth with enthusiasm tc the tune of" A Million Guineas Fund." They were steadily progressing to the realisation of their scheme. l'he example thus given had operated upon other Christian leadies, so that there had since been s:arted 20th Century Funds, of varying arneunts, by several other of the Methodist bodies, by the Baptists, and by other churches. In the Congregational deaominatian, Dr. Guinness Rogers—the veteran stalwart of their cleurctres—had made it his latest and not least exacting work to inspire and inaueurate the 20:11 Century fund. His first idea was a quarter of a. million guineas. En- couraged by the reception it received, he speedily doubled the figure, and made it half a million. There were some who believed that, under the latest expansion of the plan, even the figure of the half million might be far exceeded. Certainly it was the case that, as this groat scheme had been made known to their churches in all parts of the Kingdom, small churches equally with Larger ones had accepted it with enthusiasm. It was true that they at Wycliffe stood committed to a very considerable scheme of their own. It had been found— and it was a good and healthy sign—that most churches were laden with schemes and committed to expenditures of special kinds. An idea, therefore, had been hit upon by which this twentieth century movement would take over these schemes, r, ckon them in its own fund, on the gear al understanding that churches thus affected should promise to contribute to the great central fund, five or ten per cent upon their expenditure upon the local object. Tani would enable them to complete the Rigby memorial, and also gain this fund and have at least a share in promot- ing the great objects which it contemplated. The reasons for the 20th Century Fund were supremely unselfish ; they were patriotic; they were Cnristian, and they were urgent. The first reason stated for their favourably considering the scheme was " We have had a century of unprecedented National prosperity." That fact admitted of no dispute. The 19th century for this country bad been a period of growing and even unrivalled prosperity. There had doubt- less been fluctuations ; there had even been times of great depression. There had been experiences and there were still social and industrial conditions that were to be lamented and deplored, huttany person who studied the condition of things in this country to-day and com- pared it with a century ago, could only be astonished at the tremendous advance in social, commercial, indus- trial and political achievement. No doubt there was a vast amount of soeial distress still existent , Pauperism and poverty still darkened our p opulatioas. , The contrast between West Ends and East Ends still re- mained a source of sorrow and in some senses perhaps , even a danger to the whole community. But who could I dispute the better state of such a society as that repre- sented at Wycliffe to-day, compared with what would have been their conditions a hundred years ago. They had greater social privileges, greater domestic enjoy- ments, larger persenal rights an 1 pesseesiona. Taey had better houses, more means, better clothes, better furni- ture, better hours of work, better opportunities for mental development, greater facilities tor recreation, more chance of commercial progress, more rights and libertieo fewer disabilities, fewer deprivals. The Kingiom:andEmpire ban developed by leaps and bounds and they had sharad in its advantages. Now, they needed to realize that to those to whom much was given, much was required and if a gracious Providence had put it within the present pessib lity of Congregational Churches to-day to do more than in the past for Christ and Christianity, through tbe possession of larger re- sourca,then it followed that their churches should show themselves as willing as they were able for the conse- cration and service that was required. A second lesson why their Congregational Churches should rally to that scheme was gratitude for the progress of civil and religious liberty which had marked the century now closing. The young people to-day had very little idea of the experiences of Nonconformists a hundred years ago. It was then, for example customary for dbseciters tope deemed the Party of Disloyalty ; traitors to the State and Destroyers of the Faith. Any excuse was good enough to attack them with vielence and to invent measure; of repression and persecution. Lip to the year UM, it was illegal for any person hold- ing judicial, civil or municipal office te attend a Noncon- formist place of worship wearing the gown or robe of office or with the insignia such as mace and sword belonging to the same. Sine.e that year, such proceedings might take place in any place of worship. He noted that simply because it would be b.fore them in actual illus- tration in a few days, and he noted it in no sense as being a triumph over the Establishment but inmply as an achievement of a public right and liberty which adorned the history of Free Churchiein in the century now c'osine. They ware living in a wonderful day. it was a time of deep interest in the religious world. Many things were happening. Some of them might be sugges- tive of anxiety, but more of them, he thought. were suggestive of hope. Men were as pronounced as ever upon their conscientioae beliefs. But they were becom- ing more charitable. With better knowledge of each other, they were getting to kimdlier sympathy and to more genial charity. To the thire reason, they could do little more than briefly point. It was however a remarkable fact that the closing century had been" one of unexampled religious acti- vity." That was true of all the churches. It had been the missionary century, and b .side that, the churches had been busy in home evangelisation. Every body of , Christians with hardly an exception, had developed arid increased. Not that they had kept equal pace with the increase of population. And not,alas,that the end of the century could record a triumphant capture of the popu- lation for Christ. Itedeed if the population were cap- tured for Christ in this country, the problem would be where to house them in the wale of the churches. Their " Warrington Examiner" had a paragraph, which he would quote. It said" It has bean ascertained that if all the inhabitants of the Britisn Isles were seized with a desire to attervi a place of worship, 25\ millions would be crowded out ! Taking the buildings beloneine to every denemina'ien there is only space to seat 15,000,000. The population is 40,000000 ; therefore if all wanted to attend worship, the accommodation would have to be three-fifths larger than it is at present." They as Con- greeationalists bad not been as expansive, as aggres- sive, as devoted as they (anent to be. Ceneregational- ism in Warrington ought, by this time to have taken much larger port in the welfare of the people than as yet had been the case. There should he a second or even a third Congregational Church in this neighbour- hood and the 20th century must see the achievement of this in its very early veers. The preacher then referred to the fifth reason" We must desire to begin the new century in the spirit of self-sacrifice, and with the de- termination to meet ins deepest needs," in which he stated that it must not he thought that this great saheme had been cosceived in any spirit of denomina- tional ambition, of ecclesiastical pride and self se 'king. He was confident that the inspiring motive had been to turn to best account the great occasion of the dawn of a nevr century. In conclusion the sneaker spoke of the objects of the fund, viz., for church and school exten- sion, missions in the Colonies and in foreian lands, ex- tension of crippling debts, Ruppert of poor struggling churches and pasfers in rural districts, founding of new churches in great centres, better suppert of colleges, schools and institu' iona. For the benefit of these the sch.me was to raise half a inillioa guineas between now and Aueust 1901.

F HER TO—RHEttid ATI-0 ANb PARALYTIC ' SUFFERERS, an Illustrated Book on the Pomplete horn Cure of these Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole. PLO., who regards the author as the highest authority. Send stamp for book to the VENO INSTITUTE, 18, DeroWithlre-street, Blan- chester.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEST OF ENGLAND WORTHY.

Characteristic Story, A " Special " in the " Bridport News " gives a ch4racteristic history of West County worthy. James Hawker, of Uploderr, Dorset. Engaged in farming,Mr. Hawker was seen at hia home, and racily answered the proposal to publish a part of his life-history. " Lor' bless you, sir. I mant everyone to know !" he said ; and it was an interesting story that the skilful reporter e/Cracted from him. -4 Like most agriculturists, Mr. Hawker had to have his grumble. Times were not over good ; the weather was trying ; he had not been very well, etther—" In fact, I used to be terribly bad, what with my rheumatism and bleeding at the nose ; oh, for eighte-n months or more, and not a week without it. But I've not had it now since the beginning of March." " Ah," said Mrs. Hawker from the corner, " Jim's another sort of a chap now. Be used to have the rheu- matism so bad he couldn't lift his arms or dress him- self." The story was fairly start-d now, and the re- porter had only to take it down in rapid shorthand. " Ay, that's right enough. 1 bad the rheumatism off and on, you know, Nr three or four year, and had to stop at home. Work ! how cauld a fellow work when you can't lift your arms up? But I did suffer, I can tell 'se" .

Mrs. Hawker again interrupts the conversation. "But, you know, sir, I sa w something in one ot the little books about rheumatism being cored by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and as poor Jim couldn't got anything to ease him. I thought he should try the Pills, as it said they were good for that. He'd tried nearly everything and beer doctoring for years." " Well, did he take them r "Take 'em ! Yes ; but I looked on it more as a joke than anything, and said to the miseis I'd ;like the box and all. " Ab, Jim laughed at me, but it turned out right. I used to have a job with him, and got anything I could. I got him some embrocation, but nothing did him any good, and I began to feel he never would ba right. I got anything I could, and it was a blessing I saw that little book about Dr. Williams' pink pills." "That's right enough, and you can't think how I feel about those pills. I felt easier after the first dose. I said. By love, miss's, I believe they're the thing for me now. for I seem looser about the shoulders already !' That was a day or two after I began taking 'em, and so I went on, and, would you believe it, when I had taken two boxes and a half I was as right and as well as ever I was. I'd been bad for years, and some mornings I couldn't heave my arms up to my head. I hardly knew myself when I got rid iaf the pain. The change the pills brought about was wonderful, and I tell everybody about it, because I think if folks knew more about 'em it would be better tor 'ens, and save a lot of pain and expense in doctoring." The mother hero said, "Ah, Jim, it wasn't only the rheumstism, but they stopped the nose-bleeding." Mrs. Hawker said that was so,as her husband couldn't stoop to chop a stick without his nose bleeding." "And you know, sir, she addad, "I got frightened about it, because I've heard it brings on fits. Besides, he was never safe anywhere, and it kept him so weak. If I have anything wrong with me I take some of Dr. Williams' pink pills, and they soon pull me together

again." It is upan such evidence as this that Dr. Williams' pink pills have built up their immense reputation. Merit alone has made them a household word: people have used them and told each other of their value. Conse- quently there is hardly a village and certainly not a town in England where inquiry will not bring to light some local celebrity who has become the talk of the ueighbouthood, thnugh being cured as if magic- ally by Dr. Williams' pink pills. Along with the severe cases cured (consumption, paralysis, chronic rheumatism, gout and so forth) go thousands cif milder Cases, where such ailments as erysipelas,scrofula, eczema, St. Vitus' dance, neuralgia, and an nia have bean cured, or wh,re weak. languid invalids have grow well and strong, thanks to Dr. William" pink pills. The only danger is that substitutes are sometimes pushed by unscruoulous shopkeepers. The genuine pills are safe, and are perfectly free frem all purgative effect. Sub- stitutes may be dangerous, and they have never been shown to cure anyone. T'ne way to avoid them is to deal with honest tradesmen who do nit try ti sell you sub- stitutes ; to ask carefully for Dr. Williams pink pills for pale people, and take care to see that all these words are printed on the wrapper of the pills ; to take no notice of anything that may be said about substitutes beine " as good " or " the same" as Dr. Williams' (which is wickedly untrue); and if there is any doubt, seed direct to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct. London, enclosing the prica—two and ninepence for one box ; thirteen and nine for six boxes.

WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT. FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway. Re HERBERT HOWLING EZARD--This debtor appeared for a further examination in bankruptcy. Mr. Forshaw appeared on behalf of Mr. Henshall. one of the creditors and Mr. F R Roberts represented the debtor.—The assistant Official Receiver said the debtor had filed accounts and everything appeared to be in circler. Re proposed to close the examina.tion.—ln answer to Mr. Be3dbury,the debtor said Mr. Tnorntnn had got the keys and padlocks of property at Fearnhewt. Re WALTER COLLIER.—This debtor was further ex- amined.—Mr. Unsworth appeared on behalf of the trustees.—Mr. Potter (assistant official receiver) said the debtor had bien preparing some accounts and had sent in a summery. Thera were certain mistakes in the accounts and they would have to be corrected, and the examination adjeurned until December for that purpose. —The debtor said that in the main he believed the accounts were fairly correct.—The Ass's'ant Official Re- ceiver said that was so and he believed Mr Collier had done his beet to prepare a correct statement.—Ur Collier pointed out that be was not receiving any remuneration and had no means of sustenance whilst he was engaged on this work of preparing statements.—Cress-ex4 mined by Mr Unsworth, the debtor stated that his reason for Rot giving up a gold watch and chain was that they were bought from the auctioneer by Mrs Collier when she porch asfd the furniture and fixtures.—The examin- atien was adjourned until December let. Re SAM IJEL STARK EY.—ThiS debtor also appeared for a further ega.mination.—Mr L. Harris, of Altrincham, represented the debtor, and Mr. Buckton (GrEenall and Buckton) anpeared for a petitioning creditor —The Atisistant Official Receiver said he was satitified with the statenunt which had been supplied.—The examination was (dosed.

TO THE DEAF.—A gentleman who cured himself e` Deafness end Noises in the Head after fourteen years suffer log will gladly send full particulars of the remedy, on receip f slam ped addressed envelope . F. CLIFTON, Amberle House, Strand, London, W.C.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
* * * * **Ar,-*-*,*-4C-Ar * *

===== 0002601_18991110_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
***)****

EL TELLS THE PRICE.

* *

* *

Ship Canal Comp any was laid before the last meeting of the Joint Committee stating that,notwithstanding costly dredging operations, large deposits of sludge had accu- mulated in the docks at Salford, and the matter was referred to your Sub-committee to report. As careful investigation has been required, and is not yet complete, your Sub-committee have deferred reporting upon the subject until their next meeting. They therefore recom- mend that this c-urse be approved, and that the Ship Canal Company be informed that the question is rec2iv- ing careful attention, the result of wnich will be com- municated to them." Sir Henry ROSCO 3 sail the investi- gation was procee iine, and he hoped by the next meet- lag to be able to report more fully. With regard to the complaints thet had been mentioued, no doubt the con- dition of the Sell) Canal was tar from satisfactory in spite of the fact that the condition of the rivers feeding the canal had greatly improved since 1891. At the latter date the untreated sewage of One and a half million per- sons passed int) the rivers of the Mersey and Irwell watershed, while at the present time the popu- latian which sent untreated sewage into the streams was only 200,000. A proportionate improve-. meat had likewise occurred in regard to the refuse poured into the streams. A sub-committee wee appointed to coesialer and report upon toe question of extending to county councils and rivers boards through- out the country practically the provisions and powers or such of them as might be considered advisable of the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee Act, 1892, and the West Riding of Yorkshire Rivers Act, 1894.—Dr. Hewitt expressed a hooe than in any future leeislation on the subj-,ct of river pollution provision would be made for a reaseneWe minimum penalty. Tnere had been times in the past when the Committee had incurred great ex- pense and labour and the magistrates sitting as judges bad imposed ridiculously small fines. This ought not to be, and he suggested that instead of letting local magis- trates adjudicate upon the offences of their immediate friends and neighbours a nearer appnach to justice would bOtiecured if magistrates from the towns situated lower doVn the stream were to judge the nature and quality of the offence of peeple living higher up the waterway.

~ \\e\\ \\„ \ if„i(frir(01(1(11- ' '' '.. : :,: \ I\3•\ \\'\ i:41,::: v, ..k\\ x . \ ( co-J-1- ,\\;•-0,,-„ez.e,\''• ais6,37o' e \\, ,\\ , ,tv.., ------------...... * * THE LAB, * * * *-111("*'** **

===== 0002601_18991110_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

NUISANCE AT FIDDLER'S FERRY.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednes- day afternoon, Mr. Joshua Ball presiding:. There were also present :—Messrs J W Knowles, T Halton,W Brooks, W Houghton. B Forshaw, LI Thornton, J Johnson, F Kerfoot (inspector), J Thompson (surveyor), Dr Sephton (medical officer), J C Suton (clerk) aril S Sutton (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_18991110_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
AGRICULTURAL RATES ACT.

The CLERK reported tnat he had receives a letter dated October 11th, from the Lacal Government Board saying that £239 73 101 had that thy been paid ta tan treasurer nf the couacil as one of the half-yearly instal- ments of their share of the grant under the Agricultural Rates Act. 1896

===== 0002601_18991110_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NUISANCE AT FIDDLER'S FERRY.

The CLERK read a letter which he had received from Mr. Ethelbert Foster, clerk of the Penketh Parish Coun- cil, stating that at a meeting of the Ceuncil on the 26th Octooer, a resolution was passed to the effect that a nuisance existed at Fiddler's Ferry owing to manure lying there a very considerable time, and was detrimental to health. Tae Rural District Council was requested to take immediate steps to have it abated, or they (the Parish Council) vinuld have to appeal to the Local Government Board. Mr. Dignurn also wrote a very strong letter on the subject. Mr. HOUGHT3N suggested that the Parish Council write to the Local G wernmmt Board to decide what was to be done. So long as manure was produced and required it ought to be removed. Mr. KNOWLES thought that if they did not allow the farmers to have the manure the cause of agriculture would be effected. Mr. HOUGHTON : I Should let,theM write to the 14-:csl Government Board.

Mr. frumtsTox asked if dal nuisanc3 Wl3 caused by the manure standing ther too long.

Dr. SENITON : That is 80.

Inspector KECRFOuT said he had reported on the matter from time to time. The smell only arose at Fiddler's Ferry when the wind was blowing from the south east. A. fortnight ago the wind was blowing from that quarter. Mr. KNOWLES did not think it would be rieht to stop people wno wanted to carry on the just cause of agricul- ture from having a bit of manure. Toe CLERK read a letter from Mr. John Dignum which ' sated that he wished to emphasise the resolution of the Parish Council re the m to.ere heap at Fiddler's Ferry. The nuisance was becoming simply intolerable and there were complaints from all CrianerS and from ail classes of people. Workinemen had been unable to take their meals and he coul i readily understand this. His hoese was further from the manure than where the men worked by tea minutes walk, and at times the stench was intolerable. There was no reason why the manure should be deposited so long before it was required and it was rather singular that Penketh should be made a kind of dumping ground for other districts. 'Lie Pari Co:m- elt were decided in the course they woild follow. Dr. SEPaToN real a letter he had received from Mr. Shaw and the Lendoe and North-Western Railway Com- pany, who enclosed a letter from the stacioe master at Fid iler's Ferry complainirag of the nuisance arising from the deposit of manure. The stench at Vines was intolerable, making not only himself and family sick, but also the passenors on the station. He (Ur. Snaw), hi-id visited the place' with the lespector to the Couacil, and load found a large quantity of manure lying there. He was t old that the quay was used as a depot and that during the summer months when manure was not in demand it was Allowed to tern Lin there till it could be disposed of. The only way to deal with the nuisance : was to make a bve-law for the speedy removal of the manure. Dr. Sephten said he was told that the manure Was brought there at a small cost and it Was used by farmers of FArnworth aid the neighbourhood. Ia the summer montOs they actually gave it to farmers to cart away. It it was allowed to remain there so long it was almost certain to cause disease. It was foreign m taurc.

Mr. Kriowtacs said hl pqq4 heaps ot American manure many a time, and when it had been stacked ho ventured to sty he could sic on the top and eit his dinner.

Mr. HOUGHTON said that it they let the manure alone there would b 3 n nuiiance bat it was the remwa's that caused it. _ _ . . _ _

Dr. SEPHTON said that it was w'ltn thsy alio wmcl it to remain that there was a smell. Mr. KNowurs thought it was a case of soperstition with Mr. Dignum. Dr. SEPHTON : The workingmen at tho Tannery can- not eat their dinner.

Mr. Kriowtms : The manure is lint in it compared with a tannery. We are not pin; t) humbug the whole farming industry. Mf.EIOUGHTON muved that the letter lie on th• table. Mr. IlsowLms secluded and th mltiou was carried.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REP IRT.

Dr. SEPHTON rcp)rted that during the mhnth there had been twenty-one births ani twelve deatiss, the excess of births ever deaths being 19. Daring the molth the f )1- lowing noses of infectious diseasehad been nported : Typhoid fever, one case; scarlet fsver,one case; erysipe- las, one case.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Iig&LTH ON 'MR DISTRICT.

Mr. S. Surrow read the report of Dr. Sergeant, the county mAical nfficer of tvalth on the Warrington dis- trict for 1898, which stated that the birtn rate was 275 and the death rate 13 7. The birth rate differed only fractionally from that recorded in the previous year, while the death rate showed a rnduction of 06. The zyrnotic rate corresponded closely with the rate for 1897. Scarlet fever was introduced into the district in January and extended in the direcion of Croft in May, and Mar- tinscroft in November. fyphoid fever gave rise to five cases and three deaths. Diarrhea.' was rather more pre- valenr, than usual and can -ied twelve deaths. There was au arrangement with Warrington Corporation for the re- ception of the infectious c ts-s into their hospital, and during the year two Cases of scare; and one of typhoid fever was adinited for the district. This was all the business of p iblic interer.

POLLUTION OF THE SHIP CANAL. Complaint from the Vicar of Thelwall. A meeting of the Mersey an I Irwell Joipt Com- mittee was held on Monday at the offices of the Committee in Mosley-street, Manchester, Sir J. T. Hibbert presiding, Mr. Harcourt E. Clare, clerk to the County Council of Lancashire, was appointed clerk to the committee at a salary of .£6OO per annum subject to the conditions of the late Mr. Hulton's engagement; It was stated that complaints had been made concerning the objectionable odours coming from the Ship Canal. On this point the Chief Inspector reported as follows :—" That these complaints are fully justified there can be no doubt, as the coadition of the river and the canal during the dry weather of the past summer has been very bad. As the Committee are aware, there is still a considerable amount of raw sewage discharged into both the Irwell and Mersey, in ad- dition to which the effluent discharged by other authorities who only partially treat their sewage contribute largely to the nuisance. It it of the utmost importance that these authorities should com- plete their works, as, until they turn into the riv:.rs and Ship Canal, efßueres wnich will not purely, the condi- tion of the canal during dry and hut summers will con- tinue to cause a serious nuisance." A complaint had been received from the Vicar of The-- wall (the Rev. T. P. Williamson), who wrote with refer- ence to the Ship Canal :—" In summer time the nuis- ance is almost unbearable—especially when a passing vessel disturbs the sewage—and must bs very unhealthy. Often during the hot summer months windows and doors must be kept closed to exclude as much as possible of the sickening rffliviutn, and esenees and disinfect- ants sprmitled freety to di•guise it. My church stands some two hundred yards from the banks. Fr questly it is filled with the horrible re,k to the great discsinlorG and disgust of the conregation. Owners of and, aad the owners and occupants of many good houses, which the parish contains find the value of their property very seriously dirninishei. . . . In the winter nsturally the tr,luble is somewhat abated, but we look forward I with dread to another summer like the lest In the report of th- Consulting Suh-committre the following ap2.mred :- -" A letter from tne Manchester

===== 0002601_18991110_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATAL SHUNTING ACCIDENT AT SANKEY.

Inquest and Verdict. Mr. S. Briehous-., county c)roaer, neet an invest at the Warrington Police Station on Saturday toucning the death of John Cawley, 38 years of age, who died on the way to the Infirmary oe Thursday night. Deceased was in the employ of Messrs. Clare and Rideway, slate and lime merchants, an i at 6.15 on Thursday he and another man named Manning were engaged in sheeting a waggon on the siding. Daceas d had fastened the lass rope and was stepping away, when another waggon shunted up and he was crushed between the buffers.— Mr. W. J. Forahaw appeared ter Messra. Clare and Ridg- way, and Mr. Bland for the L. and N.-W. Railway Com- pany.—The first witness was Elizabeth Cawley. She said that deceased was her husband and resided in Heod-lane, Sankey. lie was a general labourer in the employ of Messrs. Clare and Ridgway and was thirty-eight years of age last birth- day. William Manning, 6, Clare-street, Sankey Bridges, a carter in the employ of M scare. Clare and Ridgway re- lated the circumstances of the accident. Before he and deceased commenced to load the waggon he was perfectly satisfied in his own mind that at the time of the. accident all the shunting hei been done for the day. —By Mr. Forshaw ; They were both loading cement.— By Mr. Bland ; It was daylight when the accident occurred. Further questionee, he said it was "going dusk a little." No signal or warning was given. I Mr. Bland said th ac the shunting had not finished at the time of the accident. Toe Railway Company were on private premises and it was for Messrs. Clare and Ridgway to look after the safety of their men. The Coroner said it eyes the duty of the London and North Western Railway to see that the shunting was per- forea.d with safety to the men at work. Mr. Bland: We did what was necessary under the circumstances. We had previoeslv received instructions to shunt, and Messrs. Clare and Ridgway had full notice of the shunting. Thomas Whelan. in the employ. of the Mersey White Lead Company, said a signal ef warning might have bees given. ha: he di I not hear it. William Henry Brady, Cumberland-otreet. Latchford, in the employ of the London and North Western tied- way Company as a brake= an, said that shunting was commenced at 4-25. There were then three waggons in Clare and Ridgwas'a siding, and they were separate and he had to couple them up sad take them out. Witness deleribed the method of ahunting. H shouted "Are you all clear there ? He always did so when in a strange siding. The engine gave one whittle, and earns in at a slow pace. • He only spoke to the deceased once, and that was during a heavy shower of rain,whea they were sheltering. He never told the deceased that shunting operations had finished for the day.—By Mr. Fovhaw : They had been shunting for abut an hour and there was an interval of twenty minutes before the accident occurred.—By Mr. Bland : He would do no shunting without Clare and Ridgway's sanction. Inter- vals in tho shunting had occurred before. Be had had incasien to complain of a number of rasa in the service of Messes. Clare and Ridgway keeping at their work while shunting was going on. He had been unnerved on more than one occasion by it. He had complained to Mr. Ritlway &bent the matter.—By the Coroner : He was not aware the deceased was between the waggons at the time of the accident. The Foreman and several of the jury expressrd the opinion that the constructioa of the yard was such that a shout would not be heard. In answer t a juryman witness said he did not pre. some anyone was at work when he shouted. The Coroner said he was quite satisfied that there had been no criminal negligence on the part of anyone. Mr. Forshaw ; lam also quite satisfied that there was no such negligence. The Coroner : It is only a question of 'civil liability between Clare and Ridgway and the deceased's rela- tives,and I am not going to thrash that out in this Court. I don't think you (the jory) ought to burden the issue of another court by expressing an opinion about it, and if you do it is not made use of in the other courts. The jury after consultation returned a verdict of ("Accidental death."

The Coroner : Th it does not say there is no one to blamo from a civil point of view. It does not relieve anyone from civil liability. It only means that the case is devoid of criminal responsibility. Mr. Bland : I perfectly understand that. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Accident at Wilderspool Brewery.

About twelve o'clock on Monday morning, a man named William Owen, of Old London-road, Stockton Heath, was working on a hoist at the Wilderspool Brewery when he fell to the ground, a distance of about 26, feet. He was brough-, to the Warrington Infirmary where he was found to be suffering from general bruises about the body.

TEN THOUSAND POLICYHOLDERS AT THE FRONT.—AI though those who have given any thought to the sub- ject would expect to find a fair proportion ot the soldiers of the Queen included in ths ranks of the policyholders of the Prudential Assurance Company, it is astonishing in the highest degree to learn that in a very short time now no less than 10,000 of the Company's clients be facing the enemy. The extra risk on this imtneuse body —an army in It-4elf—is very real, as is evidniced by the fact that the Directors have already paid claims sport the lives of soldiers who fell at Glencoe and Elandslaagta Nevertheless, actuated by sentiments which will be apo preciated [la 0:ily by those who are doing toe fighting, but much more so by the dependents and relatives at home, the Directors have decided not to impose any ad. ditional premium for war risk in the case of industrial policyholders at tie, front. The generosity of the Directors does not stop here. It appears that tnauv of the Company's agents liave been called out wt h the reserves, and arragagements have been made to hold their positions open to theau on their return, and to allow half their salaries to their wives whiCe they are away on duty with their regiments. These concessions will. we take it, be generally approved of, and no doubt the good exampl thus set will be speedily followed in other guarters.—" Commercial Waxld."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Tk-gE NAME PROVES THE VALUE,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt eranliner freres

OILANOLSNIK AND CHEEINIRVI COUNTY NE WSPYPESII: Comprises

THE lVarriryton and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Uabed every Saturday morning. THE Earles.rown and Wewton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning. THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning'

===== 0002601_18991110_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVIIRTISEMERTB.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUA.TIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, ElPzonao ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRITATE CONTRACT

===== 0002601_18991110_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOIIIi WANTS.

HAINES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLD. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 O. ... Is 19d 3. 04 36 45 I. 6d ... 3s 84 ... 61 Od

===== 0002601_18991110_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Pninvgtft berbantls. kr.

WANTED, respectable GIRL, about 16.-124, CHOELTON- ROAD, Manchester.

WANTBD SITUATION as assistant gardener, age 26.—T. SLATER, Rose Cottage, Aberford. Leeds.

NkrANTED. a GBNERAL SERVANT, rood character.— Mn. laviNG. 1, Heeketh street, Southport.

WANTBD at once. GBNERAL, goad wages giyen.—Apply Mrs. P. EDWARDS. Bersham Smithy, Wrexham.

NVANTED, GIRL as GRNERIAL ; aze about !O; two in family.-11 NELEON-STRE&T, C.-on-M., Manchester.

ANTBD, GINBRAL SURV&NT. at once.-2. PEEIs- TV off Station-road, Fendlebury, near Man- chester.

WANTED, i strong GIRL about 20. to live in.—Apply, MASSEY, Pork Butcher, Oldham-road, Miles Platting Manchester.

GERMAN WANTS SITUATION as single-handed Laundress. Wages £2O, age 32.—C.M., 7, Promenade, Southport.

WANTBD, young GIRL, 16, assist In lim.asework ;no washing.—N, CRESSWELL GnovE, West Didsbury,

Manchester,

WANTED, strong. respeetab:e GIRL as GENERAL in private family ; aged 16 to 20,-73, VICTORIA-ROAD, New Brighton.

Q— ROOM seeks situation under A COACHMAN or HELPER, Age 22, Good Charactor.—A . HEATH, Heston, Chashire.

WANTBD GBNBRAL. for family ; cook and key ; £l4 to £l6; if wash £lB.—Apply 33, HENRIETrI -3T., Old Trafford, Manchester. ____

NkTANTED on December it a good MINERAL, able to wash, for family of three.—Mrs. KENYON, Wilders- eol-Toad, Warrington.

WANTED, GENERAL, experienced, good wages and comfortable home. 9, CHATSWoRTH-V, Chcrlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED for Southport superior GENERALS, must have good references.—Mrs. TURNER, Servants' Agency, 48, 'often-street, Southport.

N-VANTBD, good GENERAL SERVANT, one able to wash.—Apply Miss SMALLEY. Stone Hill Farm, Grindleton, near Clitheroe.

-W ANTED. young GENERAL. about 16; another kept, good aharacter. Three in family.-396, THE CLIFF Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED, experienced GENERAL, threl in family, good wages, age twenty to twenty-three.—WAßE, 'The Nook. Cabe-road. iff,ylake.

NAT ANTBD at onc.,strong respectable GIRL as GRNRRAL T Sarrant ; good wages to a suitable person.—Apply 17, ABH-STREET, Southport.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL; for housework; small wash ; good home ; 45.; references.—Mrs. G. 26, Bland-street, Brooks Bar, Manchester.

DISENGAGED, superior NURSE. three years references; take charge one or two children; no washing.-48, SEFTON-STREET, Southport.

NVANTED, good General SBKVANT, also Younv GIRL as Housemaid —Anply Mrs. MORRIS, Knight's House. 17pholland via Appley Bridge, Wigan.

WANTED, GENERAL ; one valuing good home pre- ferred. Lady in business, must be thoroughly trust- worthy.-2C. WATEBLoo-ROAD, Waterloo,

WANTED; good COOK-GENERAL. on lnth November for small family, housemaid. kept; £l9.—Apply by letter to Mrs. WALlcan. Como Terrace, Rochdale.

WANTED at once, superior GIRL for small family ; most comfortable homo ; reference rcquited.— FENToN, Woodleigh-terrace, Heywood, Lancashire. WANTED, strong country GIRL, at once; age 18; refer- ence required ; wages £lo.—Mrs. BUCKLEY, Upper wood House, Greenfield. near Oldham.

WANTED. respectable GIRL, with good reference ; family two; small wetkly wash; comfortable home. —BABY LODGE, Burlington-road, Southport.

—— - WANTED. by 20th inst. a respectable GIRL as GENERAL ; plain cooking; good character indis- pensable.— 12. STRamimonE-noen, Newbham Park, Liverpool. ---- --

WANTBD. young COOK-GBNBHAL, who can wash and Iron, good character. housemaid kept.—Apply any afternoon or evening: 11, CONYERS AVENUE, Birkdale, Southport.

• GhNTLEMAN recommends his GROOM. COACHMAN, experienced, married, age 39, good driver, single or double, 3-k year's good raferenoe—Address, 8, GREENFLELD- ROAD, Scarborough.

wANTED, immediately, COOK-EIHNERAL ; 20 to 25; two in family; housemaid kept; part washing put out. References required; good character essential.— Mn. STORRS, 22, Scarisbrick New-road, Southport.

IV ANTED, HOUSEMAID, single-handed; able to wait— or Housemald-Waltress', must be good needlewornan. Parlourmald kept.—Address Mrs. GRIFFITHS, Brynaben, Abergele, North Wales.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES INWTITUTION, 70, Hops- street, Ltverpool.--Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegriPll.--•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

WANTBD. good plain COOK-GENBRAL; able to manage a small dairy ; also a House Parlourmaid ; ages not less than 28 preferred.—Address, stating wages require3,and references, to Mrs. GORDON, Chetwynd Rectory, Newport,

- WANTBD, smart, steady young man as GRNERAL MILLICH for provender mill ;must be good stone dresser, &o.—State age references, and wages required to T. INEARIZON, SON. AND Co, Corm Millers and Merchants, Dawber-street, Wigan.

EADE'S PILLS. EADIVEI pus. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'aould immediately EAD3'S pus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE 8 pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in tte yes Y EADE'S pus. worstcases. These Pill are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in

their action. ' INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM. RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-erescent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. IsHEUM A T I Ei M "Dear Sir,—lt is with unilounded ri, pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT ptaiee of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RII E U 1.1 ATI S M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course t 1 OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated A 3 me down almost to a skeleton. RHBi;M AT IS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourrills. I did so, andsam quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM ray being laid up again. Ever since, when I have teal the least GOUT pain I have ta.keu 2 more Pill. • and I have been all right again RH EUIIA T I S M directly. I WOULD NOT Bib WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUM A T I S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you Lilo) of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased ri.. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RII E U MAT M me (enclosing stamped address) Ling you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTALN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d or sent post free for Postal Orier by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-LOAD. V.O. Ask fcr and be sure you obtain "gADH'S GOUT AND ARE u ATIC PILLS. T,-, r4ADit S PILLS

ENVELOPES

2s. PER 11000.

Zlllantib.

CAMPENTERS WANTIM 70. to 80. per hour.—Apply MORRISON & MASON, Limited. Contractors, Ludlow.

Zo be tet.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH. REMEDY.

THE R A PION This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospital 3 by Ricorrl Rostan. Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed For impurity of the blood, spots, Llotches, p.ine and swell- logs of the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, pains in the back. rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, eleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different tomes Noe. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particular send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MB. P. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQLTABS, LONDON, W.C.

GMEAT DANE PUPS. by Tyro; 4 Dogs. 2 Bitches, cheap —F. KNOWLES, 318, Ainsworth-lane, Bolton.

F— IRE WOOD is. per bag, resin pieces also fire lighters.— Wm. BEBWICK 21. Buttermarket-street, Warrington.

A. THOMPSON, ESTATE, HOUSE,

AND INSURANCE AGENT. 100, BEWSEY-VAD, WARRINGTON. PROPERIYIitiIiT AND SOLD.

REASONA.BLE TERMS.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
NION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. ac.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable 6s. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ 01 £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHAkiD DAVIES, Manager.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
OVERSTRUNG Upright Grand PIANOFORTE, by Haake, new last December, cost late owner 75 guineas. 29 GUINEAS (second-hand) high-class upright Iron Grand PIANOFORTE, by that unequalled maker. Haake, of Hanover, magnificent overstrung check action", full trichord brass pt u plate, marqueterie panel, surmounted with very massive pair of sconces ; fine powerful tone ; elastic touch and all known Improvements ; as perfect as new ; tuned and delivered free ; a stamped warranty for 35 years, entire satisfaction. Our tempting offer. Call at 57, Brunswick-road.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
COOPER AND CO's CELEBRATED SAUSAGES. CELEBRATED SAUSAGES.

DELICIOUS AND APPETIZING.

UNEQUALLED FOR FhAVOUR AND QUALITY.

GUARANTEED THE INEST SA.USAGES

PROCURABLE. W INDSOR OXFORD 7D. VAMBRIDGE SLICING OMATO SD.

FRESH SUPPLIES EVERY MORNING.

LOCAL BRANCH, 4, BUTTER M A.RKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
WHATEVER may be the views we The Country's Generosity. hold about the war, we must all

- admire the generous way in which the country is coming forward to relieve the im- mediate wants of the direct sufferers by operations in the field. There has been nothing like it be- fore. During the Crimean War no effort was made to provide money for the wives and families of the soldiers, who had been killed or taken pri- soners. It was not until the war was over that the Patriotic Fund was set going in every part of the country,and even then the response was hardly so general and so enthusiastic as it promises to be now. There are many reasons to account for the change. The events of the war were not followed so closely, because telegraphed despatches were impossible, and Dr. Russell's letters to. the "Times "only came at intervals, and did not even then reach all classes, as present messages are do- ing. There were no Reservists in those days, fall- ing back into civil employment and marrying, hardly expecting to be called up again to serve with their regiments. The country was not so prosperous, the causes of the war were not so intelligible, and martial spirit had not been so developed, by volunteering and the like.. It is quite pleasant to think that we can afford to be generous, in spite of political differences, and that we have reached the sensible conclusion that we must not leave everything to the tender mercies of the Government. The money which is being subscribed is mainly to prevent the wives and families of dead soldiers from going on the parish. It is lamentable to think that this has often had to be the case in times past. It might be so even now, when the Government is disposed to be more liberal-banded, were it not for private benevolence. However, there will be little neces- sity for anything of the kind just now. Ample funds are coming in, and if there are local com- mittees in regimental districts there is no reason why there should not be early and efficient relief It appears that it is quite within the province of Boards of Guardians to contribute to such funds, with the sanction of the Local Government Board. There is no case on record of such sanction being asked for,:but in the cases where men have been taken prisoners from one district, leaving their wives and families without help—because no pay is received until the captivity is over—the Guardians might very well make a donation to any local fund. The recipients of money from such a fund would not be pauperised. We are much averse to creating paupers of persons who have been affected by Imperial policy, and now the way out of the difficulty is so clear it ought to be taken firmly and promptly. The French people must be struck by the timeliness with which the generous people of the country have taken up the "wives and families 'S question. Large employers of labour and large boiios of working-men are giving according to their means for the relief of sufferers. The contributions in aid of the wounded in the war will be very helpful, and they promise to be very considerable. All wars are horrible, and wars between white men are especially des- tructive and terrible. But we can do much to lessen the suffering. Armies in the field do not burn aa..d ravage as in the bad old days, and the stay-at-homes, who have doubts about the war, and who distribute their hla.me for it with no fal- tering hand, can still contribute of their means to lessen the suffering, misery, and destitution which follow in its wake.

THE visit of the CZAR te the

At Potsdam. _ laisEß, at Potsdam this week cannot be passed over as an event of purely personal courtesy. It is of some importance in the general European situation. The old friend- ship between the two countries has never been wholly forgotten, though there have been some breaks and a little commercial estrangement of a temporary character. The Russians are apt at times to concentrate Cossacks on the German border without meaning anything by the operation. It is part of the scheme of military evolutions which Russia engages in every now and then. Similar concentrations have taken place on the Austrian border without having any threatening significance. The KAISER and the CzA.n cannot do better than clearly understand each other, in Eastern as well as in Western European affairs. They pursued a common policy for a time in Armenian, Cretan, and Greek affairs, though their aims were not always intelligible to outsiders. Probably they have an agreement, or will be able to establish one, about Asia Min or and Turkey in Europe. It is said that there is an understanding between Germany and England about Asia Minor, which gives to the former some religious, if not ulterior and territorial, advantages. It may be that the two potentates discussed these matters this week amd came to an agreement about them. Germany has been reorganising and improving the Turkish Army, and we saw some of the results in the war in Thessaly. It is not clear that these proceed-

ings were necessarily hostile to Russia, Events appear to show that until a more convenient sea- son there has been an abandonment of the desire to occupy Constantineple and to make of Turkey a Russian province. If it were not so we do not :Ice how Russia could have looked on complacently, as it is clear she has done, whilst her old foes were being armed with modern weapons and instructed in the art of war by German officers. Hence there may be little to discuss bearing upon Eastern Europe, or it may be deferred until the gathering at Skierniewice. But in Western politics there must be many things the two Emperors may use- fully review. Events in France do not favourably impress the cool observer, and the Russo-Yrench alliance, if it has seemed to give France more contentment, has not smoothed away internal political difficulties. The greater the friendliness that exists between the two Emperors the less the likelihood of France receiving much encourage- ment to break the peace. Some of the Continental journals think that South African affairs mast come under review. But the two Powers have absolutely no concern in the matter. The quarrel is of a domestic nature, and neutrality is being observed by them in a way to which no inter- national lawyer can take exception. The KAISER'S visit to the Quilinf is not likely to be referred to in other than the most friendly terms. The QUEEN is a relative of the KAIsEn, he personally likes her, and she is the oldest Sovereign in Europe. Under these circumstances the CZAR cannot object to the KAISER following his example. Without, how- ever, pretending to- know what may or may not be discussed, we may fearlessly say that the meet- ing at Potsdam was of good augury for the maintenance of the peace of Europe. If we could have induced President KRUGIR to visit this country and talk over affairs with our PRIME Minister and other statesmen, we might have adjusted before now all the points in the diplo- matic dispute betweea us, We 11,4ve great faith in these personal conferences, and they contribute to the friendliness which makes for peace and

Cyclists are making a determined effort to secure justice for themselves and their machines at the hands of the Rail way Companies. The trade and the public are united in the statter,and on Tuesday Mr. Herhert Gladstone, M.P., headed an influ- ential deputation to the authorities of the Railway Clearing House. We hope Mr. Glad- stone's eloquence may have a softening effect on the flinty hearts of the zailway companies, but we doubt whether much real benefit will accrue from the efforts of the deputa- tion. There is something about railway magnates- which makes them particularly difficult people to convince, or move from a position they have taken up. They know that their railroads are an absolute necessity to the public, and that no matter how much the latter may fume and fret at inconveniences they have to endure they cannot retaliate by any system of boycott. We have to travel about, and we have to convey our goods from place to place—by rail. Motor cars being in their infancy and flying-machines merely short cuts to destruction, we are entirely dependant on railways managed by gentlemen who look at dividends first and the convenience of their customers last of all. Cyclists contribute a larpe sum to the revenue of the railways, and they do not mind doing so as long as they get a quid pro quo, But when they pay 6d. for 12 miles, 9d. for 25, and is. for 50 miles carriage of their cycles and at the same time know that the valuable mounts have to take " pot-luck " as regards safety in transit, they feel that justice and fair treat- ment are not being meted out to them. Neither do they feel that they are getting full value when 4d. has to be paid for half-an-hour's deposit of the cycle in the cloak-room. If the railway com- panies only prove amenable to reason then the cyclists' cause is won, for there is no combating the arguments in favour of redressing these grievances, but if the companies prove unsympa- thetic and shield themselves behind incomprehen- sible and inadequate Acts of Parliament, as they .have done in the past, then the cyclist will be a much-to-be-pitied individual. We are in hopes, however, that the voioes of hundreds of thousands of wheel-men and wheel-women praying for reform will have the wished for eilect.

IT will be interesting to observe how far the first act of the South African campaign will change current opinion of the British army as an effective fighting force. We have all been nurtured in the belief that victories can always be won by British forces in the face of great odds. In Natal we have had one of those situations wherein the truth or fallacy of this belief could be strikingly ex- emplified. It is painful to acknowledge that we have won no great victories. The plain fact of the situation is that we have had to yield positions mile by mile. We have stemmed the advance to Durban, but we have not broken it. In engagements we have pressed the enemy back, but have not discouraged him or pre- vented him from gaining strategic advantages. Now, whatever may be said, this is not in accord- ance with British traditions. We have not gained any signal and overwhelming victory with a small force against a large one, and this fact,unless such a victory is gained before the Army Corps arrives at the front, must compel us to revise some of our most cherished beliefs. The truth is, the glamour of history and of empire have led us to exaggerate. Our soldiers are biave—none braver. Given equal conditions they will win anywhere. But in a great minority we can no longer count upon victory as our certain heritage ; and when this is recognised there follows a still more tremendous sequel, which must one day soon be seriously faced,unless we are willing to compromise our security as a world Power. The sequel is Conscription; and we think that a signal victory in Natal within the next ten days will postpone it, just as the lack of such a victory, by disillusioning us in reference to our fancied superiority everywhere, will hasten it'.

Each successive report on sewerage questions makes it abundantly evident that the old-fashioned method of purification by precipitation will yield to the bacterial treatment. The danger of the pollution of rivers is avoided by the new scheme, for sanitary experts testify emphatically that the effluent discharged into the river is purer than the water of the river itself. That fact was made ap- parent in the series of lectures delivered before the Society of Arts by Dr. Samuel Rideal last winter, and it is noteworthy that the Manchester Corporation are now being advised to adopt the bacterial system. T!ie doubt at Manchester is,with so much chemical ref use,would the bacteria thrive? That has been set at rest by experts, and it is well for the country they have come to the conclusions they have. It would never do to have it said that, in order to be free from the dangers of microbes, one must live in the most squalid districts of Cotteno- polis, and drink the dark, poisonous-looking water of the river in preference, for example, to the clear sparkling liquid from a country brooklet. Every- one knows that in those apparently innocent streamlets there often lurks an epidemic in posse. With regard to Manchester the conclusion is satis- factory, because there s an increasing tendency to make chemical discharges into our rivers; and if these threatened to nullify new theories of sewage treatment—well, it would be bad for the new theories, and we should have to go back to the old occupying a large quantity of land, and in- voffing expensively-elaborated works.

In the course of its history Warrington has had many traducers, and that is perhaps why a bad name still clings to the ancient town in many quarters. A recently-published book entitled "Echoes of Old Lancashire," contains the impres- sions of a literary lady named Miss E. J. Spence during a visit to the manufacturing districts of Lancashire in 1807. From her writings we learn that the inns of Warrington did not please her,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
and "the dirtiness of the people here exceeds," she says, " what I could have believed in any part of this kingdom." The criticism may or may not have been just. No doubt our ancestors would hotly deny the truth of her description of the people of Warrington in the early years of this rapidly closing century. But Warrincrtou 'las never been an Arcadia and never will. his however, somewhat consoling to know that Warrington did not stand alone under the lash of this severe critic. The following description is not of Warrington but of Manchester district. "I wish I could tell your ladyship," she says, " that the peasantry were possessed of that native simplicity we expect to find two hundred miles from the Metropolis; their manners aecorA with their rude and uncultivated appearance, and their demeanour is remarkably forbidding; but this 1 understand, is often the case near manufacturing towns, though it is the first time I have had the opportunity of observing it." There now! who would have thought that was correct, even ninety years ago.

In the able paper which Mr. A. J. Jolley read at the North-Western Poor Law Conference at Manchester on "The differentiation in the treat- ment of indoor cases," reference was made to the success which has attended the classification scheme, as it has been called, at the Warrington Workhouse. The title of Mr. Jolley's paper may have a forbidding look to anyone who does not take a very deep interest in poor law adnainistra- tion, but Mr. Jolley brought out many facts which the public would do well to become acquainted with. To those unfamiliar with the classification scheme it may be briefly stated that the inmates of the Warrington Workhouse have been classified by character and accommodated in senarate rooms as far as the present premises permit. The best and most deserving paupers are placed in the "A " . class whilst the worst are allocated to class " Little luxuries am o allowed to the " A's" whilst the " D's " are sternly dealt with and their privi- leges greatly curtailed. After a twelve months' trial Mr. Jolley was able to inform the delegates at the Conference that the Warrington Guardians had materially improved the lot of our aged deserv- ing indoor poor, without adding to the burden of the ratepayers, and the stricter treatment of the other inmates had led to a steady decrease in the number of inmates and a consequent diminution of the total cost of maintenance. Warrington was not, of course, the first to adopt this scheme—it seldom is a pioneer in enterprise of this kind—but the results are of sufficient importance to warrant other unions in taking a leaf out of Warrington's book.

Just as in Warrington, there has been all over the country a remarkable decrease of interest in the municipal elections this November. The war has absorbed the attention of everybody, and where the municipal contests have been held the rivalry has only been slight and generally of a per- sonal rather than a political character. In War rington the Liberal and Conservative parties re- main practically uninfluenced by the elections though the Government adherents have some small gain to congratulate themselves upon if they count heads. But we are not dis- cussing the elections from a political point of view. The Council has obtained two valuable additions in Messrs. L. Greening and A. J. Jolley. Both are men of ability, principle, and firmness, and can be relied upon to render good service to those who have placed their trust in them. We are pleased, too, that the retiriag Councillors who sought office again, have been re-elected, and particularly Mr. J. Shaw Green, whose loss would have been almost irreparable had he suc- cumbed to his opponent in Bewsey Ward. Gener- ally speaking the personnel of the Cuuncil has been altered for the better this N w3rniler, and the Council was, perhaps, never more strongly con- stituted.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPONDENT.' Not once or twice, but rather a dozen times, have I referred to the inefficiency of the Runcorn Fire Brigade. The state of things is really too bad and for a community comprising some 17,000 people with agricultural suburbs of another straggling 10,000 to be without an adequate means of coping with fire is a gross temptacion of providence. Luckily the last few fires have resulted in nothing more serious than the loss of several well-insured baystacks—bad they b-en any of our large works, the result would be just the same, the brigade would have to " watch them burn out." A calamity of this kind, however,would be a disaster that more up-to-date appliances would stand a better chance of preventing—though, indeed, it is often enough the case that fire gets its own way when opposed by the best appliances and men. I wonder how many more object lessons the public will have to have before a move is made.

The Local Government Board Inquiry respecting the borrowing of £4,000 for the purposes of drain- ing, levelling and putting into execution the admirable scheme of Mr. Joseph Wilding (surveyor to the R.U.D.C.) for the conTersion of the Runcorn Heath and Common into a park of acceptable size and prepossessing appearance—is now a thing of the past. For a few days before it came off we moved as it were beneath a heavy cloud of opposition and rumours of opposition. From all sides people predicted the up-rising of the town, and at one stage an organised opposition headed by a full-fiedged barrister was talked of. But what were the real facts : only one man, be it said to his eternal credit, had the courage of his convictions, and that one man was Mr. D. Brshrown. Personally I am in favour of the park;t.ut I do and will honour " Bisbrown" for his staunchness to his principles. Certainly the oppo-3ition he offered was not very great,it was only the Question of whether the town could or could not afford the luxury, and on that question the Local Government Bard will natur- ally satisfy themselves before they proceed to grant their sanction.

With regard to the purchase of a horse ambu- lance, for which £6O was revired, no opposition was offered at all. The confessions of Mr. Lake "that the only vehicle now in use by the Council was a dilapidated old cart, through the bottom of which there were continual fears of the patients falling out" was indeed a revelation of a state of affairs shameful to contemplate. I have known for some time that thins were bad, but not nearly so bad as that. Anyhow the horse ambulance will most likely be an accomplished fact soon, and the only hope is that it will not be required often.

The classes in connection with the St. John Ambulance Association are now commencing and for years a class of males has fburished in Ilanclrn with more or less success. Nothing however is heard of a class tor females. Such classes have been founded with admirable success almost all ov:tr the country, and at them the ladies—who by the way are remarkably deft at bandaging—are taught the various methods of treating and rendering first aid to the injured. In the position of house wife, the ladies have often calls to Infaet an emergency, and often enough have to depend upon customary usage, neighbourly advice, and so on, for their mo-le of procedure, whilst a little elementary knowledge such as that given by the St. John Ambulancl Association would put them in a better position to deal with the injury. Let me hope this suggestion will be considered favourably.

A meeting is to be held in Runcorn for the pur- pose of" raising the wind '' for " the kids that Tommy left behind him." and an opportunity will be given to all to extend tangible—the only genuine —sympathy. May everyone who can carry a Coin attend that meeting and leave it behind when the bat goes round, for a more deserving case can- not be found.

CAUTION.

EVERY POUND OF PkLETLIORPES ROYAL CAM BRIDGE SAUSAGES BEARS THE TRADE MARK LABEL.

SHOULD ANY BE OFFF:RF:D UNLABELLED AS PALETHORPES PLEiSE REFUSE THEM, TAKE NO EXCUSE.

T. URAMPION, 1.0. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY CONCERT. To-night (Friday) the Runcorn Orchestral Saciety give their first concert of the season at the Brunswick school- room. A capital programme has been provided. ,:vliss Olive Clare figures as the principal vecaliet, and Mr. Maurice Kruger is down for solos on the violin. Tbr,se deficous of a real musbal treat should not miss the opportunity. ST. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION. The opening class for the session, of the Runcorn Branch of the St. John Ambulance Association, was held at the Runcorn Institute, last Monday evening, when a large number of persens gave in their names. Dr. F. McDougall (the society's lecturer) delivered a prelirnie ary address dealing with the advantages of people bAng able to render " first aid." ACCIDENT TO A. FOOTBALLER AT THE WAKES. Runcorn wakes have been celebrated this week and the " fair ground " presented a very animated app ar- ance being visited by hundreds of pleasure seekers. On Tuesday night when the fun was at its height the wind blew off the hat of W. G tyter (the Runcorn & team half back), and in his eagerness to recover it he ventured too near the swinging boats and got his head badly bruised by one of the moving boats.

PERSONAL.

With regard to a statement published to the effect that the Rev. J. Simpson, pastor of Green Mount Con- gregational Church, Tottiwton, bad been invited to the pastorate of Bon Accord Church, Aberdeen, it is now stared that, aithou4h some communication has passod between the church and Mr. Simpson, the latter hts for various reasons declined any consiieration of the matter

===== 0002601_18991110_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES MUNICIPAL BYE•ELECTION,

Owing t0.2.11(3-;:aising- of Councillor G. J. Neil to the vacant aldermancy caused by the retirement of Alder- man J. Williamson, a contest will take place on November 14-,h for one councillor for Simm's Cross Ward. Nominations were received up to 5 p.m. on Monday, and the candidates open for the vacancy are as follows :—Thonaas Allen Bullough, 40, Deac3n-road engineer.—Edwin W30d,102, Birchfield-road,Farn worth, builder and estate agent. A SMALL FINK FOR KICKING A POLICEMAN. Thomas Fitton, brought up on Friday last before the Widnes magistrates. on charges of drunk and disorderly aud assaulting Police-constable Dickinson, had nothing to ay.—Dickinson said he found the man drunk in Hale. road, and on raisiag him up was struck in the face for his pains. WitU the, assistance of P.C. Clarke prisoner was with difficulty got to the station. While they were searching him he kicked witness in the stomach.—Fined 2s. 61. and costs fsr the drunkenness, and 53. and costs for the assault.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MILTON P.S.A. WIDNES.

A fair attendance assembled at the usual meeting on Sunday, when the president (Rev. J. Pedlar), occupied the chair. The soloist, Mr. Harrison, of Runcorn, sang "Just as I am " and " Beautiful City of Rest," in fine style, and was much appreciated. Mr. Johns gave a very practical address on" Anger," and his telling re- m-Irks were well received. The address was well thought out and received the hearty appreciation of the men. The meeting closed with the Benediction. THE RUNCORN POLICE AND THE "STRONG MAN." On Wednesday. morning, before the Runcorn Bench, Frederick Wilhelm F. Hilgenfelt, was brought up on a charge of being drunk and disorderly the previous night, —Constable Gregory said the man was a " strong man" who had been exhibiting his prowess on the fair grouud during the" wakes." He saw him drunk and disorderly io High-street, and proceeded to take him in custody. Defendant became obstinate and gave him considerable trouble, and it was not until he had obtained the assist- ance of Acting-Sergeant Wnite and others that the man was taken tD the" lock-up."—Fined 103. and 55. costs

===== 0002601_18991110_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF Mn, WILLIAM GITTENS,

There has passed away .by the death of Mr. William Gittens, f Lowland E-road, a townsman wlao was amongst one of the most respected and revered of all. A native of Shropshire he came to Runcorn about the time the L. and NW. Railway Viaduct was being con- stitscted (about 36 years ago) and has since that time lived the life of an honest, straightforward townsman doing that which his hand found to do with all his good will. Ever since his advent in the town he identified himself with the cause of the Primitive Methodists—a cause in which he has accomplished valuable and lasting work,all in an unobstrusive and unostentatious manner. The funeral takes place to-morrow in the Green way-road Cemetery. Much sympathy is expressed with the widow and bereaved family. GRAND BAZAAR AT RUNCORN.

We would call the earnest attention of our readers to the bazaar announced by the Primitive Methodists,to be held on Wednesday and Thursday, nest, the 15th and 16th of November. The event will take place in the Greenway-roadSchoolroorn,and from the effoaidisplayed by the promoters of the venture, every success is likely to attmd the baz tar. On Wednesday, the first day,Misa Taylor, of Rydal Mount, will perform the opening core- molly. at which Mr. F J Norman will preside. The following day (Thuriday), the opening will be carried out by Mr. F Wiswall (Chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council), on which occasion Mr. S Owens (Widnes), will preside. The baz tar has been promoted for a most deserving object, ana it is to be hoped will meet with general support.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN HARRIERS.

The above club held an ordinary run from their head- quarters, Bull's Head. on Saturday,when about 15 mem- bers turned out. The captain decided to run only one paek. The hares (Messrs. E Faulkner, J H Hamilton, and 8 Shallcross) were despatched at 3-35, laying a trail over 11 miles of excellent country, including some goad water jumps, the route being from Halton-road, along the canal side to the Old Quay Marsh, straight to Acton Grange, rotor iing by Mann borne again. The pack followed at 4-10. and a good race was witnessed for the finish between W Ray, S Hopkins, and W Thomas, who drew away from the pack some four miles from home. The fmllowing were the positions-1, W Ray; 2, S Hop- kins ; 3, W Thomas; and 4, R Hamilton. The club, though only formed last season, has made rapid pre- crress and boasts of about 40 members.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING ACCIDENT AT GOSSAGE'S WORKS, WIDNES-,

During the storm on Friday afternoon, shortly after one o'c'ock,two large wooden sheds which were in course of erection at Messrs. Gessage's Soap Works were blown down. The sheds were 140 feet long, 50 feet high, and wirhtipans of 75 fee'. Owing to the torrents of rain whica fell the men left their work and sought shelter. Some tools, however, had been left on the j )b, and to recover these, three men (13;n Jones, J Holland, and S Williams, West-street) went on to the shed. While they were on the shed the whole building was blown with a terrific crash to the ground, burying the workmen in the debris. Help was speedily readered,and the timber lifted off the unfortunate men, when Holland and Williams were able to get up. Jones had received such injuries that he had to be conveyed to the Accident lespital, where he was attended to by Dr2.Edwards and Hutchin- son. It was ascertained that his collar-bone had been dislccated, his both- badly bruised, and he was suffering from a severe shock to toe system. The other two men were also somewhat severely bruised, but were able to proceed home.—Joseph Hignett, aged 49, of 58,D ock-st., was admitted to the Accident Hospital, on Sunday, suffering from a fractured leg, caused by a fall in the street. The injured man was attended by Dr. Hutchin- son and detained aa an in-patient.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
DESTRUCTIVE STACIE- FIRE AT RUNCORN.

About 9.30 on Monday evening two stacks of straw and one of hay, the pronerty of Mr. John Richardson, farmer, Sutton, were discovered to be on fir in the stackyard on Halton-road near to the Recreetion Foot- ball ground. The a!arm sprrad, and with creditable alacrity the Runcorn Fire Brigade were on the scene with the reel cart. C-nsiderable difficulty was, how- ever. experienced in getting, a supply of water adequate enough to cope with the fire, which by this time had asAinved tremendous proportions. Hundreds of people from the "fair ground" upon which the Ruocorn Wakes were being celebrated were attracted to the site of the fire, and the whole scene was one of considerable splen- dour, and when the fire was at its height afforded a magnificent spectac'e.. lighting up the country-side for miles around. The brigade were unable to be of any use in the way of saving the produce, but were able to prevent its spread to two adj icent stacks. They ren- dered valuable assistance and remained on the snot batt- ling the flames until the following afternoon. The dam- age done is estimated at £l5O. It is stated that the fire originated by the sparks from a " rocket " sect up to celebrate the anniversary of the gunpowder plot, alight- ing on the loose straw around the stacks. RUNCORN AUXILIARY OF THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN

===== 0002601_18991110_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BIBLE SOCIETY

The annual meeting of the above took place in Green- way-road schoolroom on Monday evening. Mr W Tim- mins presided, an 1 was supported on the Watforrn by the Rev W Monk Joces (leputation from the parent society), C R KiHick, C W L COristien, 11 Morrison, aryl J Osborne. Thnre was only a poor attendance. Among the audi:-oce was the Rev Canon Maitland Wood.—The Rev 0 R Killick (accretary), presented the report for 1899, which showed the amounts collected to be as fol- lows :—Parish Church (cellectel tor Miss Crosby), £311; Trinity Church (Miss Warne:), 17s 61; Wesleyans (Miss Norman and Miss Unsworth). £9 51 61 ; St. John's Presbyterian (Miss Pritcharl). £3 is 6d ; Bethesda Con- gre2ational (Miss Beck), £3 ; Primitive Methodist (Miss Fidoe), 5s ; Ellesmere-street (Mrs Wright), 15 6d ; Halton Church (Miss Wright), 14s 6d; Flalton %siesleyans (M as Cramon). £1 61 ; making a total of £23 164 61. The total amount collected during 1898 was £24 14s 91. Mr. Killick sail he understood that in the olden time the amount collected was considerably larger than .t pre- sent, but he hoped that they wouli improve. £23 was a very small amount for a town of the standing of Run- corn. The Rev. W. Monk Jones then addressed the meeting and described the extent and scope of the society's work, after which the meeting closed with the usual votes of thanks.

NEW AUTUMN MILLINBRY ; Choice Selection of FURS. The latest in Jackets. and Waterproofs. Blouses, Dress Material, Icc. now showing—W. T. WILLIAMS. Sankey-street, and Legh-street, Warr:ngton.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.

MYSTERIOUS DIS&PPEARANCES OP RUNCORN PEOPLE. As yet no trace of Mrs. Robert Harrop, of Bridge. water-street, has come to hand, and up to the time of writing her strange disappearance remains a mystery.— A. man named John Hunt, of Kin2-street, who resided with his brother, is now reported to be missing. It is seated that he uff :Ted from hallucinations, and on Saturday be called out to his brother" Look out the house is going to fall on us," rushed out of the house and has not been seen since.—The canals have been dragged in places, and inquiries instituted, but there appears to be no trace of how and where the missing people have so completely hidden or made away with themselves.

"ELAND VERSUS THE TRANSVAAL."

" Could war have been averted P.' was the subject discussed at the weekly meeting of the Brunswick Mutual Improvement Class, last Wednesday. Mr. J. Douglas was of opinion it could, and Mr. Alfred Dodd was just as positive it could not. Mr. Douglas was asbired in his argument by Messrs Hayes and W Mil- lington, and Mr Dodd was supported by Mr T Saunders, and E Davies. The result of such an equal division of forces was a capital elunidat;on of the fact, surrounding the cases belli. Mr T Simister was the president, and the Rev J flumphrey-Morrison also attended, and took part in the devotional exercise. RUNCORN CYCLIC CLUB. The members of this club assembled for their annual dinner at Wilsons Hotel on Wednesday night and the fifty present enjoyed an excellent repast prepared by Mr and Mrs Lathern. Mr S Taylor, J.P., the genial and generous president of the club presided and he was sup- ported at the cross table by Dr. Delany, Messrs H Congreve, CE., W R Davies,R Bennion,and Mr W Booth hon. secretary. Brief was the toast list, and opened with the usual loyal toast proposed by the Chairman. The chief toast "Success to the Runcorn Cycle Club" was given by the Chairman in eloquent terms. He men- tioned that the membership of the club was increasing. Cycle clubs through-eat the country did much for charity and it was to the undying credit of the Run- corn Cycle Club that there was over £3OO la the bank fora cottage hospital. This had now been raised to £5OO and the cottage hospital would be an accomplished fact.—Mr. Booth responded to the toast and said Mr. Taylor had contributed £lOO to the fund, an announce- ment that roused great enthusiasm. During the even- ing Mr. CongrPve presented gold centre medals to those who had been fortunate enough to win them. For the second year Mr. J. J. Charlesworth had won the cham- pionship medal which became his own property by travelling 100 miles in 6 hours 16 minutes. For good attendance at " runs" the following etch received a medal :—T Crawford, H Nield, A Charlesworth,G Whin- yates, W Hind, and S Hughes. Gold fronted silver brooches had been won by three ladies for good attend- ance also, viz : Mrs W Booth,J Mitchell,and Miss Steele. A capital programme of music was gone through by Messrs A Shingler, T }<eight. G Lightfoot, W Craddock, Whinyates, W Both and C A Timmins (who also acted as accompa: ist. Mr. W. Booth gave a variety en- tertainment on the gramaphone.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RAFFLING v. GAMBLING AT RUNCORN. -- Vicar Wood's Sophistry.

We have been beguiled by devious means in the past in believing that the Rev. Canon A. Maitland Wood, M.A. Vicar of Runcorn, was somewhat of a logician. After his ob-ervations in this month's Parish Magazine we are compelled to believe that he is a logician of the Jesuitical order. It is no new dectrine that " the end justifies the means," but that Canon Wood should adopt such a one is surprising to say the least of the matter. Here are his oh-ervatious in their own unblushing garb : It is the fashion to abuse Bazaars, and certainly they are an expensive way o! raising money, but, in a community such as ours, they evoke an amount of co-operation, of friendliness, of self-lertial and generosity on the part of people of very limited means, such as one cannot be too thankful for and such as must be appmved by Him" Wlso loveth a cheerful giver," They lead sometimes to quarrels, true I but so does everything in which numbers of people ars engaged together when those peep e put themselves before the welfare of the whole off iir—and raffles are as bad as gambling—but are raffle I at a Bazaar rightly to be called gambling? I very much doubt it. The evil of gambling lies on the one hand in it's tendency to snake men rids m mey they cannot afford or money not their own : on the other hand it is the outcome of a desire to gain through the toss of another, this gambling is contrary to the principles of responsibility and love. No man of Christian principle can gamble because he is responsible to God for the use of his money and because his neighbours' loss is not a pleasure to him, but a sorrow. When I put into a raffle at a bazaar lam spending what I feel I can and ought to spend, but I spend on the joint stock principle in order to promote the sale of o.rtieles which no one pre3eW, can affsrd to bu 7 and if I win a prize I take nothing from anyone." To the ordinary carnal mind it is clear that Canon Wood has had a war in his camp—that there have been objections to the manner in which the bazaar has been conducted which have led to internecine strife, although the manner in which he refers to the affair is enough to make the shade of Lindley Murray twist his airy form into countless contor- tions. Bazaars, he tells us, sometimes lead to quarrels when people selfishly place themselves be- fore the object to be gained and then he parentheti- cally adds" And raffles are as bad as gambling," as though this was his own sentiment. Toe end of the sentence, however, shows that he is voicing an objection which has been raised at the bazaar, for he asks " but are raffi IS at bazaars rightly to be I called gambling" The sentence is much more in- volved than are the British troops in the present Icampaign in South Africa ; but it is satisfactory to find that the Vicar knows what he intends to con- vey even if his readers may not comprehend. Re replies to his own question, however, in a manner that leaves no room for doubt as to his opinions,but he does it in such a way as to leave no doubt that he is combating and endeavouring to still the "small voice "of his own conscience. That a minister of the " reformed " religion in the latter end of the nineteenth century should dare to print such un- adultered jesuitical sophistry is almost beyond be- lief; and if Canon Wood has thereby stilled the small voice of his conscience, we are sorry for his conscience and still more sorry should we be if the people of Runcorn believed him. Not long ago in a heated discussion at the School Board, Canon Wood said that to argue from the particular to the general was bad logic, and altogether at variance with the true principles of debate. And yet, here, Canon Wood eeeks to maintain his approval of the gambling rafille, by a brief and paltry analysis of his own feelings when he risks a plebian shilling in the hope of receiving in return a five guinea article. Weakly indeed does he argue ! When he puts into a Witte, he spends what he fe3ls he can and ought to spend, but he does it he says on the joint stock principle in order to pronaote the sale of artieles which no one present can afford to bay. Is it the rule then that in an honest joint stock con- cern one shareholder takes the whole of the profits and leaves the rest of the providers of the stock to starve. What would our local co-operatore who are essentially pint stock traders say if their chair- man Ir. Dailey swept the whole of the " divi " into his own pockets? Imagination isltoo feeble to conjure up the commotion there would be in Church-street at the end of the half year. In joint stock concerns the profits are properly apportioned and there is no desire to "gain through the loss of another." The Vicar says if he wins a prize he takes "nothing from anyone. But the Vicar is wrong. In raffling the winner does gain at the loss of the whole of the other con- tributors. If there are 100 shilling contributors to a raffle, 99 are losers of their money without hope of recovery, and the hundredth man chuckles that the turn of Fortune's wheel has placed in his hands an article for which he has by no means paid full value. This is gambling purely and simply, and, therefore, contrary to the principles of responeibi- lity and love. Reffling is as bad or even worse than gambling on a race course. The Bookmaker con- ducts his affairs on bueiness lines. For certain risks he off-bre various prices, and they can be taken or rejected by his clients. Those who are fortunate enough to stake their money on the winning horse receive in proportion to their risk, and the others lose; and it would puzzle the brain of an ordinary man—but perhaps not of a Canon who is Chairman of a School Board—to discover why it is more evil to put a shilling "on a horse "than it is to put it on the number of a raffia ticket.

Does the Vicar deem it necessary to make his illogical remarks because his bazaar had ta depend largely upon the gambling raffi ? ; and does he seek to quiet, his own conscience and to persuade the losers of their hard earned money into the belief that that which they gambled was in reality a gift to the Lord. "Gambling," says the learned Canon, tend "to make men risk money they cannot afford or money not their own" but " raffles" at bazaars tend to "self-denial and generosity on the part of people of very limited means." Otherwise gambling for your own gain is evil but gambling for your own gain, with the financial benefit of the church also in view, is good, altimugh it, may some- times lead to quarrels. If the Vicar can impose up on the people of Runcorn with such wishy-washy- sophistry as this no wonder he and his party cap- tured the School Board at the last election with "figure guzzling."—NEMESlS.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—Accordiog to " Kemp's Mer cantile Gazette," the number of failures in England and Walea e,az'qted during the week ending November 411, was 78. The number in the corrisprlnding week of last year was 85.ahowing a dee-ease of 7, being a net de- crease in 1899, to date, of 202.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY.

Free Lectures for the Winter at the Technical Institute.

The first of a series of free lectures, to be delivered in connection with the Runcorn Free Public Library and Museum—(for since the Chaowick bequest it can lay claim to the addition)—illustrative of the treasures therein, was given last Monday evening at the Runcorn Tecunical Institute, where a fair attendance had gathered in the New Wing, to hear Mr. Robert Newstead (fellow of the Etomological Society of London, Curator of the Grosveeor Museum, Chester,) lecture on "British birds : their habits and wanderings." The chair was occupied by Mr. F, Wiswall (chairman of the Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council), and there were also prest nt:—Messrs. W. Handley (chairmen of the Library CornmiVee), D. Bis- brown, G. Hewitt, F. J. Moulton, J. D. Jones (librarian), S. Pope, F. Hutton, Rev. W. Scholes, etc.— Mr. F. Wiswall, in introducing the Lecturer, said he did so with great pleasure. as Mr. Newstead bad so kindly consented to come and deliver the first Iccture for them. As they had seen the title of the lecture was " British Birds: their habits and wanderings," but he could assure ttem the only experience he had had of British or any other birds was on one occasion when he went bird- nesting as a boy. On that occasion, however, he got so thoroughly disgusted with himself for taking so many ggs that be never went again. After living for a long time in Manchester away from the sight and sound of the country, and the birds, he Gould say one could hardly express the delight and pleasure with which he went out into the country of a morning and heard the thrush and the lark.—Mr. Robert Newstead then delivered an able lecture. Comprehensively em- bracing his subint he divided it into three heads (1) the Spring or Summer migratory, (2) the so-called resident birds, wad (3) the Autumn end Winter migra- tories. Aided with limelight views (thrown on the screen by a powerful lantern operated by Mr. Sydney Buckley) the lecturer lucidly explained the habits and wanderings of the many groups of birds contained under his three heads of discourse. The object of migration was for the purposes of obtaining food. During the summer months, as they were all aware, the atmosphere was filled with insects and the birds had but to, open their mouths to have them filled, but if they stayed in the Northern Countries during the winter and frost they would most likely die of hunger. At the conclusion of an interesting and instructive address Mr. Newstead expressed the h )pe that his remarks naigiet be the moans ot creating more interest in the beautiful collection of ornithological specimens which the Runcorn library contained, many , of which were among tee finest he had ever seen. It only remained for them to be classified and named, and he felt sure they would become a means of education to the people.—Mr. Wiswall preposed, and Mr. Handley seconded a healtv vote of thanks to the lecturer, and to Mr. Sydney Buckley, the lantern operator. —Mr. New- stead respon&d, and on his motion Mr. Wiswall was accorded a like honour, whice was duly acknowledged. —The next lecture will be given by the Rev. C. W. L. Christien on "My friends on the Shelf," on the 20th of November."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY AT RUNCORN. The Borrowing of £4,060 for a Park and Ambulance.

Major General Crozier of the Local Government Board, held an inquiry at the Ituncorn,on Thursday respecting the desire of the Runcorn Urban District Council to borrow .Cl,OOO for the purpose of a park and recreation ground, and £6O for the pur- chase of a horse ambulance. In addition to the in- spector there were present :—Messrs Francis Wis- wall (chairman of the Urban District Council), W Handley, D Bisbrown, S Taylor James Pritchard, T Dean (members ol the Urban District Council),F A Lake (law clerk),E Marshall (secretary and account- ant), James Wilding (surveyor), M Barker (consult- ing surveyor), G F Ashton (clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Council), and R Wright.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HORSE AMBULANCE.

Mr. F. A. Lilts explained that the Urban District Council required £6O for the purpose of purchasing a horse ambulance. The infectious diseases hospital was situate about one mile and an eighth from the town. The present mode of conveying the patients there was with an old dilapidated cab, not fit for use, and they were afraid that the patients would fall through the bottom. It was proposed to pur- chase the new vehicle from the British Waggon Company at a cost of £6O, delivered. The Surveyor (Mr. James Wilding), said the vehicle would be one of the ordinary one horse type in which a patient could be laid at full length. It would be constructed of oak and ash. He handed in a photograph of the vehicle. There was no oppatition. THE PARIC.—MR. BISBROWN OBJECTS.

Mr. F. A. Lake explained the nature of the land acquired by the Urban Council, known as the Runcorn Heath and Conamou,—under the Provisional Order of 1898 The population of Runcorn was about 20,000; the rateable value £13,323, and outscanding to ins ab_mt £19,565. The whole of the C monall came unier the Open Spaces Act with th) exception of Rook Savage- road which the Council provvd to make in conjunction with the Marquis of Cholmondeley. Tee lospectur went into the details of the scheme and the proposed drainav, manuring and levelling, each poinl being separately dealt with by the Surveycr. At the conclusion he recommended that the Surveyor should forward further detai!s of drainage..ald estimates of the gullies propoied to ba used to tte Local Uovernment Board.

On the wh)le there was hardly any modification of the scheme outlined in our issue of July 21st, save that the question of the lighting of the Common has been dropped, and the Local Government Board Inspector suggested that the estimete for drainage was perhaps too small at 53 6d. a yard. Mr. W. Handley, as chairman of the Common's Com- mittere,s3.id the question had been before the inhabitants of linnc)rn ever since he was a boy, and for the whole of that turtle it had met with the approval'of the in- habitants. Thera had never been any decided or organ- ised opposition to the idea. Even the Lord of the Manor who owned all the mineral rights vestal in the ground had waived his claims, and as late as two years ago had foregone his rights and done all in his power to assist the Council in the work te the utmost of his ability. Illustrative of the length of time the qoe3tioo had been b afore the towns- people he had with him an article he would quote if necessary out of a local paper dated 1283, advocating such a scheme, and the article even then stated the subject had b-en before the public and ratepayers for many years. Frem time to tim there had been meetings of the freeholders of the towo who had invariably de- eided that their rights waived and the matter forwarded. Be had with him the report of a meeting held in 1884 with that end in view. Since the adoption of the scheme he had had,in his capacity of chairman of the committee having the matter in hand, from time to time workinemen calling upon him requesting him to push on the matt .r as quickly as possible, as it entirely met with their approval. They had no proper p 137- grounds in Rencermat present and the common was the only ground they were likely to have for the purpose, hence they were desirous of securing it. There had never come to him personally any expression against the scheme.

Mr. Wis wall (chairman of the Council), spoke as to th 3 manoer in which tee sueject had been received by the District Gouncil.—l3 inembecs against two WAS the voting in the matter. He had received a memorial which he w erld read from Mr J Scraeg (secretary of the Sueday Sahools Associatioe), complaining et the diffi- culty in obtainine ii, place for those schools to assemble, and expressing favour with the scheme. In his duties as Justice of the Peace, what he described as painful cases, had come before him of boys playing football in the streets. He felt that this was in a measure due to the fact that the Urban District Council had been remiss in not providing a suitable place for the recreation of the children, and until they did proviae such a place they could not take such severe steps to stop the street football as they might. Mr. D. Bisbrowa (described as one of the two coun- cillors who voted against the borrowing of the money), observed he objected to the scheme simply on account of expense. Toe General District Rate at the present time was 34 31 and he had watched it rise from about is 63 or is 83 to that amount: He took it that the trade in the town aa I district generally was in such a de- pressed state, since the loss of trade consequent on the departure of so great a number of inhabitants on the compleion of the Ship Cane% which they had not re- I covered from, that the town was not in a position' to bear the additional expense. Another objection ' was the feet that the nark was just a little over a mile from the centre of the town. It had been said tht there was no organized oppositien to the scheme ; that was no doubt true. bat he attrib ited it to the fact of there being no Batepayers' Association in the town, and one could quite understand the amount of diffidence any individual ratepayers would feel at opposing the scheme. He opposed the scheme on principle—the m ,in point was excessive expenditure. No one in the t wn had any objection to a recreation ground, but he contended they nad had that and the Common had been open t 3 them for numbers of years and was free at the pre,ent, so that it was not a matter that affe,itod the Sun lay Schools. True the ground was rough hut it was open and free and at their disposal. The Inspector : We know that from the very fact it is Common ground. Mr. Bisbrown : I voted against it on principle. No one else offering any observations, Major Genera/ Crozier said Mr. Bisbrown's objection would be recorded. He closed the inquiry, and went to view the Common.

BRASS AND IRON BROSTRADS, Belding. Wring- ing Machines Lamfps. and Coal Vases. Sheffiel4 Cutlery and Plate.—J. S. 4ARLAND. Ironmonger, Bridgc-street, Warrington—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Council, was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday, when there were present : Messrs. Joseph Knowles (chairman), S Wo,dward (vice-chairman), J Mc Intyre, Admiral Jones Parry, Jost.ph Bolshaw, A H Talbot, Edward Chrke, J Stokes, Joseph Whitlow, T Baxter, C E Linaker,Thornas Lewis, Thomas Wright, George Pilling, E Bretherton, J Spruce, P Leather, W Turner, J. B. Chadwick, T An- twiss, J Moseley Williams, with G F Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough, (assistant clerk), J Swinton (surveyor), W Farrington (inspector), and D J Adams (medical officer).

THE DIRECTION OF THE ROAD AT WALTON,.-.A REFUSAL.

The Clerk read a letter from Mr. J. Shaw on behalf of the London and North Western Railway Company with reference tr 4 the proposal re the deviation of the high- way at Walton Inferior. He stated that the proposal had had the very careful consideration of the Com- pany but be regrett.d to say that they could not see their way to undertake tbe deviation in the road which was asked for.

Mr. C. E. Linaker proposed that the Clerk write to the Railway Company asking them how they intended diverting the road in view of the alterations that were contemplated by the widening of the line, and how such alterations would affect the roadway at Walton, and the roads in other parts of the Council's district. Mr. J. Mclntyre seconded. The question was raised asto whether such alterations were contemplated by the Railway Company, and The Chairman remarked they had received no official intimation that such alterations were contemplated, and until they received such notices he did not see how they could move in the matter. THPAHALTON EATER SUPPLY. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. E Marshall,secretary to the Runcorn Urban District Council, in reply to the complainant re the quality of the water supplied to the township, .

A copy .of this reply appeared in our last issue. He also explained that samples of the water had been taken as directed and forwarded to the Government Analyst. The Government Analyst had, however, re- plied intimating that he could not analyse samples of water for Rural Authorities without the sanction of the Local Government Board, and if they heard nothing from him within seven days they could take it that the samples had been destroyed. On receipt of that reply he (the clerk) had written ty the Local Government Board and to the Government Analyst—to the former for the necessary sanction, and to the latter stating h 3 hal taken that course; and that was how the matter stood at present.

it was decided to wait until a further reply from the Local Government Board was received.

VACANCY ON THE COUNCIL. Notice was given of the vacancy in the office of Dis- trict Councillor for the parish of Norloy by reason of the death of the lat. Mr, William Pickering, and the clerk was requested to forthwith proceed to the election of a succeasor.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTS FOR THE SHIP CANAL BRIDGES.

Mr. Pilling said at the Parish Ceuncil meeting of Latchford Without they had taken inco consideration the question of lighting the bridges across the Ship Canal. and were desirous of having one lamp put on the Cantilever Bridge, one on the Swing Bridge, also, three new lamps in Fairfield Ward, and one other lamp they desired to move to a position where it would give better light to two roadways. The Parish Council had beep unable to communicate with the Distrizt Council as their meeting only took place last night, therefore he had undertaken to bring the matter forward. He proposed that the Parish Council be empowered to take the work in hand.—This was unanimously agreed to.

THE DAIRIES AND COWSHEDS.

On the proposition of Admiral Jones Parry, seconded by Mr C E Linaker the dairies and cowsheds regulations were adoptei. Mr. Linaker further proposed that the Inspector under the Bye-laws and model regulations be instructed to inspect the cowsheds in the district and report upon the light and ventilation thereof. Mr. Talbot seconded and th motion was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesd ty, when there were present :—Messrs J Moseley Williams (chairman), A R Norman, T Reynolds, J Msaiowcroft, tno Rural District Councillors, Messrs G F Ashton (cl,rk), W E Hough (as- sistant clerk), and James Cannah (master.)

VOTE OF CONDUENCE AND SYMPATHY.

The Chairman referred to the affliction that hal fallen upon Mr. Thomas Darlington in the loss of his wife, whose death took place very recently. He heard also that Mr. Darlington was confined to his bed, and he thought, under the circumstances, it would be pleasant to Mr. Darlington to know and feel and receive the sym- pathy of the Guardians ; therefore, on behalf of the Board of Guardians and the Rural District Council, he proposed that a vote of condolence and sympathy with Mr. Darlingtoa be conveyed to him in writing by the Clerk.

Mr. Joseph Knowles s-conded and the proposition was unanirnou,ly agreed to.

ASSISTANT OVERSEER FOR ASTON GRANGE.

air. James Robinson, of Preston Brook, wrote signify- ing that at a meeting of the ratepayer 4 of the township of Aston Grange, he was appointel asiis`ant overseer for that place at a salary of £3 per annum. The Clerk obiervA the appoinqnent was a new on, Aston Grange never before having ha l an Assistant- Overseer.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POOR L&W CONFERENCE

Messrs. Alfred R Norman, George Pilling, William Bradford, Thomas Wright, and the Clerk, who attended as delegates the North Western Poor Law Con- ference, held at Manchester on the 27ch and 28th of October, reported :—The president (sir John T. Bibbed) in his opening address gave very instructive statistics relating to the relief of he poor, and very interesting particulars of the gradual improve- ment in the administration of the Poor Laws as practiled by the various Boards of Guardians throughout the country.—Mr. Samuel T. Lunt, chairman of the West Derby Board of Guardians, read a paper upon "The creatment of Tuberculosis by Poor Law Guadiana." After giving statistics showing that the disease was steadily decreasing in this country, he strongly advo- cated the open air treatment and the erection of sana- toria by groups of Boards throughout the country. In the disausaion upon the paper it was very strongly brought out that the insanitary condition of dwellings and the crowded areas in sem) of our large towns were vary largely responsible for the spread of consumption and that plenty of fresh air in dwellings with lofty and large rooms would very greatly assist in stamping out the disease.—Mr. A. J. Jelley, chairman of the Warring- ton Board of Guardians real a very good paper upon the "Differentiation in the treat leant of indoor cases." Fie referred to the diff-rentiation as now practised in several unions throughout the country and strongly advocated the advisability of treating the deserving poor in their old age with more leniency and kindness than those who become inmates of the Workhouse through their own fault. There was a good discussion upon the paper and there was a very stro-,g feeling in favour of Mr. Joller's contention.—On the Saturday a very in- teresting paper upon "OH Age Pensions" was read by Mr: Hooke, of Manchester, a strong feeling being ex- pressed by the conference in favour of some system of "Old age pension," but it was pretty generally felt that it would be difficult to take a hard and fast line suitable to the whole counzry. Mr. Meadewcroft asked wh,ther copies of the report of the conference could be got in extenso ? The Chairman replied he believe they could at a cost of I s . each.

n*Mr. Pillineprorwed, and Mr. A. R. Norman seconded, th it such reports b 3 ottainced and circulated amongst the mPna hers.

Mr. Meadowcroft added it was corta'nly desirable that the Board should have the reports so as to obtain the necessary information ; indeed, it would be of ad- vantage t 3 the union and they mieht not lose all the expenses of the delegates to the conference for nothing. He supplrted the resolution which was carried.

RE;IGNATION OF THE LATCHFORD AS.ISTANT OVERSEER.

Mr. J. L. Tunstall, Fl-wsec Chambers, W trrington, wrote under date 3rd November, as follows :•—" I have to-day resigned the office of assistant overseer for the township of Latchford Without, and as the future ass'stant overseer will, I presume, be appointed to per- form all the duties appertaining to the office of an overseer including the c dlection of poor rates, I should like to be relieved at ones, if practictble,of the office of collector of poor rites of the townshio. I take it that no formal step will be necessary to this end, but that all that will be needed will be for yoqr noard to stop the payment of my salary as from the 29th September last. Mr. Pilline explainei there had been a meeting of the Latchford Without Parish Council on Monday night,and the reeignation of Mr. Tunstall was received, and Mr. Jogeph Smith appointed in his stead, at a salary of £24. lie moved that tho_resignation beaccepted• -

Mr. Knowles saconded and the motion was carried.

Ii answer to Mr. Meidoweroft the Clerk explained that the Board of Guardians had not now the power of confirminz the new appointment.

FINANCES.-BALANCE AGAINST THE BOARD.

Mr. S. Woodward presented the financial report and moved its adoption. Sums for out-relief were granted as follows :—Runcorn, £80; Frodsham, £22 ; Budworth, £24. Dr. Burton's Recount for vaccination fees was for £8 and he notiend included 12 cases at 124 6i. Dr. Carruthers also sent in an account for £5 163. The balance against the Board last meeting was £125 5s ; cheques require& £147 3s. 61. ; receipts during the fortnight, £l6 184 21 ; leaving a balanco against the Board of £255 104 41. There was an amount of £1,500 to come in on a loan account which would be paid very shortly, arid tide them over for a time. Then the usual calls would come.

Mr. Thomas Wright seconded, and the finances were adopted. ___

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BURNS,

BOILS, BRUISES, BITES, AND BROKEN SKIN. FOR CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, CUTS, AND COLDS USE

===== 0002601_18991110_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HOMOCEA.

FREELY.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

MA MEETING .—On Saturday evening the elder scholars (boys lof Overton and Church-street Sunday Schools partook of a special tea, kindly provided by Ashley, in the new Parish Room. There were pre- rent the Vicar (the Rev. H. B. Bloeg, M.A.), the Rev. W. Dawes, and Mr. Percy Jones. Miss Ashley, assisted by Mrs. Holland and Miss Riley, were the caterers, and afterwards a very enjoyable evening was spent in sing- ing and games. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.--At the monthly meeting of the Frodshana Paritih Council, acting as the Parccnial Committee, held in the Court-room, Frocishatn,on Friday evening, there being present Messrs. Charles E Linaker (chairman), Earlam (vice-chairman). Shore, ‘Villiams, Barrow. Wilkinson, Gdeave, D ivies, Illidge, Kedd. and G F Ashton (clerk). A letter was read from Miss Ilayrs, Frodsham, calling the attention of the committee to the extensive use of the water from the Frodsham Bridge Jubilee Fountain by a certain firm, the consequence be- ing that her cottages and farm were without an adequate supply. A further letter was read from Messrs. Linaker and Linaker bearing upon the same subject, and after some discussion it was decided to leave both letters in the hands of the clerk for his opinion, the matter to be fully dealt with at the next meeting. The question of the charge to be made to persons using water from the mains for the weering of cattle and horses in cases where the assessments of buildings were not of £l5 atil upwards was diseussed, and it was decided that the rate be as follows :-ss. for each horse and 2s. for each cow. The collector of the water rates reported that at tne present time there was only one rate in arrear for the past quarter. Mr. Earlam expressed his pleasure in the improvement of the collection.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CHANGE.

P.C. Benson who has been transferred on marriage to the Garton district, has been replaced by P.C. Couse from the Wigan District.

POLICE CASES.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Saturday, before Mr. J W Emmett, John Finnigan, collier, of Newton Common was charg.A with being drunk the previous evening,and was fined 2s 6d and costs. At the Town Hall, Newton, on Tuesday morning, before Mr. T J Gillespie, Patrick Ryan was charged with being drunk and was fined 23 61 and costs.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A.

The usual weekly meeting of the P.S.A. Society was held in the Cooperative Hall, Earbestown on Sunday afternoon. There was a large attendance, and the gathering was preside I over by Mr. George Clarke. An address was given by the Rev. F. Shirtcliffe, and vocal items were rendered by Mr. W. Limmond• Mrs. Latimer presided at the piano.

EA.RLESTOWN DISTRICT NATIONAL SCHOOL AND THE WAR FUND.

On Tuesigy morning last week the Head Master Mr. A Brown publicly read in the school Kipling's new poem afterwards making an appeal in accord- ance with its suggestions. On behalf of the boys and girls, members of the staff and himself a sum of £3 12s Od was forwarded to the offices of the " Daily Mail" the same evening in aid of the fund there being raised by the sale of the poem, in sup- port of the women and children left behind by the soldiers who have gone out to fight their country's battles. This ~um,since then,tias been augmented by further collections in the school. Donations from members of the staff, children and one old scholar up to Tnursday noon, 1837 d.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH LANCASHIRE NEEDLEWORK GUILD.

The annual exhibition of work got together by the local branch of the South .Loncashire Needle- work Guild was held in the Town Hall, Newton, on Fciday afternoon. There was an exc-llent show of clothing of every description, chiefly underwear, about 3,000 articles having bei sent in, amongst them being several horn the Duchess of York, who is a general President of he Guild. At four o'clock a meeting was held, presided over by Mrs. Royse, who has been President of the local Guild since its formation, but has now iesigned having removed her residence to Walmer. In her farewell address she thanked the Tice-PnArient and all the members for their kind- ness and help since the Guild w.:,s formed,and hoped they would continue the pod work and be even more successful in the future. Mr G. Dring of Earlestown moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Royse for her past services. This was seconded by Mr. Henry Taylor, Police Court Missionary of Warrington, both of whom testified to the zeal and energy displayed by Mrs. Royse, and also gave several very interesting cases in which the Guild had been the means of doing a great amount of good. Mrs, Royse briefly responded and also stated they had decided to make a special grant this year to the wives and children of men who had been called away as members of the reserve. The new Secretary and Treasurer, is Miss Watkins, of New- ton.•

===== 0002601_18991110_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FATAL ACCIDENT IN A ST. HELENS COLLIERY.

On Wednesday, Mr. S. Briehou3e. county coroner, held an inquest at St. Helens Down Hall on the body of Edward James William, 32 years of age, collier, of 52, Orrell-street, who was killed at Ashton's Green Colliery, on Tuesday morning. From the evidence it appeared that while Williams was at work a large portion of the roof collapsed, and two big stones dropped upon him. He was knocked down, an I was so badly crushed that when his body was releas A it was found that life was extinct. Mr. 11. Hall, the Government Inspector of Mines, considered that the affair was purelv an accident, and the jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal.

The Rev. J. Yonge complete: 23 years of minis- terial work in connection with Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church last Sunday. Tile Rev. B. Percival, vicar of St. Pater'A, War- rington, has returned from the Canary Islands greatly improved in health.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation to Mr. J. E. Warren.

After the Lincashire v. Yorkshire match the teams and committees dined together at the White Swan Hotel, Halifax, Mr. H. If. Waller, president of the Yorkshire County Committee, in the chlir. The usual loyal toast having been honoured, an interes- ting presentation was made to Mr J. E. Warren, of Warrington, a past president of the Union, and until recently a member of the committee, in ap- preciation of his valuable services during the past four years. The presentation which consisted of a very handsome gold English lever watch was made on behalf of the members of the Northern Union Rugby Football Com- mittee by Mr. Waller, in the absence of Mr. J. H. ;inith, of Widnes, the president. After explaining that Mr. Smith had intended to be present at the match, and had actually started, but was taken ill suddenly at Rochdale Station and had to be sent back home, Mr. Waller spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Warren's services to the Northern Union. No man had fought harder that Mr. Warren for the success of the Union, and for the carrying wit of its principles. In his reply Mr. Warren said one man would not be missed by the Northern Union now. (" Question.") That body was on too solid a basis, and too firmly estab- lished. He wished the Union every success, and hoped he would always retain the friendship of the members of the committee. The watch is adorned on the back with a design, the basis of which is a white rose,the centre of the flower is occupied with three shields, indicating the arms of Yorkshire, Lancashire and Cheshire, and reflects the greatest credit upon the artistic taste of Messrs. Pattorini and Sons, of Bradford, who supplied the beautiful gift.

ANNEXING THE TRANSVAAL—What will be the fate of the Transv4al atter the war it is difficult to fore- see, but one thing may he considered certain, and that is that every one who can will take care to annex a case of that delicious liqueur, GRANT'S MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY, which is so great a favourite at home and abroad. Enquire for it of all Wine Merchants and Hotels, and don't be put off with inferbr makes ; also GRANT'S CHERRY WHISKY .--Advt

===== 0002601_18991110_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
T.HE _HEALING 7OUCH.

" One touch of Nature makes the whole world kin I"

Thus saith the sage, and sayeth Since it is so when homocea's rubbed in, For, unlike things made but to sell, This salve of Nature touches quick the spot, And, touching, soothes the aching pan:

Therefore be wise: restnot till you have got A tin of homocea for that smart.

STINGS, SCALDS, SCRATCHES, SWELLINGS, SORES. FOR PILES, AND ALL PECULIAR PAINS WITHIN, USE

HOMOCE A FREELY.

OUR FOOTBALL COMPETITION.

(COUPON ON PAGE 7.) £5O Offered Weekly—xioo Aggregate Prize.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

ONE COMPETITOR WINS £5O.

The following were the results of the matches playei nn November 4th —Preston N.H. beat Notts. County, Wolver- hampton W. heat West Bro nwich A., Burnley beat Man- chest 1r City, Stoke beat Blackburn It Bolton W. drew with Leicester Fosse Burslem Port Vale heat Chesterfield, Middlesbrough drew with Walsall, Reading beat Southamp- ton, Warringen beat Stockport, Barnstaple beat Hzeter. The following competitor rent in a correct coupon, and there- fore wins the £59 prize._ _ _ _

Mr. H. Ct. Macdonald, South Terrace, Littlehamptoo, Sussex.

VIE CONSOLATION PRIZE.

The following competitors gave nine correct results. and therefore share the £lO Consolation Prize :—B W Ingrain, Uppingham ; T Hodges. Southport ; R Duckenfield, Market Harborough ; G S Lyoo, York ; H Roberts, Liverpool ; s Mason. Wandsworth ; J Mitchell Lutterworth ; G Derby, Grimsby ; R Rowe, Glasgow; S lifford, Whitehaven ;G E Parkes Cardiff ; D Anderson, Loughborough ; J A Carling, Dublin; A Cope, Dulwich; T Hodgkins, Darlington; 04. Mann, Chelmsford; A Han-ock', Bedford; B Lyons, Newport, Mon.; 0 Sims. C,-on-fal., Manchester; C F F Hutchings. CarbhalLon ; W H Brautid, Newport, Barn- staple ; D Leeson, Gritnshv ; A E Drew, Gunnersbury ; J Ellis. Mcidstone ; 0 Everest. 'I uebridge Wells ; A Arthur, Tunbridge Wells ; P Donalthen, Ilfracombe ; II Inglis, Daventry ; W Eiv,tards, Huddersfield ; T Jones, Mr•nles- field; E Paxton, Deal ; U Carter. Newcastle-on-Tyne ; Cox. Llanelly; A ,imnson, Watford ; W Hemmings, Leeds ; Miss Palmer. Holloway, N.; 3 Hawkins, Berlale ;RJR Lewis, Wakefield ; S Archer, Richmond ; J A Wilson, New- market ; E Stone. Tring ; G Palmer, Holloway, N. ; D Vernon, Lincoln ; P Sands, Chester.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUPON PRIZE.

The £3 Coupon Prize h... 8 be-rt w,n by Mr A Astiles, 32, Downing-street, Gro4venor-strect, Manchester.

THE ACCRECATE PRIZE.

Mr 11 Proctor hls scored 15 polies for the Azgregats Prize. Messrs Maple and Mason, 10 e ‘ch ; Messrs Wood, Arthur, and Pittam (H.R.), 9 eich ; dr Cook, 8 ; Messrs Astles, Critchlev. Pridgeon. and 110114E1-s, 7 each ; Messrs Funnell, Pitts.rn (V.). and Twming, 6 each ; Me,srs Bowl, Fletcher, Harris, Hutchings, Price, -;tanley, Mann, Salt, and Tugwell, 5 each. A number o' others are close behind.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO COMPETITORS.

In all cases where a scrutiny isdiiret the competitor re- questing it must forward IN., which will b returned to him if his claim proves correct. We have made several scrutinies without fee—one this we—hut we have decideck in future that competitors must.conform to the rules in this matter, as In others.

The scrutiny this w.ek wa-.'on behalf of Mr. R J J Throssell Lovely-lane, whose claim to a share in last week's consolat;on prize proves to be groundless.

WARRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX ITItE3 AND SCORES.

POINT 8 FOR AGST. Sept. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h , 8 10 16—Stockport h l5 0 23—Rochdale Horne:- s a 39 —Widnes h 6 5 7—Wigan a 14 —Millorn h 21—Salford a 21— CUMBERLAND V LANCASHIRE a 28—Tyldesley h 22 0 Nov. 4—Stockport a 4—LANCASHIHE V YOTIKSHIRF a . _

Oct.

11—Broughton Ranger, h 18 —Oldham a 25—Open Dec. 2-14 igh 2 —LANCASHIRE V CIIESHINE h 9 —Open

16—Wigan h 23—St iiel-ns h 26—(8 ,xing Day) Ilunnra a 39—Swinton a 6—Tyldesley a 13—Swinton Ii 29—SaJor,i h 27—Runcorn h 3—Broughton Rangers a 10—Oldham h 17—Wianes 24—Rochda1e Horm ts Ii March 3 —Miliona a 11—Open . 17— Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April —Open

Jan.

Feb.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBA LL CLUB, FIXTURES AND SCORES.

PoINTS. Felt aGsr Sept: 2—Wigan a 6—`lwinton h 9—Broughton Rangers b ..... 21 0 16—Widnes h 5 ...... 0 23—Oldham a 3 2 25—Tyldesley a l3 2 7—Tykiesley 11 2l 0 14—Stockport a 21—Leigh h l6 0 28—Cheshire v Yorashire a CI 9 I 8 4—Altriucham h 57...... 2 11-311flom h 18—

Oct.

Nov.

25—Salford h Dec. 2—Cheshire v Lancashire a 9—Rochdale Hornets a

16— Stoelcp•)rt h lom a 26—Warrington h 30—Leigh a I—BrougUton kangen a 6- 13—Rochdale Hornets la 20—Swinton h . . 27—Warrington a 3 —Witran h 10—Sa1ford a 17—St. Helens h 24—St. Helene a 3—Widnes a 10-01iham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 16 21- 28 —Cup Tie.

Jan.

Feb.

Mar.

WIDNES FOOTBILL COB.

FarURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOR AG'ST Sept 2.—Millom b 2O 0 9.—St Helens a 16.—Runcorn a . 23.—BroughtoiL Rangers b ll 0 30.—Warrink ton a Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 2 10

21.—Wigan a 24.—St Helns h Nov 4.—Lancaster a 11.— ,yl(lesley a 18.—Minom a 25. Tyldesley h Dec 2.

9.—Leigh a 16.—SA1ford a 23.—Rochdale Hornets a 30.—Stoekport a Jan 1.-- Swinton a ... 6.- 13.-01clhano a 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—Wigan Feb 3.—Salford h W.—Rochdale Hornets a 17.—Warrington h 24.—Stoe4!+ort is Mar 3.—Runcorn h 10.—Loigh h 17.—Cup Tie

Warrington V. Broughton Ranters. Leigh v. Wigan. Runcorn V. Millom. Swinton V. Oldham. Rochdale Hornet v Stockport. St. Helens v. Salford. Tylclesley v. Widnes. The matches will be played on the ground of the first named clubs.

T. CLARK E. " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

33 I'IARKET Sr., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, &C., &C; • - LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, aria a Good Variety of nth-r Articles usetkEind ornanientil always in Stock. , AGENT FOR THE WESLLYAN AND GENIIII,I,AL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.ivly 4.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.„

===== 0002601_18991110_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18991110_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE. It is seldom that any diseovery of esience is such as will benifit Ci ate of pToele. S nn. ot the greatest discoveries of the age, wei!e teey have proved directly benificial to teousbnis, LIR see), at least for a time, injured o:h?: theusaads. Eve some of the best medicinal preperans, hewever much they may do to remove one class of dis-ese, or quit some conetitutions, at the same time either deepen tee hold of another dis- ease, or leave it entirely untou .hed, or if thee benefit one class of patients, they may .injure another. Now the great need of the age is some sci eitifically arranged pre— paration which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country,wtuch will be certain te do goad when fairly tried, vhice will be equally adapted to the needs of the merchant and the wrkman,the professional man, and he who wll5 hie beeld by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk,the factory laind,the miner, and the roadside labourer. It sheuld be. too, such a preparation as contains, no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a direovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Idedieinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable boon to Suffering Humaaity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, and wherever proved, It has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilyna Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Toeic, which when once tried has been always recommended, and has proved success- ful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently beneficial, when other preparations at best only give temporary relief. It is strongly reclmmended an The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side. Giddi- ness, LO3B of Appetite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders. Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness, It has cften proved very beneficial to persocs from great Weaknes-e either after an illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms, or any ether cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable te colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonicoand suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is begin nine to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your ccnAi!ution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles at 23 91 and 43 61 each, but should any difficulty be ex- geriencsd in precering it, the Proprietors will forward same for the ab)ve prices, carriage free. Avoid Imita- tions. When purchesing,see the name,"Gwilym Evans," en Label, Stamp. and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Weles.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

THEFT FROM RYLANDS Bzos' WORKS.

On Friday at the Warrington Police Court, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Benjamin Taylor, 93, Forster-street, and James Barrow, Houghton-street were charged with etesling irorn the works of Messrs. Rylands Brothers on the 31st October, one hundred yards of wi apping valued at 12s 6l.—The Chief Constable said that on Tuesday last, a man named John Ellison, a warehouseman was pntting, some as rap- ping in the warehouse. After finishing his work he missed a roll one hundred yards long and thirty inches wide. The pus mere, who were carters in the employ of Mr.lsherwood had been seen near the place where the riall was missing from. Inquiries were made and it was fcaind that at about 6.15 on Tuesday evening the men wen to Mr. Toole' s promisee in Allen-l'reet. Tim first prisone" went inside and offered the wt 'ping for sale. It was rather dark at the time. Mr. Toole came out and asked what the stuff was. Taylor repiied that it was old can vase which they had had given to them. Mr. Toole gave them two shillings for it and they went away. In accordance with the law Mr. Toole asked for their names to enter them in a book and they gave false ones—After bearing evidence the magistrates committed the prisoners to eaol for a month. A WARRINGTON CARTER SENT TO GAOL.

At the Warrington Police Court on Friday, before the Mayor and other magistrates. John Baxter, a carter, re- siding in Tanner-'ane, was charged with stealing four cart loads of gravel value Gs the property of alward Isherwood, some time between Tuesday last and the previous day.—The Chief Constable said the man was employed as a carter by Mr. Ei ward Isherwood who hada contract to supply gravel for the new asylum at Winwick. It was the man's duty to cart the gravel from Richardson's pit Walton, to the Asylum. On Thursday m -nning, Mr. Isherwood being suspicious gave the man instructions to cart some manure to Acton Grange, and afterwards take some gravel to the Asylum. Ho should have returned at three o'clock in the afternoon and accounted for his time. Be did not come back till 8 o'clock under the influence of drink. Mr. Isherwood questioned the man more closely and he owned us to stealing the gravel, saying he had taken it to a Mr. Worsloy who was building in Forstrir-street and bad got a shilling for it. Inquiries were made and it was found that the gravel had b!en sold to Mr. Worley for two shillings. Be had taken two cart loads on Tuesday one on Wednesday, and one on Thursday. When charged he said " I don't call it stealing." It appeared that Mr. Worsley questioned the man, and he said that be had to take clinkers to a place and got the gravel in exchange for R.—Prisoner was sent t) gaol for one menth with hard labour. WARRINGTON PAINTER IN TROUBLE AT CIIESTER.

At the Chester County olice Court on Saturday, be- fore Mr. H. D. Trelawny and other magistrates, Arthur Wilson, a married man residing in Warrington, who has been working as a painter at Ellesmere Port,was ctiarged with assaulting Ruth Reid, Diamond-e'reet, Ellesmere Port.—Mr. E. Brassey defended.—Ruth Reid, a girl of 18 years of ate, said on the Ist November—in th 9 even. ing—she was sitting on the sofa in tho front kitchen cc Mrs. Browa's la.use, where prisoner !edged, Prisoner came in through the front door, and after giving her some snuff to take be drzgg,ed her out of the house sad took her across to a field opposite the house and com- mitted the offence with which he was now chaved.— Evidence in support of this statement was given by Elizabeth Reid, mother of the girl, Dr. Cahill and Viz bath Pafford, Ellesmere Port. —P.C. Waite said he appr.:- hended the prisoner en Thurday morning, and in answer to the charge be replied "All right."—The Bench committed prisoner for trial at the next assivs, hail be- Inv allowed on his ovra surpty of £3O or two sureties of £25.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES. Warrington Borough Police Court.

• FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberts. Councillor Smethurst,and Mr. Hepherd. f ASSLULT.—Jane Daley, Old-road, was summoned for assauting Mary Quinn. Pve's-yard, on the 29th October.— Mr. Browne appeared for cernplainant. The evid, nee was to the effect that the defendant spat in complainant's face several times —Defendant was bound over and ordered to pay the costs (14s 63) —Defendant : That's not much.—Mr. Browne Well, if it is not much I will apply for an advo- cate's fee.—The magistrates allowed 103 61 which the de- f andant paid. ASSAULT ON I Curt—Kate Griffiths. 27, Guardian-street, was summoned for Assaulting Hannah Coyne, a girl, 31, Gnardian-street, on the 3lst October.--She ivae bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the Costs, DISGRACEFUL SCENES IN GUARDIAN-STREET. —IT annah Coyne, Guardisn-street, was summoned for assault :ng Kase Griffiths. Guardian-street. on the 30th Oeober.—Mr• Browne appeared for the comple.inant. He said that at 5.30 p.m. on the date in qnestion, complainant was in her hause with a neighbour when she heard a fearful nolo." outside. She went, to the door and saw a large crowd of women re-id child! en beating tin cans and kuckets. She shut the door but it was pushed open. The women had got a prop and had put a flannel petticoat on the tr.p and were burnin.: It. A number of tin cans were thrown into the house. Defendant threw a bucket in and it hit her. Tha disturbance was continued for three hours mid the police had to be sent for. He (Mr. Browne), had advised the complainant to leave the neiyh- bourhood and eke did the previous day under the p-otectien of the police.—There was no direct evidenc3 against Mrs Coyne so the ease WV3 ‘lismissed. SATURDAY.— Before Messrs .Birchall (in the chair), and It. T. _ _

Fairclough. THE RESULT 01 A. FREE RIDE AT THE FAlR.—Henry Lewis was charged on a warrant with assaulting Edward Smith. a little hey, nu the 2nd inst —He pleaded guilty.— From the evidence it appeared that complainant was at the fair on Thursday night, and the prisoner was in charge of some roundabouts. A bey got on without paying and after- wards rushed into ti-se erowd near complainant. Prisoner Caine up and hit complainant in the !nee with the butt end of a whip —Prisoner said he meant to hit the other boy and not Sraith,—The magistrates decided to line him in the costs (9s 6d). MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Sutton, Councillors Smethurst and Shaw Green, and

_ Messrs. Birchall aryl G. Wright. AN OLD OFFRNIVER.—Mary Broderick, 14, Haydeck-street, who made her 17th appearance, her flfta this year, was, on the evidence of P.C. Carter, fined lOs and costs for making use cf obscene iangitage in Haydock-street at 7.33 on Satur- day night. Ansr.NT WITHOUT LEIN-F.—Henry Darcey was charvd with being an absent from the let Battalion South Lan cashire Regiment. stationed at Preston, since the 31st Oc': without having leave.—P.C. Edwards proved the case and prisoner was cJmmitted to prisnn to await escort. Mischm—asv.ous.—Nichael Mitchell, 18, Lower Ship Yard was fined 5s for being drunk and disorderly In Ship Yard at 11.20 on Saturday night —Willi too Coyne. 16, Percivals Fold, was committed to gaol for 14 dava for being drunk and dis- orderly in Winwick-street, at 30 on Sunday night; William Jackson, 64, Birchall-street, was fined 2s 64 for being in charge of a v,:hicle which had not a lighted lamp attached to

It on the night of the 25th Octoher.—Nlergaret Allen, news- agent ScAland-read, WAS fined in the costs, which amounted to 33 6•5 for allowing firework 3 to be expoted for SAIO on a shelf in the ,hep on the 30th ult.—P.. Cheenev proved the cue, and stated that the fireworks according to the Act under which the proceedings were taken.sheuld have been kept in an ex or eons o•lter receptacle containing nothing but fire- works. Defeeiant had previlusly been c tueiened— Henry R•.tcliff 67, Haydoek-street, Thomas Crawford, 3, Norman- street, James alynti, 5), ?inners Brown. John Gibbsns, 63, Turner-street, and John Chute-, 64, Tu-ner-stre-t, youths, were ea.th flee I 53. for plevine* at" banker " in Norman- str -et on the 29th nit.-1' C's Clough and amkay proved the case --Joseph Hampson. King-street. was on the evidence of Inspaetor Taylor. fined 10s. and costs for being drunk in charge of a [sena and a cab near he Town dell on 0..u.0b 3r 25th, the occasion of the \layer's'• At Home.' ttEeRGEss DRIVKR3 WINfI,D —Thomas Nerris, 17, Edgworth- , street, and Patriek Daley, 37. 11(3(41%nd-road, 'bus drivers, , were cuargsd with furiously driving horses and 'louses in Church-street on the 20th ult.—F.C, ilaxendale said that at 10-20 p.m. on the date in question he was on altsty in Uharch- street when he saw the defendants each in charge of a 'bus and horses. Norris was in charge ef the Fearnhead 'bus drawn by three ho-ses, and Daley was in charge of the Cemet.try 'bus with two horses. They were driving at a furious rate. He put Ws hand up to Daley but he would not stop. Norris attempted to pass Daley's 'bus, which ran late the kerb. They were racing. lie followed them to the Cernetety Ina and obtained their names and addresses.— , Defenda its were each fined 20s. I TUicebe.Y.—Before Alderman Sutton (In the chair) and

===== 0002601_18991110_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

- Should Fend two stamps for our 32 page Pluqtrated Book containing valuable information of how all Irregularities and Ots'ructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple men. RecommeOrd by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousindo (1 geou'ne unsrlioitad Teaimonals from all °viz. the Wor!d.—P. BLANCHARD, Forest-road, Wenn, London.

To MoTEIER..—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty yes.rs by millions of mothers for their 2hildren while teethinse, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain an the little eherub awakes " as bright as a button."Of all Chemists is lid per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Birch&ll.

UNHAPPY MARRIED LlFE.—Shein Ridgway. 55. Bowsaw- street was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wife Sarah Blizabeth on the 4th inst.—He pleaded guilty.—Corn- plainant stated that on Satarday evening her husband came home under the influence of drink and comma :cad to quarrel with her. He struck her on the shoulder with his clenched fist rendering her unconscious. When she recovered he made a running kick at her and she was badly b7uised about the body. He often used threatening and bad language to 11,r. —Defendant said that if the magistrates would deal leniently with him he would sign the pledge and keep it for life.— The Chief Constable ; fill you get to the next public-house. —The Bench eonvicted defendant of an aggravated assault and sent Win to gaol for a month.—A separation order was granted,defendant to pay Fis weekly towards the maintenance of his wife and f tmlly CeriSCIENTIous Oh.racTon —William Ward. 123. Pierpoint- street, applied for an order exempting his child from vaccina- tion. He stated that two of his children had died from the effects at vacainatioa —The Chairman: Who advised yo tbat they did P—Applicant : I advised myself.—The Chair- man. Had you a doctor? -Appilea It : Yes sir. -Did he inform you that they died tram vaccination ?—He said that probably they did.- The application was grantei.

WZD;ESDA-Y.—Before Mews. Geddes (in the chair) and

Mr. Birchlll.

ALLEGED TIIEFT Br A. W9MAN.-Iliz I Williams, Back Stam,ord-street, was charged with stealing a shirt value 25., the property of Thomas Fitzpatric (. 19, Pinnate,' Brow, at 5.45 the previous evening.—The Chief Constable asked for a remand till Saturday. as the article which the prisiner was charged with stealing had not been recovered by the police and a 'oat stolen from the same shop on Tuesday bad not yet ce vie into their pos.ession. Prisoner was the wife of Moses Williams, an iron-worker. She went into the shop of Fitzpatrick who was a general dealer, and was seen by a boy named Hughes to take a new pin put it under her shaw and walk away. The boy informed prosecutor of what h..d occurred and he went in search of her. He found her in that classical neighbourhood Silver-square and accused her of the theft. She at first denied the offence, but subsequently said she would pay for the shirt if he wisuld not have her looked up. He tried to detain her but was at once surrounded by a hostile crowd and had to let her go. It appeared that the woman had sold the shirt to someone on the fair ground. Information was given to the police and prisoner was apprehended by Super- intendent Monaghan. When charged sue said" I am willing to pay for what I have done if he doesn't have me locked up. '—Prisoner was then remanded till to-day.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions. bloNDAY.—BeforA Messrs. A. H. Norman presiding, and

W. Timmins.

LICENSE TRANSFER —Ernest Stephen Latham was granted a temporary transfer of the license of the Wilson Hotel. Bridge-street, lately eccupi-d by James Robinson Hall. THE BENEFIT OF A. Dounr.—A.rthur ?toward. 63, High- street, limn taa, pieaded not guilty to a charge of drunk and nisorderly.—Constable Nicholls said he was called to the de- fendant's home, on the 16th of October, by defendant's daughter. On going there, he found defendant in the kitchen drunk, and threatening his wife. who was in a corner. He also saw defendant take a purse out of his wife's pocket, after which he walked into the street. Later, witness saw him drunk in High-street, and also saw him assault his daughter. He had summoned a witness James Craig, but he was net In eourt.—Defeniant said he had two witnesses to prove he was sober.—Harry Johnson' enzineer, Irwell- lane, deposed to being with the defendant shortly before the time stated by the Constable. Howard was perfectly sober then, and ii,al been talking with him upon science subjects. MoDougall stated he travelled with Howard as far as Liverpool by a late train on the evening of the 16th. The man said he was travelling up there to be able to go to Laird's shipbuilding yard, and see the foreman before six o'clock, the following morning, as that would give him a better chance of being engaged. The man, who entered into an interesting conversation with him, was certainly not drunk then, and it woain have been impossible for a man who was drunk at 9 o'clock to be sober by eleven--The Bench, considering there was a doubt about the amte, decided to give )(award the benefit of it. OLD OFFENDERS.—Sarah Ann Hillial awl Elizabeth Twigg of Stone-street, for indulging in obscene language, on the 30th silt., were each fined es 6d including costs, or seven days in default.—There was a big list of previous convicUons standing against both. ONLY FEEDING THE BIRDS.—AN EXCUSE. TNIT DID NOT AcT.—Albert Mose (15) and Bet tram hose (13), residing with their parents in Duke's Pields,pleaseed guilty to stone throw- ing in the street, on the 29th of October.—Constable Breeze saw the boys thrawing Stones, and accused them of throwing at the telegraph wires. That, they alcnied, and told him they were throwing the stones at birds.—ltt answer to the Bench the elder boy said he was throwing stones to frighten the birds from the hedge. The younger one said he had a piece of btead and butter in his hand and was only throwing some to the hirds.—The Bench, believing the constable's story, admonished the boys, and fined them 24 63 inclading costs.

THE UNEDUCATED. —Fines ot 6d and 4s 6d costs were In- flicted upon the follewiug parents for the neglect of their children's education :—John Radiean, Weston; Joseph Senior Park-road, Weston Paint ; John Harding, Shaw-street ; Henry garg. ant, Wellington-street ; George Colecroft, New- town; James Moores, Brick-kiln Hosts .s ; Jolla Martin (tvr• cases), botts ; William Bastham, Bridgewiter-streei ; Johnson, Roglish-row. ASSAULT AT THU THSATRE.—PatriA Riley, apprehended os warrant, pleaded guilty to Assaulting Thomas Steel,cheokl taker at the Theatre Royal on the 16th of October.—Stee repeated his evidence as to Riley forcing his wty hi with a forged check and assaulting him because he tetched him back.—Police Constable Gregory (who was on duty at the Theatre) stated Ye was called in and saw Steel's face Was very red on one side. He did not tee the assault, but heard all about it. —Defeadamt s..ated lie was greatly aggravated by the way Steel was pushing him out. He did not know the check" he had WAS a wrong one. It. had been given to him by a friend vrii) asked whether he would like t) go in.— Fined 21 includin °oats.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A SLIGHT COLD

May hashn you under the daisies ; then fir your own sake, if not for your family's, don't neglezt it, it is a *lost serious thing. Remember what oprings Loo- colds, coughs to tear your lungs, catarrah of the throat and lungs. bronchitis t• weaken you and prevent you attending business, and thus losing wages, and worst of all that dreadful disease Consumption, the curse of the British Isles. New, take ammo straightforward advice, and dire ly you fee, the symptoms of a cold take a do:e of Ltvans Lung Linctus. You will at once experi- ence a delightful sensation of relief, and you will escape the risk of contractine any disease of the chest or throat. If you know anybody who i 2 troubled with their throat or lunge, be a friend, and tell him of this cerain care. It acts on the general system, and not on the parts coa- net:tied alone. thus fro .ing the bode entirely from ills. All Chem stain I Co-opnative Stores sell Lavans Lang Linctus, and the proprictr.rs. Green and Co., Balton will send a bottle, post free, is. IJ., 21. 91. or 4;, 6

===== 0002601_18991110_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Volunteer Intelligence.

Billiard matches were played on November 2nd, 3r.1, 4th, and sth, between the sergeants of the Ist V. 13. south Lancashire Regiment and the sergeants of Bth and 40th Regimental District, in which the latter were victorious by 158 points. The match was arranged by Colour-Sergeant Wilcock and Ca lour-Sergeant Foxberg. On Saturday evening after the match, tel was partaken of by the teams, Mrs. Barker, Drill Hall. having charge of the cater- ing, after which a smoking concert WAq held, Quar- termaster-Sergeant Potter in the chair, being sup- ported by S. M. DAlmage and McCulloch. Songs vvro rendered by Mr Etnon, 0.-S Wilcock, C.-S. Kelly, and Barnett, and Sergeant Thompson. The whole of the arrangements were carried out by 0.-5 Willcock and committee.

Latchford Improvement Society —The Transvaal War.

A. meeting of this s.)ciety wished in the Tem- perance Hall on Friday evening, there being a good attendance. Two persona were nominated for elec- tion. Mr Walter Hill read a paper on the " Trans- vial War : is it righteous ?" Tho essayist said the action of our own Government was unwise, and not very politic. It hastened the ultimatum of the Boers, and along with it war and death. Several speakers combated the essayist's views, and the tendency of thought was that though war was a calamity we had to see this dispute milt, and a settlement made on a firm foundation. Justice and freedom were involved, and the privileges and rights of all blacks and whites were desired and deman- ded. In 1890 public revenue was paid in the fol- lowing proportions :—By blacks 3 per cent, h y Boe a 71 per cent., and by British 89i per cent. The expenditure for objects both Boer and British alike £1,183,273, but the Boer expenditure and non- British and wholly Boer was £515,491. Let any impartial mind consider these items, as in them there was a world of meaning. No doubt South Africa was an intere,stinz problem, capable of ex- pansion, but after all there were interests at stake beyond big diamonds and big dividends.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
I N view of the approaching Foatball Season, it may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed manuf esturers. 0110. G. BUSSEY t Co., of London. EVA preparing a stock of Balls, which for quality. uniCormitv, ant durability, will be unique. These bills will be distinguished by the app.araace thereon of their well known trade mark -4-afike. Ask the 1038.1 sports Dealer for their Catalogue. II not procurable, apply to 35 311, Qaeen Victoria-street, Loudon Factories --Peckham, Loudon; an Suffolk.—Adet. *„* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must 50 sent to Use Head Office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, nat later than LO o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

Lancashire Defeat Yorkshire.

At Halifax 10,000 spectators witnessed this game en Stturday. Broadley started for Yorkshire,and the early play favoured Lancashire, but the home county's de- fence was very good. Twelve minutes from the start Yorkshire secured a footing in the visitors' 25, and from a pass by Broadley Parker scored, Sutcliffe missing the goal. This rou,ed thq Lancastrians, who from the re- start rushed to the Yorkshire end, her after Frater had a futile shot at goal, passing by Brier', Davies, and Williams ended in the last-named scoring, Frater kicking a goal. The game became faster and more keenly con- tested at this stage. The play afterwards became a bit scrambling, and there was little between the two con- tingents, toe fine work of the Yorkshire for wards neutra- lising the efforts of the Lancashire bicks. Then from a scrimmage in the vicinity of the home quarter Lawton got poesevaion, and cleverly dodged his lopponents and ran over, scoring a magnificent try, behind the posts. Frater made a miserable attempt at voal. In spite of same hard work no further points were added. Half-time score :—Lancaiiiiire 8 points. York- shire 3 points. Yorkshire started the second half in de• termined fashion. Fleteh-r was damaged a little in stopping a rush, but eons recovereit, and the forwards rushed the game only to meet with great opposition,and in the melee Robinson was injured and had to leave the field. From a loose scrimmage Hambrecht got the ball and passed to Parker,who droppe lat goal. rim leather missed the object and bounced over the line, only to be snizld by Sutcliffe, vrbo, beating Thomas for possession, scored a pretty try, earker kicked a fine goal. Davies regiFtered a splendid try. Haden failed at god. Davies making an opening passed to Tnnner, who dashed over the line and scored a magnificent try. Had. wets took the place and sent the leather over the bar. Fletcher mulled the return from the drop out, and the result was that from the ensuing scrimmage Yorkshire, throu4h Robinson, seored another try,and parker added to thc points by placing a goal. Result :—Lancsshire 16 points, Yorkshire 13 points. LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. Warrington Win at Stockport.

The return match between Wsrrington and Stockport was played at algaley Park on Saturday in fine foot- ball weather. Wartligton to ik a trnig: team away,but tound the homesters wakened by the retina to Wales of the vgular half backs, Gough and Williams. Booth and Bevan fitted the vacancy. The ground was soft after recent rain and this caused play to be rather diffi- cult, running being particularly heavy work. Mr. S. Williams Oa ford) was the referee and the teams lined up as follows : Warrin;ton . Ashurst, full back ; Fish, Jones, Isher- wood, and Harr:s. thret-quartera ; Duckworth and Hallam, half aace ; Taylor, M nrison. Swift, Board- man, Edea, Jolley, Scholtza, and ,Iderryweather, for- wards.

Stockport : Hoggarth, bae*.k ; Blake, Crocker, Worslay, and Simister, thrre-quart!.ri ; Booth and Bean, hale hick; ; Oratn, Gard-, Brinible, Faster, O'Brien, Taylor, Atkinson, and Griffiths, forwards. S:ockport woa the toss and Warrinzton had to start operations against a strong breez and bright son. Jones's initial 16cla was a failure and a scrummage was formed on tie centre line. Stockport were early peaa- lked and a strong punt by Joaes put Warrington on the offensive. Warrington got pors-rsion of the ball, E len and Merryweather dribbling down the field and upsett- ing Ho7garth near the line. Bevan kicked out and a bad mistake by Ashurst let Warrington down, Oram dribblinq to the line where Fsh sent dead in tie nick of time. Wirrington cleared the loc;mesters out, but Ash- hurst wai again at fault and G trside grassed him at the quarter lioe. Stockport attacked with determination but met with a stubborn defence. Harris effected relief, and then in a slramb'e Atkinsea was hurt and bad to be carried off the field, leaving Stock- port with only seven forwards. Tao latter worked hard however. and giving Booth possession the half back got aw,y and re:-.cried the Warrington lino before being ptelKl down. Crocker, Bevan, and Worrley passed well bu the final transfer to Blake was very poor and rolled in. Wick. Oram bad a fruitless shot at goal from a mark. Play b,came uninterestinir, anol was chiefly con- firm.' b the forwards. Just before half-time Aahurst saved daringly from Orarn and was hurt, in the process. The interval arrived with no score.

Oram restarted, and Booth was early away with the ball, making another fine run before being grassed by Isherwood. Hallam transL•rred play to the other end with a huge kick, Booth being tackled by the watc'nful Duckworth. floggarth saved on the line from the War- rington forwards. Fish h td a chance but missed his pass, mad Bevan f ent the ball into Warrington territory when kshurst again failed to &enc. Boith was cheered for another bri:is.nt dash from the scrimmage, aParn ani Isherwood checking him when nearly over. Some keen play followed, Oram and Garside being with difficulty kept cut. Stockport were pefialisei and ILl'am's kick prov-d of great service to Warrington. Morryweathzr marked in good position, but Taylor failed to rise the ball properly,and Hoggarth saved on the line. Warrington rn tintsined strong pres• sure but the conabiaation was poor in the extreme. Jones and FM both dropped at goal and failed by a trifle. From the latter's effort Elen race:l up and grounded bchinl the posts hat the referee disallo wed what app' aged a fair try. Warrington still kept at close quarters with the home line, and just before time Fish scotel a clever try at the corner atter quick passing by Duckworth, Jones and Iftherwor,J. Taylor failed at goal. Stockport were hemmed in and Fish nearly led to another try by a smart run and punt. The finish arrived with Warrington winners of a poor game by a try to nil.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Swinton v. Broughton Rangers.

Powerful fifteens represontcd the clubs in a friendly earna at Swinton, and a close game wa itnssed. Etch ream in turn tried t) boat down the orhen'sdefeneo, and s'.:ored five point, and the result was a draw. Salford v. Rochdale Hornets.

A.r,ns-siled game took place at Salford,the horno toam yie'orious by non goal an.-1 fur trims to one try (Dtvies). Pears m,oro I three tri,s, and Williams onn for S lford, Phillips kickinz thm goal.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Millom v. Tyldesley.

A fairly intresqn.4 aanv, was dec;ded at Miilom, vic- tory rtin vrith the visitors by a !.foll and two tries to one try. John' *n llf ickie gAin.fi the winners' tries, Aldred convorting one. Lathom 'col-el for Minna).

===== 0002601_18991110_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Wigan v. St. Helens.

This return mazch. at W'fzari, roiulted in a win for the " Saints " by two tries (Er tined by LiVQl'2( ige and BArnes) to tail.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Manningham v. Huddersfield.

ITi this game, at Valley Parade,Siirh plami two ppntlty goals, and Lorr m4n gained a try. for Hudders- field while Hard•ker and Gaont crossed tho line for Manniugham. Huddfrslield thus wok by two penalty goals and ono try to Manninghlm's two trios.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Castleford v. Bradford.

Castleford wns ths rcao of this ma`vh, and the home fifte,n gained a w.ll-m-rited T•ict,ry Iy to grals and three trios to nu-, try (Barraclough). Fester (two) and

===== 0002601_18991110_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two starnns for our nev., and orißinal Illustrated Booklet. ccataining plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Supnr,?ssiols, do.. may bc prPvented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicians, and thousands of Ladi,,s, being the only Genuine Remedy. his i 3 not a quack medicine. hstablished 39 years, LEsl.ll3 Nak:I.YN, Ltd,. Chemists, 31, Dalstoa-lane IWO*.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.

Salmon made tho tries, Townd converting and also kicking a penaty go4l for tha sviaryirs. Wakefield Trinity v. Brighouse.

Warrington v. Winnington Park.

The score at half-time is this int:•en at Walcafteld wax a !malty goal (Illte die) to nil in favoir uf the homes- ters. Afterwards !Aetna!fi kinked two penalty goals and converted tries by LneirwoiA mn Price, and Rowell dropped a Roal, while ,l'oboy rogis-erod a penalty goal for Brighouse. Rrsult : Wakefield, six goals and two tries ; and Brighonse, one

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Played at Warringt,in on Saturday before 1,000 spectators. Playing with the wind Winnington were early aggnmsive. ~nd chver work by Barrow caused Downie to defend. Jones and Taylor were instrumental in Warrington attackinz, and Riley,l'ierpoint, Jones,and Connor passing the last-named scored after five minutes' play. Warrington again came near scoring through the meliurn of Calmar, whose shot was well cleared by Harris. Fouls against the Warrington men were well cleared by Barrow, and a subs,quent clearance saw Aspinall tested. Toe home cus7:odian cleared effectively and futile corners fell to the credit of the Cheshire men. Woodward maintained the aggressive for the visitors, Barrow's charge was conetanr.ly harassed. Taylor missed an easy opening. A moment later, Barrom hav- ing left his charge, clever combined play by the home forwards resulted in Jas having the hardest of luck, the ball striking the crossbar. Toe tzatne continued in Warrington's favour.and shots by Riley and Taylor were well cleared by Barrow. Riley put on a second after clever play in front of god. Even play followed, and Downie haadesd through his owe goal. Play during the second half deteriorated, and for a lengthy priod no- thing of any interest was witnessed. In the concluding stage the Warringtoaians made a hot attack on the Win- nington goal. but faulty shooting sp tiled many favour- able openings, and the end arrived with the score two goals each.

Earlestown Albions v. Haydock Nondescripts.

Played at Flayd )ck on Saturday. The Albions had to face a strong toren, in th initial half but notwith- standing this they w.re th fi to become daGgerous and Davies struA the up i ,th a a grounder,the Loather rebounding into pias, aau b •ing cleared. A• sudden break away by the hornoatere forwards was fol- lowed by a pretty centre from the left wing. The wind carriel the ball clean round and nut ct the reach ef Latimer no one b •ing more surprised at the rapid curve the ball took than the custodian himself. Soon after this Barton saoreal the hornssters second goal from long range. No more scoring was done to the interval al- though the Albions had prac.Eaaliy ad the play. On re- suming with the wind the visitors were eooa hovering rluud Fairhurst but try as they would they could not score, the leather seeming to go anywhere but between the sticks. Principally from break-aways the Nonde- scripts scored three (fore goals and thu,a won by five goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Liversedge v. Leeds.

Playinc t Liversedge, tut, horns team led at tha inter- val by eight points to nil. iftar changing, ends tha visitors playod up well and drew level, thereiult beim, a draw of eißht points each.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Leeds Parish Church v. Batley.

A fairly interesting game was witnepied at Crown Point, Batley wianine by one go ti and thre ttia. to one goal and tied tries. Davies, Corcoran, and Sutelin were protaissat.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Holbeck v. Hull.

lYst wexthsr pilel this match at Holbeck. and Ogden got over trirs for the home side. the latter sow/ening his owe ; whil• Tanner ran irs twice Lir Hull, who bat by six points to eiglat.

Hull Kingston Rovers v. Bramley. The Rovers plavin i their owai ground, lent the visitors by one goal an,i a try to ail.

LANCASHIRE " A " TEAMS COMPETITION, Warrington " A " v. Stockport "A."

This n.t was played at Warrington on Saturday botore a ia,rge number of spectators. Fairhurst kackA off for Warrington, who at ones pressed, and from a kick out at touch Ratctifts scorel a try, M)sau failing at goal. Play was then c mfiaed near the Stockport goal far some time, Fairhurst playing well; From a scrimmage Moores got the tall and scored the second try for the home team; Mason male a goad attempt at goal, the ball striking the aide pest. Warrington con- tinued to hold the upper heal, and K. Rate scored. At half time the score was : Warrio gton, three tries (nine points) ; Stockport, nil. Stockport res'arted. Smart Passing between Ratcliffe and Allen resulted in the former selriese a try which was sot, however, improved upon. The Warrington forwards played well. and Fair- hurst distinguished himself with some good rune. Jewkes registered another try for the hotnesters. War- rington e-intinuel to maintain the upper hand, and Jewkes getting the ball, passel to Ratcliffe, who scored. Stockport pressed but their effarts t-) score were of no avail, and th. game retulted its a win for Warringten by six tries (18 points) to nil. WEST LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE. Warrington St. Mary's v. Runcorn Recreation.

At Wairington on Sturdy. Tbe borne team early took up the aggredsiw, and Warburcon landed a fine goal. Daring the slcond half the Recreation :iad the wind in their favour, and tile issue was never in doubt. Pendlabour scored two tries. Run.lorn Recreation, eleven points ; St. M4ry'a, two.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Defeat Altrirrtham.

Having no league fixture last Saturday Runcorn en- tertained Altrincham on the !rifell-lano enclosure in a friendly before a small attendance. From start to finish Runeorn were the only tem in th 4 costest, and Altria- chant were cen:inually compelled to defend. Walkor was the first te score, and Houghton converted. Butter- worth secured the next try, and again the home captain coaverte.-i, thougla the ball struck the upright. Faulkner followed with a t:y and once again the major points were added by Houghton. Butterworth tecured toe next two tries and one war again cenvertlihl. The younger Butterworth then got over. It half time Rut.- cern had easily put en 27 points. Continuing to have matters their own way Runcorn put on at other 31 points in the second moiety, whilst Altrincham were lucky enough te drop a goal from a penalty. Final re- suit: Runcorn, 57 points ; Iltrincliam, two points.

Fletcher Russell's Engineers v. Runcorn "A.

Played at Warrington, on Saturday. The home team were very poorly represeeted,whilst the visitors brought a strong team. Rencorn won the toss, and Fletcher's commenced ag that the wind, and Jones failing to re- turn, play was cnitfined te Runcorn half, till a clearance was affected by Foster. Ruecorn pressed and Thompson cleared when a sore seemed certain. The visitors broke away, and after pressing for ten minutes Nickson opened the scoring for ttuucorn, Dyer missing the goal. The restart saw Fletcher's pressing, and several times luck alone kept them from scoring. Foster eventually cleared, and play was transferred to the other end, Hemblett stopping a determined rush. From the scrim- mage which followed Nicksan passe to Jones. who scored the second try, Dyer kicking a splendid goal. The kick off, and play confined in:stly to centre, until Rid- ford broke away, and scored near the posts for Flet- cher's. The goal kick wan successful. Play was taken , to the herne line, and Futhn effected a smart clearance. Foster (Fletcher's) intercepted a pass bet oral cohered I before be got dangerotic The Engineert had a fine 'chance of getting the lead at this stage, but Tnompsen threw tins ball away. Foster (Runcnn) again cleared, and the withers prettied stroegly, the remit being that Jones again scored for Runcorn, Dyer missing the goal by inches. Half-time : Runcorn "A," oae goal, three tries ; Fletcher Russell's, one goal, one try. After the interval Runcorn pressed, and in a few minutes Hamblett was forced to kiak dead. Toe drop-out to ik play to centre where 12 viford ant Fetter did fine work for the home team, but of no &veil, and Nicksen getting the ball crossed ;he line again. Dyer made a goal attempt at goal. A complete change cams over the game at this stage and Refl.:ere were showing their superiority at every point, ant befor, the flush :3 anley scored the fifth try. Final Runcorn " A," one goal, five tries (17 points) ; Fietcher Russells, one goal, one try, (five points).

===== 0002601_18991110_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Widnes " A " v. Latchford Rangers.

This friendly match took plate at Widnee on Saturday. Triers was a poor attendarcs. Latchford started pith a strong wind b-hind them, and began to press. Foster and Eiochem relieved. Widnes worked their way down to the visitors' lines, and Foster secured a long kick and passed to Lomax. Kinsella made a futile drop at goal. Shortly after Jones crossed over, but Alford's kick was blown back. A penalty to Widnes was touched down. Ashten mulled the ball and nearly let his opponents in, but a knock-in epliled the opening. Latchford go: away with a swing, and Kinsella was forced to concede a minor. A lot t scrambling play foliowei, and D quail put in a useful run and kick From a scritnn3age Nevins pass:4 out to Lomas, who got his kick in and followed up smartly, and the fipal touch was put on by Nevins. AlforTs kick hit the posts. Latchford got into the homo qu ,r;eili again, an I DEgnall receiving from Jones touched down at the corner. No goal resulted. Widnes were again pressed,and Corless saved brilliantly. Half-time : Widnes " A," two tries ; Latchford, one try. lo the second moiety Widnes had it much their own way, and led their visitors a merry dance. Not once did LAtchford loek like scoring. Three tries ware added by Kinsella, one by Lomax, and a goal by Alfori. Those three players and Foster, Corless, and Nevins did yeomen work. Final score : Widnes " A," one goal six tries (2) p )ints) ; Lltehford, ono try (three points) HEAVY PENALTIES ON KINGSTON ROVERS.

l'he monthly meeting of the Nor them Union was be! ie Me.echester on Tuesday. Barrow a uccessfully ap pealed agaiest the Lmeashire Second Cempetiti >ri hay in deducted two points from the scere in the table Halifax appealed against the decision of the Yorkshire Senior Critt nittem in refusing the registration of some 400 junior players. Evidence was adduced show- ing that flee plevere in question had been signed on informally, and the appeal was dis- missed. There was a serious charge against Hull Kingston Rovers of a breech of the professinnal laws in having played Sinclair when he had net been fulfilling the working clause. The charge had been fully investigated by the Professienal Sub-eommit-ec. On 'rue-day eight the General Committee confirmed their action, and after careful consideration it was resolved that the Hull Kingston Rovers be fined £lOO, and Sin- stair was suspended to April 30, 1902. the Rovers secretary will severely censured for hi si conduct in the matter. Todmorden were ordered to giv eWightman, of Rochdale Hornets, his transfer on B form in accerdance with the written promise given him when he siened on for them. Rochdale Hornets were severely censured for wirihg Tolmerdenowarniog them not to play Wightman. An important applicatien was made by the National Uzion Ass-c:ations of Football Players, re the formation of a new athletic body, and the committee decided they were unab'e, at present, to deal with the matter.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton-le-Willows v. Kirkdale.

The above friendly WWI played at Newton. The visitors opened the play. Althaugh playing against a strong wind, Kirkdale had tie btnt.r of the opening exchange. Ashton, however, played a sound game at back. Toe Necirron man eventually gat into their stride and gave the viaitine• defence some trouble. Lightfoot was twice called upon to save diffieailt shots. The visitars retaliated, FlorreAra making his initial save. Newton quickly returned to the attack, and a laulley en- sued in the Kirkdale goal, till ball going over the bar. Half-time—Final : Kirkdale 3, Newton 1. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. White Star Wanderers v. Haydock.

, Played at Marsh-lane, on Saturday afternoon, in , showery weather, before a sparse number of spectators. Preliminaries having been arranged, Hulligan started operations, and the game opened fast. The Star were at once prominent, but were soon put to the rightabout, the Haydock forwards going away in a body, Roberts missing a grand opportunity by shooting over the bar. A. spell oi oven play folio wed, and then M'Ewan, on the Star wing, made a splendid unaided rue, and, steadying himself beautifully in front of goal, scored a grand goal. From the centre rf aydock raided the hdme territory, but the homeJters were sOOO at the other end and gained a corner, which proved abortive. A similar contipliment was pad to the visitors be Galatia, after a pretty run be Fielding, and from this Riberts equalised. For some mivates the game was evenly contested, both teams striving hard to gain the major point. It was not, however, until a low minutes off time that Peate, from a pass by M'Ew an, plac4d hia side ahead. Half- i time—White St tr 2, Haydock 1. Final, White Star 4, Haydock 2.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE. Results up to Date.

Goals.

Phi. Won. Lost. Drn. For.—Ag-et. Pts. Prascot leacomami Swifts 5 ... 4 ... 1 ... 0 ... 11 ... 7 ... 8 Warrington ... Traumas.. Rosters 4 ... 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 9 ... 4 ... 5 High Park.— Peaslay Cross Aditaglon 4 2 2 ... 0 10 ... 11 ... 4 Bamfurl'g Rovers 4 ... 1 2 ... 1 ... 3 ... 8 ... 3 Cite I borne 6 1 .. 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 12 ... 3 ra'cials Ulesl 3 ... 0 ... 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 4 ... 1 Parr 3 0 ... 2 ... 1 ... 3 ... ... 1

THE TWO JOSEPHS.

FIRST JOSEPH. Conceive me. if you can. A Cobden-and-Bright young man, A radical wonder Of fury and thunder, A red republican ; Who thinks that war's a woe To which we should not go, Describing as gory The cabinet Tory Of Salisbury and Co. A down-with-the-Lords young man, An up-with-myself young man, A vioiously rancorous, Rather cant .akerous, Very sharp-tongued yonag man. SECOND JOSEPH. Conceive rue if you can, An utterly chvaged young man, Who thinks it a glory To rank as a Tory And fight in the Jingo Tan; A Soul that soars on wings With lords and queens and lOngs, And now nevt.r mentions Such matters as pensions Or mere pa, ochial things. A noole-seulact young mall. Alexandr s-the-flreat young man, A most ministerial, Ultra-imperial, Trurnpat-and-drutra young man. FIRST JOSEPH. A borne-affairs young man, A Water-and-gas young man, A nuisanea-inspectoring, Chairman-lirectorlng, Brummagem-mayor young man. SECOND JOSEPH. A foreign-affairs young man, A paint-the-map-red young man, A fierce b'ond-anu-thundering, Set-the-world-wondering, Grab-what-you-can young man. First Joseph. An angel-of-oeftoe young mat, Seconi Josen't. A daysl-of-w tr young First Joseph. A live-the democracy. Second Joseph. Old-aristooraey, Enseins'e. Much-in the-way young torn,

" Punch."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
"A SWINDLE."

This P.era has been g in the mu ach of the Australian press :—" A. Swindle" is the name that appears over the door of a struggling lawyer in an upTe)antry town in New South Wales. A friend of the unfortunate gentle- man suzzosteA the advivahility of his writing out his name in full, thinking the, Arthur or Andrew Swindle, as he case might tx,would look better and sound better than the significant " A. Swindle," When the lawyer, with tears in hi; eyes, whispered to him that his name w4s A-dam, the friend uuderstol, and was silent.— " Inland Printer."

Death of Mrs. J. Malin Ede!sten.

It is with regret that we record the death of Mr s J. Malin Edmiston, of Quer:Acid, Latchford, which took place on Saturday,in Lonlvn,after undergoing a severe operation. The deceased lady was deeply respected in Warrington and district, and she will be much missed by a large cirAe of friends with whom she had made herself very popular. She leaves a husband and two sons to mourn her loss The two latter are Dr. Ernest Edeisten, of London and Captain J.A. Edelsten, of Warrington. Loyal Orange Institution, Annual Ball.

The annual ball in connection with the local branch of the Loyal Orange Institution of England was held in the Assembly Room of the Conservative Club on Monday evening. The arrangements had been admirably carried out by a committee consist- ing of _Messrs. W. Bloomfield, DM., M Edwards, J Wright, A Bloomfield and W J Bloomfiel4 (secre- tary) and a most enjoyable evening was spent. About sixty couples put in an appearance and dance music was supplied by Mr. Alfred Wright's band_ The catering, which was in the hurls of Mr. Wat kins, manager of the Club gave great satisfaction. Mr. J 1 Bloomfield officiated as M.C. The proceeds were in aid of the Benevolent fund.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TEP''S I !TILE CAR IVERPILLS. 1 Szz f7r, Frice. 4,64 .TTLE Forty in a, IVER vial. V r f -Ea hit,

t 18. 1h- Wed. Ci1.L.".4-AS.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BaCTIFUL TEETH for aU who nse daily on rho to•:,th ;rush a kw dropa of

SOZODONT

pleasantest ciPrill.frica world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces ber.ween them lignothinelse wll. Eon ;ie.. nyad pen:rfy teeth. :2,:q7 lips, and 11.nt e?:snre.d. Neic far SOZODOZIT.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
AN) ,EttArtimt,...Ll).SniALlsrcrt;., Situated in the finest Whisly-pm:lnch-Ift district of Scotland gre the property of W. end A. Gilbey, and the rphisky made from Horn -grown Barley only. " Glen-Spey." 3s. 6d nd ••Strath•nill." 38. 6d.. Fold by W. and A. Gr".BEY gents in every town.—Adrt.

ASK or CUNNING-HAI'. HIGH--MASS MINEP‘i, WATIOS.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18991110_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
together."

GEORGL From a photograph.)

Those who suffer from bronchitis and asthma, arid other forms of chronlc throat or lung affections, will be glad to know of a remedy which can be re- lird upon. There is nothimg more annoying than a local irritation of the throat which seems to haag on in spite of all specifics taken to relieve it. Sleep at night is restless, the appetite becsmes fittul, and gradually the health is completely uncierm:ned, so that the body is a prey to any disease that may be lurking near. Thinking that a letter having hearing upon the subject may be of interest, we Liko pleasure in bringing it before you :- 11, Jobson Terrace, Stanley, "Crook. Co. Durham, "November 2ad, 1898.

" Dear Sirs,—l have great pleasure in testifying to the benefit I have derived by taking your valu- able Scott's Emulsion. For several years I have been a sufferer from bronc!ritis and asthma, which at times prevented is from following my work for weeks and months together. In January last I had a very severe attack, and was told that I should never be able to fellow my employment again. I tried many different things, but without getting much relief. Having read of the benefits of Scott's Emulsion in all chest complaints, I resolved to give it a trial. Before I had finished a large-sized bottle of the preparation I began to feel a great change for the better ; the phlegm began to loosen, the wheezing ' grew lees, and my breath- ing was very much better. I there! ore cow-

which at nines prevented me from following my work for weeks and months

tinued the treatment, and when I bad finished the second bottle I felt much stronger and better in every way. lam now quite a new man, and feel stronger and am in better health than I have been for ten years,whiclo all the people in this neighbour- hood could testify to, for I am well known here, having lived in and about Crook all my life. When I commenced taking Sontt's Emulsion last May, I had been out of work for five months, but I have now been at work four months, and have not lest a day. I think the speaks volumes for what Scett's En:110310n has done for coe,and I can assure you that I feel very grateful to you sod vsi,,b your preparation all the success it so justly merits.—l am, gentlemen yours gratefully,

"(Signed) GEORGB Scott's Etnallon is a well-known atandard remedy, endorsed by physicians, and in perfect accord with medical practice. It centains cod- liver cil, hypophosphites, and glycerine in their most ideal form. In Scott's Emulsion the oil is rendered sweet to the tiste and easy of digestion. Scott's Emulsion is much more than a specific, b- nause in addition to giving relief to the inflamed membranes, it also feed! ths blood with the most nourishing prop!r:ici oh Led, and thus strengthens the_systeni.

You can obtain a samplo of Scotr3 Emulsion by sending thrr4e2os to cover poste t() Scott ar Bowne, Limited, Ilaseufacturing Chemists, 95 Great Saffron Hill, Lsoadon, lif.C., and mentioning this paper. All caemists sll Seott'J Emulsion.

_____—.•__ .., „,. ... ' _ -,..,„ A 4.!,••••,.... , _ • ..--: - . , _______,z4Nt \ • .44::: ..,/,.-....,..,..:.." '.. •:::::::::::::::::::-, , , #o' / )y, f. : ".... .. ::::::::: ..... ::::•,, V 4/47 -,..-..,--.:•:-=‘ '":.-,':'.*:.::•:i!iiiiiiiHiisE,,j,... \ . ////e. ".....r i ,:::i7i:••::::”:::::::::::. 0,•;,:i'.1.•;;• 'i ~I ' ::::::•:•t. . ............. . ::: ....... . • ,'.-...-.. ~ • ritt•f,;•ic ' i ...;:i:•::::::,••::> .- ..—... •:.::::ii........-- f.,/,-/,' , 4.;.............,........ „,,,,,,....-.:. :.___-.--4-.7-r-,-,- _,---- ~..,4 ~,, ~.,;,....,........:.;4.....,.-..--.... :....,.....-_--,,,r,,,r., . ...,-;1-4epristc,1 fr-• ! . 4:''....f.:.P...-:',7 #4eIM.U.: .."::..:.: .. 't.,..„--,,...7.:-.0,0= ~.1,,,....:..„,,,t....,,..„..„:„.„ ....... ..„:„.::„.„.„.„...„...,. ‘,.., ~.„...t ;,::,:,,,-,:,:„.„.„:„....,..,., .._.,..... ....7:77f.:.:::•::-.-. ...... '1 ' 41,7i'i...., ..:::•:::*:::**41........ .'....- . . ...:.....::',-:....--7.tigiigifig.A. e- ... h;,:: ••••.;:,......! . -.. . : ~'...0 ,•.:. . ..--.7:-...ii.,,i:::::::::-,----::. , \:, ./".::•:...;:,,.,,,•• -;::::•::::::-.::;::'..: ...... ,i':i.:.6 '•,.....,,___.,,".ZiEi...i.f. i _ . , • • • •• •-• ".I,....:::::',;:•.:;i::iiiiii • • 'F:= .”. • '”fiEFi,-Fr."--0- ..., r.........1.:2.., ~=.1::,:,....:!:::::::,:i:;F::::i , - :',. le.;•;,".-4,:. -.:. .. . a::::.:::„ . \ . ~;,.44Y.:::..1.:•.:.....:•.:.:**::::::','.:,4; 1 ..,./.,, At...,,,,,,,,,,._ ~,„::...:,... ~...........,..,.:„....,:........„........... .....,...: ....:,., .„......•.: .. _„,,:...„..„,.....,....„„ ~, , ....„.„::::::::::::::::::„::::::::„.„, 0f.,.......:.....::::::::,....„:„...,......„....,.:.... ~:717.......•'. ' N'ff.:•••,• :-...---......"=..=.. . • .... .........:•:„::::::•::::::•:::::::::::::::::, • '.....,..::::,....: :,........,,,,,,,...,.......:-..: ,: '(.7,........::::".., .... - .. -,-... -...-.---..:Fhn . ::•:-...,..1 ............:,,..........f..::.•:::••.:1'.•'....,:•:,......,%::::•. • .:: ',...-... •••••: ....... .. - --gr-7:77,F•'...: :.' '..' .. :: .:' • ' :?:•::::'::::::::::::::::•::•::::; 5:•••::::.',•,..::',fi:1::',....:..,••• • .............4:•,,, ;,,;.•••• '•,::. .............. ..: . : ..... ~,,:. . i:,,:::,.::::..,„.,.:4„, .. ~...:.:.:.':•...::.:•:,::4:•.:•::•:::7:::$' ."...,..,...,::.::::::,,,::::::.:,.,•:::,:::::::::?....:,:::::::.*; :::.i::i.•;Z,,,,::::::. . ''''' . - ..• .i."). ..:- .• • .:,•:,.;::,...:::••..:::.::;•::.",.::,....1 .....,,...........:.*:.::::::;:...:.f.:*::::::::%:!:;:1:::?.:.::;,,....f,,,...., . : --•:•,,--"" .... ~.......,,,:,.1 ::..: ..:*: \ •,:.,:::;..::.:;::::::•.:.:::::::•;:•:::.:.... w,...........z.„...........gi57'.:-.;:=.*:-------- /?'''' ...II:: ..: ,1...... ii :::.:' .. \' '::: ::::::i''...*:;'...‘:i:f .i;.4.:•:5 ..:: ... . ...i."!1.E..i..?..: .: ..:1 . .....r.:.......1-....::::•;:.:::::::,,/::::::::::•.,,2,.:,.,:::::::,,A;Viz, ....................... i„ ........... /..0... ..:...:::.:. Nz:•...::\,),.%:::::.:...:::::::.:NA 1•••:,!:•:.•':•:;.'2. -........ • • . .....- ..:..-2,:ii.ilil.:jilliiiig::?_, . ...... -......-..,............:...0 ~...,.,...,. ~ , ~, —,...... ~, , .....,,,,„,„,,,,-; ............,..,..: /,-- ./. ~/;,..!..::.:7y.,...4„ 1.t:::.....1.....:......P7/,,, - . i; , --..:'1.,::,:',1:f.,-iii*.',,::::4„::.:*re..57..z...7 / ,o, ;,,e , --...a,p.,,,-01a: r.k.:::::.:.........,..:' / , ~,,,,3,. I/ 7 . ••••;:17:1 '1ief.r,..',.41',„40:49 ,t•-::-.1.;,,r• ' •,.. \*. N ..............X .....• .....i, A. (:., ~, , t.,,,, ..0 N '..'‘/ 1,11 .4r..,,.. •.,,,,,,,,,,,„,..,,, , ...„........„.,.., i:::.,i....,.::::* , ..x...„,„- 4 • ...;, ii,i'.,..,.., ;,,,,,,-•,.:,,,-,,,...,-4,\„, :\ ......--.:.....:*......4 / i / ..,', ',: ...i.: .fi A.., , , ......v , ;....„...,:i ....., .-, \ • ' ~........5......,,, / / ..-...........::...::::... fif '-i/ : ' 4 , ,k'.: ,ff,,,,„ fil 411 ~ .11.i.,,c,i.4.rt0 k .1%,•\ \ •.:::::•::::::::.:*:::::?., -",:::::::::::,....::::::.:::::•:, /1: / 1,," ''' --,1 i, / ,iii.k .;;,,,t, 41,:„. ,_.„_..,,,,, ~,, ts A \ \ ....y......::::.::::3:::::::::::::.-.:::::::::.? \ ... . . . \ k ;:ii......i.iii............ ....:::':'..." / /. "// i!. 4.\% \ ‘\' \ ,\,..X....0..?....5.....:::.....-....:-.-.:.-;....'. \ . ~,,:,.. ::Y.........;:::•'.:::.:.:::::::‘........:1> ... ::. ::.'ili/..iiii;l:Viiiil ,:,,,,,,,,. ~, . , . , , I I i ; ; ; ...:; :•,.. A ~...,.....V.,,,::-::::::::... '... ' • ......::::i:::.:::::.::::,:::.:::::::;:::‘ . :.:.....:.i.:l/.:ii,..,•l::•ili,'il.ilili ...... ! ii : ' '' ' 1 ''.. .......: ..: ' .' : ' . . ..: . . :.:-..' .' ' 7 ShAe ISP

===== 0002601_18991110_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE. AR MER'S ARMS, FEARNHEAD. JOSEPH ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fearnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms. GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time at reasonable charges. Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison's latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALE% and Stout. Wines, bpirits, and cig.rs of the Best Quality. A FIRST-CLASS • PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED ARTIST. Every Chas of Photographic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHER GROUPS A SPECIALITIE.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 158. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CIIIJIOII-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DUNE ON THE PRIQIISEB.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ag a

===== 0002601_18991110_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18991110_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES PLAYED NOVEMBER 18

1 Notts. Forest v 'Z Manchester City

1 Glonop North End v 2 Notts. County ...

1 Burnley v 2 lieweastle United ...

1 Preston North End v 2 Sheffield United ••.

1 Stoke v 2 Bury ... •••

1 New Brompton v 2 Totteieham H. ... ..

1 Millwall Athletic v 2 Sheppey United ... a

1 Halifax v 2 Batley ... ••• •••

1 Cardiff v 2 Swansea

1 Leeds P. Church v 2 Hull ... ...

===== 0002601_18991110_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL !PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISRPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. BAST OF APPLICATION. A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD RALLY.

Band of Hope Children in Parr Hall. There was again a large gathering in Parr Hall on Thursday last week, when the third united rally in con- nection with the Warrington Band of Hope Union was field. The president of the Union (Mr. R. A. Naylor) occupied the chair, and he was supported on the plat- form by Councillor Ellison. Rev W Bracecamp, Rev J S Hughes, and Mr E Lloyd Jones (secretary). The Arch- deacon of Warrington (the Ven Archdeacon Madden, M.A.) arrived at a later stage of the proceedings and delivered an address. The Band of Hope Union Choir was also accommodated on the platform, and under the conductorship of Mr Walter Brough swig several choruses in a highly creditable manner. Mr E Wilkes, A.L.C.M., presided at the organ. The soloist for the evening was Mr John Henry, R.A:M. whe sang" Why do the Nations Rage " (Handel) and "Guiding Light." The music of the latter song was the artiste's own composition, and Mr Henry scored a distinct success. An interesting item was the dialogue "Mrs Maggs is caught" by members of the Stockton Heath Band of Hope. The characters were taken by the following : Mr Maggs, Mr George Moss ; Mrs Maggs, Miss Sarah Jane Worrall ; Billy, Master Bonn Moss • Mr .Kidney (the butcher), Mr John Worrall • Mr Sponge,(the baker), Master Robert T Jones; Mt Chall(the milkman), Master Bertie Hughes ;Mr Fatface (the publican), Mr Bradford Kenworthy ; and the pliceman, Me Septimus Moss. A recitation entitled " I mean to be a man" was also given by Master G Whitfield. The CHAIRMAN at the outset complitneuted the choir • upon their excellent singing and paid a tribute to the services of Mr. Brough as conductor and Mr. Wilkes as organist. He felt sure they could not devote their energies, time and means for the advancement of any. movement that needed assistance more, and was calcu- lated to do more good than the movement in connection with the Band of Hope Union. (Hear, hear.) The March they had just sung had quite a martial air about it. Everyone knew they were eugagrd in a terrible I war. That was not the occasion to expres3 any opinion on that war, but every true I patriot must hope that the army of the Queen would succeed and come off victeritus. (Applause.) He was only talking to a man in the town that day who might be called up for active service. He had fought in the Soudan campaign, and he told him (Mr. Naylor), that he would not hesitate to go to-morrow to join his company and fight for his country. (Applause.) That was a noble spirit, but they wanted a lot of fight- ing at home. Ho believed it was the late Duke of Albany who eaid that this country had only one enemy to fear, and that wsa strong drink. (Applause.) The temperance question needed to be considered just as that great war. What was drink doing in this country ? It was desolating houses, robbing little children of their right, and sending thousands every year to a drunk.ird's grave. They in the temperance movement believed they were right on this question and did not intend to give in. (Applause.), Archdeacon MADDEN, in the course of an earnest ad- . tress, said it was a sad fact that when people gave way to drink they seemed to lose all sense of truthfulness. He had been told lies by the hundred for the sake of trying to" wheedle "him out of fourpenee or sixpence for drink. He based his objectien to the drink 'traffic on the ground that every public-house was more or less a source of moral degrade.- datioire wherever it was placed. That was a string assertion and be realised the seriousness of it. Did they ever hear of a philanthnpist giving money hr the erection of a public-house for the benefit of the com- munity ? (Hear, hear.) It was for all of them to ask themselves what was their duty in the face ot such a trafficwhich was sapping and undermining the welfare of the community, Unless they had faced this goes •tion as intelligent men ad women they lid not risen

===== 0002601_18991110_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
'WARRINGTON EXA.MIN lthe Competitor Ins to do i

===== 0002601_18991110_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
'EH" SERIES COUPON. is to repeat the number of the Club h e selects to win in the

:8 19 1 10

===== 0002601_18991110_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS

OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS.

to their duty as citizens and as beings worthy of taking I their place in the future of this great country. (Ap- plause.) He had no sympathy for those who sat on the hedge in regard to this question. It was useless of people crying out for the Government to do something; the Government would not move in the matter until the.people had made up their minds as to what they wanted. It was for the working men of this country to make their voice heard on this question, but they would not do so until a public opinion bad been created amongst them. At the present time working- men were the best customers t 3 the publicans, and a great work needed doing in getting the working-classes on the side of Temperance. This could only be done by every person who believed in temperance using his or bee influence in the sphere in which they lived and worked. (Applause.) The services of the speakers and singers having been acknowledged, a successful meeting terminated with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANCELLOR ESPIN AT

WARRINGTON.

The anniversary service in connection with the ) Warrington Church Society was held in St. Paul's Church on Thursday last week. There was a fai congregation, the preacher being the Worshipful Chancellor Espin, D.D. The service was intoned by the Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth, and appropri- ate hymns were sung. Chancellor Espin preached an excellent sermon, taking for his text Timothy 3, 15, "The House of God, which is the Church of the Living God, the pillar and the ground of the truth." He said that the Church Society was by its name an association of a raligious character and unless it in some way represented the church and did something to promote church principles it was false to its title. Just as a mechanic's ' institute was designed for the advancement of Imechanics, so was the church society for the advance- ment of the welfare of that great religious union, the I church. What was the church ? In the first place by the church they did not mean the established church. They valued its position as a national institution, and they meant to keep that position, which he thoeght they could do. The established church was an anvil that had worn out many hammers, and he suspected that it was going to wear out more hammers yet. The church existed ages before England became a nation, and it was more correct to say that the church created the state than the state created the church. Had it not been for the church there would not have been an English nation at all. The preacher observed that he had seen correspondence in " The Times " respecting the propor- tion of Romanists in the country. Is was stated that eight thousand converts were made each year. If they considered they would find that that was somethi g like seven henared in each month. The population of hose Weeds was increasing at the rate of about twenty three thousand each month, so that it was nothing very much after all. Nothing was said of the numbers who left the church of Rome to come to the Church of England. The bulk of the converts to Roman- ism were not from the Church of England but he was told from the Presbyterian church. The Church of Eng- land,however,should attempt an enrichment of it forms of -worship. They must have new services,a second even- song and a form for the burial of infants, amongst other things. The church in America had accom- plished both of these and he thought that if the American church could do it they could also. It was one of the duties of their society to bring forward these church queEtions and carefully discuss them, and if possible pass resolutions respecting them. The preacher concluded by impressing upon the congregation the work that the Church Society should do and asked the members to set an example by thei own personal habits—A etAlection was taken in aid or ,the funds of the .S.OC'E ty.

TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge -6 30. 7 45, 852, 11 2, 120. 3 35,4 45, 7 20, 8 30. Sundays 7 56, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 26, 12 48, 18, 7 18, 8249 57 Sundays 9 20, 2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. &S. W.)-3 10 550 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 5 50, 7 25. ,:undays 3 10, 12 40, 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48, 1252 45 5 45, 6 50, blO 3".) 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 bßxcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30.10 48.12 30, 347. 753 Sundays, 801, 4 47 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,10 35. 1 40, 3 15, 5 23, 835 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 12, 7 35. Blackpool (Central) -7 55, 8 25, 10 0, 2 55, 4 10, 4 58, 55, 6 50. 815, lu 8 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25. 12 30, 5 55,7 15, 8 35, 10 50. bundays 820 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle- al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 68, 1 40, 1 60, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42, Sundays 12 5 a.m., 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 101p.m. aMondays excepted. Chester-2 17, 650,8 45. 1010. 1130, 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 4 50, 6 5, 7 30, Sundays 217, 9 35, 7 55, 115. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24. 11 24. 12, 38 18, 1 38,2 10, 3 10, 4,1, 5 38,, 623, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 1046. Sundays 7 15, 8 ICa.m. Crewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 2), 11 15, 11 33, 2 25. 250 4 15, 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 21. 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20, 4 55. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48., Sundays 7 21, a.m. I 45 p.m. Derby-7 40, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30. 6 22, 6 55, S 35. alixoept Mondays. Rarlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25 12 42, 16, 18, 1 42, 13. 3 11, 3 14. 5 15, 5 42. 5 52, 630 733, 88 9 10, 9 20, 120, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 3 45, 7 N Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 29, 327 5 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 82, 257,52. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 31, 657, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Uaraton (Cheshire Lines)-732. 80,90, 90, 10 48,111 40 12 0, 14, 2 11, 351 456, 59. 553, 657, a 910 Sundays 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 10 10, 2 0,2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMon

day eieepted. txolborne-6 44,18 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15, 9 9. Sundays 9 40, 75. Mough Green-7 45, 15, 99,10 3, 1055, 1.17 130, 2.22 316, b 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38,9 15. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 55,9 4 9 10. lrlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 unday 8 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0. Latclatord-8 14, 8 40. 9 34, 10 2, 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 3 0, 4 22. bb 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749. 96. 9, 42.1127. Sundays 823 2 33,7 23. aSaturdays only. bßaturdays excepted. Liverpoolrvia Harlestown)-1 0 a 2 05,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 15. 1 50, 610 4 25, 4 50,5 65.7 5, 8 25,10 5.11 b,. Sunday, 1 07 30,9 20. 6 30,8 54 a xlondays only. Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25: 8 20, 95, 50, 230, 1 25, 2 40, 4 20, 5 20, 65, 8 31, 10 45, Sundays, 7 30, 2 10, 7 5, 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40, 8 43, 9 38, 10 33, 11 20, 11 50, 12 43, 1 55, 2 3.3. 4 40, 4 50, 636,635,65, 80, 840, 110, Sundays 8 1), 90, 230, 250, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33, 3 5, 655,95. London (14 & N W)-1U 0, 12.10, 515 7 10. 10 25 12 15, 215. 416, 530 Sundays 100. 120, is 0, 5 30, 120. Loudon (Midland)-5 15, 9010 5,12 0,20 40, 5 ,a 9 50 12 0, Sun.- ays 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. 25, Lymm-8 7, 832. 9 25, 9 54, 11 8, 1 11. al 37, 25, 2 15 414,55 36, 5 t 9, 6 41 7 41,8 58 i 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 8 5, 825, 9 5, 10 45, 11 15, 32 45, 1 5, 1 35, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15, 6 U, 7 5, 7 10. 80, 9 20. 10 40 Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90,6 0, 9 30, 10 40 Saturdays excepted Manchester (London-road)-7 25. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 2:C, 3 40, 35 5, 620, 65,75. 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 1 40, 630 b6atuzdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 40, 8 30, a 9 5, 930 9 35,10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30.12 45, 1 33, 2 30,3 30, 430, 4 43 5 30, 5 30, 6 36, 733 83, 1i 0, all 30, 11 O. Sun days 8 30,9 10, 925 9 30, lo 40. IC. c 5, 35, 8 20, 9 40. 4 Saturdays,only. Middlewich-6 48, 2 47, 6 6. Moore-6 56,96. 11 14,12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 Newton-6 55, 7 25, 8 42, 9 11, 10 9, 11,8 12 28, 1 0,1 28, 1 551 3,2 4 51, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 0, 9 10, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 11 5, Sundays 83, 9 49, 100, 3 4(), 7 20, 11 5, . Padgate 7 48, 8 26, 90.106 1 9. 2 10, 5 18 73, 910 Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 45,550,95,93010,10,1128,123,3,4 20,640 8 30, 9 45. 1049. Sundays 28, 45, 835. 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. aMondays excepted. Runccrn 8 39, 9 19 10 15, 12 30, 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 32, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 849, 10 8 3 40, 5?, 928. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55, 7 50, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. Helens-6 20,6 55, 8 6, 8 28, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 10 12 5, 12 55, 125, 2 55, 430, 5 25, 80, Sundavs 0, 90. Southport-8 5, In 10,11 10,12 3.1.2 10, 2 50,-3 55, 70,8 5, 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 9 30, 9 68, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18, 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45,9 2, 937. 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, ii 12, 12 25 1 25, 2 30, 3 34 4 25, 529 6 12, 7 16, 7 58, 9 22 11 42, aSun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays on Widnes (L &N W)-7 5 8 56, 9 33. 10 33, 12 12 67, 22. 3_ 20, 358. 5,0, 5 55, 6 46, 11 6, Sundays 8 . 250, 762

11 6.- Wigan-6 33, 931. 9 E 6, 10 0, 1123. 1215, 1 45. 4 25, 4 56, 5, 90.10 30 Sundays 2 69, 9 30, 3 25, 6 55, 11 13. e

OLD Fa- ,s TEETH BOUGHT Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well te turned into money. Messrs. B. D. & d. B. Fraser. of Princess-street, Ipawich (established since 1884), buy old false teeth. If you send you teeth to them they wall remit you by return of post the utmost value ;or if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs. Bacon & Co., Bankers tswich.—Advt.

VALUABLE DISOOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair h turning grey orw hite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well us promoting thz. growth. Price 3s. 6d per bottle.— A cit.4*

BLASTIC AND JEAN SURGICAL BELTS.—llighly rte.:3u mended by the Medical Proiession for completely support lug, strengthening, and improving the figure. Prices from Sc 6d. to 435. each. Address the Ladies' Attendant. Artificial Legs, Hands, and Arms.—WHITE AND WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers. 93, Renshaw-street (topot Bold-street), Liverpool.—Advt. (2). CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . EstaLlished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chen_ists and Patent Medicine Vendors lb ough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Toe Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt

FL ORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Tholoughly eleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevLuts tartar, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— A dtrt.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's " STAROII GLoss. isunoqualled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water stareli. Mr.— Cornwall. says —My wife will not finish our linen without Starch Gloss. From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold st id., 3d and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- urn it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn. Fr, ptietor.—Advt.

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_18991110_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
16 1 17 1 18

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-0 a.m.

„

===== 0002601_18991110_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 go ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RECRIVING HOUSE— Barlestown

and -8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek I *Wargrave 1

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Ratios (Newton Bridge) Preston Junctioa...., Church-st., Golborne Legll Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched I town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

8 a.m. and 4-30 pm.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 645 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland,, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, outliport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Widt),, & Earlestown London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, Noruh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minion(' Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- astern, Midland, Northern, Eastern CounticE, & Lancashire': Croft, Padgate, W °Aston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties..

a.m.

10-30 „ 10-45 „ 11-30 „ 11-45

1. 12-0

L 2-16 p.m.

2-I,b „ 13-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-75 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 L .m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m..2 and 7 p.m. _

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 8; 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m Ind 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

1 To Callers. I

Nil. 10-15 a.m

from the Receiving Office at Rath. ?.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

By Postmen, 7-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30,a.m

===== 0002601_18991110_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

===== 0002601_18991110_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18991110_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.nst. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18991110_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Registered Copvzight.)

===== 0002601_18991110_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD !IXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit trom the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Wood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooc Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are matv3llous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumal:ic Pains, for it remov,s the cause from the blood and bone:. Thousands of Testimouials. In battles 2s. 9d. and Ils, each of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless instatlons.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
English Watches—The Beol Tignakeepers. (or* ri opt, Keyless FAR t irr2 3 i*,4 ik)N, ENGLISH 'l4'; ra` it, 0 • 4:4' TSX 460 VI A RR4aE) J 4

THOUSANL.,) OF TESTIMONIALS. Guaranteed for ACURACY, DURAL:I:4IIY, 1-: STRENGTH, at MAKER'S CLSH PRICES. In 18-ct. Gold Cass. * . - A'' .• '', 't• Vi . . r r: rt iff iE2, 8 ENGLISH LEVER

fCOII La,clias.

Tinto movement, BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH V En. Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold ;ryatal Glass Cases, £lO, or in Hunting and Hall-Hunting Cases, £I2 10s. This Watch is made to replace Swiss Watches, and, for English make, is exceptionally low priced,.

BENSLN'S ' c""' NEW KEYLESS EMISII LEVER

for Ci-erSt/ervnerks

A -plate BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH LEVER, Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold, Crystal Glass Casts, £l2. - This Keyless English Lever is the Cheapest Watch of its kind ever offered to the public at the price, and super- sedes all other Watches previously sold at the price. SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL. TATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O. OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. RnisoN,s BOOK of WATCHES, from £2 to £BOO. "*" CLoC fiS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES. PLATE, (ix., Lie. Post free on application.

(40-1)--- ...I, ....--- 7- ---,--,1-• c,..;k:...1),:r.9,1, ~...2.,,;:. , , • ` / s. I( ‘ I 14" , Cl A ti • : A '''' In 19-et. Gol4 E : , . , t 1;e •., I ' • ' tt" .4 ,N, . ... . - - I -•.. . . , - ..- • •^N\ 1i ! • • • , i • - /' - stfult...../ ' ," • • 1 i , ..e.....G.. •''' , • 1 i 4 e...... 0 ''' ' % 1 1l lb -1--, . , 4 „- -.-%-...._.,:_:_-_-,ir - .._

tg% }.4

===== 0002601_18991110_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
J 1 WI BE4SON, Ltd.,

H. M. the Queen's Watchmakers, THE STEAM FACTORY,

62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C., LONDON. Notice.—Obtainable on "THE TIES" system of MONTHLY PAYMENTS of Et Order Forms Free.

DEAKIN'S

3E4Wir 31—AIVK Ao' INI Delicious and Wholesome.

A PERFECT FOOD containing valuable Medicinal Properties.

There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article.

IF YOU WANT A JOLLY CHRISTMAS, MAKE YOUR MINCE

PIES FROM DEAKIN'S CELEBRATED MINCE MEAT.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
'I.6VOR`7II A GU EA A BOX.

-_,....,p0;,.,. , -1 ...,,,_, :_i, , tit.,... i , ,7!,,.:::. ~,,..„.„. . ~... : , ..... .. ,„,. ~. •.. -...:•:,._...... 7 7 ~. 4.4 ,r'.:,:. . 1 ' . ' 1? f• 4 4,4, -- .f.;'-'4r-.;.' , " ..-:. - 4,...6.,.% . •../ .., ... ~,,,,,,, ~ , , . ..'• , , . . . , . , ' .. Ok • . ;f<l : 'Y' V. • , - q .. 141 14.1 N 'CO

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache. Constipation, Wind,

J.. wt. in et "*. f1.t,..30,61 Immured Digestion,

61. c. 4 risoi

maio Ailments.

Pr ,pared only by the Proprietor, TROMIS nEECIIAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in b•:., Is. VA. (55 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple fon.% Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18991110_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLeS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

_ as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
cocKLEs 5, ANTI ILIOPit L ~..

FREE r.ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Aekow,,wwwkAT SY MING TO N S Those who cannot take ordinary EDINBURGH Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S COFFEE ESSENCE Edinburgh Coffee Essence with makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble. comfort and pleasure. In bottles no waste. In small and large bottles, from all from all Grocers. Grocers. ItA,A.A.A.AAAAA.Adtedb.AAAAAAAAA7A9A#3 QUARANTESD puRE. 10e

===== 0002601_18991110_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18991110_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
tracts to toe (s,:ir,ciu.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. authors of letters intended for poUlicAtion twist in all casni send their names and addre,se9 to the Eiitor. Latters intended for publication must bo writtcn on one side only of the pAper. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

The Municipal Elections. Sir,—We have been told that it is better for munici- pal elections not to be politically contested, but it seems to me that a union of the two poltical parties is far more undesirabV, for at present. it practically places in the hands of a few, the results of any contests, and as an individual ratepayer I 4onsider it my duty to express disapproval. Though the two gentlemen who have been returned in place of the two retiring Councillors. are eminently fitted for that position I regret the circumstances under which they were elected. VV•hat is the meaning of this change ? Is there anywhere a desire to keep out of the Council men who strongly disapprove of methods adopted during the last twelve months. Is it possible that such an influence May have helped to bring about a union of political parties. The election of c,Duncillors ought not to be left in the hands of a few, for if so it might possibly fall into the hands of an interested few. It ought to be left in the hands of the ratepayers unbiassed by selfish con- siderations or political views. Intimidation bribery and corruption are penal offences because they seduce the ratepayers and preve,t them returning to Parliament the met who would otherwise be elected. I do not say that anyone in Warrington would be guilty of bribery, but refer to it to show how very undesirable it would be to call into force any union of interests that might have a similar effect. The methods adopted in public life are of very great importance, and I am not sure that the methods of conducting public business in Warrington are yet quite perfect. I do not wish to be offensive, and hones ly wish that I could write a letter that would he pleasant all round, but every rate- payer as well as every soldier ought to do hi 3 duty, for the welfare of the public is sacred, though sometimes there are few who defend the right.

The right, to which we should be true For which we should for ever care, Of all the subjects we pursue There's none that can with it compare.

They who disregard it to keep or to obtaln a position for themselvo, hinder the progress of mankind and trample on all that is good.

S. KENYON.

Warrington, November 7th, 1899.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
The Political Millennium in Warrington.

Sir,—&t the laving of the foundation stone of the new Police Buildings and subsequent proceedings there was a great gathering of the political clans, and so harmonious and enthusiastic were the proceedings that one in- stinctively thought of the promised time when the wolf and the lamb shall lie down together in green pastures. Mr. Councillor John Crosfield seemed to have been fairly carried off his legs as he surveyed the merry and fraternizing Conservatives and Liberals around him. Altogether, the scene was so full of happy omens for the future to all but the unfortunate ratepayers that he cried out that the Millennium had arrived in Warrington at lat. But in the blissful excitement of the moment the worthy Councillor seemel to have forgotten al about the unique incidents whieh led up to the reign of peace. Det me respectfully refresh his memory on the important subject.

When Mr. Wright's tenon of office was nearing a ciose the Conservative majority in ths Council did not manifest any desire that Mr. Alderman Roberts should rule over them. On the contrary, finding that they had not amongst themselves material out of which to manu- facture a worthy successor to Mr. Wright they went outside the Council altogether and made overtures to Mr. Parr in the hope that he might be induced to preside over and adorn their deliberations next year, but Mr. Parr declined the honour with thanks. Whereupon another caucus meet- ing was held, and the few discomfited Conservatives pressnt generously permitted their Liberal friends to gratify their long cherished desire b 7 the nomination of Mr. Alderman Roberts. And, of cours), the worthy Alderman returned thanks for the high honour thus con- ferred upon him. I leave your readers to form their own conclusions as to which of the political parties showed the least d.gnity and sil respect in these trans- actions.

Brit another matter connected with the groat political coalition drserves a few words. When the political leaguers had, or thought they had, made things com- fortable all round by the nomination of Mr. Roberts, with a valour worthy of the occasion they determined, if po sible, to partially disfranchise the Borough tor a couple of years This bold and tyranirc-Ai stroke of policy was evidently int encl-d to p7event intriliers from getting into the dove-cotrs to disturb the peace, and defeat the °tient of the patriotic alliance. It wr-uld be difficult to find suitable terms to denounce this g,ro,s outrage upon the electors of Warrington. President Kruger has been severely blamed for withholding c:t z ship from the mone granbers, gamblers, and orner blacklegs who have swarrned hit° his country in search of gold. But so far as 1 know he tas n.:,t yet been charged with cheating his subjects cf the franchise. But here we have in Warrington the dr-creditable spectacle of liberty boasting Tories and Radicals joining band in hand in a braz attempt to deprive independent electrirrs of the right to chose an vote for can tidates after their own mind. Tory and Radical voters will be pertnitted,under the In.w regime, to vote for their repective colours as usual at the beck of the political wirepullers. But in- dependence at the polls must be stamped out. That the state of th'n;s I have described is possible in a large and important town like Warrington is greatly to be deplored, but it is not yet beyond remedy. If political partyism were driven out of the Town Council, as assuredly it ought to be, a better and healthier state of feeling would prevail, and the Government of the town would no longer .131 left in the hands of a dual- headed political clique.—Youra truly, 4th November, 1899.

lONA.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Soldiers' and Sailors' Families

Association, Warrington Division:

Sir,—! beg to appeal to the genaroeity of your readers on behalf of the Warrington Division of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Association. This Society, which is under the patronage of Her Majesty the Queen,is strictly undenomilsational. and is intended to succour the wives and families of soldiers and sailors who are for any cause left in reduced circumstances. Many men from Warrington being at present at the front in South Africa, it is feared that some of those they hAve left behind may have to submit to privations in addition to their anxiety, unless their fellow townsmen remember that "Charity begins at home," and contribute to this local division. Any funds subscribed will be applied to reliPve those in need in Warrington, and I may draw your attention to the fact that the Secretary of State for War and Commander-in-Chief have written to the papers recommending the local divisions of this Society to the generosity of the public, as being in a better position than any central one to ascertain the genuineness of eaci3 case and to relicve it promptly. This Association not only helps the wives and families of m•-,n married with leave, but also those " off the strength " whose cases are often the hardest. Subscriptions will be gladly received by the Hon. Treasurer. George Dakin, Esq., Arlington House, Latchford.—Your faithfully, CLARE MOLYNEUX SEEL, (Vice-President of the Association). The Old Warns, Warrington. November 2nd, 1599.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
The Lighting of Stockton Heath.

Sir,—As the above village is growing at a rapid rate, and as the difficultit s of sewage, lighting, etc. ,are there- by increasing, it might be as well to call attention to a power which at present is wasted and which Tight be ntilsed for the permanent improvement of our lightin.t, for which we are paying a heavy price. I refer to the waters of Lumb Brook and the Mill Pool, the I.)rce of which was formerly used for a mill close by. This might be used as the motor for the electric lighting of the village. Water power, with properly constructed turbines, is the best motive power for running dynamos, and at the Mill Pool we have a constant supply. More- over the Ackers Pit would serve as a suitable rsserve supply, either as it is, or with a higher baA. f should be united, too, that a generating station by the Mill Pool would be situated not more than 500 yards from the centre of the village, thus avciding an abnormal length of Tam cable. The time is now ripe for discussing such projects ;as Stockton Heath is, progressively speaking, in its infancy, and land and property cin now be acquired at a more reasonable figure than in the future. The grea: water force at present wasted certainly might brier; about, if properly utili.ed, a considerable saving of rates in later year., rot to mention the convenience of the villagers generally.—l am sir, yours truly,

A;FITON EIAYES. H,ath Bank, Stockton Fl,•ath, 2/11/99.

STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT.

Take Vxxo's LIGHTNING COUGH CORE. It Stops an ordinary cough in one nizlit, 215,1 cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, asthma, catarrah, influ-nza, and whooping cough rapidly. Its vast euvtriortty over the different emulsions and ordinary cougn noixtures cannot be esti- mated. It has saved thoulat.ds of lives after they have been turned out of hospitals. It is a new scientific remedy endorsed by medical men. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, and See that you get it, price is. lid. and 2s. 9J. per bottle (copyright). Sold by fol- lowing chemists :—ASHTON, KNOWLES, Warrington ; WiLLERIDGE, St. Helens; P. BAKE, Earlestown and Newton; Foonrrr, Widnes; WEsTorr, Runcorn ; and all chemists.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See illusttrated Guid 50 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Uo, 186. Euston-road, Lowell, Hairdressers fitted.—Manager, ii. fdritite. ildvt

CADBURY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation aea deli- cious, strengtkening beverage, aid a valuable nutritive food The "Lanect" says it represents "the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having CADRITRY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—aather Cocos are often substituted for the sake et•eatri profit.—Adat (2

===== 0002601_18991110_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING TRAGEDY.

Quarrel Between Two Warrington Men. VERDICT OF MANSLAUGHTER.

The district known as Howley in Warrington has I this week been thrown into a state of excitement ' in consequence of a tragedy which was enacted in its midst late on Saturday night. The scene of the occurrence was at 40, Wellington-street where two families lived together in the same house. James Poole, his wife and two children—a sou and a daughter—formed on.e family, and the other occu- pants of the house were Thomas Kinsey, an un- married man about 40 years of age and his mother, an aged woman ever 80 years of age, who is bed- fast. Poole was a wireweaver by trade but he had worked very irregularly for some time. Kinsey was a factory operative and he too had not been in regular employment. tin Saturday, beer seems to have been pretty freely consumed in the house, and at night there was a quarrel between Kinsey and Poole about some remarks Kinsey had given utterance to concerning Poole's wife. Mrs. Poole appears to have gone be- tween the two patties, and afterwards she repaired to bed, thinking that if she went away the quarrel would quieten down,and she says she heard nothing more. Shortly before eleven o'clock Poole's son, a young fellow of eighteen, returned to the house, which wai then in darkness. He entered the front room, and on obtaining a light was horrifieo to find his father lying beside the sofa with two terrible wounds on the top of his head and two other frightful wounds on the face. He lying in a pool of blood, and was unconscious. He was conveyed to the infirmary, and died there at 7.20 on Monday evening. The police searched the apartment in which the assault had been committed, and found by the sofa head a poker smeared with blood. Kin- sey had disappeared, but early on Sunday morning the police tracked him to a house in Factory yard, where he had asked permission to stop the night. He was told by Inspector Taylor what. a serious condition Poole was in,and he replied, "I remember nowt about it. We have oftea had rows, and we have al ways made it up in the morning. I don't remember using the poker." He was then taken into custody. On Monday morning, Kinsey was placed in the dock 91,1 charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Poole by striking him on the head with a poker. The Chief Constable then intimatei to the Bench that faint hopes were entertained of Poole's recovery, and he asked for a remand until the following Thursday. The demeanour of the prisoner was commented upon by all who were present in court. He did not betray the slightest emotion, and showed no signs that he realised the gravity of his position. His general appearance is somewhat unusual. There is hardly a hair to be seen on his head or face. He is short in stature and light complexioned, He was dressed in his working clothes and clutched a black cap whilst standing in the dock. The magistrates re- manded him. until Thursday, but before many hours had passed Poole died at the Infirmary; and the position of Kinsey became much mere serious. The same evening Kinsey was informed in his cell of the death of Poo!e. He received the news with great coolness, and was heard whistling the next morning. _ _

A further stage in the proceedings was reached on Wednesday evening when an inquest was held on the body of Poole. The prisoner was accommo- dated with a seat in the dock, and there was less callousness in his demeanour. He evinced the greatest interest in the evidence, and the production of the blood-stained sofa cover attracted his attention. The evidence of Mrs. Poole did not satisfy the Coroner or the jury, and at the close she was censured, the jury expressing the opinion that her evidence was not reliable. She failed to con- vince the court that she neither heard nor saw any- thing of the tragic affair although she was upstairs at the time. Sha denied that she was not sober but admitted that she had had several glass of beer during the day. The jury took a merciful view of the case and returned a verdict of manslaughter against the prisoner who will have to answer that charge at the forthcoming Liverpool Assizes. He will again appear before tbe magistrates on Thurs- day next.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
The Inquest and Verdict. A Witness Censured.

The inquest was held at the Pollea Court on Wednes- day evening, b; Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner. Mr. T. Birtles was foreman of the jury. The prisoner Kinsey occudied a seat in the dock. Tht3 Chief Constable watched the proceedings on behalf of the police and the prisoner wes represented by Mr. A. Browne. Prior to the inquest the jury viewed the body and visited the scene of the tragedy. Ton Coroner in opening the proceedings said it was a matter of minor importance but he did not know how long the inquiry was going to take. He proposed that the jury should rise at 8-30 and if the ir- quiry was not over then to adjourn it till 10 o'clock on Saturday morning. He thouAt the county could not claim longer services from them. Ho wished to point out one or two matters that would enable them to arrive at a conclusion quickly. When one man was charged with causing the death of another, the jury's position was practically that of a presiding justice. They had not to pass sentence or say whatl-punishment sbou:d follow. When they :had heard the evidence they had tosay "murder or manslaughter." It did not mean that they said it so that Kinsey could receive punishment. They bad to see if there was sufficient evidence to send him for trial at another tribunal. The first witcess was

Emma Poole, wife of deceased, who said her husband was a wire weaver. Her husband ,her son,aged eighteen years, her daughter, aged sixteen years, and herself lodged with prisoner and his mother. On Saturday night at 5.30, she left the house to go to a neighbours. At that time no one was in the house but prisoner and his mother. She was only away ten minutes, but on her return prisoner said," If this house is not good enough for you, you can take yourself off." Shortly afterwards d ceased came in, and she told him what Kinsey had said. The two men began to quarrel, and blows followed. She went between them, and she re- csived a blow fr m a small poker (produced), which was intended for her husband. The latter was lying on the sofa, and he received several blows with the poker be- fore he struck back. Tots went on for a few minutes, and she at length succeeded in calming them. Her hus- band never got up from the sofa. She went to bed at nine o'clock, and she thought she had pacified them. Her husband was then lying on the sofa, and Kinsey was walking about from door to door, a habit of his. She heard nothing more until a quarter to eleven, w ten her son and daughter shouted her downstairs. She found her son and daughter had lifted her husband, who was bleeding and unconseious,on to the sofa. The police and doctor were sent for, and deceased was taken to the infirmary. By the Chief Constable: The two men had frequently quarrelled when in drink, but were the bsst of friends when sober. They had quarrelled about her, and her husband had left her for a short time, twelve months ago. She had had several glasses of beer that afternoon but she could not say how much drink was brought into the place during the afternoon. If any witness said she heard her screaming and quarrelling after nine o'clock, it was not true. She was not perfsctly sober when she went to bed but knew what she was doing. By Mr. Browne : Three years ago Mr. Kinsey took her and her family in out of charity, and prisoner aril her husband had always been on good terms. They were particularly friendly on Friday. She was not drunk at. seven o'clock. Prisoner was very excitable when in drink, and some years ago he had sustained an injury on the head from the very poker which it was alleged had caused the present injuries. It was net a fact that the deceased and the prisoner were drinking the whole of the afternoon. She did not see her hus- band strike Kinsey. She did net go to bed more than once that day. She never saw Kinsey use the big poker. Immediately before she went to bed her husband was on the sofa. K.nsey was then walking from door to doer in the house. He scarcely ever sat down. Both Kinsey and her husband had had some drink.

By Mr Biitles : The two men had had some beer on Saturday, but were not drunk. William Poole, the son, said at 6 30 he heard prisoner anct his father having words about what had been said to his mother, and they had both had some drink. He left at that time, and saw no blows struck. Shortly be- fore eleven o'clock be returned home, and found the house in darkness. He lit the lamp, and saw his father lying on the floor near the sofa, bl,eding from the face and unconscious. He called in his sister, who was out- side, and they lifted him on to the sofa, and then called his mother. Kinsey was not then in the house. He noticed some blood on the sofa before he lifted his father on to it. By the Chief Constable. He did not notice where the poker was when he entered the room ; he was to.a excited at the time.

By Mr. Browne: He id not see what beer was brought into the house during the afternoon. His father and Kinsey were the best of friends. Mary Emma Poole, 16 years of age,'daughter of the deceased, stated that at 6.30 on :,aturday night she Came

===== 0002601_18991110_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRI PAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1899.

horns. She afterwards went out of the house and returned again at s,.yen o'clock. At that time her mother and Kinsey were in the front roam, but her iather ctas nr,t in iie aga:n cc9nt out and oil not come home till 10.55, ~rnen se found k9r father Icing on the flow in a p):.1 ,_;1 blood. She and her brother lifted him on the sofa—By the Chi9f Constable She had fre- qu3ntly heard quarrels hetwe.-n limsey and her f,ther. rhey had a figic ab.u. t :re mow.ha ago, and Kingey got the tongs to hit her father but she took them from him. _

By Mr. Browne: Whenever they had qulrrelled they always msde it up nest morning. her tnottier did not 20 to bed betore she went out_st seven o'clock.

Mary Ann Roninson, wife of Amos Rebinsoa, a miller, I residing at 42, Wtel•ne'oe-street, next d ,r to Kinsey said that at t-30 u S aturia.e n'ent Mrs. Poi!e carne to her house for some oat mat. She die not stop in many minutes when she went back se (witaess) heard Kinsey say "This b— house is not big enough for you." Mrs. Poole replied that she did not see why he should interfere so long as her hus- band said nothing about her going out. Wilen Mr. Poole came ia she complained about what Koaeriy had said to her. Witness remained in the !mese till 8-20 and then went to town. She returned at 9-20 and noticed that Kinsey's house was in darkness and the door was partly open. At 11.35 Mrs. PJOIO came and asked her to go and hello them to get her husband ready to go to the lufirmary.—By the Ceief Constab!e : When Mrs. Poole came in and asked her to help she said Kinsey had hit her husband on the head with a pok-ir and nearly killed him. She had heard quarrels in the house so often that she took no notice of them. Kinsey was a quiet Mau when sober.—By Mr. Browne : Mrs. Poole seemed excited when she came in the house. She had seen Kinsey take bot•les of beer i at° the house during the afternoon. Mr. Browne : As a matter of fact a lot of drink was consumed in the house that afternoon. Witness : Yes sir there was tidy. Mr Browne : Were nut all three" muddled "when you heard them talking ? Witnesi : Yes sir ; they sounded muddled. Ellen Robinson, eight years of age, daughter of the last witnrs3 s aid that after her mother had gone to town on Saturday night she was cleaning shoes on toe door step when she heard Mrs Poole and Kinsey shouting. She saw Kinsey go out with a bottle and return with some beer in it. When ha got inside t'oe house they start,d fighting. She heard a n&s, lik a poker falling on the fl ;or and Mrs Pole screamed. The lamp went out and everything was quiet.

_ By the Ctief Constable : The door was wide open. The Coront-r (to Mrs. Poole) : lam going to give you an opportunity to tell the truth. If you were present an) saw Kinsey strike your husband, it i 3 your duty to tell the jury. Mrs. Voole ; I was there when the first struggle took pl.ne. and ilGar3 no more. I dil not 9,3 e an; blow struck.

The Coroner : You told toe jury that you went upstairs, and at that time loft them practically friends, and at that time there was no blood about your husband. He was on the sofa in his ordinary condition. He was afterwards found unconscious on the ft or, Buffering from wounds with blood coming from the wounds. DO you or do you not know how that came about? Witness : Ido not. sir. 2a Cot orrr : You say that on your oath? Witness : I say that on my oath. Selina Ashton, a woman who lived opposite to Kin- soy's house said that at a few minutes after nine o'clock on Saturday night she was in the hsuse when she heard a noise of quarrelling. She went to the door and saw that Kinsey's house was in darkness and the door was partly open. She heard Mrs. Poole's voice. She went towards the house and Kinsey came out. He stood at the door and said " Good night. But remember there's an old woman there that want's keeping." She heard Mrs. Poole talking a few minutes before that. Kinsey went away down a street that led into Ellesnaere-atreet. Be walked quite steadily' He left the door open. She did not hear a sound after that. She asked Mrs. Poole what the row was about the next morning and she said "Thomas Kinsey." Sits said the draught from the two doors blew the lamp out. Richard Wild, a tool maker, residing at 27, Factory Yard, said that between 9.30 and 10 o'clock on Saturdty night he was in the kitchen when Kinsey came in. He asked him if he would let him stop there all night as ne had had some bother with Poole and did not want to home: Flo did not say he had come out of the way of Poole. He was in drink and was helpless. He went out of the house twice for beer. Next morning the police came and took him into custody. He had lived at that house for three years and prisoner bad not slept there before. By Mr. Browne : He was on friendly terms *with Kinsey, who was in the habit of coming to his house from time to time. When he had no drink he was very quiet and whea he had drink ho was "alt for laughing, rlmbliug and doing." P.C. Edward 4 stated that in consequence of in- structions he received he went to 40, Wellington-street at 11.20 on Saturday night. He found the deceased lying on bis back on the sofa in the front room. He was unconscious. Witness examined him and found he was bleeding very much from two wounds on the head and two wounds on the chin. There was a quantity of blood on the floor near the sofa and also on the sofa cover. lie saw Mrs Poole and in consequence of what she toid him he returned to the Police Starion.got a cab and removed the man to the Infirmary. At 245 next morning he and Inspector Taylor visited the house number 27, Factory- yard, and the prisoner was arrested by Inspector Taylor. By the Chief Constable : Mrs Poole said that Kinsey had caused the injuries with a poker. Be ashei her if sir had seen it done and she said she had not, as she went to bed at nine o'clock. _ -

By Mr. Browne: Mrs. Poole had had some drink. InspEctof Taylor said that at 11. o'clock on Saturday night in consequence of intormation be received he sent P.C. Edwards to Wellington-street, and in consequence of what he told him dr c-aleci was removed in a cab to the Infirmary. At 1.15 on Sunday morning he visited No. 40, Wellington-street. and made an examination of the room. He found blood stains on the head of the sofa and there wai a p3ol of blood on the cover (producsd). He feund the three pokers rroduced in the room. One of them, the largest had human hair and blood upon it. Later in the day the mattress and pillow were handed to him by Mrs. Poole. At 245 next morning he went to Wild's house and found the prisoner in bed. He took him into custody and told him that Poole was seriously injured and it was alleged that he caused the iojuriee. He replied " I have had many a row with him. We always made it up before next morning. I don't remember anything about any poker." At the Bridewell he showed him the large poker and he said " I know that poker. It has been in our family over twenty years." He charged him with unla wilily and maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Poole by striking him on the head with the poker, and he said " I don't recollect." At 750 p.m. on Monday he charged him with "unlawfully, and maliciously causing the death of one James Poole by striking him on the head with a poker in the dwelling- house, 40, Wellington-street, Warrington. some time between 9 p.m. and 10.45 p.m. on Saturday, November 4th. 1899, and he replied, "I never struck him on the head to my knowledge. I never picked the poker up to my knowledge. If I did I would be mad." Nurse Dobson said that deceased was admitted to the Warrington Infirmary at about midnight on Saturday, and died at 720 on Monday night. He did not mak3 any statement to her. Dr. Harold Thorpe, junior houce surgeon at the War- rington Infirmary, said the deceased was admitted te the institution at 12.15 on Saturday night, suffering from injuries. He was under the care of the staff till his death. Since death, assisted by Dr. Smith, he had made an examination. Externally he found two cuts on the top of the head. One of them was at the back of the head at an angle of forty-flee degrees from the medium line of the head on the right side. The cut was two and a half inches long, and went down to the bone laying the bone bare. It was a contused wound done by a broad surface. The other cut was two inches behind at right angles to the medium line. It was one and a half inches long and went down to the bone. It was also a contused wound. It was not pos- sible for both cuts to be inflicted at the same time. Over the chin there were two cuts. They were very deep but so far as he could see they did not go to the bone. They went into the soft portion of the chin. They were very contused especially the upper one. They were about an inch apart and an inch long. It was possible that they could have been received both at the same time. There was a bruise on the right side of the face extending from the corner of the eye to the ear. On admission to the Infirmary blood was coming from the right ear, and there were traces of blood in the ear at the post-mortem examination. There was a large contused bruise at the back of the left hand and a super- ficial ebrssion cut, an inch lung. Internally there was blood in the skull caused by bruising ever the right side of the head. There was a fracture of the skull com- mencing between the two cuts and running in circular form, nearly meeting again at the b Lek. The cause of death was hcemorrhage pressing on the brain. There was a clot of blood about the size of an orange in the skull. If he were struck an the head with a poker that would account for everything be saw. From the breadth of the poker the chin wounds could have been done with one blow.

By the Chief Constable; The injuries would be caused by heavy blows. Conaidlrable force would not have to be used with that poker. He had no idea which injuries were likely to have been inflicted first. It was possible that after his skull bad bean fractured he could have moved again and received further injuries.

Br the Coroner : If the man was standing in the kitchen and Kinsey struck him on the head and walked out he would be able to go to the sofa and lie down, before the bcemorrhage became so great as to render him unconscious.

Dr Reginald Smith, police surze)n, said be assisted Dr. Thorpe to make the pest mortern examination. He agreed with his acoount of the injuries, and with what he said was the cause of death. It was very impro- bable he could have received the injuries except at the hands of someone else. He did not think he could have fallen against anvthing and received the injuries unless he fell fiDm a considerable height.

Mr. Browne did not wish to call any witnesses or to put the prisoner in the box. The Coroner, in summing up. said that the jury might find soes difficanty in arriving et a conclueloa. It seEmed to tem to lo At :at it from a Pgal and logical point of view that they could very sola arrive at a con- clusion in the matter First of all they had to ask themselves " how did the man cline to his death. Did he come te his death from injuries received at the hands of another ?" When they considered that they must take into their minds the fact that there was a quarrel on the night ia question and that there was clear proof that the man was struck by Kinsey. There was also clear prof that the man had two cuts nearly on the top of his head, bruising on the right side of the face, and a fracture of the skull which started between the two cuts and running in circular form till it nearly met again. It was very improbable that the two cuts could have been received in any other way than at ill hands of another, as it ! was impossible for him to fall from a great height in that house, The first qaestion was one of an easy descrip- tion that ought not to give any trouble. If they made up their minds on that point the question was could the person be anybody else other than Kinsey. They had not heard it suggest( d that any person had anything to do with Poole except Kinsey. The evidence showed that Kinsey and Paolo had had fights before on that night, Mrs. Poole saw Kinsey strike her husband. Aiterwarde Kinsey went out of the house and slept at the house of a neighbour. He thought they wouli be satisfied on the point that Kinsey inflicted the injury. If they thought that Poole died from injuries received and that Kinsey inflicted them, th.in Kinsey had unlawfully killed Poole. Then the point that would give the most trouble of all was as to the circumstances under which he killed him. The law said that when one person unlawfully killed another the per- son who killed was guilty of murder unless ercurn- stances proved to the contrary. If the evidence showed ' circumstances of justification, extenuation, or excuse, that would reduce the charge of unlawfully killing or murder to manslaughter. They must bear in mind that Mrs. Poole said distinctly that although her husband was struck with the poker at a certain time in the evening she left him when she want to bd appps.rently in geed health, she left them pacified and there was no trace o f blood at that time. She wanted them to believe—he had a strong suspicion that she could tell them more than he hal done—that when she left the room and went upstai:s, she was under tke impression that her husband was not seriously injured and thought that the quarrel had ceased. If that was s,,no injuries had then b len indicted by Kinsey to cause the deatb,it followed that they must have been infl c7ed :afterwards when no one was there to see how thee were done. The question was, did he inflict the injuries under such circumstances that he did it wilfully and with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.

The jury retirel to consider their verdict, and on their return ten minutes later the foreman handed to the Coroner a written statement to the effect that they were unanimous in saying that Poole died fr am injuries re- ceived at tOe hands of Kinsec, but under such circum- stances as to justify them in saying that it was only manslaughter. Mrs. Poole was then re7,4lled and told by the Coroner that the jury were of the opinion that she had not given reliable evidence. He agrced with their opinion. Mrs. Poole : I have given it as near as I nan, and I can't give any more. The C-Jroner : The jury are men of the world and can judge. The verdict of" Manslaughter" seem,d to c-ime aq a relief to the prisoner, who was removed to the cells below.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Thomas Kinsey was again brought bofore the raagis- tratea on Thursday, chargel thar, hs did feloni,usly and maliciously kill and slay Ja Ins Poole on tie 4th Novem- ber.

The Chief Constable stated that the prisoner was before the Bench on Monday charged with maliciously wounding James Poole. Be (the Chief •Constable,) inti- mated to the Bench that it was prooable thot be injured luau wild not recover, and hie pre liction was fulfilled at 7.30 Ur) same evening, for the man died without regaining consciousness. The charge had been altered that morning to one o manslaughter, principally for the reason that a Coroner's jury the previous night held an inquest on the body of Poole; and brought in the mercilul verdict of " manslaughter." Mr. Browne, who should appear for the defence was engas,,ed wise, and he consented to a remand br seven days, in order that he (Mr. Talbot) might communicate with the Treasury. The remand was granted.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT AT EARLESTOWN. ----- A Patriotic Audience.

The first concert of the season was givers in the Viaduct Institute, Earlestown,under the auspices of the Institute Crimmittee, on Monday evening. The concert being free to all members of the Institute, there v. as eaturally a packed audience. The artistes engaged were Miss Osborne Rayner, of Queen's Hall and St. James' Hall, London, Miss Ellen Biowick,elocutionist, Mr Frank Boor of Sc. James' Hall an I Criestel Palace concerts, and late of Da,ly's Theatre, and D'oyly Carte's Company, and Mr M. Dme of Quecu's Hall and Albert Hall concerts, with Mr Walter Curtis of Lee is, as humorist. The pro- gramme opened with a duet "Ssldiers of Fortune." very ably rendered by Mr Frank Boor and Mr. M. D3ne, although to some extent the exoression was marred by reasen of Mr Dane having to officiate as pianist whilst singing. Mr Dene followed with " The Vicar's Song," from the Sorcerer, and although he laboured under the same disadvantage as in the duet, his elf »ts were fully appreciated and he earned a rocall. Miss Ellen Blowick recited with much force and feeling Kipling's " Eegland's Flag."" Let me like a Soldier fall " was .. _

finely- sung by Mr. Frank Boor, and in respense to an BOER CRUELTY. encore gave " When other lips," which was hardly treated so well as his previous song. AVS4 Osborne A Warringtonian's Letter. Rayner is not a stranger to the Earlestown Institute, Tao followirsie is copy of a letter from a relative of and she received a warm welcome. Her first contribu- --Coanciller Alfred Weo is, of Werrineton, who has been tion "Sanshine and Rain" was submitted with taste ai:l isi the Transvaal some years. Tue letter is dated October finish, and in response to a clamorous encore, sang one h, and is as follows :—`l Well, I suppose Siuth Africa of the ever pepular coon songs. Her other contribut4on As on evert. body's tongue at home owing to the serous was the song' Little Watercress," which was sympe-- thetically treated,and cordially received. See also achieved state of affairs out here. Well, all I can say is, Ido success in the duet with elr.Beor"When we are married" not see hrw they are going to settle it without war, lb Lt from the Belle of New York. In the daet " Tenor and is if Great Britain is going to di her duty to her subjects. Baritone," the voices of Mr. Boor and Mr. Dane blended The misery that is the outcome of the Boer oppression is fearful. Poor wo.nen an children have been passing very finely, and the item was rightly interpreted. At through here in dirty coel trucks—uot hundreds, but this juncture Mr. Ormand, s 'cretary of the Institute, announced from the platform that Miss Blowick would thousands, have ridden, open to the wind and rain, for recite Kipling's poetic appeal "Tae absent-minded two, three' and feur days tee coat:hes (?) having been beggar." instead of the piece mentioned on the pro- kept in the Transvaal for the purpose of moving their soldiers. Only yesterday a man and four children gramme, after which a collection would be made by Miss Blowick and Miss Rayner on behalf of th Wed arrived at Cepetown, hiving ridden in one of these e for the relief of sufferers by the war. Miss Bloixick trucks. He told a tale enough to make an English- man's blood boil. At one station he got out of the recited the poem, and afterwards in company truck to see if he could secure food for his little ones. with Miss Rayner took up the collection, using tarn- but some of tee B ,ers whippe I him back again, calling bourines for the purpose. During the collection Mr. him coward far going away. Now what was he to do— joining heartily in the chorus. At the conclusion of the Dene sang "Private Tommy Atkins," the large audience stay and see his children starve, for work is practically at a standstill ? Those men, suclo:as Morley, Campbell- song the audience on their own respeesibility took up B " The Soldisrs of the Queen" following with " Rule annerman, and Company.who held those peace-at-any- price meetings ought to came out here and be served Britannia "and finally the Netienal Anthem, the people like the peer people we see passing here. People who afterwards chsering vociferously. Winen quietness was restored the programme was proceeded witn,Mr. Walter hive lest their all have just cl serail away, leaving their Curtis, changing the patriotic fervour to unconstrained house and furniture as it stints. If it can he settled pea .efu ly no one wantiewar; but if the British Govern- laughter. This beine Mr. Curtis's first appearance in meat patch it up it will only be for a time, and when it Eerlestown, he nevertheless established a very good re has to be set le it will be ten times worse than if it was putation. He possesses for a humorist.an excellent voice, and for enlisting the sympathies of his audience, he does Properly settled now. Every man out here says—' Let England desert us and we are Englishmen no longer.' not like many other humorists, depend upon his patter and facial expressions. His character sketches were The Dutch in the colony are as disloyal as the doers, and openly declare their sympathy with the Transvaal. We clevor, and most amusing, and his patter, was excep- had the Berkshire Regiment through here last week for tionally clever, his audience being kept in a continual Naaurvpoort, so as to be ready for action on the Free roar of laughter, the only selsction to which oejection could be taken being the character song "Like this!, State le ,rder. The Loyal North Lancashire Re.timent are also stationed there with some Yorkshire lefantry. The programme was brought to a close by the du t "The twins" by Mr. F Beer end 'dr. ii. D Good old red and white ros3 ! Believe me, I heve only ia i. given you one or two instances out of thousands of the Ormand neutered that the collo :tion had realised the sum of £3 12s, 103. ill-treatment meted out te us, and as long as memory lasts they will recoil on the Boers a thousandfold." A LADYSMITH DESERTER SURRENDERS. Committal to the Warrington Depot. Quite a sensation was created on Monday morning in the Fourth Police Court at Liverpool, over which Mr. T. E Sampson was presiding, by the story that was rela- ted when a young man nem ed John Simpson, of mili- tary appearance, appeared in the dock. It transpired that Simpson, who is about 27 years of age, and belongs to Fleetwood, called at the Chief Detective Office on Sunday morning, and surrendered himself as a deserter from the let Battalion of the Liverpool 11,igi- ment at Ladysmith, Natal. He told P.C. Mullins that owing to some trouble with an officer of the company in which he eves a private, he deserted from his corps on the 10th Sei.gember,tramped close upon 200 miles to Darba,n, disposing of his uniform en the way to the Saffire in exceanee for civilian attire. Ar- rived eventually at the seaport, he secured a berth on a homeward bound ship and worked his passage to England. On referring to the " Police Gazette " the pence officials found recorded there a description of a Private John Simpson, who had deserted from the Ist Liverpool Regiment at Ladysmith. This description tallied closely with the individual who placed himself in their hands. Ho was accordingly detained and taken before Mr. Sampson as detailed above. Tne magis- trates ordered Simpson'e further detention to await a military escort from the depot of nis regiment at War- rington, whither be would then be removed to be dealt with according to the army regulations. In making this order Mr. Sampeon remarked to Simpson that he ought now to be out in South Africi thrashing the Boers, To this Simpson replied promptly that that was the reason he had given himself up to the authorities.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES BEST GLACE HOOTS AND SHOES UNDER 'Mr: CLOCK, BRIDGB-STREET.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS. Details of the Ladysmith Fighting. Fearful Effects of British Swordsmanship.

Durban, Sunlay (delayed in transmission).—Accounts given by native eye-witneases of the fighting near Lady- smith last week are confirmed from other sources. The Kaffirs who Fa w the engagement say that b )th on Friday and Saturday the number of Boers killed and w3unded was terrific. Tee Br i shrikd far mercy. The natives say they never saw or heard of such killing and cutting. The battlefield was covered with bodies. They add that the men in petticoats, evidently the Gor dons, suffered very severely. The prisoners and loot taken after the fight were conveyed to Ladysmith, which is full of Boer prisoners and wounded. The latter bear terrible evid- ence of the swordmanship of our cavalry. Lyddite is said to have been used on Thu rsday with good effect against the enemy. NEWS FROM KIMBERLEY AND MAFEKING.

The following telegram has been posted at the War OFfiel

(From the General Officer Commanding in South Africa to Secret try of S,ate for War). (Rec.hved 9th November, 1899). Capetown, Wednesday, 11.50 p.m.

Colonel IC-itewich telegraohs frim Bimbrley,Sonday: "ilil well ;no serious attack al yet ; Plight bombard- ment. ;no damage. Information that Mafeking safe on 27th October, and that Plurner had successful engage- ment near Tull on October 263 h. General White reports by pigeon post that the wounded and some of civil popu- lation from Ladysmith have been removed four mules down the railway by arrangement with Joutiert ta a neutral place to save them from bombardment ; that 99 wounded from Dundee sent in under flag of truce (ad doing well).

===== 0002601_18991110_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
Communication with Ladysmith.

The " Daily Mail " Pietermaritzburg con% spondent wir cmfidentiv expected that railway com- munication will ba re3t)red with Ladysmith in the course of a few hours.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
The Invasion of Cape Colony. GENERAL BULLER READY.

A. " paiiv " telegram, da.ed Queenstown, November 5, nigh', says the rail way staffs are with- drawing from all me oorder staions between this and De Aar.

Four thousand Free Staters are now in the colony,and more are expected. Effective steps, however, have been taken by General Buller to cheek their advance.

President Kruger and the Boer Losses.

ItAiable reports from the Transvaal show that Presi- dent Kruger is utterly unmoved by the war. The train loath of wounded men brought back from the front have had no effect upon him. Be considers that th,,, Boers' cause is in the Lord's hands, and smokes placidly on the Stoep furlong periods daily afc3r completing his official duties.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Troopship Disabled.

CAPE VERD, THURSDAY, 8.30. a.m•

The steamer Persia, transport No. 54, has been towed in here by tho tug B:azer, the distance towed be- lag 22 miles. She was pickel up close to the rocks at S. Antonio, with the thrust shaft broken and other damages. _ _

The Persia let Queeis:own on Oct.thar 29, having on b Ard the C SquairJa 6:1-1 Inniskilling Dragoons.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN SOLDIER'S EXPERIENCES IN CAPE COLONY.

The following letter has been received by the parents of Lance-Corporal Caulfield. of G Company.lst Battaii:m Royal Minster Fusiliers, dated Octob-r 14th, from the Orange River Stag: 13, Cape Colony. " We were travel- ling in train for three eays, from Stellinboch, to Orange River. This station is on the border a the Orange Free State. War is declared by the Bers and we are ex- pe,it'ng an attack any minute. They have att4cked an armour-plated train,and killed 15 men and an officer. We are up watching day and night. We are only allowel to

_ sleep from 12 o'clock noon CO 3 o'clock,and then we have to lie down with our belt and straps, and 100 rounds of ammunition and rifle by our side. We are never allowed to remlve our boots or putees,and our straps are always on. It is very hot here in the daytime, and we are round the hills all night. Every train that comes in the stati.an is searched, and every passenger put under escort until the search has been made. We are havin;?: a lively time of it. When we were in Wynberg I was talking to a fellow belonging to the Liverpoo!s. Fie bMongs to Widnes. He said he knew our family, but I had no tine to say much to him. He did teil air his name, but I forget it. I suppose there is a lot of talk in the papoN about the war, but there are too many lies about it. But it is true Wooly, the train. I W 33 on otr-post and heard the shots. That's nothing to wha.'7, will come yet. It was reported that there w-le 300 Boers coming down the line, but let 'em all come.' We'll give them a warm receptien for keeping U 3 out of bed. Our wills hlve been made out, and put in a little p3ckA, and sewn ita. Cheer up ; we will meet again."

===== 0002601_18991110_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
SHUNTING FATALITY AT EARLESTOWN.

A Haydock Man Killed.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner,h,l I the inquest on thn body of William D avies,aged t wenty-four.of Btanley Miil C.ttage, Ashton,at the Waggon Hotel.thydock,on Mon- day night. Mr. Bland represented the L. and N.W.R. Company, Mr. J. 0. Swift (of Liverpool) represented Messrs. Evans and Co., an there were present Messrs. John Robinson (general manager) and Lothom.— Frederick Ellis, of 18, Eirle-street, Earlestown, sigual- man at Earlestown Station, said that about five minutes to seven on Friday night ha received a message that a Haydock C)lliery train was coming to his box to eater the siding. He went to some tumbler points to turn the train on to the middle siding. The train came on with deceased sitting on the buffer of the first waggon. It proved that a waggon was standing foul of the points leading into the siding, and the coal train ran into this waggon- The corner of Daviea's waggon struck the ebstructing waggon and his log was jammed fast by the buffer. He was shochingly injured, and it was sometime before he could be re- leased.—The Coroner asked the witness if he went to look if the points were clear. —Ellis : No.—Mr. Bland asks dto be allowed to explain that the brakesman had to perform certain ditties. It was his duty not to ride on the waggon, but to walk in front and see that eve:y- thing was clear.—Ellie, in answer to the Coroner, said that if the waggon had not been in the way the points that he turned would have allowed the coal train to go safely on to theline.—Mr. Swift said that Messrs. Evans and Co. did not feel that they were civilly or criminally interested.—The Coroner: You see, Mr. Bland, this man is killed on your line through the fact that this waggon is foul of your points.—After considerable dis- cussion, the Coroner said he was prepared to advise the jury that they had only to return a verdict of "Acci- dental death." They had nothing to do with any civil liability,and no one was criminally to blame.—The jury returned a verdict accordingly.

CLEARANCH SALIg 011' CYOLMi, New and Second- land.—J. S. GARLAND 51 to B.idge-street, Warring- ton A 40.

(WANTED FOR PROMPT CASH) by the Liverpool Go'd and Silver Depot, OLD FALSE TEETH, old Gold Watches, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Coins, old silver articles. We give the full market value. Parcels sent will be remitted for per retirn of post, or kept over until offer is acceptet —The LIVERPOOL GOLD AND SILVER DEPOT, 13, Chicago Buildings, 64, Stanley-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON COUNCIL.

A meetin;.: of this Couryl was held in the T..ywn Esriestown on Monday ev,.‘ning. Mr. C.B.F. B , C.C., presidej, and there were also preseut :—Mess:s W Collingwood, J W Emmett, J.P., W Giirnour,J Simpson, Dr Patterson, W Thompson, T Ormand, J 11 Forster, E T Evans, W Beatty, with W W Shirley (c'erk), A Be (surveyor), D a Lloyd (gas engineer), an R Brierley (inspi °tor of nuisances).

===== 0002601_18991110_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED LO'CAL TRANSVAAL FUND.

- Prior to commencing the business, the Chairman asked the m.mbers to remain at the close of the meet- ing in order to consider what steps should be taken for collecting subscriptions for the wives and families of the soloiers who had gone out to South Afrilta. (Rear, hear.)

===== 0002601_18991110_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
TECEINICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

A letter dated the 18th or October, frJm the Viaduct Technical Instruction Committee, having reference to the question of the desirability of this Council endea- vouring to obtain a grant out of the special sum set aside by the County C-3uncil for Technical Instruction in deserving districts was taken as read,and it was resolved that the terms of the letter be embodi.d in a letter to the C,)unty Council, and that application be made for a share of the sneeiil grant for technical instruction for the session 1899-1900, and that a deputation consisting or the Chairman (Dr. Patterson), J. W. Emmett, JP, T. Ormand, and W. Thompson, be appointed to wait upon the Technical Instruction Committee of the Lanca- shire County Council with reference to this matter if found necessary.

Dr. Patterson moved and Mr. Gilmour seconded the c 3ufirmation!A the minutes which were approved.

GAS AND WATER commrfgE.

A letter dated the 12th October was read, from Messrs. McCorquodale & Co„ calling the attention of the Committee to the defective gas supply at their works. The Gas Engineer reported that he had examined the gas supply arrangements at Mossrs. McOorquod ile's Works, and made certain suggestions, whereupon it was rea Avail that the Clerk reply to Messrs. McCorquodale and ask them to be good enough to co-operate with the Council, upon the lines suggested in the engineer's re- port, pending the completion of the additional main which will be proceeded with witu all speed. It Wag also resolved that tenders be invited for such extra cart- ing as may be requited at the Gas Works in excess of what can be done be the Council's horses, and left with Chairman to accept BLICII tender he may think fi7.— The following report of the Gas Works Extensions Com- mittee was read,viz :—The ssb-committe reximmended that the tender of Mr F T Bennie, of Warrington, for the cutting of the treuches for the laying of the new gas main from the Gas Works to Messrs. McCorquodale's and the Vulcan Foundry, at the schedule of prices named in his tender, be accepted.—lt was resolved that the Ist of proposed additional street lamps now submit- ted by the engineer be approved. In answer to Mr. Gilmour, the Gas Engineer said the additional street lamps were to be placed in Crown- street, Athol-street and St. John-street. The minutes were passed. The Proposed Waterworks.

On the inst.uctioa of the Gas and Water Committee an epitome of the report dated the Bth of September, uf the Ea?,ineer's and Clerk's report upon the proposed water- works was printed.

===== 0002601_18991110_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGINEER'S SCEIENIE.

The proposed new waterwerks will consist of a pump- ing station with duplicate pumping engines and steam boilers, covered tank, rising main, covered service re- servoir, and elevated tank, to be carried out in three sections, of which sections numbers 1 and 2 are already authorized. Section No. 1 will include two beretioles with horinntal engine actuating a pump in each of the bereholee, and di,chare.ing 15,000 gallons per hour into a covered tank to hold 200,000 gallons, and a separate qeadruple acting force pump drawing from this tank sal delivering a maximum quantity of 24,000 gallons per heur into the district through an 8-inca main cen- fleeted to the exi,ting 6-inch main at Newton Bridge. This tank would allow of the lift pumps in horeholes be- ing worked continually night and day at a regular ewe 1, ani the force pump delivering unto the district could be set to varying speed according to the maximum require- ment during the day or the minimum during the night, while in the cese of fire this pump could be used to in- crease the pressure in the mains. Tne necessary build- ings for the above would be erected at this stage. Sec- tion No. 2 consists of a well 11 feet by 6 feet and 200 feet deep.. with (say) 500 fe,-it of turtnelikg 6 feet high and 5 feet wide, and the tunnel connected to each bore- hetes with a hesdine, and to place over the well a com- pound engine working lift and force pumps capable of dealing with (say) 20,000 gallons per hour. A cottage would now te erected for the man in charge. This section. which is necessary along wl:le the fi-st sec- tion to make in themselves a complete waterworks' scheme, would place the district in possession of a water supply with the least possible delay at an eetnneted expenditure of £13,000, when the waterworks would then be in a safe and cemplete sate able to ' cope with Ray emergency of accident or fire in addition to a plenti- fed and regular supply. The third section would con- sice• of a service reservoir capable of clntaining at least 500,000 eal!ons, and a high level tank conttining 25,000 gallons 50 feet from the ground, and both cnnnectFd with the pumping station by a 12-inch main. His total o3timee of the cost was £22.000. CLESIIK'S ES ['DILATED EXPENDITURE IN RESPECT OF THE SCHEME.

Imm-diatel7 upon completion of the Waterworks it is estimated that at least 100,000,000 gallons of water will be supplid to and consumed in the district pt annutn Oast year's actual supply and co:sumption was 72,000,000 gallons of water), and upon this estimate an approximate annual expenditurs in respect of whit is termed in the Engineer's Roport the " first and second sections, was £1,524 Ss 103, thowin:.t tho cost of water on the said estimated consumption of 100,000,000 gallons to be 36531. per 1,000 gallons per annum in res- pect of the first two sections, Toe annual estimated expelditure in respect of the third section was £2,366 I3s 10d. Assuming that the third section will not 131 proceeded with until such a period as the consumption of water will have reached 150,000,000 alions per annum, then the cost per 1,000 gallons would be 3 7861. There would be an estimated saving f £975 lls 2d per annum on sections one and two, and £1,393 6s 61 on section 3. MEDICAL OFFICERS' QUARTERLY REPORT.

Dr. Watkins presented his quarterly report for the quitter ended September 30 at the meeting of the High- ways and Sanitary Committee. There were registered 144 births, 89 deaths, excess of births 55. The birth rate was 381 and the death rate 23'5 per thousand of the estimated lypulation. The infantile deaths were at an annual rate of 30'3 per cent ; the deaths of children under 5 years of age were 662 per cent ot the total deaths ; and the zymotic death rate was 2 4 per 1,000 of the estimated population. 31 cases of infectious sicanees were notified ; 10 in Viaduct Ward ; 4 in Town Hall Ward ; 1 in Crorr-lane Ward ; 8 in Wargrave Ward; and ia Newton Ward. He greatly regretted to record that only six of these cases from three houses were received into the Isolation Hospital, thus leaving 19 houses the foci of fever infection. Ha could not gauge the measure of this calamity to the suspension of the power of i,olation, happening, especially as it did in the hot days of August, when summer diarrhea was extremely prevalent in the district. No infectious case had been received into the Isolation Hos- pital from this district since the 7th of July last. In corroboration of his opinion about isolation, or rather the want of it, he was able to offer independent testi- mony. Dr. Hayward, medical officer of health, of Hay- dock, recently wrote him " On August 22nd last I noti- fied to you formally the existence of a case of typhoid fever at 103. Legh-street, Eerlestown, in the person of a man named E lw krd Roberts—at the same time I recom- mended that the case should be removed to the Isolation Hospital. This was in view of these facOs : (1) The man was lodging in a room occupied by several other men. (2) The only person to give him any attendance was an elderly woman, the landlady, who has a green- grocer's shop to look after. (3) The landlady and her husband were anxious to have the man removed, and the man himself desired to go. However, I was in- formed that it was impossible to have the man removed. The man, fortunately, has recovered, bat during the course of his illness he several times, while delirious,got up and went into the street. From the point of view of the public it is scarcely satisfactory that the occupa- tions of nurse of a typhoid patient and server of green- groceries should be combined in the same person. My object in addressing this communication to you is that you may be able to represent to your sanitary authority, by means of a concrete case, the danger of having no adequate provision fair the isolation of cases of infectious diseases." In concluding his repert Dr. Watkins said he was glad to report a satisfactory improvement in the effluent from the Newton Mere in the last quarter, and also from observation that the water flowing past the Vulcan manifests, both visibly and otherwise, a consi- derable diminution of the pollution which had pertained for a long time past. The Highways and Sanitary Committee ordered that the Medical Officer of Health be requested to examine the printed no`ic.s of precautions against infectious disease, and revise them with the latest information. A let!er dated the sth October, was read from the War- rington Corporation stating that they could not at pre- sent enter into an arrangement, as suggested, with re- ference to reserving in the Warrington Isolation Hospital a specific number of beds for the absolute use of this Council, but that as plans for a considerable extension of the hospital had been approved by the local Govern- ment Board, consequently the Health Committee of the Corporation hoped in a very abort time to be in a better po.ithn for dealing with cases from this district. It was ordered that the Clerk again write to the Warring- ton Corporation astring them to reserve when the exten- sion of their hospital is completed a specific number (not less than six) of beds for cases of emergency from this district, in addition to the right of this Council to send cases as at present. The following building plans were approved and passed, Earlestown District Schools: Additional room. Sudwerth and Dutton's amended line of drain, Flaydock-ltreet. A letter dated the 26th Sep- tember, was read from the Local Government Board stating that before dealing further with the application of this Celt reit fra sancion to loan for private streets

Warring ton.—Printed and Published by Jour WALKER & Co. at The Axaminer General Printing Works, liewsey- street.and published by them at the same place and also at the The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road,Wiuxus; 42,George- street, ST. HELEN and 3, Market-street. EARLEsToWN, ia the County of Lancadtek and ',ls at High-qtr.et,liurcour In the County of Chwer,—Novumnut 10, 18.)4,

===== 0002601_18991110_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
iaQl3lard woull rec?ir, tii if th* chern, of sesvera4o ar.ui s ,w4ge di a prop p 40,1 0; t Cot Tie (Jierk w dirt t) t‘tara t,114t r:picr- woa'A v.n iicoursa.

Gerk r his inln A.:tar:um of air int,--rvieiv a sut-highmays co.ninA:i;te tiad b Me. P.rdey um refer-nee to cue prop° te.l opaurig out of cirtaia n-w roads. After 61s-elision theroxi it was re3-ev d that-, flit: pl•sn tor t iti owning otu,o a proposed ro..d. from Crow-Ane—iimmetliate•y opeesite to Water-stre t— to Wararave-road, now submete.i, be approved and. laid before Air. i'ardey for his approval, and that he oe asivd to b! „wool amolgh to rec..nnaresd Lord Newton to give the land requit.e i for the making of tee road ; tne road to b. 9 made by and at the exnewie of the Council,. subject to Load N iveLou ag,.ceieg to covenant that as land nbirti.ice: on ear side or lei, (.0,6 IS rez,- io: et:lading_ purp:fses a sum—to too h-reafter d Tided upon—aer yard of frontaqo small be p mid to Lies Council. That the plan tor th) e'natinuaion of Viaduct-street tr Market- street by a clad 'rid path, and isiaj ,iaing land fenced elf on each side, heapprovJd ; to be used for foot pasieng traffic only. The Clerk read the memorandum of an interview he and the Surveyor had bad with the Surveyor to the Warrineton Rural District- Council with reference to the suggested opening out of a new road b.3tweell Burtoawood and Earlestown, from which it appeared that the Warrington Rural Dia— -1 tri:t Counci! couLl not at the present time see their way to co-operate with this Couecil in the opening out of taw proposea road. The Clerk was directed to reply and sate that this Coun,ll regret to tear* their decision, and-. hope they will, as s)o As circumstances permit, co-- operate with them in the matter.

- A telegram and letter dated oCl.ober 2nd and Oct3ber 3rl respectively, were read from Mr. Riley, of St. Helens, solicitor to the two defendaniA,Lyon and Brown, in the toll c aes which re now waiting the necision of the Coast of Appeal, asking the COALICiI to remit his fees due for defending in the Warrington County Court. It was resolved that the matter be referred to Messrs. Peace and Ellisof Wigac,who have chorge of the appeal on behalf of the Council.

A complaint having been received from the residents in Oxford-street with refetence to the huts on the Market Ground having been infested with rats, it was resolved that the owners of the huts on the Market b 3 campelled to place them on whe-ils of a sufficient size as will allow of a clear space of at least ten inchei between the underside of rhe floor of the hut and the ground, and that the Market Inspector insist upon the huts being moved and replaced p-riedicatly (say at least once a quarter) to set.sfy himself that the "rat" nuisance will not occur again. A letter dated the 19je October, was read from the South Lancashire 'Frainwaes Co. asking for the direc- tions for posting notices in this district in the streets and roads where it 18 proposed to lay down their tramway. Ie was teeolved teat toe said notices be posted as directed by the Surveyor. The minutes were approved on the proposition of Mr. Collingwood. GENERAL PURPCHE3 COMMITTEE. The Clerk reported ati a meeting of this committee that the promised enlargemeat of Eerlestown Post Office had not yet taken place, elthJugu he had again written to the Postmaster General. It was resolved that the Clerk again write to if M. Postmaster General and if nothing is done to carry out the preposed enlarge- mect,the Member for this division be asked to bring the matter before the Soule of Commons. The Chairman reported that the Lancashire Light Railways Company had abandoned their scheme of last year and had given notice af their intention to apply in the next Session of Parliament for an Act under the Tramways Act where- upon it wae resolved that the matter be referred to the sub-committee who considered the light railways Bill of /est year, and efterwarde report. The Clerk reported that he had rec iced uo'ice from the Local Government Board that a local enquire wita reference to the applica- tion of this Council for a Provisional Order to amend the Newton District Improvement Act-, 1855, with regard to borrowing powers for gas works purr) ses would be held on Thursday, the 16th November, 1899, at 10.15 a.m., by Mr. E. P. Burd. _ MR. GILMOUR AT FAULT.

On the minutes of the Scnol Atten—dan—ce Committee c)ming up for confirmation Mr. Gili-nour called attention to tne fact that the qe.:-..terly stAternent of attendanceS had tr‘en printed which he considered was unnecessary. Mr. Ormand said the staZement was a very. valuable one, an I personally he woulet b sr,rry if it were omitted. Mr. Gilmour : Tnis i 3 the first time it has been published.

Mr: Ormand : That han incorrect statement. It is printed every quarter in the agenda. Mr. Gilmour : I have never noticed it bef)re. (Laughter.) Mr, Orrnand : That is not our fault, it is yours Mr. Gilmour. (Renewed lauzliter.) The minutes were then passed.

DEFRAI7DING THE Puntac.—Laet week, at Oa Northumberlanl Qqarter S,'SSiOtl9, before Mr W Askew- Robertson and Justice, Heiiry Winterup, 57, a man of good address, was indicted for obtaining the sum of 103 6cl from Eleanor G,bnison, and 3s 6d from Sarah Carr at Alnwick by falsely repre3enting himself to be a traveller for John Noble, Limited, of Manchester, the large=t firm of costumiers in the world. The priloner who addressed the juitiees It some length, and who stated that he had since 1853 received sentences for petty offences amounting altoLYether to 26 years, was sent to gaol for eighteen months hard labour on each charge, seWences to run concurrently.

===== 0002601_18991110_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
S 'r. MARY'S LATCHFORD.-WINNING NUM. 13KR ot Statue of bt. Patrick. 40.

NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRIEGTOrg.—MBETINGS ON LORD'S DAY NOVEMBER 12th as follows:—Preacher. Mr. W. S. KING a Scotch Evangelist. Worship 10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. Bo collection. Books provided.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTOW. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NOVRMER 12th. At 10 30, Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 630. Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. AU welcome. Hymn Books provided.

MASONIC HALL, 13oLD-STRBBT. OWING TO THE INCREASE OF PUPILS, MISS BTHBL SPINKS has eecided to hold an EXTRA DANCING CLASS in the above Room on THURS- DAY EVENINGS on and after NOVIMI3BR 16th,

RUNCORN ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. THE FIRST CONCERT Of the &aeon will be held in BRUNSWICK SCHOOLROOM (kindly lent for the ocliasion) Oa FRIDAY, NOVIIIBER 10th 1899, AT 8 p.m. VOCALIST: MISS °LINTS CLA.RH. Soto VIOLIN 84 LEADER: R. MAURICE KRUGIIIR. CONDUCTOR: MR. HORACE W. HANDLEY. ACCOMPANIST: MR. W. COOKE. A.R.C.O. Admission Is. Balcony Is 6d.

TRANSVAAL WAR. SOLDIERS' RELIEF FUND. A PUBLIC MEETING OF THR INHABITANTS OF RUNCORN WILL BE HELD DI THE DRILL HALL, GRERNWAY-ROAD, RUNCORN, 1:0 MONDAY NEXT. NOVRMBRR 13th, at 7-30 p.m. for the purpose of r.,!slnz a Fund cod thn Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Assosiatlon, and other Xindred Funds 'SIR RICHARD BROOKB. Bart., and others will address the nteeting. The Runcorn Volunteers with their band will attend. Chair to be taken by F. WIS WALL, Req.. J.P.

PRIAITIVE MI,TRODIST CHURCII, GREEN- WAY-ROAD, RUNCORN. A. GRAND BAZAAR WILL BE HELD IN THE SCHOOLROOM. On NOTE ABER 15th, & 16th, 1899. OPENING CEREMONIES. WEDNESDAY, the B tziar will he Opened at 2-31 p.m., by MISS TAYLOR, of Rydal Mount, F. J. NORILLN, Esq., J P.. will preside. TEMESDAY, the Bazaar will be Opened at 2-30 p.m., by F. WISWALL RSQ , LP, Chairman of th:, Ibricorn Urb tic District Council. Councillor S. OP/VT% of IVidnes will preside. THE STALLS will be furnished with a Soleadid Assortment of Useful and Ornamental Articles. OT HER. ATTRACTIONS including Fine Art Gallery. Speaking Rees, Edison's Phonograph, Perfecsoope. Novel Competitions, &a., &c. The Room will be Tastefully Deci)rated with Flags of all Nations, Chinese Lanterns, Fairy Lamps. &c. PRICES OF ADMISSION --Season Tickets (not trans- ferable), is 6d ; First Day, 2-3) to 6 p.m., is ; Aft-r 6 p.m., 6d • Second D ty, 2-31 to 6 p.m.. 6d; After 6 p.m., 3cl ; Children under 14 years of age. Maif-price at all times. The Bezaar will be Open on T,TURS DAY, from sto 6 o'clock, for School Childrea.—Ad mission 11 each.

IN-HITE STAR LINE. ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ~ - • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Qtteenstovrn. TEUTONIC Wed. Nov 15 i GERMANIC Wed Nov. 22 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tol IRINIA.Y. TEIRIE, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Lendenhal stn.ct, London 8.C..

ALL A N LINE STEAMERS - SAILING'S FROM LIVERPOOL. B.S. BUENOS AYittilAN for Portland Nov. 9th 8.8. OORRAN for St. John's and Halifax Nov. 11th 8.8, PARISIAN for Halifax and Portland... Nov. 16th *Ls. ORCAD lAN for St. Jotm's qr.d Halifax... Nov. 21st ‘?.3.. NUMIDIAN for Porthind. Nov. 25th *Cargo only Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- St., Liverpool.

THE WARRINGTON DRANIATIC SOCIETY. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. AT THE ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON ON THE 13, 14TH, AND 15TH DECEMBER NEXT, "THE PICKPOCKET.' IN AID OF THE WARAINGTON INFIRMARY AND THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT NURSING ASSoCIATIoN. ARTHUR BROWNE, HON. TREASURER & SECRETARY.

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUF&CTURER. Sacking, Cam as, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, etc.. &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. J. MARSH, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR HEFFIE LD 'TABLE CUTLERY. MRS. WALTON 'S TEA ROOMS. REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FEARNHEAD LANE, PADGATE,

S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOi,SNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY. SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, 11,-d. Sold by BOOTS N t JASII CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of 90. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD, PROPRIErORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addressee: 35, BRIDGE STREET,

15s. A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 tlll 7-30 At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGE-STREET, (Off Sankey-Street). Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS lI,VERY TUESDAY, 2 till T. At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDnE-STREET, Exactly opposite the Market.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co.,LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARZIES OF THE BUXTON LIME F1R516, LIMITED. SLATE AND BM LDER-s' M ERCIIANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFIcx AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marlon Street, Warrington

POVEY AND DUOKWORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 224 BUTTERMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

4411p1 EG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LBROE-STRENT, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

W ANTED TO PURCHASE FOR CASH. OLD GOLD AND SILVER. GENUINE ANTIQUES AND MINIATURES, AND OLD FALSE TEETH. VERY HIGHEST MARKET PRICE GIVEN. If you have any of the above you wish to dispese of send them by Past to MESSRS. OTUART AND WILLIAMS, 47, EDGE.LANE, LIVERPOOL, Who will send you Cash for them by return.. All Transactions strictly private.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A ISO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63—RENSHAW-STRERI. LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate. CONSULT YOUR POCKET. IF IT SAYS BE CAREFUL I OFFER You MY 6s. 6d. GENTS' SEWN BOOTS IN THE LARGEST VARIETY PoSSIBLE. IF YOU MAY PLUNGE THEN TRY MY HORSE SKIN, OR BOXCALF BOOTS AT Bs. 6d. Perfect Fit, By Post. ARTHUR EVANS, CITY BRANCHES :- 5, LONDON-ROAD, 24. BERRY-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 225, Anfield.

T. E. HUGHES, (LATE 5, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.) HAS REMOVED TO HIS NEW PREMISES 365 PARADISX STREET, LIVERPOOL. W HERE HE WILL SELL HIS HIGH-CLAS; STOCK OF LAMES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS AND CAPES, AT PRICES MUCH BELOW OTHER SHOPS. HOT WATER BOTTLES, 6 x 8 6 x 10 8 x 10 8 x 12 2s lid 3s 3d 4s 201 4s lid 6 x 12 1..) x 12 8 x 14 10 x 14 3s lid 5s 6d 5s 6d 6s 3d 12 x 14 10 x 16 18 x 16 7s 2d 6s lid 8s 6d THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN eir • E. HUGHES, 36, PAqADISE-STREET, T (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVEhPOOL. LIERGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATHER.- 13 Every workman should have one of HAGUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool. BRADLEY, PASS AND Co., 68, HANOVER-STREET, TWO DOORS FROM BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKERS, GILDERS, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, &c. GLACIER IMITATIONS OF STAINED GLASS.

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 38. lid.; any size. A first-class tassel with each ecover. Choice selection of Umbrellas iknd Walking Sticks always ',kept in stock. 27, MANCHESTER-BT., Liverpool.

LeTutcsb. FOR CURE 014' ItIaiTUES6. It T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure f Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 9 Grosvenor-street Lou oon-road. Manchester.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- Li TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measurPs TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE an( LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent ear— riage paid.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKPR AND IMPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENoHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

eALL OR WRITE if you want a treat. TOM TAYLOW Sewn Biota FIT the Feet. Ladies' or Gent's, 6/11, 8/11. 10/6 to a Guinea. Carriage paid. Football Boots, 3/11. Shin Guards, 6d.-50. MANCEESTER-STREET, Liverpool.

FREE ON RECEIPT OF POSTAGE STAMP. A Treatise on the latest American Method of dispen- inz with Plates and ail Mechanical Applianees in persons wearing Artificial Teeth, so that the mouth and palate shall be perfectly free from all obstruc- tions. Address—SECRETARv, DR. LA GRANGE, 72, PRINCES ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

TO FARMERS UIROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now ‘,.) used by most leading Farmers In Cheshire and South Lancashire ; results proving that it is THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIME Ft.,lt AGRICULTURAL PURYOSES. Depot: Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington, where full particulars and price may be obtained on application. For thp convenience ot Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sookey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T. Halton, San key.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

LONGWORTH PAPER MERCaANT 1 BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s ow CHEESE ~ ne ~ PURPLE BAGS, 9. THIN WHITE PAPER, I , BLUR OR PINK,. 12s 6d CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 7id ;16 by 24, 10d; 19 by 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d. 2 ors. Is, 4 ors. Is 2d per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE ld per 1000 less. ENVELOPES, is 6d 1000. NOTE PAPER,3fd per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 ILND 6, QAK STREET, THOMAS•STERHT, MANCHESTER.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E. M. ASH IJRST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LITE W. H. AND C. LAWMEN), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTIED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2rin, 1899.

WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all NAND-MADE SILVER ENULISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASEi, well finished and espeeially adapted to fit let in the poeket. 'FOR FIFTX SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUbir OF ROiIGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITI(iN I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This wet). can be hat' in ALL SIZ uS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at sathe price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCR AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom. In reoeipt of P. 0.0.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN S-TOU BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ELLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM WINWICB ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN KERET.

MILLINERY 1 M ILLINERY ! ! HARMAN DREW Is Now SHOWING NOVELTIES AND APPROVED FASHIONS IN MILLINERY FOR WINTER WEAR. Best Styles at Moderate Prices. 129, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

BARGAINS AND COMMON SENSE. Our system of trading brings the best class goods within the reach of everybody, and those who must economise, whilst securing the more valuable and costly specimens in Jewellery. Watches, and Table Plate, can do so in their dealings with us. OEIR UNIQUE PJSITION as Pawnbrokers and pealers eaabling us to give to our icustomers the fullest advantages derived from the valuable forfeited properties of private wearers. jewellers, and watchmakers, A small deposit will secure any of the undermen- tioned bargains, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 10, IMOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Bottom end• close by the Adelphi Hotel). Telephone 6,084. 11 OLD JEWELLERY AND WATCHES EXCHANGED. LOANS MADE TO ANY AMOUNT.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDS £430,000,000. For all particulars apply t. ~be following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st Messrs. Woods A Son. Commercial Chambers. 55, Horsemarket- stree Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe. l, Bank Street. £4,000,000 HAVE NOW BEEN PAID IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE, BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNH ILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office: 64, Cross Street. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate ~ Mr, W.H. RlGERY.Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moortield House

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 105. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING t,R WEAK HAIR. And Sure' Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 641. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- W. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTIJA:. REMEDY IN CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC HOUT SCIATICA LUMBAGO. HEADACHE, PAIN s IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES. CHILBLAINS, Sm. PRICE is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. ej • H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, sIV HITEC APEL, 7, CHURCH STREET ; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EVANS, SON AND CO., and JOHN THOmP. SON, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 700.

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. AC. TOWLE'S C HLORODYIN E 13id. per Pottle. A. P. TOWLE ka ANCPIP3TER.

WIDOW WELCH'S FILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtainel for it a most extensive and ikcreasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they ptirchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possess.on of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Ou'side itbel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agent.." W. EDWARDS & Sox 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pan is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2e. 9d. each by most Chemist.

LADIES ! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complat.ts, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is he only nositive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately. and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every 2.ase. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full partio,u- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1,000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKES, 10, FEATHERSTONE BUILDINGS, HIGH HULBCLIN, LONDON. W.C.

For limey 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known ;remedy Efor Anemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 90., Is. ltd., 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direet from the Pro- prietor— Da. atlas, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill. London.

CHESHIRE CREME DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT P 0 VET AND DUCK WORTH'S 2121 °VI3-9YUTATNED;3I EC /T( W O STREETR TH'S , , DAR: AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDER ELLAS : IX BOXES FOR 18s. 6d. AT W. SHAW'S, (WHOLKSALE DBALBR). AGENT FOR. WILLS', COPE'S, HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. SOLE ADDRESS: 1/‘ ;P LOCKS, RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

BERESFORD AND CO., LATE LEE AND BURMAN. LAST DAYS OF SALE. ALL CLASSES OP • BRUSHES AND LEATHER GOODS, iSTILL FURTHER REDUCED TO MAKE ROOM FOR LATEST XMAS NOVELTIES. 77, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BREVITY IS THE SOUL OF WIT. AND IN THIS BUSY AGE A SHORT ADVERTISEMENT WREN TO THE POINT IS PREFERABLE TO A LONG-WINDED ANNOUNCEMENT HENCE THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT FOUNDED ON FACT. YOU CAN FURNISH THROUGHOUT CHEAPER AND BETTER AT THE P I ()NEER COMPLETE FURNISHING BTORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. THAN IN ANY OTHER ESTABLISHMENT. THE PRINCIPAL FACTORS ARE THE ENORMOUS OUTPUT, AND THE SYSTEM OF SELLING FOR CASH ONLY. WE DELIVER CARRIAGE PAID TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN, ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. Illustrated Catalogues free.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 3r.c. Terms Moderate. A PINE COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

LADIES' TAILOR FROM PARIS, PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. P. RAPETTI, 16A, RODNEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. PRICE MODERATE. ON PA RLE FRANCAIS.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEIDING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTR6e PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of interest ; atriot privacy guaranteed Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

MANCHESTER 1 GREAT F 0 R SHO W ALL CLASSES TAILORING OF AT OVERCOATS AND PRICES AND SUITS TO CLOTHING FOR SUIT ALL AUTUMN AND DEPOT. WINTER. REQUIREMENTS. SEE rINDOWS. 8 AND 10, HORS EMARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON

TO FISH CURERS AND FISH MERCHANTS. • WM. McLACHLAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING MERCHANTS, Da, BRIDEGATE, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LOCHFYNE FRESH and SPRINKLED HERRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest garket Prices. Cash with orders. Telegram address: Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone No. 1185.

FrarkaNatartag.,-, . 'A. ::. • .:- . ~ -•-,, s ':•: .1' , •:• ~, --.III43NEINE-Nrs4,7 Stylish in Design, Madefand Finished to Perfecuion in Two very Durable and Good Looking 1 Cloths, and supplied at at lower price than would be charged by an ordinary Dresmake for the mere making-up. Praised by thousands of Well-pleased Customers. THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. Ivd.ll trir. HALF -G.U,IN. En:. . ..v;". ~,i,,,,,,, F.Ekl.te,tich I are unquestlonablytheßest ' Tir, AT Value eder offered in the , A •JEO2I Costume World. Promptly ranotk2grgrcelr7st(sa.frei:y -e • 'it callia. Orlglnatorsrecandr°Actual , - a i, extra. Manufacturers, Brook St. Mills, Manchester. , v0it..,4...„, .4cF ill ri SS ~,, ,-'-- .). sketch, igat! - vs. '..,' Car. 4d. ~,.< ;... _extra. PATTERNS ) ) 1 fie,,,ii• ~\. \\:‘s',•:,,t,*lA, POSSENTT FREE ct, \ \‘ q ~.••:. : V ' o the Two Famous°r Fabrics in which the ,stumes are made. I.—The DEN W 10 Neu LE F - i '. ---- • !o sERqI, euil Zarß_reSl4 -‘COSTUME COATING. a (1,1 otPO 11 glitter' weight and smoother surface. OVER TWO MII.LION TAM are sold .. Annually.a striking proof of popularity. ' , .Pt Al ' _ , AygNAß.E.S.,,SiatEeN),OfirHvosf.jnigcel,o2 , 'ip • ./.',...... ),i , - '"", ,istil Any length cut at 1/3 per yard. '-•;•:-. • 0 .1.,:.• . ~ 11319`- • .W . MOURNING ORDERS sent 0:•:... , , ..,,, ..:,4.., . ".k. off in 12 hours. ..•..ti,z / , • le, I, ' ' V.// ,4,\A\ .....„,,,,.. \ ''''‘ 71' THE WINTER .CATALOGUE /L,.... ..‘'.\ ':',' ' ~.6 - , \\\\ ,\ \ -:,:v (84pp , with illustration.) of Costume.s. '', if ly .. ~/., \ f ~. , N, f, Mantles. Sc .is now ready. A: ropy w. ill ' , , ...... be sent free to anyone who writes for it. • //, I ' \ ,/ ;• Well-knitted WOOL 0,- / ....:*4 / ,1 * \ 1:‘ ' \\\: A :'' Postage, 2d. • iii_. / /4, 'y / t THE JOHN NOBLE inaliiilli / y ~,./ .4.-. \ , • =' , • \ `•\\ rrUti'nfitg-th7rtiiii.ngp2r. lit • / ' ..' / / I/I tzt \\ A duced ing the JOHN ' iPlij 1.1 \ • ' E MOINIVIIBW, ,4 . \,. . -= . 7-- Model 1352. Model 1323. cl) 1184:13"120Ve:f c.i.,7,tenTrTlis.krteanndd overy,_ tot;enlemtlvlrendigetnopf ~, ~, ,\ :_. ,„ Consists of Costume Skirt. with Shoulder and down to waist in front. skirt in front) and ii \; , new inverted pleats, and a tailor-cut -C2 and are with box-pleat and collar, prices are CtS : 33 d, well - made Coat with double - , trimmed a narrow fancy braid. The 21 24 27 30 breasted fronts, and tight -fitting ag „.• effect is charming. Price 1016. Carriage, VS 2/- VG 3/- 3/6 back. Slay be had with sac9ue back • 6d. extra. Skirt alone. .516. Car. 5d ex. 36 39 42 45 LU li -- •- Carriage, Ca, extra. Skirt alone, 5/6. -= Bankers: London City and4lioettg!, 46d/-. ext6r/as --,•'---z------:- Carriage, sd. extra. c., Midland Bank, Ltd. each size. =• Please mention this paper when ordering, and send direct to— cd s.. BROOK STREET MIL co , JOHN NOBLE, 11:11/1 MANCHESTER. ENSINEr*aftkiiikak3NaiACVFNENENUMEN.,...WINZP-5rp,...74,..-.,, ,•:-,...zw.,..,

readers of The Warrington Examiner. Organs and Harmoniums, 5/- per month. CRANE AND SONS, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL.

• ••;,. .• • , CFRONIC BRONCHITIS, WHEEZING will cease at once by using that wonder- ful invention, Zematont Asthma Powder To prove the efficacy of this preparatioi ask for a free sample from ZEMATONE CO. O. GREAT RUSSELL ST., LONDON.i :,-.1.115173LE FREE.

E WORLD' k_ :117, , - 1111

Ladies' Ailments. Speedy relief will be derived by taking at once Mrs. S Clair's famous 'Specific." Known for 20 years as the Safest and Most Effectual Meuieine of its kind. Cures all Irregu- larities and Promotes and Maintains Regular Health. Testi menials Daily. Avoid Imitations. Post free (under corer), price 29. 90., 4s 93., and Us, per case. MRS. N. ST. CLAIR. 46, Southampton Buildings. London, W.C. Particulars an 1 Advice for Stamped Address. N.B.—Not to be taken for Plegal Purposes.

1) f 4. -L.) 'PrZ . :73 EXIMINR9," NOVEMBER 10TH 1899. All communication, inctling sol.stions to oroalii-ns and proplems for C.)mp,itition. munt:. n, allressed to the " DraugUs " " " VVar- rington, and must, r th th • odi,J, not later than the first post on F 4.i morning. rho Draughts tt.litor will be pleased to r3ceive problems from lotsl players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column ,sll ANS Vi 111 RS TO I,OtUL FN PON D T. P. Poußms, WARRINGTON.-Thti p.)in:", you re- fer to woull not consr,itute a minor correction ; it was only a printer's eirar. This wili also answer W. Rigby and T. Rickers. A..RUTTER, WARILINGTON.-Problern to hand, but is hardly difficult enough tor insertion, as Whitecan win three or four ways; try again. W. RIGBY, WARRINGTON. —Will you kiadly in- form me whether you prefer aid 5s cash or books on the game, to tout Nmouat for your prlza. If you prefer books please state whic), ---- S9LUTION TO PROBLOI No. 57. Black men on 3. 4,5, 11. aril 17; Rog on 9. White men on 19, and 26; Kings on 1,2, and 30. White to move and draw. 1— 6 11-18 30-14 3-10 14-10 (s) 9-13 26- 21 (b) 4 8 6-15 I.h.s.v.a 19 -15 , 17-26 2- 7 13- 9 (a) 9-14, 19-15. 11-18, 2-7 3-10, 6-13 Drawn (b) 3-8,2 7, and white would win. ----- PROBLEM.. No. 58. SELECTED. [BLACK]

epartmtntsS, & eutnisbeb 50u5e5. OHESHIRIL—A Winter lio-51fl-FOIL VV INVALIDS, every comfort. good cooking; —Mrs. COOPER. 13 Nortb-road, West Kirby.

ASTBCURNE.—LARGH WINTBR ROOMS, cheap, _EA central. Good cooking and attenchncs. Molorate terms.—Mrs. LARKIV, Savernake House, South-street.

aittriaton. Miss FLORENCE TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbaeh of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils f. r PIANOFONTE LESSONS. Recomme ded by H. STaNDRER-WEILSING. Beg F. H. CnossLur and others.— Address 16. MISEUM-STRE,r, Warrington.

MR. W. ii. PAYTON MUS. BAC. ',WT., (Organist mid Choirmaster of Wycliffe Churoh), ARCHIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTHRPOIIIT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils preperei for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

910 CLOGGERS.—WA.NTHD, several good breakers up.— ..1_ Apply W. SMALLBY, Stone Hill, Grindletou, near Clitheroe.

MASONS (Banker hands) WANDED, 80. to 90. per hour.—Apply MORRISON & MAsoN,Limited,Oontractors Ludlow.

WAR MEDALS Wanted. dated 1848 or earlier; £2 each given, also Matabele, Atbara. Arctic, &c.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droitwich.

WANTED.—Eaergetic and respectable MAN, for Assur- ance Book, £1 per week salary, excellent opportunity 124 GREENWAY-ROAD. MINCOnt.

_ OABINBT-MAKHRS (two first-class) Wanted ; none but k_ good, reliable. steady men need appIy.—THFXTON AND GARNF.R. Fisbergate. Preston.

CONPBCTIONERY WANTBD young GIRL, as oprenree for High Class business, not under 15, particulars.— H. WALl%Mkir, Bradshasvgate, Bolton.

rjIOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See llid. Guide (269, J pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Euston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr 14. MYERS.

DIRMINGHAM GOODS, Furniture, Bassinettea, 11 Wringers, Toys, Hardware Jewellery, Watches, &c. AGENTS WANTED. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY, Birmingham.

WANTSD, two ASSISTANTS, Art VI St. IV. and 111. drawing or sewing; salary to comm (ace at £50— Apply, with copy of testimonials, to MASTER, St. Martin's, Castieton, Lancashire.

SHORTHAND.—New era ; SLOAN-DUPLOYAN SYSIBM; Ipbour of years reduced to months ; postal lessons ; particulars free ; Agents Wanted.—SitcaTHAND ASSOCIATION, 3, Stella-villas, Mitcham-road. London, S.W.

- WESLEYAN and GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY established 1841.—WANTED. AGENTS whole or spare time.—iipply W. TAYLOR, Srperintendent, ten to twelve, 14, Cairo•street, or 30 Bewsey-road, Warrington. SHI RTMAKEIRS and JACKET hands (thoroughly experi- enced) Wanted immediately for superi work.—Apply WILLIAM CRATES a SoN, Wholeiale .;hirt Manufacturers and Genera'. Manchester W arelnalsetuen, Irlarsgate, Bridge- street, Wa.iingtOfl.

A GENTS REQUIRED In unrepresented districts for the ,CIL Imperial Accident, Live Stock & General Insurance Co., Ltd. Estd. 1878. Departments :—Personal Accidents, Carriage and Drivers' Accidents, Horse & Cattle Insurance. Claims paid £150,033. Address Mr. 13. 8. ESSEX, Manager, 17, Pell Mall Erst London, S.W.

QANITAILY INSPECTORSHIPS.—SaIaries from £lOO to 1,7 £l5O numerous vacancies; permanent appointments Speed Postal Course ef Le MI now commencing for Leeds and other exams ; previous explriences unaeceasary ; over 200 success '1 candidates.—A,pply ROB ERT MusHErts,Science Teacher, Sunderland.

PBNKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s. 6d. and 25. Bd. per week MILL-,TREET.—Seyeral Suites offices. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW. rent Is. 6d. 33, BRIDGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehou,e Sc., principal position in town, rent moderate. RIVER VIEW. Penketh rent ss. 6d. 71, WELLFIELD-street. rent 4s. 6d. 21 PRECY-street. rent 4s. 6d. 21 CATHERINE-street. rent 48. 3d. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55.

rpo LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE. rents 4s. Apply J. WOODS $ SON, solicitors. Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton.

rpo LET.—LARGB ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. DREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1 Apply WOODS & Sox. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warriap.ton.

I ELSBY.—Six-roomed House to toe GUT, in Ebenezer Terrace, close to post office and station.—Apply Mrs. WHITE, Bank House, Helsby,

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station, through Railway Arch.) SPLENDID SELECTION OF BARGAINS. IMMEDIATE DISPERSAL I'MPERA.TIVE. DITTS'S ANNIVERSARY SALK commemorates the advent of PITTS'S in Lour:ion-road, and gives PITTS'S an opportunity of further benefiting their in- numerable customers by offering IRRESPEt.TIVE OF PRO- FIT, thoroughly reliable Furniture, Carpets, Pianos, and General Furnishings, PETTS'S ANNIVERSARY SALE is sufficiently well known and highly appreciated not only in the Man- chester locality, but fifty miles around, to make it unneces- sary to emphasise the Sale's undoubted popularity. Most shrewd, wi4e-awake people are aware that at this Sale £1 often goes as far as £2 usually do. Hence the rush for bargains. PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES of FURNI- TURE at 153/4, 223/4, 283/4, 381,50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, specially augmented in quality and qu,ntity. repre- sent a CLEAR SAVING OF ONE-HALF Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE. con- taining 700 artistic designs, each priced seat post free. Cash prices only quoted. Daferrei payments arranged suiting c nience. PITTS'S FIFTEt_N-AND-A-HALF-GUINEA BAR- GAIN, LIVING ROOll has strong Sofa or Couch in American Leather, set of nice Chairs, serviceable Dresser, Pair of Rocking and Arm Chairs. Substantial Square or Fall Leaf Table. Fender, Fireirons, Floorcloth and Rug. Wringing Machine, Dolly, and Tub. three Pans and Kettle BED- ROOM includes Pair of nicely polished or enamelled Toilets. Loth fully enclosed with drawers. large Swing Glass at- tached, tile back. Ac. ; two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail, Toilet Set, full-sized Bedstead. Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and two Pillows. Carpet or Flooroloth STAIRS AND LANDING fitted with Carpet, Flo -ircloth, Stair Hooks and Eyes. Brass Door Plate, Cocoa and Door Mats. Compare this wi h what expensive City firms charge £35 for and judge for yourselves. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expensive city firms charge £250 for. Eight rooms, each containing rs- quisite number of tasteful, durable articles. Space forlsids details, but the drawing room is in Rich Tapestry. Dining room Leather. Sitting-room Saddlebags. First Bedri orn, American Walnut; Second, Mahogany; Third, Satin Walnut; Fourth. Decorati d Kitchen. Scullery. Halt, Stairs, Land- ings, Carpets Rugs, Floorc'oths. Unquestionably a marvel- lous bargain. Well warth inspecting. s 1-4ITTS'S BEDSTEADS, CARPETS, CYCLES, Bassinettes, Mail Carts, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen- ware. Magnificent selection. 'Guaranteed great saving. PITTS'S PIANO-3 BY COLLARD, BROAD WOOD, KIRKMA.N, and other good makers, fully guaranteed; splendid selection; grand bargains in NEW and SECOND- HAND INSTRUMENTS for Cash or Easy Payments, de- livered first instalment. PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE. —Every description of Bookcases. Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses at about Half City Prices' QAM LJEL PITTS. Establi.ned 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANG FIRST Elt, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

DR. DR.ROO'S COMPOUND RSNAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone In the Blad6ler, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed ohe nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, wi, h the words, " WALTER DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order or Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid and 2s. 9d., at ad Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors. Holiord House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

Statts bp #rtbatt Erratp.

G. ET. k H. IVI. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, 11101110ARLOI7 R Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Ge .ts and Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames. and well 26 6 made. Our Price S. D.

C±ENT'S 4014 English Lever Payments taken. UV Hunting WATC'i. by Harris & Son, London and Manchester; in heavy 18 Carat Gold Cases, with all £l4 latest improvements. Our price 15s. 6D. AT CHULICH-STRHET.

iIIENT3 very Massive 18 Carat Payments taken. k..X Gold Albert CHAIN. Hall- Rll 15s. 6n. marked on every Link. Our pries WORTH DOUBLB.

CAENT'S Gold BNGLISH LRVBR Payments taken. kir WATTAL by that noted maker. J. Hargreaves, Liverpool; in heavy 18 Carat Gold Cases. A genuine £l4 10 forfeit. Really cheap.S. WORTH DOUBLE. JACKSON'S. CHI3RCH-STRBBT.

LADY'S Gold Geneva WATCH, Payments taken. capital timekeeper; and Gold £2 lei-I ALBERT; the two s. 6D. VERY CHEAP.

i ADYS First-class Silver Lever Payments taken, LI WATCH, in capital condition and really good timekeeper. Genuine forfeit. Warranted two 49 6 years. Our price .S. D.

LADY'S Long 'Gold GUARD, Payments Wien. very nest pattern. Almost £4 12 new. Our price S. 6D. WORTH 6 GUINEA.

11 AR6} E Stock of Sliver Paymenta taken. Li WATOH ES and Silver ALBERTS on Sale. Very Cheap.

A £6 Royal London Insurance BOOK for Sale, solid and it well compact, what offers.—Apply, 45, LoNGFORD-131%. Warrington.

Marvel Patent FILTRIL—A splendid Selling Line at L is. Agents Wanted ;£5 weekly easily earned ; par- ticulars free. Write PATENT FILTER Co.. Sheffield.

MARRIED lADIES. INFORMATION OF PRICELESS VALUE FRB).—tamped envelope; acme paper.— Mrs. LAWRENCE, 2, South John-street, Liverpool.

FISH ! Fish! Fish !—On receipt of 2s. 6d. will forward Bass of Finest Selected Fish; carriage paid ; trade sup plied ; price list free. —HARRY BATTY. Fish Docks, Grimsby.

t2LASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGIAS.—Why pay UJ three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—SmiTa & Soils, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

28 158- anly.—Capital hair-seated mahogany DINING- ROOM SUIT% comprising large coach. massive pair cot Cromwell easy chairs. and six small oh airs. Cost £2O £8 15s. only. BULTON, 97. Granby-street, Liverpool.

111DRIVATB CHRISTMAS CARDS. Printed in Gold with your own wording, name and address. From is. 6d. per doz• Sample Book sent —Thomes BROTHERS •ND Co., Printers, 34 36, and 37, Rverton-road, Liverpool.

L 100 REWARD to any Person Producing a Cure for Piles niore successful during 10 years than Easelib. the Physicians Inward Remedy ; worth £l. By Chemists is; post tree is 141. SPEDDIKG, Bone-setter, Batley.

rpo BE SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. riuirAble for Chemical or other Works preparation,voles etc., requiring space.—Address J. Hosxmar, 16, Fenwick-street, I iverpool. RAToftPOlSON.—Amongstofferedforthe cti otnh the many mß'ant3; Mice, Sanferd's original " Fouud Dead" rpecialities are admitted bY users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes, is. 2d. 25.. and 35., poet free, SANDFORD & Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

S- --- OUT HPORT.—POR SALR CENTRAL PREMISES, built expressly for carrying on the business of hay, straw, and provender dealers. containing ',clod commodious ware- houses, cart sheds. 4 stall stable, harness room with lofts over, also good dwelling-house, two sitting rooms, seven bed- rooms, bath, w.e kitchen, scullery, pantry, &e.—Particulars F.A.flositipciE Alin HITCH. Aughton-road, Birkdale. 1 T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a 1 Quantity of Good GOVB itliMliNT GOODS, passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 61 t. by 31 t. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. by 61t Heavy, Large, DArk Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-leather Meadstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good Ail-wool Rugs. 4lb weight, 71t, by 61t.. W .t.nproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 46in. by 42in 3 0 White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletholes, 461 n. by 421 n 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All•leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, qnite new, Stout Leather, 251 t. long, metal buekles 4 6 Clean, White Linen E3d Sheets, lift. by 51t 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Sureiusrles with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, Is. per square yard, with' lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

GRAND EVENING CONCERT, PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. FRIDAY, NOTEMBRIZ 17TH, at 8 o'clock. MISS ALICE E TY, (The Famous Prima Donna). MISS MARIAN McKENZIE (The Gifted Coutralto). MR. HERBERT GROVER (Tenor). MR. ALVC MARSH (The Popular Baritone). M ISi JANOTHA (Court Pianist). taus ETHEL MARS El (Solo Violinist). MR. Ha VAN VL EET (Conductor). SEVEN GREAT ARTISTES. Reserved Seats :—Dress Stalls, 55. ; Body of the Hall, 35. ; Centre Gallery, 3s. Unreserved Seats :—Side Gallery, 2s. ; Body of the Hall, Promenade, end Back Gallery, is. N.B.— EARLY DOORS for Ticket-holders. Plan and Tickets at PIGOT'S PIANOFORTH WAR lIHOUSII. 75. Bridge-street, Warrington. Orders by post (enclosing remittance), allowed best vacant ptices. N.B.—Special late trains to Latchford, Thelwall, and Lymm, after the concert.

ARR HALL, WARRINGTON. IN AID OF THE INFIRMARY EXTENSIONS. Under the patronage of the Mayor of Warrington, J. Charlton Parr Esq.. Mrs. Pickmere. Councillor John Roberts the Management Committee and the Ladies' Committee. 1 GRAND I, -ONCERT BY THE BEETFIOVEN SOCIETY OF MANCHESTER. FIRST PREQIDENT BE LATE SIR CHARLES HALLE. PRESIDEN i: —F. H. COWEN ESQ. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22ND, 1899. POPULAR PROGRAMME FULL ORCHESTRA OF 80 PERFORMERS : VOCALISTS : MRS. ABENSUR MR. GEORGE MUSGRAVE, MR t ECU, HARDISTY. Tickets and Plan (now open) at Mr. B. 11.PEARSONS Bold-street, Dress Seats res,rvsd 4s. Centre Gallery, re served 3s, Side Galleries 2s. Back Gallery, Is, Body o Hall 6d. Commence at 7.30. Carriages 9.45. HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES, FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PAR TIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAU. WAGONETTES, &c., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE Na. 169. BRANCH OFFICE : 24, HORSE MARKET-ST' OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES BEATII6IDE, WARRINGTON.

Rtattsat,Zurtion.

ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms No 1. BANK-STREET. 11 ARRINGTON. Telephone No. f 5. Cash adv.need on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-h And Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, ac., warehoused.

OtoritO, 3Succfnesso. CU.

TOR SALM. an old Rnd well-fttablished Walt round ; 1: stock an 4 utensils if desired.—Apply Mr. STONEILEWER., Henbury, Malcolmfield.

ROCHRY, PROVISIONS ;at a good corner shop. Good kJ reasons fe: leaving.—Apply 142, BLA.CBFRIARS-ROAD, Salford, Manchester.!

HBRB BIM, Tobacco. S veets, ,tc.. Business, £l5 Stock and Fixtures. ice best shop on the road ; a nice house good living,-336, GT. Hoy/ARP-sr., Liverpool.

CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety% Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free. —MABBOTT, Lever-st., Manchester.

Ililarbiaern, _ RBlO9 9,1 y. -MODBL ENGIUB, copper boiler, and (13 mcno. Cost £32. BURTON, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

rA TEN T OFF IC 14 MANCHESTER, B81•13LI8HED IN 1836. Heger GEORGE LAVIEB ,t SON have ha.l mote than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the cotton, woorien, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws." price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

;Iltisfrai Enstruinta t 5.

-DIAN°, BY JOHN BOND. £l3 10s., oast 226. £l3lOB. 1 only. BURTON'S, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

214 10s.—PIANO, by Furnival and Sons; brass pin- plate, iron frame, equal to new ; £l4 103. Bunvnes. Granby-street.

W ILLIAM LEA'S PIANOS. --- How to Buy a PIANOFORTE, ORGAN, or HARMONIUM At the Lowest Possible Price. and a Choloe of Four Different Wave of Paying for an Instrument. 32,500 PIANOS, ORGANS, HARMONIUMS Sold by William Lea since 1871. Catalogues of new Up-to-Date Models post free. 50 AND SE. OHURCH-STRIIIT. LIVERPOOL.

-DIAN° by Broadwood mn4 Sons, rosewood case, ivory keys J. suitable for school, wattage, or mission room, k2O or upon th. 3 easy payment system £2l. WILLIAM LEA. 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET.

-DIAN° in choice walnut case, grand and fall tone, mar- -1 queterie panel trout, by London maker. Net £l5, or easy payment system £l6. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-471M1T, "DIAN° by Thad, panel front, check action walnut ease, .1 brilliant tone. Net price £l6. or upon the easy payment system £l7. As supplied to the Liverpool School Board, WILLL%M LSA, 50AND 52, CHURCH-STREBT. PIANO by Broadwood mud Sous. rosewood case, Patent: check action, marqueterie nanel. Net price £36. or upon the easy payment system £.37 10s. WILLIAM LICA, 50 AND 52, OFIURCH-QTREBT. -DIAN° by John Brinsmead and Sons. in ebonised ease, trichord,"cheek action, hand.ome panel front. Net cash £3B, or upon the easy payment system £39 18s. WILLIAM LEA. 50 AND 52. CEfUItOH-STRERT.

PLANO by Coat rd and (Joilard, in biEck and gold case,iron frame, pin-plate, triehord, and all improvements ; £35. or upon the easy payment system £37. "I am very pleased; will recommend you to all our frieuds.'—T.S., Truro. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52, CHURCHATREET. P lANO by Neumeyer in rich walnut ease, full trichord. L cheek action, iron frame, and all improvements. Net 231105. or upon the easy payment system £33. "During the five years, instrument has given perfect satisfaction."—S.E. L., Earlestown. WILMA VI LEA, 50 AND 52, CHEURCHATREHT:

iurrAus ORGAN. full cempass of 5 Gutares,klarge size, k.; in handsome Gothic case, with knee pedal, Jr.c. Net £4 10s., or upon the easy payment system £5. ••Theronghly satisfied with both tone and appearance." —J. W., Chester. WILLIAM LRA, 50 AND 22. CHURCH-STRERT.

COTTAGE ORGAN, in handsome .othi s case, with seven stops, knee pedal, very superior finish : net cash £7 15s, or upon the easy payment system £3 ss. •• The choir con- gregation, aud myself are delighted with the organ.''—G. S. 0., Newport. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET.

(111IIROH HARMONIUM, oak. with 14 stops. 8 sets of V reeds, bFst French rake ; net cash 114, easy payments £sl4 14s. As supplied by William Lea to the Liverpool Board Schools. WILLIAM LEA 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, TIRAWING-ROOM ORGAN, 13 stops, 2 knee—Pedale, 9 Li octaves of reeds, charming ;Ape-like tone. Net cash £l2 121. or upon easy payment system £l3 13s. WILLIAM LEA. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET. CHURCH ORGAN, £45. Two-Vanua' Pedal Organ list price 135 guineas. A rnagr.ificent instrument, with 18 stops, 11 sets of reeds. Net cash £45, or upon the easy payment system £4l. WILLIAM LEA, 51 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

BERESFORD, LATH LEE AND 'BURMAN. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, TO MARE ROOM FOR 1. ATEST XMAS NOVELTIES OF MILITARY AND LADIES' HAIR BRUSHES, IN IVORY, SILVER. AND EBONY, TRAVELLING AND DRESSING BAGS, OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. DRESSING, LETTER. WRITING, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE CASES, LADIES' HANDBAGS, PURSES, IN ALL NEWEST SHADES, AND WITH GOLD AND SILVER MOUNTS. BUY FRDM THE MANUFACTURERS YOUR SILVER BRUSHES AND MIRRORS AT UNAPPROACHABLE PRICES. 77 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CH/O'MR. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Stc., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the seasom to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indwr and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. B. ALDRF.D, Stamford-rd., Altriricham. Mr. J H. I%7llyToN. West Derby. Liverpool.

boui HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. .HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, &c. ren.oyed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONN MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on band, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and eyerything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAI-,D, LONGFORD.

IF YOU STUDY YOUR POCKETS AND WISH TO SAVE MONEY BE SURE YOU CALL OR WRITE AT ONCE TO F. D. MURRAY & CO, THE MONARCH FURNISHIMS, JEWELLERS, SILVERS:IITHS, &c., 574 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. DEALERS IN PAWNBROKERS HIGH-CLASS FORFEITED PROPERTY, COMPRISING: GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, JEWELLERY, DIAMONDS, PLATE. ANTIQUES, Ac. HIGH-CLASS GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHERS ON THE IMPROVED HIRE SYSTEM OR DISCOUNT FOR PROMPT CASH. IMMENSE STOCK OF GENUINE SECONDHAND PIANOS AND ORGANS BY ALL LEADING MAKERS. At Special Low Prices. MURRAY AND CO's. (ONLY PLACE OF BUSINESS) THE MONARCH FURNISHING ARCADE, 57, BRUNSWICK—ROAD. LIVKRPOOL.

UPRIGHT COTTAGH PIANOFORTE, by that best makers BRARD (cost when new 65 guineas) 219 1 extraordinary offer. Magnificent 7s. OD. Upright Cottage Piano, by that re- ITnowned maker RRARD. Full trichord, double repeat check action, full compass, ivory keys to. ; rich powerfu tone and all this famous makers T-enrovernents. In very handsome solid rosewood case (o.nel trout) fitted with massive pair of candlebrases. A borinfide written warranty for 30 years satisfaction, tuned. repoashed and delivered free Murray's cash offer £l9 17s 6d. The Moaarch Furnishing Arcade, 57, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, by HENRY LEVI AND Co., MANCHESTER, cost original owner 6k guinf-as, 22 19s . •6.. sacrifice). giis3er V Superiorelbi Hand Mwaet known maker, splendidly jewelled with costly Rubies, full Chronometer Balance fully capped and all improvements. A most accurate and reliable timekeeper, in, extra Heavy Sterling Silver Cases. A stamped guarantee for 25 years. A Bargain atdouble the price.

CEIIPPEINDALE DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, valued at £l2 10s ; 26 11_4s. 6D. (new e Lliuxiteminonthaage)n. Zeeryoheaauntdi: fully inlaid and splendidly upholstered), comprising settee, 2 large chairs and 4 small chairs, in grand order, really a sacrifice. Payments or Cash. 57, Brunswick-road.

LADY'S Diamond and Ruby Engagement RING, cost 555. (rare chance) , Lady G- 's very ahoice Gem RIN 1.45. 9D. set with four real diamonds and three lovely rubies. In solid fine gold, stamped by government; special offer at 1s 9d.

SOLID SATIN WALNUT BEDROOM SUIT (made spedi ally by Liverpool maker) for 25 guineas. 213 17 •D. s, 01(i Satin (only i:l)setwon Walnutmonh ), High- s.BRD- ROOM.. SUITS; wardrobe beautifully carved; fitted with very massive plate glass rnbing mirror, two side mirrors and linen drawer, dressing chest with large-size platella,is swinging mirror (handl ornely bevelled), two large drawers and two small ditto, surmounted with solid brass handles; washstand with massive range marble slab and shaving mirror, with pedestal. towel rail and achairs ; complete ; delivered free.

LADY'S choice GOLD WATCH, valued at 755., 375. 6D.(SrliTtil,lbaedai.:tifurliyrsetn gOr,,lavitsd. cases;Pine GOLD did movement ; fully jewelled; keeping dead gun time ; a written varranty for 20 years. Payments taken.

UPRIGHT ELON GRAND COTTAGE PIANO by De-Wen—t. Cost 55 Ruh-teas. 218 17 (sew in March last),Magnilcent Up. S. OD. right Iron Grand Cottage :Piano- forte, by this well-known maker, Superior Rich Tone, full compass. full trichord, repeating check action, metalic Pin- plate and every known Improvement,Guaranteed Sound and Perfect, in very Handsome Solid Walnut Case, with Marque- terie Panel-surmounted with massive pair of Sconces. Tuned repolished and delivered free, A guarantee for 2.5 years given with it.

(Second-hand from KNOW:)LBY), PULL 549. 6D. SIZIG SOLID BRASS RAIL BRDSTRAD, Wool Bed, Bolster and two Pillows and extra Strong pair of Palliasses. This Grand Lot, no worse than new. Cost Original Owner 51 guineas, Payments t4tiren.

SOLID BRASS KITCHEN HEARTH SUITE, purchased in Manches'er for £6 15s. £3 18 (Unusual offer.) Very Massive all S. 6D. Brass Kitchen Fender; large size Fire Stool and Ash Tidy, only in use a fortnight, Suitable wedding present, worth double.

FAIR of SOLID WALNUT DUCHESS II TABLRS ; eost 10 guineas. 249 6 (a sacrifice). Handsome pair of S. D. Duchesse Tables, very massive Dress- ing Table, with large swinging plate glass mirrors, jewel drawers &c; Wi.sh Stand, with solid marble slab. The pair as perfect as new, can be seen at 57, Brunswick-road.

SOLID WALNUT CEIIFPONIER. by Noted London Maker, cost £22 28 15 (second hand), magnificent piece of furni- S. ture. Solid Walnut Chiffonier, three extra large sized bevelled plate glasses in back, also three tnas,ive plate-glass swinging doors (bevelled), the whole splendidly inlaid and fitted with Celerette, marble slab. Bm., call and see this tempting sacrifice, at The Monarch Furnishing Arcade.

GRAND Presentation MARBLE CLOCK and MARLE HORSES valued at ten guineas. 24 12 (rare chance) very large solid Marble s. 6D. Striking Clock, measuring 20 inch-s in breadth by 20 inches high, splendidly finished movement (14 days). strikes hours and chimes half hours on powerful Cathedral gong, a written warranty for 30 years, together with massive pair of , Bronze Marie Horses, 16 inches high, splendidly naodel'ed. This special lot, only £4 12s 6d.

F. D. MURRAY & FoR HIGH-CLASS SECONDHAND PIANOS „ GENUINR SECONDHAND PARLOUR FURNITURE „ SUPERIOR SECONDHAND BEDROOM FURNITURE „ KITCHEN FURNITURE WATCHES. PLATE. AND JEWELLERY „ BICYCLES. WRINGING MACHINES, BASSINETTES Ate EVERYPHING YOU REQUIRE IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS : THE MONARCH FURNISHING ARCADE, 57, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FREE WHEELS FREE WHEELS BOWN'S AND BEAUMONT'S FREE WHEELS can be fitted to any MACHINE, new or old, within t nty four hours. No Machin, can be claimed to be absolutely up to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy running contrivances. The saving in the laUour of cycling will com- pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of hiving th wheel fitted. Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No, 7056. Makers of the Famou3 " f.U3 CYOLES and Fittings. Patentees and Inventors ot the Ball Bearing as applied to all Cycles throughout the World.

DR. SCOTT'S piLLs. THE SAFES I? MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR SCDTT'S piLLs. CURB HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURB ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. scum, s pILLs. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. Se's pILLs. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead. but insist upon having the right thing. which is wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

PRESERVE YOUR EYR-iIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF' VISION. F. NEUBERE', CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 24. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGT(IN, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTEIPORT.

THE EX A MIN ER . NOVEMBER 10th 1899.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. FR A.NK S UGG, 32, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. • Mention this Advertisement, and FE kNK SrIGG will Supply yoe with Po•tc was for Toir Club use, Free of Charge. - - .. 4 0• -,, Football Hinz" Absolutely Perfect. 9s. 6d ' I 844 '-f , • C,ntre Half Ball 78. 64. _ I '( Junior Leggin) Ball ss. 04.. 1/4----i-- 4 National Ball ia. 11. , lalgrr,gl ,:i'll; liugby Balis Some Prices. Birtuders Is. 61 , 2s„ & 28. 3d. , ir ihi et. ipt '' LEAGUE" All Chrome Water- , ,-- •.. ‘'.., proof Boots, 10s. 64., post tree. ' Spe2`al Club " 7B. 61. ~,,..:-.-•-; rj..if,,-• .Ba, --------• -..-------- • '' Forward' (lace to toe), 98. 6d. -----' '• • --'-'4±-----'--. The Mar 7031" (reliable Boot), 48.9 d. Sum GUARDS (ail Leather) from 100. to 3s. Ild. per pair. SWIR FS (lit all Colours) .. 255., 7.15.. 40s. per dazea. YoUTHS' JERSEYS (in all Colours) Is. 3a. per dozen. KIILCIKERS—Best Serge, Is. 6d. to ss. 64; White Drill Swans- down, is. 44. to 3s 64. Goal Nets. 355. and 435. complete, se used by Britton Sr. season:. Bs;. is lit, to 73. 64. Write for Catalogue..

WOULD - YOU HAVOC SOFT VELVETY 99 a use . r‘C-004Y- "f:i 4 A I,i - ' 1.1 '! Pil - tel . 44,-;0:0,. °Tit t rely , tva ''''.- , remove all ' f-c-ji-k, HOUGHNESS,CHAPS, Czi afr4 TAN, IRFETATION, etc., very shr.o-1 time. 4rd Bott!es M. 1112 E T 14. AM & EON. ot! 0 6 (1.1.r..nnd25.6. cl-TE ',TEN-HA:I4

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD/KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROU AND FREE FROM CAdES. INVALUABLE INFOkfdATION SENT FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A kELMINENT PROFESSOR WRITE AT ONCE TO J. WILLS, & CO., 15, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

AUTUMN SALE. S WEEPING REDUCTIONS. If you wish to buy a Iligh-grade CYCLE at the price of the so-called Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, AND WE WILL SURPRISE YOU. 74, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE PtIANKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

OUR GAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, BEND FOR ILIUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITE D. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., TD.. 695 BOLD STREET, LI VERP 0014. LIVERPOOL.

TO BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS. PEELS, RODS. SCAM ;, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS. PIPES. EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINES MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS, BUN PROVERS, PIPING TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM FREEZERS, &c,, ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOCK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. M. LOVE, 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hlll.

6 6 f• x tk- ,4 ~0 e A 0 1r• ~44 :-. •,',.. i ii 5.11:: r 0 11, r.., lit i ~,--- ,11 AA,. ~.„ I ~., riM-4 _,...„. t 0,.. ! , ~, ‘,... ... ~ ~..1

GEDDES DANDELION COFFES The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Drugselsts, la Canister bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesa;e by J. GEDDES Imp SOB. WARRINGTON/ ESTABLIHAD 1833

THE BELFAST JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l.) lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. NAPKINS, MEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMEN/3' SHIRTS. COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CRIMMINS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE Al ANUFACTCRERS' PRIM ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY, JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE Housr, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW, 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGISAM. HARRYVILIF FACTORY, BALLYXERE. W". B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 6, RAM:LAG/I-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. -- pIANOS By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. PIANOS Prices .Lad Terms to suit all pockets. ORGANS Instruments delivered FREE to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. pIANOS No Bondsmen or Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from 10s. 6d, per month. ORGANS from 58. per month. pIANOS Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. -- ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

BOWLS. BOWLS. BOWLS BOWLING-GREEN BOWLS. JOSEPH DARLINGTON the noted old owl Turner, invites the inspection of his goal selection of Bowls m4de out of toe heat quality dark lignum. vitce, and made strictly to follow the jack. BILLIARD BALLS, &c. GENERAL VIOOD A- ND IVORY TURNER. 12, 14, & 16, SLATE- R-STAEET, LIVERPOOL Established 1826.

OUR FOOTBALL COUPE-FITTON. £5O for 19 correct results ; £25 for 9 correct results (if £5O is not won) ; £2O for next best if neither £so nor ,4-25 is won £lO for next best (if £5O or £25 is won) ; £3 to the sender of the most Coupons. Aggregate Prize An Aggregate Prize of .4.100 will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the *Ws 100 season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the _.so prize will be credited with 4 must be won. points; the ,4.25 prize 3points ; the £2O prize 2 points; and the Lb prize I point. 20 Coupons for SHILLING P. 0.; If in Stamps, 15 are required. EACH OF THE NUMBERS BELOW REPRESENTS A COUPON.

Bach Club is numbered lor 2. Al space provided. If adr sw is intended put X. -NOTE —Don't cut the Coupon into strips, send the complete form. This Competition is run in conjunetiol with the " Jampetition Key," and ot her papers. NAME ADDRESS CONDITIONS. I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in snore ;Inn one free coupon. Enclose Id. stamp for every other coupon used. Oae Shitliog Postal Order must be onetosel if all the coupons on above sheet are used Any number of coupms can be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—No competitor can take more than oae share of t'le £lO prize. 4.—The coupons must be forw4rdei to the six-miner Office Warrington, the envelope to be endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delieered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wednesday's postmark, it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. 5.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Or r (if any), and num- ber of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fee will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tylug, prize money will be divided. 7.—A1l attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the next competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors 9.—The results will appear in the first is,ue following the result of the matches. [IiRSULTS OF OOMPETITI NI AND LIST OF WINNERS. ON PAGE 5.]

SEAL SKIN JACKETS AND FURS DIRECT FROM THE MAN UFACTU GUARANTEED AT LEAST 20 PER CENT, BELOW ANY RETAILERS PRICE. W. CREAMER AND CO. FUR MANUFACTURERS AND SKIN IMPORTERS ARE SHOWING A SUPERB STOCK OF RELIABLE FURS AND SEAL JACKETB IN T B NEWEST STYLES, ALSO A GIGANTIC COLLECTION OF FINE SKINS. ANY GARMENT MADE TO ORDER ON THE PREMISES. 130 SEAL COATS, PRICES FROM 10 GUINEAS. AN ENORMOUS VARIETY OF NECK FURS, MUFFS, &c. 56, BOLD-STREET, LIV6RYOOL,

rn .1_ HOMAS W RIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL Cl OAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ROC'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efirectua ---,----- fIOOPING COUGH cure without interna m—ed,icin--es.------ HOOFING COUGH ----- Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUG H 4s. pe r bott 1 b. Sole 'Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London. ROCHE'S HER EMBROCATION.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION, PARR HALL AND SPECIAL MACHINERY ANNEXE MARCH 3To 24, 1900. ARTS, INVENTIONS, ENGINEERING, MANUFACTURES, TRADES. Prospectus, plans, and application forms may be had of THE SECRETARIES, 75. Bridge-street. Warrington

TIME r.i i o - I RAIL WA 1 NOVE Irl 9ER. FROM W iatticINGTON roisT OFFICE, WARRINGTON. Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28,9 50, 10 20, 11 35 1 25, 2,2 55 5 20. 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a in. ---- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. AS nir and iiiiiiisas-715 831, 1 14. a 3 22. Sun la:3 936 2 5 Showing 511 e, time to which a Let, -5- eau 0 i poet ed 8 55. 5 Steps if reouirea. Birminglioin (1, z:. 5; .--ar. ia2 53. 13 23, 710. 9,50 11 57 witti Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 20, 7 25. Sundays 2 58. i 0 15, a Moudays excepted* 5-0 a.m -Newton-le-At illows I Moncla; s on sr Birmingham (lai.idland)-5 51. 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 14, 5 0 t-45 a.m.-Wigan 6-0 a.m.-Widues, Appleton, Farnworth, Bitten, Penketh 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m B 1 ackburn -529, 5 43, 8 35, 957, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23, Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore 8 50. Sundays 243. 6 0. a.m.-Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch Blaetcpool-b 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 59,12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, a.m. - Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- -6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 43. Sundays 8 43, 3 35 6 0. gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton, and Wools- Bolton- 8 '5, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. Sundays ton 6-15 a.m.-For Town Delivery and Latchford 843 a.m.,5 15,7 57 p.m. 9-0 a.m.-Manchester. Bolton. Oldham, Niacclesfield, Stock - days Car lisle-5 29, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 4 50. Sun- days 335 port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, ourham, and Chester-7 37, 8 17, 95, 10 20, 12 30 a 2 15, 2,23 3 16, 4 22, S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.-London, Southern and South-Western Counties, 57, Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 aMondays excepted. Collins Green-7 5. 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10,12 7.2 35,3 40, 5 15, Central, South Wales and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.-Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, arid the Isle 33 ,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8.43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 13 23, 7 10. 9 50, 11 57 1 25, 25, Ma 5 20, 622,7 20,11 34. Sundays 2 58,10 154 5.11 35.aMondays 10-10 a.m,-Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales, and excepted. bMondays only. Ireland. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 12 25, 220. 3 15, 57,6 4, 7 44, 1014 11-10 a.m.-Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan Scotland, Liverpool, Presect, Southport, Birkenhead, Sundays 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Mlcil4lld)-5,51, 8 46, 953, 11 55,12 20, 1255. 47 Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and 5 0655 , 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Yorkshire Earlesto n-5 45, 7 5,8 5,8 25,925. 10 13,10 20,11,55 12 7,12 11-30 a.m.-Manchester, South-Host Lancashire, South 25 1 55, 2,35 340 3,50 5.15 5,20 6,58, 78. 7 40,9 25, 10,30 Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor i humberland, and Town Delivery Sundays, 1 40 835,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 155 11-30 a.m.-London. S.-Elit..tern. midland and Southern 3,20 5 20, 6 17, 8-0. 948. Sundays 8 48. 2 40, 80. Counties, Crewo, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Frodsbam-7 37. 95 10 23, 1225. 220. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 Foreign 1-25 p.m.-Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury 7,44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 P.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31. 95.12 0 North Wales, London and South 18, 2 15. 4 0 75,80. 89 40, dlO •25, 11 39 Sundays 1-40 p.m.-Liverpool, Southport, Orinskirk, Both, Bristol 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester bSaturdays excepted. B East Lancashire. and Scotland Glasgow-2 37, 529, 956 11 50, 12 25, 2 10, 4 50. 2-0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,gau Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 1 15,3 50, 520 7 17, Bolton 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hoagh Green-7 12, 7 57, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 2-30 p.m.- Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhes.d, Nortlawich, 40, 60, 75, 8.0. 89 40, ate 25, Sunday 90,9 36 Nantwlch and Saniibach 2-45 p.m. -Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Heisby,Widnes, 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Penketh. Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le Sundays 8 56. 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. Willows, Manchester Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 90 3 0 p.m.-Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate 9 52, l 0 49, 12 36, 1 14, 3 38, 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78,1 a 45 and Bewsey 927. Sundays 850, 38, 5 12. aSaturdays only. 3-15 p.m.-Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley3-45 p.m.-St. Helens Liverpool (L. Sc N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, as 32, 75, 8 5, 8 35 25, 11 0, 12?, 12 25,2,4 J 3.40 5 20, 78, 740. 10 30. Sunday 4-0 p.m.-Manchester 35, 5 10, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High 5 La-M.-Liverpool and Chester Level Platform. aMondays excepted. 5-45 p.m.-Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire 5_45 id Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 10 9 Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber 11 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 20,6 17,8 0, 9 'l3. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 850 land Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57; 8 31, 95, 1024, 6-15 p.a. - Town Jeliver-Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.Americit 120, 13, 18, 2 15, 3 37. 40. 5 55, 75. 80, 19 a4O 10 25 - -3 5-L1 p.m.-Preston, West oumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, P.rm ' 11 39. Sundays 9J, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10, 9 18 10 18..10 43 U adaturday 8 only. bexcept laturdays. Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland London kL. AN. W.)-2 588, a 3 a 7 10, 9 50, 11 57,42 0 10-30 p.m -Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra 5 20, 622, 11 34. tc.undays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,bMondays Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.-London, Midlands, South Eastern and South excepted. aMondays only. London (Midlaud)-5 51, 846, 953, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Counties, and Foreign Sundays 11 46 a.m., 5 15 Lett_er_s_and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, p.m. Lvmm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,955 3-46 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 10 49,12 36, 1 14.2 23 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27. 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. Sundays 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSattudays only Manchester (L. at N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 8 25, 8 35. 9 19, 10 40, 10 65, 12 14. 12 25, 115, 2 29, 3 32, 4 26. 5 20, 7•17, 88, EARLESTOWN AND NRWTO N 9 20, 1030. Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 6,7 57, From High Level Platform. HEAD OFFICE ... ... ... ... High-st., Newton Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35. POSTMASTER ... ... ... ... Mr.Janses Jordan 90, 9 58, 1049. 1 14, 2 23,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. 8 50, 38, 8 12. Atte nce. 1 Sundays? to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 6 2,8 ,55, 92, 9 5 The Tele,.raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 10 55 11 6,11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 3 55, 455 5 55, 655 6p za ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. 7 IC, 7 65, 8 13, 855, 9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m, 30, 3 15,5 15, 1 18,8 65 92510 0. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. Middlewich-7 40, 102). 2 55b, 5 358.7 20.bSaturdays only 7-15 p.m., and 8 P.m. Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35, 1 5,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 lb LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m a.m. Newton-le-Willows-7 5, 1 15, 3 32, 356 4 26 5 6, 3 5, a 9 10. 10 20, 10 40 10 55 12 25, 5 20, 7 17. 9. 5 20, 9 20, 10 39, LIST OF DESPATCHES Sunaays 843 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0, 9 54a rims Kenyon. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordln Padgate-7 0,7 55, 82 8 40, 10 28, 11 6120 12 20, 1 40, 350 ary Postage, and with an:extra halfpenny stamp 5 28, 7 10, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 6 15, 935 Ordinary MAILS. I Extra Preston-2 37 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 2 to. 350 Postage. fid. Stamp 4 50, 628 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 237 8 43, 335 - 6 0, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (for Peaketh)-7 i 5, 7 56, 9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 82 20.5, 258. 4 0,5 29, 6 0, 75, 8 0,9 25, a 9 40 810 25, Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 2 39, 8 65, 9 18 aSatardays excepttd .PSaturdays only, cMondaya only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chiuley and Dore Line-8 46, 10 55 1 55, 3 18, 6 55. Sundays 937 a in 6 15, St Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35.9 25,1010, 1055, 11 55 12 , 1225, 2 35 3 40.5 20,6 33,7 8, Saturoays only 7 40,9 25,10 30 Sundays 8 35.8 43.6 0. 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 322, 4 0,56, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36,2 5, 8 55, aSatur ays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0.8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 361 14,2 23, 338, 411, 518, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850:3 B,B 12. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 105, 115,'12 0, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,76, 80, 9 25. ae 40, 81025. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 .39. 18, aSaturday excepted, bSaturclays nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 4 40, 80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0,11 50, 12 25,1 15. 2 10, 3 4, 3 50,4 50, 5 20..6 28,7 17,8 60,9 40,9 55 Suaday,2 37 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Staly bridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales.Preston,St.Heiens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yerkshire. Wigan. All Parts—Genera N ;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES IRE CLEARED IS FOLLOWS :

~.._.,,,-...,-„!T.,,,..„1„.. - i";; . _ , ' For PrO aLI eind --._ , R I'v•rj.--.,--,,-;:i•r'_l-:7_,-.-?-1':-:,'-.2-_,';;;--''''------ - --7,--4-__f'-----' -`-e------L-,:q -4- -L , ,-_-_--,----_,,--_,-- !..- -,1-7.-- : 10 .4/0 Pr= T l'i O. t.------,--4, •-'' ,-- _ .2. Li i 1 '...._ -44W--__-_-;-: . ___;__--•,„... , t,-F-t -7-i---1, 'IP 4'''' ID UAL 'W.-J. f 4 -__-f_._ t. •,...1 , , 'il_.-T- • !" CI , i.. ' A '4, ' 'Tr' :1 -,----e k d---1,-}, ..-::, ',l ' • 9-ii,- : ..... . .A• Pi.r.' i' - 4,' . .S.• -: --'-' --,---- •,t . ' . -• 4 -4 , ,•• -----4,..tt tift.- Ilxf.av, .1 '...1-:,' ift,,,,, • - trill,. ff,,, P.....,:ai !IYIP:-. 16itial.p irtip-3. r,„wi .......„.. 4-* :7-.-I:tX . 444 ...V.,,i • ...I, `o3' ~., __,,,,, _, 15-Vil.i. LTRY&CAIIiir--- __ .._,- .. _-,.--w4...„, .4* .IR-...,,,,, . ..,.....-.,,-. a 4_,.fra4 it, S P I C 5r _ • - '-it3::r; '3.*•A, t, 4.a,..- .4).,;..r.../-4: 4. .e. 41. _. , V:t:..,.., .-t' -,m,,, . ~ , V -,*-- 7K•ii4 i':',., • -14.44.::,.,7,-7:4,*4,...it-;1-i --,--.....,..,- -1 ~ •--•- " ~ •:-.:,,,,0 , ~

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG ...,...hze,noaruciotshweorlwieinse,thr;tnaepne W I surroundedlfnl witha n you press your finger on the inflars.e4.pan it leavea the im- nrosion p if so, under the shin you have poison that clofies all the retnecies you have tried, which. If not extraCted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may five Mended various hospitals and had medical advice, an i peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN culla YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. ,to C. W. ALBERT, 73, PARDINGDoN-sTNEET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER 01NTAIENT AND PIMA load:tie a certain remedy for the sure of Bal Legs house maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Oartsuneles, PAs) lel H and E unions.

.. ' s a wonderful waterproefer for BOOTS & HARES. Sot- Dales' t...us and preserves the leather. PlPasant odour, allows polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. Dubbin Tins sd.. 6d., if- &/6 of Soot Makers Saddler:, Ironmongers, 60c. 'Manufactory Dulwich, London.

g --i , 'f-4::ct,:.,.i•,w,-,,xv-•-•zs .279 s r.,,. moo, r.,ki. ): ,CO: , ,-, ,--.; --...,-,,,m.-,,,4 73 ; ' ''. •.. :::-' '--YZ:',l.' . ' ir •7:-.* -:I ALSAnt ' , i EIi.,4 HAS STOOD THE TEST of MANY YEAII3. Modern Scientific metheds have not discovered any remedy so generally efficacious. The New Treatment of CORSlLlifiption by Open-Air, Rest, and Overfeeding, whilst useful in many cases, does not alone meet the condition of the majority. of patients. Medicine is Required so check the spread of tubercular bacilli, to relieve distressing symptoms, and to aid the healing processes in the lungs. CONOREVE'S 13ALSAMIC ELIXIR has been abundantly proved to produce these effects when regularly and perseveringly taken. ASTHMA FOR _,___, in several varieties: BRONCHITIS, especially in the chronic form: COUGHS, and common COLDS, USR CONGREVE'S ELIXIR: Sold by all Chemists& Patent Medicine Vendors. NOTE. The numerous components of this medicine have never been discovered by chemical analysis. Do not be misled by certain false analyses of the Elixir that have been published by critics. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post free for One Shilling. Smaller Edition, 6d., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.E.

.1111._; GREAT REMEDY, i5Vt, 41. 4116'1. °S 0 • 1' ok,t, yr .4 PILLS FOR GOUT. RIIRUMATISiti SCIATICA, LUMBXGO. The exeruciatinv Plin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effective. All Choriets and Stores at is. ltd. and 2s. 9d per box.

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain ! like._ a strong cup of SYMINGTA'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. 82

BnntEW Pure Darjeelitg Tea, No Blonds or Deleterious Admix- tures. 1/5,1/9,2/2, 3- & 4/- per lb. In 1,5,10 & 20 ib boxes or theqi A 'TRIAL of this PURE TEA will satio'y anon' of its perfeetion. Darjeeling Pure Tea Co., Pure Darjeering. The .2, Coleman-st., London. E.O

CONFECTIGIVE:i'Y TOFFEE! TOFFEE!! TOrFEEIrI Do you sell Confectionery? If se, write by re:urn of po,st for a ssmpl, alui price of MACKINTOSH'S fr.:XTH A CREAM TOFFET. Thylig of all Toffee, Even small sheepers are tiling this toed t at lightning spee, Azicnewle.lged by 'all wttn tare tasted Its delirious flavour to be a real treat, Cont,dtit•nt,o of oil de6CTiPtiOnS ci 101%,,,i, PriCCS for ea-,11 ,riev: Apply 4. MACKINTOSH, Limited, The ToilLe HALIZAX.

FM 1 • uRED ' k '- Erma the flrst dose of Ozerine flts cease. It has cured I'EII:I‘NENTLY the very w .rst cues of Epilepsy when every her r,ne.!y laid failed. Price 4s. 6d. and Ills., Post Free. 'thousand,.cc Tastinwnials. Send for a Free Sample Bottle, and test it. Write to—(Department 7.) I w.WIC3E-ICOLE4, Pharmaceutical Chemist. 25, High Street, Belfast.

. ~,,, -,.. ;...., , ~,,,,.1, .......0,), ~ ...6.5.:,..., • ......., -„, f, 4 , T i ..,.....h.;-'4,11 ...v., • ' ' ' • ""‘" "A'Ar 'M. ' EM AL 11-- 1 QUICIILY CORRECT ALL inn...-.:GuLenrriEs, itruovic ALL onsTr.rcrioxs, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Bozes,l/11: & 2/9 (contamr three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO W1.,1J O.: Co., .111aatifacturert, Dryden St., Nottinzham. l'ltare of I,lltattons. MlttriOUS and trorrhi,‘ _

C L rti,-., p- kx,: -1!•:- ,r- vi .., 5,-,1„:„. ,'-'44 g (15:;;;•.:h ft.: ;Id ''-' .::, i; '.-, ~ '!k- ' *`,`• ' '' 4 C 1 -0,45: V ' I 41k1 LA i ir.;:e CURES BROIN:TCHITIS, ASTHVIIi, iiLUI.III7.4Ik, Gotighs, Golds. sore ninat, Quinsy, • e CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, feCjl.7.llY, Ito. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OP StifiE Joilits, Spralaa.s, .z.z-irr,.rxfa, ta©atias, Wad EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Etanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, r.nd s-ild by all Chemists and Tiedleino Vendor&

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TMTH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be ' PEETH. All contultations .ree. T w EETH. Each patient Informed beforehand the cost TE Elold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Exotfralitornouass Illaixtladeerto by the rrEET H. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallon. weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Ewa.) MANCHESTER .46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a m to 7 p.m. • SATURDAY, 9 a.m to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN....-.........-7, BRIDGE-STREET TU:iSDAY, 2 p.m. WARRINGTON ...............3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNa.I) iY, 2 to 5. RUNCOoN THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH ...... 18, APPLMMARICP T-STREET, FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. ---- SHELPON—FLANIGAN—On Thursday, October 26th, at St. Ann's Church. Warriugton, qeorge Sheldoa to Isabella Flanigan (Ashton-under Lyne.) STRETTLE—ATKIWSuN—OCtubor 28t1,, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John Garnett Stref tie to Margaret Jane Atkinson. BRA.3tIT&LL—BOND—Uctober 28th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, James Bramhall to Annie Bond. ALLEN-QUlNN—October 28th, at the Parish Church, War. rington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, William Allen to Soso Ann Quinn. ROBINSON—KIRKHAm—OctOber 28th, at the Parish Church; Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Charles Robinson to Mice Kirkham. WILLIAMS—WARBURTON—Noyember 2nd at the Parish. Church, WarruNton, by the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, Sidney Williams to Blizabeth Warburton. DEATHS. GRIFFITHS.—October 21tb, at Fothergill-street, Warrington Martha hllen Griffiths, aged 11 years. Coarson.--Octoblr 26th at Erwood-street, Warrington, Thomas Connor. aged 49 years. RlDYARH—October 26th, at Back Church-place, Warrington. Ells a ltdyard, aged 85 years, Smina.—October 29th, at Jamea-sLreet, Warrington. Mary Jane Smith, ag years.

ARS GREEN, Warrington, Opposite Arpley Static) Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. 'WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, ARB LE MASONS, &c„ Mak *a of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monument‘ Tombs, uablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite, Marble, lniStone. Designs and Estimates Free. LET EIiCUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
