===== 0002601_18990804_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUND7AND y RELIABLE PAIRIN'S FURNITURE,

cAsn Pit CREDIT

DELIVERED FREE FOR 15 MILES. 391 AND 411 MERSEY STREET.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDE6 DA DELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholess:a by J., GEDDIN AND SON. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18990804_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLINED 1833

£4,000,000 HAVE NOW BEEN PAID IN RESPECT OF RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, ALL ACCIDENTS, WORKMEN'S ACCIDENTS FIDELITY GUARANTEE, BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, COBNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS required in unrepresented Districts. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street.

Warrington AGENTS : Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate et, fie,eldr• V". RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford ictit ns. Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Tutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER irdbach ruWorth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfield House

No. moo.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON,

SPECIALITY: ENVELOPES 2s. P 11000.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
, . .4: 's k *,64. k 11 , tti; r boy; , .‘ r , 4 ,14,A:‘?„L`4, I.Q:*"X" ."r • • 4'ki. • ti)

FIR /00151-Y, _iluausrir. 4, 1899.

ALL GOODS NOW AT END OF THE SEASON PRICE

, DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY.

THE CHEAPEST AND BI(ST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVER,OOL. _

Best and Quickest Route to—liol;;;1.1, St. Winifride's Pantasaph, Prestatyn and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON

Will Bail from the Prinee'F 1,---uviing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other eircunistauc 3 permitting), as under :

LIVERPOOL to 3,loiTlr :lord Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, two to three hours ashore in 3ne of the prettiest spots in North Wales. *Lung day trips, about ten hours ashore.

From LIVERPOOL From MosTYN *Sat. sth Aug. 9 0 a.m, *Sat, sth Aug. 11 0 a.m. Sat. sth Aug. 6 3 p.m. Sat. sth Aug. 8 0 p.m. Mon. 7th Aug. 9 0a m. Mon. 7th Aug. 130 p.m. Tues. Bth Aug. 9 0 a.m. - Tues. Bth Aug. 2 0 p.m. Wad. 9th Aug. 10 0 a;m. Wed, 9th Aug. 215 p.m, Thu. 10th Aug. 10 0 a.m. Thu. 1 ith Aug. 230 p.m. Fri. 11th Aux, 10 '0 a.m. Fri. 11th Aug. 3 0 p.m. Sat. 12th Aug. 10 0 a.m. eat. 12th Aug. 330 p.m. Single Fare (Deck), 1,. E . ; (Bridge), 25. 6d. Return Fare (Deck), 25. ; Bridge 3s. Tit:ken not transferable, and available for day of issue en.y. Refreshments on board at nuAlerate charges. .offi3es ;., 27, WA.TEIt-51148ET, Liverpool, Telephone, ?334

R. CLAM P & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) Front 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATEEPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. Gs".

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

BY POST I IS. 74d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum is 9d. per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_18990804_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES

DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included) LIVERPOOL to LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR, and MENAI BRIDGE (weather and circumstances permit- ting),sailing from Prince's Landing Stage EVERY DAY at a.m. By the splendid steamer " ST. TUDNO " for above 10-45 places (four hours ashore at Llandudno), due back at, 7-30 p m. a.m. ENTRY SATURDAY, CARNARVON and BACK 9-15 same day. Special Extra Sailings by St. Elvies for above places (long day ashore at Llandudno). due back by St Tudno at 7-30 or at 8-15 p.m. by Snowdon. p.m. EVIIILY SATURDAY and MONDAY AFTERNOON 2-15 by et. Elvies, and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS by Snowdon, to above places, connecting at Llandudno with St. Tudno ; due back 73') p.m. MONDAY MORNINGS from North Wales. Early Steamer (St Elvies), clue I iverpool 10 15 a.m. Reduced Day and eek-end Fares. Special Cheap Half-day tares. For all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTD.. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER-STREET, LIVERVOOL. , Tel. No. 6366.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES! LADIES!

Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complakits, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is , he only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immtdiately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every 3.1 se.

Bend at once etamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of 21.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BR 00K 13 S. 50, Bradgateproad, Catford, Loudon 8.11.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOUR WINE OWS CLEANED

AND . OUT-BUILDINGS LIME WASHED

OR TARRED: J3Y.,THE WARRINGTON

WINDOW-CLEANING CO.,

59, BUTTERMARKET-STREET.

WE 'UNDERTAKE ALL RISKS

TRUSTWORTHY MEN ONLY EMPLOYED.

ESTIMATES FREE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may by arranged TEETH All consultations fres. TEETH. Bach pa .tent informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

TEETH. An also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the al/ of Nitrous Oxide.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (Dwain, BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER.- (.7;i4.1....).7;- 1166)MOSLEY-STREET

L1VERP00L.........

BOLD-STREET

(Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m, to 7 p.m.

KARLESTOWN .-.-••••••••-•••7. aIDGE-STREEr TUESDAY. 2 p. tn.

WARRINGTON ANKEY-STREET. WEDNESDAY, 2 ;o 5.

RUNCORN,.--..............—....31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII.--.-18, APPLE'nARSET-STREET ' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

E. Al. ...A.s H. MIST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER. 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS), Opposite the Terminus Stock'on Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY, MEAT PIHS, POTTED SHRIBIPS.

ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND, 1899.

44 A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 01'03. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER BNLi-LISEL PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HILL-MARKED CASE,i, well finis Led and especially adapted to fit 11 t in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is tinsel to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR A WA.TUEI that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch cmn be ha,! in ALL SIZ IS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUST ANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, WArrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0. MRS.

WALTON'S

TEA ROOMS.

REFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE CHARGES. FE ARNHEAD LAC, PADGATE,

ONE MINUTE'S WALK FROM 'BUS TERMINUS

NOTICE: NEW 'BUS SERVICE.

FARMER'S ARMS, FEA.RNHEAD.

JOSEPH. ROBERTS BEGS to ANNOUNCE that the 'BUSSES running from Central Station to Fearnhead, pass close to the Farmers' Arms.

GOOD BOWLING GREEN, SPLENDID ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS.

Dinners, Teas, etc., provided at any time at reasonable charges.

Visitors are entertained by Request with Edison's latest Phonograph—a treat. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES, and Stout. Wines, Spirits, and cig irs of the Best Quality.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A FIRST-CLASS

PHOTOGRAPH IC STUDIO, ATTENDED TO BY A HIGHLY QUALIFIED

ARTIST.

Every Class of Photo-graphic Work finished in the Best and Most Recent Style. WEDDING AND OTHEiti GIiOUPS ASPECIALITIB.

HEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON,

FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS

OF ALL DESCRIPTiONS.

OPEN EVERY DAY.

KEATING'S PO WDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

ICEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills F,eas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles., Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Kil,s Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILL OF

===== 0002601_18990804_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
CNRIVALLED KILLER OF

UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d., 6d., and Is. Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

WI DOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR F M RMALR CO PLAINTS NI-RS. SMITHERY. Grand-daughter to the Widow 1 Welch, continues to prenare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all F.qnale Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and iscressing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that wnat they purnas- is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only oer,on in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the :sole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & SON' 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau Is' London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in, boxes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemist.

J. WALKER & CO,

COMMERCIAL AND

ARTISTIC PRINTERS.

MODERN METHODS.

LOFI EST PRICES.

MODERN PLANT.

QUICK DESPATCH,.

AND GOOD PRINTING.

EXA!sIiNER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e r

===== 0002601_18990804_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ ' ,

===== 0002601_18990804_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
2 McDOUGAL PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS USED.

LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAR NELLIE,

Amongst the dresses of a friend of mine is a grass lawn gown of open texture, made up over a batiste skirt, both bling in the natural, undyed tint. The small frills round the skirt prevent it from clinging in to the wearer's heels, as it might otherwise do. Each frill is bordered with narrow black velvet, and the scallops up the front or the bodice have a similar binding, opening over a vest of folded lace like that which forms the yoke. The latter is bounded on every side with bands of finely tucked muslin. Another lady I know has a white silk dress emb:eidered in black on bodice and skirt, and made up over frilis of the same, each bordered with a trimming of black lace in- serted.

My opinion is that large shady hats, plentifully trimmed with flowers, and bonnets are likely to be the fashion, as more countrified than toques. Feather are little used, and 80Me of the poke bonnets have no crown at all, leaving the coils of hair on the top of the head visible; others have curtains of lace falling over the brim all round, and these are tied with tulle or lace strings. But whatever be on hats, and no matter what the material of the dress, I must impress on you the fact to bear in mind the mike must be of studied simplicity, with nothing to break the lines of the figure.

I cannot help but notice the prevalence of open. necked dresses out of doors in the daytime. Crystal buttons arc being much employed on thin cloth and muslin dresses, and very pretty they look. A dress a friend had just come home from the dressmakers was in pink-flowered linon de soie, with a row of fine elear crystal buttons, the size of a sixpence, sloping from either shoulder, curving in at the waist and out again to the hem of the skirt. A pretty front of yellow guipure occupied the space between the rows of buttons, whilst the tight sleeves were slashed up the outside of the arm, fastening with the buttons and corded loops, leaving the arm visible. Another pretty toilette was being worn by her companion. It was made almost entirely of fringe, the small tight-fitting upper tunic being of lace, irom which hung a deep-shaped flounce of knotted and corded white silk fringe, slightly caught up on one side by a bunch of moss roses ; the plain lace bodice had a deep collar and revers of the fringe, and round the waist was a narrow waistband ot pink panne, with a knob of rosebuds at the side.

Many dressmakers are now engaged in making the last effert of what has been a remarlesbly brilliant dressy ceaeon, and you may expect to find that lovely dresses whl be forthcoming till the autumn fashione arrive. The majority of the frocks show great ..impiicity. MII3IIIIB and mous- echoes de sow, cle Je chine, lace, aud tatfatas i lead, and there s ae exquisite new material which resembles that structure resulting from spun glass. Foulard receivee is dee measure of attention. Haud-ombrold, red robes are being prepared to a great extent, and vary be.autiful they look. Oue I saw in pale blue mousseline scattered with sprays of forget-me-nota aud feathery white flowers, each spray seemingly tied together with a bow of appliqué lace :need ion. A promieent feature of travelling,, yachting and seaside dresses is the quantity of sietcnin lavished on the costumes, geeerally in straight lines, but sometimes in little curves or trefoils. In all the newest gowns the shape of the shoulders and of the •tops of tho arms l 3 accurately defined, the excep- tions being those landicem on which epaulettes or ridges of tucks or stitching interrupt the outline. Sleeves are as tight as ever. E?oow sleeves have come in with trio heat, but the long gloves that have to be worn with them are even hotter than length of sleeve. The bridesmaids at a great Wedding I was at solved the ditfieuity by wearing lace sleeves transparent irons shoulder to elbow, there frilled with biee, and gieves of only eight. button length, which Idt the pretty rounded elbows uncovered, and consequently cool in the crowded church. Probably the coolest gown of all i is one n thin homespun, or foule, lined with -muslin of a light make, and of a mushroom tint, like that of the fettle. A little white should be introduced for cooloes9 ot effect, as in bands of stitched linen, or batiste, round the skirt, and a white vest or chemisette should be in muslin, or striped gauze, one of the coolest of dress fabrics.

Your loving J NNNI,II.

THY:: MOST NUTRITIOUS.

{ ----r -., .....kl7;•;'''.f.s.• Zt-- .- .....__,.... ‘,... if 'D. _ ~..__. „,„ // n-,..e, , • --,,. 1 .• ' , ''' / "'" • ..) j ) /f// '''••';'!'"V:; , 7/ '• '2/%' ''-'s.t's V,/ / / ' ‘,•!' " ' '/; . ':// '/' . Z-•••• . /,' / '•••,:::_-. ' /AV '', e „''.• r:' '; ' i'll/i'• •••7••••\ /-11;,,' /, , • //. \i‘ 0 07, lifAt V ',/e, 5. . ' ' 1 L //,,o / , ; \\, 1 . I .

---.-----;Nt ( -; ...t . L.,,,,,,,,•,,,-%.'1:;-!tnV.;22, Itt,. t,j;.,,--,:•,:,;11, .A.; :!ir-,-;?z,lr. -43 • r....2.3,,,,,,,,,,*,L ~s :F.; ,„, . •,e, it: ' e-,, -A • ~s? f•l7'o, __,,,, , , , .., . .... ... ,„ • _ • _ , A,,_ 5.. z,.. ...„,. :,-- • , _ _.

1%• 1.61:.'1).1(7,I1/\ ‘'l''';'..i,it*7.../.1-'...4..;.1/.'' . • /1 - ~, • -.- . t. • . . ' t...:.\ I/7'41 i ..;,/,...); , Illiiiri • . - ... . V/1";1\ I'lo 1 '....• "j'.`-• :::::;-"-- ..: I.'',/''.l,//i, r'll ----'ii I'. -. I --':.:"------=-----:ibi,',.,'if : 'ft.— • l'i 1., ' . 1,,,t., , ~4.. 9 1. fi i • 0 ii,,

===== 0002601_18990804_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
„az Ffrezz 47-71-43,A at; -34 g E a. :„,

C..P.ATZFUL.-COMFOR7!!:::;.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
tr!,•A, Ic6 ".. J, 7 4

eRr:IiesFAST AND SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Empress Eug6 te tsas I..eiy much improved in heatth to the great delight of her small card e of friends, in which, first and foremost, our Queen has ever stood. And that Her Majesty has always recognised the widowed ex-Ensprtss as in v ry respect her equal, is a fa.;t well- known to all. Even in the trite announcements of royalty's daily walks and drives. the Queen has always made this apparent to the world. For instance when the Empress has visited Her Majrsty, the armouncetnt-nt of the daily drive has never been wordel " The Queen drove out accompanied by the Empress Eugeaie," but 1' The Queen and tte Empress Eugene drove out "the wording implying equality of rank,and station, as it was intended to do.

There is a pretty story of a visit to Paris of the ex- Empress, when heavily veiled, and in strict incognito, she entered the shop of a florist: A humble bouquetiere qu ckly ?cognised her, and offered her Majesty a bunch of violets (the emblem, as all the world knows of the Bonapartists) at the same time remarking, " Their fragrance never dies Madame." A similar comment might be made concerning that splendid chapter in the history of Scotland, which was oommeraerated the other day by the ihauguration at Inverness of the, Flare Macdonald statue. The story of this heroine's devotion to Prince Charles is too well known for reentiti ee here, but the best of it all is that Fora Maccleneld was by no means alone in her conspicuous loyalty. From April to September, Clinics was a wanderer in Scotland, with a reward of £30,000 offered for hie capture, yet he was not betrayed, although his secret was entrusted to several eundreds of peop,e, many of them poor. The Duchess of Sutherland has devoted the best part of her time to philanthropic enterprises of late, and stands somewhat in need of a well earned rest. Thie she will take, and then will commence a 6UCCE•S;iOEI of parties at Dunrobin. The Duchess is devoted to her family, and the circle of guests in Scotland of tin takes the farm of a home party, the " outAders " heieg generally intunate friends, or some of th.ese brilliant lights in statesman- ship and literature, who seem unconsciously drawn into the erbit of the Duchess. Duarobin is a typical Dighland Castle, built in the Scetch style of architee,,ure, and situated on the woody heights of a rocky cliff. The sea surrounds, and terminates the prespect, of which it is the greatest and grandest feature. Fifre.-12 years have posted since the Duch,se of Sutherland appeared at the altar a lovely, g;r!ish bride, but she is still as sue was then, one of the most beautiful women of her day. Londen,er rather that portion of the gr at city eatren- ised by the leisured psrt of the community, is now a howling wildernese. For some time, fv_c:ety will be busy abroad recruiting, then will come ceuntry house visits and autumn gasetits. Bond-street is almost de- serted, save for the few, who passing through town, en route for somewhere, e.ze the opportunity to secure a few items forgotten or overlooked, in the hustle of de- parture. Visitors to London are frequently heard to exclaim on walking down Bond-street for the first time, at the unostentatious aspect of this—the most tanbioß- able thoroughfare in the world. They cannet under- stand that a simple, neat little shop, with perchance a few hats, or a neat tailor-made ce.tume er two, can be all the outward show of an establishment that clt thes Queens and Empresses. Yet such is the case. And nothing is ever marked. Quality and style come first in Bond-street. Price afterwards.

It is well known that society women have many opportunities of timing honest pennies, which are denied to the majority of those who stand without the circle of the elect. For instance the paid chaperon is quite a feature of "smart" society in these days. For a certain consideration she will "see after" a girl, and ensure her a good time during her stay in town, in the country, or abrcad, as the case may be. In the matter of daughters of nouveaux riches for whom there is occa- sionally great diffieuay in getting a card, this scrnetimee runs well into tour figures. Many women there are too, who keep house on an infinitesimal sum the explanation being that wines,and many more such expensive luxuries, are supplied, free of charge, by big firms, in return for custom iutreduced by them. Others, are not at all above accepting a compliment- ary bonnet of the very latest and most chic style in re- tuna for their wbisrered commendation of the milliner's extraordinary ability. Further, the lady caretaker is yet another product of an enterprisivg age. A furnished house in town, at the eeaside.or on the moors is empty. This is offered bet- delicately, by the auctioneer, rent free on the understanding that she will do her best to let it advantageously. Impecunious titled people often gat an inexpoisive holiday nowadays in this particular way. Moeller over silk ii enjoying a wide vogue, and is a delightful mode when made with provisioa for a separa- tion of fabrics when cleaning becomes neeesssee. Many women object to this plan on the mire that Pleb frocks never set really well. As a matter of fact, if properly cut and built, and a eti,ch intreouced here and there, to recure the position of unready portions, the effect should leava nothing to be desirad. Lace insertions are immensely • used to trim blouses of the lighter and more airy tissues. The solid collar band swathed in ribbon, and fiuithing in a rather cumbrous way at the back ef the. neck' gives pace to a band of insertion, backed with net, and fastening wit invisible hooks and eyes. To this make of collar, the pe-arl neck- lace gives a valuable finish. in4eed it is n ma

===== 0002601_18990804_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
....40454.401/414.44.0,4.**04Y4,4%4 4104-ed‘offrffrit,44 STARCHING A PLEASUna: THE NEW STARCH. 'X-X) PA `41..

===== 0002601_18990804_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
t 9,tosgex Toxch 1 ; e . 01

Reqtdres no glaze. May be tised with hot or cold water. Saves time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist for it. ,$) SOLD IN PACKETS, ld. and 44.mAximcrunERS

'l'Ll or.G cc,., • ,Prince's BuildingkEdimlame, LIVERPOOL.A.k your Grocer for sample pat ket4l o•••••••••••••••••••4:4a4 a4-4.x>4).1, 4

immensely worn, that its absence gives almost an undressed look. Seldom has a fashion so easy of tawdry imitation had 60 long a life. Transparent yok-s and sleeves are less en evidence despite the continued h t weather. This state ot affAirs Is probably due Co the fact that we have found the mode not only an unpleasantly warm one, but di&figuring juts the bargain. At a r c,nt ball, it was easy to recognise those girls and women in favour ot transparent ytkes and sleeves for street wear, and the brown, freckled, or red arms, chestsgand necks, were anything but tascinat- ing. Sun browning is most becomiag to a man in even- ing dress, tut not so a woman.

Rotbing is the tAst remedy for the tired body,an even sco:hing and quiet rubbing, while the patient muss be tkorougt,ly at zest and raft allowed to ta.k. By the brain-weary women, and there are many such in this work-a-day world, a few shillings are well spent if they cannot sleep, in this mode of gaining rest. The arms, the back,uuder the knemand the forehead are the parts to be operated upon. The movements should be even, and *haul,' suggest Wrength, but never rough, or excite- ment will be the result.

" &lADGE."

(Copyright.) THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE:

A ROMANCE OF BRITISH COLUMBIA

BT. HIIME,_ NISBET,

Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Kunting for Gold, "The Swarupers," eze.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Sir Lewis Eastlake, twenty-four years of age, is introduced to the reader, as he is "going the pace," at a London gambling club. There, in company with a -friend, Captain Eric St. Arnoul, he gets into an altercation, which results in a duel, at Cherbourg. His opponent is killed in this. He has a strong sentimental friendship with the Duchess of Valerie, at Genoa,a widow lady, in the prime of her beauty, who, in affection for him, backs the financier, who lends him money. Captain St. arnoul, his com- panion, who is a cousin of the Duchess, informs her that Sir Lewis had been injured in the duel, and in view of the other man's death, it is thought prudent he should be removed from Cherbourg. The Duchess hears that he is in charge of a Cherbourg doctor, who is an old friend, and his sister, who is a nurse. She fears that he may be arrested, and, arranges with the Captain for him to be taken by the nurse to her seat at Fataise, and she follows on afterwards. The Duchess finds, to her regret, on her arrival at Falaise, that the nurse "Hope" is young and good-looking, and a friend of Sir Lewis from childhood. After Hope has left he tells the Duchess that he and Hope had been engaged for years, and that before the, duel they Ncere married privately.

CHAPTER VII. IN DAWSON CITY.

It was nearly the end of February, in Dawson City, Yukon District, and the inhabitants were in a high state of jubilation. This was not on account of a new gold region being discovered in the Yukon Valley. Discoveries of this kind were too commonplace to raise the city to this pitch of excitement and joy. It was because an enterprising ex-cowboy 'speculator from Texas had succeeded in making the winter trail from Wrangel on the Stikine River, and so brought relief to the well-nigh starved out community. Bill Sykes was the cognomen of this ex-cowboy, when in society and on his dignity; linify Jerk, amongst his free and noble companions of the lariat and the revolver, because of the masterly style in which In could jerk or pitch his knife into a man twenty prds distant. "Jerk," his bosom friends called him for short.

He had been the special pride of the ranche for years past, always ready to head a playful expedi- tion against the Apaches, or in a raid on some of their peace-loving neighbours. Riding like demons through the streets of the nearest village, emptying their revolvers right and left as they rode along, with a fine disregard for life; wrecking drinking saloons, torturing tender-feet and doing the count- less' other free and chivalrous deeds which tile gallant American cowboys are so conceited about doing, and which make them such a respected and dearly-loved section of the glorious West. In pre- paring for such little outings Bill always provided himself with a lavish supply of sharp-pointed knives and never grudged giving them away, hence his picturesque sub-title. Although his companions were one and all proud of him and his high-spirited exuberance, Bill had found it necessary to shift his camp and seek pastures fresh after an epoch-making career down south.. At this time the Klondike fever had seized upon him. Promptly borrowing some gold-dust from a successful mining stranger, whom he chanced to meet on the trail as he was riding for his life, he started north. The marshal and his men found the corpse of the miner hours after- wards, with one of Bill's tell-tale knives in his back, but the gay cowboy was beyond capture by that time.

If the absence of "Jerk" was regretted down Texas way his timely arrival in Dawson City was hailed with the wildest delight. He had laid out that borrowed gold-dust in provisions Evid cattle, carried the cattle along as far as he could, and afterwards hired reindeer sledges and Indians, and brought his store intact up to the Yukon. . He was the hero of The hour, and likely to be one of the wealthiest 'Men in the city; besides, what he traded in was worth practically whatever he liked to ask for it. _.

had maae a rasnion tor nimseit in the shape and trimming of his furs and skins. The mounted police were the most uniform, but as for the others, they had all sorts of tags, tails and adornments hanging to their leggings and wide-sleeved coats. The only person present whom Madge was not intimately acquainted with was the new arrival, "Jerk," therefore, woman-like, she was inclined to devote her attentions exclusively to him. Forms and rough-hewn benches ranged along the massive plank wall. In the centre of the mud- baked floor stood a covered stove, which gave out a great heat for a few feet. Over the inner door hung a heavy bear-skin to keep out the keen air. There were two doors, with a small passage between, and both the inner and the outer doors were protected by these warm hangings of skin. There was no other ventilation to this room except the door, nor was any other required, for, as cus- tomers entered and swung aside the furs, they brought sufficient frigidity with them to freeze the beards of those standing nearest the exit. Windows were only used in summer in Dawson City. 'ln the winter they were hermetically sealed and shuttered. It was a long night of months, so that none expected windows to be unshuttered. Outside in the moonlight the dry icy wind was blowing a hurricane. That moon had been with them from its crescent stage until now at its waning. It would not quit the sky until it was blanked out. Dawson citizens had grown used to these extraor- dinary phenomena of Nature—the moon that circled round and round the snow-clad earth, through that long night, and the one stretched out day of sunlight. They became used to the deadly bite of the winter air, and almost used to the ferocious bitings of the tiger mosquitoes in summer. Bill Sykes as a good-looking and dashing fellow, after the stage villain and Buffalo Bill type, with long tresses and massive moustache. His eyes were small and black, his jaws firm and square, his figure tall, gaunt, but strong as if wrought from steel. In costume also he was the most picturesque figure in the room. Indeed, one glance was enough to mark him out as cowboy from top to heel, by anyone who had seen the ideal cowboy on exhibition. Madge had seen Buffalo Bill and his merry men in their gallant show, she had also read a great deal about the aristocratic parentage and heroism of the cowboy, and at once lumped to the conclusion that she had a disguised nobleman at her counter; a nobleman under a cloud, of course, for he would not be a cowboy unless he had been forced to abandon his title and estate; yet, despite all his early faults, one who had won the highest honours at Oxford and was quite able to correct any American professor of Greek or Latin, as all cowboys are described in romances to be. Filled with girlish admiration for this romantic and noble order of ,beings, she resolved to question this present specimen directly and bravely. Her chance came. He was regarding her with admiring looks when she suddenly started upon him, with a seductive smile. "You're a cowboy, I know, sir." "I was. But how can you tell, missy ? " "By instinct. I knew you were one the moment I set eyes on you." _ _ _ _

"Will, that is a fine instinct," he said, fixing his small but bold black eyes full on her. "And what else can you tell about me ? "

"That you are of blood royal—perhaps a prince. Eh ? "

I "Not exactly; no, not nearly so high up in the peerage, miss. "A. duke, then, or the heir-presumptive to a duke ? "

"Not quite that either," he replied, twirling his moustache.

The miners, driven-by cold and hunger into the city, were pretty well at the mercy of this Texan bravado. They had devoured all the tinned meat and salted pork; beans and flour were only to be had now by the very successful. They had whiskey, gin, and rum, or, at least, the raw spirits that Had been christened those names, at little more than summer prices. Tobacch had risen to six times its former rates. The Indians who hung about the settlement were still able to bring in some fish from the larger frozen rivers and creeks by keeping blow-holes open. But' this was not a dependable supply, and fish, without any other kitchen, even Klondike salmon, became nauseating food when taken constantly. Stomachs yearned with an unutterable yearning for a change of diet, as well as a greater supply of food. Then, when they took delirium tremens in Dawson City, they saw animated beef-steaks and agile Irish stews dangling in front of them and eluding their grasp, instead of snakes and varied- coloured imps. Women had their love visions and tender haunting memories, but those visions and memories were about former breakfasts, dinners, and suppers, no longer about men. They had come, both men and women, to seek for gold, and they had found it in such quantities that they could not have believed had they been told of it. Those lucky enough to possess claims were the leaders of society now, and did not mind paying whatever was asked, since their prospects were unlimited. _ _ _

"An earl, at least ? " "I might have been, had my father been one, but unfortunately he wasn't." "Then you are a lord, surely?" "Wall, no, I ain't." "Oh, say that you are at least a baronet or an honourable," cried the maiden in great distress. "I shall if it will ease your mind any, miss, but I doubt if it would be quite Gospel truth." "But you can talk Greek and Latin and all the other dead languages better than any professor? All cowboys can do that, surely ? " "Wall, I don't know that I ever did hear any cowboy do it. Yet we are all pretty fair at language sometimes, particularly when we are raged. She laughed at this reply, for she thought he was only teasing her, all the better to keep up his incognito. "You are very cute, but I know two things about you 'that you cannot deny." "Yes ? "

"That you come from England; and did some- thing before you left home. Also that Jerk' isn't your real name. There, now; what can you say to that ? " 'Yes, you are on the correct track at last, missy; I am originally from England, and I did something afore I left. Likewise, Jerk' isn't my baptismal or family name. Does that please you?" "Oh, yes. • Now, do tell me your real name, and I'll soon spot your title, for I've got an old Burke's Peerage' in my box, and I make a study of the nobility of England." He regarded her with a puzzled expression for a moment, then he answered gravely: "Wall, missy, my real bond-fide name is Sykes. Bill, or William, Sykes. Sykes with the 'to it." Madge regarded him angrily. Would he never stop chaffing her? At this moment Corporal Drum, of the mounted police, who had been standing close by listening to this conversation, chipped in and asked: "Sykes, with the y. Ah ; may I ask if you're one of the Blankshire Sykes's ? I knew one of that lot once."

Corporal Drum also had a weakness, like Madge, for the aristocracy of the home country. He was fond of tracing his own forefathers back to the Drums of Bumbledown. He had seen the Queen, and once visited a West End club; since then he had kept himself posted up on the old families. The ex-cowboy regarded his questioner luridly, while he played with his knife. He did not under- stand the drift of these queries. He began to suspect a trap, and was growing dangerous in con- sequence. Yet he replied sedately enough, all the while grasping his knife. "No, I ain't one of the Blankshire Sykes with the blank—blank y.' My family came from Wapping way, London, East. Any more questions,*pard ? "

Those who were nct so lucky, still had made small piles during the summer by working for wages, and were ready !o spend what they had earned, in order to be kept alive during the next three months: They could always get work,' winter or summer, at twenty dollars a day when they liked to work. _ _ _

Grub, not gold, had been the serious considera- tion of the past months, and now that this Texan adventurer had brought the one thing needful to the small city, he was feted, humoured and adored. They stood him drinks, even beyond his renowned capacity of thirst, and presented him with handfuls of nuggets. Women, old, middle-aged and young, smiled upon him as the Royal Duke of Edinburgh was smiled upon by the fair sex of Australia during his first visit to the Antipodes. It was enough to turn the head of any man, this open cupboard adoration, but it did not turn the level brains of Texas Jerk. He had come to Klon- dike to do a stroke of business, and he meant to do it. He acceptei the drinks, nuggets and sugary smiles with calm dignity, as his clue for undergoing the hardships of that winter journey in order to succour Dawson City, but he wasn't going to part with a single pound of frozen beef or flour without its full equivalent. He was a trader, not a soft- 'headed philanthropist. Having packed his stock in one of the empty stores placed at his disposal, he was now regaling himself at the bar of one of the most fashionable saloons. He had emptied an appalling number of glasses since his arrival, even in the eyes of the Dawson City soakers, but without apparent effect upon him. He was as calm, collected, and as pronounced in his nasal drawling accent as ever. Laconic in his replies to those who inquired about his a?ve.itures by the way, he could not be charged with bei ig a boaster. litr this reticence the men were disposed to like him. He was drinking at present. with a half-dozen of the mounted police who had dropped into the saloon. They were all fine, strong, hardy men, as, indeed, were the majority of the company present. Only the strong men had survived the winter, the weaklings had gone under. Madge Bowman, the daughter of the landlord, acted as bar-keeper. She was a Canadiari girl, who had been born and brought up amongst the severe snows of Upper Canada, and, therefore, thought but little of a temperature of sitxy-four degrees below zero outside. The saloon was well heated, at least sufficiently heated to feel almost too hot for those fur-clad loungers. Madge was a good-looking buxom girl, who was in the happy condition of being engaged to one of the most successful diggers. She, therefore, could spend her smiles and glances without being mis- understood by those who received them. Her lover, a young stalwart fellow of about twenty-six, was at present making himseif useful in washing glasses and obeying orders for fresh drinks. Madge measured out the quantity, while he handed the drinks round. There was nothing decorative about this saloon except, perhaps, rosy-cheeked Madge herself, and the picturesque costume of the visitors. Each one

CHAPTER VIII. BILL SYKES -GOES ON TIIE TRAIL.

It was an awkward and momentous crisis for the company to face, the pause that ensued after Jerk put that polite query to Corporal Drum. When men become soft-voiced and gently polite on Western ranches or Canadian diggings it is wisdom to keep a sharp eye on their hands. Not many present but knew; even Madge understood what kind of music was most likely about to begin, when Bill Sykes swung round so as to face this peerage-adoring policeman, and put both his hands negligently behind his back. The humorous smile that curled his thin lips deceived no one. Those mirthful sparkles that suddenly lit up, and seemed to make those Indian-like eyes grow larger and more devilish than before, might well have given the bravest of men serious' thought. Bill Wag' measuring his male questioner and try- ing to hold in his untamed passions, for he still remembered that he was on Canadian soil. On Texan ground he would not have waited one-quarter the time for the reply. "Any more questions about my family, pard ? " he repeated with a more ingratiating and oily sweetness than before. "I'll be most happy to oblige you, or any other boss present who may wish to play his little jest on this cove." Corporal Drum looked grieved that his friendly inquiry should be met in this spirit. He was a brave fellow who had faced death too often to know what fear was, and in spite of that little weakness of his, was greatly respected amongst his comrades and the camp in general. He knew that no one present would dare to accuse him of cowardice, whatever he did now. He had no desire to offend or quarrel with this inte- resting stranger. Therefore, he quietly placed both his hands on the bar counter, where they could be seen by Bill to be empty, and was just about to begin an elaborate explanation, which would have made matters ten times worse, when Madge came to the rescue.

"Don't be so touchy, boys. It was all my blame beginning such a foolish conversation." Bill gallantly turned to her and swept his fur cap off his head. "Don't mention it, my dear. A gal has privilege to ask what she blamed well wants from a man. But "—he turned once more to the corporal—"when a man, as I take you to be, pard, gets too curious, I like to satisfy him, if I can." "Look here, you blethering dunderskul!" shouted one of Drum's comrades, pushing the corporal on one side, and taking his place. What the mischief do you mean trotting out your old country dead- heads before a stranger, and disgracing your mates in this fashion? Excuse the corporal, chummy. Tie's one of the best we have for work, but he's a

THE FX ANENEP, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899

Pit soft--like maage, there, vn aristocrats, lie did not mean any harm." "Ah ; thought I was a bloated aristocrat, did he?" said Bill with a grin, recovering his good humour. "Wall, I aint ; nor am 1 vexea now that I know he wasn't trying to play possums. We do that to' tenderfeet' down Texas way, but I guess I've vaccinated long ago." Concord was once more restored, glasses were replenished, and the hours slipped past pleasantly. The next few days, if they could be called days, where so much darkness reigned, Bill Sykes did a profitable business, and at the end found himself richer than even he had calculated upon being when he first came in. He had supplied the city with what it lacked. He had also earned the gratitude of the citizens by bringing the first letters which they had received for the past six months; and although the postage had been more than ten times their weight in gold, still the news-famished diggers considered them dirt cheap at the price. Bill did not charge for delivering those precious epistles ; the receivers, however, insisted on plankng down their nuggets in exchange, and William per- mitted them to have their way. Through this gratuitous postal traffic he cleared enough to make him consider seriously upon becoming overland postman. A number of the letters, however, were still on his hands unclaimed. Some of the owners were absent on their distant claims, other owners lay under the snows, beyond all need for further earthly tidings. That is, their starved and frozen bodies lay under the heavy snow heaps, while their spirits may have known all that they cared to know about the writers. "Do you know anything about a party called Eastlake—Lewis Eastlake ? " Bill asked the in- spector of the district. "For I have several letters for him, and also messages from his friends." "Yes," replied the inspector. "He came here last summer, to examine several claims, that had been sold in London. These didn't seem to be much good, however, at this time, and looked panned-out; in fact, they looked pretty well cleared by the original owners before they vended them. But since then they have struck a deeper and a richer level, with splendid results. This Eastlake was greatly disappointed with what he saw, and went off with another man, by name Jack, Wade, to the Fort Norman direction to prospect, and as yet have given no report of themselves."

"Ah, I want to find Lewis Eastlake, for he has been recommended to me very highly, so I guess I'll take a turn up the same trail with some stores and seek for him. What sort is he ? " "As fine a fellow as ever came to the Yukon. Ile don't know much about digging, or be wouldn't have left this quarter so quickly; but his partner does, therefore I hope if they survive the cold to hear something good about them." Dawson City was not a beautiful town, composed as it was of rough slab huts. In the summer time it appeared at its worst, for then there were no snow and icicles to adorn the roof angles. The huts were bare, inside and out, being put up in haste and for shelter only. The time had not yet arrived for either men or women to dream about settling clown in Dawson City. They were only stopping long enough to make their pile, so that any cover served which would keep them warm. The utmost that was done in the matter of decora- tion was to stick up cuttings from the illustrated papers, or photographs of absent friends. Yet some of the unlucky ones might just as well have thought about settling down. Some had been long enough in this locality to be confirmed Sion- dikers. They had got so itsed to the fierce winter and the relentless mosquitoes that they could not have been happy anywhere else ; a more temperate climate now would make them uncomfortable, while some- thing would seem wanting if the buzz of the blood- suckers no longer sounded in their ears. When they had made up their minds long ago that the utmost which they could expect from Dame For- tune were grub stakes, and they had abandoned all idea of ever leaving the Yukon. When a digger has been ten or twenty years on the job without making his pile he generally accepts his destiny; the big prizes are not for his kind, and he becomes satisfied if he can make enough to carry him along year in and year out. There are, of course, many of this kind about every goldfield. They are thoroughly experienced miners, and know all about the practical part of their work, but they just manage to miss fortune, in spite of their skill, and through no fault of theirs. The hole they fix on may be only a few inches from the rich one, or they come too late or leave off too soon. It is their luck, they say, and no man can alter that.

In the winter time Dawson City is certainly more picturesque than in the warm weather. With three or four feet of snow covering all blemishes and resting on the roofs, it looks as if swaddled in well-bleached blankets. It is a dependable winter here; there is no uncomfortable thawing of that dry and powdery snow, so that it is not difficult to get about with snow-shoes or sledges. The rivers are, perhaps, the roughest and most rugged of the tracks, with the ice which has been forced upwards in hummocks. Overhead the star-filled sky bends, seldom completely dark since the Aurora. Borealis plays pretty constantly when the moon is not shin- ing. A grim kind of chilly dawning also marks off the twenty-four hours for a short interval. The population of Dawson City numbered at this time between six and seven thousand souls. Circle City had emptied its two thousand inhabitants into the more popular town' and all the lil ely ground for miles round had been taken up. Newcomers were compelled either to work for wages or else go out prospecting in wide districts. The Yukon,. however, was big enough to accom- . _

modate many times the number-of ad;;enturers that were already here, and as Circle City had been well stocked at the beginning of winter, starvation cases had been very few, and now that Bill Sykes had brought in a fresh supply they were not. likely to suffer great privation before the next season opened. Those who had spent all their gold-dust were trusted, as they pledged themselves to work off their debts. Those who possessed claims believed too much in them to part for any present offer. Bill Sykes had come, like most of the others, believing that there was gold to be got here, yet hardly swallowing all the tall rumours that had been floating about the States. But when he beheld the actual condition of things —the jam-pots, jars and bags of gold-dust and nuggets—they made him wild to think he had stayed away so long. There it was en evidence everywhere. In the dancing and drinking saloons he saw men and women pitching the stuff about with a reckless prodigality that put Texas and California com- pletely into the shade. On Sundays the respectable lot went to the sheds which served as churches and gladdened the hearts of the clergy by filling the plates with the precious ore. Men gambled away handfuls at a game, and permitted the girls they danced with to help themselves from their laden pockets. There was no closing-time here in the stores, restaurants, or hotels, and as yet no special licence required to sell liquors. Yet law and order were enforced and fewer outrages perpetrated than might have been expected under the circumstances. The reason for this, doubtless' was that., isolated as they were from the outer world, and forced into constant intercourse, each citizen knew all about his neighbours—what money they had and what prospects, with all the other secrets that are gene- rally kept hidden in civilisation. All nationalities were representea, and with the exception of an occasional dispute, the women and men were like one family. Bill took a good look round the camp, and after seeing some of the pan-washings on Bonanza Creek and Eldorado, he no longer had a single doubt left. The Yukon Valley held gold enough to swamp the world when it was properly exploited. He did a considerable flutter at the cards during his stay, and, as he was no novice at the games, he added materially to his store of nuggets, He tried also to get a share on some of the less-tested claims, offering all he was worth, but without success. He was told to go out and fird a claim for himself.

"There are hundreds of creeks lying waiting for inspection, as good and, perhaps, better than the Bonanza; go out and prospect for yourself." He was now firmly believed that this was so, therefore, after inquiring carefully and studying the official maps, he packed up three of his sledges, and, laying in a plentiful supply of ammunition, he set off towards the direction in which he had been told Lewis Eastlake and Jack Wade had disappeared. He was not aware of the title of the man he was af.ter. At Vancouver he had fallen in with an agent who had given him the letters and messages he was now carrying. The terms which this agent had offered him to undertake the task had been sufficiently handsome to interest him in the missing man.

Someone, to whom money was no object, had the preservation and welfare of this adventurer at heart. At Wranael Bill had been received by

===== 0002601_18990804_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
, - • -cDp ;"`j

L mi G. .4* . . .), .

T 7-3 Ph Q -fp

THE BEST METAL POLISH.

MOLE & Co., SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED PATHOLOGICAL AND BACTERIOLOGICAL LABORATORY FOB. WARRINCiION.

MEETING OF THE INFIRMARY GOVERNORS.

A meeting of the G .vernors at the Warrington In- firmary and Dispenfialy wag held at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon to consider the question of a propoeied pathological and bacteriological labora- tory in connection with the Institution. Mr. J Charlton Parr prided over an a-..tendance which included the following i—Councillors Burton, John Evans aad John Roberts, the Revs J Yonge, H V Pigot, J F .Matthews. Dra. Biwden, Richt/inn', Langdale, Gornall, and Mesi4s Charles White, Jain Fairclough, J L Tunbtail, C Loib, G Thompson, F Monkß, T C Jarkson Holmes, J D Buchton, WH J Jtinhins ano H Thornton.

The proceedings were opened by tbe reading of the following minute : "At a meeting of the Infirmary Com- mittee at the Infirmary the subj-ct, of patboloaical and becter!olcgical investigation was discumed. It was re- solved to recommend to the Board of Management that & properly fitted up laboratory for the purpose of pathological jove stigation is urg -fitly needed to place the Infirmary in an efficient position with re- gard to the welfare of its patients and the investigation of the cause cf disease." It was represented that it was particularly needed in such an agricultural centre as Warrington to save the expense of sending morbid cases to ether laboratories for investigation. Dr. RICHMOND said this proposition put forward by the Cemmittae was really wanted to place the War- rington Infirmary in its proper place with regard to the geeeral health, work and investigation of the cause of uisease in this district. There was plenty of mic os copic work in connection with tumours to be don rin Warrington as,he regretted to say Warrington wasoeo f - the most prolific centres in the whole country. There had been much material cast aside for want of proper apparatus for investigation. What had been done bad been done by the medical staff at their own private expense. They had very valuable material for the investigation of disease and the laboratory would be of the greatest value for treatment in the future. They did not want to have to send anything in the way of disease to any other centre to have a report on it. It was felt to be necessary that the disease conditions under the observation of the medical man should receive in- vestigation microscopically and pathologically where the disease occurred. The disease in fact should receive proper investigation on the spot. This would also add to the efficieecy of the Medical cfficer'a deparment of work. They wanted to have the Warrington In- firmary equal to any tiler in the country with regard to the appliances for investigation into the cause of disease. It was not a costly matter, it was not a fad, it was for the good of the public. Wairingtme at the early part of the century or in the lett century was not an impor- tant eentre but there was no reason now why it should not be equal to any other place in the country in that re- spect. they asked for little; they we:e in a very healthy financial condition and the small grant which was necessary would be amply paid for by the gold to the public and the patients. He thought he almost spoke with the unanimous voice of his colleague; when h- resommended this to them. Councillor Jour' EVANS said be had been very pleased ti hear those remarks. After the way in which it bad been explained he telt convinced it was quite necessary a laboratory should be built and also without delay. He was rather astOnished to hear the mt&cal moo had borne the expense of what had been d s ) far in that direction, out of their owe pockets. Ic was quite sufficient for them to give' their services to the Institution gratis witsout that. This would be money welt spent, and he was sure it would never be regretted. The laboratory kid long been wanted, and it was high time that it was built

The resolution was framed as follows :—"lt is deemed advisable that a pathological laboratory should be established in connection with the Warriogton In- firmary and Dispensary, and the details will be leit to the Board of Management."

Mr. GEORGE TnomrsoN seconded the propnsition. He thought they would find they would be able to carry this out for about £BO.

The resOutien was unanimously adopted.

Votes of thnnks cloned the meeting.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Police Unify:in Boots. SCALES AND SONS. 83: Bridge-otreet. Warrington.—Advt. POTTED TONGUE, PRESSED BEEF, POTTED HEAD. BOILED )lAUS. all kinds of cooked meats. BAYLEY IsiA.C.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
another agent trum tne same source. Klondike Moose Mining Company" both of these agents represented, yet it seemed as if the man, who was their representative on the field, was of more importance in their eyes than the claim. Had he been an absconding director who had walked eff with all the public funds he could not have been more tenderly sought after. Bill Sykes had been promised sufficient guerdont with an advance given to prove the bond-fides of the transaction, to make him ready to travel to the North Pole in pursuit of his quest. He had proved himself plucky enough to make him regardless of perils by the way, and not being troubled with spark of principle or remorse, had it been to accomplish the death of this stranger, he would have taken the job in hand quite as willingly. Bill was of the species Bravo, which are not yet quite extinct in civilised circles, but flourish like pricklY pears in Texas. It would have been easier and more congenial to his nature to have killed his man, yet he did not object to become his protector instead. ; He preferred playing alone hand in this game,' therefore, although several claimless miners offered to accompany him on this expedition, he declined their aid. He took the Indians he needed to manage the sledges and the dogs, leaving the others to drink and gamble their pay in the city.. Then, one dim morning, he started off on the trail indicated to him by his friends the police. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18990804_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DETECTIVE FERRET'S PLAN.

" If I ‘at-ra in search of a man of whom I knew notb, leg save tint he squinted, had a birthmark on his; right band, and limped ; and if I should see one who squinted only, that would be a poor clue, for thousandS of men squint. But if I saw a man who squinted and had the birthmark, the clue would be tea times stronger; and if tha limp were added I shou'd be practically cer. tam."

So said my friend, James W. Ferret, the famous detec- tive, to me last Thursday night when we got talking about cumulative probabilities. Anybody can see the force of that reasoning. We all rely on it, and use it constantly, without giving it an analysis. It is identi- cal in principle with the Bertillon system of identifica- tion, which is but a summary of trifles. It is when several small things are found in a group that they la& come prodigiously important as evidence. Here we may introduce a lady who says about her- self : "In the early part of last year I began to fed weak and ailing. I was tired, heavy, and weary, with' out bring able to assign a cause. I had no proper relish for my meats. and after eating suffered pain and discranfort in the stomach and chest. I got about ray bowie duties, so as not to neglect them, as you may says but nevev as I used to do and always in more or less pain.

" Mv uncle. Mr. Jaekson, who is a farmer, in thit neighbourhood, strongly urged me to take Mother Seigel's Syrup for the various bad symptoms that troubled me. To give me confidence in it, be said it bad cured him after the doctors had given him up. "On the strength ot what my uncle told me I sent to the Leigh Fiiendly Stores for a bottle of the syrup, and after using the medicine for a short time I could enjoy my meals, and all food agreed with me. I continued taking it, and was soon well and strong. Since then I have ileot in good health by taking a dose of Mother Seigers Syrup when I feel any of the slight ailmenta which will come upon us all even at the best of times: I want to make the following point for the good of any —especially women—who may be as ill as I was, or worre, not knowing how to name the com- plaint that afflicts them :—ln nine cases out of edema the real trouble is dyspepsia, or indigestion- Although indigestion is seated in the stomach it affect, every part of the body, as I know from experience; and this deceives many into thinking they have several disewes—pnhaps, consumption itse!r. It is only bY taking all these things together that we see that they are' parts of the same puzzle, and that indigestion is. the. true cause. You may use this letter of mine in any way yru like." (S;gned) (Mrs.) MARY Cnano,Platt-lane, Culcheth, near Warrington, January 10, 1899. "For many years," says another, "I was ill and wretched. I always felt weak, weary, and tired. I had a poor appetite, and what little food I ate gave me an awful pain at the chest and a sense of gnawing at the stomach, My breath was short, as in the case of people with asthma, and I w,,nt about worn and pressed down, hardly better than the poor things we see in the pictures of shipwrecks. I never got as much sleep as 1 ne(ded, and suffered both in mind and body from that, I was b.lious, too, and had the well-known signs of sluggish liver.

This, I say, was my condition for many years. No amount of medicine or doctoring did me any real good until, (leder the advice of one who had been cured by it, I began taking Mother Seigel's Syrup. It eased my breathing, corrected my stcmach, toned my liver, quiet:-,d _my reatleas nerves, gave me natural sleep, and, in shirt, tnede me a well woman—something I had never been b-fore.

And what seems most wonderful of all is that all my EutTering, which was so complicated and so long continued, W4A due to indig-stiim, and to that alone. That, no dlabt, is why Mother Seigel's Syrup cures snob a variety of complaints in curing ont ; they are all really cautoed by the main diease—l mean the dyspepsia." (Sienna) (Mrs.) Selina Elliott, Skegby, near Mansfield, March 2, 1899.

The ladi:l3 have hit the point so neatly that I shall nOt be called upon to add a word. When you are ill and have various pains, aches, and distreFses, so that aur one ry tw9 of them leave you iii the daik,then take thera all together, Hirt) the letters on a sign, and you will notice that they; pell the familiar word INDIGESTION

THE 6 XAMINER " STEAM PRINTING NVONN-9'

BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues, Conditions of -- Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerfi-a Soirees, Hails, ; Rules for Friendly, Building. an Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets Books ote Headings Memorandums,Work Notes,2llll Ad°' Busines Visiting and Mourning C%rds, Handbilis.• SO.• tber. Sodeilors, Merch nts, Manufacture. s.Tradesmen gnu ~°lO3 requiring Printing of any description are requested f'n trial. ALL ORDERS EXECUTED PUNCTUALLY, CO'

AND ECONOMIOALLY

F 4 .NVELOPES FIUMS

--2 S PER 1 000

===== 0002601_18990804_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990804_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
[wHLTEi Blackto move and win.

SOLVERS' LIST. Previons Problem T0t,..1 score. No 42. ins P Wright. Warrington.......- 66 2 68 8 Tavlin, Warrington .. 5B 2 60 a Lee, Warrington .. ..... -. 48 2 50 W.._ Rigbv, Warrington.. -48 2 50 ..!Y Ilew:tt, Warrington 44 2 46 -6- Donaghy, Padgate....-....- 40 5 42 R Powell, Warrington .. .38 2 40 T. P Forbes, Warrington .. 34 2 36 44... Hall, Warriagton • 34 34 4 Ogden, Warrington ~,Ct Rowe, Warrington ~__:1: Rickers, W arrington—.... - .7 . Massey, Warrington .t...)" Foden, Sankey Bridges.- Iv Darlington, Peaketh LI Evans,Warrington 2l 2 26 * Albinson, Bockton Heath ...A Rutter, Warrington U Green. Warrington .. 22 2 24 &Banner, Warrington l6 2 18 .17 E Kean.Warrington . l6 16 ~ RJ P" Warrington Vir Plinston, Warrington ....._ 12 12 „ J., Plinston,Warrington - l2 12 .451. Lowe, Warrington ....- ".:C P." Warrington ...--- `..!, It Grieve, Warrington....-- 2 2 46, Mercer. Padgate....- .......... - 2 2 0 Ross, Penketh .......- ..... ..- 2 2 The winner of our competition for July will be announced next week. . . . .

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize ,in this competition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 41,, instead of the cash prize, by notifying;the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we Illay state that we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the ,eculpetitor who succeeds in placing himself at the aead of the S)lvers' List at the end of the month Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is eSocalled, while the remaintng competitors' points gc towards the nest month's competition: The win- lier may re-enter the competition if he chooses, Commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points re awatded as follows: Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual so!ution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for tach minor correction: - *lntending competitors may commence at any time,

NEWS OF TH.E GAME. There seems little likelihood of the proposed Pillsbury, v. Benson, match materializing, as we learn from a chess contemporary that Mr. Pillsbury llos gone back to America. BRAG.—In the billiard room of one of the Fraser- burgh hotels the other night a game at "brag' took the place of a proposed game at draughts. A commercial traveller, who can play a decent game at the brod " and knows it, was,like Neal Malone, "blue moulded for want of a batin." He could Ploy any man in Fraserburg.he vowed, and became offensive with his brag. A quiet man in the corner oiaid-4. Ye micht do that, but ye'd lose." "I'll Play you for all that you are worth," said the coin- Marcia'. "Ye dinna ken fat I'm worth," said the quiet one," "but I'll play ye for a fiver." and he Produced a five pound note, and asked the corn- Merical to "cover that." The commercial hulked, lind began to mumble about draughts not being a elkillbling game. He had no objections, however, to toy the "quiet one" for a dram, "Na, na," said the tter, " doon wi' yet siller or stop yet gassin.' And t„he commercial traveller choke the latter alterna- tive. The point of the joke comes in with the ex- Planation that the " quiet one," as he himself put It, doesn't know the difference between a" king" and the "double six." "Were you not frightened about your money ?" I asked him. "Deli a bit. Man," he replied. "The marker tell't me there asna a board in the house."—" Fraserburgh Jclt ral d." FREEDMAN IN ANOTHER NEW ROLE. Mr. H. Freedman is strongly of the opinion that 100 much attention to the game of draughts is apt to do a player more harm than good. No doubt itthers are of the same opinion. During his tour in ogland he generally relieved the monotony of graughts-playing, by recourse to other more or less telentific games such as billiards, whist, and 1 uorainees. He handles a billiard-cue very fairly, eArtti play a good hand at whist, and at nom- 'noes well, here hangs a tale. Daring the !?urse of the simultaneous exhibition which Freedman gave in Morris's Restaurant, Sverpool-road, Warrington, an individual Came 41. who at once began to create some amusement :frith his remarks. All went well, however, until remarked, " Well, he may be the champion ileaught-player, but I'll play him dominoes for what Qs likes." To his evident surprise Mr. Freedman at 13,444-replied," I'll play you as soon as I'ye finished L'uiti game." Accordingly a box of dodainoes was oroduced and play commensei. They played 18 tables altogether, the score reading, Freedman 13. t:ranger 5. At the conclusion the stranger re- orked " Well, I don't know about him being the r'ompbri draughts-player, but I know one thing, flcl that's not two, he can play dominoes." A re- illitrk with which everyone who witnessed the games 4°roughly agreed.

The small diagram will enable our readers to understand the notaticn by which the moves of tie game are recorded. Black (c-apies the squeses num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figurPs thus (1145) indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so numbered. Black has the opening move and the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

.11W ;

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for ail ho use daily on the tooth .;rush a few drops of SOZODONT

ge.. pleasantest dentikica world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ara tor SOZODONT. 2a. 6d.

, , mv).;loAit...o; 4 eir , , ,d,' 41,...11:13We'1l tilt 1C) t4,111k,' 113)‘:-Millgira 16 o....zitig 18 7.1611,, 20 41 1",.'13.".' 23 rliari: aktErl,llt; 28 ._ . -

===== 0002601_18990804_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
tARTER'S LITTLE_

LIVER PILLS. Pawl Pill. ;1,4-'lOll6. Sus, Dose. CARTER Smha Price. ITTLE Forty in al IV ER vial. I pavi; vVege- ' table. lire Torpid Liver, 13i1e Complexion, and tek Headaches promptly: 4441 el/re them so as to stk.), 11"

===== 0002601_18990804_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held on Tuesday even- ing in the Town Hal!. the Mayor (Alderman Wright) preiiding. There were also present :—Aldermen Sutton, Hutchinson, Roberts, Councillors Heaton, J. Roberts. J. Shaw Greou, Plumpton, Ellison, James Evans Benn4t, Baird, Tinnion, A. Jolley, Rogers, SWRenck, F. Monks, Cannel!, Peacock. and Grace, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. T Lougdin (borough sorveyor), Mr. Deas /engineer). FINANCE COMMITTEE—THE AUDITOR'S REPORT. The minutes of this committee were of a routine character and Councillor SHAW GREEN proposed their adontion. Tne DEPUTY MAYO 2 seconded. _

Councillor BENNETT said that as the Finance Commit- tee had departA from their usual custom of including in the minutes the auditor's report, he would proceed to rcad the report to the Council. Councillor SrliaNl7 GREEN said he did not think this was on the minutes. He did not wish unnecessarily to interfere between Councillor Bennett and the Council. The MAYOR: It has struck me in the same way. It must have the approval of the Council. Councillor Berslicrr : It ought to be on the minutes. That is my contention. The MAYOR: The Town Clerk advises me that you are not in order. Bring it up at the committee meet- ing. Coutnillor BENNETT : I have done so. The clinmittee told me to mak.. a statement to the Council. What remedy is there other than raising the matter in the Council ? . .

Further discussion enstpd,and eventually it was ruled that Councillor Bennet; must give notice in the ustial form. C mncillor BENNETT : I will Cll so, but I think it k absurd.

Th-1 minutes *awe then agreed to. STREET IMPROVEMENT AND LlGUTlNG.commrrree

At a meeting held on the 13:n July it was resolved that the tender of Mr. Peter Righy to mak!) the alter- ations to the shinp-m, So., at Finger Post Farm, Pad- gate-lane, at £34 165., he accepted. Alderman SUTTON moved the adoption of the minutes. _ _

Council!or JAMES Everts seconied, and it was agreed

HEALTH COMMITTEE. PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE HOIPITAL.

The above cAntnittee have adopted tha following resolutions :—ThA the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and Medical Officer of Health ba appointed to attend the annual congress of the Royal Institute of Public Health, to be held in Blnckpool in September next; and that the plans of the proposed extension of the hospital for infectious cliseaqes, near Aillin-street, be approvod, and suhinitted to th I.i•C.tl Government Board for their 0133Prvations thereon. The minutes were approved, on the motion of Alder- man Surrox, anomie:l bv Alderman ROBERTS.

SANITARY vojims comparrEE

AN EXPENDITURE OF £6OB Al' LONGFORD.

It was resolved at a meeting of the above comrnitt.e that the tender of Mr. Thomas Davies to erec7, a new manure store at Longford D.Vit, at £6OB, be accepted. Councillor MONKS, in moving the coofirmatien of the minutes, referred to the resolution, to spend £638 upon a manure etere at Loagford, the reason being, he said, that the re-organization which bad been carried on for the last four or five years had rather crippled the stor- age accommodation.. yhose members of the Ceuncil who remembered what took place SOlll9 years ago would 'mow that the last store building was to accommodate 400 tons of dry manure. The quantity of material they had now to I &al with had increased to such an extent that it was necessary to provide at the present time room for 800 tons, and Inc:king to the development of the town dui- ing the next few years, it only seemed reasonable to provide for a minimum quantity of 1,000 tons. Thesum of £6OB would provide such a store, and he thought that would be the last considerable sum of money they would come to the Council tor —(hear, hcarl—as far as Long- ford was concerned, unless it was intended to either re- build the place or to adopt some system different en' irely from that which was in operation at the pre- sent time. Thl present store was utilized by two new dryers,. One of them had Wen worked in Manchester and one or two other towns and had elven every satis- faction. They themselves were very well satisfied with the dryer that had been working for some time, and the one started a few weeks ago. The work proposed was not particularly presdng,but still it was desirable to take it in hand in view of the present limited accommodation. This resolution wou'd be passed subject to the approval of the L:cal Government Board. They had in the past few years done certain work without obtaining the sanction of the Local Government Board, and they had managed to engineer it successfully through the House of COMMONS, and the accounts would be passed now without any necessity for securing the approval of the Local Government Board. He did not want to start, and the committee did not want to start again in that irregular way—(hear, bear)--and that was why he sug- gested that this should be sanctioned subject to the approval of the Local Government Board. As it would be necessary to have an inquiry in connection with the proposed electric lighting works, this inquiry could be held at the same time, and being such a small matter there would be no difficulty, In thought, in getting the sanction of the Board to the proposal. Councillor Joint Evens secondecl,and the minutes were agreed to. THE PROPOSED ABATTOIR AND CATTLE MARKET. THE QUESTION OF A SITE.

The minutes of the Markets Committee contained the following resolutions :—hat the following members be appointed a sub-committee to report upon the most suitable sites for a cattle market :—The Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Alderman Fairclough, Councillors Jolley, Lee, Rogers and Shillcock, and that the Chair- man and Councillo:s Lee and Shaw Green, be appointed a sub committee to wait upon the Health Committee to discuss the question of providing a public abattoir in connection with the proposed cattle market. Alderman HUTCHINSON in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said the Committee had met and been over five or six sites, and considering that it would be well to work with the Health Committee and the Elrctric Light- ing Committee, who were taking extensive premises at Howley, and have the market in the same vicinity, they consulted with them, but tound that their plans were not yet fully prepared. The matter was therefore left over for the lime being. . Conncillor Jous ROBERTS seconded. _ _ _ . _

_ Councillor BrOINETT said it was the first he had lasard of this proposal, and he did not consider it was a feli- citous one. To have a cattle market by the electric lighting station away from any railway connection and available only by paEsing through the most congested streets of the town, was one of the most maladroit schemes that had been brought before tha Council for some time. He fot bound to protest against the pro- posal in the absence of any farther information. Councillor STIA.W GREEN: I hope you are not running away with the idea that we selected a site. We mall, appointed a commit:co to meet the Health Department and to look over the tow a for a suitable site. If we can 1,,,et a site with railway sidiog accommodation we will probably accept it. Councillor Lvs : The committee have not record. mended any specific site, and this discussion is out of order.

The minuth9 werc+ then ‘pproved. THE CHANNEL OF THE RIVER.

At a ms(ting of the Rivers Committee the River Sur- veyor submitted his log book and sections of the river, and after censideration it was reaolvvci that the Borough Surveyor communicate with the engineer to the Shiro Canal Company, cal!ing his atention to the unsatisfac- tory state of the channel in certain parts of the river, that the Town Clerk apply to the Ship Canal Company for a copy of the entries in the log books kept at Latch- ford and Wooiston Weirs since the opening of the Canal, and that on failing to obtain the information he be in- structed to uive the Company any notice of the inten- tion of the Corp-rein', to put into onera.tion the pro- visions of cue-section 13 of section 88 of the Company's Act of 1885. Mr. R. T. Fairclough, the commissioner appointed by the Corporation on the Upper Mersey Novi- !.zation Commission, reported that at the last meeting "the charts showed the channels from Warrington to Randall Sioicas to be Harrow and serpentine, the approaches to Widnes Docks very good, the approaches from main chAnnet to 8ric1.,,e,-kt.r ,4rul

TOBACCONISTS Conirnenciug.—See Illustrated Guid 53 piges) 3d. Totaccooists' Outfitting Co. 186. Euston-road ondon, HirJreers: fitted.—Manager, H. MOs. Advt.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.

intricate and poor, and the main channel from Runc,rn Bridge to Garstm good." Alderman ROBBRTS, in moving the confirmation or the minutes, said there were two important resolutions con- tained therein, but he did not propose to off:T any comments thereon. It wag politic at the present atage, no tooo more than to simply allow the minutes to remain, and for members of the Council to observe the nature of them, and form an opinion upon them. At a latslr atage be might have something to say regarding thew.

COUT:6IIOr HEATON seconded. and the minutes lirero agreed to. THE PROPOSED NEW BRIDGE OVER THE MERSEY.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee Mr. Buddock certified that theilluminating power of gas for tha month of June was 18 5 candles. It was ros3lved that in consequence of several accidents at Bridge Foot the Watch Committee be requested to place a constable on duty to regulate the traffic, and that the question of providing a new bri ige over the Mersey at Bride-Lot be re,-opened with the County Canned. The MAYOR moved the adoption of the minutes. Alderman Surrorr seconded. _ _

Councillor BeNrrsrr said that for some inscrutable mystery the lamp in front of the Old knadcmy,at Bridge- foot still remained intact, and no accident ssemediyet to have happened. From the ominous prophecies of Coun- cillor Evans and others, hs could only woudfer that that was so, rind he suegested that the lamp be removed.

Councillor PLunri:ror•T : Give us time. The MAYOR said it was the intention of the sub-com- mittee to have the lamp removed. COURCiIIOr BENNETT :. I WAS going to suggest that it should be put behind the fountain at the end of the bridge. _ . .

The MAYOR : You can make that ' suggestion to tho committal. _ _ _

...... _ Councillor BENNETT said he would do so. Councillor GRACE said he noticed that it bad been resolved that the question of providing a new bridge over the Mersey at Bridge Foot be re;opeaed with the County Council. He should like to know in what position they stood with regard to the inquiry ordered to be made some nine or ten months ago with reference to Warrington's position as a county b vou,gh. He thought the way the County Council had treated them in the past led tletn to believe that tney could never get anything from them in the future The position of Warrington, its ratable value and population, entitled it to the position of a county borough, and the sooner they secured that position the better it would be. The time surely had COM 9 when they should kt.ow their position in regarl to the enquiry. Councillor Morucs observedthatif Councillor Grace bal been in his place at the meeting of the General Purposes Geninittee he would have known that a semi d meet- ing of the committee had locea called for the 14th of this month, to rf vire a report on the question.

CturneiUor GRACE: ^I am very glad to hear it. The minutes were then approved. THE TENDER FOR THE NEW POLICE BUILDINGS. WA.RNI DISCUSSION.

The Matron move I the following m tion standing in his name : -L." To consider, and if thought advisable, to accept a tender for the construction of the new police premisee." He stated that in order to bring tee discus- ion at once befors the Council he al;o bseged to move that the tender of Mr. C. W. D:vsnport for the erection of new priice premises at the sum of -2.19,807 7,61 he accepted. As he e xplained to the General Purposss Committee tenders were duly in- vited by public advertisement and sew -rat were re- ceiver]. They were opened by the Watch C =mitten at a meeting held ors the 13th July and it wig than faun* that Mr. Davenport's tenler wag the leweet. The amount of the tender then was £lB 807 7s 61. Mr. Burns Dick attonded and at his suggestion it was de- cided to ascertain the amount included in Mr. Dairen. nort's tenler for masonry so that if the Council theught fit they could substitute terracotta which was recom- mended by Mr. Dick in lieu of the Runcorn stoie which was specified for. Tbe censiders.tion of the tender was then adjourned until Mr. Burns Dick and Mr. Longdin had obtained the necessary information to enable them to report upon the matzer. They saw Mr. Davenport the same afternosn after the meeting, and on the following Friday Mr. Davenport , wrote to the B)rough Surveyor informing him that he had made a clerical error of £l,OOO. He sent his bill of quantities, and upon the face of it it would appear to be puvly a clerical error. Mr. Davenport's amended tender was stin £l,lOO lower than the next tender, and , the General Purposes Committee decided to accept it. Ha distinctly wished it to be understood that be was not pre sent at the opening of the tenders. COUNCILLOR EIRAT3N seconded. Ceuecillor GRiCR said he desired to express his die approval of the accsptance of Mr. Davenport's tender. He did so for the obvious reason that if the Council was to preserve its integrity in its dealings with contractors their committees could not amend a tender as had been done in this instance. He knew that if inemb2re of the Council had tendered to perform certain work, and then someone else who had got it obtained knowledge by some means or other, that his tender was so much lower-- - -

_ The MAYOR: Is not that an assumption? Counailior Gluon : It is an assutnption truly. The MAYOR : Of course I know nothing at all about the acc,!ptance of the tender in the first instance. Con,cillor GRACE (continuing) said it seemed to him that if the Council accented an amendsd contract of that description it opened the door to a jzwymandering of contracts which no public body ought to be a party to. It would be within the recollection of the Council that the same contractor when he tendered for some other public work in connection with the Board of Guardians also made a clerical error of a similar description. The amended tender was accepted by the Board of Guardians andjhe thought the voice of public opinion was very strongly heard on that occasion. There was also another aspect of this question which needed considerable attention and that was the disclosure of the business of the Watch Committee. - - - -

The MAYOR: I wasn't present and don't know a sinale figure at this moment. Councillor GRACE (continuing) said that a fortnight aao last Thursday, the meeting of the Watch Commit- tee was held and tenders were opened from four or five pereone. On the following Friday the committee got a letter and on the Saturday in St. Helens he (Councillor Grace heard nat Mr. Davenport had got the tender and that he as £2,000 below anyone else. If he could hear that in St. Helene it appeared perfectly plain that someone must have given the figures away. He (Coun- cillor Grace) did not know the actual figures until last Thursday but what surprised hien war the receipt of the letter frem Mr. Davenport asking for an addition to be made to his tender of a sum of £l,OOO. The proper way for a public body to deal with a transaction of that kind was to ignore such a tender aid give the contract to some firm or firms who thoroughly understood their business and who would not be guilty of making errors of £l,OOO. If they placed the contract in the bands of firma who were not likely to make mistakes of £l,OOO they were the more likely to have a better job aad one more satisfactory to the ratr payers. He wished to ex- press hi 3 dissatisfaction at the acceptance of the tender. (Hear, hear.) Councilor CANNELL said no one had a greater respect for Mr. Davenport than he had, but it did seem peculiar that he should make two misakes in his contracts in about twelve months. He did not look upon Mr Daven- port as a person who would receive a bribe. He (Coun- cillor Carmen), had been told d:stinctly that they were making money out of the transaction. The Mixon : Don't make such a strong assertion. Keep to the point. Councillor CANNELL (continuing), said he shonld not oppose Mr. Davenport. for he believed he had made a misaice or his clerk had. But he was not going to support the resolution. He was not going to be hood- winked. When a mistake was made of this descriptien be thought the contract should be withdrawn, and the next lowest accepted. Councillor JOHN ROBERTS said he did not think it was posisible for a man in Mr. Davenport's position to do anything in the way of ameuoling a contract with wilful intent. The mistake, he believed, was due to some member of the staff, It was not right to throw water on a drowned rat. . _

Councillor GRACE : It appears to bs a very live one. Councillor JOIIN ROBERTS said whatever t )ok plat; 12 months ago ought not to be raked up in that Council Cham'oer. Mr. Davenport was a man of good standing and would not let his hand do anything to injure hie character fer the sake of £l,OOO. He had a better opinion of him than than that, and he certainly thoeeht the teed, r should be given to him seeing that he was still £l,lOO lees than anyone else. (Bear, hear.) Alderman FURCLOUGH said be was a member of the Wetch Committee but unfortunately he was not present at the meeting when the tenders were opened. He be- lieved Mr. Davenport wrote to the effeet that he wished , to withdrawn the tender and it would have been mirth better if the Watch Committee had allowed him to do so. (Hear, bear.) Alderman SUTTON said in the absence of the Mayor he presided at the meetiog of the Watch Committee when the tenders were opened. 'the lowest tender being Mr. Davenports, it was accepted. Fie was very glad it was the lowest bee Luse Mr. Davenport was the only resident bulder amenest the contractors. Tee MAYOR: I understand it you did not accept the tender at that meeting. Alderman SUTTON: It was not finally accepted than. CoUECIIIOT CANNELL : I maintain that the C3litT act was aecfpted subject to certain things. Will you main- tain that Alderm in Sutton The MArost : Order. Order! Councillor CANNELL: I want that confirmed. " Chair ! Chair !" Coirecillor CANNELL : It has been denied. I want my tatemene confirming. (Renewed cries of " Chair, chair.") Alderman ROBERTS: I protest aeainat the indigni ties being put on this Corporation by certain members. (Hear, hear.) I think it is time someone spoke out. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SUTTON The contract wal accepted sub• ectte the confirmation of this Ceuecil. That un- doubtedly was the ca2e and I always undereteod it was

so. Sinco that meeting I have not attended any other msetings of the committees because I have been away. Tlie2questionWii'.3, did Mr D kver.port kuo w what the next lowest tender was before he found out his mistake ? The MLYOR : I should think not.

Alderman SUTTON: It was fully understool that no member of the committee or any official should tell Mr. Davenport wi,at tho otlr.r traders amounted ta. Cog- equently if Mr. Davempart fouml out the ntistake of £l,OOO 11,fon le kiclrne acquainted—if he had become acqu ,intEd —with the actu tl figures of the other c, n tractors, then they tvEr perfectly jasified in accepting his contrAct seeinz that it was still less than the others.

- Couec'llor SHAW GREEN: Can you give us the date when the tenders were opened? The MAYOR : They were opened on the 13th of July. I should like with the permission of the Council to ask the Boron ih Surveyor what he aad Mr. Dick consulted Mr D tvenport about, Toe Boeotian SURVEYOR: The following letter to the Town Cl ek will explain why we wished to sae Mr. Divenport after the tenders had been opened : " 15'h July, 1839. Proposed Police Centre, &c. In accordance with the instructions of the committee on Thursday last, Mr. Dick together with the Beraugh Engineer, called upon Mr. Daeenport, contractor, and obtained access to his priced schedule, from which we note that the mason wosk ameunt is £2,803 10 e ne. This will enable the committee to deal with ties ques- tion of stone or terracotta for the new buildings. If the latter be adoptel, the above amount would be de- ducttd from Mr. Devenport's estimate and a separate contract err ere i into with terracotta manufacturers, and the meant stated ia Mr. Davenport's estimate for fixing terracotta would be to add to his contract ameunt. By using toret Cite, a saving would be effected of possibly £3OO Le £4OO and we would, apart from this censideratiou, recommend that it be adopted, in niece of Ruecore stone which Is sptcified, chiefly on account of the increased architectural effect obtainslie by the colour contrast between the bright red brick and the buff coloured terra- cotta. If the committee decide to adopt our recom- mendation we will obtain estitnetes from the chief terra cetta manufacturers reed submit same for their con- sideration. We are, dear sir, Yours very truly, Cackett and Burns Deck." Writing on July 17th.the tame firm wrote "We bag to thank you for your letter re terracotta estimates, which we shall obtain as early as oossible. Will you be good enough to return all drawings and tracings which we sent for the information of contractors tendering so that we may get workine drawings complete in time for signing with contract." The MAYOR: As far as I understand that is all you consulted Mr. Davenport about? The SURVEYOR : That is all sir. Aldermen SUTTON (continuing) said as Mr. Devea- port's contract was aceepted, and as his contract le es still much lower than any other, he thoueht the Council would b quite c =Bet, and entirely justified in giving him this contract, if they believed he did make this clerical error. He liked everything being done straight and above board. (Hear, hear.) If the question had not been reconsidered by either the Watch Committee or the General Purposee Committee, it would be a proper [thing to send it back for reconsideration. ' The MAYOR : It has been thoroughly receesidered by the General Purposes Commit'ee and the Watch Com- mittee. The voting at the meeting of the General Pur- poses Committee was 11 to 6 in favour of the acceptance of the contract. Alderman SUTTON (continuing) then said he should eupport the resolution on two grounds ; first becau le the actual amount of the coetract was so much leas even now than any other; and secondly b.!cause Mr Devoe- port was a Warrington man. He would prefer to give the coetrect to a townsman rather than let it go abroad. COLMOIIIat BEATON said that when Mr Davenport found out his mistake he wrote to the committee asking them to reject his tender. CouticAlor CANNELL : No, no. Amend his tender. Councillor HEATIN : He asked us to reject his tender. The Heron: Mr. Davenport was quite prepared to withdraw his tender, Couneiller : He made a request to the Com- mittee to that &Tees,. Councillor CANNBLL • Can you prove that? Councillor HEAT TIN. Yes, we have the letter. Tne Tows CLERK (holding up the letter) said it corn- mewled "I am compelled to amend or withdraw my tender." Councillor CANN= : Let me see the letter Mr. Mayor. Alderman ROBERTS I think Councillor Cannel ought to take your word for it (Hear, hear). The Melton: I think so too (Hear, hear). The letter was then handed to Councillor Caanell, who carefully scrutinised it but passed no further com- ment upon it. Councillor Havros (continuing) said be had carefully examined Mr. Davenport's figures in preparing the con- tract and from what he could see it was a legitimate mistake. This was quitl plain to the members of the committee and he felt cntein that the committee was justified in accepting the amended tender which was still Ql,lOO below any other. He hoped the Ciuncil would approve of the motion and thus prevent the rate- payers' money being wasted. Councillor JAMES EVANS said he was quite prepared to accept the statement that a clerical mistake had nem made, but notwithstanding that,it was evident that the Intormetion respecting the price of the contracs had got outside the committee. That was where the difficulty arose. Councillor &taw GREEN said he had expected to hear from the Mayor some suggestion as to how the work was to be carried out. The Council was well aware that the premises known as the old barracks were in the occupation of the Technical In- struction Committee, and to put them out would mean a disleeation of their work, and he believed a loss to the young people of the Borough. When they were discus. sing the point in connection with the Corporation Bill there was a general impression made, that the work of erecting police bui dings would be done picas-meal, and not all at once as seemed to be the case now. He would like to know if any attempt had been made to meet the difficulty of providing a place for.i.the technical instruc- tion classes. The bla.vox : There is no desire to interfere with the work of the Technical Instructien Department. We shall endeavour to meet them as far as we can. Alderman ROBERTS: We are net going to be turned oat. We cishsider our work as a Technical Instruction Committee quite as important as that of providing new police buildings. The MAYOR Then don't you consider new police buildings necessary? Alderman Roberts: I do ; but I wish to impress upon the members of the Watch Committee that possession is nine points of the law and we shall not go until we have found another home for the technical classes. Councillor HEATON : We shall take the roof off. (Laughter.) Alderman ROBERTS said it wonid be necessary for the Council to look round—and look round early—for fresh quarters for the technical classes. He was afraid a great many did not realise the importance of the fact that the Technical Instruction Committee did not know where they were going to find a place to carry on their work. He would take the assurance of the Mayor that the Watch Cosnmittee would not interfere with them until they had found a place for the technical classes. The MAYOR: From your experience on the bench you must know that it is quite time we had a new court room. Alderman ROBERTS : I quite appreciate the difficul- ties under which the police work is c)rried on but technical instruction is so important that we must have come accommedation btfere we are turned out. The MAYOR: I can eive you the assuraece that some accommodation will be provided for the technical chums. Councillor GRACE contended that the question referred to was outside the scope of the resolution. Aldermen HUTCRINsON supported the motion. He thought Mr. Davenport had made a clerical error, and the members of the committee after examining Mr. Davenport's bill of quantities were of that opinion. Councillor Monne said he was afraid that the Watch Committee did not appreciate the difficulties there would be in finding other rooms for the technical classes. He and Mr. Madeley had alrea ly some two months in finding a reem for a cookery scaool and had not suc- ceeded in finding one yet. The MAYOR: Why have we bought this additional land in Museum-street if we are not going to use it as a site for a Technical Institute ? Councillor MONKS : We c mutt build a portion of the Institute for a cookery school, and we haven't got any funds for a technical beim].

The Mixon: We cannot stand still in these matters. Couacillor MONKS : I only wish to emphasise the rieces,iity of providing nclommodation for technical in- struction purposes before interfering with the Old Barracks. Alderman FAIRCLOUGII : We can have plans passed Jar tectLical schoola and get them up first. We have already purchasrd the land. Councillor MONKS: We haven't the money fer new technical schools. Councillor SHAW GREEN: Are you considering the pogsib!e increase of rates? I want to keep them down if possible but it will be impossible if we go in for these large sch.mes. Councillor PEACOCK was afraid the Council was wan- dering from the subject. Be would like to know why Mr. Davenport's contract was not accepted when the tenders were opened. Alderman SUTTON: It was accepted at that meeting. Councillor Paacoca contended that a contractor ought to stand by the price of his contract. The MAYOR: lam not going to express an opinion. Councillor PEacocx : If we had to nay the increased

BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PIM

"NEVER 'FAIL..." Are, acknowledged to be the only genuine remedy for Correcting IREGLP ARITIES OBSTRUCTiONS Thryare eerti.iu to cure the most ob.:tit:ate case,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testinionials. in boxes, is. lid., 2s. gd. ; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from V. BLA..7.CII.LRD, Forest Rd., Daiston,London.

price out of our own pocke's we should expros our opinion upon it. If they gave one coo tractor a chance of amending his tender they should give the others a similar privilege. He was of opinion that if the motion were rejected and they advertised for fresh tenders they would save money. He did not kilow any man round that table who after accepting a contract would pay a thoucand pounds more.

The MAYOR : I haven't the ~lightest, feeling in this matter.

Councillor PEACOCK : is not the tender accepted on the day they wer opened ? Councillor MONK 4 : It was left over to the Borough Surveyor, and the Architect to make some alterations. Councillor CANNELL : I say Mr. Davenport got the contract. Councillor TINNIDN said the amending of the contract had placed the Corporation in an unfortunate r) o4ition. He did not think much would have been said about it if a similar mistake had not been made by thesame builder when estimating for the new infirmary. Be (Councillor Tinnion) was at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee, and he inspected the figures in the bills of gliantitieS Verc carefully. From the facts that were disclosed he thought they were somewhat suspicuous and " fishy," but after going throueh the various items he came to the conclusion that a clerical error had been made. If he had not been certain on that point he would not have agreed to the proposal to increase the contract. In proof of his assertion that a mistake had been made h • might state that one item alone came to more than the total at the bottom of the sheet. He went to the light to see if any erasure had been made but he was satisfied that none had been made. Every fieure was made in blacklead except the one where the mistake had been made which was in red ink. He was certain that it really was a most unfortunate clerical error. The matter therefore resolved itsel into one of whether they were prepared to amend the contract or accept the next lowest and threw £llOO away. It was a most unfortun- ate circumstance. It might prevent outsiders from tendering again. If he hail tendered ho certainly would not tender again without an explanation. He thought that discussion would be a healthy lesson to anyone who had divulged the prices of c matrects, and it would also show outsiders that they did not hush things up and were not afraid to let the whole thing be known. A vote was then taken. The whole of the Council voted fee the motion with the exception of Alderman Fairclough and Councillor Grace. Councillor PEACOCK said the members did not oppose the acceptance of the contract but objected to the way it had been done._ .

-- Ths BilAyolt : There are 18 in favour of the motion and 2 against. The motion is carried. The minutes of several committees which cmtained nothing of public interest were passed without com- ment.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. THE SCHEAE EXPLAINED AND TENDERS ACCEPTED.

I Councillor MONKS brought for ward a resolution:—"To consider, and if thought advisable, to accept tenders for the construction of the new destructor premises and plant, and the new electric lighting premises and plant, and other works ire connection there with." In doing so he said he had bad several important propositions to submit to the Council in previous years, but to is was the most important of the lot, and one that he felt a little anxious abut because it was so full of techni- calities and it was possible some misapprehension might arise for want of requisite knowledge on the part of some of the memb3rs. He took it for grantei te start with teat the Council had decided to have an electric lighting station of some sort. The fact that the Parliamentary Order was applied for and granted, made it necessary for them to taks some step within two years from that time. otherwise private I traders could apply to the Local Government Board for similar authority, and they (the Corporation) would have to put in an appearance and apply for an extension of time. Recent experiences had proved that electric light was just as important to the inhabitants as the gas and water undertakings. The Electric Lighting Committee was only appointed about six months age, and they had had that time to consider this expenditure of £51,000. The committee consistod of ten menabers, six of whom were members of the Sanitary Works Committee, and only four were, practically, new to the subject. For three years the Sanitary Works Committee have had the matter under consideration se that the proposition did not come before them as merely the product of six months' thought. That was a point which, he thought, might weigh with some members of the Council. By the aid of a plan upon the walls of the Council Chamber Councillor Monks proceeded to outline the proposals em- bodied in the electric lighting scheme. On the extreme left was the entrance to the unoccupied field where it was proposed to build the works. The entrance would be from Parr-street, and the roadway went along to the right, giving access to the Electric Lighting Station. Carts would bring the ashes from the houses, and tip them on the platform, which served for the men to convey the ashes to the destructors working in connection with the boilers. There were two boilers, so that they obtained steam from the destruction of this waste product. Between these two boilers and on either side were three other hand-fire boilers. The whole block was called the boiler house, and, to exclude all dust, was cut off from the rest of the station. Then there came the dynamos, then tee switch- board, and then there were the accumulators or storage batteries, which were necessary to provide against any breakdown of the machinery. There would also be an office, workshop, air-compressing room, and testing room. A chimney would be necessary for the whole of the boilers, and between the boilers and chim- ney it was proposed to erect a Green's Economiser, to economise steam asjar as possible. There was a space left for further extensions, in the shape of two more boilers,when they became necessary. They could extend in two ways. First by taking out the small dynamos and putting in larger ones, or by extending the premises. The premises had been designed of sufficient capacity to admit of extensions for the next tea or twentyyears. Coming back to the entrance they would see a road branching off to the left and giving access to the portion under the control of the Sanitary Works Committee. It was intended to build stables for the horses now stabled at the Town Hall, loose boxes, store, mess room for the men, and an office. On the other side of the roadway would be a cart-shed, a smithy, and cooper's shep. This completed Ceuncillor Monks's bare outline of what was proposed to be done with the money. The total area of land belonging to the Corporation was about five acres, of which they only proposed to take iinrnedietely, two acres. With regard to the scheme itself the Council had had Mr. Preece's report for some months and he supposed the members were familiar with it. They expected to save at least £2OO a year by carting the refuse to Howley instead of Longford, Alderman SUTTON asked if the tenders proposed to be accepted were the lowest. Councillor MONKS replied that they were not the lowest in every case. The committee had little knowledge or experience of its own and they felt bound to take Mr. Preece's opinion with regard to the allotting of these contracts. Mr. Preece had selected those firms which he knew would do the work properly and provide an elec- tric lighting station second to none in the kingdom. lie supposed the main question before the minds of his hearers, was, would the scheme pay? On that point they were in a difficulty them- selves. The Councillors would readily under- stand that the committee bad no experience but that of other towns, where Ot0)." the conditions were not quite the same as in Warringten. If they looked at the statistics in regard to other towns they would find in the great majority of cases that work had been carried on from the commencement without any loss, and without the ratepayers being called upon to meet any deficit. The work had, generally, been carried on at a profit, but ,in a few cases it had taken one or two years to achieve such a satisfactory result. Tne Committee felt that there was every pros- pect in Warrington that the work could be carried out without any serious loss. In the second year. at any rate, they &email be able to show a profit, and he had no hesitation in recommending the proposals to the Council, for their adoption, subject to the approval et the Local Gevernment Board. With regard to Mr. Preece. added Councillor Monks, he knew nothing about him when he was recommended and felt a little acxisty on the score of his youth. He consequently made enquiries in different parts of the country and was glad to be able to say that every reply he re- ceived was satisfactory. He was aesured on all hands that the Cerporation could very safely place themselves in Mr. Preece's hands. He believed Mr. Preece bad had the assistance of his f sther in connection with this work, and Mr. Preece, sen., was considered the leading I electrician in this country, so that they had had the best advice possible. It was proposed to proceed as soon as possible, and if the work could be put in hand at once there was no reason whatever why they should not have everything ready to light the town with electricity in the winter of 1,900, and in two years show a setisfao- tory return for the investment of the money. There was another point he might mention. If the Corpora- tion could eee its way to go into the tramway scheme it I would assist them:immensely. The electric lighting station would only be kept taiey in the winter for tiehtine one-

,f 1 EEPS TiE SKIN Cal t, AHD f• FOB) /;. ely LU ves,& 3 all NBLINN, HEAT, TON & ROUSIRIESS, e• M_BEETITAM & SON. , t 6 ..ard2s.6d. CHE LT ENHAM •Y.N

FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM ECIATIOA, LUMBAGO, The Excruciating Pain is quickly reliered. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists and Stores at le, lid. and 2s. d per box.

, REFL. tit:t .vais 66. g y onti' II • 00- _pox liiM .„, -revent' Su IRRITA Bottles (1..1

===== 0002601_18990804_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
(-49--47- -41 V 47' 4,`

M

; S

S 4 ee e 4

-41P'

.D•

FIVE YEARS' WRITTEN GUARANTEE. WHY PAY £4 or £5 for a GOLD ALBERT,

When you can buy from tho

ANGLO-AMERICAN GOLD COMPANY,

- THE BEST ---

Isar. GOLD CASED manmarr FOR 4/6

With five years' guarantee. GENT'S CURB ALBERT 43. 6. - GENT'S DOUBLE ALBERT, ss. 6,1. LADY'S ALBERT ( with tassel), 43. 61. All goods sent post free. FORM OF GUARANTEE. -it to discolor and to keep its appearance for five years

the Albert Chain, No _tgly given. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE UNITED KINGDOM: THE ANGLO-AMERICAN GOLD COMPANY.) 50, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

poses, but if they could get a demand for electricity for the tramways and from works requiring motive power. the place would be occupied the whole of the time. The expenditure would be spread over an increasing number of units,and would not only help to pay standing expen4es , bat would help to a reduction of their charges. He did not see why the Electric Lighting Committee should. not supply 111[v:ors on hire just as gas committees supplied gas cookers on hire. ; Another point to be censidered. he thought, was in the paving of Wilderspool Causeway. Before it was done he thought some provision should be made for the electric current, and for the rails of the tramway system. Ths DEPUTY MAYOR secendel the proposition, and to marked tsat he had no fear of the electric light interfering with the consumption of gas. In other towns the consumption of gas has increased with the increased demand for electric tight. Alderman Simon expressed indebtedness to Coun- cillor Monks for his lucid explanation of the scheme for electrio light. He also urged Ih3 urgency of proceeding with the scheme in order that no one &se could obtain powers for an electric light supply in the town. In his own mind he had not the slightest doubt that the scheme would be a Success. Councillor Dr. Caererera, said he did claim, on this sub- ject, to have some slight knowledge (" Really," and Laughter). There were not more than two or three of them who knew the difference between electricity and ("whiskey," laughter.) horses, added the speaker. There were points on the schedule before them that he did not understand. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Dynamos he could see, and boilers he could only see note "A." He thought it was a niece of downright impertinence to ask the Council for £50,000 and only 17 members present. (Laughter.) Couocillor Grilles said he thought that there had been enough delay. He tendered his congratulations to Councillor Monks and the committee for the fine and comprehensive scheme brought forward. He was con- fident of its Success. Councillor SHAW GREEN said he supported the com- mittee in this undertaking, but mentioned the fact that there was no reference to the land upon which the pre- mises had to be built. Although they were at present the owners of the land it was not paid for, and it would have to be brought in and dealt with by the Inspector when be held the inquiry. It was also in addition to all the expenditure sanctioned by the Act of Parliament they had just obtained. Councillor Monks had shown them reasonable prospects of the electric lighting scheme becoming a source of revenue in aid of the rates. He trusted the forecast would be true, and they would look upon Councillor Monks as one of their benefac- tors. Alderman ROBERTS said he would like to say, as a mere business man without special knowledge of the technicalities of electric lighting, that he thought they were going on safe and sure lines in adopting the pro- posals so ably put forward by Councillor Monks. He thought the Council might have every confidence in the fact that in the chairman and dep ite-chairrnan of the committee they had two men who knew something about electric lighting and mechanics generally. They had gone, as commonsense people should, to the man whom they considered one of the ablest men in this particular line of business in the country. Mr. Preece had advised them all through, and they had every con- fidence in his judgment and experience. As to the pro- bable results of the scheme they had had to go to places, where the light was in operation and by the results there they had concluded that if the experiment was pro- perly arid suitably managed,hnd the people of Warring- ton appreciated the fact that they might have light in their dwelling-houses and places of business it was bound to be a success. They had learned by the experience of others that to start on too small a scale would be a gigantic blunder. In every instance it was a fact that towns had had to expend considerable additional money to cope with increasing demands. The plans before the Council that nigat had taken advantage of such experi- ences, and the scheme provided for very considerable extension. He was glad the urgent necessity of tram- ways had been mentioned. He did not know a town in England of the size and importance of Warrington that was so absolutely behindhand in means of conveyance and accommodation as Warrington. Two of the main roads would shortly be permanently paved, and it was advisable that preparations should be made for elec- tricity and tram-lines before the pavement was put down. He supported the proposals most cordially in full confidence that Warrington would avail itself of the opportunities afforded. THE CONTRACTS. Cotencillor MONKS then read out the amounts of the tenders for different portions of the work, which he pro- posed for acceptance. They were as follows : £ s.d. Buildings, C. W. Davenport ............... 21,552 0 0 Boilers, etc., Babeock and Wilcox ......... 5,588 0 0 Engines and Dynamos Bruce, Peebles, and Company. Elinburgh ............ 6,788 0 0 Condensers (postponed for further con- sideration) about ... Steam and Feed Pipes,Clayton Engineers i• 'Company. - -

BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

The return engagement in the ai,nua.l meeting be- tween the above counties wam hill over the green ad- jacent t) the Trafford Hotel, Chester-rod, Manchester, on Saturday. The match opened at ChapAtown, near Leeds, on Saturday. 17,tifJune' when the homeside gainei a victory by 46 points. The Yorkshire team arrived in Manchester early on Saturday, and were per. mitted an hour's practice prior to play being commenced. During the earlir porticn of the engagc. ment the home team found their hands full in en- deavouring to prevent Yorkihire from extending the majority they brought with them from Chapeltowr., which at the close of the sixth game had risen from 46 to 60 points. Towards the middle of the encounter this had been reduced to 50, leaving Yorkshire in a better position than when they arrived on the green. The heavy win made by the Lincashite champion acted All a war cry to those who st,ll had to eeter toe lists, aud a run of successes resulted. Gradually the adverse balance was reduced, and then extinguished. After a brief ' break in the Lancashire su cenes, during which York- shire recovered 14 shots, winning games went on until the teams bad played out, when iv was found the home side had scored a victory by 32 on the aggregate. Mr. R. Williamson (Withingt:m) acted as referee, and was assisted by Mr. J. Hoy,tead (Cobden), and Mr. J. Craven (Chgeltown). Details : LA.NCASHIRE. ZOIXIMIRE. J J Meakin. president J W G Coombs vice-pres... 21 J W Pickles, vice-pry' l7 W Collier, Leigh... l5 W Parkinson, Hirfield 2l H Fellows, Prestwich... 20 J Ii Haigh, Primrose Hill 21 P Fielding, Broughton 2l 0 Hirst, Huddersfield ..... D Lowe, Strellord l3 3 Royston, Huddersfield 21 A J Jones, Warton N 2l E LI e Thompaon,Mirfie:d 11. J Warburton, Tyldes.ey 2l A Brook, cpen Victeria 18 W W Wells, Wallington 2l 8 Itamsden, Clifton 16 8 Jones, Harpurhey ll A Roebuck. Taylor Hill k.l J Stewart, Old Trafford 2l A Whitehead, Dewsbury 19 J Hopewell, Withington 21 W Boyne. ChaPeltown— 9 W Wilson, Scottish J Isherwood, Leigh T Turnbull, Radcliffe 2l W Spencer, Eltand A Twigs, Stretford.. H Dawson, Prestwich 2l 3 Tomlinson, C1ift0n...... 9 J 0 Howe, Withtngton 2l J Walker, Havensthorpe 20 R Ratcliffe. Leigh l5 B Eastwood, Clifton 2l Jasherwood. Radcliffe ...... 21 If Carter, Span l7 A Chappell, Broughton l3 G Wilks, Waterloo 2l J Gleave.South warringt'n 21 H Savory, Cleekheaton 17 Codling,Cobden 2l 3 Lowe. Wakefield l3 R Williamson, Wallington 21 3 We,t, Taylor Hill l7 W Stewart, o,d Trafford... 21 A Verity, Dewsbury F Young, Old Trafford ...... 21 W Kitson, Brighouse 5

ing Overhead Travelling Crane, Carrtck and Ritehie Switch Board, Jamns White, Glasgow ... 1,158 0 0 Storage Batteries, Chloride Battery Co 1,550 0 0 Cable and Conduits, British Insulated Wire Company Are Lamps and Posts, Johnson and Phillips The proposals were confirmed, and the Council rose.

4P. .-It 0'

r?,t

"F 8 ‘l/4. • We herebv guarantee it. a new one will be williny

44.0_ SOLD BY AGENTS EVERYWHERE. 1 KteSLN § Nri7,777.y;...' ,1.,:4,? 3..;,,,,0, k. 4.-I t.-4if eV 4„.5.,i, § #:.....;7] c',:.-;;7...z• li :,,' ,'.,',.,\ § iZ) N;:• ''' V 4) 4 4 .42 L--,-,,c.• ‘ A,,),,,,,. § e•!;:ek. V ~i ',- 4,, . , § 4 (4 SEE SIGNATURE a REGISTERED TRADE-MARK 4 ON EVERY PACKET. 4P- 4V4P-4' 41P AP' 46P'

===== 0002601_18990804_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
S §

===== 0002601_18990804_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
4 493 15 SMITH'S WIRE WORKS v. FIRTH WIRE MATTRESS CO. This match took place at Liateacre on Saturday. Re- sult :

WITH'S WIRE wouks. rim/ 2.o.Trami Co. 10 A Mather 11 J Raybould 11 F Baker 6 J Irilleook T Ashton 1 • TWI Warns ll J Weldon 4 J Highain R Whitfield ll J Mover 4 F Savage 7 J Thomason JAshton ........................ 11 J Osborne J Howard ll J Davies ... ..................... 10 B Clare H Knight JHough 3 W 04111ele ................ ..... 11 J Clare W Nash ll 11 jeuks ........................ & H Daintith ll ton ... .................. 0 JT Boardman ll j Hartley ..................... 4 P Whittaker ll Golding ..................... .. 0 J Sudlow ..................... 11 B Allen T Clare --

_ 214 US Majority for Smith's, 76. VIADUCT INSTITUTE v. SAYDOCK. Played at Earleste wn on Saturday. Score : INSTITUTE. HA I'DOCY. James Lee l5 J Show 8 J Mitchell .. 15 J Bolrdman j Booth 15 J Caries ........................ 13 J Sayage 15 H Piling ......... . ....... . ... 5 J Barlow 15 J Tither ........................ 13 T Mather ItW saves l5 B Hardman .................. 11 Sherlock ...... G Butler l5 W Pedley J Bedworth .................. 15 J Hdbelden F Mottram ..................... 15 J Millington a A Clough ........................ 15 A s haw J Owen ........................ 15 T Davies T Compton ..................... 15 W Twist 8 3FI Ashcroft ..................... 14 J Livesloy l5 Spencer ..................... 10 1' Heaton .. .... 15 4 Jones ........................ 9 J Hamilton

JOHN WALKER AND CO. ARTISTIC PRINTERS

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINI'MG FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRLNTING FOR CHURCHES,

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTthG FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICI MRS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRIN I'ING FOR BUILDING SOCIE'I IRS. PRIMING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTINCT FOR TRADESMEN,

ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED and Baund in any Style.

LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, • RBCELPF BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

EX A M INE R " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
_ 4

Ett erimintrr" ?trtes

ON LANCLSKIE AND OREBIIIRE COUNTY NEWSPYPET.I9:

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT itTISCELLANEotre WANTS. MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. /8 27 . 36 ... is Od ... 2s 6d ... 4s Od 45 is 6d ... 3s 8d ... 6s Od

lontttrOntanW,

Oldham.

Comprises 'THE Warrington and Atid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- shed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Bt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday -1 morning

WANTBD, GII7TER.A.L SERVANT.—AppIyALBERT 'HOTEL, 4, Bank-road, Bootle, Liverpool.

XXI /VICTIM. General RRRVANT ; for small dairy farm ; VT • two in fmily.—Apply, R. BATE, Tarporley. WANTED, good GRRERAL.—AppIy Mr. Rusnworas, Horse and loc4ey, Winwiek-road, Warrington.

'WANTED, GIRL. early riser; fond of children.—Apply by letter Mrs. W. FURNESS, Fern Lea, Great Sankey.

WANTED, General SERVA.E'T :18 to 20 years of age.-1 Oxioah AVENUE, Cavendish-road, Eccles, Blanches

WANTED,GeneraI SERVANT for family of three. Apply, personally or by letter.—MOUNT PLEASANT. Glaze- brook.

QOOD SERVANTS of all kinds will find comfortable homes by app'ying to 28, AIBEET-STREET. Mumps,

GIRL WANTED. about 14 or 15, to assist with house- work.—Honon, 25. Murray-street, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED. GRNItItAL. not over 26. for small family ; nurse IcFpt. —5, BELTON TERRACE, Norman-road, Ilusholme, Manchester.

NV'ANTBD COOK GENERAL, about 24, where another is kept; good wages.-17, WHITELOW-ROAD, Charlton- cum-Bardy, Manchester.

WANTSD, usEful young GENERAL ; must be revectable T and fond of children, at once.—Mrs. H., 32, PRINCESS- ROAD. Urmston Manchester.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED. strong GIRL. good references. able to wash. about 18: good home; good wages.-9, BARLOW • MOOR-ROAD, Didsbnry, Manchester.

WANTED. GENERAL. 20; small family; very comfort- able place ; good liberty.—Reference and full particu- ars to Mrs. BROOKE, Welrake, Rocbdale

WANTED COOK-GENERAL; four in family ; age 19 to 22 ; wages £l4-215 ; washing; housemaid kept.--Mrs O'Biuvi. Bosley Vicarage, Macclesfield, Cheshire..

WANTED at once good GENERAL. fowl of children; early riser; good wages; good home for suitable person.—?. RENDLL-STREET, ff Paciihtm-road, Burnley.

WANED, two tall, superior SHHVANTS. about 20; one VT Parlour and Housemaid, other part house and kitchen maid ; two friends preferred.—Miss butvson, 5, Plymouth Grove, Manchester.

- QERVAN E WAN D TE, young General for small fa,mily ; 1,7 Protestant ; good character indispeneable.—Write, stat- ing age, experience, and reference,.—E ARBIITAGE, 241, Port- land-street, Southport. .

MALE and F ALE NURSES 11CTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liverpool.—Estabbshed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegriph.—•,: Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

===== 0002601_18990804_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be let.

PBNKRTH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALL&M-LANR.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent

ElO. MILL-,TREElr.—Several Suites offices. 17, GEE STREET. rent 53 per week. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent Is. 16, WELLINGTON STRBET, rent 53. &pply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wat rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.- 61,PRIESTLEY-tirREET,WARRINGTON.gOOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. H. Lowz, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

PO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE , rents 4s. Apply .1 WOODS & SON, solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warring- ten.

'PO LET.—LARGE BOOM, Crford-street ; rent £2O J. Apply WOODS & SON, Collators, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. _ SHOP TO LET.—Good position, main thoroughfare; suit any light trade; rent VA.—Apply 49, HIGS-STBEET, Golborne.

P-PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— I Apply WOODS at SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rpo LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOll over, in Orfori-st., rent £l3.—Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

ROUSH TO Ma. Padgate-lane, 2 Lobbied Sitting Rooms. 3 Bedrooms, Bath, 83 Clear.—TsomAs HARD- Orford-road. Padgate.

QHOP. corner of Earle-street and Longford-street, TO LET_ 0 with or without the house uart, suitable for draper butcher, or hardware dealer.—Apply FURNESS LTD., Warring ton.

15s A SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY.

THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH

COMPANY,

72, M RKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. e E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. S cretary : Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE. 13, LEGS-STREET, (oft Sankey-street). Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7. At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exactly opposite the Market.

CYCLE AGENTS.

Our i llustrated Trade Catalogue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes. Cycles. Frames, Wheels, Fittiags Cups, Cones, Saddles. Lamps, ACCESSORIES OF ALL RINDS. Also. CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see

THE RELIANCF: CYCLE.

- Note—" lI%Alt of oiv well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTBE.D TIVNLVE MONTHS.

Come t the Fountain Head,

- WELDLESS TUBE AND CYCLE CO. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DIIKE-STERKT. 7,009 City Depot, 17. MANCHESTEr-STREET. - Repair. and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, LIVERPOOL

W. B. SWEETMAN'S

HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Prevenfative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

THE SENSATION OF 199 • FIRST GRADB £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPU (AR " BBB' £B 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., IA, WAVERT.REE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and PressSOPinions Post Free.

puELIMIN-AR Y . .....

ANNDUNCEMENTS

AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY, GRAND UNITED BAND OF HOPE DEMONSTRATION AND GALA IN VICTORIA PARK, WARRINGTON. WM. WOODS. G. MORRELL. Hon. Secs.

6, Hacever-:treet.

apartmentO, & eurniaeb Tiousts.

DLACKPOOL.—Apartments for a select few. Moderate charges.—Mies CONWA.Y. 21. Keswick-road.

nOUGLAS.—Misses ATI-THRTON, Rookwood, 12, Derby square, two minutes from promenade, beds 2s; full board 5s per day.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMBNTS, three minutes from Cen- tral Station.—Mrs. TAYLOR, Kirk View, Bethesda-road, off Central-drive.

CONTINUED GREAT PROSPERITY OF PITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MAN C HESTER. Just past Station Tip °ugh Railway Arc.

pITTS'S STILL PURSUE THE PATH OF PRO- GRESS, their Turnover for the last three month, ex- ceeding that of the same period last year by over £3,000, and and that of 1897 by over £4.000. Evidently the Public full appreciate the extraordin try efforts put forth by PITTS'S, whose sole desire is to offer Goods of undoubted excerenee and reliability at lowe4t possible prices.

PITTS'S ARE FURNISHING EXPERTS, having devoted a lifetime to mastering the multitudinous Intricacies of the Cabinetmakers and Upholsterers' Arts. What PITTS'S may not know about Furnishing is not worth learning. Verily P/TTS'S have been " through the mill," both figuratively and literally, and so obtained the essential experience which only ac-ual participation in the practical working can give. Anything—no matter what—in the shape of Furnishing comes within the scone or PITTS'S, be it a large mansion that requires equipping throughout in the most luxurious manner with the costliest materials and finest workmanship, or a humble cottage needs furnishing, they are equally simple to PITTS'S.

pITTS'S INSTITUTED ECONOMICAL FURNISH- ING. Before the advont of this renowned firm more than half a century ago, it was utterly impossible to pur- chase anything like a decent house of furniture for less than two or three hundred pounds. But now, thanks to PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI PURE at 15i, 22i, 281. 34, 50, 75, and 103 guineas, a very good show can be made and a comfortable and ta teul haino obtained for a. comparative trifle. Year in year out purs's have adver- tised these Houses of Furniture as the VERY BEST VALU OBTAINABLE, so that at present. within fifty mites of Manchester, there is hardly a town or village that does not contain th:m.

DITTS'S MAKE A POINT OF ALWAYS OFFER- ING only such goods at' can be depended upon. Articles that will be a credit not only to their possessor, but also to the firm that supplied them. Whether an order be great or small the utmost care and attention is bestowed upon it. consequently one customer atter anotier is pleased and satisfied, and recommends PITTeVi with the inevitable result that PITTb' 3 Trade grows greater and greater.

pITTS'S ARE DISTINGUISI-114.1D BY THE 1_ VIGOUR and boldness of initiative—no enterprise being too great for them—the unvarying quality and dura- bility of their wares and the thorough soundness of their business metho s. These cumbinerl have enabled PITTS'S to brush aside all feeble and ineff ?ctual attemp a at com- petition. And now PITTS'S stand in a I osition by them- selves. and are justly entitled to be proclaimed by Press and Public. the Largest, Best and Cheapest General Furnishers.

PITTS'S' HAV 41 GAINED THE PROUD POSITION they oocupy by dint of undeviating atten- tion to the minutest details. Prom day to day during the last fifty four years Purnishilsg problems have been con- stantly arising. These PITTS'S have solved, and this accumulated experience PITTS'S freely offer for the benefit of their numerous customers. Then why not stire in it by giving PIT rs's your order instead of placmg it in the hands of incowpetents who will only make a " mull "of it, whilst charging double PITTS'S price.

TDITTS'S NEW lULUSTKATED FURNISHING GUIDE. is universally recognised as the handsomett and most comprehensive extant. It contains 700 extremely artistic designs. each article being pricel, and shows clearly HOW TO SAVII FIFTY PICK CENT. Forwarded post free Cash Prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrang- ment.

DITTS'S BEDSTEADS, CARPETS, PIANOS, 1_ CYCLES, Bassinettes. Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen- ware.—Magnificent selection. Guarsnteed great swing.

PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- WM—Every description of Bookcases, Secret Aires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Sates, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

SAMUEL PITTS, Established 1346 LONDON-ROAD (.jut past Station). MANCHESTER, Ardwiek, Longsight, anti Belle Vile Cats pass the door.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

THEit PION. Thi This popularisuc c ersesinf ueld v and ais' i gehml ptoyed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan, Jobet. Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for Impurity ol the blood, spots, blotches, p-ins and swell- ings ot the joints, kidney, bladder. and urinary diseases stricture, discharges piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu• manna, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervcals and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLTORDIQUARE, LONDON, W.O.

;.t3,,itits Op Citation.

By MR. THOMAS TUNSTALL

DIME COD LIVES OIL. direct from the Manufacturer. 1 Warranted pure. In bottles. containing pint and had, 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for large quantities.— R. CommDoE, Fish docks. Grimsby. Established 1884.

SEASIDTL—Send at once for list of Premier Patent Week- End Folding Boxes, to hold all your luggage. Prices from Is. each, complete with leather strap. A marvel of chlapness. Agents wanted in every town.—PEEMIER Box Co, LTD., Hulme, Manchester.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHASTUR. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse Excrement from Pail Closets, • BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots witnin 100 miles, at per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the seasou to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford i -rd. Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

S•P.Q•R•

SMALL PRICE! - QUICK REMEDY! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIO‘USNWSS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BlLlotiS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. Wheu in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, ltfd. Sold by • BOOTS IL/ASH CHEMIUS,

(Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of nd. 13r CTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS.

HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGRAiI. JESSIII BOOT. Managing Director, Local Addresses: 35, BRIDUE STREET,

FREDAY„ AUGUST 4, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Otoittp.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

SUFFERING from Ner--ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamPhlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The mellhod is easy and pleasant. end will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Ben reeled, post free. Address—

SoitTON. 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O listcolished 30 Years.

J. MARSH, 39, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMIST

LARGEST,

CHEAPEST.

From small beginnings this firm has built up a splendid r _putation with the public for supplying pure drugs of the best quality at re- formed prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, 35, BRIDGE STREET. . WARRINGTON.

Is essentially a shareholders' company. Customers are share- holders and shareholders are customers—a judicious combina- tion.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, MARKET GATE,

WARRINGTON.

Our immense turnover enables us to supply fresh drugs daily to all our branches—an important consideration where drugs are concerned.

BOOTS, CASSE CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

The most improved and modern surgical appliances of all types at reasonable prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. 93,]80LD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

The Picneers of reformed prices in the drug trade,

BOOTS, CASH CILFMISTS, 11-13, LONDON-ROAD, LivEßrooL.

Physicians' Prescriptions pre- pared at all branches by chemists fully qualified under Pharma- ceutical Society's examination.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, I, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

For Patent Medicines. Toilet Requisites, Household Remedies, at their well-known Reduced Prices.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, 111, COUNTY-ROAD, WALTON, LIVIIRPOOL.

Our Prices en,ble customers to use thr3 best quality of Drugs, being in many cases less than has to be paid elsewhere for inferior kinds.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, 203, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

£1 spent with us buys as much as 300. or 40s. spent at ordinary old-fashioned chemist.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, 14. WEST DE -.BY-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

We go carefully through the stock at all branches at short intervals, an d any drugs that are not selling, or getting in any way spoiled, are withdrawn.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTR, 420, STANLEY-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

Compare our system with that of the old-fashioned chemiAs, many of whom have had articles In stock for years and years.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS,

(WESTERN), LIMITED, HEAD OFFICE— OTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director,

COOPER &ND CO'S

TEAS. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. --PEAS. BOLD THE LEADING POSITION. TEAS. REPRESENT THE BEST VALUE. TEAS. GIVE GREATEST SATISFACTION. TEAS. OF SUPREME EXCELL7.NCE.

We have many thousands of rulir customers. and vfili. know from past experience that those wh) try our TIVIS fig the first time generally becotne, constant users. We have every confidence in t 11.3 WO-th of our TEAS. SU° past resu.ts justify the high opinion of their value. UNEQUALLED FOR

PURITY,

)m. AND FR.::03,1NC1.1.

LEADING PIZIJES I. 21)., ts. 4g., b. J., 15. 80-

AND 1.5.. 10!)., per lb.

LOCAL 13 It ANC H, B UTTZI7.IIA.RICET

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Velephone No, 7056,

Talephone No. 7056.

AEOLUS CYCLES. Before purchasing your Cycles, you will do well to Inspect these FAMOUS MAnHINES which are unequalled in QUALITY and FINBH. Quaranteed Best Bniilish Manufacture Special Road Racer, £l2 10s. Manufacturers—

WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STRHET, LIVIIRPOOL. he Orighial Inventors and Patentees of the Bel Hearings

as applied to Cycles throughout the World. WORKS : SUMER.LAVE, BIRMINGHAM.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES

CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, F.S.M:C.,

CONSULTING- OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR.

EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72 SANKEY T., W S _ ARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTHPORT.

• THE EXAM EN E.U.

AUGUST 4th 1899.

IT will take time to as- The Church and the Judgment. certain what has been the effect of the Lambeth judgment, or whatever it may ba more accurately„ BtYled, upon the Church and people. The cieci- ion as to incense and lights is excellent on paper. it is only morally binding upon anybody, and

Where incense and -lights have been habitually nsed, with the full assent of the people worshipping at a given place, who may or may not be all Darishioners, it is not easy to see why any oh ange should be made. A strong clergyman may ask himself why he should obey what is not a legal de- eision, and why he should not persist in his con- duct until someone takes him to task. This atti- tude, however, would be quite inconsistent with the views held by High Churchmen, who prefer an ecclesiastical to a lay tribunal, and who have inti- izated their desire to follow the decisions of their ecclesiastical superiors. Still it may be said that the two Archbishops did not constitute a legal and an ecclesiastical court. Probably it may be afte time before any general movement is visible Leaders count for something in these matters, and the leaders of the entire High Church movement, and of the English Church 'Union in particular, have yet to pronounce their opinions. Doubtless they are in a difficult tactical position. They have ciamo•ired for an ecclesiastical pronouncement, 1111c1 here it is. They have confessed a readiness to obey their Metropolitans. On the other hand, it raay be said that these decisions savour more of expediency •than of principle, and that they amount to a concession to the Protestant party, the Erastians, in the interests of peace and tem- Porary contentment. It looks as if Vlq reservation of the Sacrament might be also condemned. What then, is the vary High Church party to do? Is 4t to temporise once more, and to openly allhinit, whilst seeking for the development of Priestliness in other directions? The Protestant Party seems ready to take the Lambeth ,statement as if it were valid and substantial, mak- ing it the basis of further agitation against Ritua- lism. The demand now is that the Bishops shall enforce the law, meaning thereby whatever is not either enjoined or permitted in the Prayer-book. KENSIT'S letter in yesterday's "Times "shews that he takes the Lambeth statement as a full justification for the past and an encouragement tor the future. "We are quite calm," he writes, ." but fully determined that the Romanising prac- tices so log indulged in shall cease, and in this We carry with us the great mass of the Protestant 'country." "in over three hundred constituencies We have electoral rolls pledging voters to put their Protestantism as a front plank in the coming flreneral Election." But Disestablishment is neither advocated nor believed in. What will such voters ,(1° When they have to choose between a Disestab- 4iahmentarian and a Ritualist or a nonErastian ? Thatis a case which will constantly occur. The • aitUation is thus interesting and complicated.

HALF the pleasure of life is Adventures to the said to consist of the unusual, Adventurous. the extra, the adventurous. Ihe hard-worked professional man risks his life in 41Pine climbing, or he tries his hand at boating, Yachting, driving, cycle touring. The city folk, W4O never have the chance of gaining much ex- Perience in out-of-the-way occupations, get up rocks and are unable to get down again, exhaust themselves in walking tours, or run all the risks inseparable from travelling in a country whose language they cannot speak, and whose manners :lOU customs they do not understand. The result- Lng adventures are manifold. They are supposed tot bo a part of the pleasure of holiday-making. 'f nothing unusual happened, what must be the (ivantage of sight-seeing, of foreign travel, °r of visiting unknown places? Probe- -1311/ the English people are as well to the front in these matters as any other people in the world. They like adventure for its own sake, 1-14 not for the sake of any knowledge acquired .t(mn it, or any gain in other respects. Accord- ingly there are more Englishmen in difficulties road during the holiday season than any other ecnntrymen. These difficulties involve detention, 4..oEnetimes imprisonment and fines, troubles with 'he railway and customs officials, enforced resi- tlenee in strange places until more money is ob- :ined from hcme, appeals to the British Consul ; the Ambassador, and endless other shifts, acci- °tits, annoyances, and perils. It will be readily tlciraitted by the Germans and the French that 'e37 have more troubles with British tourists than th any.other. They have an innate faculty for v,°itg the wrong thing abroad, saying the 111.°11g thing to an officious person, and mis- 114er5tan3ing the simplest instructions. A f!ve of adventure is the stimulating passion, and tut' the next two months or so it will be gratified i 4 he full. Even when in their own land, the b,°O'lish, Scotch, and Irish visitors will seek the t,4raordinary in some way or other. The odd 04,1,ngs that tourists do are unaccountable on any I:4er theory. They seem to be insane things to 8t other ptople, and when foreigners most 0 .toshmen abroad, and freely express their atl3inion about them to their own countrymen,they frequently heard summing up the case by say- -117 • "They are mad !" In a way, this is true. the World bears witness to our mad exploits, and i4t colonies we have acquired, developed,and made the independent communities, are a testimony to dness of the few for the gain of the many. 40543 islands were never intended to coop up the 4,ietgies of a people in whom so many strains of venturous blood have combined. Scratch the

===== 0002601_18990804_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
, _

Briton, and you find the Viking. One result of this adventurous, forth-going spirit is that 'our holiday accidents are more frequent and numerous than occur in any other country of the world. Just now we are realising the fact, and insisting upon all sorts of precautions, wise enough in them- selves. But the love of adventure, how can that be curbed?

Colonel Elsdale's paper in the "Nineteenth Cen- tury," entitled "Why are our brains deteriorat ing ?" begs the question. We fancy he will not find many people to agree with him in his initial premiss. He argues that becadic there is such a tendency among educationists:nowadays to develop the receptive faculties, therefore the cre,itive faculties, even if awaiting the ripening process, must be neglected, and in the end must tend to decrease in power throughout mankind generally. Disuse, of course, produces impotence, but the dis- tinction between the receptive and creative parts of the brain is not clearly enough marked to make the analogy a safe one. And where are the actual signs of brain deterioration F We have invented the X rays, discovered argon, the cinematograph, the application of electricity, and a wealth of con- trivances useful to mankind. In literature, just now, it must be confessed that creative power has not ascended to notableheights. Bat we are only passing through the usual cycle of eclipse—a cycle which has regularly appeared and disappeared since the golden Elizabethan age. This is true of the arts generally, though we fancy that future generations will not think the eclipse so complete and the darkness so dense as many of us at present affect to believe.

There was a good deal that was ridiculous in the resolution brought before the Wesleyan Conference by the Rev. T. Champness affirming that no Christian man should be a manufacturer or seller of intoxicating liquor, and, fortunately, the Con- ference refused to accept so sweeping a declara- tion. Had it done so, Wesleyans would, not un- justly, have been looked upon as a singularly bigoted body of men. Some of us may perhaps see some inconsistency in a man who professes Christianity and yet reaps a rich harvest from the sale of intoxicating liquor, but to say that no Christian man should be either a maker or seller of it would be exceeding the bounds of reason and common sense. There is a legitimate demand for alcoholic drink—as well as an illegitimate one—and surely the Rev. T. Champness does not require that sinners only shall be entitled to supply that demand. If h does, we should like to know how the acknowledge° or proven sinners are to be procured. .Such resolu- tions as this do much more harm than good. They tend to bring the cause of temperance and tem- perance workers into disrespect and ridicule, and at the same time alienate people whose sympathies may be on the side of temperance, but who will have nothing to do with teetotalism of such a rabid form. No greater blunder can be made that to push the crusade against strong drink to such an extreme, and advocates of these drastic measures only defeat their own ends by introducing -them. Teetotalism never will be- come universal,and temperance itself must rely for its general acceptance on a judicious education and elevation of the people—or in other and familiar words, " persuasion rather than force."

===== 0002601_18990804_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
_RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPONDENT.]

The Fishing Club's match on Sa-turday was a delightful exhibition—and if those ardent anglers depended upon the product of the line for their dinner—why, like the sailor, they would have to be content with taking in a" reef" and with imagining the gusto with which they masticate' their " catch." The first prize was won with 2 ounces 1 drachum and the second with 2 ounces of fisbor rather eels. Nothing else would bite.

An object lesson was afforded those present at the meeting of the Runcorn Co-operative Society on Tuesday night, and the wonder is,that shareholders allow their chairman to be "bamboozled "in the manner he was, and tormented to death with use- less question& I should think a certain gentleman from "across the streak "asked about 50 questions concerning the balance theet—the nett result of his questions however was that not a single figure on the balance sheet was affected. Clearly the part of obstructionist was his. I would suggest that Mr. Fitzpatrick,—if he desires to serve the interests of the Co-operative Society bests—would exercise his privilege as a shareholder of inspecting the books himself and when he finds anything of real moment ventilate it. The discussions he gave rise to on Tuesday were to say the least, frivolous and un- called for.

Mr. T. Watson also diseovered a mare's nest—he had discovered that the committee had in its inner workings a " clique Naturally the inference was that this "clique" was militating against the inter- ests of the society. Re was asked in the face of the meeting to name his " clique " but did not. Still he adhered to the statement that one existed. Individually the other eleven members denied that they were party to any"clique"—and as Mr. Scragg put it, they had their characters to maintain, and did not like such an unsubstantiated statement floating about. Thus it would appear that Mr. Wat- son considers an opposition of 11 to one a "clique " and, that, simply because some of hi a pet theories concerning the ad vantage of a "week to week " chairman have been opposed.

Where do we stand? The inestion has been dis- cussed and the matter decided,so to speak,but with such reservation and circumspection that we just stand where we were. The park—the play grJund —the recreation ground—call it what you will, looks as if it going to be hampered:as much as possible. The bogie of expense is raised; though it is admitted that such an acquisition for £4OOO ie not to be picked up every thy. My advice to the council would be—go ahead with it. "he who hesi- tates is lost " and the same thing applie3 to coun- cils. Ido not like the passing ot the resolution with the" hedging "it has; and would suggest that a book and the plan of the scheme be laid open in the Town Hall for the ratepayers to go and put their signatures either in favour or against its immediate acquisition. And if the majority are for it, why "let 'em 'ave it."

I learn that it is the intention of the promoters of the Park Scheme also to provide baths for the town, and that too out of what they are able to save from the £4,000 which was tte figare esti- mated as the price of the Heath and Comtuop and the Hill. The angwested site of the bathe is the overflow "pit" near the waterworks, which, for a little cost, could be easily converted into an open- air bath.

From the line of argument taken up at the Coun- cil it would appear that an idea is prevalent that the Council will be allowed to borrow money piecz- meal to carry out a scheme piecemeal, Yet not- withstanding what the law clerk state l they might legally be able to do, they will be morally bound,if :they borrow that money at all, to US3 it for the purpose represented. Now I would a.,k where is the economy in proaristinatioe and small sums ?—We ,all know that business is beat transacted with the successful manipulation of large sums borrowed advantageously, and courage- ously applied; and it is rather on these lines the Council must proceed than the other. No fault is found with the scheme—it is admittedly AU all- round good one—and as it was to be carried out with a view to rp-,renchtnent where neces4ary, it would hare COM 4 under rather than over the esti- mate. I should like to sea the Council. or at least some of its members,take their stand by the scheme, and propose its definite acceptanca or rejection.

In connection with the scholarship' scheme of the Runcorn Institute Day Schools the Runcorn Co-operative Society have given three scholarships of the Yalu() of .t 1 7s 01 each. Dr. AfcLennan and Mr. P. Beck have eich promised a guinea a year for two years, which is very gratifying.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CITURCHES.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A.

Llst Sunday's meeting was led by tho Society's Presi- dent, Rev. John Yonge---who laid -before the assembly some plans of aggressive work to be taken up in the coming autumn. Mr. A. Corney addrelsed the meeting on "The relation of the mountains to the plain," inspir- ingly applying the subj int to the human life.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY AUGUST 4, 1899

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN SALVATION ARMY CORPS. The members of the above corps had their annual trip to Overton Hills on Monday, when a delightful day was spent. A. capital tea was also provided.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MERSEY MISSION RECREATION FIELD.

The attractions at the Mersey actission Recreation field still afford diversion for hundreds of the townspeople. Oa Saturday night last the Runcorn Volunteer Baud, under the conductorship of Mr. Outhwaito, discour:ed an excellent programme of dance music which was taken full advantage of by numerous young people— and by the way some of them finished dancers too. The other 4ttraotloos were foatball, swings, balloon accents, and races for boys and youths,

===== 0002601_18990804_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE ALARM AT RUNCORN.

The Runcorn Fire Brigade turned_ out smartly on Friday night, when a fire was reported to have broken out at the house of Mr. Walter Jones, Victoria-road. Upon reaching the house, however, the Brigade found their services were not re.qiiired, a. 3 the outbreak had been nipped in the bud through the prompt action of some nelghbours. It appears that the nurse was lighting the gas when one ot the children becoming possessed of the matc!4es set fire, accidentally, to th 9 curtains. The damage was but slight being estimated at 123. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH CHOIR

The adult member of tots choir had toei lannual out- ing on Saturday. Bakewell was the place v•sited. Oa arriving at their destination, conveyances took theparty to Chatsworth louse, which is very rich in hist mical associations, and contains many art treasures. These attractions were greatly appreciated. Dinner was served at the Rutland dote!, and after doing full justice to the repast, a visit was paid to Haddon Hall, another fine historical mansion. After tea the party returned, and Runcorn was reached in good time. An extremely enjoyable outing was the experience of all who pa.rtici- plated._

===== 0002601_18990804_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE L. AND N.W. R. AND TaE HOLIDVIS.

There being some misuncOrstanding as co tie suspen- sion of the cheap excursion bookings on the L. and N. W. Railway Company's ,line, we took the troube Co ascer- tain the true state of affairs,and were given the follow- ing announcement : —"All excursion bookiegs from stations on the L. and NW. Railway will b® su,penried on Saturday, August sth,bat the cheap week end tickets issued on Friday the 4ta will be available for retain on Sunday, riutht 63h, (where train service permits) and on the following Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
A Swlam OF BEES AT RI7NCORN.

About two o'clock on Woclaeslay afternoon, a swarm of bees was noticed flying down Brunswick•rreet, Run- corn. The queen bee alighted on the corner of a cop.ng- stone of an unoccupiod house, and was at once sue- rounded by her followers. Mr. Stormont, tuirsery gar- dener, High-street, en leavaured to hive the swarm ia a box. 0 wing to the awkward poiitica they occupied, he was unable to do so for some considenble time, but eventually succeeded in hiving them. The unusui,l sight attracted large numaers of people.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Tang ART CLAMS'S SOCIAL AT RUNCORN.

The art claises were brougnt to a terminaloio on Thursday by a social evening, in the art room which had been nicely decoratffl for the occasion. Toe Scudenta Glee Party opened the programme, and songs were ren- &red by 311i,;s Taylor and Mr. J. H. Hutchings. Piano- foiti solos were contributed by Mr. Karelia Bu3kley, and Miss C. Forrester, and Mr. r. Clare gave a recita- tion. The remainder of the evening was occupied in 4ames and dancing. The catering was admirably at- tended to by Misses Smith, vViswall, Tatters, Cameron, and others. The company accorded a hearty vote of thanks t 3 the ladies on the motion of Mr. J. H. Hutch- ings, seconded by Mr. T. Care. A very pleasant evening was brought to a close about half past ten.

DUKE'S CLUB FRIENDLY SOCIETY. -JUVENILE TRIP• TO

OVERTON.

The juvenile members of this well-known Club had their sEcond annual excursion to Overton Hills oa Satur- day last. The party left the Club Room, Sation-road, about 2.30 p.m. in a large wagonette, and on arrival at Mersey View were regaled with a splendid tea. Afzer tea the youngsters competed for a number of prizes, and otherwise enjoyed themselves. The children were accompanied by a few friends, and the party arrived safe home about 8.30 p.m., and everyone appeared thoroughly satisfied with the outing. The whole of the expenses for the juveniles were defrayed by voluntary contributions, and the arrangements were most effici- ently carried out by Messrs. W. Hoxworth and G. S. Hollingworth. RUNCORN ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION. —FISHING MATCH.

The fishing match under the auspices of toe Runcorn Anglers' Association, which took place in the club waters at Runcorn, last Saturday, was not largely at- tended ; and owing t 3 the brightness of the day but poor sport was enjoyed. The captain was Mr. A. Green. The first prize (a half guinea fly rod) was won by Mr. Jo.eph Handley,vrith 2 ounces one dram ot fish ; and the se3ond (fishing basket and tackle) was secured by Mr. James Duttan with 2 ounces ot fish, the rest of the company did not so much as get a bite." This, however, is by no means a criterion of the quantity of fish in the club waters, for the other day one of the members secured a blaket of 35 roach, and on Monday morning a basket of 12 or 13 roach, and half a &zee eels were secured.—The next match we un- derstand takes place up the Dee on the 16:h of August, and inithis event several lady members are expected to taku part. SONS OF TEMPERANCE CHURCH PARADE AT WESTON.

"Nil Desperandum " is the very appropriate name of the Weston Tent of the Sons of Temperance, and from the flourishing condition of the Weston upholders of Temperance one would think that " despair " was furthorest from them, and that they are well-eamed. Last Sunday, the members of the Weston division, sW,h a few friends from Runcorn, and several officers of Mr Grand Division, had an enjoyable Church Parade. Leaving their club room at about 10.15 p.m.,they formed in procession (about 100 strong) and after parading the principal streets of the village entered tne beautiful Church of S. John the Evangelis%where a special divine service was conducted for them by the Rev. W. H. Stables, M.A. The specialesermon WM founded on the words (from the sermon on the mount) "Ye are the light of the world . . . A. city set upon an hill can- not be hid," and was a vigorous attack upon intemper- ance, which clearly disclosed that the Sons of Temper- ance, with a policy so definite as theirs most eventually he appreciated.—Amongst those present were :=Me-srs Thomas Cooke, G.W.P., T Holt, G.S..—Moores, G C., (grand divisional officers); F W Fitton, W.P.,James Dun. eavin, W.A., S Dodd, F.S., J Brown, R S., W Eltalehurst J.S.,(officers of the Nil Desperlndum Division); and Bros. Clarke, Johnson. Holt, and Key (from the Runcorn Division).—ln connection with his sermon the Rev W H Stables offered a prize to the" cadet" who produces the best paper upon itAne deeision to be gi ien by the officers of the "Sons of Temperance."

===== 0002601_18990804_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BATHING 'FATALITY AT WIDNES.

Roberton Anderson, aged 12, son of Robert and Mary Anderson, 10, Pleasant-street,was drowned at 4-15 p m on Sunday, in the Mersey, opposite Sullivan's works, Widnes. The deceased, in company with three other ;ads about the same age, went to bathe in the river. Tney waded and swam across to a sandbank, the tide o.ing out, and for a time amused themselves there. Wnile thus engaged the tide commenced to flow in. See- ing the predicament in which they were placed,the b took hold of each other's hand with the intention of a:listing one another. After going into the water a few yards they separated, and each endeavoured to swim ashore. Joseph Burstfield, 67, Jamee-,treet, noticing the danger the lads were in, went to thir help and rescued Bernard Donoghue. A foreman of Pilkirwton's works, named James Wilkinson, 20, Crois-s' re. t, helped to get the lad out. Robert Anderaon and 0 rren Rice were not seen again Wive, but James Fallen, the foul th boy, managed to swim ashore. The news of the disaster soon spread,and in a short time sever al strong swimmers were ready te go in search of the missing boys. Owing t) the force with which the current was running it was d,emed advisable to postpone operations for altime. Eventually some of the swimmers entered the water but were unable to find the bodies. The body of A.nderson wes recovered at 4-30 a.m. o a kfenday, abut 300 yards higher up the river. TA,.'s father of Anderson is a labourer, but at present is in the workheuae, the mother living at 10. Pleasaut-otreet, but in very poor cinum- stances.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE RUNCORN' STATION MASTER

At the Ktrig'e Arms Hotel. Preseet. on Tuesday week. a number of friends assembled for the purpose of pre- enting a gold centre-seeond stop watch (manufactured by the Laccishire Watch Company) as a token of rrspect and a recognition of the excellent way in which Mr. H. Prescott, (the late stationmaster of Present), had discharged his dutiee. The empleynes of the Railway Station also presented Mr. Presc )tt with a gold-mounted umbrella for his courtesy and kindness toward; thee,. Mr. J. Garrett presided and Mr. G. H. Hellas occupied the vice-chair.—ln making the presentation Mr. Garrett referred in felicitous terms to the value and me it dis- played by Mr. H Prescott whilst at Prescot and observed he understood that Mr. Prescatt was carrying out the same policy at Runcorn.. (Applause.) He handed him the beautiful watch hoping it would remind him every time be looked at it of Prescot's old friends and (f aces (Applause.) Toe watch bore the following inscription : —"Presented by a few friends to Mr. Henry Prescott on his leaving Prescot after 16 years' service as s'atioc- roaster, July 1899 "—Mr. Prelcott who was visibly affected assured them he was very pleased to receive their kind present. It was to him a character and would ever remind him of the many kind friend; he had in Present. —Messrs Hallas, J J Tickle, and others t stifiel to Mr Prescett's worth.—Mr Tinnion. oa hehalf ol the employe; of the railway at Preseot Station, then asked Mr Prscett to accept a gold-mounted umbrella as a small t ;ken of the respect and esteem in which he was held !Ey the staff of the Prescot Station. The inecrip'ion read : " Preeentel to Mr Henry Preeeott by the staff at Presdot Station."—Mr Prescett also exersssed the great pleasure with which he/accepted their present —Messrs H Challoner, and J Blundell pleasingly referred to Mr Pregcett's public career, and Dr Hall paid a high tribute to the sterlio;gness of Mr Prescett's private character.— Votes of thanks followed and the meeting terminated after singing " Auld Lang Sync."

===== 0002601_18990804_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAMP SENT FOR SEVEN DAYS.

At the Hannon Police Court, on Thurz.day morning, William Higgins. a Manchester tramp, was charged with begging in High-street, about 9 p.m. the previous night, and committed to 7 days with hard labour.—The case was proved by P.C. Wilding.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METRODIST TRIP.

The scholars, teachers, and friends of t'le Primitive Methodist Schools, Greenway-road, had their annual outing to Frodsham, on Wednesday a.fternopn, being in charge of Messrs W Fleet, Hayes, and others. The usual tea was prov:d-A, and spqms and gambols, on Mersey View Pleasure Ground indulged in.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROLLING SHIP AT RUNCORN.

There is now lying at the Widnes Lock, Runcorn, the " Ernest Bazin "a rolling shin, the invention of a French engineer. The vessel is on its way to Manches- ter for exhibition. The object of the inventor was to miske his vessel roll over the waters without having to overcome the resistance of the water. For years the vessel has been the subject of great interest to engineers and the general public. Many persons availed them- selves of the opportunity of seeing the unique craft.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIGH AND HESSEY'S AS THS PUBLIC HALL.

A Novelty L.hoir and up-to-date Diorama will occupy the Runcorn Public Hall during Bank Holiday week,and each night will give an entire change of programme. The artistes are all accomplished ;animated photographs will be exhibited at each performance; and graceful statue dances will be performed. On Sunday next there will be a sacred song service. See advertisement.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A CROCODILE AT WIDNES.

Mr. James Welding, of the Commercial Hotel, Widnes Marsh, his become toosse;s,d of a young crocodile, pre- sented to him by Mr. Connell, of Sluth Castle-street, Liverponl. The reptile is about two feet five inches long, and is 18 months old.. So far it has proved its!lf to be by no means a lovable pet, for it is very vicious when app:osched, and resents any interference from the on- lookers. It is the intention of Mr. Welding to rear it.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BETHESDA SUNDAY SCHOOLS.

The scholars of this Sunday school and their teachers, blessed with a beautiful day, thoroughly enjoyed their annual outing to Overton Hills, on Wednesday. Sports, and outdoor amusements, donkey rides. swings and other interesting items while 1 away the dm?. The heat howevPr. was at times oppressive, registering something like 115 in the sun, yet all enjoyed themselves thoroughly. The company was in charge of Mr. F .Beck, and the Rev J o.3borne, B.A. (pistor).

===== 0002601_18990804_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DBATH.

At Noon yestmday ( Thursday), Mary Dutton, wife of Archibald Dutton, blacksnai-h, 40, Handley-street, Runcnrn, dial fome what sUdionly. Tne woman who was 59 years of aEm had bola ailing for some weeks and Dr. id icLennan has been in attendance. On Wedepsiay the 26h uit the deceased when getting out of bed slipped and fall agwnit the wall anl since then she had ben several timei unco Plainly. The d )ctor declines to give a CortifiCite and the facts have been repute] to the Coroner.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A RECKLESS WIDNES CYCLIST FINED.

Joh Penninzcon, a yotuh, raiiding iii Charlotte-street Widnes, was charged before the Widnes magistrates on Thursday morning, with furiously riding a bicycle in Albert-road on July 20.—Police-Constable Spencer said he saw the defendant about half past nine on the night In question coming down the road at about twelve miles notcir. He saw him knock a boy down.—The Mayor (Ald,raaan Waring) characterised this riding as a most reprehensible practice, and said they were determined to put it down. Future cases of this sort woald be dealt withmore severely.—A fine of 10i. and costs was imposed.

JUBILEE OF TUE SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

On Saturday afternoon (August 12 h) this flouri3hing frimdly society will celebrate its Jubilee with a demon- stration. At two o'clock the members will met in Green- way-road schoolroom, where they will form in proces- sion, and headed by the Runcorn Volunteer Brass Band, will parade the principal streets of the town. A very pretty silken badge will be provided to be wore at the demonstration which members will receive free as memento of the Jubilee. Thecommitteo are most anxious that the turn out should be a good one and worthy of the occasion ; they earnestly hope that every member will make; a special effort to ,be present. An open air meeting will be held at the close of the procession on the waste ground near the railway &lotion, to which all are earnestly invited. For further particulars see advertise- ment.

• LOCAL MARRIAGE. • On Wednesday afternoon, the St. Paul's Chapel was the scene of a very ore-,ty and interesting weddlng, when the nuptials of Mr. George B3wyer (headons.ster of the Weston Wesleyan Schools, and orpnist of St. Paul's Church, Runcorn) son of Mr. Isaac Bowyer, Church-strect. and Miss Ellen Crowther, daughter of Mr. Elenry Crowther, Halton-road, were celebrated in the presence of a large congregaVon. Tne ceremony was parformed by the Rev. J. A. B. Malvern. The best man was Mr. S. D. Hindle and the bridesmaids Misses E:ni:y and Eli% Crowther. The popularity of the con- tracting parties was shown in a marked degree by the many congratulations showered upon them.

DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MIS 4 CHADWICK.

We record with regret the demise of Mtis Mary Jane Chalwick, of Bridgewater-street Runcorn, who was so well known for her long and faithful services at the Caind3n Chapel Sunday school,and who died on Monday at the age of 49.—The funeral took place on Wednesday and was largely attended. MiSl Chadwick's remains were placed with those of other members of the family in the vault at the Parish Cnorchyard, the ceremony being performed by the Rev W Scholes, M A. As a mark of respect from the memlows of her own family, the coffin was carried to the church on the shnullers of her four uncles, and her four brothers coaveyei h,r mortal remains from the sacred edifice to their final resting place. Miss Chadwick's loss is a great one, as hr inft lence for good was wide .pread and lasting.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICr COUNCIL.

Tne fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday. Thera were praeent : Me3srs.J;Knowles,J.P. (chairman),S Woodward,T Wright, H Mawd.ley, J Moiley-Williams, E Clarke. George Pill- ing, C E Linaker, J 'Taylor, T L3wis, C Itlyknce, J Mz.lntyre, Admiral Jones Parry, J Edwards, T D ton, E Bretherton William Bradford, J Sprucl. with Mr G F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk). Mr W Diggle and MrJ Swinton (surveyors) ,r J F trrington (inspector). and Dr Jlseph Adams (niedictl officer).

HELM SEWERAGE. A meeting of the klel4by Parochial Committee was held on the 24th of July, Mr. James Tay'o: pres:ding. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. F. B. Mason, Chester, and it was rasolved that the Clerk write and inform Mr Mason that the Jouncil have had a complete scheme for the sewerage of lielsby prepared and that it has been forwarded to the Lied Gavernment Board with a re- quest that an ,iarly inq airy be held with a. v'ew to its Wing sanctioned. That under the scheme the drains c am- plainel of by his client will be done away with and the Council therefore do not consider it wire to pipe them at the present time. That they have however iaEtrUcted their surveyor to give special attention to such drains, and if there has been any neglec: lately it has been caused through the men being unable to get on the land.

Mr Taylor move,' the confirmatiori of the fleliby Parochial C-nntn;ttee's minutes, and oh;erved it was a matter of impirtance that the new bye-laws should be go through as soon as p'ssible.

- Mr. C E. Linatrer seconded, and the motion was un- animously carried.

TIE BYE•LAWS.

The Local Government B •ari wrote confirming the bye-laws inade by the Rural Diittict Council with re- spect to nuisances, new streets, buillin”, and slaughter houses in the contributory placea of Elelsby, Grappenhall, Latchford (without) and Walton Inferior. The board stitel that if it was the intention to vont the bye laws as t) offensive tradqs in force in the contributory place of Sutton this must b 3 done by means of a separate byelaw.

The Clerk g roa it was not prop:l3e It) rep3ll Cie bye- laws as to offensive trades in force in Sutton.

MANC RE iT P, ft PORT SANITARY AUTHO El ITY

The Local Government Board forwardedno-Aces of an inquiry to be held at the Town Hall, Manchester, on the 9-.11 inst. with reference to tne proposal that the Bard should issue an order p2rmanently constituting a Port Sanitary Authority, by forming a Joint Board having jurisdiction within the port of Manchester or parka of the said port, or ao order or orders providing f?r Port Sanitary administration within ths said port or parts of such port._ _

It w- as decided on the motion of Mr. Wright.arconieA joy Mr. C. E. Lin tker, that the. Council be represNitPd by Me3srs. J. Mosley iVilliams, J,iseoh Knowles (chair- man), J. B. Chadwick, and the Clerk of the Council.

ROADMEN.B WA.GES.—THE WORK OF ROADMEN. Mr. Diegle (surveyor) submitted what might be termed an appeal for increased pay for the roadmen employed in the Frodaham Diatrict. They wera all good men em- ployed br him and oa aclount of the nature of their 4,oor—they having occ,sionally to go into the sewers— he engg,ested their wa-03 chluld be 10cr3a5ed from 33 tl 34 61 per day. Mr. S. Wa)dward contended that Mr Diggle had not made out a good caw for the,men. He considered. taking the case in a general sense that it was not desir- able ta raise the wAges of the men-to a higher standard t han that of farm Ilbaurers in country places. He further contended that the rladman was" practically his own boss" and took things just as be pleased. (Laughter.) Mr. Diggle stated he would be on the track of that madman. (Laughter.) Mr. Wen.] V 79 rd : I have not mentioned any names (Increased laughter.) ' Mr. C. E. Linaker agreed with Mr Woodward. Mr. Mosley-Williarns pointed ,nat that the men might be given something extra.for the sewerage they attended to. Mr Woodward having pointed nut that that was a matter of special expense aff:ecting Frodshani alone_ _ _

The matter Was referred 0 the Frodsham Parochial CDnomittee.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

THE PROPOSED PARK. The usual monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held at the Town Hall on Thursday morning, when there were present :--Messrs F Wis- wall (chairman), W Handley, D Bisbrown, J W Light- burn, James Pritchard, Thomas Jones, M J Sweetman, J H G rice, George Hewitt, E Imison,J Wilson, 3 Walton RR Posnett, with E Marshall (secretary), F A Lake (law clerk), and James Wilding (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18990804_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET IMPROVEMENTS AND LIMITING.

The Highways and Buildings Committee recom- mended that 10 tons of cube setts be purchased, to be used principally for the making of a crossing in Halton- road; the tender of Mr. J. Hampson for the repairing of and keeping in repair the street lamps for the next three years be accepted, and that the seal of the Council be affixed to the contract; the chairman of the Com- mittee, Mr. Wilson and Mr. Svreetman ; with Mr. A. Bate, veterinary surgeon, be authorised to purchase a horse.

The Highway. and Buildings Committee report was unanimously adopted.

THE ELECTRIC LIGHTING.-A MOVE.

A further recommendation of the Highways and Buildings Committee "That an advertisement be inserted in a Trade Journal to the effect that the Coun- cil are prepared to receive offers for the Electric Lighting of their District" was also unanimous 4 carried.

THE PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY AND THE TREATMENT OF SMALL PDX.

The Health Committee reported : "Dr. Crocker, the Medical Officer of Heilth to the Manchester Port Sani• tary Authority, had intimated that arrangements had been made with the Liverpool Port Sanitary Authority to remove and treat cases of Small Pox found on vessels bound to any part of the Port of Manchester, at a charge of four guineas per week per 'case," and recom- mended that the costs incurred by the Manchester Authority at the above-named rate be refunded in res- pect of Small Pox cases found on ward vessels bound for Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE ABATENIENT OF NUISANCES.

The Sanitary Inspector complained of nuisances at number 25, Wellington-street; 2 and 4, Church:street ; 31, 33. and 35, Church-street, and of insufficient privy accommodation at 21 and 23, Bridgewatct-street. It was decided that the usual steps for abatsnsent be taken, and also to serve the owners or occupiers with notice to provide the deficient accommodation.

IMPROVEMENTS AT THE HOSPITAL.-AN AMBULANCE

FOR RUNCORN.

The Health Committee further recommended that the carriage way at the hospital be made good at an estim- ated cost of £l.O ;the larder at the hospital be converted into a bell-room and a bath provid Ad at an estimated cost of £lO ; that a horse ambulance be purchased from the Bristol Wagon Company, and that application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to a loan of £6O for a period of ten years for the above- named purchase; and that the tender of Mr. S. Crosby for the supply of provender for the_next six months be accppted. Mr. Dean moved, and Mr. M. J. Sweetnian seconded the adoption of the Health Committee's minutes ; a Mo- tion unanimously agreed to.

THE RENOVATION OF THE PUMPING STATION.

The Water Committee recommended the tender of Mr William Farrell, jun., for the pointing of the pumping station and boiler house be accepted ; and that of Mr. John Hayes for the plinting of the pumping station, cottages, workshops, &3., be accepted, subject to the condition that the surveyor have the power to fix the time when such work shall be done.

RUNCORN WATER SUPPLY.

The following' report of the bacteriological analysis of Runcorn water, as received from the School of Patho- logy, Liverpool University College, was submitted "The sample of water received on the 21st inst., con- tained numerous colonies of bacteria when cultivated on gelatine and a few on agar, they were all ordinary water bacteria non-pathogenic. The water is of average pur- ity.—Yours faithfully, CHMILES A. HILL, M. 8., Assis- tant Bacteriologist." Mr. James Pritchard proposed the adoption of the Water Committees;minute s. Mr. Once secottded, and the motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Handley asked that a definition of" non- pathogenic" be given for the public benefit. Mr. Wilding explained they' were healthy bacteria, and, indeed, water would be unwh3lesome if they were not present.

TRH PROF)SED _PARK FOR RUNCORN.

Mr. W. Handley submitted the report of the Parlia- mentary and General Purposes Committee.which recom- mended the adoption of the plan prepared by the Sur- veyor for the improvement and laving out of the Common at an estimated cost of £4,000 be approved, and that application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of the afore- said sum of £4,000 for a period of 50 years, and doing so gave a detailed description of the proposed ptrk and recreation ground. (full particulars of which have al- ready appeared in these columns). Referring to the cost of the scheme Mr. Handley said it was estimated upon a very careful basis that £4,000 would be the amount, which if borrowed and extended over a period of 50 years would work out to £147 I3s 4d (if tho money could be borrowed at 22 per cent). which was , just a trifle over 21 in the £. If the loan however, was only granted for 30 vears—thoueh he had Ira reason to sup- pose they would not get the longer period seeing it had been granted to other places for similar expenses—the cost would b 3 £196 13s 41 pr annum—just id in the £. The estimate also included th 3 prvision of 100 seats. He proposed the adoption of the minutes, of the committee, and ventured to express that the ratepayers of Runcorn would be getting that which they had been lookine forward to for come considerabletime. Mr. Man seconded.

Mr. E Inoison. pointed out that the expense did not end in the way described by Mr. Handley. There would be the east of maintenance, and supposing it took only the labour of two:or three men, it would soon bring up the cost per annum to 141 or 21 in the £. Be was only anxious that the ratepayers should fully understand their position, and not think they were going to get all Mr. Handley described for in the 2. Mr. D. Bisbrowa considered he was on the unpopular side of the question, as he was opposed to it, on the ground that the ratepayers could not stand the strain of any increase on the rates. It was unwise to incur any additional expense, which by keeping up the rate of the town to 3s 31 vu'uld stave off the settlement of any new industry. He had not the remotest ides, at the incep• tion of the scheme that anything like £4,000 would be required. Be considered it all very fine for those gentlemen who could afford to pay it, but there were other propsrty owners in the town who could not survive the additionil burden- He proposed that the matter be referred hick to the Health Commkttee.

Mr Grorge Hewitt seconded Mr. Bi=hrownis amend- ment. He asked was it correct that £2,000 was esti- mated for readmakinv, and £9OO for drainage? Mr. Lightburn contended they were compelled to make the roads, as part of the agreement by which they olatained po:session of the common. With regard to the £4,000, he took it that the r2so!ution they were asked to pats did not bind them to spend that amount all at once. They would simply have to spend that which they were compelled to do on the roads,and could deal with the other as.ocoasion gave rise. The discussion which followed turned on this point, and on the understanding that the Couozil were not bound to carry out the scheme as set out, at once, but could take up the loans as required, the minutes were adopted, with Mr. Bisbrown and Mr. Hewitt dissenting.

THE INSTITUTE SCHOOL. The following recornmendatims were made by the Technical Instruction Committ‘e :—That the sum of £6 be expended in prizes for the day school students; that apparatus to the value of £l4 for third year students be obtained ; Miss A. M. Johnson (London) Inter B. A. Lon. be appoinied Assistant Mistress in the place of Miss Westmore, resigned, at a salary at the rate of £65 per annum, to commence on the. 11th September next, and that the appointment be subject to termination on one month's notice being given by either party •, and Mr. C. Role, B.A. Paris, be appointed Teacher of French for the evening classes (E!ementary and Advanced Stages) for the forthcoming session, at a fee of 24 guineas for the session. (The Session to consist of twenty-four lessons for each stage.) Adopted on the motion of Mr. J. Wilson seconded by Mr. T. Dean.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIPTROTT CHARITY,

Mr. Imison asked a unmb.r of questions conceaning the relation of the Council to the biptrott Charity: as to whether the sce'uiti of the Ch4rity had been con- sidered, or any official communicatinn rFspecting them, had been addressed to either the Liptrott trustees or to the mernb2r for the Divisio?, on behalf os the Council. The Chairman answered in the negative.

Mr. Imison Vim scat -d that he asked the question-as the result of seeing the question asked by Sir John Brunner in the House of Commons the other day, an account of which had appeared in the public press, and frOm which it would appear in the eyes of the public that the question wAs prompted bv the Runcorn Urban Council. Having. read the extract from tht4 press Mr. Ituison proceedad to criticise the matter and observed that such procieedings made the Council appear supremely ridiculous in the eyes of the world and the local public, and was glad they repudiated all knowledge of it.

Mr. Handley observed that he had given certain in- formation to Sir John Brunner and posiibly that had given rise to the question. He took the wholo re9ponsi- bility for it, though he was not responsible for the form of the question. He would take that opoortunity of saying that in the c-maing month le intended bringing ly.fore • the Council a resolution upin which Mr. Imison or any other member could discuss the whole matter in the public interest. The matter drool:owl, after Mr. Wilson had observed that he considered Mr. Imison rerfectly justified in bringing the matter to their notice.

Famous School Boots,'for Boys and Girls. VALES AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, VVarringtoa.—Adrts

===== 0002601_18990804_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOROUGH FINANCE. TgE CORPORATION BALANCE SHEET.

Mr. John Fairhurst, F.S.A.A., the norough Treasurer, has just issued the abstract of the accounts of the Cor- poration of Warrington for the year ended 31st March last. It is a bulky volume of 168 pages and contains some interesting information.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALANCE SHEET.

An aggregate balance statement of the liabilities and assets of the Corporation accompanies the accounts. The total liabilities are set forth as amminting to £643,427 3s 4d and the total assets as £949,315 18s 8d ,thus showing a balance of assets amounting to £318,113 173 10d. From this sum must be deducted £225 2s 6d for deficiency on electricity account. The particulars of this balance sheet show the liabilities and assets in connection with' the following fund.:— Borough rate,lialsilities £32,039 14s 10J, a.se-s £105,119 93 8d ; imprwement rate, liabilities £92,625 124 111 ; assets £165,81619; 7d: sewers rate, liabilities £34 529 assets, £61,626 124 ; Gas Works liabilities, £191,995 194 7,1, atiqetS £185,509 8s Od ; Water Works liabilities, £272,402 us 81, assets £295,535 12.1 21 ; Private Im- provement expenses, lianilities £6.735 2s Od ; as,:eta, £6,928 123 81 : Wharf, liabilities £1,400, asßets £1,587 8s sd; Parr Hall. liabilities, £1.463 14s lid ; assets, £9,420 18 01 ; Electricity, liabilities,£22s 24 61; assets nil ; Latchford and Wilderspool Causeways, assets £4,849 03 7d ; Middleton scholarships. assets £l,OOl 6s ; police superannuation, assets. £11,920 us id. Ih-re are no liabilities in connection with the three last named accounts.

THE COST OF THE P)LICE FORCE.

In connection with the Watch Department the total expenditare is shown to be £6 700 93 11..1, by far the largess item in which is £5,367 183 61 for c-mstab!es' wages. Amongst minor items the conveyance of prisoners has cost £lll 183 9d; two bicycles' £29 Ts ; maintenance of dogs. kb 18s. Amongst the receipts there is a sum of £2,954 8s 61 from the Litncashire Csunty Council, being one half the charge for pay and clothing of police for the year ended 29th September, 1898 Her Majesty's Paymaster General contributes £l2O 83 51 for conveyance of prisoners to gaol. The fines imposed on owners of unmuzzled dogs amounted to £l9 103 4d.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CEMETERY.

The expenditure of the Cemetery Committee includes the following amounts for burial fee's :—To the Rector of Warrington and his clerk £5B 9s 61 ; Vicar of St. Paul's and his clerk £26 7s 81 ; Vicir of Holy Trinity and his clerk £l4 03 6d ;Vim of St Barnabass and his clerk. £ll 3s 6.1 ; Vicar of S'.; Peter's and his clerk £26 84 4d ; Vicar of St Ann's awl his clerk and sexton £3184 61 ; Vicar of St James's and his clerk and sexton £ll is 61; or a total of £l7B 194 61. Th., wanes of the gardeners and labourers amount to £398 17s 3d and the registrar's salary is £llO. On the incJmn sid the fees received by the Registrar amount to £1,157 12s lid and the church burial fees amount to £l9O 6s 6d.

TOWN HALL, PARK AND BATHS. In the Town Hall department a further sum of £ag 5s 51 has been paid for alterations at Bank House. Furniture:has cast £BO 4s 101; painting and decorating £7074 91 ; panels £l5 103 Od ; clothing for hall keeper £lO 6s 91. The income of this d partment, apart of course from the rates, consists entirAv of rents from other departments, amounting t 3 £275. In connection with the Park the wares of gardeners, labourers and park-keepers absorb £498 0 31. Trees,plants and seeds cost £22 63 81; and corn and bird seed £2363 id. Tne re-covering of the aviary cost the ratepayers £l6 15, 61. a new floor to band stand £l2 Is, the rebuilding ot wall £l6 23 11d, a boat £3 12, screens £B, and clothing for park-keepers £7 143 11d. The contribution to the bands was £6O. Queens Gardens have cost £772 123 61. The purchase money was £2OO and the expenses of lay- ing out the gardens bring up the cost to the fignrestated. The total expenditure in connection with the baths for the year was £959 51 61 and £457 103 has been received from bathers and £6 6s for the use of the baths for galas. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE, GYMNASIUM, ke. _ _

• The only item of receipts in connection with the school) attendance deparment, is one of £2B 5s 6d for the maintenance of children at blind and deaf schools. The salaries of the officers are as follow : William Jones, inspector, £110; William Samber, £97 lOs ; J H Scarisbrick, £B4 104; and W Rutter, £3O Sc. Then there are items of £ll7 103 for maintenance of boys at the Industrial schools; £ll 103 7,1 for maintainonce af boys at a truant school; £203 133 31 for maintenance of blind and deaf children ; and £32 2s as a contribution to the ship "Cue " and £l2 19s 81 for tbe expenses of the deputation which delivers it. In the analysts department £2B 63 9d is received from the Lancashire County Council under the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, and £55 43 51 is expendeei. In the Cont tgious Diseases (Animals) Department £l4 53 lid is received from the Lancashire County COOLICiI, and £47 17s 61 expended. The Rivers Departmsnt has spent £lO2 2s on the work of surveying the river. The income of the Gymnasium has been £lOB 63 101 and toe expenditure £294 5s 4d. It will be seen that the Gymnasium has cost the r,tepayers on the year's w6rk- ing £lB5lB 61.

FINANCE AND GENERAL PURPOSES.-COST OF DEPUTATIONS.

The exppncliture of the Finance Department £1,003 83 for salaries in the Town Clerk's office ; £1,273 4s 21 in the Borough Treasurer's office: £786 133 4-1 in the Barough Surveyor's offics ; and £530 53 31 in the Borough Justices Clerk's office. The sum of £1139. 17s 6d has been paid to the Museum and Library Fund as the proceeds of a rate of 111 in the £. The expenses of deputation to London re rating of ground values amounted to £ll 12; 81 ; expenses of deputations to London re St. Helens Corporation Bill £3B 5s 31 ; re 'Municipal Corporations' Association £92 183: expenses of Mayor and attendant to Dubin re Health Congress £l6 5s 21 ; expenses re unveiling of portrait of the Mayor £6 17s; expenses re funeral of the late Alderman Greenall £1 43 6cl and Lancashire County Council ex- penses re unifi 'ation of the townships of Warrington and Latchford £lB 19; id. The charges of Parliarn.nta ry agents re St. Helens Corporatiori Bill were £192 is id. The cost of municipal elections was £144 103 53,and tnn deficiency on ttie Art Exhibition account was £389 5s 3d

MARKETS &C,

The receipts of the Markets Dppirtm-nt amount to toe very substantial total of £4,590 13 01 ; and of sum £3,323 123 31 has been received for fair and market tolls. The expenditure amounted to £1,965 193 71, se that th's department must be considered as one of the best revenue departments of the Corporation. The cost of paving the Fair Ground was £720 154 6d. The Weights and Measures Drpartment had received £324 7s 11d and has spent £176 6s 51, thus leaving a substan- tial balance to the good.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
HOSPITAL AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS.

The inc,me of the Ho,pitsl Deps.rtment amlunts to £321 43 101 and the expenditure £1,681 15s 31. The in- come is mainly due to the payments of the Newton Urban District Council and the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council for ti:ie use of the hospital and the m-kin- tenance of patients. The expenditure includes £162 93 lid for the m9dical superintendent's salary; £67 12s for the hoinital keeper's wage;; £374 19s 3d for matrons nurses', and prvants' wages, and £448 191 6d for pro- visions. The income or the Health Department was £6 95 61, and ofl this sum £2 Os 61 was received es smoke fines. The expenditure amounted to £9573i 91 There are several items Gi-Pxoenges of deputatiocs in c3nnec- tion with this department. The deputation's expenses to Dublin re Health Congress were £33 is 21; to London £ll 10; ; and to Manchester £1 145 2J. Professional services re Sinkey Brook cost £36 153 and re diseased meat £2 12s 61.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SANITARY WORKS.

Turning to the Longford manure works R ecount we find that these works have cost the ratepayers £2,303 17s 3d. To this sum must be added the expenditure in connection with the intercepting depots and nightsoil cnilection. These bring up the net nnat of conducting the Sanitary Works Department to £8477 164 Bd.

MUSEUM AND LIBRARY FUND.-TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION ACCOUNT.

The expenditure in connection with the MU3FII,II and Lib' ary Fund amounts to £630 153 4d for salaries and wage : £344 133 41 for establishment ex- penses ; £195 7s 4d for the Museum Department ; and £40903; 3 for the Library Department, making a total of £1,613 15s 31. On the Technical Instraction aocount the expenditure includes £3lB 7s 7,1 for eeneral ex- penses ; £503 7s 81 for Szthool of Art; £474 10 31 for School ef Science ; £l9B 5s 2.1 for commercial classes •, £169 17; 21 for continuatioa school (A.rpley-;tree) ; £33 4s 61 for continuation school (Ramilton-stret l) £B2 12.3 91 for cookery centre. The receipts in- clude a grant of £335 from the borough fratP 553 10; from the Lancishire County Council; and £39 5; from the Cheshire County Council, which together with frra &c., bring up the income to £1,870 23 6d ins £47 7s ld balance due to bank.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ART EXHIBITION ACC %UHT.

The expenses of the Art- Exhi-hitio-n held I3st year in the Gymnasium were £929 17s. Tt.e removing and hanging of piature4 cost £153 83 31. and the insurance of the pictures £93 2s 3d. Then £B5 7s 6d was rai,l for electric lightieg ; £5O 33 51 for r:ecting corridor and engine house ; £154 73 for orete3t-a and a,tisre ; £64 2410 d refreshmants and tobacco ; and £132 le 10 i for printing and aftertising.Turning to the other side of the account we find that stir: site cf cicket , realised £369 24 6i ; the tra roArn and stalls realised £7l 199 Od ; the cloak room £2B 74 71 ; c,mmi3sion on bate of picturer, £l5 ; catalogues £24 3531 ; programmes. £lO 12s 51 ; and advertisements £l3 103. Tha deficiency was £339 5s 3d, which has tern paid out. of tho rates.

ELECTRICITY ACCOITNT.-PRELIMINATIY EXPENSES.

The preliminary expeoses in connrction with the Ps- bablishment of elpntricity works at Warrinzton atreadg amount to £225 24 63. The expenditure incurred jr 1897-8 included a deposit fee of £5O with the Bowd nc 104 Its 9d charrres of Parlimentary avnts ; and £2B 15s expenses of deputations to Llandudno and Lon- don.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOROUGH BILL.

The baTamo) due to the back in connection pith the Borsugh Bill from the Ist April 1898 to 31st March 1899

is £7lO 17s 51. This represents the cost of poll of owners and ratepayers, Pd.rliimentary agents on account of costs &c,

THE PARR HALL.-PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT.

Parr Hall made a profit ot £3 174 41 during the year. The receipts were £379 5s 21, made up as follows : hire ' of halt £334 144 44; hire ot piano £23 103 61, printing and advertising £2l 04 41. Thera was a loss rf £3O on the popular concerts and a bad debt account of £25 has been wiped off. Ple to•al assets in connection with the hail are stated at £9.420 18s 0•. Against this there is a balance due to the bank ot £1372 17s 2.1 and other.lia- bilitiza amounting to £9O 17s 91.

POLICE BUILDINGS ACCOUNT. The expenses in connPc i in with tne new police build- infls to £316 17s 31 at the tnd of March. The 2nd and 3rd prem.tuns on designs were £75; the umpire's tea and expenses were £53 19i; plans for Latchford Out Station are put down as c•rsting £7O 5s and plans for Longf yid out btatton have cost £6O 10s. For luncheons a 6i 61 have been paid and £ll lOs 6d for expenses of deput

===== 0002601_18990804_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKER'S GIFT ACCOUNT.

This account has now b en closed, all the mlney having been spent. The gift was one of £l,OOO which with interest reached £1,275 1.1.3 10J. Of this SUER £l2l 153 61 was spent in the purchas of a chief rent on part site of the Market Htll; £565 13 lid towards altering and improving, the Town flail; £503 in aid of the extensions of the Museum ; £5O to Samuel Runt. ex-Chief Constable, on his retirement; and £27 6.1 63 contribution towards the portrait of the Juslilee Mayor (Alderman James Fairclough). Other sm.,iller items absorbed the balance.

RUNCORN CO-OPETtATIVE SOCIETY:

SIX SCHOLARSHIPS FOR RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

The annual meeting of the Runcorn Co-operativeln- dustrial and Provident Society Limited, was held at the Society's Hall, Church-street. Runcorn last Tuesday night. Mr. W. E. D dley (chairman of the committee) presided ; and there were supportmg him on the plat- form : Messrs J Scrag', T Cosier, W Willon, J Raw- linson, J Stubbs, T Riley, G F Dean, T Wats-m, J J Shaw (tectets.ry), W M Morris (manager), & E Walthall (representative of the C.W.S. Limit(d), Manchester. There was but a small attendance of shareholders.

The Choirman having congratulated those Present upon the very excellent bilance shot, said they had a very satisfactory increase in their grocery department .of £2.151 13s 10d ; butchery. £BO6 13. 41d; drapery, £BO6 18, 21d ; hoot and sho , £393 18, 4d; and repairs department, £26 Os 41. In tne c )al department, how- ever, thanks to judicious buying £1,139 19i 21. repre- sentf d the increase. He felt suie they would ares with the committee that those figures were most satisfactory. Having dealt With several questions of administration of the S Icietv's affairs.

Mr. W. H. Clarke (Wide) nropos4 %and Mr.S.Moores seconded that the report be tik in as r-!ad Mr. Ifitzpatrick (.Vidnes) asked the cause of the de crease at the Central Store of the Society. Harking hick back ti'lre4 half years the increase on the C3ntral Stores was £4,010: last half year £3,948; whilst this half year £3,595 .was about tle figura. C ,ul.l the Chairman s'ate to what cause the decreas-! was due ?

The Clia'rman replied that, as was well known, the Central Store we; not the maitre of residential proparty it once wa3 ; and further, pelplio were carrying on their trade with the other branches, which showed a decided increase. The trade was not being lost; it Was practi. eally the result of people going to th 3 nearest branch. He then enumlrated the branches where decreases were ob;ervable, and tho3e showing a decided increase. Then followed a series of q restions from Mr. Fitz- patrick and Mr. Clarke, all ot which were more or less satisfactorily answered by the Cla &man.

The finincial report wa-s then adopted on the rnotioa of Mr. Clarke, secon -lel by Mr. Schofield.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITTEE'S REPORT.

The committee reported as foll)ws ro prefent you with the abstract of accounts, for the half-year ending June 30th, 1899, affords us great pleasare. A rapid glance at the details therein contained will convince you of the great strides eale ch the society is constantly making, as well as ef its great importance and widening influence. In the period under cerisideration we have reelised a total turnover of £55.481 12s 7d, which repre- sents the largest trade done with th •Society in one half- year since its establishment, some 37 Years ago. The takings show an increase of £1,974 183 111 i over last half-year, and a still further increase of £5,327 133 2d over the same period twelve moieties aeo, which reveals a most gratifying state of affairs. You will perceive that after we have made provision for tbe payment of the usual interest on capital invested,ae well as the ordinary allowances tor depreciation on our lands, buildings, and fixtures accounts, we have a divisible net profit of some £8564 193 51 and we propose the Eavmeat of 3s id in £ dividend for this hall-year, educational fund £5. and the balance of £6 16s Li to be carried forward. Some 100 new members have been introduced during the half- year.and the share eapital has &fain ictreased to the ex- tent of £1,904 43 Od. The departmental accounts show suteantial increased support all round; tut your com- mittee are of tho opinion that there is still greater pros- pect for the future development of your Society, and ample room for the extension of our borders, co- operatively speaking, Various departments outside the movement have to receive your support, but every opportunity should be given to the membere to enable them to support their own shops. The vpaira have been heavier than usual this half- year; but it has been absolute necessity which has com- pelled the outlay,and we know that an economic admin- istration, with a keen eye to efficiency, always meets with your approval. One set of ovens at the centre/ premisee, Runcorn, have had to be rebuilt since last bal- ance sheet, and the other two sets are at present under-, going similar treatment. During the lost hag-year we have seen our way to remove the Boot department of Widnes to Victoria-road from Sinue's Cross, to enable the premises to 1:e. more central f,r the whole of the Widnes members ; and up to the present the alterations nave fully justified their existence, which once more gots to prove that our policy should always be " the greatest good for the greatest number." The new bakery, warehouse, and stables at Widnes' are expected to be formally opened ire the course of a few weeks. They are a credit to us,—and our horses are fully enjoying the advantage of their improved conditions, for they have already been placed in the new stables. Our little educational medium—" The Wheatsheaf" is still in great demand, and we would commend the "Oa-operative News" to every intelligent co-operator who wishes to take a lively e3ucatove inte:eißt in the welfare of the co-operative movement. In conclusion, we ask your undivided and loyal support to your own Society, and we undertake, with your pleasure, to administer the affairs of the Socie, y as will merit your fullest and best confidence.—Siened on b-ealf of the Committee, W. E. Dudley, W. Rhodes, T. Cosier, W Willan, Finance Corn.. . mitese ; J, J. Shaw, s cretary. The repert was adopted. THE ELECTIONS. The auditors were unanimously re-elected.

Mess. SAles am i Bowyer (Runcorn) ansl Lloyd and Betney (Wicitlei) were etec, ed 4R scrulineers ffir the hut.. poses of the election of the CmlflhLtee. This arrange.. crif,nt increases the number of scrutißeers by two, with the object of getting the-result of the poll out earlier, at future election.

Mr. T. CLzier. as r turning ofEc9.r,then read the result of the poll for the vacancies on the committee. The re- tiring members were Messrs. W E Dudley, T Rlav, and W Rhodes. The contest rosulted as follows :—M -Ssrs W E Dudley. 308 votes; R Nesbit. 180; W Dyer, 173; Moores, 150; W Rhodes. 110 ; Wirtungton, 108; Priest- ley, 93 ; T Ittley, 90. The first three were declared duly elected. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring members of he Committee. Mr. T. Riley, responding, thanked the meeting for their vote, and assured them it was always a pleasure to serve them. lie spoke of the 'mention of the Society aTiont 37 years ago. In those days the members used to " drag the handcart " and do many services. so as to keep down the working expenses. Now that time was gone, and the Society was a er at and fbuthhing one, and he hoped those present would do all they could to keop it so,

THE BOIINTIES.-TDREE SCHOLARSHIPS FOR Rumccias AN THREE FOR WIDNES.

It was unanimously tu continue the subserip. tion to the Eye and Eirlnstitution and the Southern Hospital (Liverpool).

The Chairman; then intimated that he was about to make an appeal fr education, and read a letter he bad received from Mr. E. Marshall (secretary to the Urbatt Di,trict Council), puttiog forth the claims of the Runcorn Institute Day School, and begging as,stabee in the shape of •• ectloiarships.r, 66 The scholarships would bs known tly the name of the donor!. and would he disbursed by them." Re contended that in the days gone by education had been kept from the maslrs by the classes. In these days, howsyer, th,F, had risen to the top. There was a ladder termed upon which the workingman's•sea could step, and talie his place in the forefront of any profeision. They should see (h-n, now they vecra in that position, that it was not said " they stood in their own light," and he for one. advocated they should do all that was right by their children—who of them would not like ta be the parents of the first preacher, the first lawyer, the first engineer, or of one who had attained to the first rank in any honourable branch or , profession. '(Ap- piause). Ravine concluded an eloquent appeal on behalf of education, Mr. Dudley took his seat amidst loud applause.

-Mr. Fitzpiteck who it aprrarr,d was naither for or against thogranting of scholarlyps.obpctrd to the chair.. man coming -ire them with a mat+ er of tbat kind, and contendi-u a chairman should la .id rhe balances with equality, and not advocate any measure. Me contended they wtre apt to move too hastily in matters of thab kind. The Chairman considered it was his duty to put for. ward anything that was far the good of the society and the community in general. Then followel some derultory argument betweon bir Fitspatiiuk and the Chairman.

Snbsequeotiy on the motion of Mr. Bowyer it was uninimously decided to give three tcholarahips for Rua! corn and three for Widnes boys.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18990804_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1,

,

- ;

===== 0002601_18990804_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST TONIC.

- Nervous Troubles are closely related to troubles in the digestive organs; indeed, they are generally trace- able to defective digestion. Most nervous people are dyspeptic also. The stomach does not digest the food, the necessary supply of vital particles whica the blood should recsive from properly digested feod fails, the demand made upon the blood by the various organs of the body, for these life and strength giving particles cannot be answered, and the result is felt almost imme- diately upon the sensative portions of the human organ, ism—the nerves. Impure blood irritates the nerves- and causes nervous debility. Week persons are gener ally nervous. Ire bins cases out of ten if the impede°, digestionbe remedied the nervousness and debility wiil disappear. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been tried and proved to be the best tonic ever discovered! It strengthens the digestion, purifies the blood, braces the nerves and gives tane to the whole eystem, restor- ing its equilibrium.andincressiogits powers of resisting disease. The Standard of Excellence in the preparation of Owilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is without doubt. It is purely vegetable. I: centains the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the Best Remedial Agents and to possess the most Healing and Curative Properties, viz., Sarsaparilla,Burdock,Gentian, Lavender, Mr In, and Dandelion scientifically com- bined in ths most happy proportions with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. It is undoubtedly Owing to its excellence that sufferers from indigestion, Biliousness, and every phase of Dyspepsia are so rapidly relieved and set free from all symptoms of General De- bility, Palpitation, Nervous Trembling, and Sleepless- ness. Gwilyin Evans' Qainine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, or has been weakened by disease, and there- fore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. It purifies the blood and stimuiates the cir- culation. I: assists and promotes Digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. It rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. It removes an impurities and obstructions from the human body. It gives tone to the whole system. We would specially warn our readers to beware of unprincipled imitations. See the name" Gwilym Evans" on label, stamp, and bottle, and remember that any preparation offered as Quinine Bitters which does not bear this name (as above stated) is a fraudulent imitation and counterfeit. Gwilyn Evans' Q iinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 91. and 4s. 61 each, and in cases contain- ing three 44. 61. bstt es at 12. 61. per case ; or it will be sent for the above prices post free direct from the Pro- prietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Llanelly, South Wales. OWILY.3I EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
'BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

THEFT OF MONEY BY AN ALTRINCHAII MAN. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Friday before the Mayor (presiding), Alderman Roberts and Mr. Samuel Wright, Horan Edwin Nall, a well dressed young man who resided at I,Regent-street, Altrincham, WU charged wi h stealing a purse containing £1 119.11 d. the property of Charles Cooper of 104, Wilderspeol-road. —Defendant who was represented ty Mr. Leonard Harris, of Altrincham, pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said Mrs. Cooper was cousiu to the defendant and when the latter called at her house on the day in question she naked him in. Mrs. Cooper went upstairs to dress her- self previous to gcing out to pay a rate bill, the money for which was in a puise on a plate in the kitchen down- stairs. Defendant had not been in the house more than a few minutes when he called to Mrs. Cooper to ,-Isay he was going out, and she called to Isiat instructions how to open the door. When Mrs. Cooper got downstairs she found the purse but no money. Information was given to the police and de- fendant was apprehended at Altrincharn and when charged be admitted having gone to Manchester after stealing the money and spent it. Defendant's mother came yesterday (Thursday)to Mrs. Cooper and refunded the money.—Mr. Harris said the defendant bad been left practically in the position of an orphan as his father •died and when he was a few months old his mother married again. He had tried to get employment and had given way to temptation and stolen this money. He suggested as it was the first offence his client ghoull be dealt with under the First Offender's Act.—Mrs. Nall, who said the defendant was her grandchild, stated she bad had him under her care for nineteen years, in fact since his father died. He was twenty years of aye now. His mother had married again 16 years ago. He had been invalided out of the army and had lived with her since that time. He had always behaved well to her.—By the Chief Constable: Defendant ran away and enlisted in the army. Be deserted and got in the han Is of toe police for it. Witness afterwards retracted this statement.—Mrs. Cooper said she did not Want to press the case against him for his mother's sake. —The Bench fined defendant 40s including costs or one month in default, the chairman stating they hoped it would be a warning to him as long as be lived. raosecerriog OF OWNERS OF lISANITARY PROPERTY WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington B„rough Police Court on Monday morning, befcre Mr. Birchall and other magistrates, Robert Isherwold, Tanner's-lane, was summoned to show cause wny an order should not be made nem' him to abate a nuisance at 32 and 34,5ch001-brow, and 2 and 4. Crossley-street, caused by defective walls, ceilings, floors and roofe.—lnispector Norman, who proved the ease, said the first notice was given in January. Too repairs had been executed, and all that remained to be dens was to thoroughly clean the honses.—Dr. Gornall said he had been asked by his Committee to say that they intended to deal with insanitary property as quickly as possible. The only diffiaulty in the way was the state of legislation in regard to insanitary property. The existing law made it difficult to do right and easy to do wrong.—The Chairman: It wants dealing with. There is a fearful amount of insanitary property in Warring- ton.—Dr. Gornall said they were perfectly coonizant of all insanitary property. They had a record of al that was unfit for habitation.—The Chairman : You have a big re- eord.—Dr Gc)rnall: Yes,a very big one. We are not going to be humbugged by the agents any longer—at least lam not.—Defenaant: I don't think that remark applies to me. —The Chairman: Don't take it, then. Mr. Isherwood. —An order was made for the necessary work to be done within a fortnight.—Fredarick Leigh, Buttermarkst- street, was summoned for a nuisance at numbers, 1,2, 3, 4 and 5, Irlain's-yard, and 2,4, and 6,Crosslev-street. —Defendant said it would be better if the whole of the property were done away with.—lnspector Norman said the houvs were full of filth, and he did not think they were worth repairing. He asked for an order to have them closed—Del. n lent said the houses were empty at the present time.—Councillor Shaw Green :—ls it pos- sible for them to be put into habitable condition P—ln- spector Norman: I think not. They have been sche- duled by the Medical Officer for demolitioo.—Dr- Geniall said that this property was effer.danme years ago as a gift to the Infirmary, and so satisfied were the governors that it was unfit for habitation that they would not accept the_gift.—lnspector Norman : The property is not worth owning.—An order was made for them to be closed.—Alfred Marsh, 3, Halleston-street, was summoned for a nuisance at 3,5, 7 and 9, in a yard off Hayduok-stieet.—An order WAS made to abate within 14 days.

ALLEGED ASSAULT ON POLICEMEN'. At the Warrington floroueh Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Blackhurst, Gouncißor Shaw Green, and Mr. Birchall, Michael Fox, farm labourer, Appleton Thorn, was charged with hay- lug been drunk and disorderly in Wilderspool-road at twenty minutes' to twelve on Saturday night. and also with having assaulted P.C.'s Johnson and Muskett.— Mr. liirowne appeared for the defendant.—P.C. Johnson Stated that at 11-40 on Saturday night he was proceed- ing home in the direction of the Old-ioad when he saw the prisoner and five other men. They were Using bad language- Witness was in plain clothes, He requested the men to go home, and prisoner asked him if he was a policeman and used bad language towards him. He also struck him in the mouth ,cutting his lip. He closed with prisoner and they went down together. They got up, and witness closei with another men and they went down. Prisoner then jumped on the top of him, with one foot en his chest and the ocher on his head. The men then ran away. Witness E3W P.C. Hop, and they gave chase. They caught prisoner, and he behaved like a madman, kicking out right and left. P.C. Muse,tt, who had come up in the meantime, obtained a wheel- barrow, hate which' they put prisoner. .He was very violent and they had to hold him down. Be kicked Muskat on the ribs and on the head.—Cross- examined : He did not strike prisoner first, and they did not have three rounds.—P.C. Beep said the men were then running away and they followed them. Priaoner was pointed oat, and witness arreated him. He behaved like a raving madman, kicking out right and left,and it was as much as two of them could do to hold him down. Eventually they got the assistance of kluskett and put defendant into a wheelbarrow. While in the barrow he kicked Muskett in the ribs and on the head. Prisoner was drunk.—P.C. Muelrett said that at twelve o'c:ock he was on duty at Bridge-foot, and re- ceived information that a policeman was being as aulred Wilderspool-road. He went along the road and came up with the men opposite S. James' Church. Prisoner was then struggling with other canstablee. Witness got a barrow from the maltkiyi, and they put prisoner Into it. Prisoner kicked out neut and left, and kicked wit- ness in the ribe and on the head.—Sergeant Cheeney said prisoner was brought into the Po'ice Station about a quarter-past twelve. He was drunk.— Mr. Browns said this case had happened through the con- stable being in plain clothes. Prisoner came into town about eight o'clock. He had not touched drink np to that time. He bought somes clo` hes,ordeied some bread and then went to the Royal Arms,the landlord of which, Mr Roidy, banked for these men. Prisoner inq his brother there, and left the house shortly before eleven— as Mr Roddy would say, perfectly sober. He obtained his Parcel of provisions and proceeded towards home. In Wilderspoo!-road he said he felt hungry and would get some chipped potatoes. He went to the shop and asked for some. Mr Massey, the shopkeeper. said be could not let him have any, but would give

him some pickles. (Laughter.) Prisoner said he did not want any pickles and Mr Massey told him to go away and pushed him into the road. At the time a man came up, and swearing at defendant told him to go home. Prisoner and his feends went as far as the crossing gates, which were closed. They were waiting there when the policeman Johnson,who they did not know was a policeman. told them to go home, swearing at thom. They rpplied that they could not until the gates were opened. When, afterwards, they had passed over the crossing, Johnson went up to prisoner and struck him across the face. Prisoner and he then fought. Johnson may have been injured, but his client was given two black eyes and was kicked in the ribs. Johnson, however, finding he was getting the worst of the encounter, went ba:k towards town. Prisoner and his friends walked up the road. Johnson and the other policeman caught them up near the NI alt Kiln, and arrested prisoner. He resisted them and was within his rights because" be knew of nothing wrong that he had done. This bother would never have arisen if Johnson had not interfered. Prisoner was not drunk.—John Brand. by said he came into town with, the prisoner. When they belt the Royal Arms prisoner was sober. After they had passed over the crossings the min who had previously told tir-,m to go home struck prisoner, knocked him into the road and kicked him. 'Fair play" was shouted, and the men fought. The man who struck prisoner, finding he could not get the unp,r hand of him ran back into the town. Witness and his friends made their way towards home as qnickly as possible. They did not know the man was a policeman, and he did not say he was. Witness supported Mr. Browne's statement in regard to prisoner's arrest.—Cor- roborative evidence was given by John Fox tprisoner's brother) and Mr. Rodiy.—Prisoner was also sworn and gave evidence. Cross-examined : He admitted that he had an idea that Johnson was a policeman. Johnson did not say that he was.—The Mayor said the evidence was very confEcting, and the magistrates were inclined to give prisoner the benefit of the doubt. The case would be dismissed. A SALVATION ARMY OFFICER AND VACCINATION. '

Ernest Jenkins, a Salvation Army officer, living in Parker-street, Warrington, applied t) the Mayor and Mr. R. Garnett, at the Borough Police CcurE on Tuna. day, for an order exempting him from having his child vaccinated. Re said ha had a conscientious objection to vaccination. He considered there was a risk of impurity ' being introduced into the system,besides which vaccina- tion was unnatural.—Mr. Garnett: It is a pity you are not bettr informed upon the subje3t. I don't think you are acting wisely.—Applicant: I am judging from what I have read, and what I have been tol.i. This is my only child.—Mr; Garnett: Is this the feeling 'in the Army generally ?—Appli- cant : I believe it is. Nearly all the officers be- lieve as I do. I am not, however, applying because cners do it. This is a personal applipation.—Mr. ' Garnett: I think it would be worth your while to ob- tain an opinion upon the whole question from a man like Gmeral Booth, because he has got his bead screw(' on rightly if you have not. —Applicant :1 don't know what hisviews are. I have not taken the trouble to aszertain.— Mr. Garnett: If I see him I will speak to him upon the subject. I think he has sense enough and experi- ence enough to lead him to the conclusion that vaccina- tiog, is an important and desirable thing. (To appli- canT) : The time may come when you may have cause to regret what you are now doing.—The Mayor: What better illustration of the value of vaccination could we have than during the smallpox epidemic in Warring- ton. I suppose you are a stranger in the town 2 Applicant: Yes. lam leaving next week. I thought if I decided to have the child vaccinated I would have it done later on. Ido not want it ill just as we are taking it home.—The Mayor: We grant the order very reluctantly. I think you are making a mistalv.

THEFT- BY A WARRINGTON DOMESTIC SERVANT,

- _ At the Warrington Borough P dice Court on Wedner- day morning, before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and Mr. Geddes, a young girl named Annie Stringer was charged with stealing on Monday. from the dwelling house of Robert John Hough, 369, Liverpeol-road, a silver brooch, a leather purse and Sc. 3d in money, and a feather boa, of the total value of 15s. She pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said the prosecuter was a boatman, and the girl had been in his wife's service as general servant for a fortnight or three week.. On Mon- day afternoon Mrs. Hough went out, leaving the girl to take care of the baby. She left 3d. in a drawer upstairs and 9s in another drawer, which was securely locked. The feather boa was in the kitchen. She did not return until half-past five, and on entering the house found that a robbery bad been committed, and that the girl was missing. Two bent pokers were on the floor in the kitchen, and a butcher's steel lay broken on the table. The drawer was broken open, and a portion of the steel was found inside. The cash was missing. Infor- mation was given to the police and inquiries were made which resulted in the girl being apprehended at Moseley She bad then evidently spent the money with the excep- tion of a few coppers. The purse and brooch were found in her possession. The feather boa W 33 found at her •sister's. She said she had only stol-n Se 41. Her whole statement was a series of lies.— Defendant said she asked her mistress if she could co to Moseley. She wanted to visit her sisters. When Mrs. Hongh went out she burst open the drawer and took 21 43. She went on the 'bus to the station and there paid 83. for a half fare to Manchester, and from there paid 51 to go to Mossley. She was going up Stamford- road and saw her brother to whom sho gave threepence She also gave a penny to her stepbrother. She spent the rest of the money. Mrs. Hough put the silver broach in her frock on Sunday. She said she would not give it to her, but get her one with her name on. Mrs. Hough said she would give her 2s a week, but she had not done so.—The girl's father said he was very sorry this had happened. He :had never known the girl to do anything of this sort before. She had a good home, and was well liked. They could not imagine what had induced her te commit the thoft.—The Chief Constable observed that the wakes were being held at Moseley.— Mrs, Hough said the defendant had been a good girl before this. She had been with thin just over a fortnight. She did not ask witness's permission to go to Moseley and never even expressed a wish to co there. She had always fouod the girl truthful.- -The Chairman said the Bench were very disinclined to send the girl to prison, but on the contrary were desir- ous of being as lenient as possible. They would deal with the case unoer the First offenders Act, but it must be understood that a repetition of any, offenc3 of the kind would not be regarded in a similar light. In sash ease it was very certain that the girl would be sent to prison.—Mr. Stringer agreed to pay the costs and be b3und over for tie girl, who was thereupon discharged. BUOTONWOOD BREIV'Sn SUICHONED FOR BREACH OF VIE FACTORY ACT. . .

On Wednesday" at the Warrington County Pet'y Sessions, before Mr. J. Whits (in the chair) and Mr. Joshua Ball, Richard Forshaw, of Buttonwood, was summoned by Mr. J. U. Bogen, H. 51 InApec7.3r of Factories, for neglecting to report an accident which happened to a boy named James Dar, and which occurred about May.—Mr. Rogers prosocutei, and Mr. J. Worsley appeared for the defendant.—Mr Rogers said that on July 30:h an inspector visited the brewery, and on making inquiries about accidents, wa,4 informed that one had happened in May and had not been reported. It appnred that a boy was bottling, when a bottle burst and cut hia hand. Mr Forshaw said be did not think accidents of that kind need be reported. lEin misunder- stood the instructions given to him by the inspector who calird to se him in May. For the once he was liable to a penalty of £s.—The magistrat.lo disraisaed the case on payment of coots.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOK CA.SEz,.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRlDlY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman J /I igri-ziati. presid- ing. Aide man Roberts. and Mr S. Wright. DRUNK AND DigeßDP:RLY.—Margaret Yates. 5. Pilkington's Yard. waS lined 5s and costs or seven days fsr this offence in Church s'reet the previous day. PREFERRED THE SEVEN DLY.S.—Catherine Lal'ey. 49, Watkin street, was summoled for assaulting Mary Fallon. 43, Watkin street OR the 25th July. Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Complainant said she called her names, shook her fiat in her face, spat in her face three times and struck her. Evidence was given in corroboration by complainant's son.— Witnesaes were called why denied the assault. —The Chairman said they would dismiss the case on payment of 5s costs or seven days in default. —Defendant (to one of her witnesses) : Take this sovereign, change it and bring me a good dinner, I won't pay auything for her. ASSAULT oN A. NEIGIIROUE.—Harriett Taylor. Si. Forshaw- street, was charged wrth assaulting Elixabe:h Brooks, 49, Forshaw-street, on the 21st July.—Co nplainant said defend- ant struck her, making her nose bleed and gave her a black eye.—Defe•nclant said complainant knocked her down with the baby in her arms; she then hit her la return.—Corn- plainant's husband corroborated.—The Bench dismissed the case, and ordered defendant to pay the costs. SATUIIDAV.—Before Mr. T. Birchall (in the chair), and E. T. Fairclough. _

A VIM:En CUSTOMER.—Uary Quinn, a stranger, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge- street at 8.10 on Friday evening, and also with assaulting Margaret Allen, Scotland road about twelve o'clock on Friday morning,—She pleaied guilty to both charges.—P C. Kane sail Jae saw prisoner in Bridge-street at about six o'clock. Sne s drunk and very disorderly. Ste reit:Jed to go away when requested. Her conduct was disgraceful and he was obliged to take her into custody—Margaret Allen. wife of a newsagent in Scotland-road, stated that prisoner came into her shop and asked for some back slumbers of papers, She told her that she had none to snare. As she was going out of ' the shop she took something eft the counter. Witness brought her back and asked her what she had taken. She hit witness in the face, causing her nose to bleed and bruising her eye, and then ran outside and threatened to smash the shop window.—Prisoner who said she was eery sorry, was sent t 3 prison for 14 days. Moxolv.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Blaek- burst. Councillor Smethurst and Mr. Birchall. DRUNK AND DISURDMILY.—The following were dealt wi `h f w this offence : —Michael Noylan. Sc and coats ; Peter Cummerford. be and Colts; Joseph Hampson. 8 .Klng-street (whilst in charge of a horse and cab), Sc and cots : James Quigley, 25, Navlor-street, 103 and costs ; and Eliza (17th appearance), 24 Forster-street. 14 days. OTHER OFFENCES.—Thomas Kelly, butcher, Bank-street and 'thomas Geavin, Bank-street, were bound over for a breach of the peace by fighting in Queen-srreet on the 22nd , July.—Rebecca Riley, 12 Fountain-street. for making use of obscene language on the 2nd July was fined 55 and cost!.—

William Hinson, 32, St. James-street, was fined Is for having a dog at large on July 18th. THE HORSE lIID 6INCE BEEN SLAUGHTERED —4,711119. M Syers, 3& Lythgoes-lane. was charged with illtretting horse by working it whilst in an unfit state on the 17th Ju,y. —P.O.Bradley said he was in company with P.O. Gibbs in Fennel-street at about a quarter past twelve on the thy in question when he saw the horse attached to a cart. Witness accompanied the man home and on • examlnina the animal saw it was very lame on the off fore foot.—P.O. Gibbs also gave evidence. Inspector Canning gave evidence. The horse was in a very poor cow-Upton and quite unlit to work, only fit to be slaughtered. Id fact, it had since been slaughtered —The Inspe sr,or volunteered to withdraw the case on pay- ment of costs and this course was adopted with the approval of the Bench.

TUESDAY —Before the Mayor (in the oha`r) and Mr. it.

Garnett.

The CHARGII AGAINST A I.ODGING-HOUSE Kr EP E . Arthur Caveny, lodgin,g-house keeper, Ship-yard, who was rem and, d a week ago on a charge of inflicting grievous b Ally harm upon James Barnett, by kicking him in the face, on the morning of the 23rd ult., again appeared.—The Chief Constable said the injured man av ,s still in the Infir- mary, and would not be able to attend the court for a fort- night or three weeks. He therefore askel for a remand for 21 days. and agreed to defendant being again liberated on bail. -The magistrates agreed.-31r. Browne appeared for the defendant.

biaICOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—Peter Aldred, 20S, Wlnwick- street. and James .Tatlook, 3, Taylor's-yard war lined 2s 6d. and John Dickson. 20, Silver-street, 5s for not sending their 'children regularly to school.--Itr. W. Jones,' school attend- ance officer. prosecuted. REDNESDIL—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and

===== 0002601_18990804_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Geddes.

DRUNKENNESS.—AIfred Woods, labourer, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Cookbedge-lane on Tuesday aft mmoon.„ It is stated that prisoner entered Resisrs. Platt's factory, took his coat and waistci4t off, and behaved like a madman. Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour.- Edward Griffin was similarly dealt with for having been drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-street o a Tuesday nlght.—& witness stated that he was in a public house and saw prisoner put his hand in a man's pocket, He interfered, and prisoner stru2k him and afterwards created a disturbance in the street, attractiug the attention of the police. ELEgiiiva OuT,—Frank Maloney and Helen Healy were sent to gaol for a month for sleeping in a house in the course of erection in Wilderopool-road early on Wednesday morning, and having no visible means of subsistence.—Serzeant Evans and P.C. Bradley proved the case.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mews. John White in the chair) awl Jo3i4h Ball.

C 1 -Hoßsu . —Tames Norris, of Liverpool. was summoned Ifor illtreating a horse by working it while in an unfit condition at Hinton on the 4th July, and Peer Norris was summo iel for allowing toe horse to be worked.—Defen- dants pleaded not gulity.—PO. Clarke said he saw James Norris in eh trge of two horses and a furni ure van at 9 p.m on the 4th July. One of the horses was very lime and was practically walking on three legs. He stopped him, and ordered the horse to be taken out of the shafts —P.O. Alexander said the animal was very lame, and appeared to be In great pain.—lnspector Robinson (R. 5 P.O A.) Altrincham, stated he examinvd the horse at Liverpool and found it to be suffering from acute fever in both fore legs. The horse was an old one and was not, fit to do road work. Defendant said be hid hal it three years. Peter was fined 53 and costs, and James the costs of the summons. POACHING.—Henry Hunt. jun., of Rixton, was charged with trespssaing on the land of Henry Bridios in pursuit of game on the 18th July.—Josiah Illaddolk said he saw the defendant in the land with a gun at about 7.45 p.m, —A fine of 5s and oasts was imposed. DRUNICENNE s. —David Pennington, of Burtonwood, was fined 5s fcr.having been drunk at Burtonwood on the 21s: July.

RUNCORN PET CY SE9SIONS. lldowDAY.—Before Disisrs. 3ame3 Handley (presiding), and

Samuel Taylor

i-- CONSCIENTIOUS ORSEIT3R FROM WESTON.—Williaril Andrew Stevenson, Post Office-lane, Weston Point, applied for an exemption from vaccination on bshalf of his child. born on the Bth of May last. Ills reason for making the ap- plication was t'ust he believed the operation Lo be injurious. The application was granted.

A. DISORDERLY MISR A.ND AT WESTOBL—Charles Henry nolyneuir, of Weston, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in the village on the 22nd of July.—Police Con- stable Wylie stated he had occasion to speck to the man on two occasions. Late on the Satur.lay night Molyneuit ven- tured out again, and" ran his wife " rlund Compauri Row. He was so drunk, the offieer w3uld have locked him up. but or the Intercession of a friend of his.—Fined 53 and 8s 61 Costs.

BROTHERS IN TROUBLE —James Cooke and John Cooke (brothers) of Princess-street, Runcorn'. pleaded guilty to being drunk and disordeily in that thoroughfare, at about 10.30 p.m. on the 20th utt.—P.C. Harry Fry et %ted the street wa.s ustrilly a quiet one. He was called there to quell a disturbance on the night in question, and upon reaching the spot found both the defendants very drunk. The "whole street was nn" and one of them was fighting a woman.—Bela4 a first offence, defendints were let off on payment of 53. fine each. A Put&r. WARNING —Abraham Kilicross. of Weston. was brought up in custody chirged with being driao k and dis- orderly at Weston on July 22nd, and 29th, respectively. Prisoner plea led guilty, and said it would be his last time. —P.C. Wylie proved both offences.—The Bench decided to take a lenient view of the cases and final him 5: for the first offence and 5s and 5s costs for the second-153 in all

Q UARBELSOME Nkrounouna I HaLTatf-ROAD.—Antila Regan, and Ge)rge Thomas Hardman, both of Halton-road. Runcorn, and neighbours. were summoned by P.C. Thomas Rciwards for using obscane language within hearing of the public on the 22nd of July.—Both defendants pleaded guilty. —Pollee-Constable Riwards stated he was in h;s station on Halton-road at about 7.23 p.m. when he heard a row outs do. Upon investigation he found that Regan and Hardman were quarrelling. Becoming heated, both defendants h d recounts to mo3'. vile and objectionable language." (Specirnens of wiaich the Constable here eproduced.) He took out the summons as there had been numerous complaints of the bad langu4ge.—Before the officer's evidence was concluded, the defendants commeneed to quarrel with one another, in ths Court, as to who was the originator of the scene.—The Chairman observed thit the parties deserve I very great punishment, but it being a first offan.se. they would be let oft with a fine of 5s and as 6d oosss each, which was taking a lenient view, coasidering they could be fined 40s and costs.

WATER POLO.

NORTHERN COUNTIES CHAMPIONSEIIP. GREAT MATCH AT ST. HELENS,

There was a crowd of about TOO persons at the St- Helens Corporation Baths on Tweday night, when St. Helens met Everton, the holders of the "Athletic Nn9,l" Cap, in the second round of the Northern Counties Water Polo Championship. The gams was preceded by a Liverpool and Qistrict Junior Squadron Championship tie between the St. Helens and Warrington teams of six aside (each boy to swim three lengths of the bath). A capital race was witnessed, Warrington Juniors ultimataly eaining the verdict by 15 yards, in the time of Oinin. 17vc., while the St. Helens team took 9nain. 334ec., to complete the distance. During tne in- terval prior to thr4 match an enthusiastic Everton sup- port,r enlivened the proceedings with selections on the concertina. At half-past nine o'clock the following players entered the water :—St. Helens : J Aspinwall, goal : J Bretton and W Preston, backs ; P Ripley, (cap- tain) half back ; W Walker, J Mavity, and J Lawrenson forwards. Everton : C Morris, goal ; F J Treanor, and J 8 Liomersall, backs ; A L Jones, half back; C Formby, J Formby, an T R Towers, forwards. Referee, Mr J Derbyshire, Manchester. From the above it will be seen that W Walker played instead of T Green. while Everton had:their strongest possible team. Everton won the toss, and defended the deep goal Brit. Ii the opening swim J Formby vot no.session ani gave to Jones, who hauled to Towers, but Preston, swiearnin,g up, robbed him and got away. Preston was foaled, and from the throw be gave to Lawrensen, who with a back shot juat missed scoring. Tne same player again hid hard Claes. rewors then test)d A4pinw4ll at the other end, hut that player saved. However, C Formby swam up and scored, to the delight ot the Everton spectators. Altar this play became very cpiet. A. capital swim and pass b Treanor enabled C Formby to put on No 2 for Everton, who had to this point most of the play. The hearts of the home supporters sank within them as their favouritea bad noir 2 goils to rub oif. This time Ripley swam for the ball, and passed ta Mav;ty. He rlturcted to his captain who was fouled. Morris VIA 3 now called uoon to cope with shots from Lewrenson, Ripley, and Walker. He dealt with all of them socc-ssfully except Walker's, which he failed to hold, the ball finding a resting place in the net. This perf srmance was greeted with great cheering. Both teams now vymt at it, and Ripley and C. Formby hid a struegle for supremacy. victory resting with the former. No further score was registered up to the interval, when et. He'ene were losing by 2 goals to 1.

The resarnptioh of the game pr ,mird some excite- ment, as of ter Maviry hid defeated J. Formby for ilia ball, Lawrensol eltablvd Walrir to equalise amidst the wildest enthusiasm. Both sets of players went at it taamm3r and tongs, and each individual did his utmoit to put his team ahead. Formby gave Aspinwall a handful, and then Ripley, with a terrific shot, called upon Morris. The bill travelled from end to end very rapidly, and ultimately Walker received from Ripley, and put S. elens ahead. This success was, howesvr, short lived, as EYerton wont away with a rush, and C. Formby again scored. The Saiots made anoth, r great offott, acid Ripley swam for the ball. From a foul Mavity. se&ng Walker was again free, passed up to Wm, and h 9 fairly trought the house down by scor- ing his 4th goal, which won S. Helens the enatoh. A. few seconds only ren.ainel to ho played, and the excite- ment wa,l intense. EY”toa made a last try to equalise, but the Saints' defooca was too good for tly.m, Aspin. wall dealing r-ff-ctivYly with shots from the Formby's and Jones. Tne final whistle went without any further scare, and the holders of the nup retired defeated. Final result: St. Helens 4 goals, Everton 3 goals.

J. BATLEY TakAc pays Spenial Cara tojthe Quality anci Cleanliness of Goods he makes.—Advt.

The proprietors of the 110741 Oak Soap Works tender tbeix apologies to their patrons•for any inconvenienee that nr,y hive been felt In getting their Coupons for free Tablets of Britannia Herb Soap exchanged. 'this has been due to the exc-ssive call for theie Tablets and the metier: be.; to intimate that they have now very considerably Mork...need their plant in this department to cope with the growing demand so that no fuTther delay will be experieneel. They aka this opportunity of mentioning that they have now in.,roduced a beet Pink Carbolic Soap under the brand " Giant Oak" with which the free tablets of Herb Soap are Riven same as with the Royal Oak. Everybody should use hese high class soo.us,—Aelvt. CHOICR DAIRY PBC . PORK, fresh daily. J. BAYLEY ISAAC, Honera:riret-street.—Advt.

OLDBURY'S (iOCO.& is absolutely pure, bin g ensirely free from kola, malt, boos, alkali. or dny foreign admixture Caut.on I The nubile should insist on having CADBURY'S sold only in Packets andiTins—as other Cocoas are often übttitnted for the rake of extra profit.--14.1e t. (4).

'LATCHFORD BIPTIITS V. ALTRINCHAIN WESLEYANN (2ND BLEVENS). —Played at Latchford on Saturday. Score : Wei&yAns 45 Martin 22) ; Baptists 139 for eight (T Newall 38, W Newsll 581.

SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN 0.0. V- WARRINGTON CATHO- LIC o.O.—Thla match was placed on the ground of Sankey Wesleyaus. Lovely-lane, and resulted in rn easy vintot y for Sankey. Sankey Bridges. 102 runs for 9 wi2kst3 ; Warring- ton Catholics. 49 all out.

LIVERPOOL POLICE V. WinxEs.—At Fairfield on Saturday. Score :

POLICE. WIDNE9. Jackson run out l2 Hampson b Holbrook Myall o Callon b J Jones 5 Metcalfe° Bishop b Jack- Ross c Metcalfe b Hatup• _ _son . _ __ _ _ _ 0

on 0 Gardiner o Robinson b Holbrook b Edwards E,rps b J Jones 2 J jonea b Holbrook Bishop h J Jones _ . .

H Robinson ,p Edwards ... 7 brook 1 Norton o D Jones b J EdwArds not ont . 24 Jones 6 Robinson not out 4 eon Nelson a Metcalfe b J Holt b Holbrork 2 Jones 0 Callon b kf olbrook ll Blinkhorn b Ildwards 8 Wright lbw b Mayall Bate b Myall Extras

Total

Total

PROM:UM C.C. v. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—Played at Frodsham on Slturday. Linaker pkyed a fine game, and his sclre was an example of his season's form. fle played very ,4tendlly. and did not give a chance which if he had would have been taken by the Widnes men, as they treated Frod- sham with some very smart bits of fielding. Score

WIDNES WRITE aosg. Fuousecasi. Wilcock c Btna b Linaker 1 Norris Jone 3 o BArber b Nestor b Jeacock , Sadler n Jones b Linaker 44 Kennerley b Sadler ...... 4 Martindale c Posnett b Jea- Ashton lbw h Sadler 4 COCIC 5 Linaker b Barber 6B Davenport b Linaker 2 Selby c Hart b Sadler ll Hill c and b jeacook 6 Cross a Davis b Hill l5 Davies c Kennerley b Posnett a Barber b Sadler 27 Linaker Barber e Selby b Lin tker 2 Bean. a Hart b Sadler 1 Hart c Rogers b Liaaaer... 4 Jeacock a Hart b Sadler 4 Biggs b Linaker Barber not out 0

Extra 3 6

Extras

Total PRODSHAM 0,0. 2ND v. WIDNES WHITE RJSE 2ND . Played at Widnes on Saturday. Score :

WIDNIZS. FRODSHA.M. Robinson a Selby b Ash- Wright b Anderson ..... 5 worth 6 F Burrows b Temdale ... 0 Barber lbw b 0 Burrows 3 Ashworth b Anderson ... 1 Firber 0 Gleave b C Abrams c Anderson b Burrows 8 Teesd‘le Teasiale b C Burrows 4 Selby b Teesdale W Anderson 0 b Selby ... 9 0 Burrows b 'Drysdale Barkla b Pye Owen b Selby

._ .• G Anderson is F Burrows— 6 F Masker not out Butler c and lo Ashworth... 8 G Linaker ma out .. 6 Nickeon b Ashworth Hague not out 0 Illidge c Teaadale b Anderson Extras ......... ...... 9 Extras

Total CHLNCERY OF LA.NCASIIIRE

A. sitting of this court was hell yesterday at S. Gorge's Hall, before Vice-Chsnce nor Hall.

BLOCKING TEL BACK OF A WAKRINGTON BEERHOIJSE.

Brewery Company and Beerhouse-keeper V. Adjacent Owner.—la this action Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co, and tteir tenant, Ann Moffat, licensee of the com- pany's beerhouss the British Tar, Winwick-road, War- rington were the plaintiffs, and Jane Taylor. widow, owner of the houses and confectionery works adjoining, was the defendant. Mr. Maberley, with whom was Mr. Lawrence,was for the plaintiff,Mr. Roche and Mr. Coch- ran. being for the defendant. Mr. Maberley said the action was for obstruction of rigiat of way conferred by a deed dated March Ilth, 1851, which gave the owner of the Bcritish Tar a right of way " for tenantable purposes teroueh the passage now in dispute. Much discussiso en Ale' as to the estent of the limitation of the term "tenantable." Mr. Roche said he eneetioned the right of any customer te use the passage Eel a short cot to or from the back door of the public house. If customers were allowed to use the passage it would moan the admission of all Warrington, and the result of the use of the passage by customers of the Brit4sh Tar had been to Cause the defendant a variety of nuisances. Mr. slaberley denied the whole question of nuisance, which. he said, was an afterthought. The plaintlfs had received no complaint of nuisance' by drunken people, and the police bad never complained about toe house. Mr. Maberley called witnesses to prove ,the uuobstriected right of the passage for many years.—Peter Knight, furnacemen, aged 67 years. said he bean to visit ths Brit sh Tar by the back way nearly 50 years ago, in order to fetch beer fI. his grandfather, and ever since, either on his grandparent's behalf or his own behalf, he had neen a a customer for con- sumption off and on the pretaises. VI hen the passage was blocked he remarked : " There will be a bother about this," little dreaming that he would coma to be a witnees in the Chancery Court. (Laughter.) The forge at whmh he worked employed thousands of hands, and fureAce work was very provocative of thirst. (Renewed ' laughter).—Jahn Lee, aged 75 years, formerly a furnace- man, gave evidence to the like effect, stating that he used to visit the British Tar, or, as be called it, the Jolly Tar, thrics a day, and at one period he paid his workmen their wages in the house.—His Honour :—Did you pay for the beer you had on the day you learned you were to become a witness 7—Witness Yes; I never owes nothing for beer: (Laughter.) I never gets nothing like beer given to me. (Renewed laughter.)— His HOLUM! : That is all right.—Thomas °many, coal heaver, related how he had been prevented carrying coal through the passage to the British Tar. He did not know the " gradely " name of the old man who stopped him, but he wore a Scotch cap. (Laughter.)—For the defence. Ralph Norman, nuisance inspector to the Warrington Corporation, said he had called plaintiff Taylor's attention to the state of the yard and its proximity to defendant's sugar house.—Ann Beadehsw, aged 68, daughter of a former owner of de feident's premises, said the passage was, from 1839 to 1857, habitually closed at night.—Jane Taylor, the defendant, said she had been put in a perpetual fear through the acts of some of the custotners [ram the British Tar.—Robert Alexander Tayler, a son of defen- dant. and Albert Finch, lodging with defendant, gave corroborative evidenee.—As Mr. Roche was addressing the Vice. Chancellor on the sufferings of defendant, and her household, his Honour (interposing) said: To a certain extent a public house is always a nuisance to neighbours. From the manner of some of the cuitemers and their conduct in many ways, a public house isalmass necessarily a nuisance to the immediate teighbeurs.— Mr. Cochran pointed out that if the deed had meant to Include customers in the evernent.it woull have specified them.—ln giving judgment, his Honour said the defen- dant's son bad admitted that all went on smoothly be- tween the parties until 1898. Plaintiff Taylor then re- fused to let defendant's carts continue to stand in her yard at a rental of 10s a year, and defeedantfiretaliated by cutting off a proportion of the cult omers to the British Tar, and more or 1993 diverting them to a rival public house. He thought defendant had taken an exaggerated notion of her rights, and this had made her colour the evi,Jence very strongly, as - there was nothing to show that the British Tar was conducted in 1896 or since in any but the reasonable way in which it had been conducted befoze. Being, therefore! ot opinion that the stoppage of customers was an interference with the plaintlf's right of easement far tenantable purposes, he granted an injenc tion in the terms of the petition, and with coats.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMING

WARRINGTON AND DISC/MT SOCIETY Flew the s exit' Ynane Bird race frnm Gloucester 107 mile 3 on Saturday. 21 mmnbers sent 344 birds liberated by Mr. J. Buckley at 10-35 a.rn %Vinci,' West. Re- sult :

H T Longton lOl2 H Clare _ _

H Moston 1 ythgoe and Son 998 7 Cilre W Gallop 111 Baxt r e Le. ter B Burrows (2) II Bixter I Bdg rley 972 0 Lythgoe H I konktan (2) P Houghton J Tadger ev. Mill ,r Bro.; v‘ gallop H J Loujon W C Lyons:). P Lester W %shop 0).

===== 0002601_18990804_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe Orairtiner " ,teries

OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises rrHE Wgrrington and Ali -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday racrning. rrillE Barks/own and Newton .Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens .Examiner, published every Friday _L afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and !THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 13 Os. 6,1. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. ed. ... is. ICd. 3e. Od. 36 is. 04. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 le. 3d. ... 3s. id. se. 04. 54 le-. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6e. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise meat inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may he sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stamp s received for amounts under 53.

CYCLES. Premiers. £lO 10s Excelsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids £l5 10s Oct Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND

UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

The Light Wines of Germany, so appreci:ted in the Summer z'eason, arc in favour with the Medical Protes4on. " Zeller," from the Moselle distaict, is a wine light end palatable, and guaranteed absolutely pure. At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally considered to be of wonderful value. It CAII be obtained of all W. &A. LBEY'S 3,000 Agents throug bout the country.—Advt. Ladles'_ Walking Shoee,Great Variety„ SCALES AND

SONS, 3, Bridge-street, Warrington. :-Ad it. W. T. WILLIAMS' SALE is now proceeding, Millinery Mantles, Dresses. Silks. Prints, Muslins. Blouses. Shirts, Ties, Sunshades. &c., at greatly reduced prices. 74, SANKEY-STR CET, Warrington .—Adv t. Best Wearing Boots. SCALES AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Old Established, Honest Dealers, SCALES AND SONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington,—Advt.

CHAS. Y BUT LIN St PADQATA NUIZSRHIES AND POULTUY-FA.Of

Near Warringt.m. NURRBRYMBN. FLORISTS & SRND,OIIN. 10,003 BEDDING PLANTS FON. ziALii. MARKET WARRINGTO gs ft EARLESTOWN, WIGAN. If STOCKTON HEATH : MoNDAY

Insp.mtion of Nurseries invited

Ar Alt., i E 5.

B 1; II u,

130 143

Ca dayg eh obtin, er) 33, Cr II 20, xce. Sur,: bt 0, sunE

.; a,24:1' . Fr 1.0 Qa 18 9 0. erSati

GI 4iiya Go 9 55, 11( 4 0. 1 12,,

9 25, b, Leve , Li, 11 b 3 120 11

to 6 20, tzek, Lo 'qua( , Jav tl2. , IL 4 11 4( ma 7 22 27t_i

, bf. '1 lc 2 cc. ki b 1( 4,17 a. Ne 9c Pa a sb. ~, Pr 450. 6 0 c , _ -

Sa 215 Sun, ISati

1z14;0, 4tlZ , soky , 4E, 4,

===== 0002601_18990804_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

I W ITH. a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be Improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good ICompound such lc 1 COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS; , ~.

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
~ . , s s'.. • / ',4' A t' .• AN T I ILAI.t .* .. ':.. ~.„, ..„ ~. ev lIIMII4 • rt t

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

SEIZURE of F

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'REIGN FRUIT

-- IN

===== 0002601_18990804_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDO JAM FACTORIES.

W. R. Dcakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUIT is used in the manufacture of his delicious NNI-LOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which 111EA.KIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

4 e •tS, 47k , '4Ktai'l q.t. ,i gPfa ~ k.,. . R,, . „.1 :4 1d•.,. • " .4‘nko. 1,1i.L.4 :_fleadie&V,,, Aj. d a4-4,,gzzatreriv, , HARmix.ssl rt. r.,) 4 • :-..--,,,f-t - - re..., -.,,-.4 BUT INSECTS t 44.44 0 4.4 e F.P ,-...1."__;:::1 4, • t i & ,ir .. • A F:, ~4. :t , i '.... ~ v 4 te'Azt.t(4l t--,'•`' ti. 1., !1., 'ItY N 11' ii ;BEETLES,MOTHS,BU6S,FLEAS,IiI ;. -LLOWSI3I49 7 9'6114.111 c.P Btg - A. ..; fe„ ':. :.;A;itiVi'k. ;S,-- '• , ,#W.:; " • „vilc1:4:;;;,14';',1.0; ”,R.,:l etr..",-.',..

===== 0002601_18990804_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Bitti RRi tiliA v • TURF

THOUSANDS OP TESTIMONI:LS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from peop!o who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Wood from all impurities." This is a loud testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and ski/1 have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from ell impurities. from whatever cruse arising For Scrofula, Scurry, Eczema, skim aud Blooc Disease,s, Pimples, and Sorer of all kinds, itseffecta are rnar“lous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and ltheuma Ac Pains, for it removes thc cause from the blood and hones. Thousands of Teatimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ils. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLA.Ni/ COUNTII.33 DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless Inc talons.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
T • 1 aa,74, -4, 7 •••• I a 0 ieds r ' 46.1 FJ.A. P.:54 - • . • -• • # . " • •It‘ •t. A tit V'. -0 •ri I' MA! Dehcicu IS' t• • S ' tilt :t• . a , • • ISt , f • A; I. k 44. :t0 11. t• • ,761 • •• 14,/ Pet., x 404 I*S44 ~t} • yi # Se' r Y." 1 •,, , wa.. S. •itif 'll4 , Atol,` p .

C3,7'..tifi %sir

===== 0002601_18990804_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A.,_

RECEIVING HOUSE- Rarlestown

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lofton, Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES-- Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched I town at 9 a.m. and 6p time as letters.

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

7 p.rn. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I To I Callers.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire. Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire . Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, .louthport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With) & Earle& own kndon. Foreign. and the South fland (..unties & South Wales Preston, Norula Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- ' Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland cllasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- nastern, Midlamd, Northern, eastern Counth c. & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stratton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ..

" . a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 .. 1.11-30 „ 1.11-40

1. 12-0

t 2-16 p.m.

2-lb „ 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. _and 6-20 p.m.

6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.n., and 6 p.m. p.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nii. 10-15 a.rn Nil.

from the deceiving Office at Bark ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

===== 0002601_18990804_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
I An extraordinary general meeting of this Com- Ipany was held at the Bank premises. Winwick- street, Warrington, on Thursday last, for the pur- pose of declariag dividends to be payable on the Ist August and let November; and conduct- ing the ordinary business of the Company. There wis a large attendance; pre•ided over by Mr Cecil F Parr (chairman of directors),and included Messrs B W Nix, A Crewdspn, Thomas B. Dixon, John Dun, Sir David Gainkle, Bir John James Harwood, Alfred Hewlett, Peter Stubs, Alfred M Turner (directors), and the following share- holders :—The Rev Dr Earfo.tt, Messrs J C Parr, William Gamble, E C Cooper, Dr Beaman (Flaydock Lodge and Sguthport), James Lees (Bowdon), James Jolley, Henry Dean, J Duck- I worth, W Booth, J liighfield, J C Stead, W , Lorrocks (Leigh), Peter Hayes (Leigh), Henry ' Milling, Dlvid Garnett, Al tred Jolley, 8 P Lee (Lymm), Charles White Captain Withington, George Oakin. J D Buckton, I' Sward Connor, John Hartley, George Blaekhurst, William Owen, and William Sileock.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT.

The directors in ea-Laing t-e;--t-he shareholders the batince sheet, reported that the positiun and prospects of the buoiness contirued to be satisfactory in every way. Including £64,770 18s 41 brought forward Decem- ber 31s, 1898, the net balance of profits,after providing for bad and doubtful debts and rebating current bills at 5 per cent, was £222,952 19s 11d. From that sum the directors recommended a dividend at the rate cf 19 per cent, per annum, free of inconr tax, payable on the Ist August, which amounted to £65,075, a demand at the same rate payable on the Ist November to the share- holders who's names shall be on tue register on October 12th, £65,075. The clactors also recommended to trans- fer to a suspFnse account the unrecovered balance of the notes s;olen on January 23rd, 1899. of £20,610, making a total of £170,760, which left a balance to be carried to next account of £52,192 19s 11d.

THE CHAIRMAN'S SPEECH.—THE STOLEN NOTES. The CHAIRMAN said before proceeding to the purely business consideration of the report be must mention what they would see in the printed report, the fact of the resignation of their colleagues Sir Thomas G. Frost, of Chester. He was sorry to say their colleague bad found the duty of attending their meetings in Len.: don too onerous for a man of his age as he bad been a director for over twenty years. This, of course, was inevitable in the case of such an old bank and so large a direc'orate. He was sure they all witted him many comfortable years in his retirement. (Hear, hear.) There was also another resignation, which perhaps touched them even still more in Warrington. Be referred to that of Mr. Murray. Mr. Murray had been in the service of the bank when it was the old private firm of Pars and Lyon. For many years he was secretary to the bank,and when the bead pffice moved to Loudon, he consented to be- come manager of the branch at Warrington. He thought they could not, sufficiently thank him for his long and faithful services to Parr's Bank. (Hear, bear.) He was pleased that Mr. Murray was still in a measure con- nected with the bank by several treasurership& he bad still kindly consented to bold with various local badies with which he had become identified. Of ceurse they could feel that his successor laboured under some cis- advantage, coming altar so tried and old a friend to Warrington as Mr. Murray. Be was Imre his friends would best please Mr. Murray by taking his successor, Mr. Skinner, into their confidence. Be was sure that Mr. Skinner was well qualified to win their confidence and esteem. (Beat, hear.) Wnen be (the chairman), had the pleasure of meeting them a year befure they had only lately emerged from a long and dreary period ef a 2 per cent. bank rate, but since then the bank rate had never ruled slightly below 3 per cent.; and therefore having been able to employ their money at slightly more remunerative terms, they were able to present once more a fair result, which was on the balance sheet before them. They would observe tbet they had made a separate entry in the report in re- spect of that unfortunate £20,000 of stolen banknotes. They did not consider the loss of these notes came at present under the category of ordinary Dad or doubtful debts. They regarded it rather in the light al a contingent liability. If is eventu- ally did beceme a loss, in whore or in part, he was sure the shareholders would be glad to think that it had been provided tor once and for all. They were taking, of course, every possiole precaution to prevent the success- ful negotiation ot any of those notes. They intended,in every case, where there was a reasonable chance of success, to takesteps to compel the holden toprove their title. Of course, toe reward of £l,OOO was still open to any fortunate gent.emon who could earn it. Amongst the items in the belauce-sheet, the moat noticeable point perhaps was the conziderable augmentation in the money lodged. That had risen over £3.009,000 in the last six months, and was no less than £5.000,000 higher than the figures of a year ago. Snareaoluers, no sever, must not be surprised if tney find this maximum had Veen reduced by £1,000,000 or perhips recently £2,000,000 later on. Being a Large bank, they dealt nowadays in such large indrvidual eumi, nom() of which were lodged for such purely temperer} purposes as the payment of dividends or the calls upon saareheldera, that the concurrent with- drawal of vi re tow such sums might easily cause such a considerable fluctuation in the money lodged as he foreleadewed. When ail these possible withdrawals were uiscounted they would te still able to point to a steady anti gia.ifying increase in the funds entrusted to them by the putdc. On tat) other side of the balance sheet--th awe's side—Jae money at call and on short notice v. as £900,000 more then last year, and the loans and advances to customers were £2,000,000. There was nothiag in ths rest of the report beyond the ordinery flute nations to be noticed in a balance shett. They oreuid observe, they were asking for another £20,000 for the bank prem,ses' account. The amount under this heading looked larger• on paper, but it did not nearly represent the lull value if they .came to realise their bricks and mortar. Branches, they would notice, had been opened in Nor- biter), feddington, and- Ethyl, and a sub-branch at 0:d Colwyn and tuat again was in pursuance with their policy of caution and gradual expansion. The trade .of both hemispheres had not hcen so uniformly good as it was at preeeut. For some time trade had been increasing in their imports, ana there wes a still greater increase relatively in their ex- ports, which weuld be a comfort to those who say that the country was living on its income. The great elastic- ity and productiveness of the revenue, and the tremend- ous figuies of bankers' clearing housea,as well as gradual improvement of railvvey traffic here and in America, all pouted to the great activity which 'prevailed over the whole trading world. All he could say was may it long continue to their benefit and the benefit of the world at large. (Hear, hear.) Be would now move the reperz, pre: ented, and that they adopt the dividend at the rate of 19 per cect, per aerium, free of income tax, for the quarter ending 30.:1) June, 1899, and also a dividend at tne same rate for we quarter ended 30di September,lB99. Mr. E. W. Nix seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. TklANlie TO DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Mr. J. C.HARLTON Page in moving a vote of thanks to the directors for tueir services, said the resolution that had been put in his hand would recommend itself. As ao shatenoldJr of the company he proposed Mit a veep of thanks b given to the directors for their ser- vices curing the past year. BB was sure they would all of them j au with him in weicomin room there that stay. They could not help feeling, that with the large scope and influence of tee bank, the fact of tit ir being able to hold one of the half-yearly meetings in Warring- ton ungat seem eomeweat of an anomaly, and might cause them at me inconvenience, though it was one of the old associations of the bank. There was one draw= baclein the absence of their old friend Sir Thomas Frost, which they all reeretted. It proved at the same ti ee his great gr,:oi use in knowing when he felt it for his own interest, and probably for the interest of Mae hank, it Was better he should retire. It was not every- one who recognised when old age was a bar to further ueetuiness. Mr. CHARLES Mem seconded. They were ritual indebted to those gentlemen for what they bad done for them. The vote was posed unanimously. Sir J. J. Ileum) .D moved that a vote of thanks be given to the General Manager, Assistane General Manager, Secretary and other officers, for their services ouriog toe past half year. He could teetify to their zeal and fidelity. Sir DAVID GAMBLE seconded. So long as they were served as they were sat present there was nothing to fear for the future presperity of the bank. The man they had bad in the bank at Watrington was a . most excellent man. Be came from Macchester and they were sorry to part with him. Be had no doubt that they would find a very able successor in the man ' who fo,lowed tom. Mr. JOHN Dust thanked them on behalf of the staff for the re solution. Be was happy to say that the s-aft at the head aline of the bank had been considerably screngteeneo in o der to keep pace with the growing business ot the baLlt. Mr Munro who was formerly one of the managers in Liver pool had returned and was now wring with M. Whatley, the joint assistant general manager. Be could only say that he had tezeived the very greatest itsiitaetce and support from them. eVi:h irgard to the remainder of the staff each in his own person had contributed to the satisfactory result now

before them ,and he was sure they would agree with him in thanking them for the resolution that had been passed. Captain WITECINGTON moved that the thanks of the meeting be given to the Chairman for presiding on this occasion. He was sure they would be unanimous in that. No one could rt.fuse thanks to such a good Chair- man—one who was he,srt and soul in the business. Mr. GEORGE DAMN seconded.

Tt.R CHAIRMAN, in reply, said he could not say how gratified he was. It would always be his pleasure and duty to do his best in the poAlon in which he was placed. He was very glad always to cAme tv Warring- ton. Possibly in the dim and distant future it knight be necessary to take this meeting to the bead office. He was very much obliged to them ter the way in which they had received his name (Applause). This concluded the business, and the meeting dis- persed.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18990804_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18990804_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-29 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
4.33 p.m.

9-55 %.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a.na 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990804_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
IBy Postmen, 7-0 Kau.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990804_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 in.

6-5 a.in.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
14

===== 0002601_18990804_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKToN HEA-1H PAROCHIAL COMM ITTEE.

Owing to the school being cleaned, the usual meet- ing of the Stockton Ream Paiochial Committee as held at the Mulberry 7 ree Inn, on Tiaursday last week. Mr. C. W. Davenport presided, and there were also pre- sent—Messrs. F. Ptarson, J. Pembert in, J Whitley, J. 11. Clarke, G. EL Mahon. and W. G. F. Ashton (clerk to the District Council.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FLUSHING OF MAIN SEWERS.

The Clerk reported that in accordance with instruc- tions, Mr. Farrington (inspector), had prepared a report upon toe flushing of main sewers at Stockton Heath, which had its obj ct in getting an agreement with the Manchester Ship Canal Co., with a viow to obtaining water for the flushing of the sewers at Stockton Heath, with w,cter out of tht• Bridgewater Canal. The sugges- tion was to fix three flushing valves at" penstocks "in the bank of the canal. The draft of the details bad been forwarded to Mr. J. Meadowcrott, of Runcorn, whom the clerk considered as the superintendent of the Bridgewater Canal. Beyond an acknowledgement of the letter however, nothing further had been received from the Ship Canal Company.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. YOUNG'S PROPERTY.-LIVELY DISCUSSION.

A ict;.er was read trum Mr. C. Young, Faittield-road, Stockton Heath, signilying that as his property was nearing completion something might be done to com- plete the sewering,so that he might connect his property to it.

Mr. Swinton (surveyor), who was upon his holidays. had also forwarded the estimate tor the projected sewer, which amounted to £35. Mr. Davenpoit was of opinion that the Committee were not obliged 0 construct the sewer, and was very much opposed to it. He considered that if they did coastruct that sewer they would be establishing a pre- cedent, and would have to construct sewers all over the parish. Mr. Pemberton contended it was only equitable and right that a sewer should be provided. If a man made his own sewer anyone buildicg in the vicinity tit it could connect with it and it would become a public sewer in no time. The boos s taat wore built enhanced the rate- able value; they would be rated th.:. same as those which had alreaciy a connection w tit a main sewer ; wad were entitled to We Same privilege. The Clerk poin.ed out that if a person built within 100 feet of a public sewer the committee could compel him to connect, Out if the house was further than that diiitance h 4 did nr,t think the committee were compelled to bring the sewer to him. In fact he felt sure on that point. Mr. Mason contended that they had virtually agreed to pass Mr. Young's plans, indeed the only obj,ct bad been that be old not WOOF a satisfactory system of sani- tation and they being opp .sod to cesspools retorted them back. Now ho satisfactory showed how he wculd connect in the proposed now sewer Alter some further treated discussion Mr. Mason pro- p ,sed and Mr. Peinterton seconded that the prepoied sewer be made.

Mr. Clarke siid he objectod to the sewer being made and-considered it was nothing more thin an attempt to call upm them to sewer the whole of the estate, and he for one objected to saddle the ratep Lyme i.. tccitton Heitti with such a bwrden.

bdr. Pemb?rou stronglv oljeeton to the remarks of Mr. Clarke and assured them that he was entirely alb- in:erested in the matter.

O. tle In.)tionAug put Messrs. Maion and Parnber- ten vot: d for it, aud Mesbrs. Whitley, and Pesorson against. The motion was declared lost.

OTHER MATTERS.

The Clerk reported that tile new nyelaws for Stockton Heath were being considered by the Local Government Board and would be puslitd ir ard as soon as possible. —lt was decided to invii.e sainves ot the " ash psi!s " for which Mr. Ormison and Mr. R. Miller had forwarded tenders, before accepting either.

SANITATION OF THE DISTRICT

Mr. J. Farrington suom:tted a report upon the sani- tary conditions of the district. The number ot common vies was 431. number at prYies on the pail syst m 30; water cl wits 190 ; 104 of which were inside dwelling housls, and 86 outside. Tie number of ash pails seQa during the inspection was 38; but be could nct say to whom they belonged. The number of fixtd and other receptacles we 19. I: was his strong opinion, taking into consideration the number of water closets, that a system ot flashing the sewers was seriously needed. Mr. Farrington also submitted a favourable report upon the fey-r in the district, and statod he had been unable to discover any case 4 of neglect of notification that he could prosecute. This was considered satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FILESAII i HS' STRIKE.

In connection with this strike, which has now been in existence for a month, there is nothing Hffe;ii to report. The men are still rsceiving strike pay, and donations from outside are coming in freely. Public feeling is evid- 'ently on the aide of tie men for box eubscri?,tions in the town have realised almost £l5. litany societies Pave forwarded letters stating that they will bring the cese of the Warrington men be- fore their first EX. meeting. Among the donations rectived this week, are £lO from the Wiredrawers' Association (local); £2 23 Od from the Amalgamate Toolmakers of Birmingham ; from the Hair- dressers' Association (local); and .E 1 horn the Glass Cutters' Associution (local). The wire weavers and members of oi her trades have also responded well. ASh. or CUNNINGHAM' MGR-CLASS MINERAL WATHIIS

1.113047 C BENEFIT.' UNDER THE CLOCK F;R BEST BOOTS IN LiktiOASHlßE.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
I'4 fj' 11' tr,tt. Fn. WM I_, 14k.," 1:).k til VII St GL4 156 fi'lt,i7 Cada Ll i. ~. 43\9: ...LA E,,, i...„f,,,e.,,,,,..,,,.. ‘77,1,13, .. , ,;70 ,0 , 44 ' W ,:.,i,....5ir irta 4,‘'.-11.-L', A pm, . v •-• ' kir• .4,64 is,.ilg':V '''.4 _Ai 1.:214:1 ' 7kr, A. k r 7 ~,.., 0, e„.,,,_, 0,..? llf ,4 - ._., _ .A.m., .t. ~., ..; :.„ ~,,,..

BOX.

FOR ALL BILIOUS .4.IVD NERVOUS DSSOareDEWS,

19 tcaics tm in . rAnq p n Arp --,zionEm " 7c0.4- 31,4 , •,;•

ril.7.'- 7,,, ~,-, v, z;.',.L, .4; t,.-. tl'l

" Imalrod grigescgong

EilzmlgAag-al Muer and FPaor g. tt :271

Prcpard only by the Pr9prietor TH M OAS BEECIIAM, St. Helens. Lancashire, in boxes, and t's. 9d. each-, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
litters to the enitor.

---

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in al cases send their names and addresei to the Editor. Matters intendtd for publication must be written on one side only of the paper. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

THE SUNDAY TRAFFIC TO FEARNHEAD. Sir,—The Committse of Property 0 xners who arranged and guaranteed an omnibus service of seven days a week on this route., ,have ample reason to be Satisfied with their speculation. During the working days the carriages do a good trade, especially the late ones; and on Sundays they are Po crowded as to leave the im- pression that the bulk of Warrington trippers on those days converge on. Fearahead. All this must be gratify- ing and encouraging to the committee, as it will be sure to make then' popular among some classes, and perhaps aSsist in letting their house.. But, however, this may be the Sunday part of the busineEs is open to objections of the gravest kind. _ .

Christians of all denominations are agreed that on day in every seven should be devoted to zest and wor ship in obedience to the Fourth Commandment. The running of carriages on that day for hire is, therefore, an open and undisguissd vielation of the Sabbath law, and a cruel wrong to the men and animals employed in the traffic. Nay, it is even more than this. It is a cruel wrong to the Sunday trippers themselves inas- much as it diverts their attention altogether from the real objects of the Sabbath, and in numerous cases 'ln- as them for the proper discharge of the duties of the morrow. Another serious objection to the traffic in question is that it is thrust upon us without any reasonable or proper cause. The workieg classes do indeed require fresh air and change of scenery, and I should be the last persen in the world to deny them opportunities for amelioratitg their hard and monotonous life by these good things. But thanks to 'greatly reduced hours of labour, the Saturday half holiaay, and other whole holidays working people have a fair amount of time at their disposal for enjoying the purity and beauty of the country without trespassing upon the day of rest by excursioning of any kind. DILr can it be denied that, however much or little railway directors and carriage owners may desire to please the public their main object in the Sunday traffic is money. And to obtain this they do not hesitate to place the temptations of the Sunday trip and the public-house in the way of the people. Then, as a general rule, the Sunday 'busses may be regarded as feeders for the liquor shops, inasmuon as most of them begin and end their runs at the dcors of the publicans,and thereby promote the interests of "the trade." That the Fearnhead traffic is no exception is proved by the fact that the last carriages on Sunday nights are crowded with men and women whose noisy and unseemly behaviour only too plainly indicates that they have been refreshed by the publican. What a foul blot this singing and laughter is upon our lovely Esg,lish Sabbath night when Heaven and earth seem to woo men to rest and serious thought ! And what a profale and ungrateful return it is to the gracious Being who de- signed the Sabbath to refresh and strengthen us for our toils and responsibilities here, and to prepare us for a better and more enduring rest hereafter ! Just one more objection before I close. I have reason to believe that one or two of the guaranteeing members of the committee ate to be found in Warrington and other pulpits occasionally. Surely in lending their sanction and pecuniary aid to Sunday trafficking these good men must have acted hurriedly.and without due regard to the evils that would !Mew their action. Had they eat down and deliberated upon a plan to frustrate their efforts in the pulpit, and to lead people into the public house, in- stead of into the chapel, they could not have devised a bett-r method than the running of Sunday carriages. As they must by this time know a good deal of the evils which the traffic is inflicting upon a quiet country dis- trict I would hope that they may be lea to do what they can to remedy those evils by removing their cause. Yours truly, 28 July, 1899.

lONA.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

DRAW FOR THE NORTHERN -UNION CUP. The following is toe draw for next season's Cup: FIRST ROUND.

Dewsbury v. Wigan Normantou v. Leeds Outwood Church v. Widnes Huddersfield v. Idle 6tockport V. Hunslet Ossett v. /Bland Castleford v. Batley A.ltrincham v. Pontefract Manningbam V. Oldham kfolbeck v. Wh;tehaven Town Morecambe v. Whaegaven Recreation balford v. York Broughton Raugers v. Lancaster Featherstone v. Halifax Windhill v. Rochdale Hornets

Liversedge v. Leigh L?eds Parish Church v. 'Seaton Runcorn V. B,rstall Tyldeshy v. Brookland Rovers Hull v. Wath Brow Alverthorpo v. Workington Birkenhead Wanderers v. Werneth Bothwell v. Bromley Swinton v. East Moor 'Kingston lovers v Millom Hebden Bridge v. Wakefield Trinity St Helens v. Warrington Kendal Hornets v. Maryporb Barrow v. Bradt ord Goole v. Heekmondwike Brighouse v. Todmorden Badeliffe v. Whitworth

According to the new by-laws of the Union, passed at the recent manual meeting the Cup tie competition is limited to the above-mentioned 64 clubs, such clubs having been selec- ted by the Committee

SECOND Ro IND,

A—Altrinebant or PonLefract v. Leeds Parish Clauroh or Seaton

B—Hucidersfield or Idle v Alvertharpe or Workington C.-Bothwell oi Bromley v Hu:l or Wath Brow D...Holbeok or Whitehaven Town v. Swinton or East Moor B.- Featherstone or i alibis v. Manningham or Oldoam F...Normanton or Leeds v. Castleford or Batley Q...Bacieliffe or Whe.morth v. Birkenhead Wanderers or We.netki H—Liversedge or Leith v Salford or York _ _ _

or Birstall v. Kendall Hornets or Maryport J...Winohill or itochsiale Hornets V. Kingston Boyers or Millom K...Stockport or Hunslet v. Tyldesley or Brookland Rovers L...Morecambe or VN hitehaven Recreation v. Broughton Bangers or Lancaster Helens or Warrington v. Goole or Heckmondwike N—Brighouse or Tocimordeu v. Hebden Bridge or Wake- field Trinity o...llewsbury or Wigan v. Outwood Church or Widnes P... Barrow or Bradford v. Ossett or Elland TBIRD HOUND.

Q... Winner of P v. Winner of I .u.... Winner of J v. wiuuer of M d...WiLner of fi v -svinner of B T... Winner of C v. winner of 0 U.-Winner of A v. winner of G

V... Winner of A. v. winner of F W... Winner of L v. winner of 11 X... Winner of CI v. winner of IS FOURTH ROUND. A A... Winner of W v. winner of T B...W)nne: ot X v. winner of W I.U...Winner of r, v. winner of R D I.)...Wiuntr of V v winner of Q E E... Winner ot B B v. winner of D D F.-Winner t.t A. A V. winner of C C

A ST. HELENS BIGAMY CASE.

FIVE YEARS'. PENAL SERVITUDE.

In he Crown Court, Live:p uji.on lionaay, before Mr. Ju-t!co V/111,, Alartin Clayton, a slater, pleaded not go i Cy to a double rudictinent, widen charged him wiai Mr. Loraine, who conducte the case for the prop- cution, s .:d on Novomber 9, 1874, prisoner was married to Jane Lawlpßa, at St. Mary's Churca, Stockport. On April 18, 1892, he marritd El za Ann Packwood, at Heaton Norri 4, n6ar Stocap rr. One child was born or the second marriage.—Eliza Ann Co ,per, wife of a ttoker, living at Heaton ltiorri, said before hr marriage with Cooper her name •w-as r,ckwocd. Before the went through the form of m-awage with Clayton Le said he was a single man, t %entv-tive ye:tie of age. She was ta cnty years of age when the went throng!) tho form of marriage wit a Clay- ton. Whe-n the discov red prisoner was already married she left him St. Helens detective-constable said on May 23 he arrei.teA pritoac.r at St. Helens under a war- Wien wines read over the warrant, prisoner -2ephed, " Yrs, I am guilty, but my wife (meaning Jane La wie6B or Clayton) got a separation order against mein 81.0ekPort four or tve years ago, and I have not seen her llin7r."

'The ju:y found the prisoner guilty. Mr. D.Jraine said there was another indictmen', which Ch.7ged the prisoner with feloniously 'flurrying Phoebe Alico Llescitt, at S. Helens, on December 26 last, his jfrJaue

ceb3 Alice tiewitt,twenty year:: of a.e,said she went through thr form of marriage with the prisoner at St. Helens on December 26 last. He told her he was sic gle, and twenty -six years of age. She lett him about tour Months later, when she discovered he was married. He told hr his name was John Creighton. They lived with his parnti atter they were warred. The jury found tho prisoner guilty of this second charge also, and His Lordship sentenced him to fiva years' penal servitude, remarkino that the prismer had really corn- mi!ted an offence which amounted to rape by false pre- tences.

To MoTHEIO3.-31n. Winslow's but:tr.:lug ayrup has been seJ for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their :raft .n while teething with perfect success. It will relieve tr..e pour sufferer imrne diately. It is pleasant to taste: produces nattAral quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pairt and the Lilt!. niernb aw akes "as bright as a buttcm." Of all Clismists is lid per bottle. —Adrt.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

EARLESCOWN PRIZE BAND.

The above ban 4 were successful on Saturday in Raining the second prize in a brass band contest at Shaw, near Oldham. There were 9 entries and the first prize was gained by New Mills The value of the second prize was £5.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CASES.

At the Esrlestown Police itation on Tuesday morning betore Mr. J.W. Emmett,William Mellor, Regent-street, and Henry Thompson, Houghton- street, colliers, were charged with being drunk at 12-30 the same morning. They were each fined 2s 63 and costs.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO Mn. W. PARKES, NEWTON.

On Saturday evening last Mr. W. Parkes of Newton, when leaving a train at Newton-le-Wil- lows Station, thought the train had drawn up to the platform, but a sudden and violent fall on to the ballast proved to him that it had overshot the platform, and he received a bally sprained ankle in consequence. He received medical attention,and is progressing satisfactorily.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN CYCLE PARADE

At a meeting of the commit we held on Tuesday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Charlton, it was decided, owing to the data fixed clashing with the annual show of the Horticultural Society, to abandon the parade for this year. It has been de- cided however, that this will not interfere with the Old Folks' Treat, which will be arranged fo: as usual.

EARLESTOWN TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION C LASSES The following results of art examinations held in the subjects named in connection with the above classes have come to hand : Freehand : Richard Banks, Lilian Battersby, John Graham, and Harry Whittle, let; J F Coakley, Marion Holt, James A Pendry,J U Rawlings, W T Reese, Harry Rylance, Samuel Stanley, H A P Thompson, 2nd.. Model: F J Oakley, John Graham, T F Mawdsley, J C Raw- ings, 11. A Robinson, Ist; Edith Bunting, S B Bowes,Theo. Clare, and William Savage, 2nd. Draw- ing in Light and Shade: James A Bullock, 2nd This completes the list of results for 1898-9.

NEWTON-LE- WILLOWS FOOTS &LL CLUB ANNUAL M BETINO.

The tenth annual general meeting of the members of the above club was held at the Legh Arms Hotei Newton on Thurs-lay evening last week. Mr. P. McHardy presided. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmt..d. The statement of accounts showed the income for the season to be £52 13i, id, and the expsnditure ..ESL 63 21, leaving a balance of £1 63 11d. The accounts still owing amounted to £4 18s which left a net deficit of £3 us Id On the motion of Mr. G. lioughton'seconded by R. Frankland the balance sheet was adopted. The secretary read his report on the season's work- ing and it was accepted. It was decided to have the same ground as last season, and to run a second team. The patrons elected were, Lord Newton, Colonel Pilkington, M.P., Mr A C NteCorquoda,le, and Mr U dicey. Mr R Stone, •J.P., was elected president. Vice-presidents, Councillor Simpson, Councillor Evans, W H Smith, J D Smith, Rev J Ryder J W Thorp, T Siddeley, S Hutchinson, R Campbell, W Thompson, A Smith, A Knowles, and Dr H Watkins. Tne following were elected a com- mittee :—Messrs J Hilton, A Cotterill, F Eon, T Ratcliffe, A Harrison, R Frankland, J J Davidson, B Hands, R Griffin. C Brown, H Hamilton R Lee, Hon. secretary and treasurer:—P .4cLiardy assistant secretary, John Davies. Captain Ist team G Houghtm. vice-captain, Frederick Butler.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LO.O T.HOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE.

A public meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall Wargrave-road on Monday preceded by an open air mission led by Bro Woods, L.D. and addressed by Bra's Francis and Dring, Bro Leatherbarraw con- ' tributing the musical portion. Bro Clark pre- sided over a good gathering in the 'Hall, and altar a few remarks cal,ed on Bro Hobbs for a dulcimer solo, Sister Mellor gave a solo, accompanying her- self with the concertina, and sated that it was 25 years that night since she joined the good templars at the other side of the globe an... she had never repented doing so. Bro Wilson gave a mouth organ solc, and Bro Clarke 'introduced Bra Stone- house of Liverpool who in Ws lecture sketched the rise of Cnristianity in Ephesus and the opposition of the silversmiths to the new religion as they feared for their craft which would be endangered by it and showed by quoting passages from speeches delivered at licensed victuallers meetings the similarity between their opposition and that of modern brewers who being in high office in the church seek to stifle the voice of the church not for the sake of religioa but that it would endanger their craft. Bro Plant of Haydock proposed that the thanks of the meet- ing be given to the Lecturer. Mr. Bocock in second- ing, complimented the Lecturer on his able leeture and urged all to try moral suasion in limiting the drink traffic or we cannot get prohibition. Bro Francis in supporting explained that while good templars used moral suasion they would go in for anything that would limit the sale of drink but prohibition was the goal for which they were striving. Bro. Stonehouse having replied the public meeting was doted, and on the lodge being opened Mr. Dring was initiated. Bro. Woods gave notice of convention to be held at Ashton and District Lodge to be held at Tyldesley. the meeting then closed.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFTS OF EARTHENWARE AT RUNCORN.

HEAVY FINES,

At the Runcorn Police Curt, on Tuesday morning, before Messrs. F. J. Norman and Samuel Taylor, Henry Morris was charged on roman I with stealing a basin and 3 jugs, valued 2i. 61, the property of Anderton & Co.— Mr. F. A. Lake, solicitor, Runcorn, prosecuted. and Morris was defended by Mr. Stringer, solicitor, Sand- bach.—Mr. Lake, outlining the case, said numerous firms were engaged in the manufacture of po-eery for foreign market. The articles were purchased in crates and forwarded per Anderton and Co., Limited, caniere, to the sea ports, for transportation abroad. Complaints had been received of pilfer- ing in transit, and as the result of police investigations the present proceedings were being taken.—Henry Boddington said he was chairman of Andenon end Co., Limited, Stoke-on-Trent. Prisoner had been in the employ of the Company for some con- siderable time, as a boatman and was engaged in the traffic at the time of his arrest. There had been numer- ous c smpleints both from the consigners and consignees of pilfering of crockery. So great were the depredations that his customers pressed him to find out tne locality in which they took place, with the resuit that he had placed the m it ter in the hands of the Cnief Constable of the County. He complained also that the effect of the ; pilfering waste drive trade to the Railway Companies. —By Mr. Stringer: ati always theught defendant had been a good and faiteful servant.—Police Con- athlete Bowyer said that from information re- ceived he went to Rode Heath, near Saudbach, on the 21st July with a warrant for prisoner's arrest. He found that prisoner was already in custody. Wit- ness searched prisoner's house and amongst other crock- ery found the three jugs and basin (produced). He teen brousht prisoner to Runcorn. •In reply to the charge !dor is made ne reply—Albert E. Holdcroft, manager for the works of John Maidock and Sons, Burslem, said the three jugs were manufactured by his firm tor the U.S.A. trade exclusively. Such goods were never sold in England. They despatched the goods by Anderton and 'Compane,Limited.,onice—Frederick William Cireatback, traveller tor Messrs. Alfred Meakin. Limited , Tuns:all, stated the basin produced was one of their manufactures for the American trade only.—Prisoner pleaded guilty. —Mr. Stringer for the defence, said he would like to point out that priioner had previously borre a good charac:er, and had been for many years in the service of the Company. Be thought the object of the Com- pany had bees met by the publicity it would receive, and taking all things into consideration, he would ask them to let the prisoner di with a fine.—James Barlow, senior, was then charged with with stealing 4 jugs and two plates.—Mr. Lake prosecuted, and Mr. Sword, of Hanley. defended.—Similar evidence to that in the pre- ceeding case was given, and it wets eliciti d that prisoner who was 70 years of age had previously borne a good cbaracten—Alfred Holdcroft deposed to the articles being the product of the firm.—P.C. Bowyer testified to apprehending the prisoner on board the "Britannic "en the 21st July. In answer to the charge prisoner said "Yes, I did not steal any. I ca.! get as :nany mugs as I like from the potteries."—Mr. Sword, for the defence, nnsed the; previous good character of the man, who keel been employed by Anderton and Co. for 3? years.—The charges against John Barlow and James Barlow, jun., were withdrawn.—The Chairman said having regard to the fact that their employers spoke so highly of the men and that they had both been in prison several days awaiting their trial, they would be let off with a flue of £5 eacb, or 21 days' hard labour in default.

BEST BOOTS Ton ALL. UNDER THE CLOOK.—ttdvt. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATSRS.—Advt. J. BAYLEY ISAAC offers SPECIAL TERMS to SCHOOLS for his splendid PORK PIES for Walking bay.—Advt. tiRCOND HAND CYCLES. LARGE QUANTITY for ALE or HIBR.-3, S. GARLAND. Bridge-street. War- ington.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT INSTITUTE, EARLESTO WN. ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual general meeting of the members of the Viaduct Institute, Earlestown, was held in the large ; reading room on Monday evening. Mr. J. W. Emmett presided, and there were present oa the platform : Messrs. D. Harrison, C. W. Emmett, H. Bailey, Ds Bar- croft, J. B arcroft, and T. Ormand (secretary). There was only a poor attendance of members. The Secre- tary (Mr. Ormand) read the following report :—" The 30te Annual Repert we have the honour to submit for your consideration and criticism is in one respect comparable to many of its predecessors, inas- much as it is a record of a very successful year. The income for the year is £406 14s 81.1, as compered with £334 13s I.ocl for 1896, an increase of £72 Os 101-1. The increase is not abnormal but one which ought to be maintained with the present membership. The in- crease is largely owing to augmented receipts from the five following items of revenue, viz. : Actual increase compared with 189 B; subscriptions, £22 Ss 10.1 ; visitors' fees, £l2 15s lid ; bowling, £5 16s 81; apprentices' premiums, £24; hire ? of hall and other rooms, £5; total, £7O is We are pleased to record a decided improvement in the bowling receipts. They are greater than far either of the two preeeding years, hut are yet £8 less than re- ceived during the year 1894. Although the number of entrants for the 'Committee's PriV3, and the bowls pre- sented by Mr. Ralph Smith,were consideraly in excess of any previous handicap, we fear the efforts of the com- mittee to popularise this branch of E aglish sports, are not fully appreciated. You will observe that apprentices' premiums account for a third of this year's increase. viz.. £24. This is owing to a larger number of premium apprentices being employed at the works during the year under review,than in any similar period. And we would avail ourselves of this opportunity of asking our eiteemed President, through whom tnese premiums come, to cenvey to the Directors the hearty thanks of the members for such eentribu- tions, and the further evidence of their continued in- terest in the physical and educational well-being of their employes. Although our rsceipts from all sources have been ereater for the year to the 301 a Jane last than any previous year in the history of the lestitute, our ex- penses have not, we are pleasel to state, kept pace with them. This is owing to ()le of two causes e'ther good and economical, yet efficient management, or to our fewer necessities. A cursory glance shows the actual payments to have been £405 143 8 1 as against £313 43 21 last year, an increase of £B2 104 61 sylei eh is due to the committee having to some extent made provision for future centineencies with respect to the Library all tee Parse Under the head of "Library Account" you will ego that £l4 is shown tor rebinding and replacing books. Ties is not an actual:pay:nen' for liabilities incurre I last year, but is an ameua sst aside in toe balk towards the cost of rebinding books which had been sent to the binders prior to the close of the financial year. In the Park account £lO is reserved, also in the bank, for as- phalting several of the walks, largely used by the mem- bers, which as e contigums to the bowling greens. There, however, still remains an increase of £33, over last year which is more than explained by (a) the thorough over- hauling the grounds received, particularly that portion , set apart for cricket.necessicating an outlay on marl and artifisi .1 manure of £l5 19s 93, (b) A new 36 in. Mower £2O 16s. (c) Special grant to the Crlcket Club to ;earls expenses £6 83. (d) Grant to the band £5. We ought to state that there are no outstanding liabilities. Before passing from the domain of figures, we wish to refer to the grant of £5 to the bind, which was so readily given towards the reduction of the debt incurred by the band comnottee in purchastne new uniforms. It is said that of all the arte, music is the mast loved and 1 at definable, it is also equally difficult to define the attitude of the band towards the members of the Insti- tute. How very rarely they visit the Park to give the members an opportunity of listening to a selection of music which could, we contend, be given with so very lieele inconvenience to the inlividual members e, the Band, ant which would we know be el fully appreciated and enjoyed by hundreds of people if a fixed 'night, say once a fortnighs, or once a moinla, from the beeinning of April to the end of September, were arranged for Park music. We venture to throw out this hint for the careful consideration of the Band Commit. tee, feeling sure that they will arrange suitable programmes in future. Your Committee have again contributed ten guineas to the Town's Lectures Committee, a grant we hope which will meet with your unanimous approbation. fa re- viewing th i work of the ;Libra.ry, on s of the molt important of the spending departments, we have several matters of interest to report. During the year jest ender], 8043 volumes were issued, or an average of 168 pr week, as against 171 in 1898. The number oi readers was 312 as compared with 370 the previoui year. This falling off in the number of readers is diffi- cult to explain, unless it is that overtime killed the desire for literature, particularly in the summer months, or is it owing to the increasing popalarity of the evening. parer? Yu will doubtless remember that a year ago wethteted that the Library would in future be open three nights each week. 7 to 9 o'clock, from the beginning of October to the end of April. Teals concession we under- stand, has been much valued by the reading mernoers. In!te cost of Library maintenance you will, we pre- saw, have noticed an item of £6 for stock-taking. On the 31st May last your committee deemed it advisable to have the stosk of b ocks verified, seeing that it is five years in November next, since the new catalogue was issued, and instructed the Secretary. Librarian and one of the Auditors Mr. Liversage, to verify the stock. This has ben done, and for sour information we have • pl•asure in euleining an epitome of their report. They say .—" We have taken stock of the books in the Library, and beg to report that according to the Stock I Register, which is practically a duplicate, arsangel in numerical oyder,of the catalogue issued in 1894 aril sup- plementary catalogues of books purchased from that time to the 30 h June lastehereshould be 5123 volumes in the Library. Our verificeti In shows there are only 5.110 volumes, or a deficiency of 13 books. The number of books actually missing (13), represents 1 to every 394 in the Library, a very fair leakage when all the c )ndi- dons ef borrowing are fully considered, but when the number unaccounted for is compared with the number ef volumes issued between November 1894 and June 1899, 4i years, we venture to think the result is very satisfactory, because it shows a loss of only 'O3l per cent., to the turnover during that period, or 1 book missing to every 3,151 issued. We therefore beg to recommend that these 13 volumes 'be replaced, so that the books in circulation will agree with the number in the Stock register. The question of rebinding and repairing has received our very careful attention, and with reference to these two very important branches of library maintenance we found : 363 required rebinding,and 5 requital repairing. There are also 123 volumes which are either exceptionally dirty, worn out, obsolete, or no longer worth replacing by similar volumes, as in the case of scientific works out of date, that we do not recommend their replace- ment, but that authority be given for the sale of the eld books, and the purchase of others to replace, where advisable, and the substitution of currant literature for the obsolete and out of date books." Since the catalogue was issued in 1894, 839 books have been added to the Library, including 181 purchased dur- i nee the year just ended, full particulars of which you will find with the statement of Accounts. The choice of books is, like that of friends, a serious duty, and we are never more c ignisant of that responslbility than when purchasing new volumes, for we remember that a great countryman of ours, Richard de Bury, Bishop of Durham, retieg in praise of books more than five hundred years ago well said "These are the masters who instruct us without rods and ferules, without hard words and anger, without clothes and money ; if you approach them, they are not asleep ; if investigating you interrogate them,they conceal nothing; if you mis- take them they nev grumble; if you are igeorant they cannot laugh at you. The library, therefore, of wisdom is more precioes than all richss and nothing that can be wished for is worthy te be compared with it. Whosoever acknowledges nimself to be a zealous follower of truth of happiness, of wisdom, of science, or even of faith, must of necessity make himself a lover of books." The Chairman said tie- report which they had just heard read was, he thoueht ln,l of the best reports they had had. Mr. °ramrod, had left very little far him to 'say, in fact he had s timi it all, and he did not think be coula touch upon anything. He had called attention to I the bowling greens. The income from the greens was less than it Irsd been in the previous years. He thought that might be accounted for somewhat perhaps by over- time in the works. hut he thought there was another I thing against it. One of the bowling greens was kept exclusively fer a few of the members of the Institute. He did not think that CC'is fa:r,that one green should be kept exclueively for a minority of the bowlers to the detri- ment of the other members of the Institute. There was he thought, what- they called the club, and that club paid about £l. a Tear for the use of the bowling green. The other greens brought in consilerably more in revenue to the Institute, and he thought it was only fair that the members should have an opportunity of bowl- ine on that green rather than the club members should have it for their exclusive use. This had not been sue- Rested to him, but it occurred to him as I Mr. Ormand was reading the report. There was an increase in the receipts of abeut £72. That only showed there were more members join- ing the Institute, caused no doubt by the increase in the number of hands at the works, and perhaps an increase of members from the public. With regard to the band. Mr. Ormand had stated in his report that a subscription of £5 bad been given to it. They all knew very well that the Institute dist not give Some- thing for no'hing, no matter what it might be, or what It was for, but the secretary had said wha- they re- quired and he (the chairman), should be pleased if they would take tbe hint, and come on to the ground occa- sionally during the summer months, and he thought the members of the Institute would appreciate it very much. The stock-taking of books in the Library had come out very satisfactory indeed. He was much pleased when Mr. Ormand told him there were only 13 i

books missing but this could have ben accounted for in I various ways. Some of the borrowiTs may have left the town and perhaps they had forgotten to leave the bo Ars, but if they had and they came across the books,and saw they belonged to the London and North-Western Rail- way Company, he would be obliged if they would return the book. Re thou ht they hada very good library and he hoped they would have more readers during the cur- rent year than they had last year. (Applause.) The report and statement of accounts were adopted. The Chairman announced the result of the ballot for the election of six members of the committee to be as follows :—J. R. Allen 766, C. W. Emmett 729. J. Bar- croft 727. J. Anderton 691, W. Davies 691, P. Connor 627,G. W. Shan 625. Tne first six were elected.

• _ MesArs. W. SeO _ ton and T. S. Liversage were reap- pointed auditors. Messrs J. Gee, and W. Clare, Jun., were-Nlected scrutineers for the a •xt

A vote of thanks to the Chairman oi the motion of Mr D. Harrison seconded by Mr. It. Bliley brought th 3 meeting to a close.

they did not see the reward they exoected, they should remetnLer that the greatest power—God, was saying all the time " Take these ciildren and nurse them for me and I will pay vou your wages," and think that Ile wao never broke his promises, and woos) promises were plentiful would give teem the wages which labour always deserved. (Applause.) Mr. R. A. NAYLOR slid that was not the first time he had had the pleasure of saying a few words to the mem- bers and friends of the Workingmen's Mission. He had come there that day for the purpose of rejoicing wieh , them that did rejoice. It was a matter of great thank- fulness and great rejoicing for all connected wi h the mission t assenthle for the purpose of opening that building and he joined with the gendemen who had preceded him in coagratulating Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield upon the auspicious event of opening a new building of such noble proportions. He would like t 3 travel over a little ground that the others had not touched upon, and say a few wards to the workingmen who carried on the mission. For his own part he thought they belonged to the true nubility. , He had had a great deal to do with tileM in the past, arid it was a great pleasure to be assoeiated with them. They might only be workingmen, but he WAS not quite sure whether they were not descendeats of the Apostles. (Hear, hear.) Some people could get into the pulpit awl say they descended from the Apestles, and c mtd trace th . line from the commencement. Oa week days, however, they del not actl ke the Apostles. The members of the Workingmen's Mission were very unselfi ih. As hid already been said, teachers had neither pay nor reward for their services. They had, however, the great satis- faction which everybody mast enjoy who tried to do good. He did not know of any place in the town, whether church or chapel, where that same result could be obtained for the same amount of money expanded as in that mission. The expenditure was extremely small. That institution was like a manufactory for the production of good chiming, and some of the best men in the town, as men—he did not mean as regarded their position from a worldly point of view—had been " manufactured " there. In c :nclusion, he hoped Mr. and M s. Crosfield would live • for years to see the most magnificent results of their labour, kindness, and generosity in erecting the building " for the glory of God and the good of humanity. (Applause.) Councillor JAMES EVANS said that day to members of the Mission was a red letter day. He looked upon it as a most successful day at any rate so far as the exhibition was coneeraed. It was the most successful he had ever known in the history of the Bank Quay Mission, and he had been more or less intimately connected with it since its commencement. He had watched it with great in- terest up to the present time and there were one or two things he should like to say about it. He thought the censolation which might come to the mind of Mr. Cros- field as the donor of the building was similar to the con solation that came to these who voluntarily carried nut the instruction in the Sunday school. They voluntarily gavisetheir services without any pay whatever, except the satisfaction of knowine that they had at least tried to do their duty. (Applause.) Mr. THOMAS DALE proposed that the best thanks of the committee, teachers, friends and all concerned, and interested in the Workingmen's Mission, be tendered to %Tr. Cratfield, the dolor; Mr. Owen, the architect, and lir. Beckett, the builder. They could not fully appre sl- ate, he said, the blessing that wea'd accrue from the opening of the Sunday Sbool yet, but they would know more about it as years advanced. He was glad to say teat all those interested in the Mission had to some ex- tent an apoeaciation of the great benefits which came from it. Tney were not working for man, but for a higher and nobler being, God. Their friend M. Naylor, said they might be descendan's of the Apostles They might boast of verifying that. If they could trace the line of deecendency in one direction they might in , another. God had blessed them as he did the Apostles. alad enabled them to achive a glorious work. The old mission had "manufactured" good men and women and he hoped it would be wnat that room would do. They tried to teach them to live pure and honest lives, and if the mission carried out its object it would be an in- estim stole beesing to tho people that lived in the neigh- bourhood. (Annie use. ) a3dr JACKSON HeLmse,of the committee of management of People's College, seconded, and apologised for the absence of the builder (Mr. Beckett). The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. CaoseeeLbon responding, expressed his indebted- ness to Mr. Owen, the architect, for the beautiful plans he drew up, and for the manner in which they bad been carried out. Moreover, very great credit 'VI AS due to Mr. Beckett for the way in which he had dene his work. He thought they might seer that the schools were equal to any Sunday school to be found in Warring'on. Mr. Owen had designed the building in such a manner that it ceuld at any time be converted into a board soh ed if that ever become necessary. There was every appli- ance and requisite that the Educational Depart font could require. (Hear, hear.) He thoueht that the thanks of everyone were due to Mr. Owen far the admir- able manner in which he toad done his work. (Ap- plause.)

Tne boxology was sung, and the Rev. John Yonge having prmounced the Benediction, the proceedings terminated.

carthtd photolraph of Vag gchools wa,q ,yivec to each chit.' as he or she left the building. as a rneni3nto of the occasion.

Durina the afternoon, Mrs. Crosfield acceptel on behalf of Misq G.rtrude Crosfield, who was unable to be present, a beautiful bouque from Miss J. Birch.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS;

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Boar] was held at Dutton Workhouse, on TuPsday, when there were present :—Messrs. J. Mosley Williams (chairman), J. Mehd)wcroft, A.. R. Nonnan. J.P., the Rural Dktrict Councillors with Mr. George F. Ashton (clerk), Mr. W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), and Mr. James Cunnah (master).

===== 0002601_18990804_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGMEN'S MISSION, BANK QUAY.

OPENING OF THE NEW SCHOOLS BY COUNCILLOR CROSFIELD,

On Saturday, before a large gathering, Councillor John Crostield, J.P., the donor, opened the new schools, erected in Tnewlii-street, off Liverpool- road, in connection with the Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay.

The buildings consist of one large central room and three classrooms,with cloak room and lavatory accommodation for all the children who will attend the school. The large room will b 3 used for the purposes of the Workingmen's Mission awl Sunday School, and can be divided across the centre during the week when it is in use for day school purposes. Thii room measures 241 t. by 32ft. and has a height of 221 t. 91n. to ceiling. One classroom measures Sift, by 18ft. and two others 181 t. by 151 t. each. Niessrs. Beckett and Co of Warrington and Hart- ford have carried out the contract for the whole work. The buildings are honed with hot water,by Messrs. Killick and C3chran of Liverpool, but have supplementary fireplaces in the classrooms, and the elevations are of Ruabon brick with stone dress- ings. The buildings, we may add, have been erectei from designs and under tha superintendence of Messrs. William and &gar Owen, architects,of War- rington.

The prac-vclings commenced with a procession from the old schools towards the new premises, the members and friends who made up the procession being preceded by the Borough Band. The route ttken was via Liver- pool-road, Green-street, Priestly-street, Aiken-street, Leicester-street, Cartwright-street, Collin-street, Lovely- lane and Powys-street. Includinz the scholars attend- leg the dty schools the number was about 700. Quite a bright appetrance was lent to tho scene by the ban- nerettes of flowers carried by many of the children. The formal ceremony of opening the school was a': once pro- cee led with on arziv AI there.

Mr NANHAN a 'oda, president of the Mission, on be- half of the teachers and wintulttee, handed Coupe llor Crosfisld a silver key, remarking that he hoped tne school woul4 be of service to the residents of Bank Quay acid all concernet

Councillor CR)SFIELD then declared the school open. At a in e'.ling heti a little later in the schools, th 4 R3V Jahn Yonge presided. There were also present, Cl.lll. cillor and Mrs Crosfield, Mr R A and Miss Naylor.Alder- man Roberts,Cou acillors Shaw Green and James Ezans, Mr and Mrs E iward Wallington, Mr Jackson Miss Cowap,M,ssrs Nathan ough,anl T Taylor (super- intendents), T Dale, T AshlPy, and A Tilling (secretary). The singing of a hymn" These walls we to Thy honour raise," commenced the proceedings after the R3V J Yonge had engaged in prayer.

Cduncillor Jim's/ Cnosieen,who wag cordially received, 13,id that he and his wile had mine pleasure in being there that afternoon to witness the ceromeny of opening the workingmea's Mission new Sunday school. (Hear, hear.) It was nearly a quarter of a century since the Sunday school was commeeced and at that time there was not a single school on the west side of the London and North Wes' era Railway. The shoot began with six scholars and now they numbered over five hundred. (Applause.) Ile might venture to say the school had been thrice blessed. It had been a blessing to the child- ren for the instruction they had received ; it had been a blessing to the teachers for the pleasure it had given them in doing something to improve the neigh- bourheed (Elsar, 'hear), and it had also been a bee lug to the parents of the children to see them being brought up in the fear of G el The benefits of a Stand ay school like this were gut beyond computation. (Bear. hear and app'ause ) They could net estimate the benefit that would arise from a school like this, because as those children grow up to be young men and women they would feel the influence they had received while they were being taught there, and it would benefit their ires after ward% (Hear, hear.) He might say in fact, there had been letters written by rule men wh3 had said that they had never forgotten the influence exerted upon them when they were chil Iron in that Sunday school. It was a benefit as she before said, that they could not estimate, and he felt the greate,t sstisfaction possible in knowing that the children of Bank Quay had the opportunity of being cared for and instructed on Sunday in that school. He would repeat to the parents and children how grateful they ought to feel to the teachers who devoted every Sunday in tee year to the instruction of tho children. They got no reward whatever for their services, except the reward ot kn Najaf; that they were doing God's work. (Hear, he a.) The success of the school had been somewhat amazing in the past, end he trusted that the same success would continue in the future. There were two reasons why the school had been so successful. Tre fist was that the Committee had the whole maaage- meat of the school, without anyone interferieg except himself, and he never interfered unless they sent for him. (Hear, bear and -applause.) The second reason was that the school was not connected with any denomi- nation or sect except tee sect called Christians, and he held it had been one of the in,truments of success in the school, because they found children of all denominations attended it. In Stockport, he believed there was a school of that character, and they had no less than three thouFand scholars. He had every hope—in fact he felt confident—teat the success which had attended the school its the past would continue in the future. (Loud applause.) Mr. WILLIAM OWEN, J.P. (the architect), said he re- gretted that the building was not finally completed, so that :they might entirely appreciate Mr. Crosfield's generosity. There were several reasons why tip school was not completed. Fie hop el they would all see the place when it was finished. He thought that when ho teld them that the area of land there which Mr Crosfield had provided was five times as large as the old building and that the area of the scheol was considerably in excess of the old one, they would think Mr Crosfield had done his best for the neighbourhood. (Bear, hear.) Toe building WAS to he used for two purposes—religious education and secular education. He wanted to remind , Mr. Crosfield that he was present when Mr. Crosfield opened a new building which was also for the purpose 1 of education. Mr. Crosfield opened the School of Art in Warrington. They should remember that they would not have had that building had it not been for his instrumentality. It showed that Mr. Crosfield had at heart the religious and senular education of Warrington. He (Mr. Owen) thought that if anyone had covered the ground of religious wad secular education in Warrington and endeavoured to do his best for their good,it was Mr. Crosfield (Applause). In conclusion he hoped the schoo would answer its purpose. He had tried to design it so that it should be light and airy in summer, and light and warm in winter—(applause)—Eo that in winter and summer it would serve its purpose. No one would be more pleased than he—except Mr. Crosfied—if the scheol proved suocessful to those who used it. (Applause.) After the singing of another hymn, Alderman ROBERTS spoke. It gave him very much pleasure to be present on the occasion of the opening of those schools. He was present on the day when the foundation stone was laid, an I he then lead an oppor- tunity of saying a few words which he thought he could not very well amplify one the present occasion, but as he was down on the programme to occupy ten minutes he would again address them. He was glad to be there as he considered the idea of that occasion a noble one. The building had been excellently designed by the architect, and admirably carried out by the builders. He did not think he was exaggerating when he said it was superior to any place of a similar class in Warring- ton. He hoped that the purpose for which it had been given wou'd be by its results gratifying to all connected with the school. There was one good circumstance con- nected with the use of the place as a day school, and that was that it was undenominetional and unsectarian. The building would be an addition to his old school, People's College. One thing that made it more gratify- ing to him was that an old school fellow of his, Mr. Edward Wallington, was now headmaster. (Applause.) Having said so much with regard to the secular side, he would now say a word or two with reference to the re- ligious side. They did not fully comprehend at the pre- sent day the enormous value of religious education given in the Sunday schools of the United Kingdom. It was the primary duty of all parents to teach religion to their own children. In this country the parents did not fulfil their duties as they ought to do ; and in many cases, foster parents had to carry out the obligations of the parents. The Sunday School acted the part of the foster parent sup- plemented by the teachers who ;did their work without any pay or reward of the character they were accus- tomed to look for in the ordinary sense. There were times when teachers felt much discouraged, especially in the hot w eather in summer time with cramped rooms It was a difficulty, but teachers had their reward,some. times in this world, but to a great extent they had to wait for the world which was to come. When Sunday School teachers were downcast and discouraged because

WORKING MN S BOOTS, Best in Warrington at SCALES & Boris, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.

THE RETIGNATION OF THE WARRINGTON FIRE NEN. COPY OF CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN THE MEN AND THE COMMITTEE.,

We publish below the correspondence which has taken plac3 between the Warrington firemen and the Commit- tee, and which led to the resigattion of the men.

June 7th, 1899. Dear Sir,—At a meeting of the firemen on Thursday night last it was decided to ask your sub-committee to meet a deputation of the men at your earliest coiaveni- cues as regards coming away from fires and to consider an advance in pay,ae they want a proper understanding as to rules, tie. A. reply from you will oblige.—Yours respecfully, J. L. Whittle, Town Clerk.

SEIMANT MONIES:

27th June, 1899. Dear Bir,—l am instructed by the Fire Engine Com- mittee to acknowlAgo the receipt of your ietttlr of the Tch inst., and to inform you that thy will be prepared tl receive a dettmtatioa of till ny, nbz4rs of toe Fire Brieade at their meatin; on Monday, the 24th July at eight o'clock.—Yours truly, _ _ _

J. LYON WHITTLE. Mr. Thomas Monk, Legh-street, Warrington. 10% July, 189 g. Dear Sir,—l have be.n instructed by the firemen not to accept your invitation to meet the full committee, but a deputation of same that we asked for, at any time befor3 the monthly meeting. I shall bl pleased to have a reply at an early date.—Yours faithfully, .1 Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk.

TiOMAS MONKS.

11th July, 1899. Dear Sr,—l am in r,ceipt of your letter of the 10th ilst As there will be no my/Mug a the Fire Engine matnit:ee until the 24th inst. your letter suggesting that a deputation should be appointed to meet you can- a,t be considered until that date. The appointment of a deputation rests with the committee, and not with the Claaorman or myself. I very much doubt whether your request will be complied with, and suggest that you should attend th 3 next meetivg.—Yours truly,

J. LYON WHITTLE. Mr. Thomas Monks, Legh-3troet, Warrington. 24th July, 1899. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen.—Dear Sirs,—At a meeting of the firemen it was decided not to accept your invitation to inz..st tho full committ3e to-night, but mut ak you for a depatatim of tour or five to meet ours at our committee room, fira station. Also, if you did not accept this,wo must give you 14 day's notice to rasign our position as firemen. notice to expire on August B:h,lB99.—Yours respectfully. 24th July, 1899.

THOMAS MONKS.

Sir,—l a.in directed by the Fire Engine Committee to ackamiedge the receipt of your letter of the 24th inst., and to aec Int the resignntion of the firemen, the no`ice of which is pontaihed in your letter.—! am, Sir, your obedient servant,

J. LYON WHirms. Mr. Moms Monks, Legh-strest, Wa,rringt)n. DISCUSSION IN VIE COUNCIL CHAMBER. HISTORY OF THE DISPUrE.

BETTER DISOIPLINS AID A LITTLE WEEDING- OUT REQUIRED.

At a meet'ag fof the Council on Tuesday evening the mihutes of the Fire Engine Committee came up for con- tirnwioa. They contained a resolution to the effect that the resignations of the members of the brigade with thA exception of the Superintendent and Deputy Super- intendent be accepted, and that the Superintendent con- fer with the Borough Surveyor, and that they be in- structed to tske such steps as they may deem necessary ta secure the services of men to take the place of the mAmbers resigned.

C3uncillor PunaProw moved the adoption of the minutes. Witn !Wei erica t) the fire at the works or Messrs. B trker and Sms, tydock-street, he said the men workad well and they had received a letter compli- meeting them oa their work. With regard to the sale of waft old engine to the Penketh Tanning Company. for £l5, they had another engine of rather an ancient type wilich they could use in case of necessity. The mos important resolution on the minutes was that relatinet to the resignation of the firemen. There had been somg difficulty for some time past, he said, between the brigade and the committee, but he thought it mighe have been settled without tt e correspondence there hat ben. Serge int Monks had written to the Town Clerd and the Chairman of the committee, and wanted an ink terview. Toe Town Clerk wrat ein reply to grant one. They then received the letter pub lidhed on the agenda piper, giving notice of resignation of the firemen, and a deputation was not sent to meet them. The Committee were very indignant at the letter, and were unanimous in acc Toting the resignation, and refusing to go down to the Fire Engine Station as the men requested—as he should say—demanded. Since then instruc'ions had been given to Superintendent Turner to form a new hrigaite. At tho time the present brigade expired they would be prepared wi tn a new one. It was said alter wardi that the fire brigade did not wish to resign but to come to terms, tut that oug ht to have come from Ser- geant Monks who began the correvondence.

Toe MAYOR suggested if there were any signs of peace, let there be peace. Councillor PLIMPTON replied they were making for peace, but although they had a goad fira brigade, he felt the-e were some members who would do with weeding our. Before they couA come to any terms they must have a letter from Sergeant Monks asking for those terms. Until that wag done he could not see they could do so. `rue brigade required that if a fire broke out in the country, all the firemen who turned out should be allowed to remain until the fire was extinguished. The Committee held that was impracticable, because if there was a fire in the town they would be in a difficulty. The Committee thought it was unreasonable the men should ask it. They had a high opinion of the brigade, but the Committee must hold their position, and the brigade theirs. Councillor ROGERS seconded the adoption of the minutes.

Councillor JOHN ROBERTS asked if a fire broke out, what position would they bs in ? A new brigade was not to be drilled in five minutes. He thought it was an important matter as far as owner 3 of property were concerned.

Alderman FIIITCHINSON thought the acion of the com- mittee was reasonable and right. He had heard that the men had appproaohed thesuperinte ndent,and wished to say to the committee that they were sorry for what they had done.; that it was not business like, and they wished to rectify it, but they were informed it was too late. He pointed out that men could not be got together in a few days, and that if they showed their error, the committee should try and rectify matters. Councillor TINNION said he was not present at the committee meeting, but he fully approved of what they had done. The discipline of the brigad was at a low ebb. There had been slight causes ot difference between the committee and the brigade. They had found th'ngs did not run smoothly, and in the whole of the brigade generally there was a want of discipline and organisa- tion. They had endeavoured to rectify some things and Hi had resulted in an open rupture. It had been growing for some time, and that was the position they found themselves in now. They bad a splendid lot of material and a good lot of firemen. Some had been in the bri- gade several years, and perhaps had been firemen long enough. He was of the opinion that nothing but good would Come of it. They would get a brigade composed of old material but on a better footing. He ct.uld not see why they should not have in the brigade a number of the polices It was desirable in re•organising to have something like that. . _ _

• Councillor EVANS asked what was the Custom in other towns when men were called out to a fire. The deputy- chairman had said the committee had been acquainted with the fact of these differences for some time. What had been done to remedy those things ? Alderman SUTTON said he took it for granted that in taking that action the committee were satisfied, and wore very careful how they dealt with the brigade. If men of ability had to be replaced, it would have to be by those who were not so folly skilled. They should take into consideration the importance of the position of these men, and not to have unexperienced men to deal with firet.

Councillor HEATON thought they might leave it to the committee. Be believed they would do what was rig! t. Be w,uld like to remind the committee it bad taken a number of t etre to get men near the fire station. At pr sent there were 18 living within 300 yards, and at one time there were only four. They would remember it had been suggested to the Council they should get houses near the fire station. He thought perhaps both sides had not been in a very good humour. Councillor PLIIMPTON in reply to Councillor John Roberts, said he need not have any fear if a fire broke out. They would be prepared for any emergency. Thsy had the good of the town at heart,and they could mike preparations. There were a number cf man in their own employ,and a brigade could very soon be prepared. In reply to Alderman Hutchinson, they were quite pre- pared to do what was right. If Sergeant Monks would condescend to write to the committee they would, no doubt, be pleased to receive them. It would take some little time to answer the inquiries of Councillor Evans. The men had not carried out their instructions. An an in- stance he might mention that they had made a resolu- tion th+t a m -Al should remain at the fire station not more than three hours after the engine had gone. The committee thought that was long enough for the brigadei to know whether they wanted anything else in any shape or form and tcrsend back for it if they required it. There had been a fire recently in Arnley meadows,which had cost the ratepayers £l3 or £l4. The stack was burning for two or three days. There was a man,named Ratcliffe, left at the station. He should have gone at the end of three hours but be stayed there eleven, and charged 174 81 The committee refused to pay it, acid only paid 5s ed. That was the commencement of the bother. Another resolution was that every man should eater the time of his arrival at the station on a slate, but the men refused to comply with it. The minutes were then passed.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MAINTENANCE OF _PAUPER LUNATICS.

Mr. Alexander Horaby, clerk to the Committee of the County Asylum, Chester, wrote informing the Board that the rate of maintenance of pauner lunatics in the Asylum for the quarter ending 30th September was fixed at 7s. lop. per head per week.—This was a slight increay.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GIRL ANTROBUS.

A letter was read from the Cheshire County Asylum. Parkside, Macclesfield, stating that Margaret Antrobas (an inmate of the Runcorn Union Workhouse, who had been commi:ted at Runcorn Petty Sessions fir 14 days, for wilful damage to glass, on the 30,13 of June), had been admitted to that institution as a pauper lunatic. The date upon which Antrobus was certified to be insane was July 11th. Mr. A. R. Norman laved that publicity would be given to the fact, as it appeared the girl conducted her- self in a similar way to that in which she had dose in Runcorn. The Chairman concurred.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
COST OF THE TELEPHONE.

Mr. C. E. Linaker, junior, wrote on behalf of the National Ttilephone Co.. Ltd., enclosing f...rm of agree- ment neceysary to complete the connection of the house by telephone. He c,uld not,however,say when the line would be erected, but the three connections would be in the Runcorn and Widnes free district.

Toe contract was signed for five years at £lO per year.

ACCIDENT TO DR. _CARRUTHERS' OF HALTON.

The Clerk read the following letter :—lialtou, Run- elm, August Ist, 1899.—Dear sir.—Will you be kind enough t 3 inform the Board of Guardians, that I am laid up, suffering from the effects ef a Flight accident. It will probably be a few week; 13210 re lam able to atteed to my duties. In the meantime Dr. Ormsby has kindly und.rtaken t 3 look after my practice for me.— Yaws faithfully, W. HODGSON CARRUTHERS.

General sympathy was expressed with the.doctor. ST. CL&RE'S CONVENT PANTASAYII. -- _ _

Mr. S. Woodward moved that the following gentlemen be deputed to visit the children boarded out by the Guardians at St. Clare'sConvent,Pantasaph,flolvwell : Mr .1118 Ckalwick.representing Runcorn; Mr W Pickerlng, repredentifig the Fro !sham distrie'; and Mr E Fletcher" riaresenting the Great Budworth district; together with the Clerk,and Mr.J. Edwards,was also nominated as the representative to take the place of anyone unable to attend.

The Chairman remarked that be could only say he had visited the place. He was glad to see others going, and was sure they would agree when they returned that the Guardiana' money was well spent.

Mr. C. E. Linaker seconded: Mr; E. Clark) : Do they pay _their own expenses ?

The Chairman : Well, -no. - (Laughter.) The proposition was carried unanimously. FINANCE.

Mr. S. Woodward reported ,that sums for out-r(l7ef %dere granted as follows :—Runcorn, £80; Flodsham, £22; Bud worth, £23.

Mr. T. Wright seconded the adoption of the report which was carried nem con.

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.-CHESHIRE GIUND DIVISION. - - -

Trio half-yearly meeting of the above" " was held on Saturday in the Primitive Methodist School Room. Winsford. There was a good attendance isf officers and representatives from Crewe, Winsford, Wes- ton. Runcorn, and Northwich.—The meeting was pre- sided over by Mr. T. Cooke, G.W.P., of Runcorn, who made a few encouraging remarks about the position of the order, and reminded the members that this was the Jubilee year of the society. Be announced that there would be a demonstration in Runcorn early in August. —The various officers gave their reports which were deemed satisfactory and accepted.—Mr. 'roomer; J. Holt (G. Scribe) in an exhaustive report, dealt with the financial and numerical position of the society. fie stated that there were now 505 adult members and 218 elders, an increase of 34 on the half-year. It was de- cided that the annual meting would be held at Run- corn, in January, 1900. The Grand Division was then closed.

===== 0002601_18990804_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW Atrutrs, R "

---_______ NEI

'ill Tag 1 Pilau

'Vhkli

,_Xing-at ____

**ONE;

GI Mb Lan ia L

Mirth di Rad Lid MI

It% in W( -RlBrriNc EttAums Inn -mos. & boLitAcs 'tosas) l'osteß/

WO CHL

Wag/ 4,1101 AL libirtsmorr Thuredic

The Squ -----________

NOTIC Cei teeth f motice. tc eftfirruat felaht to Ihteetieg c 'lay. the VID 41°PY of -.ester ol 1,11.4 tbe 81 ;Ithe Col Le how Publi ILIVD tk..°llEN t izereof '4l6..teray' ei PPy huE vated t

Council -----___

NOTIC Qui a_itiltle, in .14, of JU s 4 WA: Lin - p„, -engin timtlnty Li Oil of Ne 7esting o the jltlttee at t da of hoon. y AND NC Mena z7atively ,T 441011 tl firllle Lie meetned -'oDect b

Chester,

u_CoPiea Z‘etings a the Ru iltattlation c klay sue t7tB are t, ma Clerk

44,ertkia, Vulness Los

LBoziaa h:qtlist's a therrauad Prietor to A V

. th_Justi, rerr Rbeu bite' lie Poi 144:ses ot 4,41Yr:4)m0 ;raiehe?,latal ag:n (1;111 hlrLTlf,;.l ,Zir.spi, kitties kip:""•• at' al "c" tioL

===== 0002601_18990804_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON —MRETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. GUST 6TH as follows :—Preacher: Mr. H. WHITE ROU,D Worship 10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. No Celleetion. Books provided.

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE JUBILEE CELEBRATION. SATURDAY, AUGUST 12m. PROCESSION FROM GREENWAY-ROAD SCHOOL- ROOM. at 2 p m , led by Volunteer Band. OPEN AIR MEETING AFTER PROCESSION On Land near the Railway Station.

PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. FOR 8 DAYS ONLY, OPENING AUGUST Gni. • HAIGH AND lIESSitY';2, NOVELTY CHOIR AND DIORANIAS. EIA.CRED SONG SERVICES ON SUNDAY NEXT AT 315 AND 8-15.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY. TENTH A.NNVAL SHOW, Will be held in WALTON PARK IC &Alt WARRINGTON. On THURSDAY NEXT, 10th AUGUST, 1899. President SIR GILBERT GREENALL, BART. Vice-President G. LITTLETON DEWHURST, ESQ. PROGRAMME : XOREING-, Judging Shit es. Light Horses, Cattle Cheese, Butter, Eggs, Dressed Poultry and Potatoes. AFTERNOON. Judging Harness and Tradesmen's Turn- outs Classes. By kind permission of Sir Gilbert Greena.ll, Bart., the Gardens and Grounds will be opened to the Public during the Afternoon, and the BESSES-O'TH-BARN BRASS BAND Will PI ry Selections of Music. Grand Stand to Lold 400. Tea Tent, rte. ADMISSION One Shillinz up to One o'cloCk. After One o'.:lock. Sixpence. Gardens, Park, and Show Ground closed at 6 p.m, H. BERESFORD MELVILLE, Secretary, 23, Bold street, Warrington. Omnibuses will leave Connors, Sankey-street, Warrington, Id frequent intervals for the Show. Fare each way, Threepenee.

WEEK END IN IRELAND. AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY. • EXCURSION TO THE BOYNE VALLEY. RETURN FARES : SALOON Bs. SiEERAGE 4s. BY the Splendid Strkamzhips ol the DROGHED STEAMPACKET COMPANY (all lit with Electric Light), LEAVING THE COLLINGWOOD DOCK ou SATURDAY EVENING. sth AUGUST, at 9 p.m. ; or SUNDAY EVgNING 6th AUG U,T, at 9 p.m., RETURNING BY ANY STEAMER UP TO THE 14zar INSP. (ON BANK HOLM 'V the STEAMER WILL SAIL FROM DROGHEDA at 9 p.m., and land passengers at LIVERP.) )L about • 6-30 a.m.. in time for bus.ness.) Enabling passen- gers to visit TRE HISTORIC TOWN OF DROGHEDA, • WITH ITS GATES, WALLS. AND CHUROHES• THE BEAUTIFUL VALLEY OF THE BOYNE, surpassing in beauty the RHINE, along whose banks are passed the sight of that battle in 169). which wrested the crown from JIM It The P tRHIS- TORIC CAVES of NEAT GRANGR, with their nude. Ciphered hieroglyphics The ivy clad remains of ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL AT SLANE, dominating ROYAL TARA. The world-famed Churches. Round Tower and: Sculptured Crosses of MONASTERBOICE, and the Beautiful Ruins of MELLIFON T. TO THE ANGLER the waters of the Boyne, Nanny and Delvin, afford excellent sport. Chant- banes, Cars, Ac., convey to all places of interest at low rates. For Guide to Tour, and further particulars, apply to the DROG HEDA. ST EAMPACK T,T CO., 23,NATER STREET, OR COLL:NGWOOD DOCK, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7198.

BOROUGH OF WARR'INGTON THE PRIVATE STRE Till WORKS ACT, 1892. WELLFIELD-STRE,ET (Footways). BRAM HALL-STREET (Footways). PRICE-STREET (Fn(twav). NOTICE IS HEREBY GIV nN, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington, acting as the UrbAu District Council, have resolvek that parts of the above streets shall be levelled, flagged, and made good, in persu,noe of '3ection 6 Of the above Act, and hay-' further resolved " That the "Pecifications, plans and sections estimates, and nrovisional apportionments, prepared by the Borough Stirs, on-. in respect of each part of each such street, be approved." The said specifications plans and sectioms, estimates and Ir,o,rlsional apportionments, or duly certified eopie, thereof wiII be deposited during one month from the Thirty-iar-t day 'DI JULY, 1E99, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at the Town Hall, and will be open to inspection at all reasonable All information may be obtained from and inspection Kiven by the Borough hnrveyor at his offices aforesaid, or by undersigaed. Dated this Twenty-ninth day of JULY, One Thousand Veit Hundred and Ninety-nine. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

TT I:IALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVERY DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

tOROUGH OF WARRINGToN. THE PRIVATE STREET WORKS ACT, 1892. Canterbury-street York-street (part of) Passage behind 113. Sankey -street Chester-street Scott-street (part of) Hardy-street Cobden-street Grove-street (part of) Garibaldi-street (part of) Edelsten-street (part of) Street off Priestley-street (between 61 and 83, Priestley- street) Iduseum•street (part o') Virinmarleigh-street (part of) Passage between 18 and 20, Garibaldi-street Passage between 31 and 33, Garib-ldi-street Passage behind 33 to 53, Priestley-street Passage behind 55 to 61, Priestley-street Passage behind 17 to 43, Garibal,ii-street Passage toshind 4 to 18. Winmarleigh-street Passage behind 135 to 141, Livernool-road Passage between Bramhall•street and Wellfield-street Thewlis-street Passage between Atherton-street and Baxter-street Passage behind 1 to 37, Knutsford-road PassPge behind 32 to 92. Knutsford-nad Passages between Crosflel instreet and Nicholson-street Passage behind 1 to 17, Plat:-street Passage behind 1 to 17, Melville-street, and 22 to 36, Watkin- street nOTICE; IS HE RIsBY GIVEN, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warr4lgton, acting as the Urban District Council, have resolved that each ot the above streets shall be levelled, paved, flagged, channelled, and made good, in pursuance of Section 6of the above Act, and have further resolved "That the spec;fications. plans and sections, estimates, and provisional app rtionments, prepared by the liorough Surveyor, in respect of each such street be kPproved." The said suecifications, plans and sections, estimates, and Provisional apportionments, or duly certified copies thereof ll be deposited during one month from the Thirty first day ; July. 1899. at the offices oc the Borough Surveyor at the „crwn nail, and will he open to in-peAion at all reasonable 'ntres. tall information may be attined from and inspection given 'a3r the Borough Surveyor at his offices aforesaid, or by the 'ander-signed. ,_Dated this Twenty-ninth ,lay of July, One Thousand Eight 'ttundred and Diinety-nine J. LYON WHITTUC, Town Clerk.

ATIro ARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD "Ti SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FRO 11 THE QUARRIES OF THII BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER,! MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGrENTS BICKERS HA.W COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marson Street, Warrinzton

POVEY AND DUCIOVORTIFS HAN'S AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

pp EG PARDON, EXCU3E ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-STREE r, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOLT."

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. E CKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85, Bridge-street, Warrington to more suitable premises at Padgate-lane, AIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the most improved type of oven, ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 193.

WEDDING PRESENTSAND. BIRTHDAY kW) COINS, WAR MEIN LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine -ele•tion of RARE COIN ;. WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUis,S, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAIL MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63-RE NSHAW-STRER'I, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate. UNI BR rd:LIJAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 38. lld ; any size. A first-class tassel with each recover. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept, in stOCk. 27,51k/ft:MESTER-BT. ; branCll,9, Great George- street, Liverpool.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS.

pI;PTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES, Lk T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure t Rupture ; registered ; oonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Lou om-rami. Manchester. .

BAR LOW'S TIC POWDERS. Care Pain in Face, Teeth, Limbs : Neurslgia, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Armtnia, &a. All Chemists Is 1d and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILIALEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

GOOD WORKM ANSH IP & REAL GOLD IS CHEAPEST. No OTHER IS EVER TURNED OUT OF OUR GILDING SHOP AT 68, H ANOVER STR Ot.T, LIVEti POOL. BRADLEY PASS AND CO. (Two doors from Bold-street).

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MASERS. 2.000 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TAILOR MADE COSTUMES 52. 61J.-TO MEASURE ONLY.-525. 6D. NEWEST DESIGNS. STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED. SATCHELL'S, 481 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

To BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS. PEELS, RODS. SCALES, BLOWERS. CHAFFERS. PIPES EGG WHISKS. PIE MACIIINESI MIXING BOWLS. WINDOW CAKE TRAYS, BUN PROVERS, PIPING RUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM FREKZERS, &c , ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN SPOOK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. Al• LOWE, 24, PRESCOP-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 194, Edge Hill. SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS BY POST is. 3D. AND 813. EACH. J. He AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NA'l URAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Cd. T ILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receint of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour, HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING ("11 WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 63. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :_ W. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RAN ELAGH-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTIML STATION).

SPECIAL SALE OF CHEAP OIL PAINTINGS, ENGRAVINGS, AND ETCHINGS. BE IT KNOWN, That we are now in a position to SELL all the LATEST ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE PUBLISHING PRICE. Bring your PICTURES to be Framed to the Best and Cheapest House in Town. NIV • ROSENBERG & CO., 46, 48, 50, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Art Gallery :-60, Lime-street.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 153. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGS. GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other Steamer : From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24, North Side t Wed., Aug. Sth 12 noon Monday Aug. 7th 2 p.m. Monday Aug. 14th 3 p.m. Friday Aug. 11th 2 p.m. Fri. ay Aug. lkth 8 p.m. Wed., Aug. 16th 2 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central; to Greenock at 6-30 p.m. ffrom Landing Stage at 3 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Singte, 10s. ; Return, valid for Two Months, 15s , Steerage, bingle, ss, SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, valid for 10 days only, are issued at 12s 6d Cacin ; is 6d Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

W. P. FRANCIS AND CO, STOOK AND stuita3 BROKERS, BROAD SIREET IIOuSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATIERS FEES OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST. WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding flings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE 101 Fie TY SHILLINGS All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illurn,nated eloak, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. '1V4,0, Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in cdnneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First class and Saloon 23s 6d Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s Od alongside Third class and Fore Cabin lls Od steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.--CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available forging via Barro or and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versl, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon 19s Od Third-class and 5a10n........ l3s 6d Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken, at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. lAIPORTA.NT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be 10CTRA sailings every SATURDAY. July Bth to SHIPTEM- BHR 2nd., in connection with train leaving Warrington at 12.25 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE Sc CO., Barrow.

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. as. CALIFORNIAN. for Quebec and Montreal Aug 3rd B.S. ASSYRIAN for t. John's N.F., and Halifax Aug. Bth as. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal Aug. 1( th B.s• PARISIAN for Quebec and Montreal Aug. 17th s. COREAN for S.. John's N.F., and Halifax Aug. 19th BAVARIAN for Quebec and Montreal Aug. 24th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, 6teerage 2`.5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warringto

-Af r HITE STAR LINE \IV L, , ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. i 44.,,faii,› LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via .: .J3MVITF:e 3, Queenstown, MAJ‘STIO Wed., Aug. 9 GRIDIANIC Wed,. Au'. 3C A BRITANNIC Wed., Atig 16 CYMRIC Fri, Sept. ...1 LNIC MAJESTIC and Th.rd Class pas„ge at low rates including Outfit free of TEsUenToOnNdlCciis isredc', rre Aug. 02 n 3 OCEANIC Wed. Sept. ...6 TEUTONIC only. charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tel If3Mirr, IMELE, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Lendenbal st.r...t r ^"6" 14".°••

1..1n0L AND GLASGOW,. calling atURCiEENOCK, weather and circum- sten 'es permitting OWL AND BIiAR Or other steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by N T some unforeseen occurrence). AUGUST. t FROM LIVERPOoL FROM GLASGOW Monday 7th 12 noon Wednesday 9th 2 p.m. 6 30* Friday 11th 1 p.m Monday 14th 2 p.m. 6 30* Wednesday 16th 5 p rn. Friday 18th 2 p.m. 6 30* Monday 21st 9p m. Wednesday 23rd 2 p.m. 6 30* t From Clarence Dock, South-West Side * By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FAREs.— Cabin (single) 10s.; return (available for two months). 153 ; steerage, (single) 5s ' • SPECIAL FARES: —Cabin return (available for ten days). 12s 6d, Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in Connection with Cheshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return tickets are avail able by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVRR & CO.. Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

ISLE OF AIAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays exceete:l). From LIVEFPoOL From DOUGLAS. Daily-10,30 a.m., & 2 p.m. I Dally 9 a.m., Bs 4 p.m. EXT A SAILINGS. Fridays spm & 12 night Mondays l2-30 ain Sa+urdays ...6 pm 3; 12-30 nt Monday 7th, 6-30 p m and Saturday Bth 8 p in 12 night Monday 7th, 1 a m & 9-30 a in DAY EXCURSIONS daily. From Linrpool -.10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Douglas arrive abt 2.15 p.m. I Liverpool arrive abD 7.45 p.m. And by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer at day exciersion fares. Also 13 A.NK HOLIDAY, MONDAY 7th AUGUST. lam, 9-30 and 10 30 amf 4 p m,6-30 p m & 12 night REDUCED DAY EXCURSION FARES. Saloon 6s. : Fore Cabin, 4s. LIVErtPooL To RAMSEy direct.—Mondays, and Saturdays also Friday 4th Aug. at 12-30 noon. Via Douglas, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, at 2 p in- The most enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailings free, or postage id. Isle of Man Steampacket Company, Limited, Imperial- buildings, Douglas; THOMAS ORFORD .t SON, 22, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER IS THE BEST IN ,WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

BARGAINS IN JEWELLERY. When you are buying Secondhand Jewellery you ex- pect to make a great saving thereby, and to secure fashionable articles of gool qt-taity and first-class workmanship The condition, too, must be such as to pronounce them FOR PRESENTS. We are able to satisfy the most exacting purchaser. Our large stock, experie-see, and the very excep- tional trade facilities which naturally apply to cesr well-known extensive busiross of BONA-FIDE PAWNBROKERS (Established 1852), in whieii we daily make advances of money to Jewellers an ;wen, of jewellery in all parts of the c,auntry, make it easy for us to supply our customers in many case= at 10S. IN THE LESS THAN THE USUAL COT PRICES. A small Cash Deposit will secure any article, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT LIVERPOOL. LIME-STREET END (Close by the Adelphi Hotel).

rp 10BACCO, CIGARS, Ar UIGARETTES, ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANOHESTRE. Established 65 Years.

T. d ‘,./LARKE. " EXAMINER ' OFFICE, 335 MARKET ST., EA.RLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. &c., &c. LADrES SATCHELS, PURSES, d a Good Variety of other Articies useful and ornamental always in Stool/4. AGENT FOR THE WiiSLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

UMBRELLAS ! U M BRELLAS U THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE TOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEM EN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND 3UNSHA.DES RECOVERED If gALP AN HOUR FROM 3s. sp. T. BR! ERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

"VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and M 033 sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d pf.r dozen ; Trout Flies, is to Is 6.1 per dozen; gut Casts,three yards nil, 41, 6cl, and 91 each ; aut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floats,two for Id; porcupines, id eacn; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHFSTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoi pe).

LONG WORTH PA' FIR tir BUTTER PAPER, 130 6d cwt eLctuß BAGS. 20s cw CHEESE „ us „ PURPLE BAGS, 93 „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , /HATE OR PINK,. 12s 63, CAP PAPER, 14 oy 2C, 71d ;16 by 24, loid ; 19133 29 Is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. is, 4 ozs. is 23 per 1000. 5000 1 SIZE id per 1020 less. ENVELOPES. Is 6d 1000. NOTE PAPER,3f3 per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 IND 6, OAK STRItEI, THOMAS-STUEET, MANCHESTER.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU.... • BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 41.LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WIEWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, bTORES, OWEN STREET.

WILLIAM I, INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. 13ILLI,4RD and Playing Cards, ACCESbORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, —..... GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, -- at. PUBLICS. Skittles, eo. Estimatea given. 381 SMIDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHRDNEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

iLILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON ROAD, IS NOW SHOWING ABSOLUTELY THE BEST AND MOST LA.DY-LIKE MILLINERY IN LIVER- POOL.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvae, Stack-corner, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheeta &c. TENTS and !AfIQUS for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, fitf ed complete. 6, CHESTER's-YAII 1), W !NWICK-STREET, WARM iGTON.

az..2 - T IVERPOOL TO BELFAST. A• . ,\ -1-1 AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY 1 Return Tic eta issued up to 12th August for 0 vE MONTH. Return Saloon IN, Return Steerage 4s. S.S. CALEDONIA:Ct (Rlect ic Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and saturday, from West side St. Ceorge'e Dcck *SATURDAY, AUG sth 10 30 p.m. TUESDAY, AUG. Bth 10 30 p.m. THURSDAY, AUG 10th 11 p.m. *SATURDAY, AUG 12th 10 30 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. Single Saloon Bs. Return 12a 6d. Single Steerage, 3s 6d. Return 5s 6d. Send for new Edition " Peeps at Irish Scenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A DELICIOUS EFFERVESCING DRINK 1 MAKES YOU FEEL BETIER WHILE YOU DRINK IT. SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD AND CHEAP. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT. ARE YOU THIRSTY? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT. ARE YOU FEVERISH? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT. ARE YOU BILIOUS? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT QUENCHES THIRST. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT CLEANSES THE STOMACH. WILLS' HYGEIA. SALT CLEARS THE TONGUE. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT PURIFIES THE BLOOD. WILLS' HYG.EIA SALT REGULATES THE SYSTEM. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT RENDERS MEDICINE UNNECESSARY. 6D. AND is. PER TIN. The Following testimonial has been received from Mr. Blakeey, Professor of Music, of Hulme, Man- chester, with regard to Wills' Hygeia Salt : "I find the Salt tl be all the proprietors claim f, r it and it has proved most beneficial in my else. A bet- ter aperient I never had. I have tried v irious other things, all of them griping me, till I tried WII,LS' HYGEIA SALT, which never causes me the s'ightest discomfort. After using it I feel better invigorated, and can recommend it to any who find a sale and pleasant aperient desirable. I shall always keep it by me, and will certainly give it my best recom- mendations." SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS: BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. Wiio SELL AT THE REDUCED PRICES OF SD. & 8.

BUY:, YOUR GROCERIES CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S, POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

EDWIN PRYOR, AND SON, 122, LONDOIi ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. TELEPHONE, 2061. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (By ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTR.) PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. OM Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. Sze., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guarameed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ie. Terms Moderate. A FINA COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRA Pll6 for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictums in the Continental Galleries.

KINDLY NOTE THE LOW PRICES ARE FORSASH ONLY. FURNISH THROUGHOUT AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 191 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL AND YOU WILL SAVE MONEY, TIME AND TROUBLE. NO ESTABLISHMENT OUT OF LONDON TO EQUAL IT FOR -VALUE, STYLE, AND QUALITY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE LOW PRICES ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CA.TALOGUES POST FREE.

UNDER DEED OF ARRANGEMENT. W. WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), JEWELLERS AND SILVERSMITHS, 14, SANKEY STREET,WARRINGTON, SPECIAL REALIZATION SALE. • 40 TO 50 PER CET. OFF EVERY ARTICLE IN STOCK. SEE WINDOWS FOR SPECIAL PRICES.

TAM O'SA, N TER AND C t RCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTI). ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UBDOUI3IEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT Alb RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepOts and Show Rooms 359 9 NORTH JOHN STREET LIVERPOOL. ELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANWAY, 37, BUTTERMIRKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, laoNmoNGERs.

EADE'S PILLS. EAD W 6 piLLs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'aotild immediately EALU'S plu.s. have recourse to EADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pus, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE S 'Emu. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very VADE'S piLLs. worst cases. These Pills are purely J.U.A vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. OUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. 1, HEUMATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unounded 1 pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had R HEUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. Rll I; UM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a Ever GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEU M ATISM since, when ewinhgenlaildhauvpe riatiaint..he GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RILE UMATI 3,141 directly. I WOULD NOT Rh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you Ilk%) of this, man I GOUT shall be pleased answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). Lung you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEIMATIO PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2e. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain RADII'S GOUT AND AIM MATIC PILLS. EADE S PILLS

For Hearly 20 years DR. I:)AVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO: WOMANKIND. They are the best knownljremedy gfor Antemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart,l Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 9id., la. lid., 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitutd. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct ,from the Pro- prietor— Dia. Diva, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

They LOOK SMART and YIELD FAITHFUL SERVICE T , 2i.iXt :., . •N (ili '..->r.A.,. HALF- GUINEA „... . . ;'. '__ -' • - _ .T.----,,,- ... , COSTUMES „..::. ,‘ ), A Promptly sent by Parcel Post, safely packed, Direct from the Largest Firm • . \ .1 of of Costumiers and illantlemen in the .• • -AA l f*' World. 111 l ts '., PATTERNS SENT POST FREE "*". k- , '''k I(together with the Illustrated Costume. Dress, 4.%,. ~, %.• -% -4 A‘\\‘, . Drapery & Mantle List) of the two g,ood durable cloths in which these Costuines are usually supplied:— 4 N. •t: N ‘, eftlaillTia . - weatherljOil rNe si NOBLEs g . C HHE,V—I JOOTHIE ANGOEB,LwEeci gohst tv uain4dE • COATING, s m oot h -,sEuvr Gf aTelle do, fme iet:hl ieurnoo. telligon ty. d 9. . : . A Fin!. Muss 1 • 52 ins. wide)for 7/6. Carriage, Bd. ,qllj* 'N. 2 t''':',:' • COLOURSof all Costumes are Black,Navy,Brown, ..,.., , Y.• 00, t ' Myrtle, Grey, Fawn, Royal Blue, Iter,eda, and _..,1'N.,: \ '\' V \ , Crimson. TIIE THREE SIZES IN STOCK are -•••;,,,...- .\'‘ .\., \ '. Waists, 24in., 26in., 28in.Skirts being 38in.,40in. :, made to measur 1/5 extra t. \ k.," P,I \,os.`:, s and 42in. long in front. Any other size can be '`:' , t,. • , .. .: \\ • ~.,..,,,-, ...t., N N \ . ' '' \• \ \ •, \\A '.. a.,. , \ "..•\, '" ' 'O. ,t.:. 4.1 c. , 2•lg' '..' 'N. ''''? , ~, . ‘ • . ' \‘ \ ,CA • --s"'z'-'C ---., k... ,„ . , . \ , .' \ ~.. , ,k.N.f.'.....,,,,-.,.. ::.,-,k •.-Ist., "... N"-Pi. . tW%.•,-,,tf;; t'tV '. ' .. • , ',F:'73' 0 $'•':\kg.411,....4.' ‘'' r MODEL 1083. -. •\ N =i,N-Fv.b...):,,.....< MODEL 124 0 . Well-made Bodice, saddle and '----.-A o e ks, •.,,..;;,..il , •‘: . • ..,;,, ~, sleeves, Bred, Ime prettily trim- \ • • ~N.tr,,fk. N ~s/' A new design ; open Coat, med black I%V 1./ Russia braid ,< . _ , , ... . •:, ..„„, well cut and smartly finished ' - : .'• ..,:‘' Fashion- able Skirt. and embroidered in contrasting ~, " 'ID ',..'"'..'-.\‘‘‘...,' 10/6 ' shade. Price complete,Car- '....*°.:%; Complete Cost u m e, \ t; IW6. Carriage Ed. The Skirt ringe, Ed. The Skirt alone for 5/6. ....., •:: . ,t, •`l, \ ~, ' Carriage, sd. •\\ a .0 \* \ '1 196 iii" .: alone for :',/6. Carriage bd. MODEL 1014. Dar ,‘ N ..ED MODEL 973. , h t KEctendsiglirifatlacTleadrttoFriLeleweitol VI ( '''''ti- / / ~ 1, ,• . • ~ -..- ~.. -, \\,,,, , ~, CarriageBtrong Suitai . ..i rpi , stout i le::: same material, and a smart Reefer ' ; :, ii 7.., -14 i. fFoßrEßE.ocyoslo3utros:7Byigecakr,sN. aAvyll, t :' sizes at same Cf. price, 5/-. Coat, lined through and finished off / / / with gilt buttons. The two garments 1! I lij together thus form a splendid outfit; I t I ; :!,.' Fawn, Brown, or Grey. State while the Frock alone can be used // 1 V. 1 i.• for school or house wear. The intu I.• "! boy's age when writing. Jacket, too, would look well with any other frock. In Black and . MOURNING ORDERS Navy only. Lengths and Prices : . I 21 24 27 30 13 36 ins. Postage i: ,' ..• . . .. ... - I. executed at 12 hours notice. ~ 1 7/11 8/11 9/11 11/- 12/9 14/9 ea.6d extra. - - • ,r •-•- ..=--_-- Bankers: " , LONDON CITY e. ~, Kindly name this paper when & MIDLAND 'l/4^ " BANK. LTD. - - wilting to _ JOHN NOBLE, urn spottree.., MANCHESTED Ils, 1 s, no

THE POLYPHON. THIS MARVELLOUS MUSIOAD INSTRU 4 ENT will PLAY by IT- SELF—Clockwork— thousand; a Tunes. You can choose your owU • 7,,.....:., kg. tunes. GEISHA. AND UP-TO-DATE 1 TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25. i1Pre4,044.e.0,, / t A ~-ZA,,Ati,i'fi!•jsiE kj /IRCHFR &SONS. --j.,'...._.„.......;,--,,v-...i..,),4:v,,,ki,,."' 43 TO 47. LORD-STREBT, _,, LIVERPOOL.

OUR CATALOGUE OF IVIAZEPPA CYCLES Large stock of new and secondhand alac%ineS• EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LISTS. IVIAZEPP;',. CYCLE CO.# Scotland Road, Liverpool.

-5, 11Y CLES! CYCIASO4 ,dr ‘..1 For Ladles and Gent. ROYAL AJAX" finestn " value. Carriage INIML-000=r, 30 per cent cheaper than wbere. Immense Stock, .01e. and Secondhand. T2-4'- rERDIE6 : FROM LOS. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINE; EXCHANGED. 1899 ILLTJSTRATr D LISTS PONT FREE. Large Cycle-Rl' School. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING 00" 4. EVRiTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch: 30, ELLIOT-STRUHT. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield.

r DR GG " EXIIIINEEL," AUGUST 4m, 1899. All communie.ations including solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the " Draughts Editor." " Examiner" Office, War- rington, and must vach the office not later than the first post on F rti AY morning. The Draughts Ritter will be please] to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, Einswer in this column all enquiries.] ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. J. LEE, Warrington : Have made all right. SOLUTION OF PROBI,EM No. 43. BY Mr. W. DARLINGTOg, Penketh. Black men on 4, 14, 22, 23, and 25; Rings on 31, and 32. White men on 6, 12, 16, 28, 29, and 30; Sings on 7, and 21. Black to move and win. 23-26 21-30 31-27 29-26/ 30-23 14-18 30-23 32-27 22-26 23-14 27-20 Blacks wins. --- PROBLE No. 44. SELECTED. [BLACK]

M r - c,7. A es:76 40 /A I ,e / ri /4 c) .2 - frA v --

_ - ...... 11 . , , 1 ' ' 1....1r , 14 t , , rb 41. 4i, 4: , _...„.,—,---:: La ,_._ ITCHINC HUMOURS Rashes, and irritations instantly relieved and speedily cured by hot baths with CITTICURA SOAP, to cleanse the skin, gentle applications of Cunotrun Ointment, to heal the skin, and mild doses of CUTI- CITRA RESOLVENT, to cool and cleanse the blood. Soid throughout the world. Foreign depots: F. NEWBZRY t SCBS, London; L. MIDY, Paris; R. Towwe & Co., §ydney. POTTER DENJG .41.1iD CRAM. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. 4,„

I MOST DELICIOUS LEMONADE ----- Eiffel Tower Lemonade is made from the finest lemons and the great advantage is that it is partly manufactured in Italy in the midst of the lbmon orchards, Ihe lemons are taken direct from the trees to the factory to com- mence their transformation into Eiffel Tower Lemonade. A itid bottle of Eiffel Tower Lemonade makes 2 gallons of aelicious Lemonade. It you cannot get it from your Grocer. tend 4Ad to G. Foster Clarke and Co., 3796 Eiffel Tower Factory, MaidEtone, for a bottle.

A WORD TO. LADIES. Send two stamps for eur new and original Illustrated Booklet. ecntaining plain and practical advice how Irregula,i- ties, Suppressions, ote., may be prevented or removed by simple means in a few hours. Recommended by eminent Physicisns, and thousands of Ladies, as being the only Genuine Remedy. This is not a quack medicine. listablished 30 years, LESLIE MARTEN, Ltd,. Chemists, 34, Dalstoa-lane London. THE ORhAT ItEREDY. ; • t ;;\ piLLs

B°O°DLACK POOL.—Mrs. LI3AII, 95 Albert-road. 3mia. from Central Station and sea ; public or private; pianos. BANGOR, North Wales.—Comfortable APARTM.ENTS, bath, &c.; highest part of city. —Mrs. HoDGINS, 8, Victoria Park.

COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS. near Prome- nade, home comforts, well recom.—lVZ DENE. Liwion- road— M rs DTTCEERS:

APARTSIIINTS to be Let ; sitting room and double-bedded room ; lovely view.—Mrs. JANE CIINNIH, Ocher Foel, Dyserth, Rhyl.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs EAVES. 16, Lonsdale Road. off Lytham Road (lmin from Promenade and Manchester Hotel.) bath and piano.

CIOLWYN BY.—Oomfortabie APARTMENTS: usual kf conveniences ; terms moderate.—Mrs. JONES, Llys Helig, Erskine-road.

BLACKPOOL.—Mus. WouraiNGTort, 107, Lytham-road, Apartments ; is' per day each person, Trams pass door, near sea. Piano. A BERSTWYTH.—Mrs. OWEN, Avondale House, 13, la Parade; board and residence ; also private Apartments, facing sea ; home comforts. BLACKPOOL, Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House, 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station, Trams and Sea (late ot Bewsey-road, Warrington).

BLACKPOOL.—Pleasant APARTMENTS; bath. piano cycle house; near station and sea.—Mrs. J. TAYLOR 51, WI haoll-road, South Shore.

DOLGELLY,—Superior APARTMENTS, dining, drawing, and six bedrooms, bathroom, etc.—Apply Mrs. Maxi)cc, Springfield Villa, Springfield-street.

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA,—APARTMENTS : Mrs. DucK- -3 WORTH, Grasmere House. St. Albans-road; public or private; bath; piano; terms moderate.

A MIRY 3TWITti. (Nielindwr, Trevor Road).—Comfortable La_ APARTMENT, ligalthily situated, splendid open mountain view, near sea. Terms moderate.—Mrs WILLIAMS.

A BERYSTWITH.—TyssiI Villa. North-road ; comfortable .11. APARTMENTS ; 3 minutes from shore; splendid open mountain view and healthiest Dort of town.—Mrs. WILLIAMS

RHYL —Well-furnished apartments ajoining church ; near sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own grounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHEPHERD, Glanmorfa.

BTIPILACKPOOL.—Try MRS. GERMAN (from Oldham), 92. Central Drive, for comfortable APARTMENTS (public or private), Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

BLACKPOOL, MRS KYR% Malvern House, Lonsdale- road, South :Au:ire. Public and private APARTM SPITS one minute from sea; bath, piano. Highly recommended ; beds is each person.

TSLE OF 6IAN.— TO LE furnished.weekly or permanent sitting-room and one or more bedrooms, also comfortiOle Apartments board Cr otherwise, terms strictly moderate.— Apply Mrs BRIDSON, 35. Derby-road, Douglas.

1/ottls, 30pDrogis. koarimitg estabs _ . LLANDUDNO—Facing the sea, Brig-y-Don Bording- house ; Gloddaeth-creseent. Beautiful position. For terms apply to Mr. MORRIS BASNETT.

I'LFRACOMBE—THE QRANVILLS. First class BOARD- - ING HOUSE Close to Sea.—Comfort. sociability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER ISLE OF MAN, CHALMER'S York House. Castle Terrace Central Promenade, Douglas, Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board 53. 6d. and 63. 6d. per day ;no extras. COLWYN BAY, BRYN HANLOG, Pwllycrochau Avenue. Private Boarding House ; near tennis grounds, sea and woods. Excellent cuisine; good garden; every comfort. Flom 7s 6d per day.—Apply MANAGERESS. TIOUGL&S.—FORT ANNE HOTEL.—Overlooking the Bay and Piers. Finest position in the island ;70 bed- rooms, pivate sitting-rooms; billiards; good cuisine ; terms from 78 6d per day ; porter meets boats.—GEOBGE ATKINSON. P-oprietor.

lIOLIDAYS.—Most Charming RESIDENCII near Cele- brnted Lodore Falls' facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled, Re-turnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 10s. per week.—EDWARD CESARI. Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

LONDON. vrlLD's TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COXTORTS, CLBANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL • TOR BUSLWESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Ca , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physielan : Dr. LY BA.RNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. ETAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

Manta. CIHRISTIAN TRAINING HOME FOR GlRLS.—Terms ‘.../ 93 per week. Address .Miss COOKE, 19a, Millburne-st., Bladkpdol.

I)LACKSIIITH WA.NTIIID. steady man. goal shoer ; used to country work ; Ilya RoGaits, Sandford, Whit- church. Salop. TO HAIRDRESSERS.—WANTED, steady young MAN, 1 GOOD SHAVER.—AppIy by letter Mr. GEILL, 50, Windsor-road, Southport.

BIRMINGHANI GOODS. Everything. Wholesale Book free (Canv.aser's Catalogues Is). Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

ElOO A YEAR. and Free Residence in Jersey (if A. desired). Lady or gentleman with small capital. —2 3, ORFORD-STREET, aianchester. NAVVIES, PLATELAYERS WANTED. good wages to good men • huts --JoSEPH PHILLIPS AND Co., Gifford and Garvauld Railway, Ormiston, Scotland. WANTED, LANCASHIRE FILE CUTTERS; permanent tmployment guaranteed. Best prices paid.—Apply THEwLIS AND GRIFFITHS, LTD., Mersey-street, Warrington. TOBACCONIbTS Commencing.—See hid. Guide (259 1. pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Ruston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted, Estimates free.—Mgr H. MYERS.

HANDSOMS HNGLISH CHINA.. complete treasure of ti 40 pieces absolutely • free in return fur a few hours pleasant work.—Wrike for particulars of this genuine offer, The NEW Gasifvfla.z POTTERY Co., Jervis-street, Hanky.

WANTED, for ROYAL NAVY, Boys, Youths, Engine room Artifi..ers, Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Coopers, Painters, Shipwrights and Royal Marines.—For pat ticulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal Marines.2s9, Liverpool- road, WArrinaton.

AMES OE GENTLEMEN in responsible positions WANTED to take up good paving A oney ; will net interfere with present employment. Give full par. timers ail to where employed Sm.—T. OWEN AND Co., 3, Falkland Avenue. 4ialford.

‘IANITA.IitY INSPEUTORSHIPS.—SaIaries 2100 to £253 O numerous vacancies; permanent appointments ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester nd other exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 00 suceesstul candidates.—Apply ,12ERT Musuaaa, science Teacher, under land ,

el:Wrath:lM MR. W. H. PAYTON 31IIS. BAC. VICT., (Organist and Choirmaster of Wyctiffe Church), RECEIViIis PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 68, LEG/EC-STREET. Warrington.

MANCHESTER oRAMMAR, FES £4 4s. PER TERM. The NEXT [TH;RM begins TUEiDAY, SEPT. 19th. ENTRANCE BXAMINATION, MONDAY, bEPT. 18th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, Jt2., may be had at the Schol. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. 1)WE1 W. COX, Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN On TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12Ts. The HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to Interview Parents On SATURDAY, SEPT. 9TH & MONDAY, SEP r. 11TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY & CLASS-ROOM. PROSPECTUS. &C. ON APPLICATION.

.t 86,500 TO ADVANCE ON MORTGAGES, REVERSIONS, LEGACIES An. In- terest from 3it per cent. CHIEF RE 'ITS FOR SALII.—J. BROWN. 501, Lord-street, Liverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. NO. 7486 2150,000 ktitofr Tgamg3elol: ecpeonstitt ooft be Ae eddvsa in:. es ud m one to suit borrowers,in any part of the eountr v.—J. W. READER, 5. Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephornk 5182.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. AIONISY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at mi Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5. £7. £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

rIELD LNG'S LIMITED -4 LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and S IRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS g. anted on ordinary Life Assurance policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/5 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £lO 5/- £25 „ 12/6 „ • £.5 „ 7/6 „ £3O „ ' 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. No fees or lines charged. hours 9 to 2, and sto 8 p.m. S..turday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDINa'S LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED ON BORROWE/C4 OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAM O. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDRBDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPHOTUS RS. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FERE OF (MARGE, on applica - don either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 201 KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES!! NO CHARGES!! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money t respeo.able Kpplictuts (male or fetialle) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECRECY, PROMPTITUDE, EASY REPAYMENTS, MODERATE INTEREST. Busine3s Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to nine; Satur- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphi Hotel). JOS. DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

DR. DE.ROO'S COMPOUND R,s NAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum tism. Weakness acro3s the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases ot the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed obe nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp. wi:h the words, • • WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon by order of Her. Majestv's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d.. at all 'Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Hollord House, HolfOrd-square, Landon, W.C.

MANLY "VEEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness? Send for Inv book, which shows how every man, young and old, can ~es thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH t6.ii [MINH or RLECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, ratd guaranteed genuine : •• I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pound s.—G. F. M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J.LEtau. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Yeats' Continuous Success.

ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. ,A ARRINGTON. • Telephone No. E. 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &a.. warehoused.

4)torto, ,*uotnesscs, err.

GOOD SADDLRIV.i SHOP; 24 years' standing, on Sale; well established ,—Apply 134, OLDRAM-ROAD, Man- chester. MRIPE, Chips. Ice Cream, Minerals, Sweets, &c., Business J. on main thoroughfare.—Apply 39, TEIORNTON-ROAD, Southport. CllßAP.—Stook, Goodwill. and Fixtures of an Excellent PROVISION and SWEET SHC,P, with good living accommodation and large yard, rent 98 clear.-56, LOWER MORS LANE. Hulme. Manchester.

To BB DISPOSED OF.--CAPE and RESTAURANT in J. one of the best positions in Southport, large double- fronted shop and rooms, ingoing about 21b0 ; full particulars from J. lIATort, Lurd-st., Southport.

&alts bp pribate Ertatp.

H. . ACKSODi G. H. J PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61., 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, PATILOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Ge ,ts and Lady's Payments taken Basy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well 26 6s D. made. Our Price

Second Hand SAFETY Payments takeu BICYCLE, almoA new; im- proved Diamond Frame, 28 inch wheels ; rat-trap pedals ; weight 28Its pump &c. all complete at Le 7 Church-street. Ad 03. OD.

HANDSOME SIDBBOARD with Large Bevelled nits Glass Payments taken back and Shelves, 6 feet 6 high. 6 feet long, lower portion with air large drawers and brass handles ; well made, and very cheap, at r"' 1 JA.CKSON'S, Church-strt et. t-,04 J. SS. OD

BBDROOM Lot, Cheap wool Bed Bolster and two Pillows for Payments taken 8s Bd. Full sized Bedstead, very strong, 15s 6d. Pair well made Mattresses, 5s 11d. Two Bedroom Chairs, 5s led; and 6 yarls cloth two yards wide, 7s 6d. The Lot for 22 Q at Chuieh-street S. 3D

TAUGR STOCK o: Overmantles at 174 63, 225 6d. 27s 6d. Z 23 6d Payments taken 375 6d, 445, P.s 6d, 67s 6d, to 77s 6d very good at 69 and 61, CHURCH-

TTITCHEN LOT, CHEAP well- J_IL made Sofa ; Large size TABLE Payments t-tken four strong Chairs. Fender and large size HEARTH RUG. The Lot for 4s. OD.

A LARGE STOCK OF Men's, lA_ Youths', and Boys', New and Payments take n Second hand Clothing for sate. Very cheap. G. H. and H. M. :JACKSON beg to announce to their customers and the public in g.neral, that they are about to sell a large stock of Sheets, Blankets, Quilts, 843., very cheap, previous to Stocktaking. Must be sold. ()N SALE, Smart Roan COB. about 14 hands high, 5 years old.—E. V. HEATON, Spring Bank, Pemberton, Wigan. riIHE HOUSEWIFE'S FRIEND. A. complete guide to brew ing. fining. Ac.. of strong and middle Ales, Porter Bitter Beer, Re. Also recipes on Wines. Cordials, Jellies, and others too numerous to mention. Price is id. Should be in the hands of every housewife. - ?TWELVE SELECTED TOILET RECIPES for Pomades, Cold Cream, Lipsal7e, Hair Dyes, Complexion Powders, Depilatories Re. Price is id. lIIIIQURNEY'S BOOK OF 100 TRADE SECRETS. A sure JO living guaranteed to every enterprising man or woman. Worth pounds, Price is id. XTOTE.—A free gift wprth be alone given to every pnr- II chaser of any of the above (as an advertisement for this month only). Descriptive Catalogues Free. BURNEY AND COMPANY, Station-street, Huddersfield.

CRCIL COMPANY'S FREE CYCLE SCHEME.—A 63 coupon FREE and 5s cash to any competing.— 203, Oxford-street, Manchester.

A LOVELY SET of BABY'S LOIVICLOTBES. beautifully lA. embroidered; unused ;50 articles .25s ; approval.—Mrs MAX, The Chase, Nottingham.

SELF MUSING FLOUR, how to make. with 11 other valuable trade and other receives, post free is. E. PARSER, Rose Villa, Mildenhall, duffolk.

CLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay ILI three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—.SMlTH & Solis, 37, Breck- road, Liverpool.

MOUSTACHIOS. —Moustachios produced on the smoothest face by using "Moustachine." Sent free from observa- tion for is; large bottles, 2s 6d; 3s 6d.—A. Douwas, 76, Parsons Green-lane, Fulham, London.

VOUR PHOTOGRAPH ENLARGED from your own _L Cabinet or Carte de Visite and framed in dark polished lf solid oak with gilt slip 20 by 15f inches for ills 6d each.— S. 1 IMPEHLEr , 166, Radnor-street, kfulme, Manchester.

fro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for ChemicAl or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

D UPTIJR/I.—Gentleman (cured himself) will send Free Particulars of Inexpensive Self-Curative Treatment ; stamped address.—Box 80, 10, Finkle-street, Carlisle.

5.P.Q.11. S.P.Q.R. S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE QUICK REMEDY I I For Sick Headache, Biliousness, InJigestion. BAIRD'S liILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS, Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. Whtn in doubt take a Baird's Pill. PRICE is. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 9id. Local Branches of BOOTS Cash Chemists : WARRINGTON : 35. BRIDGE-STP.BET, 5, BRIDGE. STREET. AND MARKET-CIA:VB. STOCKPORT :-26. BRIDGE-aTREET BR W. ALTRINCHAAI :-37, RAILWAY-STREETO liccLEs :-58, CHURCH-STKELIT. S. HELENS :-8, OR AISKIRK-STREET. CHF.STE:s :-28, EASTGATIs ROW and 30, EASTGATE- STREET.

fiiarbimerp, dr. pATRNT OFFICIa MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. fdessr GEORGE DAVIRii & SON have ba4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praetioalknowiedge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

lIARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, 9 n 9 v LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED FOR THE WAREHOUSING AND DISPOSAL OF FURNITURE Or any other kind of Property. I Tel, No. 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturdays 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE AND HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, consistiug chiefly ef GENUINE SECOND-HAND ARTICLES Consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very best quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing and repute and now offered for sale at most moderate prices, EXTRE VIE LOWNESS OF PRICE having always been THE SPECIAL FEATURE of our business. Being also auctioneers we have unrivalled opportunities for securing bargains. an I are thus in a position to give our customers EXCEPTIONAL ADVAFTAGES. Not obtainable elsewhere: WE SHOULD LIKE you to call and inspect out Stock, even if you do not happen to intend tuying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms without being pested to buy, as in other places ; but people of commonsense will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods Iwo IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS—NETT CASH ON OR I:EFOR le DELIVERY. If the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free of charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a seasonable deposit. UPRIGHT CONCERT GRAND, by R. Barthol, Berlin, magnificent instruraeat of powerful and sonorous tone, enclosed in natural rosewood case, with marqueteril panel ; the list price of this instrument is 70 guineas ; now offered for half that amount, as it must be sold before Au ust 10, in order to close the estate. Anyone requiring a really high class piano will find in this a special bargain, and can have every confidence as to reliability, the piano being sold under the maker's guarantee, coupled with our own. Con- signment No. b4lB. Price 35 guineas. HIGH-CLASS COTTAGE PIANO by the famous makers, Eberhardt and Co., of exquisite tone and touch, and having all most recent imnrovements,enclosed in choice burr walnut case, with beautitully inlaid panel front; altogether an especially fine little instrument. Was purchased less than three months ago for £3B cash. Price now £24. Hartley's. 202, London-road, COTTAGE PIANOFORTE by Van Gruisen, a thoroughly sound instrument of the most modern type, enclosed in burr walnut case, nearly new. Cost 35 guineas ; price now £l6 10s. —Hartley's, 202, London-road. CIARPETS.—SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY.—Bankrupt Stock kJ of Carpets, just purchased from the trustas at an extremely low figure, enabling us to offer unequalled value in all kinds of carpets and rugs, velvet pile, Axminster, Wilton, Brussels. tapestry. Ace made up into bordered stew:ems of various dimensions; grand range of patterns. Also a large number of Hearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting- _Hartley's, 202, London-road. MIAGNIFICENT ROLL-TOP DESK of an entirely unique pattern, made from solid brown oak aired of massive construction, having all the usual fittings, in addition to which the pedestals revolve outwards, disclosing interior shelves and cabinets. This will be found to be an exceedingly commodious and convenient desk. Price £2O cost £35. No. 54., s.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. PRESENTATION CABINET of Cutlery and Blectro-Plate by F. Wood, Sheffield. A three-tier Cabinet iu polished I oak. with folding doors and heavy brass handles, the I contents comprising one dozen each table and deeserc, knives two pairs carvers and steel, one dozen each large and small forks, half a dozen table spoons, one dozen desserts, one dozen tea and half a dozen egg spoons, large and small ladles, sugar tongs, pickle fork, jam spoons, butter knives, knife rests, serviette Hags, and several other pieces, all best electro plate, and have never been used, being a wedding present to late owner. Cost £2O guineas; price now £lO 17s 64. No. 5423.—Hartley's, 202. London-rd. OSEWOOD SETTEE, with armchair and lady's chair to le match, hair stuffed and covered in figured blue plush; £7 103 ; originally eost £2O. Two Folding Chairsamholetered to accord; 12s 6cl each. Rosewood MUSIC CABINET to match ; only 30s; cost £4 USIO CABINET, inlaid rosewood, with ' glazed door, LYI surmounted by shelf back with mirror panel inset. 23 15s ; cost £6 10. No 6319 DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, Louis XVI style, in dark mahogany, of best style and finish. £l5; cost 30 guineas. No 5154—Hartley's, 202, London-road. DRAWING ROOM CABINET, most fashionable style,2l2. No 5367—Hartley's, 202, London-road, DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, very pretty design. £lO 12s 6d No 5265—Hartley's 252. London-road. DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, bow front. £3 5s No 4949. Hartley's, 202, London-road, IRRAWING-ROOM CABINET, latest style. £6 15. No. 5364—Hartley's, 202. London-road. GILT CLOCK and Pair Side Ornaments, with hand- painted china panels, under glass shades. Only £2 108 the set: No 5190 —Hartley's, 202, London-road. VIRST-CLASS DIVAN SUITE; six single chairs, two .1: lounge chairs and divan couch, With good walnut frames. upholstered in saddlebags and old gold plush. Price £l3 17e 6d worth 20 guineas. No. 5292. WALNeT DRAWING-ROOM BUILT of most approved style, upholstered in rich Genoa velvet; only £6 2s 65 ; No. 6469. Another excellent Suite, in green velvet; Efi • No. 5468.—Hartley's, 202, London-road, R&WING ROOM SUITE of Louis XV. style, with finely- -1.1 carved frames of dark mahogany, hair stuffed, and covered in old geld silk tapestry, with plush borders ; condi- tion as new. Price £22 10s. No, 5087.—Hartley's. SUP IiRB DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with carved frames ebonised on rosewood upholstered in the choicest' flowered silk tapestry, and undoubtedly a suite of the very best class obtainable, having been purchased from a West End London firm for 40 guineas. Having been taken great care of, it is little worse than new. Price £24, No. 5266. Hartley's, 202, London-road. SMALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, neatly designed,and. of exceptionally good finish. £4 10s, No 5281, A FT WALNUT SIDEBOARD with mirror back, £3 511 No 52155.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front elaeorately carved and surmounted by mirror-panelled canopy back. 27 15s ; cost £l2 15e recently. FT. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design LP and best finish. £8 ; cost £l4. No. 5280. sft. Walnut Sideboard £7.—Hartley's, 202, London-road, OFT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front and miiror- (l panelled canopy back. Only £l2 ; cost £25. No. 5918. Hartley's, 202, London-road. ('FT. BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD of high-class workman. skip and design, finely carved and baying lofty and imposing mirror back. £l7 10s; cost £35. No' 4831, Hartley's, 202, London-road, I\TOBLE SIDEBOARD, 61t. wide and 81t. 61n. high, in solid .1/ walnut, lined throughout with mahogany and of very superior style and finish, having been designed and made specially to order tor the diningroom of local shipewner's residence at a cost of £45. Now to be enid at half cost, £22 10s. No. 5572. WALIsTUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, covered in leather cloth, well made and well upholstered, a good,reliable suite. £4 12s 6d : worth £7 10e, WALNUT SUITE, upholstered in rich looking saddle bags of splendid quality ; suitable for either parlour or dining room. £9 10s. No. 5840. ATERY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely V finished brown oak frames of artistic deslgn,upholstered In dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll les ; cost £2l 103. No. 3947. EXCELLENT WALNUT SUITE. with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush, £3 10s. Walnut Suite, with padded backs, in crimson plush, £6 10s. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE of admirable work- VT manship and design, upholstered in real skins. £ll 175 6d. No. 49e9. Hartley's, 252, London-road. OAK SPOONBACK DINING ROOM SUITE, with Very heavy frames of uncommon design, upholstered in fine grain moroccos. £l7 10s cest £3O a short time ago. No. 5262.—Hartley'e 202, London-rnad. BEDROOM SUITES.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- , CLASS SUITE,. including— DARK WALNUT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s. No. I 5275. DARK WALNUT SUITE, handsomely carved, £lO 10s. No. 5438. I SA lAN WALNUT SUITE. solid throughout and of most attractive design. £1.3 les. So. 5490. BROWN OAK SUITE, very substantial. £ll 10s. No. 4417. HIGH CUSS SUITE in Satinwood. £l7 10a. No. 4787. FASHIONABLE SeIITE in Italian walnut, with burr panels. £l6 10s. No. 5842. -ITER/. CHOICE SHERATON SUITE made from Spanish V mahogany of beautiful colour and figuring, richly inlaid and of faultless style and finish. Price £47 10s. No. 5369. Well worth inspection. BEDROOM burrtTlTEwalinlut latnalcilan splendidly walnut 1-I"„Dae",'wit'Prfcl! carved, comprising large double wardrobe, dressing chest with chews' glass affixed, washstand, three chairs, pedestal, and;towel rail. £25 1.3 s ; cost £4O. and is still equal to new. No, 5343—Hartley's, 202, London-road. STYLI I WALNIeI BEDROOM SUITE, consisting of magnificent break front trio wardrobe with two bevelled plate glass robing doors, dressing chest with swing glass in centre, and mirror-panelled drawer brackets ; washeten d with beeelled mirror at the beck, towel rail, pedestal, an d three chairs. £27 10. An exceptionally low price for a suite of this character. No 5339 TO SELLERS—.WE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition immaterial) , or will sell on commission on your behalf, and (if required) make a liberal cash ,advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently executed. Estimates free. Correspondence invited. HARTLEY'S, 9 L 0 NDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

enit43', ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS! IN CYCLES HIGHEST GRADE EXCELSIOR BICYCLES £l3 10S. OD. AND £9 O. OD. BAYLISS THOMAS, & CO., LTD. LIVERPOOL.

TYRES. TYRES. TYKES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 13s. 6d. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d. each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

WHY BUY UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR £lO 10S. AND SAVE THE COST OS' AN ACCIDENT POLICY. HiTCHINGS, LIMITED, SOLE AGENTS. 74, BOLD-STREEr, LIVERPOOL. R. MAC LENNAN, Manager.

CYCLISTS! NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR MACHINES ENAMELLED, PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT • TAKE THEM AT ONCE TO FRANK [JOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER, WARGRAVE ROAD, EARLESTOWN

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES'. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar, As required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in'first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTI PRICE. Including tool bag, tools, pump, &c., complete, TEN POUNDS. £7 12s. 6n. Our No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed foe twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. -- STUAR T. WILLIAMS' AND CO. 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL, EsTes. 1892. Plating, Euamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLCASANT, LIVERPOOL. When your are placing your order for a B.S.A. Cycle be sure and ask the agent for a specification of the machine. and then compare with ours. You will find that ninety-nine times out of a hundred the specification is not up to our standard. Fittings.—Genuine 1899 B.S.A. Frame Tubing.—Double-butted, not co-rmon German. Wheels.—Built with double-butted spoxes, not the ordinary common. Chain.—Half-inch pitch, not the ordinary block. Tyres.—Palmer or Dunlop. on hollow rims; not on solid ; as many of our rivals fit. We also fit your own height of gear, and your own pattern of handle-bar. The enamelling is without the least doubt second to none. whiie the plating is the very first quality. Price of above machines is £lO 105. net. Call and see for yourselves. We are glad to show you, and are certain you will be pleased. WE HAVE CYCLES FROM £7 WS. MANAGER, D. DALGLEISH.

CYCLES kjycLES! CYCLES OvErt 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL eP FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCLUDING : Royal Enfield, Rudge-Whitworth, Elswick, New Howe, Beeston and Coventry Humbers, °moods, Swifts. Waverley, &c., &c. Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards Easy terms of payment, from 10e. per month. Seeondband Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives a choice of FOUR DIFFERENT WAYS of purchasing a Bicycle. WILLIAM LEA, LIVER " CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CLEARANCE CYCLE SALE. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES: THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. PRICES TO SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES. Call and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. Agents for OSMOND, SINGER, RALEIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS, ASCOT, SANSPA.REIL, CLEVBLANDS, GROSVENORS, RAMBLERS, LEANDERS, CAMPIONS, and HARDIE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BEING OFFERED. TT '.n.ARDIE, 161 BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Estimates given. Enquiries invited. PETER 4,jOTTON. ROPE AND TWINE 'MA.NUF ACTUREIL Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Cur:ed-hair, Oil Sheets, ac., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. sPORT.i, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. OHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED BEG to inform. their former patrona and the Pub- lic generally that they are showinz in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLENIENS' SHIRTS, COLLA.RS CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRF:NS' .LIZiDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all 3k which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MA NUFACTIMERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CA.LL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSIIIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILTE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

W. HORGKINSON, LIMITED. CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH CLASS DRAPERY. EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. DRESSES, SILKS, COSTUMES, MANTLES, UNDERCLOTHING, COR- SETS, MILLINERY, HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, HOSIERY, GLOVES, UMBRELLAS, &c., &c. 46 AND 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

REMNANT SALE. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO.. LIMITED, BASNETT STREET., LIVERPOOL, WI L OFFER ON MONDAY NEXT, THE 24T/3 INST.. AND FOLLOWING DAYS, REMNANTS AND ODDMENTS From Season and Previous Weeks of Sale, in their SILK DEPARTMENT, DRESS DEPARTMENT. LACE, DdAPERY, and FUtiNISHING DEPART- MENT. ALSO REMAINDER AND CLEARING LOTS IN ROBES AND COSTUMES. 141 &NILES AND JACKETS. BONNETS AND HATS, TEA GOWNS AND BLOUSES, CHILDREN'S DRESSES, BOOTS AND SHOES. SUNSHADES, GLOVES. RIBBONS, TRIMMINGS, HOSIERY, WATERPROOFS, UMBRELLAS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. ALL AT GREAT REDUCTIORS IN PRICE.

CRICKET. ---- GBO. G. BUSSEY CO.'S a(-GC-BQ famed mannfac- Ss tures. Incomparable ' Demon Driver' Bats. livery requisite for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requisite for Lawn Tennis, Best Value Croquet. Modest or Supers_ High Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfitter for the Catalogue If not procurable, apply to 56 & 38, Queen Victoria-street London. Factories—Peek-ham, London ; and Elmswell, Suffolk. ---- 'V Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches p'ayed on Saturday russet be sent to the Head Office, Bewseyestreet, Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted. ' -- , WARRINGTON V. MANCHESTER (TheWliS'S Benefit).—Th is match was played on Saturday at Arpley. Score : WARRINGTON. MAN'HESTER. G Clark lbw b Huddles- A F Pope b Smith 7 ton Thewlie a Nichols. b Had- ' 11 11 L Steinthal b Smith 4 dleston E Connor lbw b Huddles- J Nichols e and b tlibby l2 ton J Callon b Nichols 34 Podmore Dr EL Smith b Nichols 1 'W Huddleston b Smith ... 2 J W Bibby b Nichols T K:owles lbw b Huddles- A R Sladea b Poinaore 1 ton , W It Po imoro b Slack 57 . I Thompson not out 7O , R Pierpoint b Slack G Hanspson net out ... lO Extras Total (for 9 wkts) —246 Tetal (for 8 wkts) 149 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. MANCHESTER. 0 M R W 0. M IS NV Huddleston Littlewood , Snack Nichols Sladen 4 0 11 0 3 W Bibby l2 3 31 2 G Baker 3 0 21 0 W H Podmore... 2 11 6 2 Thomas SANKEY WIRE MILLS v. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEER 3. Played on Saturday on the Engine-Ts' ground. Score :- - WIRE MILLS. C. J... ENGINEERS. Woodcock run out Williams run out J Evans b Monks ..... Marshall lbw b Dackworth 0 Hackett o Williams b CI-ough b Duckworth Z Simpson• 0 Levitt e Duekworth b Brown b Simpson ' 0 Howard 3O Howard run out Clarke e Hackett b Robin- Monks b J Evans 1 SOD W Evans c John Genders b J tenders b J Evans 2 Robinson Simpson not out... ..... ...... 8 La Mess not out 1 Cook not out 0 Extras lO Extras 7 Total .115 Total 3l PP:TER WALKER AND SON;.LIMITED IST V. WAREZNGTON PoLICE Tlis match was played on the Brewery ground oa Thursday July 27111, and resulted in an easy win for the Brewery. Score : WARRINGTON POLICE. BSEWERY. Evans e Ashton b T Allen 1 Arber lbw b Bradley 1 Bennett run out . 1 E Allen e Bennett b Brad Monks b Ashton Barnett not out lO Lloyd c and b Bradley ... 30 Newes b T Allen 0 Ashton a Gibbs b Brad- B-adley a Came b Ashton 7 by Barlow b3l ;Alen 0 T Allen b Deane t ll Gibbs e and b 32 Allen Whittaker b Ashton Woods c Allen b Asht os ... 0 Alloock b Dennett Dennett b Ashton Collins not out 1 I Perrin to bat Extras 2 Extras Total 2l Total l3O r P. WALKER AND SoNS LIMITED v. IRLAM SOAP WORM.— I Played at Irlarn on Saturday last and resulted in an easy win for the Brewery. Score :- 1 BREWERY. lALLM. ' &riser e Daniels b Ta7lor ... 1 Eves b Ashton 8 Ti Allen a Taylor b Daniels 5 Rice b Ashton Ashton run out 8 Taylor b T Allen 4 Cooke a Rico b Taylor ...... 3 J Daniels run out T Allen rim out Came b Daniels . Wright lbw Daniels Titling b Daniels 9 J II Daniels lbsr b Ash- Milner b Daniels Fairhorst not out Russell b Daniels 0 Clare b Ashton 0 Unsw.rth not out Holmes run out Extras _ Total 79 Total YEA.RNHEib v. EYLA.NDS' STlFF.—Played at Fearnhead with the following result : RYLAND'S STAFF. FEARNIZEAD. A Kenyon b Dawson 6 3 E Cowin b Webb... ...... 2 H Bate b Monks 0 G Warren b Dakin lO W Webb e Warren b Daw- W Grounds b Dakin BM W Dakin b Monks 8 Webb Tl 4 Plevin b Dawson It Maddock b Monks 4 Dakin .. G E Knott a Grounds b T Boyd run out Monks 1 G Parsonage b Dakin 3 H Evans not oat W Moeres e 13syd b Monks 0 R Craisghton c Parry b . Iv 13 Barker a Warren b Webb .. 3 Monks ... 0 J Dawson not out J Parry a Grounds b Monks 2 R Clarke b Dakin Extras 20 Extras 20 Total 5l Total 60 CRO9FIELDS V. BRICK-STEEP AND FRIARS' GREEN 8.9. Played at Walton Loa on Saturday and resulted in a win for the home team by 33 runs. Score . CROSEIELD'S. BRICK ST. & PRIA.RS' ' GREEN A.S. Dotton a Buckley b Asnip 10 Jones a Dutton b Wright 1 Moortield a Welsby b Asnita 1 Wileox a Moorfield b Whitfield b &nails Baker b Buckley A Asnip 0 Bennett b Wright 3 (3illin e Jones b Amin 7 Cook a Gitlin. b Wright 1 Mather b Amin ....... Branshall a Buckley b Mason Is Whitfte'd 2 Woods 3 Woods b Whitfield ......... 0 Bennett b AaniP l6 3 Wooiheid c Morseled b Peacock a Jones b Wilcox 0 Wright Burdettrun out 1 C Woorlhead a Math sr b Wright not out Welsby not ont ...... ......... 2 Evans a Whitfield b Wright 0 Extras... 8 Extras 3 _ , Total GRAPPENTIALL v. WFAFERTIAM.—PIayed e Grappenhall on Satyric's,. Warburton bowled well for the home team taking floe wickets for three runs, and doing the " hat" trick. Scores :-- vrEAVERIIkaI. GRAPPENTIALL. Alexander run out .. ...... 5 Ellis b Johnson ...... Davies b Warburton 0 James Burrows b °alloy ... 4 W Johnson b Fenton Cittley is W•arborton Moreton is Fenton 0 Warburton b Johnson Curbishly a Watson b Brierley b Burgess... • 2 Warburton Burgess e and b Warbor- Johnson ton Golding a and b Warbur- Jenkins not out 8 ton • 0 snence 0 Woodward e Ellis b Gates a Moreton b Woad- Fenton T)arlington h Fenton D Johnson not out 2 Extras Total l9 Total ELELEsTOWN v.l ;WINCHESTER CLIFFORD.—PIayed at Eartestown on Saturday. Scores EARLEsTOWN. MANCHESTER CLIFFORD. 3 Tallantine lbw t) Alderson 9 Hosbend a Parslow Is R Ratcliffe is jenkinron... ft Tallantine P Turner is jenkinson 2 Reside b Tallantine 37 0 Jones is Alderiion l3 Crowther lbw is Jones...-. 9 13 Strinesr h Alderson OTI Wainwright b Hatton 15 Alderson is Jones 33 J Porslow Is Hatton A. H Turner a Robinson b lantine... . Retton 3 Thompson is Hatton '1 Emmett a Turner b Talton F Batter not rest ' 13 tine Jos March b Hatton 4 Burrell not out l4 ;Tenon h Tellantine.... n Greenall h Tallantine 7 Extras 8 Extras lO - Total 99 Total 163 Eieweox-LE-WILLows v. Bccr.Es•—Pleyed et Newton on Saturday. Serves : NEWTrell. FCCLES. W T•irtla a Tyldeeey b 11 sote'iffo is Modley lO Smith W Rylares e Roberts is ;W 3' Tyldseley a Jones b Soli' h .. 33 Storer T J AB7 is Ralsall 6 T A Potter a Storer b R Storer Is Haleall V Gee e Tvidesiev b Smith 10 3 Fr literati c 0 Hindley J Stahleford a Atherton b is Relenee Hats all j T,•4l2.lraitl h Halsall It lit 'lance c Olive b Smith 5 J Dixon b loans W D ideein a Sutcliffe h L Smith not wit ',serail 1 :r Olive net out ...... ...... 25 WW Rindlev not oist... ...... 2 E Roberts, 3 Atherton did C H Mornay b Smith 1 n.,t bat Extras 4 Extras 5 Tote.! Inning. declared. NETITI7.f.LE-WILLOWR 2ND v. ECCLES 2ND.—Played at Eccles on 'inturdey. Score : ECCLES. NEWTON. PS Hefner e Sweetlove is 3 Peniiry b Groeishorno 1 Cooke 4 T Wtikinson c Greenhorne P Lowe e Morrison h Cooke 5' b Tonee ... .. T Fish e W Wilkinseln b El Henderson b Green- Cooke H ROvrson h Cooke 8 B Barr ran one 4 W Brown b Briggs 4l 3 S weetlove b Tone 0 F lAr Jones st Sankey b X W Wilkinson a Smith b Wilkinson 3l Pangs A Rovio c W Wilkinson b T le Ti.;^,Q.. ron out.., 1 Wilkinson lO B Hard ion e and b Green- :r Smith is Briggs 66 no rue J A Brown a Pendry b 3 Sankey b Greenhorne 2 Briggs Cl e/7 Tones, b Henderson.- 5 T Gee b Grcenhorne 0 J II aircenhousn not out... 2 Extres l3 Extras Toil l6l Total 25

WARRINGTON CORPORA- TION BILL. SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS • This Bid has passed both Houses of Parliament, and now only awaits the Royal Assent, vehicle will be given in due course.—The Act will come into force on the day on which it receives the Royal Assent, and as it con- tains many new powers and regulations, it behoves every inhabitant of the Borough old enough to under- stand them, to make himself acquainted with the provisions of the Act. Besides the Schedules to the Act, there are 179 Sections divided into 20 parts dealing with the fo lowing matters :—(1) Definitions, (2) Water, (3) Street widenings, &c., (4) New Streets), (5) New Build- ings, (6) Dangerous Structures and Obstructions, (7) Sanitory Provisions, (8) Infectious Disease, (9) Tuber- culosis, (10) Common Lodging Houses, (11) Gas, (12) Street Advertisements. (13) Purchase of Lands. (14) Recreation Grounds (15) Hackney Carriages, (16) Pollee Provisions, (17) Rates, &c., (18) Thrift Fund, (19), Financial Provisions, (20) Miscellaneous. The Waterworks part of the Act has been altered con- [ siderably since it was first introduced into Parliament. The whole of the works at Winwick including the pumping station, tunnels and service reservoir have been sanctioned and the high level service reservo r at Appletou has been allowed. The proposed collecsting reservoir on Daresbury Brook was struck out or the Bill by the Committee of the Commons and the pro- posed reservoir at Dennow was withdrawn by the Cor- poration in the Committee of the Lerds. We, however, understand that arrangements have been made by which both Deresbury and Dennow reservoirs may be made at some future date. The Corporation have obtained power to make bye- laws with regard to the pipes and all other water appli- ances. They may require every house to be suppled by a separate pipe and a consumer ,of water will be liable to payment of rates for a period of six months after he has ceased to occupy the premises supplied un- less he give notice in writing that he has ceased to occupy the premises. The Corporation have obtained power to supply fit- tings and to put up public drinking fountains. They I may also purchase for the protection of their works in adaition to the lands scheduled 140 acres. Power is given to widen Bridge-street and Sankey-et. from Rylandseitreet to Market Gate and from there to Trinity Chnrch and the principle of betterment is cott- ceded in that any benefit accruing by reason of the improve:nent of any street shall be set off against the payment of compensation. The Corporation are authorised to esquire compul- pulsorily land for the extension of the Hospital and Sani- tary Depot. The agreement with the London and North-Western Railway Company as to the widening of tee new brig over Slutcher's-lane is confirmed, ana the money agreed to be paid is authorised to be borrowed. Several very important Sections are contained in the Act with regard to New Streets and Buildings. All placs must in future be submitted on tracing cloth, and will be void unless acted upon within twe years after depcsit. No new street will be allowed more than 120 yards in length without an intersecting strest. The coninuation of existing street; will be deemed new streets, and shall not be less than 40 feet in width. No buildings will be allowed until the street is farmed, and , the Corporation may vary the position and direction of all new streets. They may also declare where any new street begins and ends. All waste lands in the borough and all gardens and forecourts are to be fenced. No new building shall exceed in height the width of the street or any adjoining building. ' The height of all new chimneys Is regulated according to the horse-power of any engine used in connection therewith. Power is given to require all yards and open spaces to be paved. The entrances to courts and yards may not be closed and no building may be entered or converted without the sanction of tbe Corporation. The provisions of the TOVVIIs Improvement Clauses Act with regard to dangerous buildings may be extended to any structure which the Corporation may require to be removed. Trees and shrubs overhanging streets may be re- moved and sky signs are prohibited. Catheriels and and other like projectione mar be removed. The Corporation mty appotut any numoer of Inspec- tors of Nuisances with full powers. They may require houses to be drained by combined operation and where separate sewers are provided they may require separate drains for sewage and surface water respectively. Penalties are provided for damage to drains and fell power is given for their inspection The Corporation may make Bye-laws with regard to the cleansing of cisterns and no dwelling-house can in future be occupied until an efficient supply of water is provided. The Corporation may require urinals •to be provided for every inn, public house or place of public entertain- ment, and may require all exisiting ones to be removed or altered. They may also themselves construct public conveniences-in or under any street and they may charge for the removal of trade refuse. The provisions of the Act with regard to infectious diseases are most important. Persons washing or mangl- ing clothes, cewkeepers, dairymen, mllksellers, anti principals of schools are required on demand to furnish lists of their customers or scholars. No person may ' carry on business connected with food while he is suffer- ing from an infectious diseases or lives in a house in which any such disease exists. Wakes over dead 1 bodies are prohibited and bed and body clothing may I be required to be purified. Dairymen and milksellers I are to notify infectious disease among their servants. No book shall be returned to the Harem which has been exposed to infection. The Corporation may provide and charge for the services of nurses and may make bye-lews tor regulating the conduct of patients in the hospitals and preventing persons from entering the hospitals or the grounds thereof. Very stringent regulations are made with regard to the sale of milk. Persons selling milk from a cow suffer- ing from tuberculosis are liable to a penalty of £lO. Notice of the diseases must be given and all diseased cows must be isolated. Power is given to take samples of milk and to inspect cows whether within or without the borough if milk from such cows is sold within the borough. All lodging-houses must be provided with proper sani- tary conveniences. The Corporation may make bye-laws with regard to gas pipes and fittings. No hoarding or billposting station can be hereafter erected without the sanction of the Corporation. The Act authorises the Corporation to purchase the land required for the new police buildings, Technical Institute, extension of hospitals, extension of sanitary depot, street widening and improvements, river:wharves land Victoria Park, and also St. James's old burial [ ground. They are authorised to erect pavidons and buildings in any park or recreation ground, and let the same. They are also empowered to provide a place for games, and to set apart any part of any recreation ground for their use. They may pay for public bands, and charge for admission to any recreation ground, and may provide seats and charge for the use thereof. Inspectors appointed by the Corporation, may stop nd examine all public.vehicles, to see, that the lawsand bye-laws are duly observed. Netice of circus and other processions through the streets' must be given under a penalty of £5 The Act gives power to terminate the offices of Assis- tant Overseer and Collector of Porr Ratet, and the duties of those offices may be discharged by officers of the Corporation. All rates may be demanded in one demand note, and one set of books may be prescribed. The Corporation may establish a Thrift Fund, on a scheme to be approved by the Secretary of State. The Act authorises the Corporation to borrow the followitsg sums of money For Waterworks purposes £147,000 „ New Police Premises „ Purchase of Victoria Park lO,OOO „ Extensions of hospitals & sanitary der o•, 14,400 „ Erection of river wharves „ Technical Schools 15,000 „ The widening of Slutcher's-lane... 2,000 „ The widening of Bridge-street and other improvements 50,000 50 years is allowed for the repayment ol the meney. The whole of the Corporation debt is consolidated and the periods of repayment equated. New properties may be inserted in the rate book dining the currency of any rate and compositions to owners will not be allowed after a date fixed by the Corporation. Power is. given to close the Baths and to charge for the exclusive use thereof. All articles left in the zarkets are forfeited and may be sold. The Corporation may take posse3sion of any stall or stand in the marketer fair for non-payment of rent. All undertakings by owners are to be binding on their successors. Power is given to any constable or member of the Fire Brigade to break open any premises in case of fire

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER Arfb GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, EGS to intimate to his Numerous CO- , TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried ea for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCOCK at King- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, ac., where he hopes, by be rig more cet.trally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. NB --A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Selection of wall papers and deaorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM TILE MAKER, HARR OP's 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HAEROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRT eRS HAltftoP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSMET FES • HARROP'S FOR BAiSINETTIIS HARROP'S FOR BA4L4INETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINST VES HARROP'S FOR EASSINETTE3 HARROP'S FOR BASStNETTE3 H A R R:0 P;S' 5, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOL. •

D' • COLLtS BROWNE' CHLOHODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CRLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession V, be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dig eovered. OFILORODYNE: is tbe best remedy known for ‘...J Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. niILORODYNE in ectually checks and arnsts those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. Ziroup Ague. f lIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhosl NJ and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attack 3 of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Pa'pitation, and Spasms. (1/ILORODYNS is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rbeumatism, Gout, Cancer, Tooth:lob.% Meningitig, Ece. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive ule of Chlorodyne inonr practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seas' live and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- lion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induce° a feeling cf comfort cud quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to ' possess this great advantage over all ether sedatives; thut it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul %c Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was 011L010- DYNIC."—See Lancet, let December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND TIONS. Catrrim—Viet-Chancblior str W. PAiSK WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWSE was, unloubtedly, the inventor of " C LOttODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREFKAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted 4".4 say had been sworn to.—See 21mes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 1.4-6,, is. Si],, and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words 4. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS' CHLORODYBE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Modica ltestimony a,companies each bottle. SOLE IMANIIPACTuREP.B T. Da.VIINPORT, 33, Great u moll-street, Bloomsbury,,Tins•ion

BOROUGH 2 OF , ;41,. • WARRINGTON. • WAR RIN GTO N CORPORATION CONCEN- TRATED MANURR. TWENTY-FIRST SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON. near WARRINGTON.

PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANEE PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL ;PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIC? AND HEALTHFUL. EASY OF APPLICATION. A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS. OR la. 6s. CARRIAGE PAID.

i BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM £5 10S.. TO £lO MS.. Equal to any at 60 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES correspondingly low. Veeders 3.., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., eta., eta. ARENA CYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON AND msnicr ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION, PARR HALL AND SPECIAL MACHINERY ANNEXO MARCH 3TO 24, 1900. ARTS, INTENTIONS,: ENGINEKRING, MANUFACTURES, TRADES. Prospectus, plans, and application forms may be had of THE SECRETARIES, 76. Bridge-street, Warringto WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPEN- SARY.—NOTICH is HEREBY GIVEN that SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of the Governors of the We rington Infirmary and Dispensary will be held in the COUNCIL, CHAABErt of the TOWN HALL, WARRING" TON, on Friday, the 28th JULY, 1899, at 3-15 o'clock in the afternoon, for the purpose of considering. and if deemed advisable, resolving upon the establishment of a Pathological Laboratory. J. L. TUNSTALL, Hon. Secretary. Dated 15th July. 1899.

IT Di 1 LLN 1: kl I T Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHA.W-STREEP, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &e.. at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. • £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

HALF-YEARLY SALT. CLEARANCE OF SURPLUS :STOCK. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND 0., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER CLEARING LOTS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICE;:,'. THE GOODS COMPRISE COSTUMES. MANTr.ES, MILLINERY, FURS. RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACES. CURTAINS, HOSIERY, saLovas, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY. Ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

- " THOMAS V 170 V RI T, FIRE AND THIEF-liRSISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STERI, SAFE MAKER 35, WEST-STREET, OF WINWICK.ROAP, WARRIT., TON.

RAILWAY TIME T 4J31 E , POSTAL INFORMATION PARR'S BANK, LIMITED. AUGUST ROM WARRINGTON , 7t'4 :, Acton 11 • 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 11 35 125 , 2 55, 5 1 POST OFFICEWARRINGTON, GENERAL MEETING AT WA RRINGT ON. ▪ 35. ridge-0 7 2° 15. Sundays 10.15 a.m. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. tal,oe.ar and Hillhouse -715 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 9,36 2 owing the time to which a Letter can be poet ad • r"! Stops if reqntrect. h with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny $ Tommgham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 3 23,1 10, 0,50 120. Stamp. m 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMolidays excepted • 2 a.m. -Newton-le-Willows ondays only . la m.-Wigan Birrni 6 ilg“am (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 '° a.m.-Widnes. Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh 1 52. Sundays 515 p.m Preston Brook, Frodsharn, Ifelsby, Daresbury,and Moore Alitckburn -529.545, 835, 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50, 6 28, 5-30 a.m.-Lymm, Thelwatl, Newchureh • Sundays 843, 60. 5-45 a,u Grappenhali. nettles, Heath, Croft, Pad B' Sundays 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 53.12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, gate- Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warsurton, and Wools to. 7,17, 8 50,940. Sundays 843 3 35 6 0. ton 143 oiton-5 45, 8 '75,9 19,10 40,12 14,12 25, 332. Sundays 6-15 a.m.-For Town Delivery and Latchford ~a„•1905 15.8 28, p.m. (ISM urday excepted. 9-0 a.m.- Mannhester. Balton, 01 iham, Macclesfield, Stock - ca "te-2 37 a m,529,5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25,1 55, 6 28. Sun- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and 2 37, 3 35. 8.5. Lancashire. '",,eBter-7 10, 828, 9 50, 10.20 a 2 53, 25, 7,23 11,34 12,0 9-30 a m.-London, Southern and South-Western Countie.s, " "aYs 2 58, 10 15, 4. 5 ,zlMoudays exc -pled Central. South Wales, and Forei..m. and St. Helens •yollins Green-75. 85, 9 23, 10 10, 1/1 7. 2 35, 3 40, 515, 9-45 a.m.-Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle r,327 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Ma revre-a2 58, b 3 23, 710, 9 )0, 10 2), 12 0, 1 25, 25, 10-10 a.m.-Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and a 'O, 6 22,7 23.11 34. Sundays 253,10 154 5.11 35.2M0nd ays Ireland. Pteel. bMondays only. 11-10 a.m.-Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, s_maresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 220. 3 15, 5 11,6 4, 744, 10 14 Scotland, Liverpool. Prescot, Southport, Bit k.,nhean, 'IR-taYs 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and DerbV (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 53, 11 55, 2 20, 12 55, 4 7 Yorkshire 0 a • - 15,11 52. Sundays 815 P.m 11-30 a.m.-Manchester. South-E Ist Lancashire. South . 281arlestou n-5 45, 7 5,8 5.8 25.9 25, 10 13,10 20,11,0 12 7 12, Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, 61„,t,65, 2,35 340 3,50 5.15 5.20 6,33. 7 8,7 49,9 25, 9,58 10,30 Nor humberland, and Town Delivery "raaYs, 740 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. 11-30 a.m.-London. S.-Ea tern. Midland and Southern a „o.iddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 155 Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and 520,6 17, 80. 943. SiMd ts's 8 43. 2 40, 8 0. Foreign 7 rodBham-7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25, 2 20, 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 1-25 p.m.-Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury •••4.1 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. North Wales, London and South I*arston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95.12 0 1-40 p.m.-Liverpool, Southport, Ormsklrk, Bath, Bristol ,A 2 15, 40. 75.80. be 40. dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester .0 ' 9 et!• 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 13. dSaturdays only. S East Lancashire. and Scotland .a.turdays excepted. 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gau ,Glasgow-2 37, 529, 9 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, 50. Sun- Bolton '431 2 37, a.m. 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 9 4°l6orne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 55,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, 2-30 p.m - Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, Sundays 8 43.6 0. Nautwich and Sandbach A 440 n al Green-? 12 757 831 9 5 a 9 30 12 0 18, 215 2-45 p.m. -Freciaharn. Frodsham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes. ▪ 0 0. .• • 60. 75, 80, 59 40, alo 23. Sunday 90, 936 1 7sPenketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- -.2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excentad. Willows, Manchester slrlam and Cs.dishead (Central)-7 5.7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15, 3 0 p.m.-Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate u --ndaYs 13 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 935, and Bewsey . Latchford-prom Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 8 0,8 35, 9 0 3-15 p.m.-Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley ; 58, 10 49, 12 36. 1 14, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78,a7 45 3-45 p.m.-St. Helens 27. Sundays 850, 38, 812. aSaturdays only. 4-0 p.m.-Manchester Liverpool (L. & sa, 5 10, a 5 32, 75,8 5, 8 35 5 p.m.-Liverpool and Chester 25. 11 0, 12 7, 1225, 5.15 5 20, 78, 740, 10 30. Sunday 5-45 p.m.-Manchester. Peterborough, East ;Lincolnshire, a,5, 510, 5 30, S 35, 843, 3 28, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- -441%1 platform. alMondays excepted. land Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815, 10 9 5-45 p.m.-Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 1163, 1 55, 320,5 0,64 17,8 0, 9 'I. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 750 6.15 p.m.- Town Delivery, , Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 07, 8 31, 95. 1024, 9.30 p.m.-Preston, West Cumberland Lirerpool,Birkenhead, t2O, 13, 1 8,2 15, 3 37. 40. 5 55, 75,80. 59 a 4) 1026 11 15 Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland • 39. Sundays 9a, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 lU, 9 13 10 18,10 4,3 10-30 p.m -Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra aSaturdays only. bexcept aturdays. Halfpenny Stamp Lonoon (L. &N. W.)-2 535, a 3 26, 7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5 11-15 p.m.-London, Midlands, South Eastern and South b Dr, „„.-‘0 622, 11 34. undays 2 53. 10 15, 45, 11 33,01onctays Counties, and Foreign "'"FePted. aMondays only. a,etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, *London (Midlaud)-5 0, 8 46, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the I.lllldays 11 35 a.m., 5 15 p.m. 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. 1▪ 437nina-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14,2 43 812. 313, 4 11, 5 18. 6 13, 78, a 7 45. 9 27. Sundays 850, 3 8 aSaturdays only EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON 1 ilanchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30, 8 57,9 55, 10 46, ” _ ), 238 3 35, 4 9,6 10, 7 5,9 25.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 35 HEAD OFFICE . Hi h-st. Newton 40, From High Level Platform. ,3 10, rosTaianans. Mr.Jaates Jordan ..„ 7 tanchester (FroM Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 620 Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. D.,.4.13 0, 835, 90, 9 58. 1049, 1 14, 2 42,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 Atte ace. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m , • The Tele^*raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. isManchester (Chasid, a Lines)-7 u, 7 55. 8 2,8 65, 92,9 55 81, n and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 765116, 11 23,11 53,12 55, 150, 2 50, 65. 4 05, 6 bD. 663 PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 4,1,1, 7 55, 8 13, 855, 9 15, 9 65, Sundays 66, 9 37,10 14 vat 3 15,5 150 18,8 55 9 25 10 0. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. 4...iddlewich-7 40, 10 2.4 2 555, 5 355.7 20.53aturdays only LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m 410ore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 4.41. LIST OF DESPATCHES 9lLewton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 40 9 20, Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordia- ...oo, 10 30. SundaysB 43, a.m.6 0,9 54. ary Postage, and with an.extra halfpenny stamp. adgate-7 0, 755, 8 2,8 4J,10 28, 11,6 12 0 12 20,1 44,2 40 50.528,7 10,8 12,9 15. Sundays 8 56,10 14, 3 47, 5 15.9 35 Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 60, 12 26,1 55 350 628, 7 17, 850, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 237, ti 43, 336 0954, aSaturdays only ~•KUncorn-7 33.8 26,9 45, 11 53,1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17 80. °ankey (for Penketh)-7 i 2, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5,12 01 8 15, 258, 4 0,5 29, 60, 7b, 8 0, 9 23, 29 40, blO 25, 90, 11 25. 2 39, 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays ex6epted '•aturdays only. cMondays only. (0.L.t3.) Sheffield (Midland) via Ciainley and Dore Line s'a 46, 10 55, 12 55, 155, 6 55. Sundays 93? a.m. 5 in, 1,,5t./lelens-532 'l5, 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0,11 55, 12 7, 5.2 353 40. a 20,6 33,7 8, Satur ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30. 4n555v8 8 35,8 43,6 0, 9 54 ,Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30. 11 2, 114 49, 4 0,5 6, 6 0,7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36,2 5, 855, aSatur Y I• only. ,Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 43, °B. 411, 518. 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. 4 Saturdays only. Front Arpley Station. a Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -753, 9 s Iv 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, ,15. 2 58, 40, b 29, 60,75, 80, 9 25, as 4U, blO 25. Sun- -90, 9 36' 2 39, 18, aSaturciay excopten. 66aturdays a,,Widnes (li. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, • 6 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,8 0. lidgala-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,13 .3.),9 56,11 0,11 Si, 1225,1 65 '3 50, 4 50, 5 20. 626, 7 1.7,8 50.9 43,9 5, Sunday, 2 37 43. 3 35, 60. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM 6,ton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 112, 12 0, 3 25, 4 45, 720, ~,, daYs 755, 4 42. ..altear and Hillhouse-1 8, 7 13, 3 29, 957. Sundays .20,2 21, 8 22. , Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10. 5 50, 7 20, 9 10, 12 ‘5. 2 0, 550 7 25. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42.3 10. Birmingham (Slidland)-6 5, 7 42, 650, 11 43, 1 25, 2 45, 45, 6 50. 110 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 40, 1119. b - ePt Mondays. B• lackburn-8 30,10 43,12 35, 337, 5 27,75) Sundays, 80, ` 11, 5 40, 8 10. #1314.0kp00l (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,8 45, 57, 10 35, 31 40. 1,0. 3 15, 4,27 .5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 135 12. 7 35 ii4„lackuool (Central) -6 5. 7 25,7 55, 825. 8 55. 10 10, 10 2 ,40,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 t 0,4 58,5 5, 6 50.1315, 103 Sundays 7 10 4 57,840. 8 polton_s 46. 7 55, 835, 9 40. 1025. 12 3), 2 15.1 15, 5 10, (46,7 15, 3 35,10 50. Sundays 8 29 a.m.. 65, 925 p.m.aiatur- Ya only. 13 Varlisle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 50, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 42, Sunda -11 12 5 a.m., 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. ahloada.ys 4 Cnile„ater-2 17, 6 50,8 45. 10)0, 11 30. 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, "'° 6, 7 30, 11 5, Sundays 217, 935, 755, 115, 143°'18 Green-6 39, 79, 842. 10 24.7,15 11 21. 12,38 18, ,e 2 10, 3 10, 4,6, 5 38, 623, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sundays ▪ a lt.a.m. 4 Pkrewe- 2 1, 455, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 33, 2 23. 2 35, 545 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 245 920, 2 1, 4 55. I),aresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays a.m. 7 45 p.m. F,-"57-7 10, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 al2 25, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 0 35. alitccept ondays. 12B5rlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25, sl3, 18, 112, 147, 13, 3 11, 3 14. 5 Li, 542 b 52, 6 30, b,".. 88 9 10, 9 23, 12 0. s unclays 8 33. 0 52, ".0 0, 3 43. 7 24. t :Fuldler's Ferry 3: Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 43, 12 24, 2 9. 32? t.': 6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2, 257, 52. 6rodsharn-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 831 Vdays 6 16,a.m. 7 20 p.m. 12"Altrston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 W. 12 56. o 11. 35, 4 56, 09. ° Os. ° 31. 121 930 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Ba'aßgow-a9 5, 10 10, 20,21, 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 95, von " r.pted. lti%olliorite-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 16. * Sundays 940, 7 5. 41110 -9° Green-7 45. 8 15, 99, 133, 105'a, 1.17 160, 2.22 45' 5 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 33,9 18. 2undaYsB 3i, 92.0, 3,26 T.,9 4 9 10. 11,l'It/In and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 13 50, 11 20 °"gays 1059. 653, 8 40. 10 s). )..Ittetatord-bl4, 8 40, 934 10 2, 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 e.ek4 22, 65 41, 6 7.6 40, 7 49, 96, 9, 43,1121. Sundays 82.3 'O7 23, aSaturdays only. I/Saturdays excepted. 13 14verpooi(vea Eariestown)-1 0 a 2 35.60,1 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 1 ()..,1 30, 6 20, 4 123, 4 50,_ 35.7 5.11 2.5,10 5Li 13,. Sunday, v! 30,9 20. 5 30,8 40 a don/lays (Jnly. 12 I`2. Widnes b '1 10, 7 40. c, 33, 9 33, 10 20,13 33, 11 5) 1 55. 235, 4 40, 4 53, 5 36, 6 .55 7 5. 80 830, 1/ 0 a h atsurdays excepted sundays 13 u, 9 0 2. 30, 2 10, 420 6do L 21,°ndon N ) -10 0, 120, b 157 10, 10 25 12 ii 'l/41, 4 15, 560 Sundays 10 0, 12 0,1./ 0, 5 30, 10 0, 10 12. Izto(,ado 11 (Midi:trio 0-5 15, 99105,12 0, 40 0, 3 ,a 9 15, • rum ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays 40.6 )'rnm-2 7, 832, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 .1, al 37. 25. 253 15 3.3, 5 9,6 41 741,856 33, 1119. Sundays a 15, 2 25, t,4l* aSaturaays only. baaturdays excepted. 26 ancheste- (L & 14.-W.)- 7 26. 7 55, 92, 10 33, 12 33• N a 43,a5 8,524, 58,7 10, 9 J, 1 J 5). Suu.i.ya. 7 541 44,6.a4 atfLirdai. s excepted. From Oxford Road. 13(- ajlelies ter (London-road)-1 25 7 5), g 25, 10 35, 12 35, 1 4°40, 55 5, 5 20, 65,75, 6 20 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 2,-i 6 Z.O b•;attif days excepted. aBatur6ays only. 9 a_auchester (Chethira Line s)-6 45, 7 4J, 6 Sc, cE3 5, 9 30 5 z.,'„1•0 .30, 10 a 5, 11 30, 1230,1.2 45, 13). 2 60, 3J, 4 30,4 4 43 cl 4), 3v,6 38,7,30. 8 50, 533, 9 S. 1i 0, al) 30, it 0. uii 8 30,9 10 925 930. 15 40). 1 **.'2,_2 02 5, 35, 820, 9 40, litclye.only. ddlewich -6 48, 2 42, 6 6. c'ore-6 56,9 6 11 14,12 14,3 40,5 0.7 33.Sunlays,8 19,4 58 5,133 - 41. 7 25, 3 42, 929, lt) 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, 1 55, 1181 53, 549, 6 21,7 30, 8 0, 9 10, 9 55. 11 3. 11 47, 7 0 „9 buuchys 33,98, 937. ,tal.„,..`igate 7 48, 8 26, 9 0,10 6 1 9, 4 10, o 12, 5 18 7 3,9 19. , ki0:301 e 53. 11 20, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. 20 29. 4 5,5 50,a6 25,8 15. 95, 9 3010, 10,11 28, 12 15 b 0,3 55, 425,5 38, 6 4u, 6 45,7 27,8 10, 9 45, 11 0. Sundays A 315 *8 35 30, 610 1047, 2 36. a Moudays excepted. , 63 9 19 10 15, la 3',), 1 25, 3 2, 440 5 41, , 53. 756, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24,12 36, 1 36, lo • a..., 44, 4 3, 521, 5 40, 6 22, 7 25, 8 6 933. a audays, 849, ° 40 0 7* 923. L,t 8 25, 11 5. 1 55, 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 5 10. 11 4u. (ens-6 20.6 Sc, 8 1,13 25, 9 is, 105, 10 25, 11, 12 21, 2 45. 4 30, 5 SJ. 8 2 . Sunday 7 45, 25, 7 25. • ',l4ooort-8 b, 10 10,11 15,1250.2 JO 2 50, 3 55, 70, 8 10, 1• .41: 40 Sundays. 90, 20, 8 T, aSatu‘days only. 718 pvall- 8 10, 8 35, 930. 958, 11 i 3, 1 13, 1 4t, 2 9 2 55, 19 47, 63, 645, 7 45, 931, 1123. sundays, 8 19, 229 Brid,, '25 ea(Cheshire Line )-3 20, 915, 10 10, 11. 12, 12 25 4 , ; , 3 25 4 25, 529 6 12. 7 16, 7 58. 9 25 11 4'2, astm 42, 3 33, 50, 91) 9 20. a Saturdays ow y (L & N W)-7 58 56, 9 33 10 36, 12 I.E. 59. 2 2, 2 6`.. . 0, 5 5, 646 ,11 6, Sundays 8 14, 1250, 754

Ordinary , MAILS. Postage. 5-0 a.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Barlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. 9-10 .„ All places south of Crewe. 9-65 ~ Ireland and all parts West of Chester. 10-30 ~ Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirli, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Maill -10 Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. 2-15 p.m. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales.Preston,St.Heiens. Southport, and S ".;11 Wales ... 3-0 Ashton-in-Makerlield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 4-30 Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport .and all Yorkshire. ... 6-30 „ Wigan. 8-0 „ All Parts—Genera Nlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:—

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN Hain RENEWEE, tor it will positively resi.ore. in every case, any or wnite hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as prornotiog the growth. Yrico 3s. 6d per bottle. —"Ursa' CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. In elth sex, all aNuired or constitutional Dlscha,rges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in thc back. Free from Mercury . listat fished upwards of 3) Tears. In boxes 4s. 6,1 each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Toe Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt FLORILINE I—FoR TRE TEETH AND BRELTIL—ThOfOIIabIy Olealtscs thet teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gurne, previ;nts tartar, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance , to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Fiorillo* "Powder." of all Chemists find Perfumers.— Advt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's STARCR GLOSS ' isuusqualled for imparting a tk-autiful finish to starched linen, with either cutd or boiling Tater starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says :—Mp wife will not finish our linen without your •• Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear sir. lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find neue equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at to., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- cure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn. Prcprietor.—Advt.

,-ENGLISH WAIV.I7IES —A-1..1W AYS THE BEST. .•:•.-- cw , 4z,i, ' p, ,g...A ,----,--::7 kI,,A 7.1 m 1 Pzrrz F. PI r ••':V. RI ,),,,,..., ~,. , ~,., 4,,i it"; 44 tr-,,,_' s--y-i 1.511 -L •"4-.. !.. •' V ' ' '' ' A, -0 !....,,,. Mii c_Z .„,,,,,,,,,s1 , 404. 1.•:,5a ' , '‘.... '''' '624.1t-Y 4.1 111 '',lN.d,:L' ''.....-.•-•”"""''''' i' ' 6.l'iad, ~..- —• Guaranteed far ii.CClll'ary, riuralilLity, antl Slrengt:l, at Ific..ke.r's Cash Pries. In Silver Caso3. In. 13 et. (.olri Casrz. n tkN C', ---.1 (," 0/ -01., ~.T.70 P.411:t ri. V ci:c.o '4&0,,g11 - ,' • ' '""' ',,,,'4'.-7.ti.-!\., ...1.....;;„:•:5-,3.-!:.,,,, --• 0 11,... ,'s ,-;-',01,-,, ).:4-7 r..-7;: N-2 L.!•13 H LEV E F-",' , -;iiii-,-.;-:z.,-,..'.•,:c4... S i'...,;,k,. - 66 `7.- 14 14 irz\l‘ evf; Ts rfoi-qi 3195 A..,-.41 • ~, a4l :,, N,A-4‘ 174EsT. CITEAPEi•-,T. Nntl STP.ONCiEST. London made (- , .. _Li TIIRI4:'.-QIIAILTER, PLATE English Lever Watch. '-r!' ' ' ' - '7,1,, Clirortnmct!r Balance. Patent large Barrel I: /4 .4404,1frz> ,c, 't ~,,,X,,,1, an '. ..,. . :. 1.,:-; I'm,: 16ng 1:::,:al. '2,1,.5-ive Silver Cases -4,.t, ,-..--,:, .. ( ',ysto Wit. s, double the Strength and ~i 6., ' • ,-----'%., Ve.... -,. , .. . 1 ~.;_,.:, Cs. Wst.b. .:ij ~ ' :!:: -.. •: ': . :•:., -, .o .." ne .1, ,-,. i.;::; Es.:-No./. Gentlemen's _. - , . '.! -' , , , - ',,,- ~ •, ! ; ..is 0. ..., •,,(h1,......, IL, n's ; No. :-'., Railway Men ..t,..,,A if-a:,,:,:.. 5,., ~r.,:i.4,1,,7,,4j ~.i. r: y-,,,,.., , - . : ,Q011,r;'..5.-s, W 1111 Crystal. Glr.ss, Gentlemen's 4.-,fs'f A ..,..1,:li ..,.:.: ......... i...:..........c,5. i BEl:al's ;.,‘.,, 4t. ' Xii,`,;(1,),.04,&i/ 8 1.:1; 1. I' T.t E::: -..t our 1 j:::'.:, to :II rp_rts of the World for ‘.".1,37/,/ EOOK '''''N,,, ~,`,-ez,...- -'"/641Y7 d. , f BEN nc:ti'S I.IOOK cf WA T.C,F..12:•4 ficrn i 2 to £5:10. ./1 L' U( POST FREF. --------",-.'"AP:ve.,',o,y -,5,..,...4,,, , PLAU'E, .%...., .3.:. -. I .r. tit free on appllcat.,_on. ...i. In Silver Cases. In 13-ot.. Gal d Cases. 17,_,„Tft Ck) Crk 'e 6 ; lirl iirtk,iir,lo,o -.S Pi! (i i' . ~;, ' ,A- TIT. t4t t„,....\\ 4-#..,e,,, KEYLS: SS F' 'LI LEVER , Arril Ty -4, ~,,, ,--.lka, 4.174 N, ii, '5.11=4) W 4:11 Trt 9 I ik01.....,. F%.• tt .., f. , ~i AP 1kT,...,,.-`z*.t•.',.4,-e.;so‘ (,;;;;L.Z.c.:-;) 3.4 !'t 2,e' P 4. .........• c ...Lax.. .....i.b, ' al_ \A.:‘,4, zk'k§ 4-111-4- ~..\.,,'oCli ABOUT ;VATCH for general wear. BEST , ‘ t ,•,.,, , ..tcm . i ! ,'. , .: i- ; Y. "! hrt-e- Quart4er Plate ENGLISH -/4 ' \t, ..0\ J(i 1 ii\ '' .- 37 v .. - . !. ~. f uli y• ;ett-,clled, Keyless Action. t , 0 ' ' . ~ - ~.' i,...._ . !.1 :•:: -.1 :;I‘.-c 7. gal.s. or in strong 18-ct. 4 - ~ 1.315. l'• . t fr, ~. ~,:i• ri,h. for Cash or P. 0.0. tt.::l !.. 1:CTIO1`:::14 Oi,' W.A.:CITES OR JEWELLERY SENT '''-' fl,, ..xii .:' 1 i I i: , ON RECEIPT OF liEFEEENCE. 1r , S'--, ' ;''': ./"....- 11l i tt‘kl !XI-A 41 Cno 144 i VII OLD WATCHES Al\rD jr.WELLZEV TEN IN EXCHANGE. p i-, rs Ci''' :i . 4i,,;;j:q 0 W 'P TIV llq rile% 0 Wir Ltd , § ilvot, 0,,, 0 4,...uz,. 0 ..:5,a,' --.;',4 .k. Lk... .I.le, 9 .) BENSON'S I.:: it- .4,11' (-41,' 1 E-:.t,1. THE QUEEN'S WATCHMAKERS, 04 ~ or?' • BOOK „ \ail) ~* , yae THE STEAM FACTORY— , • . 4 '. fr- POST FREE. '.;:,. )1' ,411)+1./. Pe3 T n' A TH' S i.l PF 7 f Rll tiL d ti 3,,, Lbs.d.,--diAc.. tit 1? LONDON. i CLOCKS ; ob 1, p -,, 1 a.o: —..tire.,,es, ~e.. 00 g, an cl Pul,lif3 :r.?;•;1P.,',i),;-,:. ;roln 25. EST37,IATES FIIEZ.

IF YOU WAFirr TO GET WELL TAKE WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE. '..lgrE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases, Inflammation & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, Rheumatism & Gout. WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PRoF. DR. R. A. GUNN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REv. JAMES THOM/LS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years."— MAJOR MCMURRAY, Armagh. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. G. SQUIRREL], Rugby. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by r" and, Dealers.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG tkv urriletrwouond with ngedsth infoimma that discharge swolleneonoarotheha rwiseitte wh rlt: von press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im nression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remecties you have tried, which, tf not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being accreted ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may ittr.ve ct,tended various hospitals a,d had medical advice, an aeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Ordet for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINEEDON-STREET Loxnow, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILT•q which lea certain remedy for the cure-of Bad Logs House- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols”,el Hands, Bunions. illegistered Copp ight.)

SYMINGTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE Ei.S,SNCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. CUARANTEED PURE. 100

riIIINTS 1 GOVERNMENT 1P71.1. TENTS ! I Originally 1.. cost £6: offered at 255. elch ; •)r se' ecfed at 325. each 4.51 t O. c i r cumference f n f,: .. . ivcs `.7• . 10ft high Have ..., . ..!. only been used 1.4 ,;'• _ a short time Ay, N.M.H. M. Govern- .' ' ' ei ft, • ment ; mitable • . . .•.. for Camping Oct, Gardens Cricket gr ounds I..npis Lawns. . /cc. Complete with pole, peg, lines, mallet ana tent bag. Two supplied to Buckingham Palace. Apply ANDREW POTTER, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton. also manu- facturer of Marquees. Garden and all other kinds of Tents for Sale or Hire, Catalogues and Estimates free en application.

1 • RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. puNos By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. pIANOS Prices and Terms to suit all pockets. ORGANS Inosntrrueenalnpttso;Vri:temreodnFtitinsttoanyenptart PIANOS vo Bondsmen or Securities required. I lIIGANS PIANOS from Is. 6d, per month. 1, I ORGANS from ss. per month. pI/17.10S Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. 01-:GANS (Mention this Paper.) _T. RICHMOND e) ONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-:ROAD, LIVERPOOL. BRANCH- 355, PARLIAMENTARY-ROAD. GLASGOW.

A MATTER OF IMPORTANCE WHEN 1.4 URNISIIING IS TO SECURE,' SOUND, RELIABLI,:, AND ARTISTIC GOODS AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. It is an undoubted fact. that you can BUY CHEAPER AND BETTRit AT THE P 10NEER COMPLETE FURNISELL.NC-r STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLU-STICE6T, LIVERPOOL, THAN IN ANY OTHER ESTAI3LISHHENT. It mast be, however, borne in mind that the LOW PRICES are for Cash only.

ATCH.ELL'S CLUB HATS. TOE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES IS. 61). AND 10S. 6D. 48, LOB D-STRE ET, Li VERPOOL.

• • (2/ )1, r !v -.•• : , • &v,,•2

QUICIMT CJORRZCT Au. lIIREGETARTTIES, REMOTE ALL onsruncrunii s and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent witltthe sex. Boxes,lild; 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhera cn receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co., tranafacturers, Dryden fit., Nottingham. Peirwr, ef Im;lation.e. injuriovs nitd

DOUBLE rouß by 'selling EXTRA t.r.c.:r CREAM. The most profitable article on the market. If you now sell "Ice Cream,- our lleitipe will doable your takings. If you do not sell "Ice Cream ' you'iniss soma very largo prate. A very small eiit:av would be requiml to etn.quente lu tliia ra-st prittable busines'. We oiler you the very beet Recipe in tAa HinAldonl for making Extra. Ice Cream. ma most delielow leo imaginable. An inst,mtions to purchasers of Recipe free. For utrtber r•rt.ulars apply to— J. MACKINTOSH. 13, Park Tertraca, HALIFAX. (Plena mention this paerr.)

INothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain like a strong.cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In Grocers bottles from all . 82 n

I, L IT3IS..7, ,o. • ••,„ , Fon N.4,t"' i TOOTHACHE AND . Qtruttic7 1 •= • 3.. tk. . - NEURALCIA cuun. , In bottles. is. 10., of all Chemists or PM, Free from Manufacturer, . " Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D-S.. B.V.S. 1.,t JOT), Surgeon-Dentist, 29 ytnour-et rest. Li cercool.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In botties from all Grocers. 79

1 ~- I.t '''s rAR EAs F g aim P sf -....,,, -',L-.• :.: ;;; k-1 i.: VA , -,,-. f!i, :- e 1 , 1:1, Ki 0 Aly_h•Ci: ,st_. 4. , 1-; i!' ti:' !‘• ',: - 'O. V - 1-4'. * '4 C . en 'L.A. VI - 0 ••••, 0 i?4I7M !Ii•-• ta .-,..; is', •,'. , ,L't !'-v.v #;.,..:%'4- 4- -4 ' '''.-,,,X.W .a f 2 V.: ikl el 4 441 kt: aim rti 'tN, &. CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHETA., INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Thtteat, Ouinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, scußry, ,to. • IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff JoiTate9 Sly)zondln.s, laVilljalS, 15CM141.3, Mild EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor*

: 03 Jti FM ..,..1 , 7.3 CVCL iLadln: and '---- fill„,• 4,,) --7,--;;" ' I&..M.'\ rtihro4J.%lPtee!tdaar:. .I.eiti/A:,-111z ii&‘s "Arr'age 'l4 • , ti,,,- - . .—,,, b 4..,... ..• f., Di;,,,,, t. ROAD RACER, £lO. 1C 0 Monthl-; thlY 'r Write for New Season Jll 's List of 110 cy ces £l2 0 20/. do. fllo° I°o 171 Mmdo. and Accessories. sent Post Pres. cu 12 21/. do. Metropolitan Machinists' Co.. Ltd.. £l4 14 24/6 do. 75. Bishonagate St., Without, EX., and cy 15 201 de. Piccadilly Circus, London, W. Type Writers. £9 9s. 15/9 Monthly.

. THE FAMOUS L. AND T. TAWNY FLAKE rrOBACCO. Til SWEETEST AND COOLEST SMOR ON EARTH YI loz. AND 20z. FOILS 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. biEsWICK, 58, HORSELIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NE S. TORNADO IN AMERICA. A SEAPORT DESTROYED. New YORK, Turrestal• A series of devastating storms took place yesterday le various parts of the country. Half a millson acres were affected in the Mississippi Valley, and the crops in that area are said to have been destroyed. The tewa Cl Carrabella, a prosperous seaport in Florida, has been practically wiped out by the tornado. Many vessels well driven asuore and wrecked. There have been Boole fatalities, but the loss of life is not yet accurateli known. At St. Marks in Florida, where the storm was also experienced in all its severity, fifteen persons were drowned. A RECORD IN CHILD-BIRTH. A record case of childbirth occurred at Bletchley, near Fenny, Stratford, yesterday where a widow gave birth in a lodging house, to six children. Dr. Nicholson at- tended. They were five months' children and were all still-born. Dr. Nicholson embalmed the bodies,and selot them to the Anatomical Museum, London. The poor woman was subsequently removed to the Union 10" firrnary. at Fenny, Stratford. THE MURDER OF THE DOMINICAN P RESIDALNT. EXECUTION OF TEE ASSASSINS. NEW YORK, THURSDAY MORNINE. A despatch from San Domingo to the "New York Journal' announces that two of the assassins of the late President Heureux have been captured. They were promptly shot. The country is now quiet. A HUNGRY CHESHIRE FOX. The ravages of foxes in Cheshire are causing serioUs losses to farmers. Yesterday morning, Mr. Crewe, or The Grange Farm, Wybuebury. near Crewe, repeats the loss of no fewer than 60 chickens, many of which were well bred, Reynard carried off 20 of the chickene and lefttlas remainder in the orcaard after having bitter' off their heads. There are several litters of cubs in the neighbourhood. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four boors in the noith west of England Was issued at the Meteorological Office at three o'clock yesterday afternoon : Easterly breezes, moderate. Fine ; some thunder, iS places. 4 ' THE BRIGGS FUND. . A collection at Old Trafford yesterday clh behalf of .1 Briggs realised £126 ss. LATEST CRICKET. CLOSE OF PLAY SCORES. LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE ;—Yorkshire, 344. Lancashire 6 for none. AUSTRALIANS v. HAMPSHIRE ;—Hampshire, 3 • 93 all out. SURREY V. MIDDLESEX .--Surrey, 366 for 7- ESSEX V. GLOUCESTERSHIRE :—Gloucestershire, 388 tor 7. WORCESTERSHIRE v SUSSEX :—Worecstershire. 252, Sussex 44 for 3. MARLBOROUGH V. RUGBY :—Marlborough 197,30 d 154 for 5 ; Rugby 134. RUNCORN WESLEYAN CYCLING CLUB. These merry wheel, r, on Saturcsay last, pedalled off to the Davenham Ole Fayre," and quite a delightful' time was spent. The journey was made via Barnteris the ride through the avenue being much appreciated. Returning by way of Northwich and Comberbach, Rue" corn was safely reached at a respectable hour. VIOLENT PRISONERS AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn' Police Court, on Saturday, before Messrs. F. J. and A. R. Norman, Edward Morris Ann Morris, husband and wife, were charged with being drunk and disorderly in High street on the previous daY. Sergeant Cooper stated that his attention was called to , the prisoners in High-street near the Holyhead Harhnur• They were both drunk and using bid language. Willi the assistance--of P.O. Nicholls he brought them to tbe pol,ce station. —P.C. Nichoils corroborated.—Cbarles Duttort,of the London and North Wcstern Railway Betel stated that the two prisoners came into his house and asked for a pint of beer. He refused to serve them 011, account of their condition, and they made use of Ma language. The male prisoner took up a stoolsand dashed it on the counter in a threatening manner. He gave le" form,tion to the police.—Sergeant Gill spoke to the now duct of the prisoners while in the cells. Ile had to keel) watch to prevent them doing any damage. They wig!, the most violent prisoners they had bad in the celi' during the past five years.—The female prisoner Was 4 fined ss. and 9s. costs, or seven days hard labour, enu,, the man was committed to gaol for 21 days' her' labour.

F OR F IRST-CLASS PRIVAT DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may he arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informed brforehand the cost cf work required. TELT.EI. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hBtxtreto by the TEETEI. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Baors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTLST BY Exam.) MANCHESTER (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL ............................5, BOLD-STREII (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATINDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN TU; ISDAY, 2 pan. WARRINGTON 3A, SANKEY-STRO WEDNED a, 2 to 5. RUNCORN tkiURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH... .lB, APPLE ,;ARKET-3TRESI. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGE, MAKIN—FLATafiN -July 22nd, at the Parish Church. rington, by the nay. A. S. Cameron, Arthur Maio. i? Martha Aun Fiatman DEATHS. SPENCER—JuIy 20th, at Nicholson-street. Warrington, Ali° Louisa Spencer, aged 19 years. HIGHAM—JuIy 2 tat, at Battersby-lane, Warrlna- Frederick Eligham. a.,ed 8 years. WICKS—JuIy 23rd, at Navigation-iitreet, Warrington, T 130133 Wicks, aged b 8 years. BUTLER—JuIy 23rd, at Watkin-street, Warrington, Catheriga Butler, aged 28 years. IN MEMORIAM. IN Loving Memory cf MARIA wife of Wirs.rist H. plrll° who died August 2nd, 1895. " Gm° but not forgotten." faa.-it ',ld 4 Waeringsoa, Upoustta Arpiey Also at MANCHBSTER-BOAD, (late Besenhigh'" S. T. W ARD AND Co.. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. &ct, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, MOnnThite. Gra Tombs. Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free, LETTBROu TTING, AND CLEANING EXIST MONUMBNTS A SPBCIALIT Ea Warrington —Printed and published by JoN3I Vit„tellviser Co., at The Evaminer General Printing Works. ifnd also street, and published by them at the same Placorr at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road. WIDNES; ;on/ 10, street, tiT. HELENS, and 3, Market•street, BAR".!,uNcolo the County of Lancastet and also at High-street. a I ahe County of Chester .—AVOUNT 4, 1899.
