===== 0002601_18990908_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER. NORTHWICH PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION.

REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS, COUNTY ELECTORS, & PAROCHIAL ELECTORS, 1899. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that DAVID ARCHER VAUGHAN COL I' WILLIAMS, Esquire, havieg been appointed one of the Barristers to Revise the Lists Of Electors in Parliamentary Elections, within the North Wales Circuit, will make a Circuit and bold Courts for Revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors, County Electors and Parochial Eli crors. and also of the separate List of Persons entitled to be elected Members of the County Council of the County of Chester, though not entitled to be on the County Electors Roll of the said County, for the NORTHWICH DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHESTER, at the several times and places following, that is to say On MONDAY, the 18th day of September NExr, at 11-20 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 o'clock in the Evening on the same day, at the Town Hall, Williford, for the severe I Parishes in the following Polling Dis- tricts, viz :—WINSFORD (OVER) POLLING DISTRICT. —Over, WINSFORD (WHARTON) POLLING DIS- TRICT.—Wharton. On TUESDAY, the 19th day of September NEXT, at 10-30 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 8 o'clock in the Xvenieg on the same cay, at the Magistrates' Court House, Runcorn, for the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling Districts, via. : ASTON-BY-SUTTON POLLING DISTRICT. —Aston Grange, Aston-by-Sutton with Middleton Grange, button, and Sutton ; HALTON POLLING DISTRICT.— Halton, Norton, and Stockham ; RUNCORN NORTH POLLING DISTRICT.—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn North; RUNCORN SOUTH POLLING DIS- TRICT.—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn South ; WESTON POLLING DISTRICT.—CIifton and Weston. On WEDNESDAY, tie 20eh day of September NEXT, at 10.30 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Town Hall, Mindleivich, for the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling District, viz. :—MIDDLEWICH POLLING DISTRICT.—Bostock, Byley ' • that part for- Merly known as Croxton and Raven!croft ; Clive, Kin- derton ; that part formerly known as Binderton-cum- Hulme, Middlewich and Stantiorne. On THURSDAY, the 21st day of September NEXT, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon ' • on FRIDAY, the 22nd day of September NEXT, at 10-30 o'clock in the Fore- noon, and at 6 o'clock in the Evening on the same day; and on Saturday, the 23rd day of September next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon, at the Magistrates' Court House, Northwich, for the several Parishes and parrs of Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz :—BARN- TON POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Anderton, Barnton, Hart- ington, Cogshall, Comherbach, Little Leigh, and Mar. bury ; DAVENHAM POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Davenharn, Eaton, Lettwicla Moulton, Whatcroft ; that part tormerly known as the Parish of Whatcruit. MARSTON POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Budvrorth Great, Marston, and Winchaixi ; NORTHWICH (CASTLE) POLLING Mei- TRlCT.—Hartford, and Northwich ; that part formerly the Urban part of Hartford, and the Parish of Castle Northwich. NORTH WICH (LEFTWICH) POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Noitlawich ; that part formerly the Urban Dart of Leftwich and Parish of Northwich. NORTH- WICH (WITTON) POLLING DISTRIC T.—Northwich ; that part formerly the Parish of Witton-cum-Twam- brooks. WEAVERHAM POLLING DISTRICT.—Acton and Weaverhani-cum-Milton. WINNINGTON POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Northwich ; that part formerly the Urban Part of Winnington ; Wionington ' • that part formerly the Rural part of Winningten ; Winnington ; that part formerly know as Wallerscote. And for all and every the Parishes, Townships and places (if any) within the said Northwich Division of the Ceunty of Chester, for which Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electors' Lists County Electors' Lists, and Parochial Elector? Lists therein, have not hereinbefore been appointed. All Overseers and other persons whose attendance niay be necessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at the several times and pier:ea aforesaid, at Which the Lists of their respective Parishes are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Books of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the sth day of January, 1898, and the 15th day of July, 1899, and to bring with '•hern copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and Objections, and other Papers they have received, con- nerein- g the Registration of Parliamentary Electors for tne Northwich Division and County and Parochial Elec- tors of the said County of Cheeter:

REGINALD porrs, Gerk of the Cheshire County Council. rtie3ter, 24th August, 1899.

PECIA LI TY:: ENVELOPES 2.411;.1t LOOO.

No. 1065.

S ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES Is. 6D. AND 10S. 6D.

48, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION ACT. 1899. TUBERCULOSIS.

NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that by Part 11. 11 of the above Act it is provided that : -

PENALTY FOR SELLING MILK OF DISEASED COWS.

- - Sec. 96. Every person who knowingly sells or suffers to be sold or used for human consumption within the borough the milk of any cow which is suffering from tuberculosis of the udder shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

PENALTY ON FAILING TO ISOLATE DISEASED COWS. Sec. 97. Any person the milk of the cows in whose dairy is sold or suffered to be sold or used for human consumption with lii the borough who after becoming aware that any cow in his dairy is suffering from tuberculosis of the udder keeps or per- mits to be kept such cow in any field shed or other premises along with other cows in milk shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds. --------

===== 0002601_18990908_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
OBLIGATION TO _NOTIFY CASES OF .TUfiERCITLOSIS.

8ee:973: H.Yery dairyman who supplies milk within the borough and has in his dairy any cow affected with or suspec- ted of or exhibiting signs of tuberculosis of the udder shall forthwith give written notice of the fact to the Medical Officer of Health stating his name end address and the situation of the dairy or premises wliFre the cow is. Any dairyman failing to give such notice as required by this Section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
POWER TO TAKE SIMPLES OF MILK.

See. 99. (1.) It shall be lawful for the Medical Offieer of Health or any personprovided with and if required exhibiting the authority in writing of such MedicAl Officer of Health to take within the borough for examination samples of milk pro- duced or sold or intended for sale within the borough.

(2) The like powers in all respects may be exercised outside the borough by the Medical Officer of Health or such authorised person if he shall first have obtained from a Justice having jurisdiction in the place where the sample is to be taken an order authorising the taking of samples of the milk which order any such Justice is hereby empowered to make.

POWER TO INSPECT COWS AND TO TA/CH: SAMPLES OF MILL Sec. 100. If milk from a dairy situate within the borough is being sold or suffered to be sold or usal within the borough the Medical Offiaer of Health or any person provided with and if requiring exhibiting the authority in writing of the medical officer may if accompanied by a pror eriy qualified veterinary surgeon at all reasonable hours enter the dairy and inspect the cows kept therein and if the medical officer or such person has reason to suspect that any cow in the dairy is suffering from tuberculosis of the udder he may require the cow to be milked in his pretence and may take samples of the milk and the milk from any particular teat 3hall if he so requires be kept separate and separate samples thereof be furnished. (2) If the Medical Officer ofHealth is of opinion that tuber- culosis is caused or is likely to be caused to persons residing In the borough from consumption of the milk supplied from a dairy situate within the borough or from any cow kept therein he shall report thereon to the Corporation and his report shall be accompanied by any report furnished to him by the veterinary surgeon and the Corporation may there upon serve on the dairyman notice to appear before them within such time not less than twenty-four hours as may be specified In the notice to show cause why an order should not be made requiring him not to supply any milk from such dairy within the borough until the order has been withdrawn by the Corporation. (3) If the Medical Officer of Health has reason to believe that milk from any dairy situate outside the borough from which milk is being sold or suffered to be sold or used within the borough is likely to cause tuberculosis in persons residing within the borough the powers conferred by this section may In all respects be exercise tin the case of such dairy Provided that the Medical Officer of Health or other authorised person shall first have obtained from a Justice having jurisdiction in the place where the dairy is situate an order authorising such entry and inspection which order any such Justice is hereby empowered to make. (4) Every dairyman and the persons in his employment shall render such reasonable assistance to the Medical Officer of Health or such authorised person or veterinary surgeon as aforesaid as may be required by such medical officer parson or veterinary surgeon for all or any of the purposes of this section and any person refusing such assistance or obstructing such medical officer person or veterinary surgeon in carrying out the purposes of this section shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds. (5) If in their opinion the dairyman fails to show cause why such an order may not be made as aforesaid the Corpora- tion may make the said order and shall forthwith serve notice of the facts on the County Council of any administrative county in which the dairy is situate and on the Local Govern- ment Board and if Vac dairy is situate outsida the borough on the Council of the borough or County District in which it is situate. . _

(6) The said order shall be forthwith withdrawn oa the Cor- poration or their Medi_al Officer of Health being satisfied that the milk supply has been changed or that it is not likely to cause tuberculosis to persons residing in the borough. (() If any person after any such order has been made sup- plies any milk within the borough in contravention of the order or sells it for consumption therein he shall be liable to a penalty not excee ling five ponnds and if the offence con- tinues to a further penalty not exceeding forty shillings for ery day during which the offence continues. f (8) A dairyman shall not be liable to an action for breach o contract if the breach be due to an order onder this section.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE OF PROVISIONS OF ACT.

_ Sec. 101. The Corporation shall cause to be given public notice of the effect of the provisions of this part of this Act, by advertisement in local newspapers and by handbills and otherwise in such manner as they think sufficient and this part of this Act shall come into operation at such time not being less than one month after the fist publication of such an advertisement as aforesaid as the Corporation may fix.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PROCEDURE.

Sec. 102 Offences under this part of this Act may be prose- cuted and penalties may be recovered by the Corporation be- fore a Petty Sessional Court having jurisdiction in the place where the 4airy 16 sitnate or where the offence is committed and not otherwise.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
AS TO EXPENSES.

Sec. 103. All expenses incur—r-ea---Wtle CorporatioH in carry ing into execution th, provisions of this part of this Act shall be chargeable upon the improvement fund and improyement rate and the Corporation may also charge upon the same rate any expenses incurred by them in the application by a veterinary surgeon o. the tuberculin or other reasonable test for the purpose of discovering tuberculosis to any cow whose milk is or was recently being supplied within the borough. Provided that no such test shall be applied except with the previous consent of the owner of such now.

EIRCIYTIori OF THIS PART OF ICT BY COMMITITIr.

Sec. 104. This part of this Act may b- carried into execu- tion by a committee of the Connell formed in accordance with and subj-ct to the provisions of the Fourth Schedule of the Diseases of Animals Act 1894 except that the committee shall consi, t wholly of the members cf the Council. AND Pi OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that PART IX. of the above Act shall COME' INTO OPERATION on the 9th day of OCTOBER, 1899. Dated the let dap of September, 1899.

J. LYON WHITTLE' 'lowa. Clerk

DAILY SAILINGS.

FRIDAY, sEpPriEmmER 8 1899.

NORTII WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL.

Best and Quickest Route to—fIC4Y-w-73-1-1. St. Winifrlde'a Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON

Will Sal from the Prince's Linding-stage and Mostyn (weather and other.circurnstanees permitting), as under :

LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same day.

Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers, two to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in 14ort4s Wales. *Long day trips, about ten hours ashore.

From LIVERPOOL From MOSTYN Sat. 9th Sept. 10 0 a.m. Sat. 9th Sept. 245 p.m. Mon. 11th Sept. 10 0 a.m. Mon. 11th Sept. 4 0 p.m. Tues. 12th Sept. 11 0 am. Tues. 12th Sept. 4 30 p.m. Wed. 13th Sept. 12 noon Wed. 13th Sept. 5 0 p.m. The. 14th Sept. 1 30 p.m. Thu. 14th Sept. 6 0 p.m. Fri. 15th Sept. 3 0 p.m. Fri. 15th Sept. 715 p.m. Sat. 16t5 Sept. 315 p.m. Sat. 16th Sept. 730 p.m• Single Fare (Deck), is. 6d. ; (Bridge), 2s. 6d. Return Fire (Deck), 2s. ; Bridge, 3e. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue cn.y. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. •01:63es :27, WATER-SiliEBT, Liverpool. Telephone, ?334

===== 0002601_18990908_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, EOS TON, PHILADIMPHIA.SAN FRANCISCO, UANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND should take tiekets at the LOWIiST RATES at

OHN VV ALKgrz AND CO., ADEL A IDF;,THAIVaI FE.u(?rUomLNlivEnagOL. SYDNEY

===== 0002601_18990908_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BY POST{ IS. IS 9d. per Quarter credit 7%(1. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum

THE BELFAST HOUSE. OHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED 19IG- to inform their former patrons and the Pub- lic generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH W6REHOUSE 765 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

HAND WOVEN DAMASI-i-TABL.E HOTBS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE -MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY, JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LID 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILIE FACTORY. BALLYMERE.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDES DANDELION COFFEE

The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Crocers and Druggists, la Canister 6d., 10d., and ls. Bd. each. Wholesa:e by J., GIiDDES .sarn SON. WARRINGTON ESTLBLIHED 1833

LONG WORTH PAPER IVIERC RANT. 1 BUTTER PAPER, 13a 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS, 20s Ow CHEESE „ us „ PURPLE BAGS, 68 ~ THIN WHITE PAPER, 1 , BLUE OR PINK,, 125 6d . CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, 7ad ; 16 by 24, 100 ; 19 by 29 Is 3d per team. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. Is, 4 ozs. Is 2d per 1000. SCOO I SIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, is 6d WOO, NOTE PAPER,3id per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET. MANCHESTER.

_ UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS 1 I TEIB LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOIL PRESENTS.

LADIES' & GENTLEHEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED nfr HAW? All HOUR FROM 3s. SD.

T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING. TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss. sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and ad per dozen ; Trout Flies, le to Is 64 per dozen: gut Casts,three yards,24d, 4d, 6d, and 9.1 each ; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d; Floate,t wo for Id; porcupines, id each; gentles hi stock at 3d, 6d, and Is per box.

WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle libel:TO.

TOBACCO, CIGAR, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STURET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A DELICIOUS EFFERVESCING

DRINK! MARES YOU FURL BUTTER WHILE YOU DRINK IT.

SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD AND CHEAP, WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU THIRSTY? ,TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

ARE YOU FEVERISH ? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

AIM YOU BILIOUS ? TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT.

WILLS' lITGEIA SALT QUENCHES THIRST. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

CLEANSES THE STOMACH. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

CLEARS TEE TONGUE. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT

PURIFIES THE BLOOD. WILLS' IIYGEIA SALT

REGULATES THE SYSTEM. WILLS' HYGEIA SALT RENDERS MEDICINE UNNECESSARY. 6D. AND IS. PEU TIN.

The Following testimonial has been received from Mr. Blakeley, Professor of Music, of liulme, Man- chester, with regard to Wills' Hygela Salt : "I find the Salt to be all the proprietors claim for it and it has proved most beneficial in my case. A bet- ter aperient I never had. I have tried various other things, all of them griping me, till I tried WILLS' lIYULIA SALT. which never causes rue the slightest discomfort. After using it I feel better invigorated, and can recommend it to any who find a safe and pleasant aperient desirable. I shall always keep it by me, and will certainly give it my best recom- mendations."

SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS: BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, ERIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. WHO SELL AT THE REDUCED PRICES OF SD. & 80.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Phyeical Debility should send for a valus 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent Cure. Ben raided, poet free. Address— ,4l3.. NORTON, 69, t 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O listanlished 30 Xedirs.i

===== 0002601_18990908_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
G

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATIA

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may tfi arranged TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Informed beforehand the cOst of work required. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderate charges.

An M.D., also Lady Attendants.

Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide.

Maker to Dentists of 10,0 X gallops weekly. lixors, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DExTurr ET EXAM.)

MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1680),

BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS .—...._____...GEORGE-STREEZ MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7p.)21. SATURDAY, 9 a.m, to 7p.m.

EARLES TO WN .J,. 13 RID 0 E-STREEr TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANK EY-STREa WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

APPLEMARKET-STREET

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

f•in k)OMPETITION I_IEY,"

PUBLISHED ETERY SATURDAY, PRICE ONE PENNY. OVER £l5O IN PRIZES.

CONTAINS: SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appea-ing inlthe principal weekly periodicals, Great Football Competition, Unique Colossi! rriza Scheme, Graph- ology Column by Zola." TERMS or SUBSCRIPTION :—Single Copies, Post Free,2d.i, One Month, 6d. ; three months (12 numbers), is. PUBLISHERS : VAMPBELL AND SON,

STANLEY CHAMBERS, LEICESTER.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
__.,__,..ogOY

===== 0002601_18990908_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r i t -, t 1 .

===== 0002601_18990908_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990908_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE,

There are a lot of pretty bodices about and one I saw yesterday was a perfect dream. It had a large bow of black velvet ribbon about four inches wide fastened at the throat and from it a band of similar velvet passed straight down the front of the bodice, disappearing under a black velvet belt of the same width. This very simple trimming is remarkably effective, and can be adapted with admirable results to any dress of a light colour, such as pale blue, pink, or mauve. The darkness of the velvet not only bring out to advantage the soft tone of the dress, but also makes it extremely becoming. On each breast there is a pretty rosette from which hung long bows of white lace. The breast of the bodice,which opened in the front, was of pleated silk.

I cannot say I admire the bow worn in the front of sailor hats, and one often wonders how it hap- pens that the ugliest fashions become the most widespread. Birds are coming back into favour. Perhaps the discussion that there has been with regard to the use of plumage has kept this mode of trimming in the minds of the chapeau-makers. I know that the girls who make these millinery birds are so expert that they can almost imitate any real winged creature. A handful of roses, hearty, full- blown red beauties is the proper pony for a hat that is to be used with a variety of toilettes, or even more admirable is ornamentation in tufts of tinted grain, ripe russet rose and plummy purples.

A periodical called The Lady had some ifitsrest- ing pictures of recent fashions the other day and one that attracted my attention was one in which the bodice had a perfectly tight back, and the front, arranged in original fashion, with fulness collected at the fastening on the left side. The top of the pinafore overpart was scalloped, and outlined with the drawn ribbon, and the sleeves were perfectly tight. This model could be effectively copied in poplinette, trimmed with the ribbon in a contrasting tint, and the yoke either in white surah or in silk matching the ribbon. This is a charming design for a combination of black and rose or black and lizard•green' using green velvet or rose silk. The silk would be laid in tucks, the velvet plain, and narrow rose and black gauze ribbon would be more stylish than the plain colour. If copied is blue serge, the skirt would be smart with blue ribbon with white lines drawn up into little frills, and the yoke of white ivory, or pale blue merv, closely tucked.

White, which has been so very popular all through the summer, still seems likely to remain in high favour, even during the autumn and winter months says Madqnte. Any number of white gowns were to be seen at Goodwood and at Cowes, and white is still reigning triumphantly at many of the English and for!igm watering-places. There i is much to be said n its favour, too, for it suits most people far better than colours do, and all tra- ditions to the contrary notwithstanding, I shall i always maintain that white s very becoming indeed to the middle-aged and even to the elderly always supposing of course that with advancing years they have been fortunate enough to keep their youthful slimness, and have not lost the juvenile contour of their figures. Speaking generally however white gowns will be worn this autumn chiefly by the younger members of the community, and as very few women nowa- days confess to being anything but young, the tact will probably remain that % 'nite will be very much worn by everybody. A dark-haired girl looks lovely in a pale yellow credo'n, the surface of which is crinkled like the cream in the dairy pans before the milk is skimmed. The mode of making differs a little from that of the great majority of gowns to he seen by the sea. The skirt is trimmed apron-fe3hion down the front with a series of graduated frills. The uppermost is not only very narrow in itself, but it occupies an extremely limited horizontal line. The second i overpasses t in both perticulars, and so on with the whole 15; for 15 there are. The last frill is about six inches wioe, and it is continued round the whole of the barn of the skirt. The amount of work in h dress is still further increased by the addition of very narrow black ribbon velvet to both edges of all the frills.

Your loving JENNIE.

FREE.

OUR CATALOGUE OF MAZEPPA CYCLES

Large stock of new and secondhand Machines. EASY PAYMENTS. SEND POST CARD FOR LIS"! S.

IYIAZEPPA CYCLE C 0.5 Scotlancl Road, Liverpool.

M CDOUGA L 49S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOU R ONCE TRIED ALWAYS USED.

&/q-, ~( 11, ///,

t,'e j 7,/ L:a L.., ./, / 110- - • , / / P

4 1. ;IC -, t ' ,t`i I__ .. ' .4. S z,_., . 1, \*l7/ , • -.in V /' ‘ 1 \ //,'fi.'n '''\'' . 0 )t' i i ' , ? 1 1/ \ 1 , , , \ /., ~,,, \\ .k' V . W fir / ,b 0 ° fit 4.,.\,..„,,,...\,.. i ~,,k,„ ift ~ ‘ll4/ . tie 41 ip! II - ~' ' ei, ~r,.'l ~.....,,, ~ f A, ktt

===== 0002601_18990908_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHIT."

As the years ga on, the Dachess of Fife emerges lee and less from her retirement, and is now scarcely ever seen at great funct,ons or festivities. Her two daughters are growing quite big eirls, and would be distinctly nice leokinß, were thetr expr,ssions a little less hau•ebty. That they are not great favourites with' Her Majesty, is an open secret, moreover the Ladies Duff can scarcely be said to be regarded with very greit affectiou by any of the members of the Royal Family. Madame Patti, Madame Albani, and Madame Melba, are each undertaking a conc-re tour of the litritish provinces this autumn and comine winter, a fact which will he bailed with delight by provincial music lovers. Each of these celebrated women have special recipes which they follow, for the care cf the voice. Madame Patti bas a great belief in sugar candy, and when driv- ing or travelling by train usually keeps a small piece in her mouth, which, slowly melting keeps the throat moist. Madame Albani never by any chance permits her voice to become tired. On the days she is engaged to sing she talks only in a whisper. Tea i•he forbids herself, and Bordeaux she finds excellent. Occasionally between her songs she takes, thrpugh a straw, a cup or bouillon, made in the French way, which she finds very restorative. Madame Melba is somewhat reticent con- c,rning her special "recipes" and has never yet given them to the world.

The grouped and straight lines of stitching, so much en evidence on tailor made, and other descriptions of gowns, are giving place to an arrangement of pipings of silk or satin. I have lately seen some gowns most extensively adorned in this way, and the fashion undoubtedly makes for expense, both in the initial cost, and wear. In its first freshness a gown so adorned is fascinating it is true, bat as rezarcia durability, little ran be said. Simple lines, or complicated patterns in stitching cannot wear out, and look well to the last day. Black undergarments are again to the fore, and many fashionable women are patronising them just now. Silk muslin is the fabric chosen, and the trimmings con- sist of black or white incertion and lace, through which coloured ribbons are run, then arranged in dainty little knots. Only last week, I received an invitation to in- spect a trousseau, and knowing full well that it would contain all that was most costly and up-to•date, I sallied forth in anticipation of a delightful afternoon. It was a slight shock to ent-r the apartment set aside for underwear and see black, nothing but bla.ck, every- where. Of course each set carrie I a scheme of colour in the way of ribbons, but one felt strongly inclined to talk in whispers, and wear an expre-sion more suitable to a funeral than a wedding. - - —. _ .

The languishing condition of the British silk manu- facturing industry has been attributed to the tact that it has never been wholly self-reliant upon its own re- sources. It flourished in the early part of the century owing to the fact that the long wars with France stopped the Continental supply. Afterwards the home industry was bolstered up by Protective duties on foreign imports but this did not prevent its s..esdy decline. The cotton manufacturing industry on the other hand ha; always had to fight its own way, and at the present time it is In a far better condition than the trade in silk manu- factures.

Sir Thomas Wardle, the chairman of the Silk Associa tion of Great Britain and Ireland, stated some time ago that it was impossible for silk manufacturers to earn a profit owing to the cheapness of labour in China, Japan, and Italy. But precisely the same thing could he said for the cctton industry. In both cases the raw material has to be imported, and the competition of manufac- tures produced in cheap labour countries met. In the one case these disadvantages have been met in various ways. Greater skill, cheaper capital, better machinery, and fuel, have enabled the cotton naanufacturere to hold their own in the home markets, and in most parts of the world, but this is no the case with silk manufactures, in which British goods are steadily being ousted by the foreign article. It is stated in one of the journals devoted to our sex that nearly 300,000,000 pins are produced every week in the United Kingdom. And yet hew frequently we may be found diligently hunting but for one of these in all the little drawers and nooks and corners, which pro- vide their most likely resting places. The astonishing thing is, where all the pins go to. Everyone know what a bent pin is, butjno one ever saw a worn out pin. They ao not disappear by wear and tear, and one can only imagine that ninety-nine pins out of a hundred be- come "lest." Until 50 or 60 years ago, the mann- fac,ure of pins was a long and tedious process, every- one passing through the hands of ten or a dozen workers before arriving at completien. Now they are turned out in millions at infinitely less cost, the whole of the work being done by machinery. It has often been suggested that a tax on cage birds I could constitute the te4t " Wild Birds Protection Act." Many heitnanitarians would like to see such a tax adop- ted in this country, and they will note with pleasure, that it has been put into force in at least one district in Germany. The Town Council of Apolda in Saxony have dezided to levy a tax of eighteen marks a year upon cer- tain cage birds, not with the object of raising revenue— though it will aleo have thisadvanta ge—hut with a view to checking the capture of its native songsters. More- over anyone freshly acquiring a nightingale by purchase or other meahs,is to give notice of the fact to the Council within 24 hours, or in defaelt a penalty of 36 marks will be imposed. The tax will no doubt prove a hardship to many people who are unable, or unwilling to pie' such a sum, and it therefore seems likely that many birds will forthwith be given their freedem. A short time ago, a woman was seen near London, purchasing all the cage birds on a street hawkers' harrow, and letting them go as she paid for them. That of course is an expeesive process, which not everyone could afford, but most people would like to see some check put upon the cruelty critailed by taking and keeping uild birds in captivity. There seems ti be no doubt as to the plague cf mosquitoes of which so many people are complaining. They are especially numercus and virulent in London,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PEERLESS

POLISHING

ASTE.

THE BEST METAL POLISH.

BRIDLE & Co., SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
and fears are expressed that they will spread all ()yea the country, and become a permanent feature of our summer season. The Ind.an like summer, which we have had is w 11 calcu'a-ed to give them a firm footing, and there is nozhinz necessarily fatal in our climate to mosquitoes. They are always to be found in India, Egypt, and Other tropicAl arid smi.-tropical countries, but they are just as bad it not worse in the summer in Canada and Norway where they have winters 30 or 40 degrees below zero. Cold and trost will not destroy the egg or germ, though it will kill the mosquitoes, but if thJse are to reappear every summer, there seems no reason why they should not come along in myriads in a few years time. Some people are muzh more affected by m-isquitoe punctures than others. In 531310 cases they will quickly raise large swellings, and make people really ill. In others they cause nothing more than a slight and passing irritation, Several means, such as oil of cloves, tar, etc., are suggested as effectual in keeping these pests at bay, and it is said the mosquitos will not enter a room where the castor oil plant is growing. . .

" MADGE.'

AN OLD MAN KILLED AT THE CORPOR- ATION ELECTRICTAL WORKS.

Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Warrington Police Station on uesday morn- ing on the body of James Green, sixty-six years of age who died in the Infirmary on Saturday night from injuries received on Friday at the Corporation Electrical Works, now in course of erection. John Green said deceased was his father and re- sided at 2, Bostock-street. He was a boiler maker by trade and was 66 years of age last birihda y. Witness last saw him alive on Monday week and saw him dead in the Infirmary on Monday night. Richard Lawton, foreman joiner in the employ of Mr. Davenport, builder, Stockton Heath, said that he was working in connection with the Cor- poration alectric Station being erected at Howley for which Mr. Davenport had the contract. At 2-30 on Friday afternoon a boiler was being hoisted by means of two derrick cranes. Deceased, who had no right to be in the field wag watching. When the boiler had been hoisted for some distance,the guide rope broke and both poles fell on deceased, knocking him down. He was conveyed to the Infirmary on the police ambulance. Witness thought that the rope was a good one.—A juror : Was deceased warned that it was a dangerous place to stand P—Witness No.— The Coroner said that did not effect the question, if deceased had no right to be there. William Edward Jackson said he was pr,sent in the Infirmary when deceased died at 11.15 on Satur- day.night. He did not mention the accident.

I The "jury recalled the witness Lawton and he was I asked if he thought the rope was a good one. He I said that it was a fairly good one,and be did not see I any flaws in it. It was fit to hoist "teens "of cwts.

The witness Green, interrupting, said he had had several years experience with hoisting, and be did not consider the rope a safe one. Questioned by a jurymam, Lawton said the same ropes bad been used on two jobs, Fletcher Russell's works, and the present one. He was told that de- ceased had asked Mr. Davenport for employment, but had been refused. He had been on the pre- mises for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour,when the accident occurred.

Green said he did not think be could have been there above two minutes, as he was at home at two o'clock, and the accident had happaned at 2.30. He and his sister had since visited the place, but there were no notices about it being dangerous, and they were not warned.—The Coroner: lie had no right to be standing in such close proximity to the guide rope.—The witness Green said that they had no in- tention of taking action; they wanted to know the right, for the protaction of life. Any children who had been there might have been killed.—The Coroner: You might as well fence a pit and some- one walk into it and be drowned. The law does not recognise trespassers. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental Death,' and expressed the opinion that the rope was not sate. Lawton was instructed to inform Mr. Davenport of the jury's opinion, so that if another accident occurred, he would have been warned.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
OrARKE's-Vott-np-iiimEn-BLOOD SllxTutti" is a guaran- teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered. and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi - rnonials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (1)

===== 0002601_18990908_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FAA MIN ER, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER

(Copyright) THE

REVENGE OF VALERIE: A ROMANCE OF BRITISII COLUMBIA.

. BY Hl7llll E NISBET, Author of "A Sweet Sinner," "Bail Up," "The Rebel Chief," "Kings of the Sea," "Hunting for Gold," "The Swampers," leo.

CHAPTER XVII. THE ENTRAPMENT OF HOPE.

It was a mighty wrench to part from her baby, even for a few weeks. But when people have to work for their daily bread, such sacrifices have to be made constantly. Hope was satisfied that she could not have a better substitute for herself than Mrs. Harnbly. Baby Lewis John would have all the care that, even with her love, she could give him. Therefore, she crushed down the latent jealousy that exists in every mother, and made her preparations. These were easily made, and a small hand-bag held all that she would likely require during her absence. When she reached St. John's Villa, she found that she was expected, and at once taken into the sick chamber.

Mrs. Algernon Churchill Champion was a pretty woman of the soft, well-fed and creamy coin- plexioned order, one who evidently liked to be surrounded with every comfort. The whole house indeed was replete with luxury and conducted on an easy and extravagant system. In the kitchen more waste went on unchecked than might have run an establishment four times its size.

The tokens of wealth were everywhere apparent, also of reckless and careless profusion. Costly pictures lined the walls, statues and bric-a-brac were scattered about in every direction. To a lady of such extreme good taste as Hope was, this cram of costly articles did not inspire her with much respect for her employers. They were rich people, and had filled their abode with artistic and valuable objects; but they were too ostentatious in their display, and too careless about their acquisitions to be admired. Mr. Champion was a jovial young fellow, who bore already about him the traces of being a ban vivant. Each night when he returned from business he brought friends to dinner. What dinners they were, too, and breakfasts and lunches, as well as suppers! It seemed as if the dining-table was never empty. The whole house was redolent of meat, drink and money. Mrs. Champion was not nearly so prostrate as Hope had expected. For a patient suffering from influenza she had a marvellous appetite. One thing, however, should have pleased the nurse: she was not a very exacting patient, and soon treated Hope with the confidence and familiarity of an old friend. She had two children, a boy and a girl of two and four years of age. These, however, had been sent down to Brighton for a change. It appeared almost like a sinecure, this post of sick nurse to Hope. There was so little to do, and the payment was so good. She could not object, of course, so long as Mrs. Champion fancied she required a nurse. It was, however, more as a com- panion than in the other capacity that she was em- ployed after the first day or two. Hope felt a little hit ashamed and as if she was an impostor when all she had to do was to gossip or listen to the lady's small talk; read silly novels to her or discuss about her dresses and jewellery. On the subject of the jewellery Hope was at first a little uneasy. With the same carelessness these were left in open drawers and cases, and were so valuable that she felt constrained to remonstrate with Mrs. Champion for her want of thought. "You really ought to keep them under lock and key. It is positively putting temptation in the way of the servants."

"Oh, my servants are all trustworthy," replied Mrs. Champion with a light laugh. "They know at least when they are well treated, which comes to the same thing. They know also that, although my husband winks at small offences, he isn't the man to pass over the deliberate theft of my trinkets. I never have locked up anything." "And have you never been robbed ? " "Only once, and that was by a new footman. The articles were, howeves all traced and recovered, and the thief convicted. He is still undergoing his sentence. Our people know exactly how much we can stand, and never go over the line. And for housebreakers—well, neither locks nor bars will stop those gentry if they go in for business."

"But I would put what I don't require into the Bank where it would be safe, even from burglars," persisted Hope. "Well, you are a peculiar woman, Nurse East- lake," cried Edith Champion in astonishment. "Now, what would the use of jewellery be to any one if it was banked? I might just as well sell it right away. It is one of the joys of life to have them all about me, so that I may look at them and try them on as I feel disposed. The same with my dresses. They were bought to be worn, looked at and admired, not shut up in a banker's safe. I'd be just miserable without them in my dressing- room."

Hope did not speak any more about the subject. She gauged the depths of her employer's mind and exonerated her for her childishness. Those trashy stories written by girl authoresses who had no more experience of men or women than had children in the nursery, were her delight. Hope had to read these crude and nauseous imitations for hours at a time, until her head ached and her soul grew sick with the vapid, flabbily erotic and long extended rubbish.

She tried, on her own behalf, to interest this mindless yet, seemingly harmless, City speculator's wife, in the works of those few authors who are still trying to keep up the art of romance—those limited number of men and women who reverence their art, and strive truly to depict life. _

Mrs. Champion goo-d-natuiedly sent for the books which Hope recommended, but while Hope was interested in the reading, her poor, romance- debauched patient got the headache, which Hope had suffered from over the trash. Mrs. Champion preferred her champagne sugary and her sherry full flavoured; she could not rise above the nursery young lady authors. Yet she appeared good-tempered and considerate of others, if self-indulgent, and trivial. Hope had not been many days beside her patient before she grew really to like the little gourmandiser. Mr. Stephen Belwood came one evening to dinner with Mr. Champion, and both came up for a few moments to the sick chamber. They chatted pleasantly about City matters. Things were boom- ing, they said, and although Hope didn't under- stand what "booming" exactly meant, still, from their cheerful faces, she thought it must be some- thing good. For five days she was comparatively happy in this abode of luxury. Then the catastrophe fel with the suddenness of an avalanche on an Alpine One afternoon, as she was reading that highly moral, instructive and intellectual romance, "The Sorrows of Satan," to her absorbed patient, the maid brought in a card and gave it to her mistress. "Show the man in, Jane. Don't you think Marie Corelli is a great genius ? " "No," replied Hope. "I think from what I have already read in this book, that she must be very spiteful and conceited, though." Next moment a man entered, with his hat in his hand. He was a quiet man, with a clean-shaven, sharp face, and while he bowed, his quick eyes observed everything in the room. "Well, have you discovered anything, Mr. Peters ? " asked Mrs. Champion curtly. "Yes, marm. The jewels were pawned, and have been traced all right. I only require to find the tickets, and I guess they are not far away." "My dear, said Mrs. Champion, turning to Hope, "don't be disturbed. When you spoke to me about robbers the other day, I had already lost some valuable jewellery, and had sent instructions to Scotland-yard." "Indeed," answered Hope faintly. A deadly presentiment was upon her that some fresh troubles were coming. "You will not mind, I am sure, but this officer must do his duty and search all the boxes and people in the house. Isn't that so, Mr. Peters? " "Exactly, mum." "Dreadfully unpleasant, isn't it, nurse? How- ever, it will soon be over. Just touch the bell and have the servants up here. We must leave that naughty Prince Lucio till after we know who the present sinner is, then we can go on with his adventures."

—Hope went over and touched the electric bell. Then she resumed her seat and laid the Sorrows of his Satanic Majesty down, star upwards, on the table. - -

In a few moments, the bedroom was crowded with sullen domestics. The butler, the footman.

page, groom, coacnman, nousemaias, cnamnermalcis Mad bloated cook. tp They delivered the keys of their boxes over willingly, and thee Mr. Peters, with a couple of assistants, went the round of the house. One blue-coated, metal-buttoned gentleman, specially dear to the cook and scullery, guarding the door. Half an hour passed, while Mrs. Champion, always considerate, asked the butler to hand round her own private decanter of brandy to the company. Even the policeman wasn't forgotten. Hope Eastlake waited, with her heart like lead and her eyes filmy with suspense. The others seemed to take this search easy enough, but to her it was an intolerable agony. She had only been once outside since she entered that house. Once for a hasty run over to Clapham to see Mrs. Hambly and her child. Had the robbery taken place while she was away? Would she be in any way implicated? God! the thought was maddening.

She acceptea a half-glass of brandy and gulped it down with parched lips. Would she never be free from ignoble scenes? She thought the servants regarded her with suspicious glances, as the only stranger amongst them Mrs. Champion, however, was sitting opposite, looking at her with a friendly

At last Mr. Peters appeared with his two assist- ants. He drew near to Mrs. Champion while his subordinates stood beide the policeman. "I have found the tickets, mum, all right." "Where ? "

"In thi3 young woman's hand-bag," answered the detective, pointing to Hope. A wild shriek burst from the lips of the wretched woman as she tried to rise. Then merciful oblivion came to her.

When next she came to her, senses she was in prison on a charge of theft. What had gone wrong with her? Some nerve or vein had apparently burst in her brain, and left her dazed and benumbed.

Were demons in charge of her fate, who were driving her to the lowest depths? She began, for the first time in her life, to believe that she was God abandoned.

The gaol authorities were kind enough to her. They had sent their doctsr to look after her. When he saw that his restoratives were effective and that she was sensible, he left her to the prison discipline. A narrow cell with a small pallet bed, two blankets, and the light at one side of the door. She lay down and dozed through the night, not yet being able to realise her awful position. In the morning a female warder came to her door, and ordered her, in harsh tones, to rise, make her bed and tidy her cell. Then she was marched out to a small yard and kept there until it was time for breakfast. Her breakfast was a mug of weak tea and a slice of dry bread. After breakfast she was sitting on her plank couch, not brooding, only still stunned and benumbed, when the door opened and a gentleman came in. He was the solicitor who had been employed in her defence. "Who sent you here ? " she asked weariedly. "Mr. Stephen Belwood, your friend." "Does he still believe in me ? "

"Yes, he thinks there has been some mistake. Inform me of all your movements since you entered the abode of Mrs. Champion." She went over her movements mechanically. She had no longer any hope that either lawyer or archangel could lift the cloud of shame which was over her.

Hope Eastlake had lost the significance of her christian name. She might now have been called Despair Eastlake. One thing only she implored her solicitor, and that was, that she should not be known as Lady Eastlake.

"Let me go down to oblivion as Nurse Eastlake." "The case is very bad against you, but I would not plead guilty for all that,' observed the lawyer as he left her.

"I shall not plead guilty, you may be sure, since I am innocent," she cried, drawing herself

-"Yet the sentence may be lighter if you do," remarked her lawyer gently. "What does it matter whether it is a month or a year or two less, if I am found guilty ? " she said, with a shrug of shoulders and a soulless laugh. She was arraigned and found guilty. The case was almost too clear against her. It looked like a stn'seene, too complete in its details to be quite natural.

et the judge, the jury, and the advocates were satisfied with the stage effects. The past of Nurse Eastlake had been traced up by those sleuth- hounds, the detectives. She was proved to have lived for nine months in a questionable house. The pawnbroker's assistant identified her as the person who had pledged the stolen jewellery. The pawn- tickets were discovered in her hand-bag. While this persecuted woman listened to the evidence she could hardly believe but that, in some moment of mental lapse, she had not done the acts ascribed to her.

She listened to her sentence with a strange and absent smile. It looked to the judge callous and hardened, the defiant smile of a habitual criminal. He wished he had known more of her antecedents, he would have been more severe. "Six months hard labour!"

"Thanks, my Lord," she said quietly, and then she was led away down the stairs from the dock.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVIII

THE SACRIFICE.

"If my husband wishes to divorce me I shad not appeal, but I cannot tell this lie, I must defend myself when I am innocent." "Very well, Lady Eastlake, since that is your decision • your husband shall divorce you certainly, and repudiate your child, and so shall I, then it may go to the workhouse. Good-bye, I shall not attempt to argue the matter further with you." "Stay for a moment, madam—your Grace, an let me think what is best to do. What is my duty? 0 God, do not forsake me altogether in this hour of my uncertainty." The harrowing interview between the despairing Hope Eastlake and her implacable foe, the Duchess Valerie, had an appropriate setting. A cell in the country gaol, to which the hapless prisoner had been removed after her conviction. Last time the rivals had faced each other had been in her Grace's dressing-room at Falaise. Then the Duchess had good cause to congratulate herself on her superior attractions, even although unknowing that the other had won the game. Now she was triumphant, and the contrast was more striking than ever; sorrow, anxiety, shame, and hopeless despair had robbed that delicate face of its fairness. The prison barber had shorn her golden tresses, and the prison dressmaker disguised her form of all its grace completely. The most queenly woman on earth would be hideous with a felon's costume on. It is in this way that the Government contrives to punish female criminals, by wounding them on the one point on which all women are sensitive and weak—their clothing. A woman can take extra work, or less rations much more philosophically than a man can, but the gorge of the most hardened criminal rises against the garb she is compelled to wear during her incarceration. They become morbid, brooding upon the figure they cut before the eyes of the warders. They get hysterical and tear up their clothes. They become murderous and more hardened and demoniac than they were before in their outraged vanity, self-disgust, and loathing of this corrupting dress. In fact, all that the silent system does to injure the mental and moral nature of the male convicts this diabolical punishment does to the women.

The parsons, priests, and missionaries find themselves sadly handicapped by this hideous fashion. No woman can possibly listen to religious instruction of any kind while her mind is filled with that nightmare. She never forgets it for an instant, awake or asleep. It is the horror and the hatred of her prison days, and it fills her with a bitter hatred and deadly sense of degradation that slay all hopes of her redemption. Before the female convict gets callous on this point she must have lost for ever all sense of order, shame and womanhood. She has become a mindless and loathsome beast. Therefore, I contend, that to inflict this outrage on feminine humanity is as barbarous as branding them on the cheek, or slicing off their ears and noses.

This poor and innocent prisoner, however, had no thought of such small vanities as her shorn hair or shapeless gown at present. Neither did she care how she looked to this beautiful and pitiless enemy who now watched her with such scornful eyes. It is written that the Roman child saint, Agnes, blushed with modest shame, even under the torture, u-lien her executioners tore her robe from her shouders. If so, then her torture was less engrossing than that which Hope Eastlake was now enduring. She sat on her hard pallet, with her thin fingers claspine and unclasping each other her face erev

===== 0002601_18990908_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
;, 1899

with pain, and nor upturnea eyes nieoclshot and burning with sleeplesqness. The muscles of her face twitched in her convulsive spasms, while gonad her forehead seemed pressing a red-hot iron band. It was hard to think, or pray, with that seething and surging in her brains, and that deadly despair petrifying her heart. One idea only seemed to stand out clear—her child. One duty alone called for her considera- tion, what would be best for her baby? He must not be made to share her shame and her misery. Her husband had now faded completely from her mental vision. The Duchess had wiped away her last hope and faith in him. If he had ever loved her she was convinced now that he regretted that weakness. She had lost her husband and her reputation. She had lost her child, for she must now give him up. Now she was asked to complete the sacrifice and declare herself unworthy to hcaa him ever again to her heart. $ll "Oh, my baby—my precious darling! What shall I do, what shall I do ? " she moaned, casting up her eyes to the darkened ceiling and trying to reason the sacrifice from all its sides.

And the Duchess Valereie, the woman who had conquered through that resistless weapon gold, stood over against her, waiting and watching her with curling lips and half-closed insolent eyes. There was no longer any doubt as to the result of that inward debate between truth and a mother's love. Valerie had hemmed her in until now there could be no escape for this unwary victim. She had poured out her money like waste water to accomplish her fell purpose. She had gone to work with the craft and patience of a true Oriental. It was only a poor weak and unsuspecting girl whom she had employed her mighty forces against, so that she took no credit in winning at last. She stood now leaning upon her costly umbrella, with her heavy fur wrappers gathered about her, and on her head the daintiest of winter hats. A subtle and delicious perfume stole from her and filled the dismal cell with its penetrating fragrance. Outside in the lobby the warders were sniffing it up with dreamy delight as it crept through the grating. Glowing with colour, and fresh in her superb young beauty as a dewy rose; with everything that wealth, fashion, art and exquisite taste could pro- duce to adorn a face and form which Nature haA already made perfect; the contrast between Duchess and her degraded victim was too marked —too wantonly and unutterably cruel. Her ostensible purpose of coming here was a charitable one, to adopt the child of the prisoner, and thus relieve the parish of all future trouble. She therefore found no difficulty about procuring admission.

The prisoner was glad also, at first, to see her grace. it seemed kind on her part to come so soon to visit her.

But Valerie, as far as Hope was concerned, felt there was no longer any need to feign a part. In a very few moments, and with incisive, cutting sentences, she declared her projects. "If you have not been criminal, you have been a blind fool. That, in your case, means the same thing." "I am innocent," replied Hope gently. "So every convict says. You may or may not be. lam not here to discuss that. lam here to try if possible to help those whom you have disgraced— your .husband and child." "His child also," put in Hope. The Duchess shrugged her shoulders contemp- tuously, and then continued: "Have you heard from Sir Lewis since he left England ? " "One letter only—a short note written with pencil," answered Hope drearily. "Ah t I have had those letters from him. There they are. You had better read them and then dis- cuss what to do."

She tossed the letters over to Hope, who saw with bitterness that they were of later date to the one she had received, and written on good paper, with ink.

They were short and commonplace, for Sir Lewis was, as we have said, neither a fluent nor a voluminous correspondent. There was nothing in them that the most jealously-disposed spouse could find fault with.

But the damning point about them lay, in her eyes, that they had been written after the one scrap which was sent to her; and that, while he could write three times to his friend, he had not written again to his wife. As she recalled those long months of loneliness and suspense, she felt that she could not condone that wanton heartlessness. This froze her heart.

She read also how he had been disappointed in the gold claims, and that there seemed little likeli- hood of his getting back the money he had lost. These tidings partly prepared her for what the Duchess said next.

"I suppose you can understand now how criminally you acted when you inveigled Sir Lewis into this fatal entanglement." _

Hope hung her hed at these biting words; she felt like a criminal for having yielded to her lover's entreaties.

"You—even you must see also that he cannot have cared much for you, since he has not writter to you." Hope now felt that, without those harsh accents which made her wince, as one does when struck across the raw. Yet they did her some good also, for they cleared her dazed brain a little. She was now listening for the rest to be said with a pre- monition of what it was to be.

"He is a beggar now, and would be a poor outcast all his life, while he was bound to you. It is fortunate, therefore, both for my friend and your child-" "His child also, madam," again returned Hope, looking up, to see once more that contemptuous shrug from her visitor. "It is fortunate, therefore, that your own folly will enable him to free himself from you, and marry a lady who can reinstate him in his former lost position." "You are the lady, I suppose, who is willing to do this after Ms divorce 1" asked the miserable woman, with a swift glance at her visitor, and a subdued bitterness.

The young Duchess drew herself la? and threw back her head haughtily. Then she said coldly: "Yes. 1 will marry Sir Lewis Eastlake, and do my utmost to wipe off the disgrace which his first wife placed upon his name." She intended to be very dignified, but her hatred and passion got the upper hand of her. With sparkling eyes and clenched teeth she hissed :avagely. "Wretched woman, did you know that I low-- him and expected him to propose to me wher came to Falaise ? "

"I thought you loved him then, and for his sake felt sorry that it was too late," answered Hope simply. "Then you do not wish to ruin_him ? " _ _

"No, Madam, I shall not stand in your way." "You will confess that you are guilty as a wife?"

"No, I cannot do that, for it would be false."

"He can get the divorce without your confession, for. your paramour-". _

"b mai-slam, spare me!" moaned Hope, dropping on her knees. The Duchess smiled on her then like a she-devil.

"Walter Gordon, your—friend, has already made a confession."

"Then he is a perjured villain!" cried the tor- tured woman passionately, as she sprang to her feet.

"That may be," sneered Valerie; only it will be as difficult to prove as your innocence of the theft for which you are here now. Listen to my advice, my good woman, and take it or leave it. I don't care how you decide, only your child's future depends upon your decision." Hope sank back on her pallet and muttered: "Say on, I am listening." "If you write out this confession of your guilt, I shall adopt your son, and bring him up to fil7 his position, as tne son and heir of Sir Lew;- Eastlake. No expense shall be spared .or education. If you do not write this confes-sioff, I shall not do anything for him at all. Sir Lewis will repudiqte him, and—he must go to the workhouse meanwhile."

"Why do you wish this from me ? " asked Hope piteously. "Because, if you do so, it will save a great deal of sordid detail in the Divorce Court. No man need be mentioned as your co-respondent, and only a few lines in these dreadful prying papers, which will quickly be forgotten. It will be better to leave the public to think you went wrong with some scion of the upper classes. It is too utterly disgusting to reveal to the world that Lady Eastlake was the w.:mpanion of a Walter Gordon." "Oh! how can I write a lie, even for the sake of my child ? " wailed Hope, wringing her hands frantically. "It is for your own sake, and your husband'a sake, as well as for your infant I ask you to di this. Think of being associated with the book. keeper of a money-lender. Think cf a Walter Gordon "

"What does it matter who it is, if I confess myself guilty when I am innocent? "groaned Hope, rilasoing her head.

-Declue quicsiy, tor my time is up," whispered Valerie. "Your baby as the legitimate heir to mine and your husband's possessions and title, or s beggar and a workhpuse brat." "Enough!" answered Hope faintly, complet4 worn out.. "Give me paper and pen. I shall writ* the lie for the sake of my child!" • Duchess Valerie had everything in her reticule, for she knew she was safe to win. She got them out promptly, and placed them before her victim. "Dictate what you require of me," said Hope passively. She had agreed to the sacrifice of the most precious thing woman retains—her honour. What did the words matter?

Valerie saw at a glance how stunned her victim was. She did not want more than a few words, so she said:

"Write: Dear husband, forgive me and forget me. I have been a false wife to you, and I have gone to where my inclinations lead me. I shall never trouble you more.—Your erring wife, Host WALDBED.

Hope wrote the words mechanically. She was about to sign her name when the Duchess stopped her. "Wait a moment. We had better hare the warder in as a witness."

The sacrifice was completed. In her sealskin reticule Duchess Valerie carried the broken reputa- tion of her rival, and Hope Eastlake, or Waldred, lay an inert mass on her prison pallet. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18990908_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARM AT WOOLWICH.

CHILD FOUND DE AD IN BED.

WOOLWICH ARSENAL, with its sixteen thousand tkilful workers, has none more intelligent or respected than Mr. Flood, work-taker in the Royal Carriage Depart- ment, at whose home the Kentish Independent reports an interesting conversation.

Mrs. Flood, -a thrifty and industrious housewife, tends her family at 54, Richmond-place, Plumstead. She has a rosy-cheeked son, Herbert W. Flood, who five years ago sustained a severe fright by the discovery of his little sister dead in bed, and the result was a persistent attack of St. Vitus' dance, with weskneas of the legs. Be attended a hospi*al, and seemed to grow out of the complaint until, early in toe summer of last year, he bad a terrible relapse. A cLctor kindly attended him for seven weeks,aNd then sent him into Guy's Hospital. But the lad continued to get worse, and after he had been in the hospital two months he was discharged as incurable. His mother carricd him to London Bridge Station, and when he reached home in a cab the driver had to lift him in- doors.

Mr. Flood's mother saw the lad brought home, and said, "I should give him Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people." The advice was taken on the spot, the pills teing according to the directions for the boy's age. "Frem that moment," said Mrs. Flood, "his strength in- creased, the disease vanished, his spirits rose, and his health improved. You would hardly believe that six months ago he could scarcely move hand or foot, could not dress or feed himself, and was (we thought) on the verge of death. The neighbours all know and are aston- ished at the marvellous recovery."

A shock to the nerves often leaves St. Vitus' dance or some other nervous disorder. Epilepsy, fits, paralysis, neuralgia. early decay of tbe faculties and functions are nervous disorders. The great tonic effect of Dr. Ml- llama' Pink Pills on the nerves is shown by the many eases where they have cured the severest form of ner- vous di' ease. It is easy to see that milder manifesta- tions will be even more readily and certainly cured. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which are not a purgative, by di- rectly strengthening the nerves cure all that. If a sub- stitute is offered (the genuine pills always bear the full name (Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People) it is better to send direct to Dr. Williams' Medicine Com- pany, Holborn Viaduct, London, enclosing the price (two and ninepence a box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes). Substitutes never cureA anyone, and are only offered to people who are thought" gullible."

===== 0002601_18990908_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WA TER POLO.

ST. HELENS v. EVERTON. THE STRUGGLE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP. EVERTON VICTORIOUS.

Never before bas the fight for the championship of the Liverpool and District ',Prague been so keenly contested as it has been daring the present season, when up to the present three clubs—namely, St. Helens (holders), Evertor', and White Star are all in the running for the premier honour. Accordingly exceptional interest was taken in the return match, which was also the last League match on the St. Helens card, between St. Helens and Everton, at the S. Helens Baths, last night, the fight being witnessed by a large crowd of enthusiastic spectators: During the present season Everton had defeated the Saints in the initial League match, but had been thrown out of the Non- them n Counties' Championship by St. Helens, whilst in the Lancashire County semi-final a drawn game bad ensued, which had yet to be decided it St.Helens. Prior to the most important encounter the appetite of the spectators had been wetted by a Combination match between the reserves of the above teams,with the result that St. Helens won by 6to 1. At a quarter-past nine the following players entered the water under tbe con- trol of Mr. J. Derbyshire. of Manchester :- St. Helens J Aspinwall, goal; J Bretton and T Green. baclis ; P Ripley (captain), half back; J Lawrenson, J Marity, and W Preston, forwards. Everton : C Morris, goal ' • F J Treanor and J S Gomersail, backs ; A L Jones, half back ; C Fsrmby, J Formby, and A E Newcombe, forwards. Timekeeper Mr Melling, Wigan ; goal scorers, T Saunders. Wigan, and G Radcliffe, Wigan. St. Helens lost the toss, and defended the deep goal first. A capital race for the ball was seen, Mavity get- ting possession before J Formby, and Ripley receiving, shot wide. C Formby next bad a try at the other end, but Aspinwall was on the alert, and saved. Ripley and Mavity took the ball to Morris's end, but Gcmersall and Treancr successfully relieved the pressure. Jones next tested the St. Helen's custodian, and then Ripley swim- ming strongly to the Everton end, made a slip, which lost a certain goal. Immediately afterwards Mavity got possession, and showed the audience a capital piece of play, by swimming well up to the Everton goal, and scoring a really magnificent goal. The crowd displayed their jubilation by cheering wildly Thus reversed the Evertonians came down upon Amine wall in great style, but the Saints' custodian, witb the aid of Green, successfully repulsed the attack. The ball was transferred to the other end, where Preston had hard lines. Scrambling play followed, and the &luta conceded a corner. Formby took this, and parsed tn Jones, who struck the croesbar,the ball falling down,and Aspinwall threw away. Everton claimed a goal. and Mr. Derbyshire allowed the point, although the goal scorer did not signal. The scores were thus equal. Upon the resumption. C Formby, receiving, put the ball just out of the reach of Aspinwall into the net, scoring the second goal for Everton. Preston next got away, but was robbed by Gomersall. Just before the interval the Saints pressed strongly and Lawrenson was given a chance to equalise, but Gomenall deliberately fouled him inside the three yards' mark. Mr. Derbyshire awarded the penalty throw, and ordered the offender out of the water, with the result that Lawrensen easily scored, although Morris attempted to save Everton nothing daunted again swam down, and C Formby rc- peated his previous performance of putting the ball out of Aspinwall's reach. Half-time: Everton 3 goals, St. Helens 2 goals. . _ .

On the Change of ends the game was closely contes- ted, Everton offering a stout defence to the attacks of the home team, who lacked the services of W. Walker laid aside through injuries Ripley was also evidently suffering from the effects of his match of Saturday, for he did not show his usual dash during this half. Gomersall and Jones endeavoured to increase their lead. while Ripley, Bretton, and Lawrensen also mode attempts to equalise, but the defence of both tearre was superiAr to the attack, and nothing furtfler was scored. St. Helens being thrown out of the running for the championship. Final result :—Everton, three goals St. Helens, 2 goals.

NATIONAL INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWg:

On Monday the fortnightly meeting of the Local Friendship Lodge, 1087, of the Warrington District was held at the Green Dragon Inn, Bridge-st,, when there was a fair attendance. In the absence of N.G. Joseph Johnson. P.G. Walter Daniels took the chair, Bro Thomas Clare in the vice-chair, supported by the followiog efficers:—D G.lll.John Brown (Earles- town), DS. Thomas Dickenson, P.P.G.M. James Bramhall and P.G. Charnley, Johnson, Higham, and Barge-s (secretary). After the initiation of a new n'ember the Chairman called upon Bro Bramhall to present an emblem of merit to Bro Joseph Highan.i, for valuable services rendered to the lodge. He did so in a few well-chosen words, Bro Higham brietlY responed, after which the lodge was closed in the usual form.

[WHITE'. White to move and win.

SOLVERS LEST. Previous Pro'alem Total

score. No 47. Ps. S Tavlin,Warrington .-.- ....... - 70 2 72 J Lee, Warrington . 62 2 61 W Rigby, Warrington 5B 2 60 W Hewitt, Warrington E Donaghy. Padgate ....... -....- 52 2 51 H P0we11,Warringt0n.............- 50 2 52 T P Forbes. Warrington E Ogden, Warrington....---- 44 2 46 T Kickers, Warrington 4O 2 42 G Rowe, Warrington W Massey,Warrington ..... ..- 36 0 ..4 38 W Darlington, Penketh 36 2 38 J J Foden, Warrington.-- J Green, Warrington 32 2 34 J Evans,Warrington . A Rutter, Warrington 3O 2 32 A Banner, Warrington "E J P" Warringt0n............... 24 2 26 S Albinson, Stockton Heath__ 24 _ 24 " C P." Warrington lB 2 20 W E Sean, Warringt m..........- 16 16 G Lowe, Warrington F Wright,Warrington . J R Grieve, Warrington 2 2 R Mercer. Padgate J Ross, Penketh 9 ... .4 2

NoTrcz.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this competition can, if they desire, have any lx,ok on the game of Draughts equal to the value of 55, inmtead of cash prize, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we may state tint we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winner's score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next month's competition. The win- ner may re-enter the clmpetition if he chooQes, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as fdlows : Two for the correct solu- tion of a problem, two for showing a dual solution, two for correcting the author's terms, and one for each minor correction.

Intenling competitors may commence at any time.

We have to announce that the winner of our competition for August is Mr. S. Tavlin 24, Warbur• ton-street, Warrineton, who has elected to have a book on the game for his prize.

GAME. " CROSQ,"

Played between W. Whittakar and W. Tomkinson on Thursday, the 31st ult. being one of the four games played in their match. Black, W. Tomkin- eon, White, W. Whittaker. Notes by W. Tomkinson. 11-15 8-12 15-24 6-13 23-19 23-18 32-27 2R-19 23-19 4- 8 8-11 9-14 7-U 24-27 19-15 24-20 18- 9 07-23 51-24 B Wins 4-8 5-14 11-15 20 - 27 27-23 22-18 20 - 16 19-16 al5-19 1 - 5 15-24 27-31 23-16 18- 9 16-11 16-12 12-19 5-14 12-18 31-27 (b)26-23 25-22 22-18 11 - 8 19-26 11-15 16-20 27-23 30-23 23-19 18- 9 8 4 (a) This i ti strong I.ne for Black to adopt on this opening. (b) Weak; it is doubtful if thPre is a draw to be found alter this move, 18-15, 11-18, 22-15, is the proper continuation. (c) Bid; 28-24 would have been better, but even that appears to be a forlorn hope.

NEWS OF THE GAME.

On 'Thursday. the 31st ult, a match for a smnll stake took place between W. Whittaki.,r and W. Tomkinson, both of Warrington, Mr. Tomkinson

iconceding a start of 2 wins in a nntch of 4 wins up. The encounter proved to be rather a one-sided affair however, as Mr. Tomkinson wou the first four games played, thus winning the mstch. WARRINGTON DRA.UGIRS LEAGUE. PRESENTATION OF TEE TROPHY.

On Hendey last the members of the various clubs connected with the League assembled in the Cairo. street schoolroom, to witness the preseutation of the League Trophy and medals to the champions, Cairo-street, D.C., Hr. R. A. Neylor, the president of the League, preside 1. An excellent programme had been arranged, several popular local artistes have generously given their services for the occa- sion. In the course of a highly instructive and interesting address, the president remarked, that although he wasn't much of a player himself, he fully recognised and appreciated the merits of the game. He thought the draughts- playere of Warrington ought to be very grateful to Mr. Chalmers, tho generous donor of the trophy,for providing them with a trophy well worth playing for. He regretted that he was unable to stay until the close of the meeting, as he had another meeting to attend, but apropos of his god will, he gave them Jne and all a hearty invitation to come up to Cuerdon Hall. Thelwall, any Thursday afternoon during the next three weeks, when he would be very pleased to entertain them. (We understand that this invitation has been accepted, and that next Thursday. will in all probability, be the date fixed). He then handed the trophy to the Rev W H Drummond, vice-president of the Cairo-street Draughts Club, and presented the medals to each member of the team. The names of those compris- ieg the team are : Mr S Tavlin, qr D Plinston, Mr J Green, Mr J R Grieves. Mr F Wright, Mr A Hall, Mr W Hewitt, and Mr W Tomkinsen. Mr Drum- mond, in accepting the trophy, expressed the wish that although this was the first time that the Cairo-street club had won the trophy, he sincerely hoped it would not be the last. —Mr F Dunne, the president of the English Draughts Associa- tion, was then called upon for a short address. Mr. Dunne, in opening his remarks, expressed a regret that Mr Chalmers was unable to be present through illness. lie thought the Cairo-street Club were to be congratu- lated upon their victory, as they had won it fairly and honourably, and deserved every credit for their achievement. He thought the trophy which Hr. Chalmers had presented to the town, served to promote an antagonism among draught players, which was not an unfriendly antagonism, but a purpose of action which tended to strengthen the friendly feeling which always did exist among draughts clubs. He then read the following letter which he had received from Mr. Chalmers :—Dear Mr. Dunne, I regret that I am unable to be present at your meeting 1;1-night: but you have my very beet wishes for the success of the Warrington Draughts Lesgue, and should the trophy. which I have had great pleasure in present- ing to the League, help to promote a healthy com- petition amongst the various draughts clubs, my object will be achieved. I hope to see the good old town come to the point in Draughts as well as in all other sports and pastimes, with compliments, sincerely yours. W. CEIALMERS.—After refresh- ments had been served round, and a few more musical items had been rendered, the meeting was brought to a most satisfactory conclusion.

- The small diazram will enable our reulers to understand the notation by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black cc'uples the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus (11-15) indicate that a move is made from and to the squares BO numbered. Black has the opening move and the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

LIVELY SCENE IN BRIDUE-STREET WARRINGTON.

AMERICAN INDIANS IN TROUBLE.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), and other magistratee, Bill Yellowhawk and Mack Yellowhawk, powerfully built American Indians, were charged with being drunk and nisorderly in Bridge-street at 6-15 on Saturday even- ing. Mack was charged with assaulting P.C. Monks at tt,e came time. They ph tiled guilty. The Chief Constable said that prisoners were American Indians and came to Warrington with the company playing " On the Frontier," last week. On Situriay they obtained some money from somewhere, to go and b 5 photographed. They did not use it for that purpose, howev,r, but 'naught some drink, but the firewater of the paha faces did not agree with them very well. Shortly after 6 o'clock they were going down Butter- marke•-itreet. knocking people off the footpath without any provocation. P.C.'s Chrlmes and Monks renioa- strated with them, and managed to get them into Bridge- street. There they renewed their conduct, and pustied a man off h's bicycle. Tne officers °trained the assist- ance of two other constables' and arrested the men in order to put a stop to the disturbance. The Indians became very violent, and one of them struck out right and left, and assaulted P.C. Monks by kicking him and striking him with his fist. They were very pnwerf al men, an I for 801/11 time resisted all efforts to lock them up. A man nanyxl - Joseph William Allen rendered assistance and they were taken to the Police Station, one of them having to be carried. He must say that the men had had to put up with a great deal of teasing during the week, and they were of an excitable nature. The manager of the company said he could do anything he liked with them, as they were very docile and quiet. The Chairman: Perhaps they have not a knowledge of our law. .

The Chief Constable raid that they ought to know that they should not assault a policeman. P.C. Chrimes said that at 6.10 on Saturday evening he was on duty in Buttercnarket-street in company with P.C. bUnks and saw prisoners who were drunk, ostling people. j'hey requested them to g.) away, but they refused, laughing and sneering at them. Constab'es Dennett and Howard came on the scene and they get the nysi into Bridge-street. They were very disorderly at Market Gate and in Bridge-s., knocked a man off his bicycle and struck him in the left ear. When arre,ted they threw themselves on the ground, and the officers had great difficulty in taking them to the lock-up. One of the men scratched his face by throwing himself down. A man named Allen ren- dered assistance. but one of the prisoners had to be car- ried to the Police Station. P.C. Monks said that when the prisoners were ar- r,sted they became very violent, and one of the men kicked him • It took lour policemen to take them to the Police Station.

Joseph William Allen, George Evans, and Thomas Thompson gave corroborative evidence. The Manager of the company was called, and stated that prisoners had been in England nearly seven year& and had visited Warrington seven times. Nothing had ever occurred before in any town. They were annoyed by children and others throwing stones at them. He had had to ask the police to pro'ect them at other places. The Chief Constable said there was no allegation of any annoyance on Saturday night. The men were in a state of drunk nnes,but were probably irritate I los' the treatment they had rcceiveci during the week. The Nlanazfr, continuing. said that sonvtimes the mm would go t have a drink, ad people would knock t ieir hats off to look at their hair. One woman got a pair of FC'S.' rs and wanted to cut some off. The Chief CJusta.ble said that the previous night he had to interfere, to protect A poor old black man from the annoyanc- of children. Mr. Bircha,ll : it Is shameful. _

. . A. fine of 5s tad costs w. 4 imp,s-41 isn Bill Yellow - hawk, and Msck was fined 54 and costs for drunkenness and 54 for 4,s tul ttbi poice. 'Ma Cnsirman said they would find thst it v7a4 serious matter to assault the police. He asked them to take his advice and let the drink alone. ft thqy assaut .d the o Aice they ran in great dancer of being s-eit to a‘ol without the option of a fine; as they would find it was a very serious offence in England.

• 4 /.! 5 • • aka 45", 8 113 111 ,?1:1 1050 • .',C1111:1"//f/E1 ta 3e

===== 0002601_18990908_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A 8008 FOR LADIES

The knowledge contained in this book is of PRICE- LESS VALUE TO EVERY MARRIED LADY. and b" been the means of brightening the lives of thousands. It contains ft large amount of valuable information. AU will prcfit by reading it, as the knowledge gained is priceless, and cannot but do good. Emit in sealed enve lepe for two stamps.

MRS. M. FABLEIGH, (Box 630 160, HA.CIVNI6IC ROAD, LONDON, NI?.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
rflE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.

streams, and they were most remiss ire their duties to the neighbourial, authorities and tooselower d )wra the streams. Although toey were ass Ired that the smells were perfectly innocuous they were very disagreeable, a.od their contiou thee bad 4 very hal effect on the life of the individual. and might reduc the general condi- tion of health to such a deer se that a, person might be much more liable to take disea;e than he otherwise would be. The Rivers P Alution Committee was perFectly well aware of the state of affairs, and those who had read the discussion most know that from the Chairman down- wards, ‘eith the exception of one or tw3 men who repre- sented Manchester and S afford, every m imber of the ! Committee had done his levet best t deal with the I nuisance which existed. He had a great deal ot symoa- thy with the Manchester Ship Canal Company, for they knew that the men who nav!gated the waterway and had to stop in the docks were sick of the job entirely,and were almost afrai I to go there on account of the aoomi- noble smells. All that the Corporation were able to do in the matter was to miks a representation to the Rivers Pollution Committee, T43.t was the full extent to which they conid go. Alderman SUTTON said he could fully sympathise with those who nomplained of the smells, but as Alderman Roberts had said, the matter was not ia the hands of the Health Committee and they were perfectly helpless h 3 the matter. Re did not see, what they could do in the matter except complaia to the Rivers PAlution Com- mittee. The MAYOR. : I think if a strong expression of opin- ion went trom this Council some good might be done. (Heir, hear.) It was de.cidel that a communication should be sent to the Rivers Pollution Committee. The minutes of a number of Committee's, particulars of which were published in the " Ezarniner " last week were passed without comment. PAVING AND SEWERAGE comm[rrEE. The MAYOR proposed and Councillor Heaton seconded the passing of the minutes of the above Committee. The Mayor expressed a wish that the Electric Lighting Committee would help them on with laying the pipes which might be necessary, so that they could go on with the wool-paving of Sankey-street. S 3 far as the flush- ing of the sewers was concernel they were paying special attention to that at present. Councillor MONKS took the remarks of the Mayor as an instruction to the Electric Lighting Committee to pro- ceel with the work at once. The MAIMS : We wish to get the wood-paving carried out.

The minutes were passei. SCHOOL AC fEND.ANCE visit' TO THE CLIO. Councillor Suaw GREEN proposed the ad ept.on of the minutes of the School AttenJance Committee. They would notice a resolution on the agenda about the com- mittee having been exercised lately with regard to the number of young children selling pipers in toe streets. A great number of them ought to be at school, but the greatest difficulty was experienced in getting at them. The committee -d sired to utilise the services of the police to put a Sto3 to it, but the Chief Constable ex- plained his difficulties, and the only thing to be done was to have a hoase to house visitation, and this would shortly be arranged for. Councillor SHILLCOCK seconded the motion, and men- tioned that the commttee paid their annnal visit to the Clio on the 20:h August, and had the same satisfactory report to present as in years past. Elle health of the boys was all that could be desired, and he added, that the silver medal given to the best behaved boy on the ship had been wen twice by Warrington boys ire the last three years. He tendered the thanks of the com- mittee to toe Mayor for his Atteidance on the occasion and, for the kindly ani instructive address he delivered to the boys. The minutes were adopted. THE LICENSED VICTUALLER? SHIELD. The minutea of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Com- mittee were passed on the motion of Alderman BOLT els, seconded by Councillor CANNELL. He mentioned that the committee had given permission for the Licensed Victuallers Challenge Shield to be hung in the corridor of the baths, the committee being freed of all responsi- bility in the matter.

mended the Council to pass the resolution mtking repre- sentation to the Lee ii G overnev,nt Bo tra that it was desirable to conatitute the borough into a county borough. As far as he was individually concerned he had been of the opinion for a long time teat it was quite time Warrington shoeld mtke this applicttion, and some twelve months ago he moved a resolution ask- ing that the Town Clerk sh raid b 3 instructel to prep are a report. That report, which was an ex :ellen', one, had been in their hands for a fortnight. Is was gait° proper that the matter shou d be put as fully and clearly AS it could be, not simply for the purpose of the memoers of the Council, but for the purpose of the general public outside. It was q lite impossible for them to fortell what the re-adjustment of finances as between the county ani Dr ugh might result in, but there was the material fact that at the present time the r ttable value of the borough was pledged for county adminie- trative purposes as well as for borough adminis- trative purposes, and. they were contributing Every year a sum of money for the administration of the county which was only partially beneficial to teem. If they became a county borough a certain scm of motley would be relieved and returaed to them. If they were ever to become a county borough the present was the time. At no time was the prospective increase of rateable value so great as it was to-day. Consider the work of the Council itself. It was to spend somithing like three or four hundred thousani pounds in the erection of buildings, the wideniag of streets, adding to the waterworks, and for that they we'll.' be additionally pledged for county aiministrative purposes if they did not relieve themselves. What impressed the committee most when the report of the Town Clerk was considerei was a suggestion from Councillor Shilicock that every additional pound of rateable value which Warrington became possessed of would be an additional sum contri- buted to the county for administrative purpose.. The Maroa : That is one of our main considerations.

Continuing the Alderman asked what had they to lose by the change? He any re-adjustment of finances, that would be done which was right and fair to both authori- ties. If they had not contributed their share, though he believed they had more than done so, they would have to make up the deficiency. On the other hand, they being the largest non-county borough in Eegland, it would be found that they had contributed more than their fair share,a.nd the probable result financially would be to their advantage. But it was not altogether a question of finance, though that was imeortaat. There was not a man in that room, nor outside of it, who did not took forward to Warrington becoming sometime or other a county borongh. Would they act wisely by allowing the probable enormous increase in rateable value to become pledged in perp ? The only mis- take they had made was that they did not go in for this , matter five or six years ago the moment they reached the population limit required by the Local Government Board to constitute them with the sanction of Parliament into a county borough. (Hear, hear.) There was the qaestion of technical instruction. They had, in that matter, suffered at the hands of the County Council an amount of illtreatment which, he ventured to say, had not teen equalled by any other County Council in the United Kingdom. (Hear. hear.) As far as Cheshire was coacerned,the boroughs had been treated most liberally. From the year 1890 to the present year they (Warrington) had received £5,488 on account of technical instruction, and according to the lowest andl meanest estimate they were entitled to £8,483 They had lost nearly £3,000 by being under the control of the County Council. They did not simply deprive them of the amount of money they were entitled to receive, but they interfered with their management of the classes. They, in Warrington, had not a tree hand. They criti- cised their programme, and struck out what they did not approve of. He objected to the interference. He was a Home Ruler, and he believed that people living in a town understood their affairs better than outsiders. He objected to grandmotherly legislation. The result of the deprivation by the County Council of that large sum of money had resulted in the committee having to go to the Council and ask them to make up the deficiency. The ' sooner that condition of things was terminated the better. County councils and county boroughs hal a separate as- sociation of their own, and they were petitioning Par- liament for extended po vers, powers which at the pre- sent time were vested in the Local Governmenb Board. They in Warrington, if they remained as they were at present, would be in the earns position in regard to those powers as they were now in regard to technical instruc- tion. They would just get as much as the County Coun- cil chose to give them. As they knew, the present Government was likely to deal with the question of secsndary education. He did not want them to be in too long—(laughter)—but he hoped they would be in Long enough to deal satisfactorily with this important matter. In that case it was extremely important that a town with a population of 70.000 should have an educa- tional authority. If they were to be in the hands ef the County Council woe betide them. They would never have anything in the shape of secondary education worth calling by the name. They would be grouped with a number of rural districts; they might have repre- sentation on the authority, and that was all. They would make a great mistake if they did not apply for these powers. Their present representation on the County Council was assessed on the population when it was 41,000, so that they were entirely out-voted. They were even now not receiving the representation that their present population entitled them Co. In other words, the rural and agricultural interests on the County Council utterly preponderated and swamped the interests of the urban districts. Their interests were special and Peculiar, and it was extremely important, growing as they were and likely to grow, that they should become their own masters, and assume the dignity which rightly belonged to them of becoming a county borough. (Hear, hear.) C ouncillor MONKS said if members of the Council had nude inquiries on their own account they would appre- ciate some of the diffilutties which the sob-committee lad had to face in making the recommendation which was now made. What had influenced him most was the fact that, as Alderman Roberts had said, the ratable valuable of the borough was being ',mortgaged twice ever, once on their owe account and also by the County Council as security for money they had borrowel. The further question was that the ratable valise Was steadily increasing, and their indebtedness is the direction he had indicated was increased proportionately. With re- gard to the adjustment of the comp msation he would read the last paragraph on page ten of the report,which was as follows :--•• The Act further provides that ia the a ijustment regard shall be had to the existing pro- perty, debts and liabilities connected with the filament relations of the county and borough, and to the con- sideration that neither the county nor the borough shall he placed in any worse financial position by such adjust- ment." lie thought that was a sufficient safeguard for them in connection with ,the financial inter .st at stake. (Hear, hear.) ' Alderman Bolton rose to speak, but The MAYOR ruled him out of order as he had spoken before. Alderman BOLTON: I move that the minutes be not adopted. I-- 1 , The Mania : Yon are out of order. Alderman BOLTON: I have power to move an amend- ment. The MAYOR Are you going ti defy the chair? Alderman BOLTON : I defy the ruling of the Town Clerk— _ . .

MaYou. : I mast ask you t) stop. Mut ht us disagree over a little pint like this. _

_ Alderman Bovrorr : I want to ask a q4estion. Do you not think that any member of this c)uncil has a right to object to a por:ion of a c3mmittee's minutes, without going; against the whole? The MA.VIR : I can only repeat that you are out of order.

Alderman BOLTON : I submit to your ruling, but I ask for your c)urtesy t speak a few words. The M&YOR : lam advised you are out of order. Alderman BOLTON : I ask then for the courtesy of the Council. (Loud ,cries of "No, no," and Chair.") I will say then that the whoie thing la irregular. Alderman Strrrmi observed that after the lengthy and satisfactory explanation given by Alderman Roberts he should content himself by saying ? -- Alderman BOLTON (interrupting) : Its a ho!e-and- corner business. You know it is bein; rustled through like the Act of Parliament.

The MAYOR: I mus.; a‘zain call you to order. I have not experienced anything like this for twelve months. (Hear, hear). Alderman SUTTON (tO Allerrzan Boltoi) : Do be quiet. (Laushte r). Alderman BOLTON : You know where the cap A's. Aid •rman Burro/4: Will you be quiet. (bauentor). Alderman BOLTON : I will soeak all the tim I am here as the representative of the w 001... Alderman Surrov : Cond lc.; yourself in a seemly manner.

Alderman BOLTON' I:arTl not satisi •cl that I have been fairly treated. The MAYOR • I think you have. _

Alden-min B i LTON : I don't think so.

Alderman SUTTON thnUalV; they sh•ould become a county borough at once, for they wer- the largest non- county borouzh in Elgland and of sufficient importance to have the entire control of their own affairs. (Hear, hear.) Councillor REVNETT rTie t) a point of order. ED said: I should like to know upo,i wise graund alderman Bol- ton was considerAd out of order ?

The Tows CLERK; Members hive only a right to speak once. Councillor BENNETT : Re was mlvinz an amendment. The TOWN CLERK: He has no right to do so. Alde.rrnia BOLTON: Will yo.i show me the fitandi ig orders ?

===== 0002601_18990908_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WAII,RINGTON TOW COUNCIL, DISGRA.CTIATIJC SCENES.

A msetinz of this Council was held in the C3un- cil Chamber at the Town Hall, Warring-,%n, ou Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Aldermin Wright) p-esided and there were also present: Alderman Fairclou.gh (deputy Mayor), Aldermen Sutton, Roberts,Francomb,Bilton ; C3uncillors John Evans Plumpt3n, Duncan, James Evans, L Ellison, Shaw Green, Shillcock, Bennett, Sinethurst,John Roherts, Heaton, Jolley, Rogers, Lnigton, F. Monks Carmen, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (Town clerk), .Ir. Stanley Wils3n (deputy town clerk)tAr. Fairhurst (b3rough treasuror), Mr. Loagdin (borough :surueyor), Mr. Dens (sanitary and water engineer), Mr. Haddock (gas engineer).

===== 0002601_18990908_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ALTERATIONS TO PUBLIC EiOUSE3.

At a meeting of the Watco Committee it was re;olved that the Wags for the re-:!rectioi of the King and Q leen public-'louse, and of the alterations to the Higher Ancrel be approved so far as such plans concern this committee. The MAYOR moved. and Alderman SUTTON sec Aded. the confirmation of the minutes. The MAYDR alluded to the plans for the re-tr ,ction of the King and Lileen public-house and of the alterations to the Higher Angel. Alderman ROBERTS asked for informatioo as to the nature of the plans. Did they constitute any addition to the licensing area ? Tne MAYOR : I am very sorry,bnt I was not present at the meeting. It is only so far as toe Wat 311 C)mmittee are conceraed. The magistrates will deal with the matter hereafter.

Alderman ROBERTS: But we have to depeni upon the Watch Committee to exercise our rights, It is t3o much to ask us to vote in the dark. If there is no altPra- tion in the licensing area, and the plans are neoessary for good reasons. I shall have BO cbjectinn.

Alllerman SUTTON: The Committee have considered the plans fairly. It is imposible to denribe them to a member at a moment's notce.

Alderman ROBERTi ; There is so mach business on the agenda that if we had to inquire preliminary from the various chairmen of committees it would take up the whole of our time. It is not too much to ask for more detailed inf,srination upon the matter. (Hear, hear.) The Maros : Do you tnind if I give you the informa- tion lacer on.

Alderman ROBERTS expressed himself satisfied, and the minutes were confirmed. RETURN OF ALDERMAN FRANCOMR. At this stago of the meeting Alderman Fraacomb, who has been absent from the Council meetings f)r twelve months owing to imiisposition, entered the Council cham- ber, and was warmly cheered. The Melton: We are all very pleased to see you, Alder- man Francomb. (Rear, hear.) Alderman FaaNcomo : Thank you, Mr. Mayor and and gentlemen.

COUNCILLOR SHAN GREEN PREVENTED FROU

MAKING A STATEMENT.

Councillor SHAW GREEN, in moviog the confirmation of the minutes of the Finance and Estate Committee al- luded to the abs-ract of the acnounts of the borough for the year endimg 31st March. He remarked that a strik- ing ovidence of the continual growth of the borough was the yearly expansion of the volume, and to anyono in- terested in the welfare of the town a perusal would be found not only interesting but distinctly instructive. The balance sheet on page 137 a showed at a glance in what a sound financial condition the capital account of the borough was, and it was with much satisfaction that they were able on a recent occasion, whcn seeking to birrow a large sum of money, to refer to their assets as worth near:y £1.000,000, and that the surplus over their liabilities was equal to one half the debt. Councillor SMETHURST : Are we in order? There is nothing about this on the minutes. We have not had the auditors' report. Councillor SHAW GREEN: He will find that everything he is asking for will fall from my lips if h' will let me go my own way. Perhaps it is the best way. Councillor SMETHURST : We don't all have our own way. Councillor SHAW CIREEN : I shall go my own way un- less the \I ayor directs otherwise. Councillor SMETHURST : Bat I rise to a point of order. We should not go into the accounts until we have beard the auditor's report. The MAYOR I think it is a bit out of order: Bring the nsatter en a little later, after the auditor's report has been received.

Councillor Shaw Green resumed his seat. The DXPETTY MAYOB seconded, and the minutes were agreed to. STREET IMPROVEIIEN COMMITTEE. MAY WITH MESSRS. PEXRSON AND KNO 4LES. The Street Improvement Committee reported that a draft contract with the Union Bank of Manchester, Limited, for the purchase of their premises at Market Gate for the sum of £5,000 and £5O for costs had been submitted and approved. Mr. E. J.fiall,of Messrs. Green- all and Buckten, attended the Committee with reference to the plans for the erection of buildings in Bewsey- road, submitted by the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, which the committee refused to approve at the last meeting.—lt was resolved that su,.h plans be approved, providing the Company will set back to a line in continuation of their offices and give up to the street that portion of the land between the building line and the road.

Alderman SUTTON In moving the confirmation of the minutes, stated in reference tn the first re4olution that the committee were of opinion it was better to buy the bank premises now, or if they let slmenne eke get them the Corporation might have to pay more for them as well as compensation to the tenant. With reference to the resolution respecting Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, a Letter had been received from Messrs. Greene!' sad Buckton, solicitors, who represented Messrs. Pearson and Knowles in the matt.r. The letter WAS chted 23rd August, and read as follows :—" Referring to our inter- view with the Sreet Improvemont,Committeelyesterdav, we are instructed by our clients to inform you that they rezret they cannot accept the suggestion of your com- mittee. They will leave the question of bnilding ware- houses over for further consideration." Alderman SUTTON, continuing, said as far as emoting the buildings was cnncerned, Messrs. Pearson and Knowles would not be able to erect any except on the line indicated. Gmneilior JAMES EVANS seconded, and the minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH COMVITTEE. ABOMINABLE SMELLS.

The Health Committee relommeud id that it was ex- pedient to order the de-nolition of hou.es, numbered 1. 2, 3. and 4, Ryland-yard, as being unfit for human habitation.

Alderman SuTTox moved the confirmatbn of the minutes.

Alderman ROBERTS seconded Alderman Fasscomn sai I he would like to ask the Chairman if anything was being done to stop tho abomi- able smells at Wilderspool, Stonkton Heath, and Latch- ford which emanated from the Ship Cansl and the smaller canal running from Black B-ar Bridge to Stock- ton Heath. The smell was almost unboirable. He thought they ought t 3 ask the authorities to abate the nuisance. _ _ _

F Councillor BENNETT said the matt4r was on of some firgency. The alarming incr ;sae in the death rate within the last few weeks had caused them to have serious mis- givings as to the state of the health of the town. It would be interesting to know whether it wal don ti.) the state of the Ship Canal and the river. It seemed to him that the towns higher uo the river were ti blame, and the question arose whether the C )rplratinn could not take some action to prevent authorities from polluting the stream. Toe Ship C ana,l Company wri no: to blame; they wet', Viet'ms like themselv s 11) woula liks t ) know if anything could be done to q licken the pace of pr -.venting the pollution. Alderman BOLTON referring to a resolution of the committee ttmt arrangements be made with th ) Princi- pal of the College of Pathology of the University College, Liverpool, for the bacteriological exainination of fifty cases of typhoid and diphtheria, including analysis of water and milk, for the sum of £25 per annum, re- marked that samples of the canal and river water miht he submitted to see if it containe.l any germs which were the cause oi what was known as Snip Canal throat.

Counaillor Snaw GREEN said there wts an infinitely worse smell in tile atmosphere between 630 anl mid- night than even that whien was emitted from the Ship Canal. The r(sidents in the town were nearly made sick by them and in the hot weather they had bean obliged to close the windows Ile 1a1p3,1 some steps would be ..taken to atop these smells. . . .

Councillor REATON said the residents at Town's End did not crumble very much but they had suffered a great deal from the smells from tanyards and the sm-ike and smut from various places. If the committee did not move in the matter he would. COMICiIICT JOHN ROBERTS said he did not hPlieve there was really a nuisance cause Iby any tanneries in War- rington. (Laughter.) There might be a disagreeab43 smell but it was not an unhealthy smell. Councillor HEATON said Councillor Roberts had mis- understood him. He was speaking more particularly of smoke and smut. Alderman ROBERTS said he did not wish to depreciate the opinions which had been expressed r.speeting the abominable stench from the waters of the Ship Canal and the `River hut he was at a I )ss to know what practical effect could be given to any recommandation which might be made. The coiitrol of tho authorities con- cerned was in the hands of the Rivers Pollution Committee of Ln.ncashire and Cheshire, and everybody knew perfectly well, that for yenc the committee had been putting into opera- tion the law agairst those who were polluting these streams. But the process or adminirering the Act of Parliament under which the Committee was constituted was necessarily exceedingly low. Manchester and Sal- ford were the two principal authorities who did more than all the other authorities combine I to pollute these

===== 0002601_18990908_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS COMMITTEE-PURCHASE OF LAND.

Alderman FAincLociaa proposed the acceptance of the minutes of this committee. Councillor SHAM GREEN seconding. Aldermin Fairclough alluded to the pur- chise of an acre and two perches of Rod in order that they might treat with the London and North-Western Railway Company for the lengthening of some of the sidings at the works. The :AAYOR : I heartily sparove of this purchase of Land. It will be of conside able value hereafter.

Carried. Trig Flag BRIG&DE.—&N kIIICA.I3LE SETTLE:VS:tr. Councillor SM&CHURST prop )sed th tnnue of the Fire Engine Committee. Tnev wauld see that every- thing in connection with the Fire Eiriga& was now on its fonner footing. Toe committee had givan away nothing and the firemen hal elms and asked to be re- instated according to the terms of the advertisem.nt. It would bs his pleasure shorty to or)plae that simething shou'd be given the firemen, but for the present the matter was ended. Alderman FRkNCONER seconded. Alderman BOLTON said he could not see what it was all ablut. It lookei like a storm in a teapot and ought not to have been brought before the Cpuncil. The Maxon dissented from the remarks of the Alder- man. He thought the committee had acted in a dignifiel and proper spirit. The matter had been very satis- factorily settled.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY BOROUGH QUES LIVELY SCENE. TFIE MAYOR'S RULING IGNORED. THE MEETING BROKEN UP IN DISORDER

The minutes of the General Purposes Committee, con- taining some very important business, now came up for discussion. Toe Committee has considered the renort of the Town Clerk on the Local Government Act, 1888, when it was resolved that the Mayor, the Chairman and the Deputy-Chairman of the Finance Committee, and Mr. Councillor M inks be appointed a suh-committee to conflr with the Town Clerk, and report to the next meeting of this cemmittee on the advisability of a re- presentation being made to the Lo3al Government Board to constitute Warrington into a county borough. The sub-oemmittee having submitted the following re- commendation :--" That the General Purposes Com- mittee be recommended to mike a representation te the Local Government Board that it is desirable to consti- tute the borough into a couety boreugh,"it was resolved that a representation be made accordingly. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman FRANCOMB seconded. C runcillor BENNETT Sad the minutes of the committee were of such importance that they should not he passed over without discussion. There was the question of the application to becerne a minty borough, which was one of the most important matters whieh had come before them for some time. He thought attentien ought to be callei to that fact, and they ought to know exactly how they stood. He had read the eroellent report prepared by the Town Clerk more than once, and he must cenfess that at the coeclesion of his study he did not feel very much wiser. (Laughter.) That, of course, was not due to Mr. Virhittle'a report, but te the complexity of the position and [rem a variety of circumstances which any- one who had reed the report would understand. The Vacuity was that they did not know whether they would benefit until they had made the application, and until the inquiry had been held: Teat was unfortunate. It was not clear whether they would be better off finan- cially. It was impossible to arrive at any account of gains and twee; until the inquiry was held, and he understood that it wou'd then be too Ist' to retract. He would like to know whether that was 83. Tho Towle CLERIC said the adjustment cou'd not be made until they were constituted a county authority. Councilor BeNderr said they were bound to t tke a sort of leap in the dark. He was not prepared to say whether it would be a wise or a foolish leap. Probtbly the law was to blame. It certainly ought to be pessiole to arrive at some estimete beldam it was too late to retrace the steps. He was not, however, goitre to take to himself tree responsibility of moving that the matter be deferred. It had been ender consideration for some time. He supoosed they would gain in dignity, but, on the other hand, they would lose the dienity of represen- tation on the County Council, and three very worthy Irepresentatives would have to retire. He Was pleased to note, however, that although they lost that represen- tation they wneld still retain their services on other board; and bodies dealing with matters affecting the town. One of those bodies was the Joint Committee of the County Council in regard to rivers p.Alution. Alderman ROBRRTS : We shall be representei directly not through the County C ouncil as at present. Councillor BENNETT observed that that was a tangible beaefit. They might do something in reference to the complaint which had teen made earlier in the meeting. _ .

_ Alderman BOLTON honed this matter was not going to be rushed through as was the Act of Parliament, but that it would be gone into fro n a filanci sl point of view. He trusted that they would have a proper syste- matic report. s a that there would be no mistakes made afterwards, and no turning hack and finding they had gone on the wrong track. This should not he done in a week or a month, but should oclupy twelve month.. They might by it have to pay 2]. in the L, and they might have to pay 2s. As far as the Council- were con- cerned it would do welt to have anything done in this di- rection carefully supervised. Alderman ROBERTS said that if his friend Alderman Bolton had read the minutes he would have seen that the culb-•nrtrni•toe. had al...Ar an r.enm-

===== 0002601_18990908_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

Ems"' Pill. • Dose. d Price. 'orty in a vial. I vVege- ,, ble. allow Complexion, and Headaches promptly: und cni e them so as to st,,, Is. 110,

z5::1116, VCA'TERS Si 45: ITTLE IVER ,t S ' tre Torpid Livr

===== 0002601_18990908_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL TEETH for aU who we daily on the tooth :rush a few drops of SOZODONT

awe plessanted dentifrice world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. tak far SOZODONT. 2s. 611

===== 0002601_18990908_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

cr;ATEruL-com FORT! NG.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
r 4, - • so *4

"AST AND SPFER

P:717

===== 0002601_18990908_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Tows CLERK: They are before you. Aldermaa BOLTON: I objec:; to tae rating until he proves it. Aldnemen ROBERTS said it was perfectly clear that a member had only a right to speak once. He could not get up again and move an amendment. Alderrnal BOLTON : Yes he can. Alderm an Homers : In that Case where would the end of our debates be ? 'The MAYOR real tile sten diag order in support of his ruling. Alderman BoterceN: There is no reference to an atn,nd- meat. Continuing, he sail that if his recollection serv,d him right it was the Town Clerk who originated this movement for a county borough. Cauncillor MONKS said the Town Clerk had nothing to do with it. Is arose o 3 a euggestien by one of the mem- bers of the General Purposes Committee. He thought the rem irks of Al iercnan B olton were unfair and uncalled for. Aldermen BOLTON: Are amendment may be moved to any minutes. The MAyOR : We cannot enter into this matter further. I have ruled in out of order. Cauncillo: DeCesse.LL asked if Ceueeilor M onks was allowed te speak a second time? The MAYOR: He was givine a a explanation. Councillor SMETHURST said he was one of the con- verts to the proposed chanee,and he thought the sooner they became a county b )ugh the better it would be. He withal to know what anemat of money they had paid to the County Council, sty for twelve months ? Councillor Dr. CANNELL proposed as an amendment that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the one on page 14 relating to the county herou eh. The Meyoa : You are out of order. You have already spoken ? Ceuneillor Dr. CANNELL A.m I out of order ? Alderman Bolton nose to make an explanation. Councillor Dr. CANNEL!, : lam out of order ! Have Ino right to prOD)Se an amendment ? All right ! I will know. The MAYOR: Dr. Cannell male a speech, and we can- not hear a second One. Any other remarks? Ceuncillor SaAvr GREEN. Yes, Me Mayor. Ceencillor Dr. CANNELL : It is a nice thing, is it not? Alderman BOLTON (to Ceuncill or Shaw Green) : You have spoken. Councillor SHAW GREEN: I have not spoken on the matter at all. Several inq iiries have been made, but I do not feel disposed to speak unless the request of the Mayor to the Councl is adhered to, and-- The MAYOR: Order, gentlemen. Alderman BocToN : It is all right. It is all "order." It all wants cloaking up. It is all fair in love and war. (Criss of" Chair. chair.") Aldermau Surros: Have Ngp .1t to the cheir. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Dr. CANNELL There is no chair, is there fiddle-de.dee. I rise to a point of order. Councillor SMETHURST : I objc: to him saying there is no chair. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Dr. CANNELL: I say that the Town Clerk is the" boss of the show." I shall say what I think.and I want te propose that the comeuttee --- The MAYOR: I cannot allow you, sir. You are out of order. Ceurecillor Dr. CASSELL : I say I an in order. I don't care what the Town Clerk says. UNSEEMLY IN CERRO? ['IONS BY ALDERMAN BOLTON. LIVELY PROCEEDINGS. Councillor SHAW GREEN proceeded to refer to the financial part of the subject, and sad it was quite true, as Aldermen Roberts bad re narked, that they could not get to know the demands the County Council would make upeu them, until the separation had taken place. Alderman BOLTON: That is what I wanted to know. The Mevoa : D be in order. I must ask you to be orderly. Councillor SHAW GREEN said it was impossible for anyone to keep his tnougnts together, particularly on a matter of this mement, vrlile such unwise observations were being made. Alderman Belton was old enough to know how to behave himself. Alderman BOLT : I had respect for the Council before to-night. I will come here when Lam not wanted. Councillor &few GREEN said the utmost difficulty was experienced in obtaining fieuree. because they did not know what claims the County Council had-- Aldermen BOLT ON (again interrupting) : Qaite true. Coancillor Sauey GREEN (continuing); We do not know what the C ounty Council claims will be until we have actually nude our application, and until the Local Government Board has sanctioned it, but I can tell the Council that we have made and do make a payment for that portion el the county rate claimed from us, and which is included in the poor rate. L tat year the amount was £7,254. Councillor Dr. CANNELL : Are they your figures? Couneillor SHAW GREEN' How can they be my figures? We receive certain grenta from the county for the pollee, main reads, bridges Ac., amounting to something like t 8.702. Alderman BOLTON, interrupting again, asked : Why cannot the C3uncil have these figures in their own hands? C macillor Shaw Green was the Chairman of the Finance Committee, an I why should not the other members of the Council have the same information in their possession ? Councillor Dr. CANNELL: Hear, hear. That is what want to know. Councillor SHAW GREEN: The figures have been sup- plied to Alderman Bolton, the Mayor, and the rest of the members, and worked up before this meeting to be ready for this m•eting. This is abominable behaviour, and it is something to be ashamed of on the part of two members. I protest against our continuance as a part of the county. It is our duty to promote as far as we can the true interests of ties boroueh, and be masters of the situatien, and have the control of our finances. And we shall be all the more respected for it. Alderman BoLTeN : You are e.faid of publication. Councillor SHAW GREEN (WarMl!) : That is an abom- inable lie. Alderman Bolton. lam ashamel of you, Alderman Bolton. Alderman BOLTON: Never mind about a lie. The MAYOR: Let it drop. Aldermen R 'Mean : How can we let it drop in the circumstances ? Alderman BOLTON : I rise to a point of order. Is that dignified Menage for the Chairman of the Finance Committee to make use of ? Councillor SHAW GREEN: It is true. but I regret having said it. but I was compelled to do so by these continual interruptions. The MAYOR: I dare say you were excite], Councillor Shaw Green, and regret the expression. , Conneillor SHAW GREEN: Yes, and I withdraw it. Alderman Bolton again rase to speak. The MAYOR: The observation is withdrawn. Alderman BOLTON: I will prove What I Say, and more if it is required. Councillor Dr. CANNELL : So can I. Alderman BOLTON : I will tell smoothing teat out- eiders do not know. The minutes were then palled. APPLICATION TO I'HE LOJAL GOVERNIIEN BOARD. Councillor SHAW GREEN moved that application be made to the Local Governmeet Board f or their sanction to the borrowing of £44,966 for purposes of Electric Lighting, and for their sane ion to the borrowing of £9,336 for the purchase of land for and the establish- ment of a Central Sanitary Depot. Councillor MONKS seconded and explained the necessity for the last-named application. Alderman BOLT ON: Can I speak ? The MAYOR: Yes you are quite in order. Alderman BOLTON: I was wondering if the Town Clerk would allow me. Cries of" Shame, shame." Alderman BOLTON: The whole thing is a sham. The MAYOR: You are showing the greatest dis- courtesy to me. The resolutions were then carried. ALDERMAN BOLTON TA.LKS OF A SECRE SERVICE. Councillor gnaw GREEN then called attention No a re- so'ution of the Finance Ceurnitters passed on the 28th of August which was as follows :—" That in the opinion of this committee it is not expedient to give information tlindividuel ratepayers and requests that the particu- lar.; be given by the chairman at the next C4uncil mest. beg." It was in obedience to thet request that he hail preparel a statemsnt which he would now read with the permission of the Council. Ceuncillor SMETHURST : I must object to it being brought forward, as it is not on the agenda. The MAYOR (after a !aie cense!' ince the Town Clerk) : I think you are qlite tight. We cannot discuss the matter, as is is not on the agenda. Counci'lar SMETHURST : Those p seple who want chi.; information ought to give n itiCe Of it thr )ueh the press or through the agenda. Alderman Bol.ToN : I suprort Councillor Smethurst's objectioe. We are here as trustees to spend the money of the ratepayers. Councillor SHAW GREEN (jocularly) : Whom do you represent ? Alderman BOLT ON: I represent the ratepayers of Warrington. I can go to the ratepayers and be certain of getting in. Some of you fellows are not. " We have no rieht to discuss anything under a cloak. When it comes to a case of mo ley actually spent it has no right to be passed over under a cloak. (Rear, hear.) There was a deputation te London the ether day-- Councillor Dr. CANNELL: To Sonthampton. Alderman BOLTON. Tree who'e thing eves a scandal. I was the only man in the room the other day who had . not pr smt,sd a bill for money spent in connection with the Water Committee. Toe town ought to know put- Hely who are the people who receive this money for secret service. We have no right to have any secret service. The ratepayers never sent us here for the secret service. Councillor SHAW GREEN (tO the Mayor) : You have permitted Alderman Button to speak. lam obliged to ask you to permit me to give an explanation. Councillor SMETHURST : I simply objected to the accounts being gone into. I don't say anything more. Tho MAYOR: You had better let the matter drop. Councillor Snaw GREEN: There is nothing of the kind I know of. It was a very improper observation to

===== 0002601_18990908_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
**26lc.***.**i * *.i * * * SIGNATURE * * * CERTIFIES :I Ili * * * : * * * : * Sr * * * Brooke, Bond, *I * TB: C:1;1114:=BY 3Or

OUR

our honourable dealinq with every one and all of the two-million people, who drink our tea every day. Yes, our well-known signature, appearing plainly and without any ornament or other ;mark, on every lone of all the millions and millions of the celebrated lemon-tinted packets annually put up and sold 4,y us, is an absolute gmarantee that the tea in every one of such packets is GOOD QUALITY, FULL WEIGHT, GOOD VALUE.

APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE; THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES : 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG

* Jor

MILLGATE, MANCHESTER,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
* *

** * *sir

AND AT LEEDS. BRADFORD AND LONDON.

make, and I an sorry his good sense did n3t prevent him making it.

Alderman BOLTON' • My good sense is that you do not publish everything you know on tile Finance Committee.

Alderman ROBERTS (warmly) : The Alderman hag made use of language woicn reflects on every member of toe Council, acid I am not going to sit here patiently and listen to it. If there Is anyone receiving secret ser- vice money in connection with the Corporation it is time he was kicked out of it. I have received ray personal expenses for attending the business of the Corporation in London and elsesynere, and sacrificed hundreds of pounds in doing it, lam prepared to continue the ser- vice, but not t.) be blactiguarded by members of the Corporation.

Alderman BOLTON: Let the public know what yea receive.

Alderman ROBERTS: I don't cue if the public do know. We are pandering to the wont elements of the people when men like Al ierman Bolton get up and make these remarks. Surely to gooiness there are mom capable of acting noneitly wad righteonsly as between the ratepayeta and themselves. Alderman BOLTON: You cannot trudt me. Alderman ROBERTS : If we don't trust you perhaps you are not fit to e trusted.

- Alderman HOLTON again rose to speak. The MAYOR: Alderman Roberts did not interrupt you. _ _

- Alderman ROBERTS: This Council has been red=ecil to-night in regard Co its dignity and respectability to a position that is simply shameful, and by the action tif two men, and I am not prepares to go on with it. Councillor Dr. CANNELL (interrupting) : lam not a slate merchant.

Alderman ROBERTS: H you were you might be a gentleman, which you are not. Councillor Dr. CANNELL : I ask him to withdraw that remark.

Alderman ROBERTS: I am not going to be black. guarded by every man who frequents a taproom and gets half drunk when he comes to the Council. We have had members sitting round this table so drunk that they did not knew what they were talking about. Alderman 80LT31.7 : Does he allude t e me? The MAYOR No; I think not. _

COptiCiliOr Dr. (:3ANNELL (to Alderman Roberts) : What about you taking a glasa of wbisky at Wins ford-- ?

Alderman ROBSIZTS (hotly) : You are an infamous liar, sir, and I tell you so to your lace. I never touched a drop of whisky

Couriciller Dr. CANNELL : Mr. Bancroft told me you did.

Alderman ROBERTS : Hs never told you anything of ;he sort.

At this point, as several members rose to leave the Chamber in disgust, the Mayor alsl vacated his chair. The other memoers immediately followed his Worship's example, and the Council broke up in disorder.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LIBERAL CLUB v. CONSERVATIVE CLUB. This return match was played on Saturday at the Liberal Club Bowling Green, and resulted in a most decisive victory for the homesters. At the conclusion of the game a hearty vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. Thornton to the Liberals for the pleasure it had given the Conservatives to visit the green. Councillor Plumpton suitably repliei Toe following are the scores :--

LIB ERAL CLUB. CONSERVITITE CLUB. S. D. S. DI B Hall ll 115 S Caldwell T Locker J Jennings H Williams J Sankey P Langley 6 1, 11 f " W 15Eillington ... 3 ~" A J Jones J looker ll J " P Bradbnrn 8 f H Daintith ll lii T B Potter. W Monks ... ll f • W J Wilcock lO " W Barton i• 15 5 J Mitchell sf " W Strettle J Bennion L Aukland ll f ' W J Wilson Greenkaigh le R Jones

161 107 98 71 Liberals (doubles and singles Conservatives (doubles and single.)

Majority for Liberals On home and home games Liberals have 89 majority. SANKEY BRIDGES v. PENKETH PARK.

_ The return match between these clubs took place on Saturday. The first meeting at Penketh resulted in a win for the home team by 66 points, but as Sankey Bridges proved winners by 71 points on Saturday, this gives them the lead on the home-and-home games by the rAther small mijority of five points. Saturday's games resulted as follows : SANKEY BRIDGES. PENKETH PARK. S. D. P. D. J Gorst (capt 13 S Shave (aapt) 7 9 R Sudlow ll W Gonlden ..... ... 6}. A Foden T Ellison 1. 11 10 W Rooke 2 R Kerr W Cartledge 7l i , H Bowyer B Highley ll f " T Wilson 1 k 6 A Timmins J Graham ll l3 3 Phcenix T Brough 13 C Goulden ll 1 T A Chalmers ....... ..... 4. I. A Higbam 311 ough . 9 11 / r 13 T Higham 11 1 1 3 J Feirn B Shave 3 W Stevenson W Jennings

Total l5O 104

Total 112 7-1-

_ 254 183 Majority for Sankey Baidges, 71.

VO COI 'Per Cent.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMAN AILMENTS

RESULT FROM A

===== 0002601_18990908_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
TORPID LIVER

WEAK KIHEYS.

WARNER'S " SAFE " ME

Regulates the I. I Viz: -Z•

v,elieves and Removes the Inflammation

• frurn the iiLl) 1)3- expelling the po:so!ion•-; !Clancy (Uric) ACID.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE

Rests on its Re.r?vtatiun.

BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NCI: STAND ETILL.

For Sale hy all Chemis!,, Price 2,19 and 1;6

7crs.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
stl AI., 4, • •

===== 0002601_18990908_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.01

===== 0002601_18990908_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt "Cramintr" dnritts 01/ LANCASHIE AND CSESHIRE COUNTY NEWEIPTPEDS:

rrall Warrixgton and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- .". Balled every Saturday morning.

Comprises

rrHE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published .JL every Friday afternoon.

TSt. Helms Examincr, published every Friday afternoon.

TE Runcorn Examinsr, published every Friday morning,

TilMWidnes Examiner, published every Friday ornin g

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED,

PREPAID ADVERTISE3IBIITS.

GPSCI3I4I ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

TALEICELLANEOTTh WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO DE LET OB BOLD. One Three Six

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os 8d ... is 3d ... 2s Od 27 36 45 is 64 ... 3s 84 ... 64 Od

WANTED. good GENERAL SERVANL—AppIy HEAD, Abram, Wigan.

ramnestit berbantg, &r,

WANTED, goad GENERAL ; wages £l2,—By letter,Mrs• JONES, Blacklow-brow, Huyton.

WANTED, experienoed GENERAL, 20 to 25, at once.— Apply ROSE BANE, Davenport, Stoekport.

- WANTED, GIRL, respectable, eel Geueral.—JoeuUA GIBSON, 45 Shakspere-street. Manchester.

WANFED, good GENERAL SERVANT. RUSSEL HoUSE, Grosvenor-square, Ashton-on-Meney.

WANTED, a good COOK, 25 to 30, good baker and good references. —Apply WOOD, Beeches, Bolton.

WANTED, respectable GIRL. about 17 years: good home. —Apply 60, CHAPEL-STET, Aneoate, Manchester.

WANTED. at once. a good GENERAL Servant. —Apply Mrs. GRAY, 12, St. Alban's-road, Bootle, Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENERAL, able to wash, wages 4s 6d per week.-15, WittnSon-noiD, Walton-vale, Liver- pool.

WANTED, good strong SERVANT able to milk or willing to learn. Apply JAMES HOLT, Ilaigb, near Wigan. _ _

_ WANTED, good GENERAL for family of six; no washing by September 6th; wages £l5,—H. ROCK LANDS,

ifeewall

N'iVANTED good GENERAL SERVANT, no washing.— Apply MAssolt VILLA, 319. Dickenson-road, Long- sight, Manchester.

WANTED, strong. willing GENERAL ; from the country preferred; no children; good wages.-29,. DURHAM- ROAD, Blackpool.

W small ANTED YOUNG GIRL, from 16 to 20 as help in family.—Apply Mrs. McEmma 11,The Grove, Acomb- street, Manchester.

FISII DEALERS and Friers, try HARRY ALLEN, Fish Mer- chant, Grimsby, for Best Quality Fish at the Lowest Possible Market Prices.

WANTHD, respectable GIRL as GRNBRAL, 16 to 18; references reqaired.-24, Hampden Street, Higher Tranmere, Birkenhead.

WANTBD. respectable GIRL as GENBRiIL ; about 18; no family; good home.-10. GROBY-ROAD, Chorlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester.

MRS. MLRSDEN'S, High-class Registry, 4, LIME-GROVE Diclabury, Manchester. Wants Respectable Servants in all capacities ; references.

lAADY in the country requires young GIRL as Under- housemaid, age 18; good tome.—Apply Miss Joxzs, Booton Grange, Chester.

WANTED at once MOUSBMAID-WAITRESS for small family.—Apply by letter only, to LLOYD, Rayensdale, Stanley-road. Whalley Range, Manchester.

---- N‘TANTBD. good GENERAL; plain COOK; no washing; small family; good wages.—Mrs. HALLSWORTN. Registry, Orme-street, Oldham.

WANTED HOUSHMAID-WAITRBSEI ; good references indispeasable.—Apply Mrs. ALFRED J. THOMPSON, Iderlewood, Cuddington, kaorthwich.

WANTBD, strong GIRL, as MINERAL ; family three, plain cooking ; washing; Catholic preferred; state wages.-78, ELIzABETZ-STREET, Blackpool. -

PARLOURMAID required for gentleman's small family in the country, thoroughly understand duties.—Apply Miss Jorms, Hooton Grange, Chester.

• WANTED, C00K.220 ; three kept and boy,part washing at home, help given ; churchwoman, good references. —Mrs. ELIMETRAT, Laxton, Howden, B. Yorks.

ANTBD at once, Raperienced MINERAL, accustomed to aellar kitchen, Dire. FEBousoN, 21. Aleaandrar Terrace, Bedford-road, Rock Ferry, Birkenhead.

WANTED GENERAL, experienced, middle-aged ; able to cook and wash; comfortable home; must have good references. —Pown.L, 27, Rawson-street, Farnworth, Bolton.

WANTED. geod plain COOKS, several experienced General Servants,Housemaid-Waitresses and a second Laundreas.—Mrs. bTopFORD'S Registry, Oxford-road, Altria- cham.

WANTED, respectsble GIRL for housework ; only one little girl aged?, good home for suito3le girl.—Apply Mrs. IPISO, Confectioner, 1, Greaves-street, Great Harwood, Lancashire.

WANTED COOK-GRNERAL and Housemaid-Waitress at once; wages £l2 to £l4 ; three in family, no Children ; washing done at home.—Mrs. P., Prospect House, Farkgate, Liverpool.

WANTED, strong MINIMAL, good character, e)out 29. Wages £l3 to a suitable person. No children; only four to family. Required in three weeks.—HocKEDAY 5, The Elms, Dingle, Liverpool.

CIOACHYCAN or Groom-Coachman Requires Situation; V..) age 27 ; eight years in present situation ; ride, drive single or pair ; married when. suited.—Apply JOEIN OvEnToN, Dynevor Castle, Landilo, South Wales.

i‘T ALE and FEMALE NURSES IRbTITUTION, 70, Hope- i_ street. Liyerpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—" Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 670

WANTED, experienced GENERAL that can wash and cook, for family of five, youngest 15. Wesleyan and total abstainer preferred ; good references indispensable.— Reply stating age and wages required, 135, LOWER SEEDLEY- ROAD, Pendleton, Manchester.

For Heady 20 years

DR. DAVIS'

FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO: WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy ifor Anemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 91d., Is. Id., 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Do. DAVIS, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

DR. DE.ROO'S

-• COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy iemedy for Pains in the Baek, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumitism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases ot the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Zdany complaints, supposed obe nervous. often arise solely from contamination ot the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTER DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. 11d. and 2s. 9d.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holtord House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Sin Shaet stt. 3in. by 3ft. gin. TAP I tItGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONS rtsE PLACARD may he formed by joining number of the " LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LANGE TYPB MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MANIMOTH POSTEnS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country, MAMMOTH POSTER. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

_ A SPBCIALITY.

J. WALKER (Sk.ri CO. EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

, .

===== 0002601_18990908_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18990908_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rn

===== 0002601_18990908_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• I

===== 0002601_18990908_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t . !t, • ,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
DARE. MORECAMBE —Public and Private APART- -1.) MIMS ; sea view.-13, Park-street.

M ORECAMBE, W.E. —Miss SHARPLES, 105, IChatsworth- -171 road. Apartments ; piano; bath.

BLACK POOL—Mrs. LICAI3, 95 Albert-road, 3min. from Central StAtion and sea ; public or private; pianos.

lifotetS, OptirafS, boartling OStabb

T LELNDUDNO.—Facing the sea. Brig-y-Don Bording- LA house; Gloddaeth-crescent. Beautiful position. For terms apply to Mr. MORRIS BASNETT.

WANTBD, Under NiiRSR-SEWINGMAID, 19 to 2?. good references.—Apply WOon, Beechee, Bolton.

EZANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £250 k:1 numerous vacancies ; perrnaneill, appointments ; SP'ea Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester nd other exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 00 successful candidates.—Apply lirißEra MUSUENS, Science Teacher, Sunderland,

VIRE WOOD Is. per bag, resin pieces. also fire likliters.- 1 Wm. BEBwICK, 21. Buttermarket-street. Warrington.

A N INSURANCE BOOK for Sale. Solid, Cheap.—Apply /IL A. COTTERELL, 45, Gladstone-street, Warrington.

rip R Y " Salvitas " for liver disorders, flatulency, and cousti• 1 'Dation, Is per box, post free, from J. C. Illoftsx Am> Co., 10,11reatherstone-ulldiags, High Holborn. W.C.

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECIUSES, PROGRAMMES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. ARTISTIC PRINTERS

COMMERCIAL AND ARTISTIC PRINTING.

ENVELOPES

2s. PER 11000.

' THE 4 ASIINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS, 4hir-IX

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIICICS

===== 0002601_18990908_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
E EXAMINER. )A Y. SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THB NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

THER ATION. Tp rt:pi su Isaurc cersesmf u2d, nda sh gehml y. ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan, Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity 0' the blood, pots, blotches, pins and swell- ings or the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges. piles. gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion, sleeplessness,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different fornas Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. 11. JOHNSON, ;43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.C.

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S HLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. ika. TOW LB'S C HLORODYIN E 13icl. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE ANCVASTIAL

Otorito, Zustnesso, at,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S PILLS.

EADwa pILLS. All who suffer from Gout et Rheumatism stould immediately EADE'S pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pILLS, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE SpILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pILLS. worst C 4803. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class.

GOUT " 16,Burton-erevent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. h, II )3 UMAT I S M "D.ar Sir,—lt is with uni+ounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT peal se of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had Rlf lii UMAT I S M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course

GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R H RUMAT ISM The nest spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM smiLebewinhgenlar uv- atent.he Ever

GOUT pain I la/tve taken 2 more Pillk and I have been all right again RHII ÜBIA T I Sjitl directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT

_ GOUT THEM IF THEY COST inTIND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you lilos of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased IL. answer any pi:Kr sufferer who cares to write Itkl RUMAT M ne (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN."

BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. I& and 2.. 9d or sent post frea for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, GOSTVELL-ROAD. E.O. Ask fcr and be sure you obtain EADE'S GOUT AND :MU MATIC PILLS. EA B S PILLS

COOPER AND CO'S TEAS. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. TE.A. HOLD THE LEADING POSITION. TEAS. REPRESENT THE BEST VALUE. TEAS. GIVE GREATEST SATISFACTION. TEAS. OF SUPREME EXCELLENCE.

We have many thousands of regular customers. and wa know from past experience that those whe try our TBAS tQr the first time generally become constant users-. We have every confidence in the worth cf our THA.i. an 3 past resu.ts justify the high opinion of their value. UNEQUALLED FOR

PURITY,

ECONOMY, AND FRAGRANCE.

LEADING PRICES :-

Is. 20., ls. 4g., h. 6D., 1. 8D.% AND is. 10D., per lb.

LOCAL BRANCH, "ti BUTTERNI ARKET STREET.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TUE EXVNIINEII.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SEPTEMBER Bth 1899

Tax remarks at Plymouth Social Re.forms and on the difficulties in the Trades Unions. way of getting social re- forms are true enough. Given a subservient major- ity, a collection of items, with no serious desire for legislation, and it becomes evident that only the measures of the Government will stand a chance of passing, and that other matters will be in the way of bills intended to improve the condition of the people of England. The electors themselves cannot escape some share of the blame. They make the House of Commons, and if it be listless and indifferent it is because they have returned the wrong men to Parliament. The Trades Unions are a great social power, and they are always in advance of the unorganised trades. Do they always realise the responsibility of such a position? They have to regard the views of their less ad- vanced brethren and they have to appeal to the workers on lines that will attract attention. If the results are unsatisfactory there must be some de- fect in the method adopted. The educational plans are not succeeding,and there is some lack of soli- darity. It would be well if a little attention were given to this point. How is it that the Trades Congress makes so small an impression on the mass of the workers? It ought to be the Parlia- ment of labour, and all labourers ought to look up to it and to be proud to follow its directions. But, between persons who say that nothing less than militant destructive Socialism will attract and the very moderate who say the resolutions are much too political, the Congress has a difficult time of it. Still, it is generally sound on social reforms, and the problem is to discover how to improve the power of the Trades Unions and their organised Congress upon social reforms. Year after year some resolutions are submitted and passed, and yet nothing is done to carry them into eflect. The labour M.P.'s are not strong enough in the House of Commons to form a party and to influence the side to which they are generally attached. If they agree amongst them- selves to promote certain bills, and some measure of success attends them in the ballot, they have to come into collision with Government business with the desire to take away private members' time much earlier in the session than before, and with the intention to scamper through work so that when grouse shooting begins our apathetic legis- lators may wake up to the glory of the gun and the moor-side. The moor-side has killed many social reforms of late years, and it will continue to do as long as we allow it to be the determining factor in the closing up of the session. A session that began in November,had a Christ- mas recess, and an Easter recess finishing about Whitsuntide, with the House meeting at eleven in the morning and finish- ing its labours about ten o'clock at night would give us as great a legislative output as we could desire. It would be a practical, businesslike, commonsense House. Payment of members would follow the transformation of legislation into a business, and perhaps there would be fewer lawyers in Parliament and fewer of the members who re- gard the House of Commons as a club. In a word, what is aimed at is Democracy. There is no democracy at present. It exists at a Trades Con- gress; it does not exist in the House of Com- mons. Social reforms are only a moderate render- ing of that desire for transformation which would accommodate an old system to modern wants and ideas. The conversion is very sluggish,but it goes n; and what we want is to increase the pace of the conversion, and widen the range of its opera- tion.

SOME interesting fluctua- American nglaudTr t ade with • ons are taking place E. in the trade between England and the United States. They are due to the tariff, to the war, and to the general improve- ment of trade conditions in other parts. As might be expected the war with Spain has almost spent its influence,and never had the effect of disturbing trade in certain commodities. For instance, all food-stuffs have kept up well, and our orders have been going across the Atlantic with great regu- larity. Wheat and flour, cheese and butter, have maintained a high rate, and the ordinary course of the meat trade is now being resumed. It is commonly said of canned meats that they can be bought cheaper in this country than in America itself, because we receive over here all the surplus stocks. This is true of many articles of produce. When there is a glut in the market, ano it is feared that prices will fall, the surplus stocks are sent to this country. We have paragraphs about Ameri- can enterprise and the decline of trade in this country, and the American producer smiles his most pious smile, puts up his home prices, and Prides himself on hist own cleverness. The con- ditions of trade in this country mast also be

Pretty good if our large centres can take in more food. An item which sliews how cleverly an attack May be turned into an advertisement is that of Petroleum. Certain oils have been written down With prodigious exertions and arguments,but they seem to be as popular as ever. -ander the head of Petrolum only there has been an increase during the current year of four million gallons. This hardly looks as if Russian petroleum were keeping Up the -promises made on its behalf. Another alngular point is that we are depending less and less on American cotton. We obtain cotton from India and from Egypt, and we take less from America, without that fact having any marked effect upon the cotton-piece goods America takes from us. One million hundred-weight leas cotton thas been imported from the United States this year, but we have

sold to the Americans 14,000,000 more yards of cotton. piece goods. These are figures which may very well cause our cousins to engage in very serious reflections. Doubtless some considerable stocks were accumulated before the Cuban War, and they may have to be worked out. It still remains the fact that increased supplies of raw cotton reach us from non-American sources. The wool trade of the United States has been a good deal disturbed by the McKinley tariff. It was intended to be so. There was a rush to collect stocks in order to mitigate the effect of the new law, and for a time it hardly affected American, French, or our own shippers, who could put good months against bad. Events are now changing their character. Stocks are exhausted, and the wool purchases from this couatry have been double what they were last year. The records are not as good in iron, steel, hardware, and other things. The competition in America becomes keener than ever:in these articles and especially in the West Indies and South America, and even South Africa. Our individual articles are better, more durable, and more profit- able to buy, but they cost more money, and this often has the effect of inducing the customer to spend is. instead of 2s. 6d., though the is. article is of no value after it has been used a little time.

It is with pleasure that Carlyle's admirers will hear of the attempt to rehabilitate him as a seri- ous historian. The true Carlyle disciple has pro- bably never doubted the merits of the great Scot in this respect. But outside the .disciples there are widening circles of the half-read, the half indifferent, and the purely aggressive, who have accepted with promptness the nar- now verdict of some contemporary his- torians. These worthy gentlemen refuse to. admit that Carlyle has any claim to a place within the charmed circle. Who can wonder that this narrowness should be a tock of offence to the disciples who are mostly young and all impetuous. But youth and impetuosity apart, the disciples have the right to their side. Carlyle was not only an historian but a very great historian. He did not present events to us from the outside and draw therefrom more or less w:se deductions. He pourtrayed the scene for us, and revealed to us the inner life and motives of the actors. Few historians have done this. None have done it so superbly. We can admit with all cheerfulness that Carlyle's " French Revolution" contains many errors of fact. But the spirit of the book is true, the errors springing from a lack of knowledge which was only at the disposal of later inquirers. The mere finding of documents does not make a man an historian. The mere inability to find them all does not place a man outside that circle. The chief point is that Car- lyle was a serious enquirer. His output is beyond all praise. There are blemishes, but no historian is infallible.

The acetylene cycle-lamp has probably been badly used, as many things are, by the ignorant and the clumsy. There have been mishaps owing to carelessness, and to the blundering of persons who have professed to know how to handle the lamp. without having the least scientific know- ledge. Prejudices have followed, and the lamp has been condemned. The risk of allowing the light to burn out after the water supply has been cut off cannot be appreciable, though it may be a question as to whether the carbide will yield such a goodlight after it has been used for two or three short night journeys. What strikes us as vary curious is that the Admiralty should have had the boldness to bring its attention to the acetylene cycle-lamp, and to have forbidden officers in the navy from using these lamps, or retaining them on board ship. Bare science classes acetylene as a dangerous explosive, and therefore an acetylene cycle lamp on board ship is forbidden. The deci- sion manifests a care for the well-being of our ships and their crews, which promises many improve- ments. It may beget fears in other bodies, and hence the matter is of some importance. The bright light the acetylene cycle lamp casts ahead is said to be annoying to cyclists who meet it. A green shade of glass will obviate that. As for the rest, as a magistrate observed in a light case; "The light is for the public benefit, and not to enable driver or rider to see his way." This may not be the opinion of the rider however.

We are glad to see that the equanimity of the people of Stockton Heath has at last been dis- turbed by the rapid up-springing of unsightly hoardings in the district. It is a month or two since we ourselves referred to the disfigurement of the landscape by the cluster of hoardings round about the swing-bridges on the Ship Canal, but the residents in the immediate neigh- bourhood appeared unconcerned. Now, how- ever, comes a grumble, and a legitim- ate one all reasoLable people will consider it. The advertising station at Stockton Heath swing-bridge—which might be likened unto an octopus—has at last extended an arm along the canal bank facing the houses in Fairfield-road, an infliction on the residents which has called forth the complaint published in our correspondence column. It really is tithe something was done by the inhabitants; the way these hideous posting stations are being run up being nothing short of scanda- lous. They are not needed, we are certain, and the Ship Canal Company will make a popular con- cession if it refuses to let any more land in a resi- dential district for such a reprehensible purpose. The Bill-posting Company, too, might show a little consideration in the matter.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
_rr-- 1,, 4

DEATH OF A SAILOR.-FATAL FALL THROUGH A HATCHWAY.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

At the Weaver -note!, Weston Point,on Monday morn- ing, Mr. R. Dobson (deputv-enroner) held an inquest on the body of Leonard Rudolf Tonselius, a sailor, who met with his death the previous Friday by falling into the hold of the barque " Egero." Mr Frederick Myers was foreman of the jury, and Sergeant Brewster attended on behalf of the police.—The first witness called was Theophelus Bowitz captain of the barque " Egero." Be said he lived in Norway. The deceased was a Russian- Finn, and was an orditrry seaman. He had told his shipmates that he was 27 years of age. Deceased came on board at Weston Point last Tuesday and he engaged him as a seaman. About 9 o'clock on Friday night he was sitting in his cabin when he heard someone moving on deck. He beard the mate call out "Don't go in the hold." —Witness then heard something fall and the mate called out " Where are you ?" Witness went on deck and the mate got a lamp and they both went into the hold. They fourd the doccased at the bottom of the hold, lying heAde the keelsen. Blood was coming from deceased's mouth and the side of the head. Witness telephoned to Runcorn for a doctor, but deceased died before the medical man arrived. The steward and carpenter were on board, but they were in bed.—The Foreman : Why were not the hatches down P—Witness : The hatches were off to let air into the hold.—The Fore- man : Would it not have been wise to put the hatches down at 6 o'clock when the men left off work ?—Witress : There were no stringers on hoard and the hold had been open all day. —William Holland, mate on the "Egero," said he did not know the deceased ard had not seen him until last Monday. On Friday at 9 p.m. he was in the forecabirt and heard someone ealling for a boat. He went on deck and heard someenie coining from the aft part of the ship. Witness shented to him to be car ful he did not fall in the hold. Witness then heard a fill. He got a light as quick as possible and went down the hold and the cap- tain followed him with another light. Deceased was lying by the keelson. His head was smashed on the right side and blood was o-zing out. They carried him to the cabin and he died directly. The Captain sent for a doctor. Be was sober and had not been ashore for four days.—P.C. Bancroft testified t-'examining the holy and finding injuries as deccribed by the witnesses. —The Coroner said it was a case of pure accident, and there appeared nothing further to say about the affair. —The jury brought in 9. verdict "that deceased died irern a fracture ot the skull caused by falling into the hold of the vessel." We understand that the Doctor summoned from Run- corn was Dr. J. B. Delany. ard in fairness to him it should he stated that he at once took a can and though driven there ppst-haste arrived on the scene when life was extinct.

CYCLRS,—Speci al ladies and Gents Machines at CI 15s. See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington. CYCLES. Premiers. £lO 103 Ex3elsiors, £l2 Os Od New Rapids. £l5 lOs 01. Sole Agent J. S. GARLAND. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINIMAL WAD:MS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINETZ, FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 8, 1899

SEWING MEETING AT BRUNSWICK SCHOOLS.

Last Tueicky afternoon and evening a most success- ful ladies sewing meeting was held at the Brunswick. street schoolroom' Runcorn. The tea was given by Mrs J. R. Frith, who also presided at table. The other ladies assisting wero Mrs G Bellamy, Mrs Rollinson, Mrs F J Norman. The company which numbered about 50 also included the following :—Rev and Mrs C W L Christien, Rev H and Mrs Morrison, Mr and Mrs A R Norman, Mr F J Norman, Mr G Bollamy,Mr T Sirnister, Mr Boote Mr and Mrs J D Jones, Mrs Simkin, Mrs Dykes, Mr and Mrs R Morris. Tea was catered for by Mrs J Nancollis, in her usual excellent fashion. The proceeds of the tea, something over £2, will be given to the St. Paul's Chapel fund, _ .

RUNCORN U RBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The usual monthly meeting of the above Council was held at the Town Hal, on Thur9day morning when there were present. F Wis wall, (chairman), W Handley, D Bisbrown, J Swetman, E Ims in. J W Lightburn, R H Posnett, S Walton, T Jones, J H Kirk- ham, F A Lake (clerk), E MarFhall (secretary), James Wilding (surveyor), and Dr. F McDougall (medical officer.)

===== 0002601_18990908_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

NEW RECTOR FOR ST. EDWARDS. We learn that the Bishop of Shrewsbury (Dr. Allen) has appointed the Rev. Father Chambers, of St. Wer- bugh's Church, Chester, to be Rector of St. Edwards Catholic Mission, Runcorn, in place of the Rev. H. B Gore. _

ST. JOHN AMBULANCE CLASSES.

. _ The Committee of the St. John Ambulance Association met on Monday evening at the surgery of Dr. Mc. Dougall, High-street, Runcorn. It was decided to carry on lectures and instruction classes during the winter as in the past years. A suggestion that the Wheel Ambu- lance be stationed at the Mersey Mission was also considered, and subject to certain conditions the ambu- lance will be stored there for the future. A further meeting will be held shortly for . the arrangment of details.

, THREE CONVICTIONS WITHIN THE WEEK.

John Flalierty-, was brought up in custody charged with b.ing drunk in Halton-road on the sth of Septem- ber.—fie pleaded guilty and on the evidence of P.C, Wilson was committed for seven days.—This was the third conviction against the prisoner within the week. Being first fined 53. then committed for seven days, and again on the very day he came out of prison was sent for a further seven days. THE LARGEST FISH. YET!

Whilst a number of the Rune3rn Anglers Association were fishing up the canal on Monday morning, at a spot where, at the commencement of the season the Associa- tion had turned ha a number of young trout about 2 to 3 ounces weight, Mr. Evan Evans, successfully landed two beautiful fish, one weighing 19i ounces, and the other 14 ounces, both in prime condition. The fish we are told, have been weighed in as specimens. We would add that the other members of the company included Messrs. S. Bailey and Charles Boyle, by a strange co- incident, the gentlemen who held the record previous to that catch.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
A GIRL KNOCK= DOWN BY A CYCLIST.

About 7.30 on Monday evening, Mr. William Ellison, of Leinster-gardens, was riding his bicycle down High- street, Runcorn, when a girl named Walton, aged nine, was in the act of crossing the street. The cyclist blew his whistle, but the chill being deaf did not heed the alarm, and the resuit was that before Mr. Ellison could pull up he collided with her and was thrown from his machine. The child was picked up,and carried home to Ellesmere-street, where it was found that its injuries consisted of a bruised elbow and crushed thumb. For- tunatolv no bones were broken. Mr. Ellison appeared to have escaped without serious injury,

AN IMPITDENT AND DIIIINiEN- PRDLAti.

James Hull, hailing from Wigan, and described as a pedlar, was brought up in custody before Mr. G. L. Davies last Thursday morning, at Runcorn, charged with being drunk in Shaw-street the previous day.— Prisoner, in answer to the charge said he had some beer but was not drunk.—Mrs.Fanny Spencer stated at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon she was seated by her front door, when ths prisoner, who was drunk, came up to her and asked her to buy some buttons. t4he said "No thank TOLL I don't require any."—The prisoner then used vile language to her.—Ann Harding, a neighbour, corroborated.—P.C. Wilson stated the women com- plained to him, and at about 7 o'clock he apprehended .he prisoner in a lodging•house. He took him to the police station, but prisoner denied all knowledge of the aff air. The witnesses were then called, and identified him ac; the man who had insulted them.—Prisoner stated he was not drunk, and did not use bad language any time.—Committed for 7 days.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOATING CLUB RAM.

The Rune )rn Boating Club, on Saturday last, con- ducted a nomber of successful races, on the Weaver Canal and River, which were witnessed by a large num- ber of friends and supporters of the club. Toe premier attraction was undoubtedly a silver cup presented by Mr. C. N. Irven. of Dutton Lodge, which went to the winner of the open skiff competition. W. A. Milliner ( ecrePary) won the cup, J. Speakman running him close in the final heat, the latter receiving as rower up the second prize of gold centre silver medal. Much in- terrst was also evinced in the "Sweetheart" race,which att,r most exciting heats was finished by A. W. Wis- wall and W. Thomas a dead heat. It being dusk,places were tossed for. Wiawall taking first prize, travelling bag., and Thomas,,et of carvers. The club fours had to be postponed a week for want of time. WESTON SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The cadet section of the Order of the Sons of Temper- ance, Weston branch, held their annual treat on Satur- day, in a field kindly lent by Mr. Dunbabin, G.W.A. There were over 90 cadets present. Various games were indulged in until three o'clock, when racing commenced. About 4-30 a free tea was provided by the committee, and at 5-30 p.m. the deciding heats were run, and re- sulted as follows :-120 yards handicap : 1, W Ford; 2. F Kirkham; 3. .1 Leach. 80 yards handicap 1. F Talbot: 2, B Kirkham; 3, W Fryer. Sixty yards handicap : 1, C Lunt; 2, Cr A Owen ; 3, S Whitney. Girls' 60 yards handieap : 1, L Dndd ; 2, M Bennison ; 3, S Thomas. Girls' 30 yards handicap: 1, E Norton; 2. F Whitney ;3 J Brown. Half-mile race, 1 F Ford •, 2, C Houh; 3, J Brown. At the close of the races the pr.v.,a were distributed by Mr. J Brown. The com- mittee also provided each cadet with a bag of sweets and nuts. One of the most successful treats ever held lw the Order in Weston was brought to a close about 7-30 p.m. RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD MEETING.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held at the Town Hall, on l'hursday week,when there were present. Rev. Canon Maitland Wood (chairman), Messrs. James Pritchard, E. Imison, F. J. Norman, W. J. Cunningham. J. W. Lightburn (clerk), and A. Lightburn (assistant clerk).-11e Clerk reported that the Public Works Loan Commissioners had agreed to make the advance of £l,BlO for the alteration of the Granville-street Schools. This sum included not only the contract for the altera- tions, but also the cost of furnishing the schools.—On the motion of Mr. 'raison, seconded by Mr. Norman,the sal of the Board was affixed to the contract with Mr. W. Nickson for the alterations of Granville-street schools. Accounts were passed for £6Bl, including £3OB repay- ment of principal and interest on loans. It was reparted that the grants earned by the school,* were as follows : —Victoria-road Schools. £1,186 t!ps.; Victoria-road Even- rig Schools, £7B 153. ; Mill-brow Schools, £99 15;. ed.— Mr. Norman drew attention to the nee i of proper venti- lation for the Board room, and pointed out that as the buildings were undergoing renovation the present would be a good time to undertake the work.—On the motion of Mr. Norman, sPconded by Mr. Cunningham. it was decided to bring the matter under the notice of the Dis- trict Council. SUSPBCTS REMANDED AT RUNCORN.

Bofore Mr. John oAleston. at the Runcorn Occasional Court, an Tuesday, John Carter and Annie Oldtield, of no settled residence were brought up on suspicion charged with stealing two silver watches and chain, the property of some Person or persona unknown.—P.C. Carrington deposed to arresting the prisoners, who had been pledging one of the watches on account of his be- ing unsatisfied with the explanation as to how they be- came nosseased of them.—The prisoners were remanded. Alice Hopley, of Helsby, for being drunk and disorderly was fined 10a. or seven days in default.—The 0491 was proved by Constable Nicholas who stated he found the woman in that condition in Mersey-street the previoua day. John Carter and Annie Oldfield were again brought up before Mr. G. L. Davies, on Thursday morning.— Inspector Hicks asked that the charge of larceny be withdrawn and the prisoners dismissed. Inquiries had been made at Warrington where the prisoners had stated he purchased the articles, and the police of that place gave the man a good character they traced the purchase of one watch and chain but the watch of Sims manufac- ture they could not trace.—With regard to till wornan Old field the Warrington police knew no god of her.— The priBoners were dischargel —Cuter was thenon the evidence of Constable Carrington, and Servant Gill. fined 5a for being drunk, on the 4th of September.— Prisoner said if it had not been for the watches he would not have been locked-up, and wauld have left the town before anyone noticed be was drunk.

Sr. PAUL'S CHURCH CHOIR SERMONS.

Last Sunday the annual choir sermons were preached at St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, by the Rev. Humphrey Morrison, the new minister for the Runcorn Circuit. In the morning the Rev. gentleman delivered a very in• structive discourse from Isaiah lx. 31,"They shall mount up with wings a 3 eagles ; they shall run and not he weary ; and they shall walk and not faint." He said there was something at first sight somewhat strange in the method of progress the passage indicated. It seemed far more natural to start with the walk, and then th, race, and then the flight. Yet this order was true to spiritual life. It was first the flight, and then the race, and then the walk. In the former there was a certain intensity of emotion. This kindling of the emotions was to he found in modern history in early Christianity, especially in the Chutch at Corinth, and in the history of the Old Testatment prophets. In the early stages of prophetic work there was the dance, and physical excitement. hut this gradu- ally gave place to a spirital calm- They should not mnder-estimate the emotiona, but, at the same time, they should not over-estimate them. In the second stage they touched ground. As persnee advanced in spiritual life they became more sympathetic with the world and and with men. They could say in the oft quoted words. "I am a man, and whatever touches man touches me." He did not think there was that kindly sympathy with the world that there might be. The world was far too much the vain, delusive world. That, however, wan hardly the feeling of Jesus Christ. The sons of God had no need to walk on stilts. There was also a danger to relapse into lethargy after special efforts. In the third stage he thought Christians grew more modest as they grew older. They had learnt to say there were certain things of God they would never know. The problems of predestination and free will they had learnt to leave alone. One grand feature of the time was the study of the Bible. It was yet a new book to many revie. Biblical criticism had made it a living message from God. The great problem was " How could they take the teaching of Jesus and apply te life ?" The choir sang very effectively the anthems "0 Rive thanks" (E V Hall); "Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem" (E V Hall) ; " Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way ?" (G Elvey) ; quartett, "God is a spirit," Messrs Kniveton and Birkett, Misses Crosby and Simkin. The collections were very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOY'S MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.

On Tuesday afternoon a little boy aged seven, son of Mr. George Turner had a miraculous esc ipe from being severely injured, if not killed outright. It appears that, as the Or-operative Stores bread cart was proceeding through High-street, the little boy ran beliind and began to swing with the result that his legs got entangled in the apckes of the wheel and he was wound up underneath the cart. Hearing the cries of the little orie the driver had the good sense to stop, or without doubt the youngs:ers legs would have been cut off. The horse was then taken out of the shafts to prevent its starting and efforts were made to get the little boy extricated. It was not however until Dr. McDougall appeared on the scene that this was successfully accomplished. Then it was found th it except a little crushing the boy had marvellously escaped all injury. He is now all right, save for a little discolouration on the right leg. RECEPTION OF THE NEW MINISTER AT HALTON.

_ The Trinity Chapel, Halton, on Wednesday sheltered an immense gatherin., assembled for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. Humphrey Morrissn, who comes to take charge of Halton-road, Halton Trinity, and Preston Brook Chapels la the Runcorn Circuit. Mr. Morrison, we understand, comes from the Hebden Bridge Circuit, Yorkshire, with the highest credentials. The proceed- ings of welcome were preceded with a well-served tea, at which the attendance was exceptionally large. Then followed a meeting in the Chapel, presided over by Mr. J. R. Frith (Runcorn), who was supported on the plat- form by the Revs. C W. L. Christien, J. A. B. Malvern, H. Morrison (the g Jest of the evening), Messrs. A. R. Norman and G. Bellamy (circuit stewards), F. J. Nor- man, J. M. Frith, R. H. Posnett, James Looker, &c.—A most cordial welcome was extended to Mr. Morrison,and the speakers referred in eulogistic terms to the work of the Rev. J. R. Clifton (their late pastor), and hoped their new minister would meet with equal if not greater success.—Mr. Morrison, responding, expressed the great pleasure that hearty reception had given him, and promised to do his very best whilst amongst them, and especially amongst the young.—During the evening special pieces were sung by the Halton-road and Halton Trinity combined choirs, under the conductorship of Mr R. Yates, the anthems "King of Kings," and "Rejoice and give thanks," being especially effective. Miss Shaw's solo was also greatly appreciated. The organists were Messrs. R. Johnson and R. Sutton. The success of the gathering was due in a great measure to the valu- able assistance received from the friends at Runcorn and Preston Brook.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RIINCOI6

[By A CORRESPONDENT.]

The Urban District Council, on Thursday, con- firmed the Committee's report for the extension of the Runc)rn Cemetery at a cost of about £BO, by which means a decidedly economic policy has been carried out for once. The alteration will be prac- tically the first step in the direction of annexing the adjoining field by the removal of the shrubbery and re-arrangement of walks on that side of the Cemetery; work that would have to be done when ,he field was annexed By doing it beforehand, how- ever, the Council save practically the whole £BO they intend spending, in additional rent.

I do hope that the Cemetery Committee are going to provide further stand-pipes Iv that the grave owners cin get water for preserVing plants upon the graves in times of drought. At present, as I once before complained, the distance some of the people have to carry the water i very great. It would be a public convenience, and also one which could be provided very cheaply. This latter is a lot in its favour.

During the wintemonths,the Library Committee have decided to provide lectures upon "Books and Authors" and it is intended that they should em- brace such books and suct authors that a know- ledge of them and their work will make the general public better acquainted with the literary gems that lie stored in their own public library. The effort of the committee should be appreciated, and 1 have no doubt that it will be.

The fishing club should have the necessary " fillip, " bywhat I hear this week. C3rtain of its members (three) went abroad armed with tackle and bait and taking up their position near to some of the waters recently stocked by the club, it was not long Mote ono of them had secured a bite. The fish was, however, almost too much for him to manage but with the assistance of his brother anglers 191 ounces of fish was safely landed ; nor was this all, for shortly after, another fish almost as fine was landed. This is a true fishing story for the fish were both seen and weighed in afterwards; yet like all other " fishers," these three say they failed to land the largost, which took away both hook and bait. 'rwas ever so!

===== 0002601_18990908_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED ADULTERATED ADULTERATED MILK AT RUNCORN.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Joseph Walker, of Halton, was summoned by Albert Timmins, of Chester, an inspector of weights and measures, for that on the 31st of July (by the hands of William Whitby, his servant or agent), unlawfully did sell to him a pint of milk, which was adulterated with 3 per cent. of water, and was not of the nature and substance and quality of the article demanded by the purchaser ; also with a similar offence in which the percmtage of added water wee alleged to be 4 per cent.—Arthur Rogers, of Egerton-theet, Runcoin was also summoned for a similar offence in which it was alleged 9 per cent.of water was added ; and Margaret Ellison, grocer, of Bentinck- street, was also similarly indicted, the percentage being in her case alleged as 7 per cent.—The woole of the defendants pleaded not guilty. In the first ease heard Alfred Timmins. inspector of weights and measures for the County of Cheshire, said on Monday last at lit o'clock in the morning, he was at Runcorn, and went to the shop of Mrs. Ellison, in Bentinck-street, Runcorn, and saw Mr. Walker's man about to deliver milk to Mrs. Ellison. Be intervened and asked to purchase a pint of milk from William Whitby. He was supplied with the milk for which he paid lit Then he told Whitby that he was an inspector of weights and measures, and had purchased the sample of milk under the Fond and Drugs Act, and that it was his intention to submit the milk to the public analyst for the purposes of analysis. He offered to divide the sample into three parts in accordance of the Act, to which course Whitby agreed. Than he divided the milk into three portions each of which was sealed and latched in Whitby's presence. One portion he gave tea Whitby for his master; a second por- tion he now produced to the Court,and the third portion he submitted to Dr. Ctrter Bell, public analyst, who I issued the certificate produced stating : "This milk con. i tains three per cent of added water."—By Mr. Burton : Three per cent was big enough of a percentage Witnesa did not kecov whether the season had anything to do with it ; he was not an authority upon the subject —Mr. Burton: But you have heard it suggested. (Laughter.) —Questioned whether the stirring up would not make a difference in the milk, witness said it would make no difference as the cart had to go along the road and the tnilk got thoroughly mixed. For the defence Mr. Burton contended that there were various decisions linen these analyses, but there was no recognised standard of percentage of water taken. Water, being one of the natural ingredients of milk, made it very difficult to determine what they had to answer. The sample was '6B per cent, of the lowest figure shown in the Local Government Board reports. Mr. Timmins pointee out that the certificate was ample. It was a charge of" added water " and not of abstractine cream. Had it been the latter of course the analvsit would have put in the perce tags of " fat:y solid."—ln answer to the Bench Mr. Timmins added that the public snelyst arrived at a normal standard.and was always assisted by the inspectors, and could have a sample from the cows if necesiary.—Mr.Burton objected to any reference of that kind.—The Inspector further pointed out, that although the Percentage was 'iSB above the lowest figure of the Local Government Board report, it was nearly two per cent, below the highest figures queted.—The maeirerates after some consideration ad- journed the whole four cases, for the attendance of the analyst. They observing th.,:t Foam further I widence respectine the "certificates " was requisite before the case could be decided upon its merits.

The proprietors of the Roy:1 Oak Soap Works tender their apologies to their patrons for any incenvenienne that may hive been felt in getting their Coupons for free Tablets of Britannia Herb So ap exchanged. This has boon due to the excessive call tor these Tabl-ts and the makers beg to Intimate that they have now very considerably increased their plant in this department to cope with the growing demand so that no furthe, delay will be experienced. They ake this opportunity of mentioning that they have now ntroduced a best Pink Carbolic Soap under the brand " Giant Oak" with which the free tablets of Herb Soap are Riven aatt_te as with the Royal Oak. Everybody should use hese hich class snaps.—Advt. SECOND HAND CYCLES, LARGE QUANTITY for SALE or HIRE,—J, S. G &BLAND, Bridge-street, War- rington,--Advt. MOURNING: W. T. WILLIAMS makes a Speciality of Family and Compiimentary Mourning. Choice Matetials and High Class Dressmaking at Moderate charges. 74, SANKEY-STREET AND 1, LFGH-STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PREVALENCE OF DIARRHOEA.

Dr. McDougall reported the number of deaths during the past month amounted to 56, two of which were in- quest cases, and of the remaining 54 deaths, twenty-six were due to diarrhaaa, three to heart dibease, two to premature birth, three to cancer, two to phithisis, two to disease of brain, two to epilepsy, five to mesenteric disease, two to senile decay, and one each to jaundice, enteric fever, collapse, coma, paralysis, pneumonia, and one to inflammation of the living :nembrane of the brain. Twenty-eight of the deaths were of infants under 12 months. The fifty-six deaths show an average death rate of 37•3 of the estimated population, and, exclusive of inquest cases, of 35.4. Forty five births were regis- tered. For the corresponding perioi last year 28 deaths and 54 births were registered. Mr. D. Bisbrown referred to the extraordinary high rate of deaths from Jiarrhcea, and asked the medical officer whether there was any signs of its diminution. Dr. McDougall replied that diarrhcea not being a notifiable diseae he could not exactly tell ; but he thought it was decreasing. lie attributed it chiefly to the recent hot wcattier experienced. The greatest per centage of such deaths were amongst the aged and the young, and they could not stand the weather upon any kind of diet.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CEMETERY EXPENSES.-AMOUNT OF PRECEPTS.

The Markets and Cemetery Committea recommended that a precept be served OD the overseers of the poor for £lB5 for the six months ending 31st March next, for the repayment of loans, and a precept for £lO5 f r cemetery expenses for the same period ; also that the Seal of the Council be affixed to such precepts.

THE EXTENSION OF THE CEMETERY.-A POLICY OF

ECONOMY.

• The Markel and Cemetery Committee further reported " that when it recommended the Council to 3 give notice t) the occupier of the field adjoining the cemetery to ter- minate the tenancy the intention was to use the field as a burial ground owing t 3 the available space of certain sections in the cemetery being almost exhausted. It is found, however, that by re-arranging certain paths and borders, provision could be made for between 400 and 500 graves so that the field reed not 13?, included for a few years to come. It was therefore recommended that the paths and borders on the west and south side of the cemetery be re-arranged and that the border and shrub- bery on the east side alongside the field be reduced in accordance with a plan they submitted. The cost of the alterations was estimated at £80."

Mr. Handley in proposing the minutes of the Market and Cemetery Committee referred to minute (a) (b) being simply automatic ; but with regard to the minute (c)—that relating to the alteration of the Cemetry, per- haps one or two little explanations were necessary. A a few months ago it was the intention of the committee to advise the expenditure of several hundred pounds upon the enlargement of the cemetery, but consequent upon a sub-committ,,e of the committee going and visiting the spot, it was seen that by a very slight re- arrangement, in accordance with a suggestion of Mr. Wilding's. their surveyor, the wants of the district could bc met for some years at an estimate expenditure of £BO. Mr. liisbrown seconded.

Mr. Imison did not agree with Mr. Handley about such matters as the first two minutes, one of which entailed a sum of £lO5 for cemetery exnenses,beity.; called antoma.- tic ; and if they were to consider such matters as automatic, it was well that the ratepayers should be in- formed of it. He thought that the occasion was perhaps a favourite one to call attention to the enormous expen penditure taking place in the cemetery department since the Council had undertaken it. Drawing comparisions between the two administrations, Mr. Imison contended that during the four years the Council had the manage ment of the Cemetery the sanitary expenditure had gone up. During the last four years the Cemetery was controlled by the Burial Board the total expenditure was some £6OO, while during the first four years the Council controlled the Cemetery—the four years just passed— the expenses reached no less a sum than £B5O out of the poor rates. Continuing his argument Mr. Imiann sub• mitted figures which he called uncontrovertible and which clearly showed that the cost of administration was dgher._ _ _ _ _

Mr. Handley stated he considered there was nothing to reply, to. He could only say they had been obliged to meet extraordinary expenses which fully accounted for the increase.

• Mr. Kirkham was entering into details showtug that the Burial Board had neglected their duty by not repaying their loans,and that the C)uncil had applied to the Local Government Board for permission to barrow the money but were refused and told they would have to meet the expense out of current rate, when the Chairman observed that the matter was not open for argument. The minutes were then confirmed. THE TECHNICAL SCHOOLS.-CHEAPER FRENCH.

The Technical Instruction Committee recommended that a class in Naval Architecture bo held, an that Mr. F. C. Dales, of Birkenhead, be appointed teacher at a salary of £l2 for the Feßsion and 3463 oxpenses for each lesson ; that Mr. W. E. Dudley be appointed teacher of shorthand at the rate of 5. per lesson ; also, that the fee for the French Class be 3s. per session.

GILCIIRIST LECTURES FOR THE WINTER.

On the recommendation of the Library Committee, it was unanimously decided that the rfth annual report of the Committee be adoptel. It was a'sl decided that a course of free lectures on " books and authors "be given during the winter, and that applicttion be made to the Gilchrist Trust for a course of lectur:s for the winter of 101. TIIE STRONG ROOX.--.& COST OF £lOO.

The Chairman announced that the Local Government Board had forwarded their sanction to the Council for the borrowing of £lOO for a strong room, he was sure they would all be pleased. Mr. Imison questioned whether it was not the practice of the Local Government Board to decide upon those matters themselves and not to hold a public inquiry. That was, he took it, that the Local Government Board considered themselves the most competent to judge whether the Council should have a safe case for the cus- tody of its property,and did not allow the caprice k,f the ratepayers to interfere in matters of that kind, though they objected, as was instanced some time ago in the case of the overseers when they required some plans,etc. The Chairman said it was so. Mr. Handley also fully confirmed Mr. Imison, remark- ing he was one of the overseers at the time. The Chairman observed it was evident the Local Government Board had confidence in the authority, and did not think it necessary to hold an inquiry.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RETIREMENT OF CA.PTAIN HUTCHINSON, V.D.

The "London Gazette "of Tuesiay evening con- tains the following announcement :—lst Volunteer Battalion, the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment),Quartermaster and Honorary Captain T. Hutchinson resigns his C)mmission ; also he is permitted to retain his rank, and to con- tinue to wear the uniform of the Battalion on his retirement. Dated 6th September, 1899. Cant sin and Quartermaster Thomas Hutchinson,V.D., hes been connected with the Warrington Volunteer Corps since its formation, and his retirement, after such long and faithful services, deserves more than a passing notice. No man has shown more interest in the volnn- teer movement than h'e has done, and it is hoped the occasion will not be allowed to pass without some practical recognition being shown in Warrington of the respect entertained for him. Mr. Hutchinson, who is also an alderman of the borough,a position he his occu- pied for many years, attended the meeting held in the old Council Chamber in Market-street in May, 1859, for the purpose of considering the desirability of forming a volunteer corps in Warrington. The chair was occupied by the late Mr. Benjamin Pier- point (father of the present member of the borough),and amongst those present at a well-attended meetine were Mr. J. Fenton Greenall (late Colonel of the Warrington Corps, and who was succeeded by Lieutenant-Colonel Ridgway), Major Gilbert Greenall, Major Pickmere, Mr. W. H. Revnoldm. Major Litton, and others, all except Colonel Greenall having since gone to their rest. From 'soto 60 men joined the corns the first night, Captain Hutchinson's number being 24, and we believe he is the only living velnnteer who Was connected with the corps at that period. Ours was the 9;h corps formed in Latina- shire, and it here the name of the 9;h Lancashire until a few years ago, when it was chanced to the less con- venient and lengthy name of the " Ist Volunteer Battalion. Priece of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment)." which it still bears. The strength gradually increased—fluctuating at times, of course, as may he expected— now being shout 700, but there are grounds for hope that b -fore may years have elapsed it will be in- crossed to the more reepec:Able total of 1,000. We have a population of 63,000 and there is no reason why more eligible men should not be found to act as citizen soldiers There are seven companies—A,B,C,D,E,F,G—The last named being the Newton-le-Vvillowe contingent. But to return to the Captain. He was, of course, enrolled firet as a private, and was subsequently appointed corporal, sergeant, colour-sergeant. and qeartermester sergeant, while in 1884 he was appointed quartermaster.a position he held for five years, when his services were rewarded by being made honorary captain. tle obtained his V.D. (volunteer decoration) severhl years ago "for long Her- vices to the corps," and it was a well-leserved recogni- tion. The first uniform was green, but it was after- wards changed to scarlet. Captain Hutchinsen's duties as quartermaster have been exceedingly onerous when in camp, but they have been well and conscientiously discharged, able assistance in this connection having been rendered him by Quartermaster Sergeant Potter, who, it is hoped, will succeed his late chief. Captain Hutchinson will carry with him in hie retirement the best wishes of his numerous frienis.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRADES AND LABOUR :MUNCIE'.

SPECIAL MEETING.

A special meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held at the" Waggon and Horses "Inn, on Tuesday evening for the purpose of receiving the report of the Delegate to the annual meeting of the Federation of Lancashire Trades and Labour Councils held at Manchester. Mr. C. Maks, who was the delegate, occupied the chair, and there were also present: Messrs Downs, Grifflihs,Grealy T Rigby,Leach, Plumb, Willcock,Weaver, it.•'ambrook E Plinston, Ibbot, Fargher, Battersby (secretary to the Filesmiths' Association). and Bullock (secretary of the council.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TEI DELEGATE'S REPORT.

The CHAIRMAN read his report which was 39 follows: " I have much pleasure in submitting to you my report of the proceedings of the meeting held in the rooms of the Y.M.C.A., Manchester, on July 29:h, as delegate from this council to the annual meeting of the Federa- tion of Lancashire Trades and Labour Councils. These meetings are a source of enlightenment to the majority of workers, for they deal with subjects far beyo.id the ordinary scope of a single society. We as members get a knowledge of the different workings of trades other than our own, and link friendship and sympa- thy with all true and honest workings. Great is our work as a Council, arid in doing this work we must expect no recompense, but do it with a love, to bring about a better state of things for the world at large. In reference to the old-age pension scheme, many and various ways have been tried to bring it before the members of Parliament, but it has been sug- gested that the scheme be thoroughly studied by Trades Councils, and then when they are prepared to state or suggest a case to invite the Member of the Borough and other officials in c,annection with friendly societies to take part ill a friendly discussion to test their feelings in regard to the scheme. The Cheap Trains Act was passed in 1883. All railway fares not exceeding a penny a mile are exempt from passenger duty, and fares exceeding that rate for journeys beeweea stations in the Urban districts pay a duty of 2 per cent. only, instead of the ordinary 5 per cent. These conceesions by the railway companies were made under cer- tain conditions which appear in Section 3 of the act and include the provision of proper and sufficient workmen trains for workmen going to and returning from work at such fares and at such timea between six o'clock in the evening and eight in the morning as appear to the Board of Trade to be reasonable. As regards London itself complaints were made and Mr. Lough, chairman of the Executive Committee wrote to the President of too Board of Trade drawing his atten- tion to the railway companies deficiencies. I must state here that attention is being given to this subject in Manchester and the outlying districts and comrnuniea• Lions are passing between the Manchester City Council who have taken up the case, and the Manchester and 8 alfordiTrades and Labour Council and they will insist upon the Railway Companies putting on more work- men's trains at convenient prices or if not take the case before the Railway Commissioners or Boar I oi Trade as the Leneon Reform Union have done. This conces- sion of cheap trains would not only be a boon to the workmen themselves but also a great help to the employers wile have to seek employees from out-lyine districts. Therefore a co-operatioa of em- ployees and employed would act as a stimu! eus ie brieg- ing about the urgently needed reform. The Federation of Lancashire Trades and Labour Cnincils ask you to pass a resolution re the workmen's trains to the Board of Trade." •

===== 0002601_18990908_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPUTATION FROM THE BRICKLAYERS' ASSOCIATIIN.

The Secretary said he was sorry to interrupt, but since the last meeting he had been communicated with bylthe Brickla7ers' Association, who wished to knew if they ceuld attend that meeting. He had written to the Chairman about the matter and he said that he cluld Se ' no reason why they should not attend the meting as it was public. He (the Secretary) thought th-‘y wo.ild in all probability join their association to the Council. The CHAIRMAN: I think we are pretty well aisurel of their amalgamation next week. (Hear, hear.) No one objecting, the deputation was then admittel. The SECRETARY said that he had invited the deniva- tion to listen to what was said at the meeting. Ho did not know whettyir they had anything to ask, bet probi- bly they would want some inform tzloa with regard to th filesmiths' strike.

The CIZAIRINUN said they were very glad to welcome the deputation. They wanted a thorough am algamation of trades in Warrington, so that the Council woold be complete. He thought they would soon enclose in thir circle all the trades in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMLN then read the report of the National Committee of organiz-d labour on the subje.:t of Old Age Pensions which stated that very little had been done with regard to the question, beyond the taking of evidence by Parliamentary Committees. The evidence however,had at least emphasised thelurgent nature of the duty imposed upon them, for it brought to light the fact that of two millions of their fellow citizeni over the age of 65 nearly one third were compelled in the course a year to apply for parish relief and a further third were not above the possibility of beoding help ; he also read a speech by Mr. Charles &vat] at a conference hAd at Birmingham, explaining the subject. The reading of beth papers was attentively listened to. TUE TILT:SMITHS' STRIKE.

Mr. BRAMITZMY,On behalf of the Bricklayers' Acsociation said that a week last Saturday they had a meting abiut the Filesmiths dispute. It Was suggested that a small weekly levy could be obtained from the members of the Association and from all trade winionists. The question was raised as to how the; ghoul I get it, and it was eventually decided that they should attend that meeting to gain some information on the subject. If the Council could afind themany information they

===== 0002601_18990908_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- . - '7 7 "

===== 0002601_18990908_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
" WARRINGTON EXAMINER SERIES" COUPON, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899. OUR FOOTBALL CO NIPE rrnoN. £5O for 12 correct results ; £2O for 11 correct results (if £5O is not won) ; £l5 for next best if neither £5O nor £2O is won ; £5 for next best (if £5O or £2O is won) ; £2 10s. to the sender of the most Coupons.

An Aggregate Prize of _.so will be awarded the Competitor Aggregate Prize who scores the greatest number of points during the SW .50 ZFE season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the ~"50 prize will be credited with 4 must be won. points; the ~20 prize 3 points; the ,‘to prize 2 points; and the L-5 prize z point.

(20 Coupons for SHILLING P. 0.; If in Stamps EACH OF THE NUMBERS BELOW REPRESENTS A (

, 15 are required.) :OUPON.

MITCRES PLAYED SEPTEMBER 16.

1 Bverton v 2 Aston Villa ....

1 Stoke v 2 Preston N.E. ...

1 Notts. County v 2 Wolverhampton W.

1 Sunderland v 2 Burnley ... ...

1 Lincoln Q. v 2 Gainsbora' •••

1 Small Heath v 2 Chesterfield ... ..

1 Grimsby v 2 Walsall ... ••• •••

1 Milwall A. v 2 Gravesend ...

1 Warrington v 2 Stockport •••

1 Halifax v 2 Manningharn ...

1 Peny-cralg v 2 Devonport Albion

1 Bristol V 2 Portsmouth ...

===== 0002601_18990908_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIES COTIPO

'ON EXAMINER"

Each Club is numbered 1 or 2. All the Competitor has to do I space provided. If a draw is intended put X. —NOTE.—Don't cut the Coup, This Competition is run in conjunction with the "Competition E

Is to repeat the number of the Club he selects to win in

Inn into strips, send the complete form. Key."

NAME

ADDRESS

CONDITIONS.

I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more then one free coupon, unclose Id. stamp for every °that* coupon used. One shilling postal Order must be enclosed if all the coupons on above sheet are used. Any number of coupons can be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—ln the event of more than two of the matches not being played on the date given. the £5O prize will not be awarded. 4.—The coupons must be forwarded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to be endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delivered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope tears Weelnesday's postmark, It will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. 5.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Order (if any), and num— ber of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fee will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7, —All attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in in the next competition, so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors. 9. —The results will appear in the first issue following the result of the matches.

should be very pleased. The CHAIRMAN said that the engineers had put the matter before the Executive Council but had not yet re- ceived any communication from them. They ha I been making weekly collections at the shops and works. Mr. Barrkesrir said that as secretary of the File- smith,' Association, be most point out that Warrington so tar as levies were concerned, was behind other towns. In Sheffield the karriers and platterPrs had levied so much a week if and towns so far distant were doing this, it looked a little arena° that they had not done it in War- rington. The wiredrawers and the builders deserved credit for sencling donations, and that the bricklayers were present that evening sboswd that they were trying to do something. The SECRETARY said that the idea of the bricklayers W 45 to see if the Council had any general scheme with regard to the filesmiths' dispote• They had note general scheme, and it was entirely left to the branches to do what they liked. They had no jurisdiction to make any rules as to what they should ; they could only suggest.

'file CHAIR:VAN said that tbeenginAers' branch societies were not allowed to make levies unless they had boon given permission from the general offica. Mr. BRIDBUIZY said that the bricklayers had been talking ab )ut the matter that night and they thought the best thing to do would be to levy so imucth a week on all trade unionists in thi town. That would realise a substantial amount. (Hear, hear.) He could no: say what amount should be levied but he thought it ihould be kept rather small. The collecting with books got at some who were riot members of the s aciety bat many thought it wee rather an objectionable way to obtain the money. It bad been proposed t levy threepence a week.

Mr. BarrEnsßr vaid they received threepence a week frmn ttw wire drawer; and also from the farriers of Sheffield.

The CHAIRMAN thollgilt it would be well for all socie- ties to levy threepence a week. The sum would be sub- stlntial.

Mr. BATTERSBY said they would like the Council to pass a resolution to the effect that all trades levied that Amount. With regard to the colecting with books, it had d:n3A a great deal of good. Toe books brought in about £7 a week and that was net to 1)3 despised. Mr. WiLcocz s'ad the general idea was that the Trades Cauncil dominated all tr,des unionists in the to-.va. That was not the Ca3'2.19 the Council e3uld re- commend the carrying out of anything, but had nes power to enforce it. They could not pass a resolution to put a levy on any trade union's:s. Mr. BATTERSBY said that: %OW the brick'ayers desired was, that they shoull not be the only ones t 3 pay a levy, but that the Council recommend that all tracks uni,nists pay so much.

Mr. RIGBY thought if there was a levy on all societieg. th 9 filesiniths would have a substantial income to rely upon.

was eventually r•iolverl on the motion of Mr. Skx- BROOK, seconded by Mr. WILCOCK, that A recommenda- tion trum the Council be sent to s3cieties recommending nem to levy so much par week.

CHEAP TRAINS FOR WORKINGMEN. The SECRETARY M.)VOLI tho following resolution : " That we, tEi Warrington Trades and Labour Commit fulls, endorse the action takbn hy the Manchester and Salford Trader an:l Ltbour Council re workingmen's trains, and hope the Board of Trade or Railway Com- missioners a-ill gra It the cincAsion which is urgently needed."

rrle CHAIRMAN explained that the concession was th it more train 3 be run b tween the hours of six in the even- ing loci eight in the morning, and that the fares be chearor to enable a man te get I. o his work with better facil ty in AL.in raiog. Mr. WlLLcocx seconded the motionmand it was carried unanimously.

THE DELEGATE THANKED. Mr. Wincocx proposed that the dekigates' account of the meeting of the Federatien be accepled, end that the toes', toanks of the Council be given the delegate for his attendanc.s and splendid root) t on the meezing. Mr EDWARD PLTNSTN s coridecl. lie said that the Chairman as delegate hal given them a very exhaustive report of th,, procoaditigl. The greet matter of import ance seemed to he the question of old-age pensions. No question was so urgent as that, to a workingman, at alt events.who looks I forward with droad t the thne when unfortunately he might b 3 compelled to seek refuge in the Workhouse, and undoubtedly all men should endeavour to kelp away from that if they possibly could. The question was, how were they going to keep away ? To his mind, the only possible way was for the Government to go un with the scheme spoken of sn mulh, and of which they had heard a great deal from Mr. Chamberlain during tie last election campaign. In fact he might sty it was one of his " bogies," but in the meantime wry little had been done. Why did they not do away with some of the abo ninahle pensions they were p tyin; t.e high ofliaials ? lithe Government awuld stand their ground as they wid if it had been for the benefit of the claises, and not the masses, they should find a solution quickly. (Hear, hear). Mr. SAMBROOK put the resolution to Mr., meeting, and it was carried unanimously. The CHAIRMAN briefly respon led, and the proceedings terminated.

NARROW ESCAPE OF A WARRINGTON CYCLIST. Mr. Arthur Wallington, of Arthur-street, War- rington, met with a serious mishap on Monday afternoon whilst cycling. He had gone with a friend to Liverpool, for the purpose of seeing the new White Star liner, the Oceanic, and was riding along Waterloo-road in the direction of the Ctinada dock, when he was knocked from his machine by a horse attached to a heavy dray. He was just able to throw himself from under the wheels, which passed over t,)e front part of his bicycle, completely wrecking it. Mr. Wallington proceeded home by train, conscious of having had a narrow escape of being killed.

Free 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ••• •• ••• ••• •• • OO . • •• •.. "WARRINGTr

===== 0002601_18990908_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIIIIMI

===== 0002601_18990908_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,tyr;

===== 0002601_18990908_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

.L 4

===== 0002601_18990908_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18990908_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
• • no,

- 6

UNSOLICITED TFSTINIONY.

No. I.—Mr. 0 wen, 1 c Main Farm, Newhereugh,wrltes as follows :—" I can give the highest praise to the Yalu. able remedy, GwiLycra-Deane Qainine Bitters. I had long suffered from Debility and Weakness, and really thought. I should never recover. My meciical men were privately of the same. opinion. Bet whee I commenced taking this Precious Medicine, to my great surprise and joy, as well as that of my family; I rapidly improved, and now feel myself quite another belne ; and I shall ever praise Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters asTae 11s: Remedy for Debility and We,kness." No. 2.—Mr. Edwards, of Williamstown. writes as fol- lows :—" I can safely say that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters have done wonders f me. After suffering for twelve months from Debility, and trying several doctors and different remelies without any benefit, I was ad- vised to try Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters, and the re- sult hag been good." No. 3.—Mr. Brooks, 89, Kelsharv-at., Liverpool, writes as follows :—" I have suffered from Indigestion and Liver Complaint for many years, but after taking the Wonderful Meiicide, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, for only two months, I am happy to say it has given me great relief." No. 4.—Mr. Evans, 41, Henry-s.,Birmiham, writes as follows :—" 1 have very great pleasure in bearing testimony to the benefit I have received from taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. I am never without a bottle in the house, and it is invaluable to me. I suffered very much from Indigestion, Nervousness, and Debility, and often I had very severe pains in my head, so that to me it has proved quite a toon, as I can rely upon it to give me relief. I confidently recommend it to every one I meet who suffers in the same way, and my recom- mendation has always proved a blessing." s,—Mrs. Kirkham. 31, Dunstall st Wolverhamp- ton,writes as follows:—"I have suffded from Indigestion and Pains in the Bead from three to four years,but after taking two bottles of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, I feel completely cured, and never felt better in my life." No. 6 —Mr. Williams, 11, Surrey-taw, Battersea, writes as blows:—" I shall not fail to r. c ennvnd Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters to all sufferers that come under my notice, as it is a Medicine that I have preyed to be more excellent even than what you profess it to be. This World-renowned Preparation is sold in bottles 2s 9;1 and 41 61 each, everywhere, or the Proprietors will forward direct on receipt of stamps to the above value, carriage free. The Sole Proprietors are The Quinice Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wale'. Beware of Imitations. This is most important. When purchasing, al ways see the name "Gwilym Evans" on I,Jbel, Stamp, and Bottle, without which mine are genuine.

BEFORE the MAGISTRATES. THE INEBRIATES' HOMES—ACTION OF THE BOR:UGH AUTHORITIES. At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks (iu the chair), and other magistrates,John Richardson, a wire worker, was charged en b. warrant with assaulting his wife Alice Richardson on the 20th August. During the hearing of the case, the chairman observed that the man seemed to be a fit subject for an inebriates' home,whereuPon the Chief Constable intormed the magistrates that he thought they would soou have a home for Warrington. The Borough Authorities were cc-operating with the County Authorities in the matter. —The evidence against Richardson was to the effect that he went borne drunk on the afternoon of the date mentioned, took up a pan and struck at his wife, who had a dying baby in her arms. He afterwards threw the pan at her and nearly hit her. She expressed a wish that he should not be sent to prison.— Mr. Browne, who appearrd for the N.S.P.C.C., said the inspector of the society had been called in by the woman and had spok at to the man several times. Ho (Mr. Browne)thought he oould hardly advise that any further proceedings should be taken against the defendant that morning. Defendant wiuld persist in running his wife. who was nursing the baby, out of the house, and the Child had since did. He hardly dare say that the man's conduct amounted to cruelty or that it had accelerated the death of the child.—The Chairman : It was heart- lessness at any rat-. Mr. Birchall : This has been going on for ten years. Drink has been the man's curse.—The Chief Constable: He gets £2 a week, and gives his wife 155.—Defendant premised to give up drinking.—Mr. Mr. Browne : The difficulty ice feel is that if the man is sent to prison the wife and children will suffer. Be will in future be very carefully watched by the Inspector. —The Chairman informed defendant that they could Send him to gaol for two months, but they would not do so because his wife would be destitute. They bad decided to fine him 103 and costs. SAVAGE ATTACK ON A WORKHOUSE PORTER. On Wednesday at the Warringtun Police Court, before Messrs. Geddes (in the chair), and Birchall, William Swann was charged, he being an inmate of the vagrant's ward at the workhouse, with neglecting to perform his work.—Mr. Basil Shearer sail that prisoner was ad- mitted to the casual ward at the workhousi the previous night. That morning the porter was putting the men to work and be refused to do anything. The porter put him in a cell, but he burst the door open, rushed at the porter,and gave him a blow on the head with a hammer. The wound bed profusely, and as they did not know how the injury would turn out, he asked for a remand until Friday.—Mr. Fernside, the porter at the work- house, said that at 7 o'clock be was putting the men to work. Prisoner woul i not do anything 60 he put him in a cell and b Ated the door. Prisoner thereupin burst the door open and hit him on the head with a hammer He was more like a madman than anything else.—Pri MI was remanded till Friday. •

===== 0002601_18990908_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROLIGEI POLICE COURT. FRIDAY. -Before the Mayor (in the chair), Couneillor Smethurst and Mr. J. rfatOlerd, NEGLECT OF CHILDREN.-The adjouraed case in which Martha Potter Watkin-street, was charged w h neglecting her children again came up for hearing. -Mr. A. Browne who appeared for the N.S.P.C.C., said that their worships would remember that the case was an extremely bad one ; but as the woman had five young children it was adjosarned to give her an opportunity cf effecting an improvement The In- spector had visited the house several times but there was practically no alteration • -Inspector Hackett said he had visited the house but there Was not the slightest improve- ment.-The magistrates came to the conclusloa to adjourn the case for a month to give defendant another chance of improving. AN ENLISTING APPRENTICE.-Cololiel E 3 H Spratt was summoned to ,how cause why an order should not be made for him to deliver to Messrs Cannington, Stem and Company Limited, St. Helens, an apprentice who had enlisted in the 3rd Kings Liverpool Regiment.-Mr Garner. solicitor, who appeared on behalf of Messrs Canni ,Jon. Shaw and Com- pany. Limited, said that he asked for an order for Colonel Spratt to deliver to them an apprentice named Richard Grimes. He was bound to them ow the Bth June. 1897. and had enlisted in the army being at present at Orford B trracke. -David Chadwick, manager of the works, said that Grimes was bound to the firm by an indenture. He saw him at Orford Barracks a week ago and he admitted having signed the indenture. They had about 350 apprentices and they found it necessary to summon them now and then to main- tain discipline. John Grimes, the boy's father having given evidence the order was made. SCENE AT THE BLACK BEAR INN.-Elizabeth Mani), 272 Knutsford-road, was summoned for assau:ting Margaret Ryan, Black Bear Inn, on August 26th. There WAS a cross- summons against Ryan for assaulting Mapp.-Ryan said that at 930 p m. on the date in question Mapp arei a friena came into the Black Bear lun, and asked for some beer. She served them and the friend gave her 23. Defendant shouted to her to bring 28 6d back again ; and she (Ryan) said "No. I should want something to do if I did." Mapp then said she would blind her. She did not take any nctice of her, and Went on serving other customers. Mapp came up to her and told her that her mother had done a month in gaol and she would douse same. She remonst•ated with defend- ant, wile got held of her (Ryan) by the hair, and assaulted her.-Mapp said that Ryan hit her, and she got hold of her hair in self defence.-The magistrates deeided to fine Mapp ss, and dismiss he case agaiust Ryan. WIFE ASSAULT. -Peter Hares, 29. Howard-street. was summoned for essaulting his wife, Elizabeth Hares. on the 26th August.- He pleaded not gully -Complainant said that on the date mentioned, her husband was " falling out" with anether man. She went to him and persuaded him to go home. Whee he got to the house he illused her. knocking her to the soot, and kicked her. The following morning he got a large knife and threatened to strike her with it.-Detec- tive Barlow said that at 11 o'clock on Saturday night he was at Sankey Bridges in company with P.C. Woods. Complainant, came to them and said her husband had assaulted her. They went to the house and spoke to defendant, about his conduct. He was more like a madman than anything else. The woman was In the street with a baby crying titter y.-A fine of 108 and costs, with the alternative of 14 days imprisonment was imposed. ASSAULT ON A BROTHER IN LAW.—Frederick Turner, West- street, was summoned for assau:ting George Rut' er, his brother-in-law on the 28th August.-Complainarit said that on the date named he went for a run on his bicycle, and on his return found his wife was not in the house. He went to her mother's to look for her, stud saw defendant in the house. He was told that his wife was not there. aud defendant said" lam here " and struck him in the eye. He had pre- viously threatened him.-Evidence having been given by the father-in-law, defendant was fined in the costs A. M iLN ASSAULTS HIS MOTHER.-Ro'wert Blielciey was fined 108 for assaulting Rosana Stokes, his mother, on Aug. 20th.-Complainant gm'a evidence to tbe effect that on the date in question defendant came to the house and asked for her husband. On being told he could cot sae him he got holtiof her by the throat, marking it. THREATS.-Jane Forster, Heath-lane, was bound over to keep the peace, and ordered to pay the costs, for threatening Elizabeth Forber, Heath lane, on the 29th August. ALL+. GED AssaarLT ON A SERVANT GIRL.-Alfred Stanway, Buttermarket-street. was summoned for assaulting Mary Taylor,l,Wilder3pool-road on the 16th August.-Mr. Jenkins, solicitor, appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. A. Browne Aefended.-Mr Jenkins said that complainant who was 16 years of age had been in the service of Mr. and Mrs. Stanway for about six months. Last Wednesday week Mrs. Stanway

BLANCHAREVG FEMALE PILLS NEVER FAIL." Are ar!!:noWedge(l 'oho tlw ouly genuine reme(lv for Correeting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare eerti.in to cure the most obstinate ease,and bring about all that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes, is. 11-d., 2s. 9d.; strong, 4s. 6d., From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from BLANCHARD,Forest Id., Daiston,London,

went to the Isle of Man for a holiday, leaving the girl to atteni to the wants of Mr. Stanway and look after two child- ren. At 10-33 on the day she went away Mr, Stanway had his silpper. and also brought a friend in the house. The girl said he was a bit tipsy, and derendant hal afterwards admitted to someone that he was drunk. At 11.15 he saw the friend out of the house. On going back into the room, he saw the girl clewing the things off the table, and put his arm round her waist and assaulted her—.lr. Jenkins having made this statement, the parties retired to consult about the matter. On returning to the court Mr. Browne said thst defenda,t admitted haying put his arm rotrid the girl's waist, but said he did not assault her. He expressed his regret at what hsd occurred and oM:red to pay the costs of the case.— Yfr, Jenkins aeceptel the apology on behalf of hi clients and the case was accordingly withdrawn on paymen of £llO. costs.

MoNue.Y.—Before 'dr. F. Monks (in the chair) Councillors Shaw Green and Smethurst, and Messrs. Birchali and

S. Wright. DRutricesretEss. —For being drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-street at 11.15 on Saturday night, Martin Kelly was fined 53 and costs; Bridget Collier WAS charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dutton-street on August 29th. —P.C. Clough proved the case, and defendant who had made seven previous appearances WAS ordered to pay 5s and costs. DESERTION.—WiIIiam Shield was charged with deserting from H.M.'s }loyal Irish Fusiliers stationed at Curragh Camp.—An officer from the Barracks having given evidence, prisoner was remanded to await the arrival of an escort. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Kate Knight, 5, Berry's-yard, was summoned for making use of oeseene language in Berry's- yard on August 27th.— P.C. Bradley said at 2.40 on Sunday morning, Aagust 27th, he was on duty in Dallam-lane when he heard a disturbance taking place in Berry's-yard. On pro- ceeding there he saw the defendant "falling out" with a man. She was making use of bad language, and he reported her.—Defendant was fined 10s and casts with the alternative of 14 days' imorisonment.—Michael Kelly and Mary Kelly, Trafalgar-;.tourt, were summoned for making use of obscene language in Trafalgar-sourt on August 27th.—Mr. S. Wright said that Trafalgar-court was behind his place of business. On the date named defen tants were quarrelling, and ma4e use of most filthy language. He made a complaint to the police about . their conduct, and P.S. Williamson • cautioned them. When he went away their conduct was worse than previously, and he reportedfthe matter Co the police.—Sarah Cetterall,l2,Church- street, and P. S. Williamson gave evidence corroborating this statement.—The female defendant strongly denied the charge, and called a witness who stated that she did not hear her make use of any obscene language.—The Chief Constable stated that the woman had made three appearances at the Court, and a fine of 5s and costs WAS LOAFERS SEVERELY PUNISHED.—John Keaton ,Bank-street and Ralph Norman, Model Lodging House, Rose and Cross u- s reef, loiterers were charged with obstructing the footpath In Parker-street by standing there, on /august 23rd.—P.C. Carter said that at 11.45 on the date in question he was on duty in Parker-street when he saw the prisoners standing by the Station. They were stopping people who came off the trains. He had received a complaint abut 1 their eonduct, and cautioned thsm twice. Heaton said he would be better in gaol than outside.—John Heaton, Alphonso Cullen, end Thomas Durkin were then charged with obstructing the footpath on the 24th August. —P.C. Baxendaie said that at 12 o'clock on tifb date named he was on duty in Wilson Patten-street when he received a complaint about prisoner's conduct. He went to the low level station and saw Durkin and another man sitting on a fish box. Heaton was leaning against a handcart with his feet stretched across the footpath. People had to walk round them to pass. He watched them for about half an hour.—Cullen said they were summoned for sitting on a fies box, so why didn't they summon the owner of the box for obstruction.—The Chief Constable said Heaton had been before t e court a great many times and had had the maximum penalty for obstruc- tion. Durkin had been fined 40s. and costs three times, Norman had been before the court once, and Cullen several times previously.—The magistrates decided to fine Heaton 40s. and costs in each cases, Cullen and Du.kin liers. and co‘ts. and Norman 20s. and costs. SUNDAY GAMBLING. —James Mason, 93, Church-ssreet Thomss MacCarthy, 23, General-street, John ttrivrard Wilson 15, Howley-lane and Henry Shaw, 5, Biackhurst-street, boys, were summoned for gaming with cards in Bliesmere-street on the 27th August.—P.C. Rylatt said that on the date mentioned (Sunday), he and P.C. Stewart wers on duty in Ellesmere-street. when they saw the defendants playing cards. They watched them for ten minutes. When the boys caught sight of them they ran away, bet they caught then, and obtained the cards and a halfpsnny that they were play- ing with. Mason said they were playing a game of all fours for a halfpenny a time.—P.C. Stewart corroborated. —Mason said that P.C. Itylatt put a penny on the ground and picked it up and said it was theirs—The Chief Constable asktd P.C. Stewart, if Rylatt did put a penny down. and he replied that he did not.—The Chief Constable Pennies are not so plentiful in the police force. (Laughtsr.) MacCartly said that he was asleep. —The Chief Constable said that the police were trying to put a stop to gambling on Sunday., but it was more than they could do, as the offenders were very difficult to catch.—The Cha rman said that the magistrates believed Mason was telling a faisshont in charg- ing the police with fraud, and they would fine him 1011 and costs. The other boys would have to ply 51 and costs, or go to gaol for 7 days. DRIVING WITHoUT A LlGHT.—Thomas Horton, 53, ShArP- street, was summoned for driving a lurre without having a lighte I lamp attached to it on the night of the 26th August. P.C. Smith proved the case, and said that when he told the man that he would be reported he told him that he did not know what he was doing, and Was so drunk that he could not stand. (Laughter.)—Mr. S. Wright said he could corroborate the constable's statement. —The Chief Constable informed the Bench that the constable was a teetotaller.—Defendant was fined Si. and costa Ms.) AssatreT ON A WlFE.—William Clarke, was charged On a warrant with assaulting his wife Margaret on August 29th. —Complainant said that on Tuesday morning last she took the elder of her two children to:school and left the other one at home. When she returned" she saw the defendant, who had been working all nigh', and he told her that she thoutht more of the elder child than of the younger one. Sows words pulsed between them and he assaulted her with the tinge. She did not want to punish him, but desired a separation order. —The Chief Constable statea that the complainant applied for a warrant on Saturday morning and then she t sld a.very different story to what she had told them now. She els o showed the magistrates her snoulder which was very much bruised.—Defendant was ordered to pay the costs and was bound over to keep the peace for six mouths. TUESDLy.—Before Messrs. R. Garnett (in the chair) and T. HELPLESSLY DRUNK.—Mary. Newton was charged with being drunk in Silver-street, at 11.25 on Monday night. P.S. Hollingworth said ha found prisoner lying helplessly drunk on the ground. She could not stand, and refused to give her name and address. He locked her up for safety.— Prisoner, wro had been before the court twice before for drunkenness, was ordered to pay se. or go to gaol for seven days. SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER SENT TO PRISON.—Jxbez Smith, was charged with beimr a CinViCtei thief and frequenting the public streets with intent to commit a frgony that morning, —P.C. Millington said that at 2.40 that morning he Was on duty in Horsemarket-street, when he received information from Mr. Chantry who resided in Bold-street, that someone had been trying to force his back gate Open. He examined the gete and found marks upon It: which suggested that someone bad been trying to climb over it. He had seen prisoner in Butter- market-street shortly after one o'clock and knew hint to be a convicted thief. He went in search of the man and found him in Bewsey-street. He brought him to the Police Station and charged him with the offence. He replied "I told you the reason, I had no money for my ledgings."—P.S. Lewis said he saw the man in Sankey-stre t at 3.10, near Bold-street. lie questioned him as to what he was doing out at that hour and he said " I was waiting for a snan coming out of the theatre, and somehow ot. other I missed him. I had no money to pay for lodgings, and have been walking about all night." Witness had afterwards examined Mr. Chantry's gate and found marks on it. —Mr. Chisntry, 15, Bold-stteet said that at 2 O'clock that morning he was awakened by someone trying the back gate. The noise cm- tinned till about 20 minutes to three. He informed a police officer el what had (marred and he examined his premises. He had called out while the noise was going on, but receivea ansvror.—Prisoner said that he came out of the Union the previous morning to look for work. He did not interfere with anything, and did net go near the door.—The Chief Constable said Diet any sister scald get work at the present time. The man was an habi- tual thief and a n ght prowler. having made 14 appear ,nces, tour for felony.—Prisoner was committed to prison for seven d,.ys. WErixEsna.Y.—Before Messrs. Geddes (in the chair) and

Bircball. A. VAGRANT SENT TO GLOL. Redirtll Watt charged with begging in I rlam-street at 6-10 the previous evening. - Alfred Hudson, joiner.l9, Irlam—treet, said that at the tune named, prisoner came into his sister's shop drunk. He leaned over the counter and asked if they could give him anything. They told him they could not. They were constantly being annoyed by vagrants begginv. This Chief Constable said that shortly after six o'clock on Tu,sday ni:tht, he was at his 0f6.2e window and saw prisoner coming round the corner from Buttermarket-strest. He w s stagge:ing from shop to shop. A lady was standing at her door and he frightened her by his conduct. He the (Chief Constable) told Sergetnt Williamson to arrest the man. He had been going about the town with a flute in his hand. but that was only an excuse for begging. He was far too drunk to play it He admitted not having worked for many a month lie lead fiv,pen.ie on him wlitia locked up —Prisoner was cr,mtnitted to prison for 14 days with hard labiur.

THURSDLY.—Before Mr: _John FAlrclongh (in the cirtir), and

Alderman Sutton. THREE SIONTits FoR. THEFr.—dridget White alias Latley was charged with stealing from the doorway of Me•srs. Stead and Simpson's shop, Horgemarket-3treet, at 6.40 the previous evening, a pair of boots value 43 11d. —The Chief Constable in stating the tacts of the case, said that shortly before 7 o'clock on Wednesda," evening, prisoner was seen by Mr. Harrison., an assistant at the Matichoster Clothing Depot, to deliberately take the boots from the doorway of the bhep of Messrs. Stead and Simpson. She went away is the direction of Market ' Gate, and he followed her and brought her with the bo its in her possession back again to the shop. The masarer, Mr. Kent, sent for the police, and P.C. Cooper (20), came and took the woman into custody. She admitted her guilt arid said she would plead guilty. That was her 47th appear sore she having only come out of gaol the previous morning from serving three months for stealing boots. Sin was utterly In- cor rigihle. —Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months. '• HE WAS EXCITF.D."—Michael Hennesy was charged wiih being drunk and disorderly in Sankey-street at 85) th-, pre- vious night.—P.C. Cooper said that at the time in question he was standing on duty in Sankey-street when he saw prisoner dancing on the too:pith with a large crow i rnuipi him. Hs removed him, but he tame back aga n and com- menced tnturn somersaults. He made him g.) away a second time, but he and his brother went into Corporation-street and lay dow son the footpath. He used threatening and bad language, and witness took him into custody—Prisoner said he o..as very sorry for what had occurred. He was dancing for the championship of Warrington on Friday night, and it made him excited.—The Chief o,nittable said prisoner had rrade 34 appearanceP.—The Chairman :isket prisoner if he would be teetotal if they let him rm.—Prisoner replied that he would betsll Christmas. (Laughter.l—Prisoner .was charged, the Chairman remarking that as lie Liad never been

===== 0002601_18990908_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO LADIES.

Send two stamps for our new and original Illustrated Booklet. ccntaining plain and practical advice how Irregulari- ties. Suppressions, oe.. may be prevented or remov,-d by simple means in a ftw hours. Recommended by eminent Physicians, and thousands ot Ladies, its beink: the only Genuine Remedy. 'ibis is not a quack medicine. listabli.ihed 39 years, LESLIE 31 ARTYN, Ltd, Cbemists, 34, Dalstoo.lane London.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8 1.8991

let off, they would give him a chance to see if it would do him any good. THEFr OF RA.BBlTS.—Richard Newton was charged with stealing from a cart in Liverpool-road at 9 45 the previous morning, two rabbits. value 2s 63, the property of Johnathan Brealhurst.—The Chief Constab.e said that Mr. Broadhurst was a greengrocer and at the time in question he was going about with his wares. He went in the Bowling Green Inn to serve a c tstorner, leivin the cart outside without any- one charge. There were five rabbits at the back of the cart, and when he reurned he found two were missing. He gave information to P.C. Woops, and it was found that a woman residing in Liveroool-road had seen the man close to the cart wii h two rabbits. He WAS going in the direction of Bank Quay Bridge. At 11 o'clock prisoner went into the Railway Tavern and exchanged the rabbits for a pint of bear. He was subsequently apprehended, but the rabbits were eaten, and ,so could not be produced in court. Prisoner had been before the magistrates for neglect of children and choot attend- ance cases. —A fine of 10a and cods or the alternative ot 14 days' imprisonment was imposed. A WOMAN'S DISGR/CEFUL CONDUCT.—Annie Ba-low was fined 103 and cost, with the alternative of 14 days imprison- ment for being drunk and disorderly ia Scotland-road at 11-25 the previous morning.— P.C. Muskett said that seeing a large crowd collected in Scotland-road, he went up to find out what Was the matter. He found prisoner lying on her baAt kicking and shouting "I can't." He lifted her up, but she was so drunk that she fell down again He had to almost carry her to the Police Station.—The Chief Constable said the woman had been conducting herself in an improper manner for a considerable time, Her husband once had occasion to horsewhip ber in the street owing to her bad conduc-.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Comber (chairman), Mr. Ziba Armitage, and Colonel Ridgway. A. DEFECTIVE CANAL BOAT.—Thoneas Shut'leworth of Martinscroft was charged with having his canal boat " Elizabeth" in an inhabitable condition on the 14th August at Wootston, ant Messrs. Pendlebury and Company, of Hulme Locks, Manchester, the owners of the same were sun:Fanned for aLowing it.—Mr. Bold Aldred, manager, pleaded not guilty on behalf of the firm, and contended that by the act under which he had been summoned the owners of the boat were not liable.—The Clerk pointed out that regulation 11 had been amended by a later Act of Parlia- ment and it now embrac .d owners of boats.—Shuttleworth pleaded guilty.—lnspector Kerfoot stated that on the 14th of last month he saw the boat in question at Woolston. A load of manure had been discharged and on examining the cabin he found it contained a quantity of offensive matter and no pump bad been provided for removing the same. The boat was in a very defective condition and leaked badly. He spoke to Shuttleworth about, It:and he stated that the boat , was only used in the otanchester district. It was seldom that it was brought into the Warrington district. -Mr. AJdred stated that Shuttleworth was allowed to take the boat whilst his own was being repaired. During the recent hot weather the seams of the boats were sure to open and mike it run like a riddle. The man lived at Woolston and the. efore he had not to sleep on the boat. It was his duty to clean the oabin.—The Chairman : It ought to be provided with a pump.—Mr. Aldred ; It id provided with a trap d.aor. —The Chairman . The magistrates say a pump must be provided.—it fine of 51 and casts in each case was imposed. itOBBED WHILST ABLEEP.—John Graham and James Wat- son, of Birkenhead, and Patrick Connolley and Matthew Houghton, of Liverpool were all charged with having on the sth September at Rixton, stolen a silver watch and chain, ant a cap, the property of John William Hunt and Luke Lane. respectively.—John William Hunt, of 67, Gleven-street, Manchester. stated that on Tuesday he and Lana were resting on the wayside in Manchester-road.Rixton, when they fell asleep. On awakening he found his pockets turn-d inside out and his silver watch and chain and the key missing.—Luke Lane stated that be was in company with the last witness and when he awoke his cap was missing. They proceeded towards Manchester and oit the way witness noticed hal the prisoner Graham was wearing his (witness's; cap. Information was given at the Elcuss Police Station and prisoners were arrested. —lnspector Morgan said the po!ice had been unable to make inquiries respecting the prisoners, and they had not yet tracau the watch and chain but the key had been found. He appiied for the prisoners to be re- manded to the next Newton Sessionr.—The application was grantafd.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PET FY SESSIONS.

MONDAY. —Before Messrs. A. H. .Norman (presidinz), and W

Timmins,

LICENSING. —Temporary authority to sell at the "Sham- rock,' Mersey-street. was granted to Mrs. Alice Barnes. Applicant stated her husband who was originally the licensee had left her about a fortnight prev,ous. and being desirous of ke ping on the house she would like the license in her own name.—Tne application was granted. 011iCENE Lstiouatag.— Annie Lawson, a married womin of the boats, " Spot and Speck" was summoned for using ob- scene language on the Ist of Augusts—Constable Britt proved the ease.—Fined ss. or 7 days in default. " SLIPPING I WORD "—John Collins, labourer. of Dobson's Court. was summoned for using obscene language OIL the 25th of August in Dobson's Court.—The Magistrates' Clerk : Do you plead guilty.—Defendant ; Ipl 'ad guilty to " slipping a word."—The Magistr.ites' Clerk : It is not a wiestion of' slipping a word., ' Do you plead guilty or not guilty ?—Defendant : Guilty then.—Acting Sergeant White proved the case. saving he beard the defendant use the ba 1 language (submlted). He was at the same time quarrelling with some other people.—The Magistrates' Clerk : You may now say whit you like to the Bench ?—Defendant (turning to the Bench) : Am Ito be master of my own house or— Mr. Johnson : You must not ask the Bench questions.— Fined be. or 7 days. THE WILD MAN OF THE SANDwICII ISLES.—John Williams seaman, who described himself as having been born in the Sandwich Islands, was charged with being drunk in Low- lands-road, on Saturday afternoon.—P.C. Bowyer stated that at 3 p.m. on Saturday he was in Greenway-road, Runcorn when he was ct4lled to the London and North-Western Hotel, to eject the prisoner. He found the prisoner sitting in the bar .srunk, and witness asked him to o >me out. The prisoner , had his elothing disarranged and he was in a disgracetui state. He had some difficulty in getting prisoner to the police station, and when he had been put into the cells he behaved like a madman. He was trying to " hammer the doer down' all the afternoon, and up till etevea o'clock at night. Witness received complaints that prisoner had walked into puLlic houses, and drank other men's beer. He had also behaved in a disgusting manner at the Railway Hotel. Prisoner was brought up on Saturday morning, on a charge of being drunk, before Mr. Tinamine, loot he was discharged on promising to Leave the town. Wit- ness started him on his way, but be was locked up again at three o'clock.—Prisoner alleged that he was walking along the footpath when the constable locked him up. He also said that he was abused in the celle.—P.C. Bowyer said prisoner knocked himself about in the cells.— Priaoner admitted that some friekds wave him some beer, and it overcame him.—The Chairman said the prisoner was given a chance on Saturday, and he went and got into trouble again. He would be sent to goal for One month, hard labour.

PRODSRAM PENA, SESSIONS. WEDNESDLY.—Beeore 'dews. H. Reynolds (presiding), John _ . . _ _

Ockleston, J. Orosbin I Taylor, and W: idortimOie. DRUNK AND AnciaEssivE.--John Brown, of Frods ham, was summoned be John Corker for thre ttening him on the 9th of August, at Nrodshana Lordship, and also by the Police for beine drunk and disorderly at the same time and From the eviderre of Corker it appeared that defendant sad his brother came along the road in a drunken condition, and wanted money from him Corker refused, with the result that the defendant threatened to be his end, used most violent language, audtriel to take Corker's brush from him.— Defendant denied the story and said he Was coming along the road with his brother, when the latter went and spoke to Corker and he went on. Turning round to see if his brother was following him, he SAW Corker in the eat of striking him with a brush. He might then have gone up to Corker and spoken abut it.—The Chairman observed it was evident the defendant was drunk an' knew nothing snout it.—ln the first case he was bound ever in £5 and ordered to pay Ils 64 costs; and in the second fined 5s and Is 6d witness fees. or 14 days in defaiilt. - - STRAYING HEIFERI. —Frank Bickersteff, of Frodsham Lordship, pleaded guilty to allowing two of his heifers to stray about the h;ghways at Prod:sham on the 31st July.— Police- iergeaut Clays stated he found the animals straying and had them pinfolded in the Bear's Paw Hotel Stabler. He hail previously spoken to the defendant whn had allowed the beasts to stray or: 3 or 4 previous occasions.—Defendant mitted that the grass an 1 water and other food at the dis- posal of the cattle was sufficient, and that other animals were in the same field. He could not account for them straying.— Fined fit and Bs. 6d. costs. A LIYERPooL CYCLIST FlNED.—RiChscit Brown, of 13', Berton-road, Liverpool, admitted being guilty ot riding his bicycle without a lighted lamp in the streets at Frodsham, at st} p.m. on the sth of Atrgust. —Sergeant Clays proved the case.—Defendant stated he had only ridden a rnatte'r of about 21 yards, when the officer accosted him.—The Coati- man observed: That may doe 'halt 'Was a very dAngerous practice and one that must 'be stopped.--Fiued 64. and 10s. 64. costs or 7 days. OBSCENE LA.NGUAGE.—TEIC.I3ENCII DECLINE BcrefEfes. Frederick Fletcher, pleaded guilty to using obscetTelanguage ,irs Northwich-eyad, Frocisharn, en the 12th Akiguit.--F.C. Wagg who prove' the case stated he heard the man use fi'thy lang-iage. and handed to the Chairman, a slip of paper with a specimen of the language upon it. —The Chairman how- ever declined the paper, remarking r "We will not have the the language submitted."—Fined 10s. inclu4ing c ,sts or seven days.—Lydia Teaney. of Ship-street. in answer to a similar charge committed on the 15th o August in Ship- street. replied "guilty" telt that she was on her own door step."—Poliee-Sergeant Clays proved the case, the facts of which defendant admitted. She contended however, that she was Within her province in calling her husband "a few foul names whilst on her own step."—The Chairman pointed ontthst the offence was for "within hearing or the public," and it would make n difference if she was insid, the house. —Pined 10s including costs or seven ays. AN OBJECTION TO CYCLISTS.—Bdward Briseos. of Helsby, was summoned for being drunk and disorderly at Nrodsham Lordship on the 25th of August. pleaded guilty.—Sergeant Clays stated in consequence ef complaints received from two cyclist., he mounted his own machine and rode in tie direction of Nrodsham Bridge. As he proceeded, he overtook defendant, blew his whistle and rang his bell; but, when passing defendant roundly abused him with foul language. He got off his machine and asked defendant his name aud address, to which question defendant gave a most profane answer: The man, who was very drunk made RS if to strike him at the Barns time.—Defendant denied this story,and said when the officer got off the bicycle he nearly throttled" him.=-The Chair•nan : Ti that is so why did von plead guilty. To wio tt die you plead guilty ? Defendant: I pleaded guilty to csysing him (indicating the officer) not to being drunk. What right has he to go along , the road " rattling " Pis bell ? —The Bench considered the ease proved ends fine of 5s was imposed. -Tits REenter oF i SUPPCR.—Williain Jackson of Volunteer- street, Newtown, Frodsham, pleaded not guilty to' a charge of using profane and obscene language in Bridge-lane, on the 21st of Angus'. —PC. Wagg. PC. Bradley, and Police Sergeant Clays gave evidence of hearing the defendant use th a language alleged.—Defendant said he had been tea " bit of a supper" in the Bridge Inn, and might have gone a little bit over the mark.—Fined 120. including costs.—Henry Hayes, admitted being found drunk on he 27th of August, by Sergeant Clays, and Wee fined Sc. REMOVAL OF SwletE.—Joseph Williams, butcher, Helsby, I was summoned by the police for mov:ng 3 pigs without a license, at Dunham Hill, on the 28th of August. —Defendant pleaded guilty.—Superiutendent Nield pointed out that a license could have been obtained from any police station.— Defendant contended it, was not his place to get a licence at all. It was the place of the farmer from whom he bought the pigs..—The Chat: man: You meved the pigs and should have had a license in do so. You will be fined ss. for thi. first offence. - Defendant still protested —The Chairman Well all we say is if you come here again you will be fined more heavily.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

OLDHAM v. WARRING CoN. —Thig return match vva3 played on the ground of the former oa Satur lay. Oldham pltyed straw eleven, but Warrington lacked the services of several prominent placers. Score :

OLDHAM. WARRINGTON. Dr W00l b Thew‘is G 1 walles b Connor 5 Thewlis run out Smith b Bibby 9 F. A Connor b Rhodes 6 G HE Rhodes run out 5 J W Bibby c Stapleton b J H Shaw 11 Gion 2O Smith 9 Gh Clemens not, out 1 J Thompson ces b Smith 1 T Knowles b Arualals... 5 IL Pierpoiut b Arundale 0 A Duckworth b Arundale 6 Extras

Total (for 5 wkts) 133 Total (for 7 wkts) 108 Innings declarM BOWLING INALYB,S. OLDHAM. WARRINGTON.

A Connor l5 5 37 1 G Rh0de5........ 13 524 1 Thewlis ll2 5 15 1 Brocklehu7st ... 4 0 26 0 W Bibby J Thompson 5 1 21 0 Smith Gibson HELSBY IST V. WARRINGTON 2ND —The above match pla,ved at Warrington on saturday euded in a draw. Score: H ELSBY IST. WARRINGTON 2ND. A Ryder run out 3 0 R Adamson e Brother- _ . _ . _ _

G Broo:sin.-4 b Plinston ...... 9 toa b Brooking J Crosland lbw b Pier- B iilcock b Nixon 6

point. 0 J E Bryant b Nixon J Nixon b Plerpoint F Col, run out l3 h Brooking 26 Rey C It McKee c Adamson R Crompton c Brotherton b Plinston E W Crosland c Thompson 13 Pierpoint b Brooking 7 b Plinston J Brotherton c Byrant b D Plinston, II Deoloy, R Plinston 6 Hayes, and W Roberts, A Roberts b Crompton W Havcreft b "311.:031C . 0

J Taylor not out Extras 5 ExtrAs 2

Total 134

Total

GIRPPENICALL V. ARLEY.—Played at Arley on Saturday, and resulted in a very easy victory for the viators. Score

GRAPPENTHALL. Burrows c L.itimAn b

A.RLEY. Smith b Simpson .. _

Smith lO Choriton b Watson Ellis c Kornby b Fairhurst 20 Laidman 1 Carter b Evans c liornby b Fair- Wats n 0 hurst Watson b Smith 1 Egerton - Warburton b Fenton b Smith _ __ .. 7 Simpson

- Gifford b Smith l2 J Orton b Simpson 0 Brieriey run out tV Carter not ont ...... . ... 35 Fairhurst b Simpson 0 Simpson b Smith l2 G Orton not out 4 Jenkins not out Crispin c Evans b Simp- SOU 1 Extras

Total 126

Total

EABLESToWN V ST. —The return fixture between these clubs was played at EiArlestawn on Saturday, and re- suit ei in the utter defeat of the home team. Score

EARLESTOWN ST. HELENE,. G Hush 'WI_ c&b Ingleby 0 Turnee c Husband b F J Heade b Ingleby 2 Marsh W Fl Crowther b Ingleby... 12 Filleston b Finish 8 F E Finish c Goodwiu b Goodwin c Crowther b Waring T Marsh c and b Ingleby... 14 Ingleby not out 6l li Foreman c Turner b Waring b Hipwood... lO Filleston l7 Sim-i b Hipwood 0 J Burrell b Ingleby 0 Pox b Mush C Hipwoo t b Fdleston 5 Gomall c Emmett b Hua- i: W Emmett c Marsden b band 4 Ingleby 6 Marsden c and b Husband 10 J Harsh b Filleston G Greenall no; out 0 not b‘t Extras 1 Extras. l4

T0ta1.... 64 Total 225 RA.RLESTOWN 2ND V. ST. HELENS 2ND. —Played at St. lielens on Saturday. Score

ST. HELENS. EiRLESToWN. Bate b Tarbuck b Hatton... 16 H Davies b Porter 0 Newton b Davies 8 Jos Marsh cJ S Bate b Urmston lbw HAton.. 5 Urnston 0 Cr nnpton b Hatton 0 R Robinson c Glover b Shaw a Clarke b Robinson 15 Porter .. .. 11 Porter b Morse J H Simrn b Morse 7 W Morse b Sir= lO Wood a o.en b Robinson 10 D Owen b Urmston 1 Jos Simm Jun b Marsh 5l W Hitton b Glover... ..... 20 Burrows b Hat tm ... 11 H Gilmour a and b Simm 0 G:ove: not out l4 A Tarbuck b Glover 4 J Hatton not out l5 W Husband b Porter l2 Extras l5 Extris 4

Total 157 Tot :I 77 NEWr3N-LE- WILLOWS V. LElGH.—Played at Leigh on Saturday. Score wEwroN. LEIGH. If It Hindley b Mayhall 3l J W Unsworth c& b Bate 0 W ftylar. e a Unsworth b Mayhall a Bates b Smith 16 Garside W Gee b Garside 3 W Wadley b Smith J Stones b Gtrside W Turton b Garside J Laithwalte c Umsworth b J N Pass c & b Rylance 6 Garside It Bates C UCS worth b Gar- S If Williams, H T Jack- side F Henderson run out... W Dudgean c Stewart b Turner 0 I Smitla b Garside C W Hindley notout 33 Extras 3 Extras 3

Total 93 Total.. ......... 98 rif..WZON-LE-WILLOWS bro v. LElng 2ND.—Played at New- ton on Satur lay. Score

NEWCOR. LELGH. J Pen iry b Ashcrolt ... ...... 11 Wll Knowles c Harrison T Wilkinson c Ward b b Briggs 37 Canter B Barr run out 2 J Giburd b Rylance - 2 J Carson e Gibbirsl bAsh- A Porter c Cook b croft .. 9 Ryisnee 5 H Rylance a Porter b 11 Cocker b Cooke 5 Collier... l4 A Ward a Wilkinson b It Carson a Garnet b Cocker 40 Carson T Cooke b Ashcroft 37 J Yates b Briggs 2 W Wilkinson b Clibbard 5 It Pdereer a Carsoa b FHarrison c Ward b Briggs ... ...... .. ........ ..;.. 9 Cooker 4 W Collier a Carson b T Brigo not oat l5 Briggs T Gee run out W J Kirk not out 0 Extras 5 Extras

TotF.l ...... ..; ..102

Total 7B

===== 0002601_18990908_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICATE CHILDREN

Children who Stiffer Vont lack of nutrition, who 'gm pinched in appearance and puny in develop. ment, *need just sucha help as

===== 0002601_18990908_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGIIER'S Emaro.sr

Its effect in these cases is oftentimes marvellous, so rapid is the improvement. They eat better, digest better, sleep better, and they gamin weight, colour, and general health. Children like to take it, and it always does them good. CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained front particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage.

The Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London. E.C.

QUOITS.

srAR INN (STATFIAM) v. MANX ARMS (tVARRINGroN).

The return omi in the horne-aud-home in itch was playeli nn S Itu.dly I:Ptween the above eluns on the ground of the former, and resulted as follows :

STAR INN. MANX ARMS. Cil.liill (captain) FLo 2 ye: W ,4111 Pr

H Bowies l5 W High-am 2 W Lockver 6 W LOMAX J Daniels Ii Antrotms J Hampson 6 J Lomax l5 J Hill P Moston

1i Greg l5 T Burrows

133 108 Majority for the homestere, 25.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT T 3 A WARRINGTON BOY.

Allen Jones', the 8011 of the landlord nt the Ring 811, Warrington, met with a painful acrndent at Noitbwich on .1 utsday. lie was climb- ing a car• on the fair ground at Witton when he slipped and fell. Ile had a date pencil some six or seven inches long in his hand. end this ran into his abdomen, pene'rating to the intestines. A severe wound was inflicted, and Dr. Doooan, who was immediately summoned, found that the little fellow is also suffering from great shock. His injuries are regarded as serious.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

I N view of the approaching Football Semon, it may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed 'manuf cturers. Gko. G. BUSSEY & Co., of Londott. are preparine a stock of Balls, which for quality, uniformity, an I durability, will be unique. These btlls will be distinguished by tip. app armee thereon of their well known trade mark < CCM. Ask till lon' Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria-street London Factories —Peckham, London; and Elmswell, Sufblk.—Advt.

*„,* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must ba sent to the Head Office, Bawsey-street. Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LINC.ISHIEtE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WARRINGTON AGAIN OPEN WIEI A. DRAW.

notball was in full swing on Saturday, the insjority of the cluba bsing engaged in competition matches. Warringt m's fixture for the day was at the neighbouring town of St. Helens whither they were followed by some 700 Warringtonians all anxious for a sight of the winter game. Though rain fell heavily in the morning, the att.rnoon turned out bright and fine and in every way pleasant. Perhaps it cv.,s rather warm for the players, but tqat WAS only to be expecte i for the time of the year. Tna field was in excellent order, and seemed not to have suff -red at all from the rain which fell, while a goodly ring of spectators lined the fence. There would be about 4,000 people present. St. Helens was repres- ented entirely by last season's players, but there were a couple of changes in the Warrington ranks. viz., Jones. (Huddersfield) and liderryweather (Br r.ol) at centre. Mr. J. Prtestley (Broughton) was the referee, and the teams lined out as follows :

Warrington : Hallam, full back; Fish, Jones Merry weathnr, and Harris, thrze-quarters ; J. T. Bate and Ashurst, half—backs; Taylor, Naylor, Morrison, Fairhurst, Sudlow, Townend, Scbollze, and Boardman, forwards.

Sr. Eleleni :—Feulkes, full-beck ; Barnes, Traynor, Livereage, and 13313erty, three-quarters ; Boyle and Briars, half-backs ; T. Winstanley, Preecott, Dale, Car- ney. Green, Appleton, Rennie and Cnapman, for wards. Warrington won the toes, and Bate took advantage of the wind and sun fer the opening stages. Traynor started the game for the Saints and the ball rolled in touch. The kick-out saw Traynor again in possession, but he was well tackled by Taylor in mil-field. Bate secured possession from the pack. and passing between Ashurst and Harris led to an invasion in the home half, but Foulkes splendidly relieved, Hallam kicking dead. Even play followed in:mid-field, Traynor and Barnes re- pettedly shining with good work. Warringten made poor use of the wind and sun, their efforts being very unworkmanl ke. Bate broke away several times, but held the ball too long and was tackled repeatedly. Fish showed activity on the wing, and was winded early on. St. Helens played up with clash, ani the forwards after some speedy work succeeded in tackling the Warriagton ' full-back b3fore he could respond. Warm work on the Warrington line followel, Bate finally effecting a re- lief witn a nice punt to cnetre. The scene of operations was quickly transferred to the other end where Feulkea was tackled, and Warrington had a tura at pressing. Their efforts continued to be of a dieappointine charac- ter, though Jones was very near scoring on oee ee.caeion after receiving a pass from Bate. Foulkes barred the way at the corner flag, however, Fish made one or two useful kicks which helped to kelp Warrington on the aggressive for a time. Jones had a shot at goal from a mark by Fairhurat, and very nearly did the trick. St- Helens rallied and playing with dash, they drove War rington beck, Hallam being again at fault. Nice passing by the home backs enabled Liversage to make headway and tnea transferring to Traynor, the burly centre rushed over near the corner and seored the first try :f the season. Barnes made a gooi attempt aG goal Half- time arrivcd shortly afcer with the Saints leading by a try to nil. The odds now seemed greatly in favour of the homesters for they had the wind behind them and a lead of three points. They were early oc the aggressive, a passing movement ending in Barnes dashing down touch and crossing the line, but the combined attentions of Fish and Hallam caused him to lose the ball at the critical moment. "Smack" responded with a bit of his best 'work, Merryweather supplementing the effort with a run which carried play to safer quarters. The efforts of the visitors were now of a more energetic order, and with Bate and Ashurat open- ing the game out in the style they should have adopted in the first half the chances of the Warrington lads looked brighter. St. Helens curiously enough showed a marked falling off in dash. Warrh3gten kept in the home quarter and Jones tried a drop at goal from his own mark and failed by a little, but Fish raced up and grounded the ball. No try was allowed though the point seemed fair enou4h. It encouraged Warrington however and they gave the homesters a warm time of it, Fish causing considerable trouble on the left wing. Scrimmages followed close to the line, Boyle attempting to kick clear but not getting well hold of the ball it was charged down by Bate who scrambled over amid wild cheering from the Warrington section of the crowd. Jones made a fair attempt to c3nvert from a difficult angle. The sides being now on even terms excitement was redoubled, and likewiee the exer- tions of the players. Werriegtoo were the fresher and continued to attack, Boardman being robbed of a certain try by obstruction on the part of Traynor. Bate again got away only to see a nice pass mullei by Ashurst. Doherty made his mark and kicked te the Warrington line where Hallam was foune safe. Tray- nor also got posiession but found Jones a match for him when he got on the move. Warrington continued to have the better of the argument, and when the whistle went with the scores still equal, they were look- ing very much like winners. A draw had to be the re- sult, which was the case last season in the first encoun- ter, though it was that time on Warrington soil.

RUNCORN RUT SWINTON. A MAGNIFICENT GAME

The first match of the season at Rancorn took place at the Irwell-lane enclosure on Wednesday evening. when the local team opposed Swinton in the Lancashire League Carnpeti'ima. The weather was dull, and there was hardly a breath of air to affect the play. For thA day tbe gate was truly a goo I one, and close upon 3 thousand spectators lined the rail when Mr. McCutcheon (the referee) sounded the fall-ia. Tee teams faced in the following order :

Swinton J Valentine, back ; Messer, R Valentine. Taylir, and L9WIS, three•quarters ; Davies and F Morgan, halves; J Evans. C Holmes, B Murphy, G R Jones. R Tickle, S Vegor, C Pullitt, and J Johnson, for- wards.

_ Runcorn: S Houghton. back; D Jenes, J Butter- worth, T Warder, and T Wilkinson, three-quartere J Faulkner, and J Jolley, halves; Taylor, El Farmer, Temlinson, F Gayter. Langley, Derlingtoa, 6 Walker and L'ghtfeat, forwards. The Runcern team wore mouening out of reepect to the late Mr. P. Speakman. C.C., the club's president. Murphy opened for Swintee but offside was given against them, anal straight off the reel Runcorn secured an advantage they did not lose throughout the half. Gayter received a mark. Morgan respsnded and would doubtless have changed the venue but for the pull:ne up J Butterworth gave him. From the scrum Jolley collared finely, and was useful in making further way. Swinton were hard pressed, for a moment indeed, it looked like scoring, but J Valentine superbly cleared. Houghton responded, sending the ball well into the Swintoe quar- t n's; Valentine tried to gather it by reaching f r it on the bound. He failed and Jolley who was following up smartly rushed in, but D Jones also rushed up and secured a fine try at the very moment Valentine tried to recover. Rousing cheers announced the success. JJlley bad a shot at goal, but the effort was futile. Resuming. Wil- kinson received Murphy's kick off and made mein headway. Swinton secured the ball, and passing out nicely gave to R Valentine, he in turn parted to his brother, and Jim esseyed a burst throueb. Six, or about that number of the Ruvcorn for wardo, how ever, hauled him back again. Heals down once more , saw Swinton secure, Jolley, however, Feemed to snatch the ball out of the very hands of the Swinton man and I initiated a beautiful passing movement between Butter- worth. Jones and himself. They were successluly hauled up and young Valentine relieved. Jilley re• ceived and marked, circumstances which ii creased the advantage, and" James" (Swinton's old original) only just touched dead in the nick of time. Swinton at this point showed up finely,Taylor runnieg and dodging well. Then followed turther good efforts by Ntesser,Le w Valentine. A. magnificent mirk by Butterworth was the signal for the right about. Not for long, however, for Swinton came again led by Messer and first rats ex- changes were made on both sides. Jolley again shone with a most useful run. Lewis had several exchanges with the Runcorn backs, catching and kicking well. Runcorn then experienced hard lines Butterworth being hampered passing forward when Faulkner had a good opening. Bob Valentine then broke away and secured ground though grassed by Walker. Shortly afte Walker marked in a goad position. Renoorn were going again hi.v.ne spent most of the time in the vicinity of the Swinton line when an iiijadicioue knock-on by Ling lay brought them up. Taylor once again made capital headway for Swinton, hut Jolley returned. Swinton followed with good passing Morgan judiciously feeding Taylor andlLewiq bothl of whom accomplished a pretty movement J. Valentine further improved things and quite an exciting time was spent by him amongst the Runcorn pick. BoteValeritine was useful in clearing but a knock-on resulted in Jolley securing from the scrum- mage and dropping a really fine goal. ohort,c after Faulkner tried to drs but failed. From the d:op out

===== 0002601_18990908_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD 104.LSE TRETE{ BOUGHT.

Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well he turned into money Messrs. H. D. & T B. Frt.ser, of Princess-str t, Ipswich (established since 1884), buy old false teeth. If yo u send you teeth to them they wil remit you by return of post th utmost value :or if preferred, they will make you the bes offer, and hold the teeth over for yoar reply. If referenc necessary, apply to Messrs. Bacon Pc, 'Co., Bankers Ipswich.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
After erio s

liiS

U Li

1114. A. I 4.4

If you have been ill, and find your strength exhausted, take a little Scott's Emulsion after each meal, and see how quickly your strengtri returns. The weak condition following illness is about as dangerous as illness itself, because it is this weak conaition that invites complications and a relapse, which is always more feared than the original attack. It does not require many words to emphasise the importance of this subject. Almost everybody understands that after an illness the system requires very careful nourishment. Possibly the following illustration of cur meaning will make the matter clearer "9, Colville-road, Leyton, E., " December 20th, 1898.

"Dear Sirs,—lt is with the greatest pleasure that I write to thank you for the great good your Scott's Emulsion has done my little girl. Having had a very serious attack of diphtheria (her life being despaired of by two doctors) she was naturally left very weak, and although four years and a half old she could scarcely walk about, had no appetite, and had lost a deal of flesh. We were naturally very anxious ahout her, and sneing your advertigemant I determined to try Scott's Emulsion, doubting if she would take it, having taken so much medicine during her Illness, but instead of that, after taking a few doses she really liked it. She has taken two bottles, and I can assure you she is not like the same child. She has gained , flesh, can

Warder received and though collared succeeded in part- ing to Wilkinson. A series of scrummages then took place in the Swinton half, from one of which Farmer secured and dropped a further goal easily. Again Swinton were hard pressel and again Jolley successfully secured and addei a third goal immediately after which half time was called. Thescore being, Run- corn, 3 goals 1 try (9 points) ; Swinton nil. Farmer resterteJ, and following up closely the Run- corn pack fairly established themselves in the Swinton 25. Grassing Messer, a scru:n resulted, and repeating his practice Jolley picked up and dr )pped a brilliant goal from a difficult position. It was a really magnificent effort. In stopping a rush Batterwortb got slightly hurt and a short rest was called. Soon recovering, however, both teams were hard at it again, and at this stage, Jolley ceule be seen working like six men. Relief came to Swinton in a -superb effort by Lewis, rapidly followed by another exquisite piece of work from Jim Valentine. The latter in passing out t 4 Merser was unfortunate and the ball went into touch, when the latter had a magnificent opening. Runcorn seemed to relax a little of their keenness, with the result that Taylor, Valentine and Messer accomplished as pray a bout of short passing as had been witnessed up to this stage. Exciting times were then experienced in the Runcorn lines.hut a keen defence :warted danger. J. But- terworth and Warder being really clever and saved re- peatedly. Messer missed a further opening and finally got pushed into touch. J. Butterworth then cleared at a critic it stage, indeed had he failed then Swinton could have walked over. Play c intinued in the Runcorn half for a time. Then a reeuler rush by the Swinton for- wards resulted in their getting the bill over the line, Houghton touched dead. On .this point however the referee appeared to have doubts, but on consulting the linesman no try was awarded. Continuing to hold a little advantage doubtless due to ituncora pleyiag on the defensive. Swioton came again, iMorgan receivsd passed to Taylor. and he to Lewis It was juit the opportunity Lewis wanted, and be showing a clean peir of heels, registered the finest point of the match. An appeal for touch down was disng,,arded. J Valentine took the kick and failed. Swinton. again securel a me:nentary advantage, and a scrum close up to the Runcorn line looked dangerous, until Taylor trying a drop removed anxiety by kicking dead. This continual pressure from Swinton at length began to set fire to the Runcorn team for settling down to actual work again they carried the centre of operations back to the Swinton quarters. Messer made a nice mark, to which Farmer replied with one quite as useful. Tomlinson fallowing up too keenly was then eautioned by the referee. Swinton broke away and Houghton returned. Then Faulkner. Butterworth and Jones made a hot attack on the Swinton line and had they to deal with any other backs than a Valentine a try would aertainly have resulted, a series of scrums resulted and Jolley, Faulkner. and S. Walker as well as others made dashes at the Swinton line, but coold not get over. Time was calle i with Runcorn masters of the situation, the final result being .—Etuacora 4 goals, 1 try (11 points); Swinton 1 try (3 points).

she was left Yery 5 couldweak, scarcely „. walk, had no calr_;;')et-ite, and bad lioxJolf.J fIrsIP

now walk a good distance ; in fact I may say it pag done her a world of good. All my friends till her a wonder after so severe an illness, and I ten them it is all owing to Scott's Emulsion: I 6134: always recommend it to my friends whenever I Of"; for lam quite sure there is nothing to equal it. .`,," cases of extreme weakness it is a thorough pick-011,7-, up.—l remain, gentlemen, yours truly, (Signew H. OXBROUGH. We venture to say that in her weak and enosoa; ted condition, there was no other form in vlblc, this little girl could have taken cod-liver oil, and Y" the fact that her system needed this oil is ciell proved by the rapidity with which she acqulf.rt strength after taking Scott's Emulsion. is easy to understand how much more effeci tual Scott's Emulsion is than other foring 0,9 cod-liver oil, when one considers that in Scott Emulsion the oil is broken up into minute globule: requiring almost no digestion and ready f°l absorption. Scott's Emulsion also contains 13703° phosphi'.2s, which aid digestion and feed the nerve and glycerine, which prevents fermentation an,: otherwise assists in the absorption of the oil. Sco,t't Emulsion is sweet to the taste, and is splendid!! adapted to the needs of convalescence. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion brd sending thr,epence to cover postage to Scott Browne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists.. 9: Great Saffron Bill, London. E.C., and ment)oniali this paper. AU chemists sell Scott's Emulaion.,...-

Imade from the centre. Allen was early prominent, ok-d very cleverly dodged over the line. Aeot";(1 futile goal kiclt followed. St. Helens male a deterrni,no invasion of the home quarters, but Moores was equiltr all emergence; and cleared the visitors out finely: _.n° • other concerted piece of work between the Warringe halves and three-quarters saw Wood floored near line. He was, however, more successful in his ete.if attempt to cross the line, he galloping over easily sill receiving the ball from Hockenhull. Another 11;74 attempt to kick a goal was made and whet% 1.:4, interval arrived, the home team was leading by tbrf, cries to nil. On the restart, St. Helens showed up Pl°roje the full-back only doing himself justice. Tne b.Gef team had pretty nearly all their own way, and materl7, increased their score. Mason lei the way witn a ja,dl eiously placed peoalty goal, and Men shortly afterweio' 0 by a smart follow up scored a cry. was suc3essful in kicking a goal on this occaej Tries now came in quick succession from Allen e-ed Wood, no more goals being kicked. Moores distioguiff himself by a determined run through the thick c); 00 opponents, and passing to Jewkes that player aw.,,,e difficulty in adding another try. Wold attl."ll4 drop to the bitter cup of St. Helens by scoring kie try after a good run along touch. The end came ^(gs the result reading Warrington two goals eight trice/ points) St. Helens nil. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. WIDNES I* A" Tell.o. This match was played en Saturday before a f‘ir eti tendance, fhe hoinesters commenced with three iffor short, and playel against the wind.. Widnes got %es. and a scrimmage was formed near the homesters' Widnrs got clear, but a pass forward spoiled er Thomas made a mark, and the Widnes for wards Pre'ol td a return. The Saints' backs passed well, and...clef was only tacked when dangerous. Half-time :--vv4l two tries, Warrington, St. Mary's nil. Widne4 Wniati better hf the concluding stages, and won by 19 P- to nil.

A "CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR." At the Warrington Police Court on Wedlie'd°ol.: William Dalton, 1, Burdock's Place, Golborarder applied for an order to the magistrates for an °rated to exempt his child from vaccination.—He that he nad one child who died from the effee" vaecination.—The order was granted. LA.DIES BIIST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES IT'Orfil° THE CLOCK. RRIDGS-STSBEL—Advt. WARRING gqoCirTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE TIoN.—GARDEN PARTY. ‘,l theit The members of the above Association en-nnerr friends were invited to a gard-n party at Ortitiat hall Heves by Mr. J. Charlton Parr on San" aea afternoon. The weather was most favouratu7reet• about 150 131 t the Conservative Club, Sankeol, at two o'ciock, in 'buses supplied by Mr. Puer° Connor. At Lumb Brook Bridge the pagerog 00 alighted, and completed the remainder journey on foot, headed by St. Paul's Bregf";,/ere On arrival at the Hall, the vi4tori /loge! recei.ed in the drawing-room by Nir• 804 IParr (the President of the Associationi.ooloo Miss Katharine Parr, after which the gr' werf which are at present at their best pi inspected. Some of the party were allowed.. totrotei in the ponds. Sports which were well alio took place- Messrs. J. A. Smethurst enu.9 !IP Owen officiated as judges, and the starter il'inriye Stanley Thorley The following were the iv winners :—Three-legged race, first prizes, tr,w°63cee; match boxes, Messrs F Webster and W Dr"gesst° second prizes,two silver-mounted briar pißess't priie J Whittaker and I Sankey; sack race. 11,,,r borleij, silver-mounted briar pipe, Mr J S Doto: second. Malacca cane, Mr S J DYkl ; race, first prize, silver-mounted vralk„',ardsof Mr T Roberts ; second, cigar case, Mr T cateL At 4.15 tea was provided in a large tent, !,ftwodeoe" irig, which was in the hands of Messrs. Iv..uractiolt Bros., of Grappenhall, giving general eet!;_roliP Amougst those present were :—Mr Roger )I,fl Parr, Mr Li..ter-Kaye, Mr Robert PierOol;gt 604 Alderman Hutchinson, Councillors Smet'°i Fos John Roberts; and Messrs J R Smethurt beroft,., shaw, W H J Jenkins, Segar Owen, T J Hall, Charles Holland, W L Williams 81;1, Holbrook and Herbert, Hayes. The el)or ge, afte_l# llayoress were present during a part Ca After ti noon, but were unable to remain for tee; e;pressile Mr Roger Porr made a few remarks. 50' his regret that his father was unable to Pr_e,feesil.it...o_sl called upon Miss Parr to distribute the Etl:l3lvere.l Parr having done so,ffr R Pierpoint, M•r•Traeso an address, making reference to rheg crisis and the Dreyfus trial. Votes of th tr.eside accorded to Mr J Charlton Parr, and the $Ol Before leaving a photograph of the Pro,l,aeuee u Miss Parr and the members of the coinl33 taken by Mr. Birtles, Sankey-street.

f-:•*- c'.iie,;----z,-4•:-----...--. • • '•••••,.:-,.•" / ,---.• .;;;SA-A--.-':=7",-:, ',: :: 7' : .-..'., •,,, ,/:f„-i,---: -.'..--.T:tfi.,L•':.--,-i:.-:•;,-'._,...-.4- :•,..-.-::::,:::::i.i.i.W.••,::::::.. :.:::•;\•:;;:.,::,:;;,:. •.,4*-;:41-Vbi.,:,7,7•',V:::;•.:',:s• ''.., ~•'........;1•i:,..p,,:i*---7,q4:47- :,----;-ri'c.i-4.',"4::•.'::.';'••••'•--:, ..,..i.':: •..:,.,•." •-. '., ..„.:, -..:1•,;,,, '4'sq-'.:".;,1,k--,.,,t45t6- "-: - s. • •,. .:•;,,,,,,#,..:!,..,,,,,..„ ;,,,,,,,.....„- , 4....„,•4,-,•..,,,,,,,.1„.• -`.P., .',....., , ,s, /•:,..•........'... ‘.":',,,,,\,,1' .5.:4- 1; .4, ..*A;'..!,:,.*. A v .1,1,,,;-,,„?..- •,::::::. •:•;•:.•-:. ii'i.:• ~. -,.•.4.A.: -.- • Tiiil, - ~,,,-J ...., FHo_:',; , • ~.,::', .tc',;(l fi.,,,,t,..,,,,,4-, .:1;11',1.:7 _,4, d` _. 'i, i'," ~,,'177::::.,:::..: '.. ::',;;;'. ..,', ''',-.,•------- . 7:: „ Ilr: .. 1.:. ':,,es4 7,'....- - 1: ::. :',',.;'''..‘, '..-•::...g,--:...-- ............ ::. ... fl;.!•:-.,. -•P. ~ , -,•-•:::V ........,1, .4, -s..:i:::::!...,•:•:::F.: ....":"::-..,...: ... ..',#_,-,,,.;,,--- .:::::::-...-T k:::••••,..•.:•''...•1:',, - ''''-'Si"ES - , ... -,,,:,-,?:i::f: .. ~, ---.-,-7.!p ..,:• • 1.. .-:?;:-:: ..... ~.,.. .. : . — ''',...-r: .-.... . ..A .:......*., ~.EEE:ii--..::-. - ............. "-,--.:--,.-L-.,i; - 4-•,;,:,-.:4'or 16‘ ',.y,".•,;.'.....5.;;) •-' . • ..... .:,:•,;;;.1./...... „;.,-,1-:•-:.:;-:-.3---F=7.-:,--Ai --Ti:-.---it .:Frtf-st--F-2,..,•;-.7---,•,..-. : '•...v-k.::.•'; :,.•:::::••::''',...\ :',•.,4,1(**-;-- --:i' ......... ''.:-.`"Tgaii:ii•- -rs:.'i .:-.- ...- ' •-.- .' . • \•••:,•.`::::::::.:::::.,:>-, •:',-(,!.."•:-... -:':: . ''.':'..-..4l'ii:.= . iT: : . '''.-..'E7?!.!'..., -:. ~,2•,.....,7 . . ~'...:.•':-. '.. ....... :I ...* . 1 :,.'• \''-:::::':*:::.':::'::::::::::,.., ',..::•:i,.\\ ...7,.. . i:: ..... .. .. 7-- .. . :...,:','L :. .':: : • , ..:, ~,..! .Z. 11/7 . : :::::,.: ..: '.....' :::. ~ . ..., •••••::.s. •:.::...;:.....:..*::..:',::i:;::,:::::::::;.::•.,..:::::,t ~,,fs, • :;.',. . : .. ' ,:iiF::::. '.';',: ..,... .- • :;.4";,;,..:',. ''',.. ''.' :. : .' . ..:;::::::::0:.ii:.:,::.::::::::::i.:.1.:::.:::::::./ '''..3.::";...k:W -;:,,?:-: .... .. '....., :.. i :+.l ai: ..'.:L. .1....:.• • ... . ...-..-... :, i . .''..; '. :*•(<:-.:.:.:::::::..i:.. ~.'.....: .'. : ' :' ' , :.:-.'',.:::.::.::1...:::::..':::::::X.:n.:: : *,'''...':,:‘,;;V• ....1.1;1.-i.ii iti ... .. ..... ... ... .......... "::-.1:'.1 . i ... :, i 1:: iii•!.....%%"'''';',;"•:::•-...• I; :.'• :. ..., .• j::....:-.....i::,........:::::::.;%;::::,,,,,,,•/-::...A.:-.:_t.z..'2:,-,-;.....;;;;;;;Z:ii",-,:l.., -........:,:ii:...::::...7.?...-•-• :-.. ri.; :;-:..n...:-,• - : • • : :::::.::::::::••-..i.:::;!*:::•::::.**:::::::*'S \ '.-'l.":•A'-'*: •'',l4-..--"''.=.::t.::::.1:::-__ ~,,,,,r--..„.•:::7'. ~,•,•-•1;:. ........... . :•-::,;(0?-,:iii.;•:'...-...:•., . . -..- '. 1'...: ....s.-:::::::::-...;:7:•::::::.:.:: - .. ••••••••.:_i;:F:::- ' .:, -F,',,=:•:;•;;;•.-.. , ... • ... '..•::: -.:.::.:.:::,;`,. \,:•,'...,.`i,'',,----.. ......... ------tri:,E-1-::7 ..... ::::::::,,ivr, : : ~,,,...:,,>:-;•:', . . ,:.:- .:.: •,::::::::::: \ \ •\ '',::::-.4., ,::: ............ . ...... , ... :: : . ::::_____ ~,,,, ~,;..,,,,,., ~: :::' : ':•*:•::.:, \X ... ',. ---.='-!'-'..---,-;!',A - ~..:-...-,.....,,,:,,:, :::'' ': : -::::E1:1,-.:1' ~,;:;•:F:4; • :.::. . ..., : ~..::.:..:•-',..;:,;••\ N.\\_,-;L:i1::;.s:-:•'_--1J.-:..:_...;•:-.:•,---;-..-:.---:-...-.:-.--:-. ....... .. . ..:•i-..4ii:-;;:-- ..,_: t.;n,-;;;;--:.:.:. ..-.... .-. '....., ..•-:•••...:.•...5.-; N k`-`,:.`--______'::'"--,---,,--,-,Z;'-'l4-L-4-ii:......'-':l.;='-‘1.:f....'i.--:',..,....ii:: ... i: ....... ::,45.f..-___ . ,- -.-...'...-L-:,--...- ~.,„ . . :.-,...•:......•:.......5.:::".•,..::-..,..,,, .N,,,,,`,.,__.,'17-.::..77------7.;„...._,...------4...„-.'l-ii.:,'-!414,t,-, ......_,lg.iii.P-',."..-0'- ' -±--:-. -,A---Y.,-;:.5-:,.:,-,*,..%.;;;::;•••:.•-;:-• - . -, ' -•.-- , ~.'''c•:•;••'t,.?"7.';,..-.-r'.-7-:';':,;;=.;-;.:..,,Li•-...; l''..q.ii,:-...;-::* '4n:-7':.'4*---72-777.-:::::'••••-'7•7'.::::74-...*A-1.-4.V" .r- ''---- " '.: : - . '''77::'''.'4;4'i -.:••••••:-.*•'*1-:-...-..i.4'gri'*'?...1 ":":.: , --, -* -*'' * *' • ff"::_fi',..._z_.:*,;,;:::ii,:::7.7i...?...i,:•.?..".".•:::: .'••• ....-:1... .•:. ..:-.",-!..:. , .':-. , ..,... ,' •-•-- ; : .. ', r;•-4-1.1.7.i ................................................................................................ . ' ''' - - :::' :; • • :', ~.-•:,-_::-E-E:-Eir.ffiii,:;:if.'......,.:.:::--::::•/1.-iii.•;-.1*:;.....:::•••••::::.::::::,-;::::-.:1745'.". .•': :. - '•'• ' :*"2 • ' ' ' • f-;t:;--Ti!!!!'="7.1.'"--•.:;:*::::•:::-::::-.:1-..4fiti...-'•.•:::-....-l:':::).-;---'-'•::-'' - *;."-•-',.. ;•:..*•.' '*•' .. : * :'‘,.i..ilf:ol:l*E;,.-.,..,:if.-JJAIT:::-.=:-:.',.....'''''..•:, ::•:-.:t•':" ; ''. ..,.....,"-:,,,:,:.7'.... , . ... . •,-,...:••:: •',. ...:: :•;;;....,.-.. . :•-... -.. •: T-=•-iltiff.-;------7.7:•=:-lii•lizeisiiiitffillii.l:.i.E.i;:".._,:----:-."-•-': -- , . ..... :•,:, • '..;••.' • :''.. , -,:::. :- . , .::::....;..::,..,::.,, ',. ~,. fjE'::".--?...;':FA•1;"•--.7;-:-:.--'.,_-.1.1.;:::j.::::••-:ii-iir-4•-,t-:ii.;i::,---,.:,: ...,......f...-t,:,.... ' .:',,-..--; ~ :,; ::: •.': - .. ::',-: .........::...`.•••••• 1;:ii;'17--11"iqt-;7-F.3:-.:Ii:i'il;','-'':-.'-.7.-fj--::,;-.:•,:•Th-1---,-.=.f"',--,-A'•...",....., --.=-:;:•-f,, '. - . -..-.........- .-•.." ...:•-•::::.::-..: . ... Iti;!Q;,:?f,i'git'j'--5.f:-i-,t:1:-.:.:•--","•-.-,-,'-F.::1;':1-il:1-::•I'ii..." A --',"--;:---"?;-:-':.=4.. .-:,L .. •. - . ..........- . • -.....,........ : - :Til':ll',.',;:llf:iil:-.V,."' '-_,---j.,•-:.-%.=.-. --.: ,i :i ..- ".. -• : ....'-',...:: • '1111.;:-,;ii',41;*:::::':.:.tr;1.;iii.::::.;11g1:-:1:,.i,.ii.11.';'.4:-.:•;.:14:A/S4::-.:1:.-.--%-=-A":.:-..*::-.• • ': .. .... ~ 49 ''''•lgiiii.i'gZ:-....:.1..1„.......47:::F:.:::::..,:::.;-::::-..1--..1:7..t.::31..'1,....i,:.!:-..".t.,..;,1.J."-...--.1„1."-•-•.1-:':.•:-....:j.,-;,..A, ..:,......., ... , '''''-',':l:-.01....-.'-'-'::::.............,........:....•••;.-.;:-..4.............--....••..-..-..."-..r.:.--.•-: ...-..--... -.........-•-..., i.:. ... . ~... • ~.....:•.. ...:,....- -. . „...... . . 0-. Ffr.:. e,v• u 1.,!, ..:4 ~

===== 0002601_18990908_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON RANGERS v. LEIGH.

At Broughton, before a large attendance of spectators who were anxious to witness the opening match Result: Leigh 1 goal (2 points), Brought.n Rangers nil.

WIDNES v. MILLOM.

At Widnes, before 2,000 sp9ctatoTs. Result: Widnes 1 goal 6 tries (20 points), Millom nil.

SALFORD v. TYLDESLEY.

The Salford club's opening match ot the semon was with Tyldesley, and the afternoon being fina, there was a large crowd numbering about 6,000 people. Result : Salford 3 goals 6 tries (24 points), Tyldesley 1 try (3 points).

WARRINGTON "A" VERSUS Si HELENS "A,"

There-W-a-S-;re—r;coutaging attendanc 3on the Wilder-1 spool enclosure on Saturday afternoon when the 1899- 1900 season was opened. The A teams of Warrington and St. Helena were the contestants and punctually to time the teams faced with each other as follows :—St. Helens: Mercer back; Witmer, Hunter, Peacock and Gill, threequarters ; Heaton and Bainea, half- backs; A Houghton, R Houghton, Cavenney, G Dean, Bennett, W Pennington and Taylor, forwards. Warrington : Moores, back ; Jewkes, Rat- cliffe, Hockenhull and Wood. three-quarters ; Bate and Allen, half backs ; Eden, .Nla,n,, Swift, Cunninglown, Parker, Wilcox, Higham and Price, forwards. The epe,ning stages of the game were of an even chiracter, but the home team soon oi,wed a decided superiority in passing. ar, the visitors lines were frequently endangered. W.;od was almost over on two occasions, and when he had the line at his mercy Hockenhull made a wild pass and spoiled a certain try. It was not long however, before the scoring board indi- cated something substantial having been gained by the home team. After a little exciting play in front of the goal posts, Allen got possession and passing to Ratcliffe that player opened this season's scoring account for the Warrington "A. " team. The goal kick was a Fallon, a d then in accordance with the new rule a restart was

===== 0002601_18990908_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
1,..M....,......

RA[

9 50, 10 ▪ Padgat 55.5 28, Preatoi 'O5O. 628 Runcol Sankey M ~.undays °Sat

Eiheffiel 46, 1 1225.az Buzdave tioutl4 19, 4 0 4Ys out Thelwi 38. 4 1] Saturct 4 15, 2 51 11113,e 90 Widne 'lO, 5 „Winn. . 4 49Z 3 8 43, 3 2

&cton 30. 6, „ Altear 20,2 21

~Birm- -Cr' 4), 2 0,1 _

Birmir t 45,6 5( %Pt ?don Blickt 40, Blackr 4.5 .5 2, Blacki 6 5. 6 5 Boltot 55,7 15 4437 s on

mis. 5 4E6.94 itlam 0.4 z %143,71 , Liver 45. 13, 1973(

12 48. atturd2 11 as. Londi 15. 4 ,oudi .4 0, E tymi zl4, 65 16.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18990908_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOO2, 'is ILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c

===== 0002601_18990908_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
•' , • • TI • Makes Delicious Pastry,: Ask .for •, •• . , • ~...,. ~o I t Gl3 0 , Sold by all Grocers. " s, • 't • •

. .

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 , ,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROUSE— Earlestown

SUB-OFFIcEe *Ashton Collins Green *Golbome Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES-- Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common I (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-at., Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched I town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Heisby, & Lymm Manchester, 5.-Rast Lancashire, Yorksbire, Durham, Northum- berland, an Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, outhport, Prescot. Wigan, 0 rms- kirk Widn Earlestown London. Foreign, and the South Aidland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester . ... ... Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S.- 'Eastern, Midland, Northern, iSastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ..

===== 0002601_18990908_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m.. 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 aan tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Ni!. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 645 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nil.

from the deceiving Office at Bark ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

FOLLOWS:-

I To I Callers.

IBy Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

1 • a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 „ tll-30 . 11-45

11-30 a.m

} 12-0

k 2-16 p.m.

2-lb 1 345 ~

11 3-15 m. (

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18990908_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-56 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18990908_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FIIMAY. SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
English Watches—The Best Timekeepers. BENS sess , sEwNARGRLAKeyIN.TsEDIIw TCHES

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

Guaranteed for ACCURACY, DURABILITY, & STRENGTH, at MAKER'S CASH PRICES. In 18-ct. Gold Cases.

, BENSON'S I:f6 NEW KEYLESS ENOLISH LEVER

r,),i, ic,Etaies.

plate movement, BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH. /ER. Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold /sta.' Glass Cases, £lO, or in Hunting and Half-Hunting Cases, £l2 10s • This Watch is made to-replace Swiss Watches, and, for English 'Ke, is exceptionally low priced.

NEW KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER

for. Cr eittlemlert.

A /-plate BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH LEVER, Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold, Crystal Glass CaSES, £l2. • Thii Keyless English Lever is the Cheapest Witch of its kind ever offered to the public at the price, and super- sedes all other Watches previously sold at the price. SELECTIONS SENT ON APPRONML.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk to all parts ,of tho World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at•G.P.O. OLD WA7CHE•7 AND JEWELLERY TAZEN IN EXCHANGE. BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES, from 2.2 to MOO. CLOCKS. CIIA IN If:NGAG EMEIN'T DINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, S:c., ,tc. Post ixoo on application.

J. W. iI',EAISON, Ltd.,

H. M. the Queen's Watchmakers, = STEAM FACTORY,

62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, EC LONDON.erg!, CLOCKS for Churches, Schools. and Public Buildings, from t 5, Estimates free.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

ilfgrr 0 Z aiLia • , - 1_.........—....„.. . * , ...e; ::".:"..,,,..... 1 -- ....., ~., \ t:iii: / . .. • LEVEI- - I ' Cry- ! ma k, - i in. • ‘,l I , / ./I , -..._ --, s. f-----___.....,.... In 18-ct. Gold Cases. .- • kk, C 4 .00 •.-k..,:fot\N 7' -,7_7)4-- • /el - ill•---,',.:,:,,,. ' A I 'fa-IL :)-..L\:\.' •" . I 'k a o*l i•-' \\\ • .„. _. -,,, -•--

===== 0002601_18990908_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
' • , ! ' •.,:. , 8 i . , , p 1 L S

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Windy

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple f0r,..% Take some good Compound such a:

===== 0002601_18990908_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKIJZS ANTISILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18990908_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
}-,"1 •

IIT , ,

, . , . . , 1 4.. t . i „ ;

0

I- 4/

t

stswki

•-;;

• _ . . .

===== 0002601_18990908_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
71tturs te.i tie grittor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDEN Is. irqs of letters intended for publication must in al ca,e, seol their names and addre.?ses to the E.iitsm. :',lattor.i intend d for publi;;atioa must b 3 written on, one

side only of the piper. Corre.pon.lent3 are swou2ly advised tl write briefly. A shor: letter has much greater chance of insertion than along one.

THE ABOIIINATION OF HOARDINGS' Dear Sir.—Will you kindly allow me through the medium of youripaper, to express the strong resentment felt by the residents of Stockton Heath, in consequence of th 3 poster hoardings; recently erected. The largest of these has just been placed oppos,te property which has been altered and improved Co make it uniform and in line with other hou,e3 erected later, and to be in character with the fine road that runs past. Surely the Directors and Manager of the Canal Company cannot have given any seri- ous thought when letting the banks for hoarding purposes. Hoardings undoubtedly exist all ever the country and one does get reconciled to them sometimes, but in this case it is a different matter altogether. Stockton Heath is the most desirable residential suburb of Warrington. and a good class of houses has been erected for a good class of people. Did anyone ever dream when the houses along Ellesmere and Fairfield Roads were built, that the view of the canal and its traffics (and this was the determining cause of their erection) would ever be ob- structed, and this too by billposters' hoardings ? The residents along these roads should make a deter- mined protest against this innovation,as I learn on good authority that those hoardings may be continued in- definitely, it all depends on the req Areraents of the bill- posters—a nice prospect for the future ! The reason for this is, it is said, that those erections will effectively keep people off the canal banks; vertical fencing would be quite as effective, but of course expensive to the Canal Company. I wold suggest two measures which ought to claim sme attention—A petition from the residents to the Ship Canal Company, praying for a removal of these view-onstruct )rs. If this should prove ineffective, a more drastic step could be taken—absolutely refraining from purchasing the articles advertisscl, at the same time informing the advertisers of this intention ; the advertisements would thus have the opposite effect to the one intended. Tradesmen of the district might also refuse to use the canals—both Ship and Bridgewater—for the carriage of their goods, and inform the Canal Company te that effect. This step has already been taken by two trader- men that I know of. Such methods would be sure to prevail eventually. If a determin-d eff.nt be mad* at GoliCO, these unsightly and obstructive excoresences may very probably be removed, otherwise, there is no telling how far they may be further continued along the bank. —I am, Sir, yours truly, A STOCKTON HEATHEN.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSEII3I BREWSrEIt SESSIONS.

TEIE POLICE REPORT'.

_ Superintendent John Nield, of the E Idisbury Division submitted his annual repart on licensing in the division, at the above sessioas on Wedaesday,before Messrs Henry Reynolds (presiding), John Ockleaton, W Mortimer, and J Crosland Taylor. There wire within the district 13 full licenses, 8 beershop Accuses, and 2 others licensed to sell " off " the premises, making a to;al of 27 or one license for every 245 of the population. During the • year 2 licensed victuillers had been proceeded against, none of whom were convicted ; being an increase of two

_ proceeded agaisst the prece ling year. One beerieller had been convicted, and only one proceeded against as against none tor the previous year. Tae number of persons pr vended against for drunkenness was 31, all of whom were convicted. Last year 50 persons were pro- ceeded against and 49 con vict-d, No 1 c3nses had been reported or proceeded against for selling or delivering intoxicating liquors to children apparently under the age of 13 years. The structural alterations to the Robin Elool and Railway lan, Lielsby, plans of which had been submitted to, and approved by the justices, were not yet complete.—rne Chairman said he must object to this remark in the report about the passing and approval

of plans by them; it was not correct. They -did not approve of any plans, and it was not their duty to do so. They were there to take a cerl.ain responsibility and would not go beyond it. Re hoped it would not get into the Press th t thy approved of the plans for it was not so.—Tne Suorintnicielt sated he would strike the clause cut of ttio report.— The Ciaairmsn Ircs do.— With regard to ths report Mr. Reynolis bserved it was other gis 3 var; .astisfact- ry, especially al showing a decrease in drunkenness of 31. against 51—The only other lionising business before the c iuris was : J4111=:3 Worrall was gr inted t flaparary authority to sell at the Bridge lon, Frodsham Beiiig4.l, lately oc3upied h; Mr. Brown.—iamile: Davies, of tile It tilwav I in. II ,'s'oy, applied for a rsiiewal of his 7 day license for that place. Re explained to the Co ler., that he losiees2d two linense4 one for 6 and one for 7 days; he simply wanted the 7 days !ic-nse.—N ) objection wing risot the application was granted.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A WIDNES MOTHER-IN-LAW'S VISIT TO

SA.NKEY.

SID RESULT.

At Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday before Mr. Comber (in the chair), Colonel Ridgway and Mr, Ziba Armitage a charge was heard against Peter Phillips. Sankey, of having assaulted his mother-in-law, Jane Drummond, of Widnes. on August 19th. Ha pleaded not guilt}, *led said he had engaged Mr. Roberts, solicitor, but he was unable to come through illness. Mr. Brown objected to an adjournment of the case and said the complainant resided at Widnes, and defendant lived in a cottage on the Bs wsey estate adjoining the Cheshire Lines Railway station. Complainant had not been to see her daugnter for 12 months, and having heard that the Inspector of the N.S.P.C.C. was going to proceed against her and her husband tor neg- lecting their children she went te Sankey with the intention of doing something to allevitte the suffering of the children and to prevent if poasible, proceedings being taken. The daughter was a little melancholy at times, and they loslieved was not always altogether responsible for her conduct. Com- plainant visited the house on Saturday afternoon,August 19th. She saw defendant in the nen cote and asked him where her daughter was. He replied that she was in the kitchen. Complainant said she had been there and she was not. She asked defendant what he was doing. He said he was feeding Ilia fowls, and that was what her sons never did en a Saturday afterneon. He then made abusive references to complainant's late husband, and afterwards said his wife was insane,cemplainant was in- sane,and her late husband was insane. He said he thought complainant was a man, and when complainant asked him what he meant he hit her in the right eye with his let. She was thrown to the fhor, aed he then thumped her on the head, breast arid stomech. When she got up he again hit her on the head. She had reached for a can in getting up and smashed two little windows in the cote. Detendant then put her out into the yard. She left the premises, and going up the lane she tainted and had to be assisted by seine one from a house near by. Wiles she got into town she had to be taken to toe in- firmary and medically attended. She was not fit to be rertoved until the MJaday morning. A warrant was then applied for, and defendant was apprehended. Be was brought up at the occasional court,but a 3 there was only one magistrate present it was decided to have the case adjourned until that day. Since returning to Widnes complainant had been attended by Dr. E:ock. Complainant had no desire to be viodictive, and if defendant would undertake to behave better towards his wife, and consent to be hound ever, sloe would not press the case. If he would not give that undertaking she would press the case, for the assault was a very serious one.—Asked whether he would give such an undertaking, defendant said it was all a lie. He nad not touched complainant. Mrs. Drummond then gave evidence in support of Mr. Browne'e statement. She sald she was not able to see properly yet from the effects of the blow on the eye. —Questioned by defendant, she denied that he advised her to go and talk to her daughter, and also that she threw three peueds of flour on him. Rachael Drumm--nd, cemplainant'e daughter, said her mother had a bleck eye and was marked across the chest and stomach.

_ Inspector Hackett (N.5.P.0.C.) said he had had occa- sion to visit defendant's house. The children were neg- lected, and aa the wife wai considered unfit to look after them proceedings had not been taxon agaiust her. Defendant saw him after the case had been remanded. Be told him he had got into trouble for assaulting his I:other-in-law and asked his advice. Witness referred him to a solicitor. He said he bad already seen one, and he had advised him to pla.l guilty and apologise. He said he would do so if be could get a separation from his wife.

Defendant stated that when complainant came to the house she called him a foul name, and said he was driv- ing his wife out of her mind. He reminded her that a deter had advised him years ago to get his wife into the workhouse, and told her to go away, as he did not want any bother. Be walked into the shed and she followed and lifted a basket as if to strike him. Ho threw her on one side and Fhs fell on her face on a vice. He lifted her up she went to the hen cote, She followed him, using btd langua7e. He locked the door of the cote, and she smashed the windows. She afterwards went away, and was talking in the lane to her daughter for about a (par ter ot an hour. The magistrates b)und deferriant over to keep the - peace for six months, and ordered him to pay the costs.

To MoTakm—Mrs. Winslow' Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain ara the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button."Of all Chemists is lfd per bottle.—Advt.

TOBELCOONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Ouid 259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Go. 186. Ituaton-road London, Hairdressers fitted.—Manager, H. DUEat!. Advt

GWYLLT WAWA. A FORTNIGEIT'S HOLIDAY THEREIN.

[BY " QUILP N."] I have, on more teen one occasioe, been fortun- ate enough to 'else tiil and townlife behind me, and spend a fortnight's holiday in some portion of Gwyllt Walia—the Wild Wales of legend and his- tory—but at no time in the coarse of a compara- tively short existence have I seen favoured with each pure, unneerre eojeyment as attended my last visit to this delightful country. My head- quarters have been fixed at different places on the shores of Cardigan Bay—all of them beautiful—but the one I feel the greatest longing to return to is Criccieth, the small, romantic town high up in the bend of the noble bay. Barmouth and Aberyst- wyth possess some superiority in size and import- ance, and either is hard to beat for the beauty of , its surroundings, but Criccieth with its freshness, I quaintness, unconventionality, and above all its ' natural scenic charm compels me to award it the palm as a holiday resort, where rest and enjoyment 1 may be advantageously combined. 'Twas there hied ma this summer, while the remarkable spell of sunny weather which has made the year a notable one, was at its height. - To get to this remote part of the world is a task of some difficulty, and yet there are no less than three ways of accomplishing it—which is some- thing in its favour as a tisk. You can approach Criccieth from the North by passing through Chester, Rhyl, Llan,ludno, and Carnarvon, or by leaving Chester for Wrexham and going through Llangollen, Bills, and Delgelley to Barmouth, and then up the coast. As a third route you may join the Cambrian line at its nearest point to Warring- ton, viz., Wrexham and remain ou it until you are at your destinatiou. This is exactly what I did, though the journey is certainly a longer one than necessary. The traveller is compensated for the length of the ride by the glorious and ever-chang- ing scenery he passes through. After leaving Oswestry, the headquarters of the Cambrian Rail- ways, the single line takes us threugh valley after valley, by mountain utter mountain, and alongside such streams as the Severn and the Devey until th i coast is reached at .Aberdovey. The ride is no tedious and may be accom- plished with little inconvenience as the Cambrian Reit way Company, under the able direc- tion of Mr. C. S. Dehniss, provides through trains to all of the holiday resorts on this coast. From Aben_lovey, where I have, in fancy, conveyed the reader, the view from the windows of the railway carriage changes almost completely. After speed- ing alongside the broad estuary of the Davey, the train turns a corner, so to speak—and we have the open sea stretched out before us with the waves plashing brightly at our feet. For the most part until we come to our journey's end, the line now runs along the very edge of the coast, passing here through a short tunnel in the rock, emerging on to the face of the cliff with the sea waves dashing en the rocks underneath, and either craggy or heather- covered heights rising to the skies on the other side. At another part .of the journey the train runs throagh a sylvan glade or a sequestered hamlet, the entire route furnishing a panoramic effect which the pen cannot adequately describe. Midway be- tween Aberdovey and Criccieth is Barmouth,before entering which the magnificent estuary of the Ma wddach has to be crossed,an estuary which Words worth says can compare with the finest in Scotland lam inclined to think the poet's tribute hardly adequate, the view up the river from Barmouth Bridge being surely unsurpassable. If you look out of the carriage window on the right you had a most superb view of river and mountain scenery laid out for your enjoyment, and at this moment you could wish the train would experience some slight delay that you might drink in leisurely theVeauties of the prospect. But this is not what the train has to do—but rather hurry you through these pretty places to the destination for which you are booked. However, not to be thought inconsiderate, the Rail- way Company has provided a footbridge alongside that supporting the train,and should you be making a stay at Barmouth you can lounge about here to your hea't's content. Thera are lounges for the purpose, in fact, along the bridge. But the whistle sounds—we must away from Barmouth and its many delights. Still keeping to the water-side we shortly arrive at Harlech, with its National Anthem and fine old castle. The former you can chant to yourself if the inclination seizes you, and the latter frowns down upon the insignificant look- ing train at its foot. From Harlech the iron horse conveys you to such sweet-sounding places as Talsarnau, Penrhyndeudraetb, Port- madoc —the centre for Punt Abarglaslyn and Beddgelert —and at last to Criccieth. Here too we have a castle, mounted upon a huge rock rising abruptly from the sea. The history of Criccieth Castle and its one-time occupiers is worth giving. 'Hs a bloody and romantic story, and for its derail we must turn to the guide-book. "The castle is said to be of British origin, which is very likely, although for historical purposes it may be regarded as a fortress of Edward 1., who is only credited by Pennant, however, with the two round towers flanking the entrance. The jutting rock, defended by two ditches, may be said to form an isthmus, and has been so described by Gough, in his " Additioes to Camden's Britannia." It consists of four quadrangular courts, the first of which is of irregular form, and has the remains of a square tower. Beyoni is another court, having, on the verge of the rock, ruins of two more towers, likewise square. .It is probable that the towers were all of this shape, seeing that the interiors of both the great round towers are so formed. As their archi- tecture, in its oldest surviving characteristics, closely resembles Dolyddelen Castle, Pennant and others may be warranted in the supposition that this ancient stronghold was founded by a Welsh prince. After the subjugation of Wales, William de Leybourne was appointed constable; and, a curious indication of the value of money at that time, it may be observed that the silary attached to this high office and onerous position of trust, which entailed the maintenance of a garrison of thirty men, besides a chaplain, a surgeon, a carpenter, and a mason, was one hundred pounds a year. The charge of Criccieth Castle was afterwards bestowed on a notable Welshman, Sir Hywel-y-Vwyall, or, in English phrase, Sir Howell of the Axe. He was appointed Constable by the Black Prince, who had knighted him on the field of Poitiers for his valour in battle. According to the bards, Hywel was the person who took the French king prisoner; though the honour has been generally assigned to a knight of Artois, Sir Denis de Mosebeque. As Hywel's doughty deeds on the field of battle had been per- formed with a pole-axe, that weapon entered forth- with into his coat of arms. "In perpetual memorial" of his good services, it was ordained that a mess of meat, carried and guarded by eight yeomen atten- dants, should be ceremoniously laid before the pole- axe every day, and,on removal, should be bestowed on the poor. The " perpetuity" lasted till Eliza- beth's days, but no longer; though it is thought 1 that the Yeomen of the Guard took their origin from the eight who were royally appointed to wait upon Ilywel's puiseant pole-axe. It must be re- membered that Criccieth is a borough town of some antiquity, returning a burgess to Parliament in conjunction with earner- von, Nevin, Pwllbeli, Bangor, and Conway. Its early history, shared with that of the whole of 1 this district in Eivionydd, is particularly turbulent. The county was possessed by two clans—one des- cended from Owain Gwynedd, Prince of North 1 Wales, and consisting of the houses of Cesail Gyvarch, Ystum Cegid, Clenenney, Brynkir, and Glasfryn or Cwm-ystrallyn ; the other derived from Collwyn ap Tango, and comprising the houses of Chwilog, Bron-y-foel, Berkin or Abercaiu, Gwyn- vryn, Tal-hen-bont (now Plas-hen), and Pennardd. The feuds of these two parties filled the land with blood, and they record of their time was one dreary tale of revenge, perfidy, and slaughter. This con- sideration induced Meredydd ap Ivan, ancestor of the Wynne family. of Gwydir, to quit his paternal country. "I had rather," said he," fight with out- laws and thieves than with my own blood and kindred, or be killed by them." They would quarrel "for the first good-morrow," says Sir John Wynne. 1 It was for no better cause that John Owain ap John ap Meredvdd and Hywel ap Madoc Vychan came to strife. *When Hywel fell, his mother placed her hand on his head to prevent the fatal blow,and had her fingers cut off by some of her nearest kindred. An attempt was made to kill Hywel ap Rhys in his own house by the sons of John ap Meredydd for no other reason than that their servants had quarrelled about some fishing! and the Meredydds set fire to the mansion of their foe with great bundles of straw."

Criccteth should be a lively place, one thinks, after perusing this brief account of the doings of thoee turbulent chieftains who once dwelt here. But the character of the natives has changed since then, and changed very much for the better. They still gather round the sea-front, and gaze reflec- tively over the blue waters, but their thoughts are not the thoughts of.their forefathers a century ago.

Than, the hardy folk of Criccieth bore some small reputation as wreckers, and woe-betide any strange vessel which on a dark and stormy night entered Tremedoc bay. The guiding !ight which they would observe on the coast spelt not safety, but disaster. I imagine that the heighe and prominence cf Castle. Hill were features of coesidereble useful- ness to the wreckers of Criccieth in these by-gone times. Many a stark ship must have come to grief against the rocks which now afford such an ileal vantage ground to the visitor whose energy is only sufficient to ensconce him here with a pipe and b ook as cempaniens. Reflects, frowning at you across the bight, looks astonishingly near, and in the back- ground are the dark masses of Ceder Idris, and the smaller peaks which always cluster round one of nature's mountain giants. I have lingered many an hour on Castle Hill absorbing the beauties of the scene. But in the fortnight's holiday I have pre- viously alluded to, this was by no means the only thing done during the many hours in which I had nothing more troublesome to think of than the means and methods for y own enjoyment. I was not"alone in this strange land." There was a gay party of us, numbering near a dozen, and many were the feats we performed. Once we started in the cool of early morn, trained to Portmadoc, and nere exhibited a fine indepead- ence of the coaches which run in conjunction with the Cambrian trains and convey the tourist to Bedd-Gelert —Geleree grave—through the pass of Aberglaslyn. On occasions such as this was, we were tourists in both name and nature. The con- venience of caches possessed no attraction for us. We set out to tramp and tramp we did, taking our own time, stopping where we liked, and obtaining much more enjoyment from the journey than the l'izy mortals who resorted to the conveyances. It amused Us to see the looks of pity and compassiou directed at us by the occupants of the c )aches,when one happened to pass Us en route. Teey marvelled at our method of enjoyment—we marvelled still more at their's, and were content in our confidence of superiority But I digress. We tramped to &Ad- ' Gelert, admired to the full the romantic pass which we traversed aced had lunch at the village named after the grave of one po )r hound, who, treste I un- justly in life hath been iinne nealised in death. We would have wept had it been poseible, but like Artemus Ward in the tower of London we could not shed tears over remains which had been dead so many hundred years. We looked as pathetic as possible iind in this frame of mind were caught by seme enterprising youngsters retailing photographs of Gelert's sepulchre. One of our party with a callous humour deserving reproof offered to pur- chase a" photo" of Gelert if the lad had one, but this was more than he could supply. But if there be any enterprise in Bedd-Gelert, I fully expect that a lifelike presentment of the faithful hound will ere now be prepared to meet the der.eand of the next inquisitive teurist. Leaving this lovely, mountain girt glen, we plodded onwards through Nant Gwynant Vale under a tropical sun to the head of Llanberis Pass, where a brief halt was made for much needed refreshment. Then down the Pass we went, between beetling crags and frowning precipices to felanberis, whence we took train to Criccieth, and the goo Ily feast prepared by our hostess at " Rhianfa." The 22 mile walk we had accomplished was worthy of the effort indeed, and though one or two lady mem- bers of the party were footsore and weary, none regretted having undertaken the tour. This was our most extended excursion on foot. Snowdon and Crider Idris were bete ascended, but the heat haze which hung over the mountains prevented an extensive view being obtained. After such a trip as thos- I have enumerated a day or two was spent in recuperation and laziness. Boating, canoeing, and , bathing were quieter pleasures which occupied the time agreeably. The fierce heat of "Old Sol" made the last-named occupation a necessity of frequent recurrence. Nothing more enjoyable in a physical sense have I ever experienced. With the water warm, clear as crystal,and calm as a duck-pand,one could swim about with an ease and comfort really remarkable. It is no exaggeration to say that the visitors during the time they were at Criccieth be- came actual amphibians. About the numerous charming walks in the immediate neighbourhood I need say little. A place so admirably situated as Criccieth must needs have surroundings of the most attractive kind, and in exploring them many a plsasant hour was spent. Only a mile and a half away are the Black Reck,and a number of fine caves honeycombing the face of the cliff, which is here- abouts very precipitous. When the tide is out the caves can be visited on foo', and well repay the journey, though perhaps they are the more impres- sive when entered by boat at dusk. Then, with the waves washing in and out, and arousing all sorts of sepulchral groans and hisses the experience is de- cidedly striking. There is a legend which asserts that " once upon a time"—oh, these legends ! two pipers entered a cave and losing their way in the gloom, went on and on until they emerged in the Pennant Valley some half dozen miles off. Furthermore, the said pipers played valiantly on their instruments the while. accasion- ally varying the tune with" Cri-certh "—a cry of distress, from which the name Criccieth is alleged to have been derived. Of course, nobody needs to believe a legend if he does not want. They are created, usually without any apparent foundation on fact, for the sole purpose of giving narrators and chroniclers something to talk about and stimu- late interest. A good liar, you may know, is well worth listening to at times. He and the legend-monger are near related. This legend is just as unreliable as any other. Not one at the caves betrays the remotest indication of having ever penetrated more than the modest dis- tance of 20 yards or so into the bowels of Mother Earth. These stubborn facts are ignored by the real,hoary legend of antiquity—wherein lies its own peculiar and distinctive charm. Leaving Criccieth in the oppesite direction, and about the same dis- tance away, is Llanystumclwy, a small village nest- ling under a large name. One of " Gvvyllt Walla's.' most striking characteristics is that the smallest hamlets have the largest and most awe-inspiring names. On one part of the Cambrian system the traveller halts at a station groaning under the weight of:such a tongue-twister as Llanflhangelgeneu'rglyn. Usually, he gazes compassionately at the porter reeling this jumble of consonants and vowels off with unintelligible fluency, shudders and passes on —to the next constituency with a jaw-breaking title. The village here cited, I believe would, if stretched out in one direction, just about reach two- thirds of the way down the string of syllables and other things forming its name. Such is the pleas- ant system Wales is built upon. Llanystumdwy, however, is not quite so atrocious, and moreover possesses the redeeming merit of being an exceed- ingly picturesque place. The Dwy-fawr river flaws through it, and a ramble up the water-course is one of the most delightful things imaginable. The water tumbles over boulders and stones—so doss the pedestrian—while here and there is a deep pool almost screened from observation by the close-woven foliage overhead. But "All things have an end," and this article, like the holiday, must draw to a close. I regret almost as much to leave the scenes now conjured up by memory, as I did when they and the parting were actual and real, but time and space put a limit on my wanderings. Hark w:eat Was that ? A still small voice at my elbow says "Copy!" 'Tis the "P. 0. that insatiable sprite whose demands must be obeyed, but can never be satisfied. He seizes his prey and flies, and I, perforce, must say " Adieu."

===== 0002601_18990908_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEk, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 199

WARRINGTON MARKETS.

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday new wheat "(white) fetched 3s 9d, and old wheat (white), 33 101 and 3s lid (701 b. to the bushel); old red wheat, 3s 101, new red wheat, 3s 81 ; oats, 24 and 24 Id. Flour, best seconds, per 2401 b., 183 Od. Bran, 101 and lid per 201 b. At the Provision Market prices were as follow:—Fresh bu:-ter Is 31 and Is 41 per lb.; fresh eggs, 8 and 9 for ls; fowls. 4s 61 to 5s 6il per couple; English beef, 5d to 10d; lamb, 7d to 10d; mutton 61 to 10d; veal, 801 to;11d; pork, 6d to 81. SCHOOL TREAT AT DARESBURY.

The annual treat provided out of the proceeds of a concert arranged by the master of the Daresbury School was given to the scholars attending the Daresbury,Moore,Hatton,and Preston Brook Schools on Friday. About 300 were present, those from Moore being conveyed to Daresbury by Messrs J L Jones and G W Millington, those from Hatton by Mr It Warburton, and those from Preston Brook by Mr P Tickle. Upon their arrival at Daresbury about two o'clock a field was placed at their disposal by Mr. Joseph Billington, and here games of all kinds were indulged in until four o'clock, when an excel- lent tea wai partaken of in the school. After tea games were again resumed, swingboats, &c , receiv- ing a large amount of patronage. About dusk the proceedings terminated, nuts, sweets, anri cakes being distributed to each scholar. Many ladies be- sides teachers willingly assisted in the preparation of tea and amusements,and to these thanks are due from the scholars.

ASti,or CUNNINGHAM HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATIMS.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18990908_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. THE WATE R SUPPLY.-IXPOR UANT PROPOSALS.

A meeting of the Urban District Council of Newton- in-Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday. M. C. B. F. Ibrren, J.P., L.C., presided and there were also present :—Messrs. W Co'lingwood, W Gilmour, R Stone, J Simpson,De rattersin, J H Forster, ET Evans, T Ormand, with W W Shirley (clerk), Brierley (nuisance inspectoz), Bowes (surveyor), and Lloyd (gas engineer.)

===== 0002601_18990908_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE.LATE MR. WILLIA.NI TIIONIPSON.

Prior to the comme;icsment of the proceedings, the Chairman made a feelin4 reference to the death of Mr. William Thompson, and said ha was sure Pvery mem- ber of the Council sympathised witn their fell isv mem- ber, Mr. Th impson, in the loss he had sustained. The late Mr. Thompson W<L4 a gentleman who had been connected with the district for a long tiny!. He was w4ll-known, and although he did not take any very active part in public affairs yet his influence was felt not only in his own sphere of work but throughout the distmt Renerally. Any district must sustain a loss when it loses a gentleman possessing these characteris- tics.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION.

At a meeting of the Technical Instrulition Committee a letter, dated 3rd August, was read from the Technical Instructien Committee of the Lancashire County Coun- cil offering the Council a sum not exceeding £l6l in *id of technical instruction in this district', for the year 1899- 1900. It was resolved that the Clerk write to the Via- duct Institute Technical Instruction Committee and state what the County Council are offering, and also in- form them that it is understood that the County Council have set aside a sum of money as additional grants for technical instruction purposes to deserving districts,and whether they would be abie to furnish this committee with such information as would warrant thorn in endea- vouring to obtain some share of the special grant. GAS AND WATER COMMIT I'EE. THE PROPOSED TOWN'S SUPPLY. The Gas and Water Committee at a meeting held on August 21st considered a letter from the SecrEtary of the Goner al Post Office, London, asking the Gas Committee to again consider the question of a further rebate in addition to the 10 per cent. already allowed in respect of the eas account for the quarter ended December 31st, 1898, at the Post Office, Newton-le-Willows.—It was re- solved that the Clerk a.gain inform the Post Office Authorities that the matter was carefully considered at tte time the 10 per cent. rebate was decided upon, and that tue committee cannot see their way to reopen tile question.--A letter, dated August 14th, was read from Mr R Eaton, Crow-lane, West, complaining of the in- adequate supply of water in the neighbourhood of New- ton Common: After consideration the matter was re- ferred to the Gas and Water Engineer for his considera- tion and report.—.l plan, for the conversion of the old purifying house at the Gas Works into an offic r and room for photometer, was referred to the Gas Works Ex- tension Cimmittee.

A special meeting of the Gas and Water Committee was held on Menday afterneon wen several important recommendations were made for improving the water supply of the district.—The Chairman of the special water committee reported verbally as to the proposed waterworks for a town's supply, and laid estimates of the cost thereof for carrying out the work in three stages.—After discussion is was resolved that the c m- pieta scheme prepared by the water engineer, in consul- tation with Mr Gaskin (consulting engineer), be recom- mended to the Council for acceptance and completed in three ctaees, the first amounting to a sum of not exceed- ing £7,000, to be proceedel with immediately under the powers of the N6wton District Improvement Act of 1855; and that the council b further recommended to make application to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow the sums of about £6,000 and about £9,000 respectively for the completion of the second and third stages of the scheme, and that as soon as the sanction of the board has been obtained the second portion be also proceeded with immediately, leaving the third portion to be commenced at; such period as may be de- termined upon. It was also decided that the tender of Messrs. Fawcett, Preston, and Company, engineers of Liverpool, for the engines and punip,, and of other engineering work connected therewith, except boilers, for the sum ot £2,650 be recommended for acceptance ; and also the tender of Messrs. Beeley and Company, of Elrde, for two boilers with mountings, for the sum of £740. It was funber decided that negotiations for the lease of land required for the waterworks he proceeded with by the special water committee with Lord Newton. and that copies of the complete scheme for water works prepared by Mr. Gaskin,consulting engineer, he printed and copies sent to each member of the co:nrnitteo before the next ordinary meeting. The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes. Mr. Simpson seconded and they were agreed to. HIG El WAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
IRE SEWAGE DISPCHAL DIFFICUCCYT

At a meeting of this Committee the Surveyor sub- mitted a plan showing trees in tubs and a chain and post protection of same round the obelisk on the market, and trees also in tubs at the N.E. corner of the Town Hall, and it was resolved that it be approved and adopted.—The Clerk read the report of the sub-com- mittee who hal bees appointed to consider the advisa- bility or otherwise as to the adoption of measles as a notifiable infectious disease ; from which it appeared that ia accordance with the opinion of the Medical Officer of Health, the sub-eommittee could not recom- mend the adoption of meas'es or any other infectious disease as notifiable other than those specifically named in the Act. It was resolved that the report be approved and adopted. As instructed at a previous meet- ing the Surveyor reported upon a scheme of sewage disposal for the whole of the district on the bacterio:ogical system, in lieu of the present one, similar to the one at present in use at Blackburn, and which he and the Chairman of the Committee had visited A plan was also submitted shewing a pronosed sewer from the neighbourhood of Mill-lane and Newton Hall to the Central ()Jaen Sewage Works. After discussion it was resolved that the whole question be referred to the several Chairmen of Committees (Councillors Berron, JP., Collingwood, Ormand, Wood, Simpson, an Dr. Patterson) with Councillors Stone, J.P..Slee,aud Beatty, for their consideration and report. A letter, Was read from the London and North Western Railway Company, requesting to be informed how the question of sewage from the neiehbourhood of Newton Common now stands. The Clerk was directed to say in reply that the matter was receiving the careful consideration of a sub- committee. It was resolved that the Clerk write to the Manchester Warehouse Company, Bridge•street, E 'ries- town, adverting to the advertisements stencilled by them upon the public footpaths in different parts of the the district, and request them to at once desist from the practice, as the Council cannot allow the footpaths to be disfigured in that manner. The minutes were passed on the proposition of Mr. ColEngwool seconded by Mr. Evans. MEDICAL OFFICERS REPORT.

The report of the Medical Officer Of -Health for the quarter ended June 30:h was read before the Highways and Sanitary Committee and adopted. Dr. Watkins re- ported that there were registered 160 births ani 59 deaths. The birth rate was 423 and the death rate was 15.6 per 100'0, of the estimated population. The infantile death rate was 139 per cent. The deaths under 5 years of age were 32 2 per cent of the total number of deaths. During the quarter 72 cases of scarlet fever were noCfied, but fortunately the character of the epidemic was of a mild type, only one out of the 72 cases being fatal. In the last month of the first quarter of the year there were only 7 cays of the disease notiflei. In April the numb3r was 20, in May 37 (the culminating point), in Juna 15, ' From July let to 6:h nine cases were notifled,and thence to thetime of writing(Juiy 21) no case had been notified. The distribution of the zymotie cases was—Town Hall Ward, 5 ; Viaduct Ward, 13; Crow-lane Ward. 14 ; War- grave Ward, 35; Newton Ward, 11; total. 78. Thus the zymotic sick rate (notified cases) was 5.1 per 1,000 of the estimated population- The deaths certified from zymotic diseases were scarlet fever, and diphtheria (notifiable and notified), 1 each, measles and whooping cough (non-notifiable), 2 of the former and 3 of the latter. Of the 34 cases of scarlet fever notified from Wargrave Ward. 19 occurred in Vulcan Cottages. He could not account for this markedly increased local in- cidence of the disease, unless it was that the close pre v- mity of the cottages to the Newton Brook exposed the dwellers in them to the noxious emanations from the brook—which was here very bad, and so their standard of health was lowered, and their power of resistance to disease lessened. The other 15 case; in the ward were pretty evenly distributed over the rest of the ward. It had been a most serious misfortune that since the 18th April last our power of isolation has been almost abro- gated (from April 18 to May 16 it was so entirely). Only two cases were admitted in May,and one in June, to the isolation hospital. In the whole quarter only ten cases of scarlet fever were admitted. GENER 1.1., PURPOSES COMMITTEE.

This committee met on August 21st. Tho report of Dr. Patterson and the Clerk, of the proceeding's of the annual conference of the Urban District Council Associa- tion which was held in London on the 19th and 20.11 of July, 1899, was read, after which it was resolved that the report he approved and accepted, and that the thanks of this committee be given to the deputation for the very serviceable information contained therein. Thee minutes were passnd on the proposition of the Chairman seconded by Mr. Evans. MR. GILMOUR AND THE COST OF BORING.

Mr. Gilmour said he had givon notice to ask the Chairman of the Finance Committee for rartilulars of cost up to date of the borehole for water. He had asked the veition many times during the last few years, but he had never been able to obtain a satisfactory answer. He believed it had been the pressure of himself and others, that had brought the Water Committee to its senses. (I.oughter.) They had been learning for five years, but it was only now that he had been able to ePt the information that the cost of the borehole was £1,200.

He was happy to say that the resident; on the Common might anticipate a gold supply of water betorm long, becau,e the Chairman had given them a guarantee that they would 13-2 .ble to cbraiu from the new pumping s-ation as much water as they ha l been able to obtain from the L.md-in and Nr.,rth- Westr;ra Railway Company. He was now satisfied thAt he had been able to" drag " out of the Committee the cost of the borehole.

Mr. Ormand : Not" dragged" out, Mr. Chairman. (Laugkter.) . _ _ _

s The CoaCrrnan said he congratulated the Council and the ratepayers upon the work the Council had been able to do that day in furthering the water scheme. He trusted that the anticipations of the parties who ha i been consulted in the matter would he realised to its fullest extent, and that the whole district w-,uld be sup- plied with an ample and good supply of water. Every- thing that was possible had been done lor the Water Sub-Committee, and the members had devoted a con- siderable amount of time and attention to it. He hoped it would turn out satisfactory, and be of Lericfi,s to the district generally. PROPOSED OPENING OUT OF STREETS.

Mr. Colline,wood, in pursuance of notice duly given to the Clerk, brought forward the question of the desira- bility of making representations to the interested parties for the opening out of various streets or desirable streets wit Lie the district which might be conducive t 3 the public utility. In order to make the qaestion clearer to the members of the Council Mr. Coiling% ooc.l had prepared a plan showing the streets it was desirable to open out. He said there was a great want in the district of more direct roads between various parts of the district. There had been a gradual growth in the Earlestown, Newton, and Wargrave districts and as far as he could see this growth was still increasing—he might say rapidly increasing. They had been providing for this growth in gas and water extensions but as far as he could see no definite or systematic plan had been laid down for the extension of roais between outlying parts: Small colonies of buildings had sprung up in various places but viewed as a whole they presented a very higgledy-piggledy appearance. Thera was a great need of the question being tackled in a more general spirit and on more deliberate lines. At present in certain part 3 they had a perfect maze of streets without through communication and in some cases they were partially barricaded. There seemed to be no desire to view the town as a whole. Each wan i had been worked out sectionally. The residents getting to and from their work fefqnently complained of the round-about way they were compelled to g.) to their work, On the plan which he had prepared he had suggested several desirable improvements, and no doubt others would suggest them- selves to members of the Cluncil. They had now from 5,000 to 6,000 workpeople in the district and the con- struction of through roads would be a great boon to many of them. He therefore proposed that the Council take steps to represent matters to the various parties in- terested.with a view to getting the wants suppliet

Mr. Gilmour srconded the resolution, and s-tated that the suggest-d through road from Wargrave-road to Crow-lane was a very desirable one. He thought Mr. Pardey might be induced to meet toem in a reasonable way in this matter, and he was pleas2d Mr. Collingwood had taken such an active interest in the work.

Mr. Forster also spoke in appreciative terms of the proposed improvements. - The Chairman said it was a very important cpestion. There was no doubt that in various Darts of the town- ship it would be very desirable to have the streets opened out, ani if the proper awhorities were approached they would probably reasonably consider the subj.,ct. The resolution was unanimously carried,

===== 0002601_18990908_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MIL JAMES JOHNSON.

FUNERAL SERMON AT PRESTON BROOK.

On Sunday evening, a large congregation assembled at Preston Brook Chapel, drawn together in bonds of sadness, by the great loss the chapel has sus- tained by the removal of the late respected saperin- tendent of the Sunday school, Mr. James Johnson, whose death was recorded last week. The preacher was M 7. R. H. Paulette of Runcorn, and he founded his re- marks upon the first few verses of St. John xiv., " Let not your hearts be troubled : ye believe in God, believe also in Me. In my Father's house are many mansions ; if it were not so, I would have told you. Igo to pre- pare a place for you." Having spoken of the text as the most beautiful passage of Scripture—one so beauti- ful that the young and the old both grasped its full meaning, and could neither add nor abstract anything, or set forth anything that the text itself did not most fully and beautifully show,Mr. Posnitt went on t 3 show that the word •‘ mansion" in the original meant a "place of refreshment"—where one could refresh himself whilst upon a journey, and it was this which suggested to theologians the idea of degrees in heaven. Not being a theo!ogian, however, he would net follow that thought any further. He only wished to point out, how, in the life of him who had so recently been taken away from them,;this " mansion " this place of refreshment had ever been his stronghold. His faith was foundsd upon the rock-bed of the Lord Jesus Christ and was firm to the end. At the conclusion of a most eloquent dis- course Mr. Pcsnett added it was his intention t 3 read to them a few of the items that went to make up their departed brother's career :—"James Johnson was born in Runcorn in May, 1815. In due course he attended Brunswick School as a scholar, until, on attaieing the age of 15, be was appointed a teacher of a junior class. A year later, aged 16, he became a member of society, and joined the class, and had been a faithful member in Christ for the last 67 years. That year he was appren- ticed to his tradeeand, when he came out of his time he went to Liverpool to earn his living. Whilst at Liver- pool he usod to worship at the Old Pitt-street Caapel. At the end of two or three years' time he returned from Liverpool to Runcorn and shortly afterwards returaed to Preston Brook (about 1840,) since which time—with the exception of two years healed closely identified himself with that place of worship. Brother Johnson had been connected with the Sunday School of that place since 1844, and had been superintendent for upwards of 50 years and also a class leader for a like period or longer, and with the excep- tion of the two years already mentioned he was most intimate with the church up to the hour of death. It would be in the year 1871 that Mr. Johnson removed to Runcorn, and in that connection the preacher read the following interesting letter.whicts had been found amongst Mr. Johnson's papers after his death. The letter headed spoke more fully that he could of the love ami esteem in which he was held :—" Pres- ton Brook, July 26th, 1871. My dear old friend.— Having heard of your expected removal from our little village, I cannot resist writing to you prior to your de- parture. Do not my old friend think that this letter is written with a view to interfere with your private matters, but kindly view it as a token of respect from one who has, heard and can well imagine the loss which your Sunday School and the village at large would sustain by your absence. For a moment let your thoughts ramble to the days which have passed and you will find that many of your old Sunday school scholars can now look back with pleasure upon the kindness displayed towards them by you, and some can also attribute to you the first sowing of spiritual good. How dark is the present—one who is loved by young as well as old is to leave the seat of his first labours, and those who he has now under his kind care training for a better country, wonder who can fill his place? It seems a simple question, but it cannot be answered. Friend, canst thou leave thy flock, and be the means of them getting astray ? Thy soothing words have been in our village, the means of shedding many a glimmer of hope to the widowed wife. Thy bright smile has been the sunlight of the fatherless child. Thy prayers at many a death-bed have been the means of pointing a creature to his God. Thy solemnity of spirit has been the means of shewing many a sinner the awfulness ot a Godless life. Thy kindly heart has reaped for thee that respect which few men can lay claim to, viz., that your contemplated loss is felt by one and all. What honours for a man! And canst thou leave? Stay. That arm which once knew not its strength is somewhat blighted by the winter of life. Rest is required for thy weary body. Rest with us ;as thou hast lived.so die—the respected of all. With every wish that you may continue amongst us, I remain, yours anonymously, a lover of the veteran superintend- ant."—Truly, continued the preacher,if he was a veteran in '7l what must he have been 20 years afterwards, when a spotless life at which no one could throw a stone was brought to a close in peace. He remembered seeing him on his death bed, and sat with him reading the 121st Psalm, but so strong and thorough was their dead brother's hold of the Scripture, that he was reciting it himself and leading the reader before many verses had been read. Finally, Mr. Posnett concluded with an appeal for volunteers to continue the work so stead- fastly carried on by Mr. Johnson, for whom they mourned as for the loss of one whose place could not be " Elijah wa3 dead ! Who was there to take up his mantle ?"—During the service the favourite hymns of the deceased were sung.

The Light Wines of Germany, so appreciated in the Summer Season, are in favour with the Medical Profession. " Zeller," from the Moselle district, is a wine light and palatable, and guaranteed absolutely pure. At the exceed- ingly low price of is a bottle, it is generally consilered tube of wonderful value. It Can be obtained of all W, &A. GILBEY'S 3,000 Agents throughout the country.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FAI BEST Pj BOOTS is fANCASHIRE.—Advt. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt.

UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Adrt. ACC OUN T BOOKS RULED, PRINTED and Bauud in any Style. LEDGERS. DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS. RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

AM INER WORKS, .REWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

A RUNCORN BOY KILLED,

TERRIBLE FATALITY.

The Deputy-coroner Mr. R. Dobson, held an inquest at Runcorn Potice Court, on Monday morn', upon the body of Harry Pye, the eight year old son of Mr Mathias Pie, 13, King-street, who met his death by being accidentally run over by a waggon in the vicinity of Ferry Hut, near the Manchestsr Ship Canal.—Mr Joseph Burton, solicitor, Runcorn, appeared for the Ship Canal Company, and Messrs F Wiswall (engineer) and Captain Heasley were also present. The evidence adduced was as follows :

Mary Jane Pye, wife; of Mathias rye engineer. of 13, King-street, Runcorn,stated that the uody the jury had bean viewing was that of her son Harry Pie, agea eight. She last saw him alive in Cooper-street whNe he asked her for a half-penny. Ste gave him the coin and he wont off. About 10 minutes past 7 o'clock he was brought home very much injured. She put him to bed and re- mained with him until nearly one o'clock when he died. Dr. Robinson who was summoned gave her to understand it was a hopeless case from the first. She could herself see that the boy was injured, his left leg being cut open, and there being severe bruises about the stomach— (abdomen)—but the skin was not ruptured. The boy asked her to kiss him. She did and asked him what be had been doing, be replied " Peter Bostock bad done it by shoving the waggon." Peter Bostock said he was the son of Mr. James &s- -tock, fiatman, of 16, Alcock-street, Runcorn. Last Saturday evening he went in company with two other boys named Kirkham and Woods with the intention of catching crabs in the Ship Canal. They, however, saw a number or children playing with a waggon on the siding belonging to the Ship Canal Company, and went and joined them. He saw Harry Pye, whom he knew well, underneath the waggon " tossing on the axle." As a lot of children were trying to shove the waggon along witness called " Harry come from under." Deceased replied " I shan't." Witness and another boy named Thomas Smith then tried to push against the chil- dren who were pushing the waggon down the slope, but finding they could not stop it witness said he would leave go, and shouted to Smith to put a piece of wood in front of the wheel. Smith did not, but another boy did. The waggon, however, went over the piece of wood, and it was not until the witness "spragged" the wheel properly that the waggon stopped. The deceased had been run over by the waggon, as far as witness could tell it appeared to go right up his back. Only one wheel went over deceased. Witness then helped to extricate him and to carry him home. He carried deceased part of the way himself, He wanted to take deceased for a drink of water,and also suggested that be should be taken to a doctors,but the others pre- vailed and he was taken homa.—By Mr. Burton : There was a fence to prevent people getting to the siding but he went through not over it. The waggon would be about seven yards from the fence at the time of the acciuent.—Tne foreman : At the time of the accident was the waggon loose ? Witness t It was and anyone could shove it about.—The Coroner: Did you know you were doing wrong by going on the siding?—Witness: I did not know I was doing wrong, sir ; I was going to catch crabs.—A juror : Was there no sprage in the waggon when you first got there P—Witness: They were playing with the waggon when we got there.— the juror: You could not tell whether it was seven or 50 yards to the siding from the fence P—Witness : No, I only guessed. Thomas Smith, said he was the 12 year old son of Mr. Thomas Smith, 10, Cooper-street, Runcorn. He knew Harry Pye and saw him under the waggon but did not know how he got there. With the assistance of John Tickle he got Pye out from under the waggon and helped to take him home. First one and then the other carried him. Pye was suffering very much. There were a number of boys and girls pushing the waggon one way. —ln answer to numerous questions witness stated he saw no spragg in the waggon before the accident. There was only one waggon that the children were playing with.

Thomas Berrington. of Weston Point, stated he was a wheelwright in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Near to the siding where the accident occurred there was a repairing shed where he worked. On Saturday he was down there, and there w, re three waggons undergoing repairs. One was inside the shed and the other two were on the siding, He left off work at 12 &clock. Before that time however, he had with his assistant put the waggons into a position of safety,by placing the two together. He then got a piece of stout plank about 6 to 8 feet in length and inserted it in the aide of the waggon, having jammed down Vivi brake before doing so. He then got a screw bolt and nut and used them for keeping the brake in position in place of the ordinary brake pin.—By the jury : He left the waggon in such a state that it would be almost impos- sible for boys t 3 move it. It was a mystery to him h3cv they had got the bolt loose. The foreman : I should think so.

Mr. Francis Wiswall, engineer of the Bridgewater Canil Company, gave evidence as t 3 knowing the spot where the accident happened and of a nature tending to show that the children were trespassing on the siding which was a private one. The Company had hard work to keep the fences in repair as they were being continually broken down. The jury brought in a verdict of "Accidental death " duo to being run over by a waggon.

RUNCORN'S FORM AT WIGAN.-ROOll

===== 0002601_18990908_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR IMPROVEMENT.

[By THE " Sconcaßn."] As I anticipated, the game at Wigan, last Satur- day, resulted in the registration of the first 2 points for Runcorn in the "Great League," and a signal victory was obtained over the Wiganites, both matters for great congratulation. At the same time, better form will have to be shown before the Club's followers can become filled with confidence and enthusiasm. Of course, in saying this, I make the due allowances for the first "turn-out," and also for the fact that the team may have realised from the first that the issue of the game was never in doubt. Sam Houghton caused me a deal of anxiety in the first quarter, and after all I was beginning to think the Isle of Man trip was not RO beneficial as hoped ; but in the latter stages of the game— though Sam had not come back with the three-legs —he gave evidence that his " two " were capable of some tremendous punches. Both half backs, Jolley and Faulkner, were good, Seldom, indeed, could their performances be equalled—not even by the " two Macs" of stage fame (Macfat and Mac Lean. Of the three-quarters, the palm must go to Butterworth, whose display was solid throughout. Warder and Wilkinson also worked hard,hat lacked the finish of the little man Jones, though he man- aged some occasional smart things; on the whole exhibited some weak tendencies. The forwards gave good evidences of quality, but as I said before, there's room for lots of improvement. Conspicuous amongst them were Walker, Gayter, and Lightfoot, all of whom exhibited fine qualities, A SPARKLING EXHIBITION.

Runcorn's performance again,t Swinton.-11 points to three ! Look at it ! Think of it ! In my mind I am living the battle over again, only instead of seeing each separate detail and gaze upon the whole display and have but one word in which to express it—Finished ! Yes that is the only word that can adequately describe those quick passages, those bewildering melees, in which all appeared confusion, but which were all the outcome of per- fect organization, In the Wigan match certainly there was something wanting, but who would have thought the improvement would have come so quickly and at the same time so perfectly. Yot it has come : and come to stay ! Phoenix like the old Runcorn has died and out of the ashes there arises a new "hird"—the linnet.—Two slashing vic- tories within the week,and another to come for truly unless some one can work wonders in the ranks of the Widnes team by next Saturday the match be- tweed the "two sides of the silver streak" can hut have one result, But back to the battle. To what do the victors owe their triumph ; to unity, grit, and determination. Houghton was again himself, this time never a moment of anxiety did he give. The three-quarters all worked well, Butterworth, Warder, Wilkinson, and Jones—(yes oven Jones had recovered his nerve)—were all there. But it was Jolley perhaps who figured first and foremost. He was the figure in the centre around which the rest formed the glorious setting—and throughout the whole union one may look but they will not find a better display of drop kicking than that of Jolley. Faulkner what of him you ask—well lots— but only to mention one of the exhibits he 7,s,ye would speak of that bout of passing which resulted in the most brilliant position the game reached towards the close of the last half. The ether figure s in the "part" were Butterworth and Jones. Then the Runcorn pack— opposed as it was by as fine a pack as ever put heads together—who shall find fault with one of them, surely not I, Not a lazy man, not a wooden man, not a single dummy amongst them. It would not matter which was mentione-4 first--they all deserve that honour, and may they continue to deserve it is the hope of the " Scorcher." Now, what are we going to do with Widnes next Saturday ?—well, just romp over them, for the dis- play of the Widnes team—though of course they beat, Minoru on Saturday last—was streets inferior to that of any display Runcorn have given us yet. Go in and win Runcorn ; but go in with your eyes open, play every inch of the way. Don't let us have any holding cheap and there is but one result, the " hat trick."

When asking for Cocoa, insist on haying C ITRYA --sold only in Packets and Tins as other Cocoas are often substi- tuts.3 fcr the sake of extra profit.—Advt (1)

LATEST NE \V.

THE TRANSVAAL CRISIS. A.N ULTIMATUM EXPECTED. MOVEMENT OF BOER TROOPS _ . _

The " Morning Post "-s-econ-d-;litic;ri—co-niains the fol- lowing telegram from its special correspondent at Pie- termartizburg

" Pieterma-rtizburg, Wednesday.—l have received a telegram from a source at Ciipe Town, which I regard as authoritative, stating that an ultimatum goes for- ward to-morrow. Mr. Pakeman passed through Pietermaritzbury to-day. 1 understand the Boer Government has or would have received a despatch from Sir Alfred Milner demanding Mr. Pakeman's release.

" A speci4l train containing 800 -13O;r-s. left Pretoria last night, and followed the Natal mail from Elands- fonteiu. Thoy alighted at Standerton. The troops here are ready to march at two hours' notice.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN THOUSAND TROOPS FRONCINDLi TO BE

MOVED IN A WEEK. The Central News says on most reliab:e authority that in consequence of reptattd representations made to them from Natal, the Government have undertaken to move 10,000 troops from India to Natal within a week.

DEA.TH OF A CHESHIRE J.F. News arrived at Sandbach yesterday of the death of Mr. John Aaron Howard, J.P., for Cheshire, who died on Wednesday at Keigmet, Sussex. The deceased gentle- man was the owner of Breret3n Hall, formerly the seat of the Brereton family, famous in the Civil War. Be was one of the parties in the Howard will suit last year. Mr. Howard was 47 years of age, and leaves a wife and one son aged three years.

THE WEATHER LATEST LOCAL FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuist twenty-four hours in the north-west of Eagland wae issued at the Meteorological OffiC3 at three o'clock yes- terday afternoon :

Southerly and south-westerly winds, light ; cloudy. Some rain.

VIOLENr STORM IN PARIS.

PARIS, THURSDAY. A violent thunderstorm burst over Paris shortly before nine last night. Rain, mingled with hailstones of re• markable sin,fell in torrents, and in half as hour many streets and boulevard 3 were transformed into so maay lakes.

DESTRUCTIVE OUTBREAK OF FIRE AT ST. HELENS.

An alarming and destructive fire broke out at the Globe Chemical Works, St. Helens, owned by the United Alkali Company, yesterday morning. At three o'clock the engine house was found en fire, and the fleors and woodwork being saturated with oil the flames spread rapidly, and soon the entire building was blazing furi- ously. The Corporation fire brigade, under Super- intendant Lyon attended with the steamer and hose reels, and found that the roof and two floors had fallen in. The extensive vitriol chambers, cased with wood,. and valuable oxidising plant, were situated within a few yards of the burning building, and the brigade, by desperate efforts, prevented their ignition. The engine house was cnmpletely gutted, and will necessitate a stoppage of workmen in that department for some days. It is not known how the fire originated, and the dam- age, the exteut of which has not yet been ascertained, is covered by insurance.

===== 0002601_18990908_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
YESTERDAY'S CRICKET.

ROME COUNTIES v. REST OF ENGLAND.—Home Counties, 288 for 8.

THE HEAD 31ASTERSHIP OF HEATESIDE SCHOOLS. "Mr. John W. Parker, undergraduate of London University, will take up Mr. Finney's duties on the Ist October" says" St. Paul's Parish Magazine.' "Mr. Parker is a keen and successful educationalist and loyal Churchman. His attainments are of a very high order, and his practical work has been most remarkably succeQsful, so that we predict a very useful career for our new headmaster." THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND InoN COMPANY, LTD. The directors have decided, subject to final, audit, te recommend the payment of the ususl. dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum on the preference share°, and a dividend of 5 per cent. (free of income tax), for the year ended 30th June last, on the ordinary shares after adding £lO,OOO ta• the reserve fund, £15,000 to the depreciation fund,. and carrying forward a balance of £7,626 4s. GREAT SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD. A meeting of the Great Sankey School Board Was- held on Saturday, there being present: Messrs. Halton, Perks, Wright and Kilshaw. Pending the election of chairman, the clerk took the chair. On the proposition of Mr. Wright seconded by Mr Perks. Mr. Halton was unanimously elected chair- man for the ensuing three years. Mr. Halton hav- ing taken the chair,Mr. Wright was on the proposi- tion of Mr. Kilshaw seconded by the chairman, elected vice-chairman for the ensuing three years. The treasurers account showed a balance in band of £l7 2s 7d. The report of the headmaster was $e follows :—Weok ending July 29th, on books 316; present, 286; average, 258.7 ; fees, 10s 4d; week end- ing August sth,cn books, 318; present,2Bo ;average, 251.1 ; fees, Os 8d; week ending August 12th, on books, 316; present, 271 ;average, 239'6 ; fees, 98 4d. week ending August 19th, on books, 313; present 278; average, 248.9 ; fees, 9s 6d; average attendance • for the month, 249.5; total amount of fees, £1 181. 10d.

SR rrington.—Printed and y J Publisl d b NVALic}: 19 0 • Co., at at The Examiner General Printing Works,also street, and published by them at the same place an at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, wwwEs; 4 10- street, ST. HELENS, and 3, Market-street, LutrXsTei%o the County of Lancaster and alga at High-street, EIVICv r.in the County of Cheeter.—SE TE3113K3 E. 1889,

===== 0002601_18990908_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL. FORSTER-STREET„ WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. SEPTEMBER 10TH as followsi—Preachers. Messrs T TAYLOR and J. MADDOCK. Worship 10-30. School 2. Gospel 6.30. All seats free. No collection. Books provided.

AVARHINUTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. tRAWING, MODELLING, PAINTING, DRAPED LIFE. CLASS DESIGN, WOOD-CARVING. The DAY CLASSES will RE-OPEN on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 19Tit. For particulars and fees, see Syllabus (Postage 1d). CHARLES MADELEY (Secretary).

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE EVENING CLASSES. SCHOOL OF ART. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. The Session will commence on MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 18tY, New Classes in Mathematics (Stage III), Theoretical Mechanic, Botany, Cookery (Adult class). For Time-table and Fees, see List of Clases, ready shortly. CHARLES MADELEY, Se3retary. The Museum.

ANT AR RI N G TON MUSICAL SOCIETY' SEASON 1889-1900. The REHEARSALS will be resumed on TUEQDAY, SRP - TEMBER 19th, in the TRINITY SCHOOLROOM, MUSEUM-STREET, at 7-33 p.m., for Chorus and Orchestra together. The work or the performance at the First Concert is GOONOD'S " FAUST." Copies of the music may be obtained from Mr. Pearson's Bold-street, price 3s each. A few chorus parts only on hire at 6d each at the pra2tice room. The Conductor will attend at 7 p.m., to hear intendhag new Members. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. 22, Bold-street, September 9th, 1899. OHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—The TECHNIC&L kJ INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE OFFERS FOR COMPETITION TWELVE SCHOLARSHIPS available at the Agricultural School, Holmes Chapel,for eight weeks. These are open to persons of 17 years of age and up- Wards, and are of the value of £6. For particulars and forms of arplintion, apply to the Undersigned before September 25th. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe.

RUNCORN UNION. CONTRACTS FOR PRO- VISIONS AND SUPPLIES FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDING MARCH 315.1'4900. THE GUARDIANS OF TH[ S POOR OF THE RUN- CORN UNION are deairous of rec,iiving TENDERS from Parties willing to CONTRACT for the supply of FLOUR, OATMEAL, GROCERIES, PEAS. CHEESE, SALT BUTTER ; COD LIVER and PARAFFIN OIL : QUININE ; GOOD BEEF, to consist of vein pieces intact and Flat Ribs With Bone. One Round weekly not to exceed 251b5., and 501b5., per week of the Best Butcher's Meat for the Officers, and bides of Mutton; BREAD, HOME-CURED BACON, POTATOES, WHEAT,STRAW, DRAPERY,and CLOTHING; Men's,Wonlin's.Boys' andlGirls' S HO C S of various sizes,as per sample to be seen at the Workhouse, Dutton, and 'hoe Mend- ing ; HOUSE COAL (Colliery to be named; GOOD DEAL COFFINS, spec;fying size, and including plate with name, age, and date of death, to be delivered in the Urion when and where required; CC KE ; CARTING at per mile ; FUNERALS at per Funeral. Parties Tendering for the supply of the above-mentioned Goods will be required ti deliver the same at the Workhouse, free of cost to the Guardians, how and woen required. Tenders to be accompanied with samples (except Drapery Goods) as far as practicable. Tile Guardians du not b:nd themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. Persons desirous of tendering must apply by letter to my office, in Runcorn, for a printed Form of Tender (and none Other can be entertained), waere a Schedule of the various articles required and further particulars may be obtained. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Guardians, to be forwarded to the Clerk's Office, Runcorn, on or before Saturday, the 23rd day of September, 1899, endorsed" Tender for ' The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the Guardians to be held in the Board Room, Dutton, on the 26th day of September, 1899, at 12.45 p.m. Parties whose tenders are accepted must enter into a written Contract, and be prepared to enter into a Bond with two sureties if required by the Guardians. By Order of the Board. GEORGE F. ASHTON, Runcorn, Ist September, 1899. Clerk to the Guardians.

BRADLEY PASS & Co., 68, HANOVER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 2 DOORS FROM BoLD-STREET. PRAMS MAKICHS, GILDERS, AND DECORATORS, ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLOURS, OIL PAINTINGS, VERY CHEAP.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS Q LiWEETMAN'S NEW NAFURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. ed. T t,ILS OF PURR HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING Glt WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- AV. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. -- pIANOS By all Leading Makers ORGANS Cash or Hire Purchase. pIA:TOS Prices and Terms to suit all pockets. ORGANS Instruments delivered FREE to any part on receipt of first month's instalment. punos no Bondsmen or Securities required. ORGANS PIANOS from 10s. 6d, per month. ORGANS from ss. per month. PIANOS Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. ORGANS (Mention this Paper.) RICHMOND JONES AND SONS, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

TIIE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). lIKAD OFFICAs AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: !damn Street, Warrington

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S HAMS AND BACON ALWAYS PLEASE. 22, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

46 nEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," "OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. B. BROWN, 3, LEHOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. J. ECKERSLEY BEGS to announce that he has removed from 85. Bridge-street. Warrington to more suitable premises at Padgate-lane, FAIRFIELD BAKERY, fitted up with the most improved type of oven. ensur- ing the maximum of cleanliness. The premises are open for inspection at any time. Telephone 198.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. A LBO COINS. WAR MEDA LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine F:election of RARE COINS. WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

UMBRIMLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each ecoyer. Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stock. -27,MANCHESTER-BT. ; branch,9, Great George- street, Liverpo9l.

AYRTON AND SAUNDERS, GLASS BOTTLE MAKERS. 2.0ci0 VARIETIES TO SELECT FROM. 34, HANOVER-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

peUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -1-1, T. IiaCtINGTOWS Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure If Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7a 9 arosvenor-street Lon onn-road. Manchester.

TO BAKERS. TROUGHS, TINS, PEELS, RODS, SCALES, BLOWERS, CHAFFERS. PIPES. EGG WHISKS. PIE MACHINES; MIXING BOWLS, WINDOW CAKE TRAYS, BUN PROVERS, ,PIPING TUBES. TEA URNS, ICE CREAM FREEZERS, &c,, ALL BAKEHOUSE AND SHOP UTENSILS IN STOOK. PRICE LIST ON APPLICATION. M. LOWE, 24, P RES COT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 194, Edge Hill.

TI AR LO W'S TIC POWDERS. Curd Pain JLJ in Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgia, Sciatica. Rheurna t- ism. Anwmia. &c. All Chemists is id and 2s 9d. Testi- monials post-free, ILisitEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measure) TROUSICIS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE and Co., LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent ear- riage paid.

Q ERG HI JACKETS 4s 61; Cord and Mole Trousers L. 7 6s 6d ; Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth. 5s 6d. HAGUE and Co., LINiTTED, 65. Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, is. AND 6. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TMI4 BY POST IS. 3D. AND BD. EAOU. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. TELE.HowE No 700.

GOLD SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES FROM 15s. NON-RUSTING SPECTACLES .FROM 6s, 6d. G. AND N. STOKES, WORKING OPTICIANS. 10, CHURCH-LANE, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALL REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES.

DR. scurs pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR SCDTTS pILLS • Cure S Is Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. scum piLLS Ind estion nd Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S PILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. scorn PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR.S non's PILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or:cold. DR. gcorrs PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy allyl other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigkt thing, which is wrapped in a square green package DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CfILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and veinal:4e remedy ever die covered. CHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. riiILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup Ague. CIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CtILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, kc. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyue inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. it seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whate-,er cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received e. despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was OHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. ()AU:HON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—ViCk-Ohdlleblior Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLis BROWNE was, an loubtedly, the inventor of OHLORODYNii " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to Ray had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 1,, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine witkout the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CIILORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medial Itestimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great twell-str cot, Bloomsbury. London

POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S KIEL BUTTER Is THE BEST IN WARRINGTON. ALWAYS GOOD ALIKE.

E. M. ASHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTTED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND, 1899.

6 6 A. WONDERFUL WATCH." W. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitte.4 with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-N-TARKED CASE, well finis Led and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. " FOR F2tTl SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a m.nute, and will STAND ANY AMOUN V OF ROUGH WKAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch cln be ha-1 in ALL SIZ &S with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Wdrrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P.O C.

wE CAN'T BLOW A HORN. but we CAII rise the wind when it 'tomes to Gold and Silver WATCHES, JEWELLERY, and TABLE PLATE. OUR STOCK IS LIKE A STREAM— lanndretis take from it, yet it never diminishes. All we want is a chance, and we will give yon bargains to astonish you. HOW CAN WE DO IT? Well, the explanation is brief—WE LEND MONEY upon these valuable securities to private wearers, Jewellers, Watchmakers, and Silversmiths —every day doing an extensive business under conditions el STRICTEST PRIVACY and at FIXED LOW CHARGES. The UNREDEEMED PROPERTY MUST BE CLEARED, and this week a portion 01 it is offered. The impor- tance and good value must be seen to be appreciated. R. H. REED • AND SON, PAWNBROKERS AND JEWELLERS, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT (Bottom end, close by the Adelphi Hotel). LIVERPOOL.

- - SDUBLIN STOU-. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD A.ND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-itoppered Bottled. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, dte., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICI S, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWIC.K-STREET, WARRINGTON.

-TO FISH CURELLS AND FISH MERCHANTS. WM. McLACHLAN AND CO., WHOLESALE HERRING MERCHANTS, 129, BRIDEGATE, GLASGOW, Supply the Trade with LOCHFYNE FRESH and SPRINKLED HMtRINGS, by Passenger or Goods Trains, at Lowest Market Pri2es. Cash with orders. Telegram address : Lachlan, Glasgow. Telephone No. 1186.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 168. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W. P. FRANCIS AND CO. STOOK AND SHArtE BROKERS, BROAD STREET HOUSE, LONDON, E.C. INVESTMENT BUSINESS ONLY UNDERTAKEN. ADVICE ON ALL FINANCIAL MATTERS FREE OF CHARGE. REFERENCES EXCHANGED. WRITE FOR OUR MARKET REPORT AND INVESTMENT LIST.

VNEDDING RINGS.—Pura Guinea Gold =- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVHN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCH to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each put. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—RUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR & MENAI BRIDGE DAILY SAILINOS (including Sundays). THE SPLENDID PADDLE STEAMER " ST. TUDNO." Will leave th. Prince's Landing Stage Daily (including Sun- days), at 10-45 am.. due back in Liverpool at 6-45 p.m. EXTRA SUNDAY SAILING by steamer '• Snowdon," a t 11-30 a.m. for Llandudno only, at Half-Day Fares. AFTERNOON EXCURSIONS by "St. Elvies," at 2-15 p.m. on Saturday. 9th September, and at 1-30 p m. ,16t5, 23rd, and 3Jth September ; connecting with the" St. Tudno, "at Llandudno; due back at 6-45 p.m. For all further particulars apply to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP Co., LTD., T. (1-• BREW, Secretary, 2O, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Tel. No 6,066,

ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. as, ASSYRIAN for St John's N.F. and Halifax Sept 19th as. BAVARIAN for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 21st se. CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal Sept. 28th B.S. COREAN, for St. John's N.F.. and Halifax Sept. 30th s.s. TAINUI for Quebec and Montreal Oct. sth B.S. SIBICRIAN for St. John's N.F., and Halifax Oct. 10th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabm £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS t CO., 19, James- St.. Liverpool: or to J.S. GREEN. 34. Bridge-at., Warrinite

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. oa . Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) .7 . BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10-55 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington First class and Saloon 231 6cl Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s Od } alongside Third class and Fore Cabin.lls Od steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for gc ing via Barmy and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or rice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares First-class and Saloon 19s Od Third-class and Saloon 13s 6d Third-class and Fore Cabin The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be EXTRA sailing. every SATURDAY, July Bth to SEPTEM- BER 2nd., in connection with train leaving Warrington at 225 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE & CO.. Barrow.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON ROAD, IS NOW SHOWING ABSOLUTELY THE BEST AND MOST LADY-LIKE MILLINERY IN LIVER- POOL. ALL GOODS NOW AT END OF THE SEASON PRICE

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 14. - LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. MAJESTIC Wed., Sept 13 I TEUTONIC Wed. 5ept....20 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit tree of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tol IRMAY. hauls, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhal street, Lundnn

T ,IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, callinj •1114 b. at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR Or other steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). SEPTEMBER. t FROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Saturday 9th 1 p.m. Tuesday 12th 2 p.m. 630 p.m.* Thursday 14th 5 p.m. Saturday 16th 2 p.m. 630 p.m.* Tuesday 19th 9 p.m. Thursday 21st 2 p.m. 630 p.m,* t From Clarence Dock. South-West Side * By Train from Central Station to East India Wharf. ORDINARY FARES.— Cabin (single). 101.; return (available for two months), 15. ; steerage, (single) 55 ' • SPECIAL FARES: —Cabin return (available for ten days). 12s 6d. Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Chsshire Lines between War- rington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and 01• Me Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVER & CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMEA.:, (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPooL From DOUGLAS. Daiky...lo 30 a.m., 21; 2 p.m. I Daily 9 a.m., & 3.30 p.m. EXTRA SAILINGS Fridays Saturdays ...5 p m A 12-30 nt I FLEETWOOD TO DouGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily on arrival of train due 2.15 p m I Daily 8.30 a m FLEETWOOD To RAMSEY, via Douglas Tuesdays, Wednes- days, Thursdays and Fridays. LIVERPOOL To RAMIE!' direct.—Mondays, and Saturdays. at 12-30 noon. Via Douglas, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. and Fridays, at 2 p m• The most enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow Is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailinga Ac., free, or postage id. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., Douglas. LANGLANDS' SAILINGS GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or other StEamer : From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarence Dock. Berth .No. 24. North Side Tues, Sept. 12th 2 p.m. Sat, Sept. 9th 2 p.m. Sat. Sept. 16th 8 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 14th 2 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 21st 11 p.m. Tues. Sept. 19th 2 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central; to Greencck at 6-30 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Single, 10s. ; Return, valid for Two Montht, 15s Steerage, Single, ss, SPACIAL RETURN TICKETS, valid for 10 days only, are issued at 12s 6d Cabin ; 7s 6d Steerage. M. LANGLAND'S AND SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

Buy&youß GROCERIES CHESHIRE CHEESE DIRECT FROM THE BEST DAIRIES. AT THE TRADE SUPPLIED AT POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S, POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S 22 BUTTERMARKICT STREET, AND SAVE MONEY. WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDERELLAS : SIX BOXES FOR .18s. 6d. AT W. SHAW'S, (WHOLESALE DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS', COPES', HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC. SOLE ADDRESS: TOP LOCKS„ RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, !cc. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOIOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECT&) PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL ALL ABOUT TO FURNISH SHOULD VISIT THIS POPULAR ESTABLISHMENT. INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK AND NOTE THE REMARKABLY LOW PRICES FOR CASH ONLY. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40/- DELIVERED. FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE.

TAM O'Sl-14,NTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST HER ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast ' Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depbta and Show Rooms 359 9 NORTH JOHN STREET LIVERPOOL. BLEPHONB No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FOR WARRINGTON: MR. A. STANWAY. 37, BUTTERMARKET STREET. SOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK. IllormoNGE}ss.

WILLIAM I_, IND OP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, IaRBEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, - GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered Po R PARLoUR, Quoits, and Repaired. Chun& Puff and Darts, - at PUBLICS. Skittles, &c. Esbimates given. 38, SHUDERILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHEDNEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

- T IVERPOOL TO BELFAST. JL../ SHORT date TICKETS (one month) Issued Saturdays. Return Saloon 10s. Return Steerage 4s, S.S. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday. and Saturday, from West side St. George's Dock SATURDAY, SKPT 9th 11 0 p.m. t TUESDAY, SEPT. 12th 12 0 p.m. *THURSDAY SEPT. 14th 9 30 p.m. *SATURDAY, SEPT. 16th 10 30 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. tAs soon after midnight as tide permits Single Saloon Bs. Return 12s 6d. Single Steerage, 3s 6d. Return 5s 6d. Send for new Edition "Peep. at Irish Scenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CLEARANCE CYCLE SALE. HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. 1,000 VARIOUS CYCLES TO SELECT FROM. • PRICES TO SUIT ALL. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. STOCK MUST BB CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST, PREVIOUS TO REMOVING TO NEW PREMISES. 'Cal! and inspect. Must be seen to be believed, the Genuine Bargains now Offered. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED 12 MONTHS. - Agents for OSMOND, SINGER. RALEIGH, DRAGONFLY, PALMER JARROW, HOLLIS. ASCOT, SA.NSPAREIL, CLEVELANDS, GROSVENORS, RAMBLERS, LEANDERS, CAMPIONS, ad HARDIE CYCLES. THIS IS A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME, TO GET SUCH HIGH-GRADE CYCLES AT SUCH LOW PRICES AS THEY ARE BRING OFFERED. I ill IE 16, BARD , ERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

• - ---,-_,=—=,_-_-.. ~..• ,-... -",=., -r- -'-- --,-,----,-7 - r. 5 - ' V- 2_ • • ,-; .--_--.;? is --"---f-- --. _.4 -------..----- -- - --f = --,--=__;._-- -- -,... _-•,•• -.:-_, - - ._:- ,- •-, --_------: -----,-------..------,--= . -----•e•--- ......--• HIGH CLASS —__—___-__, --- ----- _ _ —.--...., . ---.---_---- _ ...,".------ -------- ._., - , A -. ,- - • ff. ilk_ __ \,'' - - , ~e,-_•••°===9 - - ,- . - - ----- ---4-''- _ - MADE FROM FRESH HOME-GROWN FRUIT. Celebration of the Twenty-Fifth Anniversary, July, 1898. COMMENTS OF THE PRESS. The News --" We ara sure that our readers will agree that it is far better to buy their preserves MANUFACTURED FROM FRESHLY-GATHERED FRUIT, amid fresh Pnd br autiful surroundings to those manufactured in Close proximity to London slums and after the fruit itself has travelled miles by railway to reach the factory. The English pul4lic ale not slow to recognise merit, end we are glad •to hear that before att,Strawberry had been picked this season half the present output of th- factory for the year has heri sold for immediate delivery. Our last advice would be : If you order Chivers' Jams, as you surely will do, see that you get them." The Methodist Times :—" The party afterwards visited the spotlessly chats factory, and witnessed the whole process of Jam-making from the time THE FRUIT, FRESH FROM THE FIRLDS, entered the building, to its destination as Jam in the lass jars and bottles The cleanliness and purity of the whole process was much commented on, and the visit plowed a very novel and enjoyable ehange from the routine of London Press lite." __t.:--- ----:' i ---..---.t"'—"-- -.. ----=' --'' . _ - - .-_--- __A ,_.— = _ -- -,-- ...,..„ __ _:.: _7.----.--,, „.... _ --r---= - _ :-----------A xt---. -'.--. -7 ' --,-. -. _i-_-- -_, .. ,_..- - -- _,--,-1 ...,-- - - - ---..---- 4 HIGH CLASS - -. , -------:-,L.--.,..- - -.;-t---1-z----._:-. ---- ---_----4,-- , -_,. - - _____ -7-:-=-_-:_-_fE-,_--7-------. -- MADE FROM FRESH HOME-GROWN FRUIT. S. CHIVERS & SONS, FRUIT GROWERS, HISTONf NEAR CAMBRIDGE.

TITE POLYPHON. THIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL INSTRU "ENT will PLAY by IT- , SELF—Clockwork—thousand:: of a unes. You can choose your own • ± ' , tunes. 4 GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25 A 1-IRCHFR & SONS, 43 TO 47, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A BUNCH OF VIOLETS. It wasn't much—hut this is how it happened. We were passing out of Waterloo Station on our way to Bournemouth ; sitting opposite to us was a working man's wife—she looked like a child wife. A baby was in her arms. Her husband, bronzed, youthful. kind, came to the carriage door to give an affectionate good-bye. Then he was missing a few ssconds, returned, and with a smile that meant worlds to the young wife, jest as the train moved off he threw in her lap a bunch of Vio'ets. It wasn't much, but the love-look on the wife's face was a full reward. 'Twas not the value of the Violets, but the theughtful love. Page Woed- cock's Wind Pills, the world-famed remedy for In- digesticn, Liver Complaints, Wind on the Stomach, Caktiveness, Sick Headache, Nervous Debility, Palpitation of tha Heart. Biliousness, Sze., accom- plish far more good even than a bunch of Vio'eta, for they bring good health t ) thousands whose lives were 9. burden. Mr. Thomas Aldridge, 160, Tatton Street,Regent Road, Salford, writes: "Sir,—Having been a martyr to I teligestiou and Wind in the Stomach for years, I at last tried two bexes of your famous Wind Pills, They have done me more good than all the doctor's medicine I have taken. Y iur Pills aught tolee more widely known to allay the suffer- ings of humanity." All sufferers from In ligestion, Liver Complaints. Wind on the Stoinsce, Sick Headache, Costiveness' Nervous Debility, Palpitation of the Hear:, Bilious- ness, &c., should avail themselves of this most ex- cellent Medicine. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills being purely Vege, table, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action may be taken with perfect safety by the most deli- cate of either sex. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medicine Vf nders at is. 1-1-I.and 2s. 91.; or are sent free by post for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

)1t..,-;LUGHTS, "EXAMINER," SEPTEMBER STII, 1899. All communications including solutions to problems and problems for Competition, must b addressed to the " Draughts Editor." " Examiner "Office, War- rington, and must reach the office not later than the first post on F6ID&Y morning. [ rhe Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enquiries.] ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. E. OGDEN, WARRINGTON :—Much obliged for problem. G. ROWE, WARRINGTON :—Your last solution as sent to us contained no name or address. Have awarded you the points. J. J. FODEN, WARRINGTON :—Have made all right. --- SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No 48. SELECTED. Black men on 5,6, 8,9, 10, 12, 21, and 24. White men on 13, 15, 19, 22, 23, 26, 28, and 30. White to move and win. 19-16 23-16 16-11 2-23 12-19 10-19 8-15 W. Wins --- PROBL &NI No 49. BY Mit. E. OGDEN, WARRINGTON. [BLACK

A e 2 u•• 7, 'A c) / 0 A 074 r/,'D 34 A r-4, e 2, V r/41

8A81E:1i5.4:,,; ON s:. ~ „::,.. ..... ...x. -11 ~ ~. --.. ..".„' . :. 4 Fi ..2,, With Itching Burning Skin and Scalp Humours. SPEEDY ICUBE TREATICZNT.---A warm bath with CoriCURA SOAP, and a single anointing with CUTI- CURL Ointment, the great skin cure, will afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure of the Most torturing, disfiguring of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and crusted skin and scalp humours, with loss of hair, when all else fails, and prove a blessing to worn-out, worried parents. ' Sold throughout the world. British depot: F. NEWBFRY k Boss London. French depot: L. Mtnr. Pixie. Australian depot: It. Towxs & Co.. Sydney. POTTER DREG AND CHER. Cour., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.

apartmento, & eurniatti llottsts.

MORECAMBE.—Superior APARTMENTS with or with- out board.—Mrs. BARLow, Greaves Terrace,LanoaatPr, road.

DORGLAS.—Misses ATHICRTON, Rookwood, 12, Derby square, two minutes from promenade, beds 2s ; full board 5s per clay.

T YTHAM.—APARTMIDITS. view of beach; board is re- LA quired. Special terms for September.-8.. 5, BATH- sTftErr, Lytham.

COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS, near Prome- nade, home comforts, well recom.—lvy DENE. Lawson- road—Mrs DUG'KERS:

BLA.CKPuOL.—Airts. WORTHINGTON, 107, Lytham-rod, Apartments; ls• per day each person, Trams pass door, near sea. Piano.

SCAUBO RO UGH. —Comfortable Apartments ; central; home comforts; board if required. Terms moderate.- 4, aLiDSTONE-BTREET.

BLACKPOOL, Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House. 85, Lord-street, North Shore, close to Station. Trams and Sea (late of Bewseproad, Warrington). RHYL. North WaIes.—APARTMBNTS ; all modern eon- Tenienoes ; piano ; stabling if required; terms moderate. —Mrs. BvArts, 2, Brighton-raad.

MORBClAMBK.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS near L & N-W station ; with or without board.—Miss ELLECE- bIIkW. 44. Kensington-road.

BLAClKPOOL—Comfortable APARTM WITS near Prome- nade. piano. ls ith, terms moderate.—Mrs. PIMLEY, 31, Woodfield-road, South Shore.

DYEERTH near Elul. Boarders received 21s. APART- MENU or Cottage Let. Extensive views of sea and vale.—H., MOUNT CLWYD, Dyserth. .

A NG-LIISBA.—APARTMIiNTS with or without cooking 11 and attendance; sea, lake, and river fishing; piano.— GRIFFITHS, Brytunor. Rhosniger, Ty Croes.

T YTHAM.—To LBT, 59, WEIRTON-STREET. Company .I_4l House, good connection, 5 beds, 2 entertaining, part furniture; rent £l9 10s. ; satisfactory reasons for leaving.

RHYL.—WeII-furnished apartments ajoining church ; near sea and station; house pleasantly situated in its own grounds; terms moderate,—Mrs. SHEPHERD, Glanmorfa.

BLACKPOOL.-Try MRS. GERMAN (from Oldham), 92. Central Drive, for comfortable APARTMENTS (public or private). Write for terms. Stamped addressed envelope.

I AXE DISTRICT APARTMENTS, Large sitting and bed- LI rooms well furnished ; open view; every convenience ; good cooking; terms moderate. Special terms for winter months.—Apply Mrs, BRUNSKILL, Exeter House, 44, Bleaeathra-street, Keswick.

IRFRACOMBE—THE GRANVILLR. First class BOAR D- I ING-HOUSE. Close to Sea.—Comfort, sociability, good cooking. Bijou Guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER

TSLE OF MAN, CHALMER'S York House. Castle Terrace 1 Central Promenade, Douglas, Charmingly situated fac- ing the sea. Trams pass from Steamers. Full board ss. 6d. and 6s. 6d. per etty ;no extras.

LONDON. WILD'S TE3/IPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. ELSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Cc , Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNTSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. nest. Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage snd Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

'OLIDAYS.—Most Charming RIDSIDBNCH near Cele- brated Lodore Falls, facing Derwentwater. Free Trout Fishing, Boating, Yachting. Both Houses Re- modelled. Re-furnished, Omnibus. Special terms from £2 10s. per week,—EDWARD °MARI, Lodore and Borrowdale Hotels, Keswick.

MERRY AND BREEZY BLACKPOOL. FOR EARLY OR LATE BREAKFAST, LUNCHEON, DINNER, TEA, OR SUPPER, CALL AT PARKER'S RESTUARANT, WHERE YOU WILL OBTAIN THE BEST AND CHEAPEST. --- LARGE OR SMALL PARTIES CATERED FOR. PARKER'S RESTUARANT, 22, CHURCH-STREET, BLACKPOOL.

to be En. _ - PENKETH.—Cottagea 4s. 04., 3s. Eld. and 2s. 84. per we e DALLAM-LANE.—Large wrpluis HOP, ground floor, re n £lO. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. SHOP 2. SCHOOL BROW, rent 88. 6d. 1 BRICK!STRERT, rent 39. 17 GER STRti ET, rent ss. 33. BRIDGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse to., principal position in town, rent moderate. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wai rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.-- 61,PRIESTLEY-brREET,WARRINGTOY.gOOd corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1. Bank- treet, Warrington.

CAPITAL HOUSE AND SHOP TO LET.—Large Ware- house, Stabling, &a., Bridge-street.—Apply SCALES AND SONE, Boot Warehouse, 83, Bridge-street. Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE. remts 4s. Apply -I_ WOODB & SON, Solicitors. Horsemarket-at., Warring-

qio LKT.—LARGR ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O .1 Apply WoOi t Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. DREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1. Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rrO LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-st., 1. rent £l3.—Apply WOODe Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

Mantel).

PLASTBRICRS, Wanted at New Infirmary.—Appty G OSBORNE, Plasterer, 51. St. James-street. Latchford.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class MACHINERY XI OILS. Liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Officio, Liverpcol.

WAR MEDALS Wanted. dated 1838 or earlier ; £2 each given. also Matabele, Atbira., Arctic, &c.—Xis.ion TOMB 3, Droitwich,

NAVVIES. PLATELAYERS WANTED. good Wages to good men ; huts —JOSEPH PHILLIPS AND Co.. Gifford and Garvauld Railway, Ormiston, Scotland.

rib DRESSMAKER4.—WANTED an AGENT far Thomo. 1 son's Universal System of Garment Cutting.—Address Mrs. R. WHALLEY, Deepdene Deepdale, Preston.

MOB4CCONIST3 Comrneneing.—See 1114. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobaccenists'Outfitting Co.. 186, Euston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr H. 111yEns.

WANTED. Two Good, all round WAGON REins; also Wsgon Letterer, good all-round wagon painter and letterer.—Apply BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY CARRIAGE AND WAGON Co., Chester.

_ _ --- APPRENTICE WANTED to Dresmsking, Drapery. and Sales; superior advantages ; Christian home ; psemium required; returned second year in salary.—COOKE AND COOKE, 21, Cookson-street. Blackpool.

HIRTM &KERS and JACKET hands (thoroughly expel+. enced) Wanted immediately for superior work.—Apply WILLIAM CoATF:s & SON, Wholesale Shirr Manufacturers and General Manchester Warehousemen, Friarsgate. Bridge-st., 'Warring ton.

WANTED. for ROYAL NAVY. Boys. Youths, Engine room Artificers. Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters Coopers, Painters, Shipwrights and Royal Marines.—For particulars apply to SEUGEANT, Royal M Arines.2s9.Liverpool- road, Warrington.

ataits Vrtbatt Erratp.

G. H. H. n. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, PARLOUR Suite, Upholstered in Red Plush. Gets and Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well g 6 6 made. Our Price S. D.

HANDoOME SIDEBO.IILII, very Payments taken. massive, with plate glass back and shelves; six large drawers. £7 15s. Very cheap.

PARLOUR SUITR, comprising Payments taken, Lady's and Gent's Rasy Chair and four small chairs and couch in red plush, hard wood frames. Very 6 10s cheap.

1 ARGE Stock of Kitchen Tables, Payments taken. 1.1 Chairs, Fenders. Fire Irons, Hearth Rugs, Pictures, Vases, Bco. Very cheap.

HANDSOME pair of Bedroom Payments taken. TABLES, with bevelled plate glass back and marble slab, in solid ash. Very cheap. .26 6s

A LARGE stock of OVER Payments taken. XI MANTLES, bevelled plate, with shelves, from 17s 6d to 70s. Wool beds from 7s 6d to 21s.

ARGE Stock of Men's, Youths'. 1.1 aril Boys' Clothing. Mene' Coats from 2s 64 ; Men's Trousers from is lid ; 51en's Vests from is 3s; Youths' Coat from 2s; Youths' Trousers from Is 6d ; Youths' Vests from 9d. Men's and youths' Cord Trousers from 3s lid.

QREAT Dane PUPPIES, well bred ; price £3 each.--Apply CHARLESWORTN, Park-street 4,11 Mews, Greenheys, Manchester.

GOOD Black PONY, 131 hands, quick and sound, £lo. 9, GLENFIELD-EITIMET, Gill-street, Muston-lane, Har- purhey, Manchester.

rilllitali grand Irish TERRIP.IL PUPS, two dogs one 1 bitch. prize bred. cheap 103 each ;on approvAl.— CHARLES MAY. Hyde, near Manchester.

uLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay .I:.A three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—MlTll & SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

AD HANSOMR ENGLISH CHINA. complete treasure o 40 pieces absolutely free in return for a few hours pleasant work.—Write for particulars of this genuine offer, The NEW GRLNVILLE POTTERY Co., Jervis-street, Hanley.

wHEN SPINDLES work loose in Swing Looking-Glasses use Olafield's patent adjuster (polished brass) can be affixed by any Lady ; obtainable from principle Ironmongers saraple post free Gd. from patentee.—JOSH OLDFIELD, St. Werburgh Mount, Chester.

qlO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co„ with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HosiciNu, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool. T INT FlSH.—Sample Basses, containing Tibs. assorted, _LI ready dressed for cooking, sent on receipt of P.O. for Is. 6d.—PERSEVERANCE FISHING CO., Grimsby Docks. rytn3 HOUSEWIFE'S FRIEND. A complete guide to brew tog. fining. ecc.. of strong and middle Ale, Porte r Bitter Beer, /cc. Also recipes on Wines, Cordials, Jellies. and others too numerous to mention. Price is Id. Should be in the hands of every housewife. 91WELVE SELECTED TOILET RECIPES for Pomades, 1 Cold Cream, Lipsal7e, Hair Dyes, Complexion Powders, Depilatories ac. Price is Id. -- BURNEY'S BOOK OF 100 TRADE SECRETS. A sure living guaranteed to eveiy enterprising man or woman. Worth pounds. Price Is Id. NOTE.—A free gift worth 5s alone given to every pur- chaser of any of the above (as an advertisement for this month only). Descriptive Catalogues Free. BURNEY AND COMPANY, Station-street, Huddersfield.

11T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. I have a I Quantity of Good GOVEtiNMIINT GOODS, passed out of Scrv.ce for other patterns, s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft. by 31t. Light Wa.erproof Sheets, 6tt. by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large, Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight, 7ft, by 6ft.. Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 401 n. by 42in 3 0 White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletholes, 461 n. by 42in 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shouleler Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins. qeite new, Stout Leather, 25ft. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets, llft, by bit 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Sureinvies with Rollers Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, Is per square yard, with lashing. Anv of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J. Giss:N, Government Contractor, Eye.

T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER ' OFFICE, 335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, &c., &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, d a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

LADIES! LADIES! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist ha all Female Complabts, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE is, he only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not inttrfere with household duties. I guarantee every ease. send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1.000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKE, 0, Bradgate- road. Catford, London S.E.

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, whieh shows how every man, young and old, can ue, ilurrouubly and quickly cured without STOMACH dfIiDIUINII or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : " I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pound s.—G. F M." I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent staled, post free, for two stamps. J.LxIGH. 92 and 93. Great Russell Street London, W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

HARTLEY'S DEPOSITORY AND AUCTION MART, , I J N 20:), DON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. No. 2002. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Saturdays) 6 p.m. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF FURNITURE Ss HOUSEHOLD REQUISITES ALWAYS ON VIEW, consisting of GENUINE SECOND- HAND ARTICLES, consigned for sale by private clients, most of which are of the very best quality it is possible to get, having originally been purchased from firms of the highest standing and repute, and now offered for sale at MOST MODERATE PRICES. WE SHOULD LIKE you to call rand inspect our Stock, even if you do not happen to intend buying at the moment. You can walk around the Showrooms with,ut being pestered to buy, as in other plaoes ; but people of cernmonstoore will find in the high quality and low prices of our goods two IRRESISTIBLE INDUCEMENTS, and we are confident that a visit will ultimately result in business being done. TERMS.—NET CASH ON OR BEFORE DELIVERY. P the goods are not required immediately they will be stored free ot charge for any length of time up to six months on payment of a reasonable depcoit. r FRIGHT GRAND PIANO, in enclosed case, by the celebrated makers F. Wolff and Sohn, Dresden ; an in- strument of the highest grade ; the makers' list price being 60 guineas Now offered for £23 lOs (to cover an advance) well worth £4O. Consignment No. 5463. TTIGH-CLASS COTTAGE PIANO, by Rushworth. the 11_ well-known local maker ; trichord, cheek action, and iron frame, enclosed hi rosewood case, with marqueterie panel. Price only £l7; Post more than double that amount and is still as good as new. No. 5615.—Hartleys. CIOTTAGE PIANO by Hubert, Berlin; a really good ✓ instrument with all modern improvements, enclosed in burr walnut case with in'aid panel front. Price.£24 ; cost 40 guineas recently. No. 4972.-2,2, London-road. 'Mill NET MUSIC STOOL, fitted with patent music recep- kj the top covered in silk plush. Usual price 503 ; our price 39s (having purchased a large number at a specially low rate owing to non-acceptance by original „consignee).— Hartley '3, 202, London-road. CHIPPRNDALE DRAWING-ROO,l SUITE of very pretty design, upholstered in floral tapestry. Only £4 the complete suite. Specially worth inspection, being unequalled value.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. MA GNI Fs gnlfTi S IafTIiNLOZI 11:3S/LAON'SVII3DviiGo-gDO M FUR - (Removed from Ainsdale). The cabinet of imposing appearance, 9f t. in height and sft wide, £25 ; cost £45; settee with high back, two arms and four single chairs, fr tmes of very handsome design, hair stuffed, and covered in choice embossed velvet ; price £25 ; mist £45- China cabinet to matcla, £5 108 ; overmantle £l2 101 ; occasional table £3 103 ; another £2. A rare opportunity for purchasing a complete suite of the beat class of furniture at half-price. Consignment No. 5584. MUSIC CABINET, inlaid rosewood. with glazed deer surmounted by shelf back ,with mirror panel inset. £3 15s ; cost £6 10s. No. 5319. -VERY COSTLY DRAWING-ROOM SUITE with solid ✓ mahogany frames, finely carved and of most artistic design ; heir stuffed and covered in silk tapestry. This suite was purchased from one of the leading London furnishers lees than three months ego for 45 guineas. Price now 25 guineas. No. 5616 —llartley's 202, London-road. MUSIC CABINET In dark mahogany, with plate-glass deer and mirror back. £4 109 ; eoat 8 guineas. No. .—Hartley's, 202. London-road. WA Le tNr ET, uD Tr, DRAWING-ROOM G elegant-ROM design,CABINET, play cupboards and open recesses. Price £lO. No. 5532. Hartley's, 2C2, London-road. HANDSOME CHIFFONNIERE in burr walnut, richly inlaid, and having mirror-panelled doors and triple mirror back. Only £6 12s ; cost £l2 10s recently. No. 5361. Harley's 202, London-road. TARAWING. ROOM CABINET, Louis XVI. style in dark Mahogany. of best style and finish. £l5 ; cost 30 guineas. No. 5154.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. TIRAWING-ROOM CABINET, I,test style. £6]ss. No. 5364.—Hartley's 202, London-road, CjILT CLOCK and Pair Side Ornaments, with hand- painted china panels, under glass shades. Only £2 103 the set. No. 519 J.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. VIRST-CLASS DIVAN SUITE; six single ei airs. two 1 lounge chairs and divan couch, with um!, Viralntit frames, upholstered in saddlebags ant old gold is ; Mice £l3 17s 6d ; worth 20 guineas. No. 5292. WALNUT DRAWING-ROOM SUITE of most approved style. upholstered in rich Genoa velvet ; only £6 2s 6d. No. 5469. Another excellent Suite, in green velvet ; £6; No. 5468.—Hartley's, 202. London-road. CIARPETS—SPECIAL OPPORTUBTITY.—Iiankrupt Stock kJ of Carpets, just purchased from the trustees at an ex- tremely low figure, eiaabling us to offer unequalled value in all kinds of carpets and rugs, velvet pile,Axminster, Wessels, tapestry, Au., made up int,' bordered squares of various dimensions ; grand range of patterns. Also a large number of Hearthrugs and quantity of Stair Carpeting.— Hartley's. 202, London-road. 4 VT. WALNUT BOOKCASE fitted with drawers, cup- Lit boards and removable shelves, enclosed by plate-glass doors. £5 17s 6d. No 5122—Hartley's, London-road. COMEINED BOOKCASE AND SECRRTAIRE in solid brown oak, of massive construction. £8 ICs ; cost £l6 10s. No. 5557.—Hartley's, 202, London-road, COMBINED SIDEBOARD AND BOOKCASE, the base containing fully-fitted isecretaire, and having carved panels and bevelled mirror at the back ; the surmounting book case raised on pillars, forming altogether a hand- some aud very useful piece of furniture. Only £9 10s ; cost £2O. No. 5123.—Hartley's, 202, London-road. HAT AND UMBRELLA STAND, large size, in solid walnut. with brass fittings, large bevelled mirror, and tile panels. £2 10s. No. 4463.—Hartley's, London-road. DROWN OAK SIDEBOARD with copper mountings, 1) finely finished and of artistic design. £7. No. 5037. FT. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with advanced centre. the 0 back inset with large oval and small square mirror panels, superior make. £9 2s 6d; cost £l7 les, No. 5558. Hartley's, 202, London-road. Q MALL BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD, neatly designed, 1.57 and of exceptionally good finish. Ri 10s. No. 5281. FT. SIDEBOARD in solid brown oak of artistic design, e.) and best finish. £3 ; cost £l4. No. 5280, sft. Wal- nut Sideboard £7.—Hartley's. 202, London-road. WALNUT SIDEBOARD with bow front and mirror V panelled canopy back. Only £l2; cost £25. No. 5918. —Hartley's, 202, London road. aFT. BROWN OAK SIDEBOARD of high-class workman- 1./ ship and design, finely carved and having lofty and imposing mirror back. £l7 iCe ; cost £35. No. 4831. Hartley's, 202, London-road. VERY FINE WALNUT OVERMANTEL,ISft.3in, high and 41t. 6in. wide, elaborately carved, ant fitted with nine bevelled plates. Only £3 105 ; a very steep lot. No. 5587 Hartley's, 202, London-road, ITERY SUPERIOR DINING-ROOM SUITE, with finely ✓ finished brown oak frames of artistic design,upholstered in dark green embossed velvet. Price £ll 15 ; cost £2l be. No. 3947.—Hartley's. EXCELLENT WALNWT SUL FE. with spindle backs, upholstered in green plush, £3 10s. Walnut suite, with padded backs, in crimson push, £5 10a. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE, of admirable work- manship and design. upholtered in real skins. £ll 7s 6d. No. 49A.—Hartley's, 202 London-road. QADDLEBAG SUITES.—A large variety of these par- k/ titularly serviceable Suites, all in good condition and of fashionable designs. £5 15s, 6 guineas, £6 12s 6d, £7 12s 63, £B, £9 10s, £l2 103. these being iniall cases from 35 to 50 per cent less than original prices. WALNUT DINING-ROOM SUITE of the very best class, upholstered in deep crimson plush. £l5 ; cost £26 10s (purchased from a West of England firm). No, 5046.—Hartley's, 22, London-road. BEDHOUM. SUITES.—GRAND SELECTION OF FIRST- CLASS SUITES, including : DARK WALNUT SUITE, all complete. £7 15s, No. 5275. MAHOGANY SUITE, every bit solid throughout. £3 12s 6d. No. 5505. SOLID MAHOGANY SUITE, £3 10i. No. 5504. DARK WALNUT SUITE, handsomely carved. £lO 10s: No! 5488. SATIN WALNUT SUITE, solid throughout and of most attractive design. £l3 10s. No. 5490, BROWN OAK SUITE, very substantial. £ll 103. No. 4417. HIGH-CLASS SUITE in Satinwood. £l7 10s. No. 4787. SPLENDID BEDROOM SUITE of stylish appearance and good finish, in solid satin walnut, comprising large double wardrobe, heavily carved, and having two plate-glass doors ; dressing table with side wings, marble wash-stand with swing glass at back, and usual smaller items, This splendid suite only £l4. No. 5609.—Hartley's. QTYLISM WALNUT BEDROOM SUITE mansiating of U magnificent break front trio wardrobe with two bevelled plate.glass robing doors, dressing chest with swing glass in centre, and mirror panelled drawer brackets ; washstand with bevelled mirror at the back, towel rail, pedestal, and three chairs. £27 103. Ass exceptionally low price for a suite of this character. No 5339. REMOVED FROM AINSDALE. INLAID ROSEWOOD BEDROOM SUITE of most magni- ficent style and character, consisting of Eft breaktront trio wardrobe, sft pedestal dressing table with cheval glass in centre and full-length side wing., washstand to correspond, bedside pedestal towel rail, and three chairs upholstered in silk. Price £5O; cost 90 guinea. No. 5529,—Hartley's, 202, London-road. TO SELLERS. —WE are open to buy anything whatever for Spot Cash (value or condition Immaterial) , or will sell on commission on your beha'f, and (if required) make a liberal cash advance until sold. Removing and warehousing efficiently exessated• Estimates fre • Correspondence Invited. HARTLEY'S, 90 9 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

znln;lWOutitoii.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK STREET. V*ARRINGTON. Telephone No. F. 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stautly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inapection invited. Furniture, ikc., warehoused.

Bflonep.

TO ADVANCE ON MORTGAGTS, 6,500 REVERSIONS, LEGACIES &c. In- terest from 31 per cent. CHIEF HTS FOR SALE.—J. BROWN, 504, Lord-street, Liverpool. Eat. 1872. Tel. No. 7436

£150,000 tofm rrtogag3eloper d ect.pcsitthe ofbDAeedvas inneesudmons to suit b ,rrowers,in any part of the countrv,—J. W. RIZA.DIZR, 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to snake ADVANCES V PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA. CHAMBERS (foot oi the Central Station), W IDNEs• WARRINGTON at na j Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards. FIELDING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO -ce 01/4.,500 DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/-per wk. £lO „ „ £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 .. 7/6 £3O 15/- „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Na fees or fines charged. hours 9 to 2, and sto 8' p.m. Saurday 9 to 1, p.m. only. APPLY TO JOSEPu WADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121 MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWA !IDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The uudersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MA NY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. P/tOMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUSES, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARGE, on applica tion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 201 KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO FEES ! ! NO CHARGES ! ! THE COUNTY PRIVATE LOAN COMPANY Advance Money t respectable applicAnts (male or fern ale) on their own note of hand. No other security asked for. SECEEOY, PROMPTITUDE, EASY REPAYMENTS, MODERA.TE INTEREST. Bnsiness Hours ten to five ; evenings seven to nine ; Satur- days ten to two. Apply personally or by letter. 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL (Near Adelphl Hotel). DAVIS, Manager. TELEPHONE No. 6,941.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles• Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm- less to everything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d.' 6d., and Is Only be sure you do get "Keatings." FLEAS, BEETLES, 1110THS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

HALF-YEARLY SALE. CLEARANCE OF SURPLUS :STOCK. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, !LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER CLEARING LOTS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. THE GOODS COMPRISE COSTUMES. MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, CURTAINS, HOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY. Ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE, AND CO., 'LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL

TAILOR MADE COSTUMES 525. 6D.-TO MEASURE ONLY.-525. 6D NEWEST DESIGNS, STYLE AND FIT GUARANTEED. SATCIIELL'S, 481 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

Stlarbitierp, etc. pA T BST OFF IC 14 MANCHEBTEE, 118TABLISHED ix 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIEB & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish• merit, and possess practicalklnowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. Et EORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.B.A„ 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. I-TOT-WATER FITTINGS, a Speciality. Estimates given for labour only or otherwise. Boilers and piping taken down and re-erected complete. References.—DENTON, Craven-street Droylsden, Manchester.

CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop Fittings, every variety. Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels. New List free.—Mannorr. Lever-st., Manchester.

GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Just past Station Through Railway Arch. THE RENOWED GENERAL FURNISHERS. DITTS'S GREAT ALTERATIONS SALE is crev.,-.- ing quite a Sensation, as never before has such EXTRAORDINARY VALUE been offered. People from all parts are patronising PITTS'S. with a result that orders are plentiful as leaves in autumn. As the Best Bargains are fast disappearing, AN EARLY VISIT is absolutely neces- sary in crier to participate in the INESTIMABLE ADVAN- TAGES held forth to PITTS'S vast and ever increasing ellentelle. Now do not let this GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY alip. pITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i, I 281, 38f, 50, 75, 100, up to 1,000 guineas, specially improved in quantity and quality of articles for this great sale, far surpass and excel all others. Full particulars, testimonials, and press opinions post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrangement suiting convenience. DINTS'S NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 artistic designs, each priced, has been christened by one of its many enthusiastic admirers THE THRIFTY MAN'S FRIEND, as it enabled him to furnish in a tasteful arra durable manner for ABOUT HALF USUAL EXPENDITURE. It has also been the means of saving the public hundreds of pounds by pointing out enor- mous BENEFITS unobtainable elsewhere, Forwarded at request. PITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITUttE for 221 guineas, equal to what expensive City firms charged £4B for, contains r—Artistie SITTING-ROOM Suite in Leather, consiarting of tasteful Couch or Sofa, Pair of Easy Chairs and set of Small Chairs. substantial Dining Table, Carpet or Flooreloth, nice design. Hearth Rug. Brass Bar, Fender and set o( Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair ot Cur- tains. KITCHEN has strong Dresser. Set of Chairs. Rock- ing and Arm Chairs, sound square or fall leaf table, Fender, Fire Irons, Floorelotb, and Rug. BEDROOM . Serviceable Suite, polished or enamelled, Cane Chairs, Towel Rail. Toilet Service, strong full-sited Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster and two Pillows, Carpet or Floorcloth, sad Fender. HALL, STAIRS, and LANDING Carpet, Floorcloth, Stair Rods ansi Byes, Brass Door Plate. Cocoa and Door Mats. The most marvellous value obtainable. Inspection will verify. pITTS'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SETEN- ROOMICD HOUSE, originally cost £lBO, for 75 guineas. The Dining-room is in morose° leather. the Drawing-room is in Rosewood, a spare room upstiirs, fitted as a srnokeroom, is in Saddlebags. Furniture complete for Kitchen. Hall, Stairs. Landing, Cellars, &e. The First Bed- room is in American Walnut, including Wardrobe, Braising Table, Washstand, Chairs. &c., Pedsteads, Bedding, Carpet, Rug, arid Toilet service. Ihe Second Bedroom is in A,h, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered, Worth coming miles to secure. TIDITTS'S CARPETS, PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIN- IMES, Lamps, China, Grass, Earthenware.— Magnifi- cent Selection. Guaranteed great saving. PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- TURE, Every Description of Bookcases, Secretaries. Desks. Stools. Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City prices. Exceptionally low estimates free. QAMUEL PITTS, Established 1845 '• -3 LONDON-ROAD (just past Station). MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vise Cars pass the door.

uMfc fisittsts, 3Patrls, eft. _ . tp C. ANDERTON, Auctioneer Valuer. and Licensing 14. Agent. Gresham-buildings:l.ol, Dale-street, Liverpool. (old established),has to Let and Sell several genuine HOTELS andPUBLIO HOUSES ; every investigation. THE WAVERLEY, 9, South Castle-street.—This old-estab- lished Restaurant to be Let on exceptionally low terms to suitable parson ; wine and beer license.—For particulars apply B. C. Anderton, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool. 1J OOTLE (principal thoroughfare).—Off-liceneed BEER- HOUSE. selling four barrels ale weekly ; open to in- movement. Also General Dealer and Tobacconist ; easy terms to a suitable tenant.—For particulars apply E. C. Andertoa, 101, Dale-stacet, Liverpool. AIUSES. H. SMYTHE & CO., Brewery Agents and Valuers (established 1874), have to Let very compact Free PUBLIC HOUSE, close to Exchange Station; incoming £l5O ; long lease; low rent.—Apply 2, and 3, VERN /24- CHAMBERS, Vernon-street, Dale-st., Liverpool. T_T SMYTHE & CO. have to Let most excellent Free 1.1. Corner PUBLIC HOUSE. handsomely fitted, taking £5O weekly ; long lease ; low rental ; owner retiring.—Order to view and particulars apply (princip-ds only). TT SMYTHE & CO. have for Sale, out Liverpool, Free- -11• hold Roadside Inn, with Land, Stabling; large orchard &e, attached; price, with possession, £2,000 ; not changed bands for 40 years. Principals only. SMYTHE & Co. have to Let Roadside PUBLIC . HOUSE. taking £4O weekly. Suburban Public House, selling nine barrels weekly ; price £750 ; half ad- vanced.—Order to view, apply as above. 11 SMYTHE & CO. have to Sell, Ten Freehold PUBLIC . HOUSES in the city and suburbs.hill with possession. together or separately. Public House, Chester, doing good trade ; price £2so.—As above. TI SMYTHE & CO. have to Let, HOTEL and Tap, 11. central ; incoming £650 ; lease 13 years ; low rental ; entirely free ; large trade ; genuine reasons for sale.—Apply VENDORS' AGENTS, as above. T_T SMYTHE & CO. have to Let, Free Hotel TAP; i- n-11. coming £225. Free Hotel and Tap; incoming £55.) ; rent £4O. Free Hotel and Tap ; £soo.—Order to view and particulars as above. fSMYTHE & CO. have to Let, capital HOTEL, North . Wales • price. including horses, traps, furniture, and all plant, 2700'0 ; lialflein remain if required.—Prinei pals nly apply. TT SMYTHE & 00, have to Let, Free Corner PUBLIC- -11. HOUSE, north end; average takings £25 weekly, chiefly indoor ; long lease ; low rent ; incoming £6OO. City Bar ; incoming £2oo.—Apply as above. HSMYTHE & CO. have to Let. capital HOTEL and • Tap, out Liverpool; large stabling, &e., attached ; in- coming by valuation' Freehold Beerhouse, suburbs ; price £4so.—Apply Vernon-chambers, Dale-street, Liverpool. LT SMYTHE & CO. have to Let capital Corner VAULTS, 1.1. taking £25 weekly; cash deposit only. Compact Corner Vaults ; incoming £100; bargain.—Apply 2 and 3, Vernon-chambers, Vernon-street. Dale-street. Liverpool.

ODuration.

THE MISSES. ITIATMER . Sen. Hon. Cert., SCHOOL will $l4-OPEN (D.V.)SEPTHMBEE. 13th —Feu', etc., on applieation.—At }Lome Biter Septem- ber sth.

QWYNFA. PRNMARNMAWR —GIRLS' BOARDING ,tind DAY SCHOOL. Vacancry for Governess Pupil in Michaelmas term.—Principal, Mrs. H. M1:1.w%

A RNOLD HOUSE SCHOOL, POULTON-L&FYLDB, .211_ n- ar kpool. Boys receive a good education with coh fortahle home. Next Term begins SIP 2. 141'K,Principal. R. TOWNSEND (doyal University, Ireland).

MISS FLORENCE TOFT (Pupil of Professor Weidenbacb of the Leipzig Conservatorium) receives and visits pupils fr PIANOFORTE LESSONS. Recommended by kt• ST b NDNER-WELSING, Esq., F. H. CROSSLEY and others. Address 16. MWSEUM-STRE T, Warrington.

AIR AR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VIM., 1 (Organist and Cnoirmaster of Wycliffe Church). lIEURIVE3 PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY ot MUSIC. etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepare .1 for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warri CI gton.

MANCHESTER tiRAMMAIt SCHOOL. FEE 24 48. PER TERM. The NEXT :THRM begins TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPT. 13th. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Applieltion, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWE! W. COX, Receiver._

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The EXT TERM WILL BEGIN On TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER lars. The HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME IO Interview Parents on SATURDAY, SEPT. 9TH MONDAY, SEPr, 11TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATOPY & CLASS-ROOM. PROSPECTUS. AC. ON APPIICA TION.

epries, NELSON ROADRACER, almost new; Palmer tyres; 261 b. weight, alemininm Snish ; best offer.—V. HAL- DANE. 40, Denmark-road, Manchester.

TYRES. TYRES. YRES. POLLARD'S PNEUMATIC DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS For Dunlop Rims, simplest, cheapest, and best cover in the market, 133. bd. each. Inner tubes (best rubber) fitted with Dunlop valves, 4s. 6d each. Pneumatic tyres repaired by experienced workmen, charges moderate. Special quotations to the trade. POLLARD AND CO., 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

AUTUMN SALE. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. If you wish te. buy a High-grade CYCLR at the price of the so-called Cheap Cycles, PAY US A VISIT, AND WE WILL SURPRISB YOU. HITCHINGS, BOLL)-STHBea. LIVERPOOL. ANNUAL SALE OF EXCELSIOR CYCLES. • NOW IS THE TIME FOR REAL BARGAINS. BAYLISS THOMAS, & Ca, LTD. 10, ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

£lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACRD BEFORE TPili PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899, B.S.A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadie Chain, size of frame, gear, and shape of handle-bar. as required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated oxi copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOT Ii PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, Bce., complete, TR!' POUNDS £7 12s. 6u. Our No. 2 CYCLE. Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed tor twelve months ; a perfect model. £7 12s Gd. Guaranteed Payments Accepted. STUART, WILLIAMS' AND CO. 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. IisTAB. 1892. Plating, Enamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

11 HE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. When your are placing your order for a B.S.A. Cycle be sure and ask the agent for a specification of the machine, and then compare with ours. You will find that ninety-nine times out of a hundred the specification is not up to our standard. Fittings.—Genuine 1899 B.S.A. Frame Tubing.—Double-buttecl, not co r mon German. Wheels.—Built with double-butted sposes, not the ordinarY common. Chain.—Half-inch pitch, not the ordinary block. Tyres.—Palmer or Dunlop, on hollow rims; not on solid ; as many of our rivals fit. We also fit your own height of gear, and your own pattern of handle-bar. The enamelling is without the least doubt second to none. while the plating is the very first qu ilitV. Price of above machines is £lO 10s. Het. Call and see for yourselvts. WeAlt glad to show you, and are certain you will be pleased. WE HAVE C) CLIIS FROM ET WS. MANAGER, D. DALGLIIISH.

CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES ! OVER 1,000 MACHINES. THE LARGEST STOCK IN LIVERPOOL OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES, BY ALL THE POPULAR MAKERS, INCLUDING : itoyal Enfield, Rudge-Whitwortb, Illswick, New Howe. Beeston and Coventry Heathers, Osmocids, Swifts, WaverleY ezc., ‘to, Cash prices for New Machines £8 and upwards, Easy terms of payment, from 105. per month. Secondhand Machines from £5. Write at once for catalogue, which gives chol6a of FOUR DIFFEB.EINT WAYS of purchasing Bicycle. WILLIAM. LEA, " LIVEti " CYCLE DEPOT, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

"Velephone No, 7056. Telephone No. 70 56 AEOLUS CYCLES. Before purchasing your Cycles, you will do well to inspect these FAMOUS MACHINES which are unequalled in QUALITY and FINISH. Guaranteed Best English Mant,facture Special Road Racer, £l2 los. E Manufacturers— WILLIAM BOW N, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. The Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearings as applied to Cycles throughout the World. WORKS: SUMMER-LANE, BIRMINGHAM.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECT OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 23. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72 SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, -4. ND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENTUE. SOUTHPORT

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON 5 Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 1, 5.2 55, 2 .5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Als r and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 114. a 3 19, Sundays 9,382 5 °55 a Steps if requirea. • rmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 3 23, 710, 9,50 120, a°,520, 720. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMondays excepted. as.sondays only s.nirnaingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 1155, 12 55, 3 18, 5 0 10.11 52, Sundays 515 p.m .155sokburn -529.5 45, 835, 955, 11 50, 1 15, 4 50, 6 28, Sundays 843.60. .154k5001-5 29. 5 45, 835, 9 56.11 50,12 25,1 15,3 50,4 50, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 335 6 0. 135,11°15515-55 45, 8 25,9 19,10 40,12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 5? 551155 15.8 28, p.m. varlisle-2 37 a:75 335 a m,5 29,5 45.9 56 11 50. 12 25,1 55, 4 50. Sun 4 9 54. s Chester-7 37, 817, 95, 10.20 a 2 15, 7,20 11, 14 12,0 4c4clays 8,44 10,26 7,54 11,35 aMondays excepted. s ,ollins Green-7 5. 85, 9 25, 10 10, 127, 2 35,3 40, 5 15, ',',3•7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. •-8 rewe-a2 58, 53 23, 710, 9 50, 10 23. 12 0, 1 25, 25, 5 ‘5, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5.11 35. aMond aye "4455tee1. Mondays only. • paresbury-7 37. 95, 12 25, 220. 3 15, 5 11,6 4, 744, 10 14 tinlaYs 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. (Perby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 65, 4 T 5; 655.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m 2sAarlestou n-5 45, 7 5,8 5,8 25,925, 10 13,1020,11,0 12 7, 12 155, 2,35 3 40 3,50 5,15 5,20 6,58 7 8,7 40,9 25, 9,55 10,30 44days, TAO 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.m. tiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55 '‘u 520, 6 17, 80, 948. S undays 8 48, 2 40. 80. 72„rodaham-7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. 1 .9.arston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 215, 4 0 75. 80. 59 40, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 's4turdays excepted. ~.551asgow-2 37, 529, 9 56 11 50, 12 25, 2 49, 4 50. Sun- ••..3's 2 37, a.m. 515,51b0rne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110. 1225, 1 15, 350, 520, 7 17, 5,?. Sundays 8 43. 60. 5'544.th Green-7 12, 757, 831. 95, a 9 30, 120, 18, 215. 1,". 60, 75, 80, 59 40, alO 25. Sunday 90, 936 .239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. 85rlarn and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 rdays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18, 9 35. 1444, tchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 55°55, 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 338. 4 11.5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45 41. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. a Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-3 sa, 510. a 5 32. 75, 8 5.8 35 11. 0, 12 7, 12 2542,43 3.40 5 20, 78, 740. 10 30. Sunday _4. si, 530, 835, 843, 3 28. 5 10. 60, 9 54. From High 'eve' platform. aMondays excepted. ~,Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38. 815. 10 9 4,53, 1 55, 3 20,5 20,6 17.8 0, 9 45. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 , Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 5,20. 13. 1 8,2 15, 3 37. 40. 5 65, 7 5, 8 0, 59 a4O 10 25 11 15 '439. Sundays 90, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10, 9 18 10 18,10 4,3 atiaturdays only. bexcept Saturdays. London kL. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 950, 12 0. 2 0 5" 20, 622, 11 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,b&londays "ZeePted. aMondays only. Loudon (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 5414 days 11 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. ,51•1 mm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 •:,5 49,12 36, 1 14, 243 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. "411 days 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only 35M5nches1er (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 75, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 4), 1214.1225,158,29, 332, 4 26, 5 32,6 15, 7 17, 88, 20, 103). Sundays 43, 5 15, 6, 7 57, 8 28.54Fr0m High 15evel Platform. 8 Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, '9 58, 10 49. 1 14, 2 45,3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays " 3 8, 8 12: I,44anchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 955 7555 11 6, 11 23,11 55,12 55, 1 55, 2 55. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 655 310. 755, 813, 855, 9 15, 955, Sundays 8 56. 9 37,10 14 • 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 65 9 25 10 0. 54iddlewich-7 40, 10 D. 2 555, 5 355,7 20.bSaturdays only Atoore--7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5,2 55,5 35,7 29. Sundays 10 15 a 555 sNewton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 35, 11 0, 12 25, 520, 7 17 9 20, g„?), 10 30. SundaysB 43, a.m.6 0,9 54. 3 date.-. 7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 40.10 28, 11,6 12 012 20, 1 40, ‘1•528,7 10,8 12,9 15. Sundays 8 56,10 14, 347, 5 15,9 35 4 Freston-2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 955, 11 50, 12 25,2 49, 350 .5,9, 6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55. Sundays, 2 37. 8 43, 335 u 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 33,8 25,9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 617 80. 5 Sank. (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5,12 0 1 8 55, 2 58, 40,5 29, 60. 75, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40, 510 25, Plasay. 90, 11 25. 2 39. 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted zaturdays only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -58 46, 10 55, 155, 3 18, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 15, , St.Helens-5 32 75,8 5,835,9 25, 10 10, 10 55,11 55, 12?, 225, 2 35 3 40.5 20,6 58,7 8, Satur ays only 7 40,9 25,10 30. '4lldays 835.8 43,6 0, 9 54 bouthport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 " 19, 4 0,56, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur 4Y5 only. ~Tl4elwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 43, • 4 11, 518. 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 812. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. 5 Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756. 9 5 10 5, 11 5, 12 0, 18, _l_ls. 2 68, 40, 5 29, 60,75, 80, 9 25, a 9 40, blO 25. Sun- '4Ys 90, 9 36, 239, 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays 5 Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, '1055, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. 7 .51ua-2 37, 5 29.5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,11 0.11 50, 112 25,1 55 49., 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 28, 7 17,8 60,9 40,9 55. Sunday, 2 37 " 53. 3 35, 6 0. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROM 414t0n Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 8,52 11 2, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20, - 30. Sundays 755. 4 42. 4, Adtcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays 20,2 21.822. s_llirmingbam (L. & N.-W.)- 3 10, 550, 720, 9 10, 12 4b, 2 0, b5O 7 25. Sundays 3 10,12 40, 11 42. , Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 45, 6 50. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. bßx- nit Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 35,12 35, 347, 753 Sundays, 8 0,:1 47, 5 40. ,Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 5,10 35. 12 25 '1 40, 3 15, 5.4 .523,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 12, 7 35. , Blackpool (Central) -6 5, 725, 825, 10 0,2 55,4 10,4 58, 5. 6 60. 815. 158 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 57,8 40. ,1501ton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 2.5. 12 15.12 15,4 15, 5 10 5105,7 15, 8 35,a10 60. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m.aSatur 4551 only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 30,112 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, ° 425 _Sundays 12 5 a.m., 20, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays 41444Pted. Cheater-2 17, 6 50,8 45.10 10, 11 30, 11 35, 1 55, 2 20, 4 20, 50.6 35, 7 30, 8 10. Sundays 2 17, 935, 755, 115. O• ollins Green-6 39, 79. 842, 10 24,7,15 11 24. 12,38 18, 5 4.3,2110, 310, 4, 6,5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sundays 15, 8 lca.m• a Orewe- 2 1. 4 55, 60,6 30,8 13.9 20, 1115, 11 30, 2 16, 2 50' 45, . 54.5 6 40. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 245 s_• 0,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. ▪ Pl'resbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 48, 8 48. Sundays ' a.m. 7 45 p.m. 5 Derby-7,10, 8 12, 935, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 5, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 655, 6 35. aExcept .stoudayi. ,51tarlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 25, 54,43.16. 112 147, 13,3 11, 3 14. 515, 5 42. 5 52, 6 30, ' 45. 88 910, 9 20, 12 0, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, AO 0, 3 45. 7 24. 5 'fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 1224, 29, 327, • 6 2.654, 9 14. Sundays 8 52, 257, 52. rodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 31, 6 57, 831 's°'Ys 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. 15%arston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 55% 0. 12 56. 2 11. 35. 4 56, 59. 5 55, 6 57, 124 930 "4ndays 8 23. 910. 240, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Gilasgow-a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 5, aMon m▪ aY tra oept ed. C Izolborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2. 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15, I - 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Rough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 1055, 1.17 130, 2.22 1_• 9, 5 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 918. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4 9 10. Itlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 • 4a, days 10 59, 6 53, 8 40. 100. 5 -45atchford-8 14, 8 40. 934. 102, 11 17, 120, al 45, 2 13 55550.4 22, 55 41. 6 7, 649. 7 49, 96, 9, 42,1127. Sundays 823 '4. 0 7 23. aSatnrdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 65.60.1 50,8 0.9 25,11 50 55. 1 30, 3 201 4 25, 4 50,5 65,7 5, 8 25,10 5,11 15,, Sunday, o_7 30,9 20, 6 30,8 54 calondays only. 15545 Widnes-5 20? 10, 7 40. 830 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 50 .4 48, 1 55, 2 35, 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 635 7 30, 80 38 40, 11 0 a liaturdays excepted ,Sundays 80, 9 0 2 30, 260, 4 20. 630 33. cr ,London (L & N W)-10 0, 12 0, 515 7 10, 10 25 12 is, 55. 4 15, 530 Sundays 100. 12 0, 19 0, 5 30, 100, 10 12. 15London (Midland)-5 15, 9010 5,120, Z 0 0, 5 a 9 15, Sunoays 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. 014„Imm-8 7, 332, 9 25, 9 54. 11 8, 1 tl, al 37, 25, 250. 755, 55 33, 5 59, 6 41 7 41,8 58 933, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25. 55. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. ),Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 826. 9 5, 10 45, 11 5, 5 50, 5, 2 35, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15, 60, 75, 7 10. 80, 9 20. 1040, .pudays. 80, 8 30, 90, 9 50, 60,10 40 Saturdays excepted. t:515 Oxford Road , `Alanohester (London-road)-7 25. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 5; 3 40, b 5 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30 2,0 ▪ , 630 bSaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. 5 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 930 a 6.10 30, 1035, 1130, 1230.1245, 1 3), 2 30,3 30, 4 30,4 4 48 5.80. 6 3u.6 38, 730 .8 30, 8 33, 10 0, all 30, 11 0. Sun i455Y5 8 30,9 10. 925 9 30, la 50. 1 IS, 2 0 5, 35, 8 20, 9 40, °,ttirdaye,only. 'lltliddlewich -8 48, 2 42, 6 6. bAloore--6 56,96. 11 14,12 14,3 40,5.0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 58 Te,wton-6 47, 725, 8 42. 9 29, 10 9, 11,8 1 0,1 28, 1 55, 1; GE 51, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30, 80, 9 10, 9 55. 11 8. 11 47, 7 0 u. Sundays 8 3.5 9 18, 10 0. i'adgate 7 48, 8 26, 90.106 1 9, 2 10, 5 18 73, 9 .35. 411 days 8 53, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. a ~Preston 29, 45, 5 50, 95, 9 30 10, 10,11 28, 1 10, 4 20, 6 40 50, 9 45. 1049. Sundays 29, 45, 836, 30, 6 10, 1047, aMondays excepted. ,Runcorn 839, 9 19 10 15, 1230. 1 25, 3 2, 4 40 5 41, ‘5O, 8 30. „115rikey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 5.505, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40,6 22, 726. 8 6 934. Sundays, 8 49, " 0 340 5 7, 9 28. bheifield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55. 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. Helens-6 20,6 55, 8 8. 8 28, 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11, 12 2‘l. 12 6, 125, 2 45, 430,5 50, 82). Sunday? 45, 25, 7 25. 5 houthport-8 6, In 10,11 10,12 50,2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 7 0, 8 10, '65 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Ihelwall-8 10, 8 36, 9 30, 9 58, 1113. 1 lb, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 7 l9B. 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45, 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 , 1 „,•Wldnes(Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 40, 30, 3 25, 4 25, 5 296 12, 7 16, 7 58, 925 11 42, aSun- -5543's 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only 3 `sslnes & N W)- 758 5659 33, 10 33, 12 16, 59, 22, 2 51620, 3 58, 5,0, 5 5, 6546, 51156,1 Sundays 8 14, 2 50, 754

POSTAL INFORMATION posT OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. a. m.—Newton-le-Willows a.m.—Wigan a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore ' a.m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Newchurch a.m —Bawsey , Grappenhall, Heatlev Heath, Croft, Pad gate- Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Eastern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South' 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath. Bristol Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester 5-East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gau Belton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Suiton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, Nantwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby,Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p-m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East :Lincolnshire. Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 pan.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland.Lirerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign ...ettera and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON HEAD OFFICE High-st., Newt on POSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan Hours of 5 Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The TelenTaph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 -n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST....Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m„ and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin- ary Postage, and with an .extra halfpenny stamp. Extra id. Stamp

HEAVY FAILURE OF A LOCAL GROCER. EXAMINATION OF MR. COLLIER. STOCK EXCHANGE LOSSES. Before Mr Registrar Bldg way at the Warrington Bank- ruptcy Court, on Friday, Mr. Walter Collier, at Runcorn, who has camel on an extensive grocery and provision business at Runcorn, Widnes, Warrington, and Frod- sham, appeared for his first public examination in bank- ruptcy.—Mr. Unsworth, solicitor. represented the trustee, and Mr. F. R. Roberts appeared on behalf e, f Mr. 10t,ert Henshall. one of the creditors. The state- ment of assetc, and liabilities shows that the liabilities I are expected t rank at £8,524 13s 01, 411:1 the assets I £2,445 193 61, leaving a deficiency of £6,078 133 61. The oebtor was examined at considerable length by Mr. Potter (Assistant Official Receiver). The debtor re- markei that the statement he made to the Official Re- ceiver was correct. In it the bankrupt states that in 1889 he took over, froth his father's executors, the shop, 6, Church-street, Runcorn, practically without capital, the assets eq railing the liabilities. Ha subsequently opened various branch shops and a coal deco', ; He first became aware of bis insolvency in March, 1998. has since contracted a few debts now owing ; has speculated on the Stock Exchange for the last five years and admits he has lost about £4,000 mainly during the last two years. His 'wife claims about one half of the furniture at 6, Church-street, Runcorn, as being gifts from friends, and his mother claims furniture at 17, ' Church-street: In reply to further questions the debtor stated that when he took over his father's business he took over a liability of £5OO, a legacy due to his father's wife. That formed part of the liabilities which about balanced with the assets when he took over the business. By Mr. Potter: Why didn't you pay the money off long ago P—Debtor: I continued to pay interest on it at the rate of five per cent.—Did your mother express a wish to have the interest instead of the capital ? Debtor: In the will I was given the option to pay the interest.—l see nothing in the will that you should con- tinue paying interest P—Debtor : It was always under- stood that I cauld pay interest on the money.—Mr. Potter: What are the causes of your insolvency ?—The Debtor : Loses on the Stock Exchange and my bankers finding out that I had speculated. I had a cheque dis- honoured through it and my credit fell. You can hardly complain of the action of the bank when they found you were losing on the Stock Exchange. When did you commence transactions on the Stock Exchange P—About the beginning of 1896. • You say in your statement: I have speculated for the last 5 years and lost about £4,000 mainly during the last two years. is that answer true ?—The Debtor : Yes. Had you any money accumulated in your business to speculate with P—The Debtor: A man doing a large business has always a good floating balance. But it wasn't yours to invest P—ln plain English it , v ain't. I Llaveh't these been spcculations pure and simp'e from the very first ?—Yes. Up to when did you continue P—About the end of August. ' When did you become aware of your insolvency ? About March or April 1899. Considering your estate only shows 6s in the £ how do you account for your not becoming aware of your in- solvency before ?—Tbat is only an estimate of the . estate. Considering that your losses on the Stock Exchange were incurred over twelve menthe ago were you not aware in the summer of 1898 that you could not pay your debts ?—At that time my credit was very good. I had a large turnover and there was nothing to lead me to think that it would not come out all right. As you had no capital to start with was it not clear that you were hopelessly insolvent in September 1898. From what source did you expect to recoup yourself ?—I gave up speculating and turned my attention to business. I knew what the business Could do and I felt quite capable of bringing it through all right. When did you first discover that your liabilities exceeded your assets P—lt would be in March or May. Is it not a fact that you have contracted the greater part of your liabilities with full knowledge of your in- solvency ?—Well a fair proportion. What justification can you suggest for going on trad- ing with a knowledge of your insolvency P—Practically I have traded for the last four or five months with the Lull consent of the largest creditors. Did these creditors know of your losses ?—I told them I had lost money on the Stock Exchange and said I should pull it up with the business. How do you account for having such a large number of unsecured creditors as 170 ?—ln a trade of this size you are bound to trade direct and you have quite 150 or 160 articles. How many creditors out of these 172 did you consult as to the desirabifitv of continuing business when son were :insolvent ?—About 15 of the largest ores. Can you give the total losses on the Stock Exchange ; may I take it itwas about £5,000 P—Between £4,000 and 5,000. Have you opened any branch shops this year ?—Yes in February, at Bridge Foot, Warrington. Considering your enormous losses how do you justify your conduct in further extending the business ?—I didn't expect that the business would have been brought down Did you enter into a ten years' lease for the Bridge Foot property, and this with the full knowledge that you had dropped £5,000 on the Stock Exchange ?—Yes ; but my credit was not bad in February. A firm compelled me to give up the Bridge Foot shop, and after I bad done so there was a rush of creditors that compelled me to come into Court. The Assistant Official tieceiver questioned the debtor at some length as to the furniture which his mother and wife claimed. He said the greater portion of it was left by his father. In answer to further questions the debtor stated that ' he took stock about three times a year at the branches and at the Church-street shop very seldom. Why didn't you make some effort to ascertain how you stood financially P—lt was always my intention to put it on a thorough basis of book-keeping but it was never done. Why did you pay off two people on the 24th July just before filing your petition ?—I was asked for the money. They were employees. Will you give their names ?—Mr. Edward Roach and Mr. John Basnett. The Assistant Official Receiver said he must ask for an account in detail showing the losses on the Stock Ex- change and an amended deficiency account based on a profit and loss account. Mr. Unsworth then cross-examined the witness, who stated that he bad 8 or 9 writs served upon him befere he filed his petition. He paid two and tbe others were arranged for. Mr. Unsworth proceeded to question the witness as to certain shares, and the debtor admitted that he had no intention of taking up stock per- manently. The examination was adjourned until November 3rd, and in the meantime Mr. Collier was instructed to pre- pare tbe statements mentioned by the Assistant Official Receiver. BANKRUPTCY OF A LOCAL BUILDER. Herbert Rawling Ezerd, who recently resided and carried on business as a joiner and builder at Victoria-road, Poulton-with-Fearnhead, was further examined with respect to his bankruptcy at the Warrington Court OH Friday before Mr. Regis- trar Ridgway. The Official Receiver's state- ment showed that the liaoilities were expected to rank at £3,849 194 4d. The assets are estimated by the bankrupt to realise £2,046 16s 31, leaving a deficiency of £1,803 3s F. R. Roberts appeared for the debtor, Mr. Grant of Manchester for Mr. Henshall, one of the creditors, and Mr. Longland also for creditors. In answer to the Assistant c fficial Reeeiver,the bankrupt stated that it was on the 6th July when he first agreed to hand over goods to Mr. Henshall in fulfilment of an agreement. He valued the goods and plant which he handed over at £382, from which he received £235. Asked to explain why he should do such a thing, the debtor said he could hardly answer that question, but he riould have received more money from Mr. Henshall if he had continued building. He denied the suggestion of Mr. Potter that the object was to supply Mr. Henshall with security for about £l5O, and stated that Mr. Henshall in addition to advancing the sum mentioned also paid £3O to the Railway Company for carriage of goods. He was aware that by handing over his plant to Mr. Henshall he had reduced his assets by at least £l2O. Whatever he had done was under the advice of his lawyer. Further questioned by Mr. Potter as to whether the sale of the plant to Mr Henshall did not prevent him from continuing his business, the bankrupt, stated that Mr. Henshall allowed him the right to use the plant after he had sold it to him. He denied that there was anything behind the transaction,and said that it was a sale out and out. It was part of the arrange- ment that he should be allowed to use the plant. He continued to use the plant until the 13th July. Mr. Potter ; You have scheduled over 50 unsecured creditors, and they complain that they are left out in the cold, as you have made over your assets to Mr. Henshall. The Bankrupt: What about the equities in the pro- perties ? Mr. Potter : They don't attach much value to them. The Bankrupt proceeded to explain bow he came to sign a mertage deed which purported to have advanced him £BOO on the security of some property. '

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wast of Chester. Accrington. Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walee,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport And all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N ;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED IS FOLLOWS :

VALUABLE DISCOVRRY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey orw hite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price is. 6d per bottle. —Advt• CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . Estatlished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h ough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. Ad v t FLORILINE I—VOlt THE TEETH AND BRElTH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.fits tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLoss ' isuuequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Cornwall, says : --tly wife will not finish our linen without your ' Starch (Ease." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch. Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d. and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- ure it. T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

• -Ail- . , „A: • t 4,„ 4. -t1 ‘Vs- 'A • 'l, -a. 7,"-• 'tit. :t1 ‘!‘.. .« •• 4" FOR 10E SPILINT. INVALUADLE DURING THE HEAT AND DUST OF SUMMER. It cools and refreshes the face and hands, removes Sunburn, Tan, Freckles, Redness, Roughness, heals Irritation and Eruptions, imparts a luxuriant beauty to the complexion, and arrays the neck, face and arms in matchless whiteness, unobtainable by any other means: Bottles, 25. 3d. and 45. 6d. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL prevents the hair falling off or becoming dry in hot weather, cures baldness, eradicates scurf; also in golden colour for fair and golden hair: Sizes, 3s. 6d., 75., los. 6d. ROWLAND'S ODONTO imparts a pearl-like whiteness to the teeth, eradicates decay, and preserves the teeth. Sold by Stores, Chemists, Hair- ;dressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London. . , . .

SEIZURE of FOREIGN FRUIT IN - LONDON JAM FACTORIES. W. R. Deakin takes this opportunity of emphasizing the FACT, that only ENGLISH grown FRUIT is used in the manufacture of his delicious WHOLE FRUIT PRESERVES, and that the Rich, Fresh, Fruit Flavour, for which DEAKIN' S PRESERVES have gained such a high reputation, cannot be obtained from Foreign Fruit.

He never received any of that money, and a lawyer's letter was put into his hands which afterwards sur- prised him. It stated that he had given a local gentle- man as a collateri el security a mortgage 071 acc3unt of which he had received £5OO. Ths £5OO mentioned was the debtor stated, advanced on some Ellesmere Port deed and not on the one for the £BOO mortgage. He did not get the £BOO. The debtor was questioned at considerable length with reference to the cash account he had filed. He ultimately admitted that it was not relialceo and that be had not the data upon which to file a complete cash ac- count. 1 Referring to the guarantee given to Mr. Connor, of Sankey-street, for the Padgate 'bus, the debtcr con- tectha that the conditions were not being complied witn. Instead of two penny fares between two points the 'bus was running to Fearnhead for one fare of two- pence. Mr. Potter sad he had had several explanations of the contract given to him by the bankrupt and it seemed impossible to get at the truth. Referring to the debtor's building operations, Mr. Potter suggested that the bankrupt had gone in for wild and reckless speculation,but the debtor wou:d not admit it and said someone would get the benefit of the pro- perty if the creditors did not do so. Mr. Longland cross-examined the bankrupt who stated that he was not aware of his insolvency when he sold his plant to Mr. Henshall. Mr. Grant also cross-examined the debtor and elicited the fact that the plant was used on Mr. Henshall's pro- perty and not on that of anyone else. Mr. G.Brown,on behalf of Messrs. Clare and Ridgway, questioned the debtor as to whether he was aware that he sold to Mr. lienshall goods which were not paid for The debtor denied this, and also a suggestion that he re- moved any furnitaare on the nights of the 12th,13th, and 14th July. Mr. Roberts also cross-examined the witness who stated that he bad become bankrupt because he had a slight quarrel with the mortgagee who refused to advarce him any more money. With respect to the mortgage deed for £BOO he did not receive the money. Hs was promised £5OO on the Ellesmere Port property and £BOO on property in Warrington. He received £5OO on the Ellesmere Port property but none of the £BOO. The examination of the bankrupt was further adjourned to November 3rd.

THE FILESMITIIS' STRIKE AT WAR RINGTON. This strike still continues without any prospect of settlement. A deputation of the men waited upon Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths, Limited this week to see if a pacific settlement could be arrived at, but without any satisfactory result being obtained. Jhe men are receiving substantial assist- ance from numerous sources and are in a position to bold out for some considerable time. Fresh appeals are being issued in various parts of the country and these are endorsed by the Sheffield Trades Council and signed by Mr. C. Hobson, J.P, president, and Mr. S. Uttley, J.P., secretary. At the present time both parties to the dispute show no inclination to yield, and the struggle promises to be an unusually long one. It seems a dispute in which arbitration might be introduced with advan- tage.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG wds titht7ti n rnmdischargeaion or n (lost W surroundedwoun swollen. that per ha von press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the irr. pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have eft,ended various hospitals and had medical advice, an-1 Peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I CAN CURE You. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREET LorinoN, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILT which lea certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pots )281 Hands, II unions. (Registered Copy! ight.)

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES, M ERSEY CYCLE WORKS. LIVE RPOOL•ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OF THE MERSEY. AND AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS lIUDGE WHITWORTH, TRIUMPH. LEA FRANCIS, TOWNEND, AND COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. WE HAVE IN STOCK A QUANTITY OF SLIOP SOILED AND SECOND HAND BICYCLES WHICH WILL BR SOLD AT REDUCED PRICES :SOLF: MAIOERS OF THE ELEGANT CYCLE STAND " ALLEN'S PATENT."

, "1;13 r -.0•••"-- 4.rti w• r 4 cel, d • r 7, L'l7 (r ,74-4:40; in! bit Et. CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC N RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It ;Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/14. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain like a strong cup of SYMINGTOIg'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. 82 ,

u JUNO . CYCLAMS For Ladies and .::7,:'....;, )./ .., ,// Gentlemen are (0,.,:.',11,4ei"-:\ the very best 2.n..1 --e:"0. I. ------41:------ most up-to-date. ,i(.l/4\ \ -.-_,."--///,, , Carriage Paid. \‘'.. q..r '' POST \N".7 F- --.) Cash Discount. , ../,- ~ ' ----- £lO 0 168 Monthly No. 4, £lO los. n C Monthly. £lO 10 17,4 do. i . Write for Nev. Season's List of Juno Cycles £l2 0 20, do. and Accessories, sent Post Free. £l2 12 21, do. + metropolitan Machinists' Co., Ltd,74 14 24,6 do. • Wi, bilUt. E. C.. &nuns 16 24/3 do P33e:Zdilly Circus, London. W. Type Writers, £9 9s. 13,9 Pilonthly. 'lb

_ , , • f PEN YP Y 1 ' .',O TOWLEs &LeELA.:SPisL L*3* - . FOR - F EPA A L IQUICKLY CoRRECT ALL imattorrLArtrrins, axmovs ALL OBSTRUCTIONSi and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sea. Boxes,l/11& 219 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Bent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., AlaAufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Rewar, of Imitations, injurious and trolly, -------------_ THE GREAT REMEDY. 016 AI lis - \ GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and Feffr bectomx.al. All Chtrristsliand Stores at I.s. lid. and 2s. 9dr

SYMINGTON'S I EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE. 100

"----- f--------_-------_-_,,, \,,,,, ,tv ycku VNY itk N '77 T 0 PUFt C 11-1 Jal S E A • TIN OF' _. 44.-.1.-':.,.. SoT 77.--,::,:_-_-: - -ss. \ , `., i ~,. ill , : ~.. ... ..,,. .. w•-w ...,, uds, ......1) P,.... ~,,,r... f ,_ N ..., \„ , / i ~,,,, '4'.?•Ar? , •,..,... ,wty- :yl , ..; _ ‘,\l:lf—..----------- .-/.1/...?: w - • 111 A KE e - (-4 . UR E THa HAM LI ~-, c ))C, OuiPaikti. AND:27HE , iiii,•- -, ULLLS DrL. ,L7..' AK> - ~.., ________ . _ are oft TINe _ /di !.. -,_::.,1,,,‘. ''',-,., \ sOMiefi • / ' -. .__,.., _ -i-s4 _ ____,_ 1 .‘• i ,--- 1-------,----, - . ca_____ ;1 .: _.—...-...._, ~.:z..,. I. ~--i,--------,_-___._._----___________------ -_------=_ ------___ ,!1 _------ 4.1-- --------- - - ----- --.- __Label • - ~,,---------- v,, .. --,--,,,..././-----7---- -it-----;-----_--- --- - —_-_ --.-. -.:1!., - - - - 'llll, / c*-. .‘ NiiCo'-'-'-'-'4''' --->:---.7r ral a @e=eli.-1' ;-=---- U incuiS I' 0 1 6:707 .. •,,,, „........,_-_,,„..,_ ...„..,,,,,,--.1:,..,:;.14..,,,i,1 g _-_,___ --- i -j-ivi ii.,1,, 11 s 1,1, ~ni.,t.r.,,.,,,...,.3... _._-., I , - ustard •44 M ain ,d' -_-- __ - _ :-,,,-0,---air) •,. - 1 tiil.l.;yl---us-t-a-:::.------14' - --- -------------;.4i'l'-'ll'- [ir'':°- .' - .., ••,• ......, • —,,..,,• , ... L 41,14 ..,..., ..„......„.4.1 II I ~ 0 ~ ~, b... • ,A. , _, _, . . . 1 1, i r , 777 'I, i'l I I 1•'!f if! l!' .2.1:1 1--- -. . - _•----; ,1,•,, =T- USta I ' —1 . ~ _ustar, ,---_-__ ' ' •• i ' ' Ili 1 I;.,viv,i PI tr,,•,,i _---,----- ...„,,,,,...„....,.:,,,,,,.. _ .1. . -.__..,._ IC% t. ~ . 1 . -‘...2.r........-_-- I' . ~:;;; 4:',....1 Ip! : 1 —",r :-7---,,,,,,,::-. .• .......;',.,•.' .-.,-..--sit ~..:/.. -,,,..-,•,...-...-,,-. . - :.., .. ~-,-,..;:-_,-----.. ......... ii,.. ___. .. ._. ...„,7---- --2!_i. - 40.--_,..,,-,-, .- ~ .. ri„,.. • 1.14 d -... ,1,..!--7.'"Thlrr. •... . . . -:,--c----,....- .1;1.,.. : , -"" " - - ..4‘''.. - ---.7-. .... v t. , i.. - - ------ ...'4.."- - ,''..... , -'...--,--•-r---7-,--' •-. ~,--'7'...',,,,-,- -• , . . P..---.11.-,-‘07.2: Vi11,..11.— (o,Vt.a -17"--!--I..,."-`,''',-;;.' ii iii, - ,-.:....,../1.-..77.,,. ..,:..-7:4-i,., ti,:q..4.; ...;'. ----,a---„.__ t tie# ,i,,t-F,,,4/. ti.rt.,,,,,q:h • ;,... , . ~.,-...--,-,,..,.. - r ..,-,-_-;.--,...-- :. • ...,„ -,..,.-,;" - -......0. .•,- 'AV; , -,.il i/, ~•a. 111,7 ~..„ _.•',,,,';4., 7,51 it 1 'li ~ pt f ../.!,,,•:,_:, ...„,„.,-•,41 .„,-,...---...„.„:•.:, - _•.- --___ q,f ~,0,TAA.:7,111,- 1:.• ..,iz, ‘,.,..,.11.7.51.,:...n ....`_\, • , ----- 4 -0013, '''N' .i• Vn,',l4. 410R1f, .. 1 ._,.:......_. , ..,1,4...1.,.4.,•...:..; ,f! I ' ..,'.4.,,ii§; ~' .''.14.4,,z.',4..1:, .....):p...,, ~..._,., '77.4_,,r-77_,...---i„. :-.;.,,,,, ~.,,t,-1/1,:?Il. ''., :,.;....c.i,'..•_,_„-_, `..''''-',w...i.__ _ Z17.,T..._.2.Lu---„,..__ t"L.,. "-'' "'''''.'-'-_. 4-4-4,0 VIA:. 4;-.1:A1',V1,, \''. rilik-11011EP4-&-'iIr:VOLIgAJLW:I.T.r'' '''. . A'S ', ''.,,`., :, ' 4^,.,.;..!:.; ... 11 ",, ,ek.,!•:.;;;., ~.1.: k....„ ;'..:-.• ;-.;.,;.,..A`-.• " :W.,:.' _.,.. • -=:\ `..-I.' i.:At.‘:- -IT '.;, , • Nt*.A, ;-7-,-0.1.41...,i-4- . -;,.% :, • •,!" ' A-4' f,:s!,- 16. -. • ;I - it, , . ~.. ~,...- :.. , - ...,.• , - 4i1....,,,,,i,..,...::--..-....,,..,,,, ..,., ,:a.-", ~ ....-_ -_-e,-, - ~,„,;t:=,. -„•,, ...-4., çgPT 9N N 9 PFtg TgNc..o linv..\\„cl.'.-,2L..'. .---"Z "'-le'''' *'"' -- " Jr-fr. .'"' - TgAffiVANCY TIN WriCti ....- .• , 4.. gsg DISTINCT IV iyiAßKs_,-..,,,„.,-„..,-,-.N•zxl.,. :.,.•\•., • ~,,,,50.4,e,4,,Xr '. •; .. :4,4;7 ' /1.--r- ~;‘,...7., :i..l,,filiiiir: I • •:. s;'-: , - ,i,,'2...., `I! 4.': ,:; ._ -:- _r 1 .•?. ' . pi?, *.,,,.....',t ,',..!-:',`l,f . A -.. ',-_. . ~ -.. ~•,/ . , '..G',. ~. ... ..-. ', ' ......: . .1, ;qtr._ ..,-,,.. e...V.,14,..p.e.V., 4A. ..k.„,...frk .• • . .....„,l. ;‘,;,, i,,,,,„.,.. ;ii, I -- ...,.0.,..:•„...::::___;40:„..:;•:.....„,„-,..,.‘„ . • •:. • • ...,.:__.•-•-,,a,....• :1.„ ,A- • ~..-...._ - 1i...._ ... _...,.. ..., ,•-rla , 1 ~ .-":14m....-'*• • 411.1 i,,, t Dpu NQ T ...:- N‘..iA.,A, J,, ."'"'":WV10.1,..,•1-..'frtf„-- - - -,, ~ ..--__ ' a ___-_ _______,----_- -k• 7-- ',,w 1- A, -.. • • .7,- .---,,,,K, •,: 0. _ • !...-, 1- si . -., .. ..: : -`7:5111., (0,..,.!,,,f:, A • •-. i _:- - • ..a 'Te'''' • - titl'...T.,-...- - ' . ....._ ~.,... w,... .. , :0 .. ~k, 5,...._ . . ~,a, .i..,, _,..A,...;.r :. ...,...: . /...P, r7J,R.ZeIrt/PERF/IVE) Is the.‘A.P.N.V_\-.\N----1“:11"k\VAt J.'...:=-''.."‘-''''' F 11l - - • --, -• /. • ~, • ---,A0.2.-,--,,..• 1. 1....) .ii:.:A...... • .

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS vset 13iIioos and Nervous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, itc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78. New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

DOUBLE YOUR INCOME by selling EXTRA ICE CREAM. The most profitable article on the market. If Tou now sell "Ice C-eam," our Recipe will doable your takings. If you do not sell "Ice Cream '' you miss some very largo profits. A very small outlay would be required to commence in this most profitable business. We offer you the very best Recipe in the Kingdom for making Extra Toe Cream. The most delicious Ice imaginable. All instructions to purchasers of Recipe free. For further partieulars apply to— J. MACKINTOSH, 8, Park Terrace, HALIFAX. (Please mention this paper.)

F OR F IRST -CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. rEETII. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost ot work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Exottracianot,ass hitherto by the !TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. _Boors. of the late J. 11.• PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER 46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). LIVERPOOL ....-...........-.........5, BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS .GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN....--- -7, BRIDGE-STREET TULSDAY. 2 p.m. WARRINGTON ..... SANKEY-STREO WEDNESD tY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH APPLE ARKET-3TREE'r FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. PARSONS—HEILD—August 31st, at Emmanuel Church, IV„a,Ar rington. by the Bey. E. T. Heed, William Parsons to A,""" Heald, both of Warrington (no cards). TOWERM—READ—Angust 28th, at the Parish Cbure Warrington, by the Rev. G. W. Dickinsom, Joseph Tower. to .4artha Ellen Read. DEATHS. navia STONE— August 30th, at Bewsey-road, Warringt,on. Samuel Stone, aged 30 years. fberis LAwLoß—August 21th. at Vere-street,War rington, Cs Lawlor, aged 68 years. too, Hawmrts—August 24th, at Edward-street, Warring 'lll,inas Hawkins, aged 64 years. CAnTwntawr —August 24th, at Knutsford-road, Cartwright, aged 77 years.

FRIAR3GREBN, Warrington, Opposite ArpleY Stti°64 Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essenhigh'" S. T. S T WARD AND Co., MON UM PNTAL SCULPTORS, AJARBLE MASONS. &co, tC Makers of all kinds of Chimney pieces, 'llllllte , aras Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones 01 Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTERCUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTILw MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY'.
