===== 0002601_18990407_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! ! For Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion. f,V - -BAIRD'S .1.1)ILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS.

Speedy, Safe, Secure Remedy. When in doubt take a Baird's PEI. ERICH la. lid, BOOTS Reduced Price 90. Local Bran ihes of BOOTS Cash Chemists :- I.,RittuitseTon3s, BRIDGE-ST4ERT, 5, BRIDGE- ' BT„Ilir AND MA XET-GA'TE. Ays'eltPowr :-26, .d.cIDGE-STRBET BROW. :v.kittens-NI :-37. RAILWAY-STREET. 13,rl'U :--58, CHURCH-STREET. 0 • HELExs :-6, ORAISKIRK-STREET. •28, R ZialtaTE .-- EASTG U ATM ROW and 30, HAG/AM- ID at

===== 0002601_18990407_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
41&,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1043.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

T. ULARKE. " EXAMINER' OFFICE,

331 MARKET Sr., EARL ESTOWN, STATIONBIL, NEWSAGENT. &c.. Ac. LADIES SATCHELS. PURSES. and a Good Variety of other Articles useful and ornamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING.b PO WDILR.

KEA.TING'S POWDER.

KEATING 's PO WDKEilte.Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Ribs Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF UNRIVALLED KILLER OF Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harm.

less to eierything but Insects.) Sold only in tins. 3d., ed., and Is. Only be sure you do get "Keating's." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, .BEE-44ES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. ARTHUR W. BAKER'S GAUGES,

SEE STAND No. 27.

ON THE STAGE, IN THE CENTRE OF THE

===== 0002601_18990407_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ORCHESTRA.

NXCELSIOR GAUGB ViTRICS,

WARRINGTON.

BY : POST { IS. 74d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. Is gd. per Quarter credi

Orbibi(tan abbtrtiOnunts.

"A 50s. W ONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID swum HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIE .Irl/ SHILLINGS." This wat chis timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Boos. Me Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given 'with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B, Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P.U.O.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged TEETH Bach pa.tent infOrmed beforehand the cost TEETH. for worig required. TEETP.;.. Gold and otheerLiginesg.: at moderate

All consultations free.

TEEM. Au M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid. of Nitrous Oxide.

TEETH.

Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHE5TER...,..:...r.,......._46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1686).

LIVERPOOL-- BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155)

ST. HELENS .......-................GE0RGE-STREE MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN BRIDGF,STREEr TUESDAY. 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREW. WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

APPL EMARK ET STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

J. GROOMS,

PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER. (LANE WITH MESSRS. W. WOODS AND SON), 19, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. BEST WORKMANSHIP LOWEST PRICES. PUNCTUALITY. WINDING- BY CONTRACT.

UNDER THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD, BOOTS.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., Li) SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS. LIMITED. SLATE AND BIJILDER,3' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKBRSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICR AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sid ings and Branch Office: Marson Street. Warrington

MAVirSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS

AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 35 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. . _ _

- - GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d

9, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES

EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in

CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERNIARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY rt FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is, lA-d. Sold by ][looTs kdASII CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 9.1 d. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE —NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director, Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL. MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM,

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows. Sc. removed any distance up to 15 miles ott the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading, Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected witta Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. .kiLAUGHTEIi YAhD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

GO TO

- - PEMBERTON'S Fon WOOLS,

PEMBERTON'S FOR STOcKINGS,

PEMBERTON'S FOI2 GLOVES,

PEMBERTON'S FOR CARDIGANS.

ONLY MAKER IN THE TOWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN.

35, WIN WICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL. WARRINGTON, AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICIL

===== 0002601_18990407_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 ,

t , -

===== 0002601_18990407_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME RECOLLECTIONS OF OLD WARRINGTON. SIXTY-FIVE YEARS AGO.

BY THE LATE THOMAS LETHERBROW. ALDERLEY EDGE, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.

Sitting here in an enforced idleness which has already lasted many weeks, my thoughts have re- verted to a letter which appeared in the columns of the" Manchester City News" some time ago. The 'writer bad conversed with a man who had assisted in the construction of the railway line between Man- chester and Liverpool, over sixty years ago, who, he' seemed to think, was the only survivor of that band of workers who were the pioneers of our vast rail- way system. Yet, curiously enough, the hand that traces these lines, then a very, small one, helped to shape some of its accessories. It way in my grand- father's workshop at Warrington, and while I sit musing here the whole scene Comes back tome with its pictureeque interior,and the faces and voices long since swallowed up in the grave. As for good Peter Phillips himself there is barely anyone in the old town who remembers him, though the Methodist Free Church almanac or this year (1898) records his name as being six times president of the Con- ference.and the portrait of his.wife Hannah Phillips fills the upper &lit hand corner of the sheet. Looking back more than sixty years how vividly the old town of my childhood, Warrington upon the Mersey, returns to me. It was a sleepy old town then, lying upon its broad river, circled round by calm fields and flowery hedgerow's, overlooked by the dark crest of Hill Cliff and the heights of Halton Castle, the Arpley meadows and broad salt marches of Cuerdley lying between. Our main street was Bridge-street, which aecended from the river to the Market Gate, where the latter merged itself in the but ter market. Half way up was Friar's Green, where stood the chapel in which we all assembled on Sundays, and where my grandfather,en ardent disciple of Wesley, frequently preached. Here and there were quaint gabled magpie houses of the seventeenth century. In the midst the famous hostelry of the Red Lion reared its sign aloft, and I used to watch the swift mail coaches dashing up with sounding horns, the guards shining in scarlet and gold. Following these came an endless succession of gigs, post- chaises,vans, and wagons, which crowded the high- way from Manchester to Liverpool, furnishing con- tinual interest to the loungers and gossips at the street corners. Not far off staid the stocke,where I occasionally have seen a lusty toper bear the brunt ' of public detislon. We knew fill our neighbours, high and low, by sight and names, and took a kindly and social in- terest in their proceedings. It seems to me as I re- call past incidents, that the little town abounded in originals of the most varied types. One of the most prominent was a certain so-called Captain Leigh, an old sailor, who often looked in at my grandfather's workshop. He wore a long blue coat with large brass buttons, corduroy knee breeches, white stock- ings, and was ornamented by a pig-tail which I used to twitch, and then vanish round a corner. Many had been 010 Leigh's adventures, and some of them found their way into a-contemporary newspaper or magazine. Perhaps some of sour readers may have read tt em, and can recall the name of the publica- tion. His most terrible experiences were on board a Liverpool shin engaged in the slave trade. Leigh lived to a great ag and he had a novel way of celebrating hie birthday. With two or three par- ticular cronies he used to drive in a cart through the principal streets arreyed in his Sanday clothes. His grave-stone inscribed with his name was reared up in the cart, a barrel of ale occupied another corner, and he treated his aeauaintances to free drinks en route, stooping at intervals to sing "Rule Britannia "and various other nautical ditties. Such small diversions made a town show. We bad no concerts, no penny readings, nor guilds, nor Shakespere societies, and our dim-fronted poorly- lighted shops gave small promise of the rich Cheshire cheese and good farmer; hams and butter

MARVIaLGLS PoLYPk-iON MUbiCAL By THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much su- perior tone. HUNDREDS OF TUBES can be played you can choose your own tunes. GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE IUNES. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25.

_ ARCHER & SONS, 43 TO 47 LORD-STREET,

LIVERPnOL.

-wags PLAY • •• - _ i11e%"14,40, V '1.21/4$ • =

===== 0002601_18990407_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USE M CDOUGAL :S PATENT SELF-RAISING PLO U R IT IS TER BEST.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
interior, the shavings and sawdust on the floor, and the pulleys in the roof connected with a big wheel crown below. Three of his big sons worked along with him. Masters. sons, and workmen were all pretty much on an equality, and there were plenty of jake, fragments of songs, aild what Pepys calls " good discourse " when the master deemed it best to give things a serious turn. But no oaths were allowed, though sometimes party feeling ran high and Whig and Tory fell fool of each other. In the big grate burned a fire of shavings and log ends. Occasionally, to my great joy, a sort of iron gibbet was let down the big chimney displaying a row of hams, juicy and shinieg and of a rich sienna brown, which had been hung there to be flavoured by the aromatic pine and oak shavings. Never were such collops as those hams yielded ! Many were my visits to the workshops, and it was on one of these occasious that I actually took part, in my small way, in shaping some of the accessories of the famous railway of Stephenson. My grandfather, his proper line of business being slack, took a contract to furnish a number of wooden balls or plugs with iron spikes in them, which were to be used in the construction of the iron road. They were made by means of a steel punch fixed firmly in a wooden handle or head. This punch was placed on a piece of wood, the head was struck smartly with a wooden mallet and a cylindrical peg was produced. Into this: was fixed an iron spike, and it was then ready for use. I persuaded my un'l a to let me try this operation, and to my great glee found that I could produce these wooden pegs with considerable success. And so I may say with truth that I assisted in the con- struction of the Liverpool and Manchester line, the first passenger railway in the world. When I was last in the town of my birth it was to lay in the grave the last of the friends of my youthful days left on the old spot, and it was diffi- cult to believe that it was the same heaven and earth that rejoiced my young soul. We are told that the revolution brought about by the invention of the locomotive is a beneficent one. It may be so; but. I look in vain for that life of plain living and high thinking of which my grandparents were an example. The sky is hidden in smoke; the bright river of my youth is loaded with filth from the teeming cities of ineustry ; and the friendly faces and familiar voice,—they too are gone! As Walter von der Vogelweide sings—

31v onee m rry contraies aged are and slow, The old fie,cla are empty, the o d woods laid low, Only the wide water flows as it did flow anc ester C ity News.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBA.LL CLUB _- FIX f URES AND RESULTS. POINTS. FOR AGS

Sept. —Swinton, h -3 3 10—Oldham, h 0 ...... 9 17—St. Helens, h 3 0 24—Widnes, a Oct. 1— SaHord, a B—Morecambe, h 15—Barrow, h lO 5 22—Rochdale H a 3 2 29 —Ty Idesley h Nov. 5 —Millom, a 12—Broughton R. Li 19—Oldham, a 26—Morecambe a 7 2 Dec. 3—Barrow, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, h 8 6 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 27—Hull, a 31—Swinton, a 0......10 Jan. 2—Wigan, a 14—Leigh, h 21 - Tyldesley, a Feb. 11—Salford, Ii 14—Leigh, a 18—St. Helens, a. 3 ...... 12 25—Broughton .t a 2......19 Mar. 4—Rochaale if., Is 11—Widnes, h 18—Cup Tie; Barrow. h l2 ...... 2 25—Cup Tie, Oldham,a 0 ...... 14 31—Milinn. h Apr. I—ttockport, a 3—Runcorn, a _

, B—Hull K Hovers, h 15—Birkenhead W a

===== 0002601_18990407_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR AkIST Sept. 3 —Wigan. a 4 3 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham, a Oct. I—Leigh. h B—Wieines. a 15—Cheshire v Lancishire, 22—Tyldesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, Nov. s—Morecambe. h 12—Salford, a 19—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton it.. h 5 13 Dec. 3—Bradford, a 10—zwinton, h 17—Rochdale H., h 24—Broughtou 14., a 26—Warrington, a 31—TyWesley, h Jan. 2—St. Helens, a 0 0 7—Swinton. a 0 7 • 14 —Wigan, h 25.- 0 21—Stockport, h Feb. 4—St. Hele is, h ab“udoned 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widnes, 11 . ll 0 21,—Leigh, a 25—Rochdale H., a Mar. 4 —Oldham, h 11—Stockport, a 18—Cup Tie, liunc3rn Recs., h 25—Cup Tie. Leigh,a 2. ..... 4 Apr. 3—Warrington, h 33 5

===== 0002601_18990407_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
-WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR AGST Sept. 3—St. Helens, h LO—Wigan, a 17—Morecambe, a 24- Warrington, h Oct. I—Tyldesley, B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh h 29—Rochdale 11., a Nov. s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, .. 3 3

_ 12—Swinton, a 19—Salford, h .., 9 6 6—St. Helens, a 0 0 Dec. 3—Lancat ter, h 10-01dharn, a 0 14 17—Motecambe, h lO 2 23—Rochdale H., h 31—Leigh, a Jan. 2—Stockport, a 14—Stockport, h 26 10 21—Salford, a Feb, 4—Tyldesley, h 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 0 11 . 25—Oldham, li 2 0 Mai. 4—Broughton it., Ii 8 0 11—Warrington, a 15—Broughton R., a 5 15 18—Cup Tie, Fleetwood, h 25—Cup Tb., Dewsbury.li 2B 3 Apr. I—Cup Tie, Leeds. la 3—Swinton, h B—CuP lie, Oldham, a

ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

-- --- POINTS. FOR AGIST Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3-- Widnes, a 10—Broughton R., h 17—WarrinAon,.a 24—Morecambe, a Oct. 1-01dham, h l5 9 . B—Rochdale H., h 15—Lancaster. 22—Swinton, a 29—Wigan, a, ••• ••• 22 3 Nov. s—Leigh, h. 12—Wigan, h •••"• ~... 10 7 lq—Leigh. a ... 2 5 26—Whines, h Dec. 3—Birkenhead W., 1.4 10—Hulls 0 l9 17—Broughton Rangers. a • 24—Salford, a 26—Tylde B ley. h Jan. 2-Ituncorn. h 0 0 7—Salford, h 14—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a 28—Oldham, a 0 16 Feb. 4—Runcorn, a abandoned 11—Tyldesley, a 18—Warrington, h l2 3 Mar. 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale H., a 0 16 18—Cup Tie, Whitworth, h - 25—Cup Tie. Morecambe, h 29—Cup Tie, Morecamte (replayed) a 5 31— do do do la rt 'Apr. 1— do Salford. a 3—Lanc aster, h ' l6 • B—Morecambe, h

TO-DAY'S MATCHES. The following matches will be played to-day. !The matches to:be played on the ground of the first named club. Warrington v ifuil Kingston Rovers Oldham v Widnes St. Helens v Morecambe Stcekport v Swinton

in response to Mr. Price's signal, a hansom drew up to the kerbstone, just outside the Princess Delilah's residence, and at the same time two men sauntered up to the doorway. Whatever might be the Princess's desire to display her charms to the best advantage under all circumstances, she did not spend much time in dressing, and did not keep the hansom waiting above five minutes ere she presented herself, ready for departure. Mr. Price was in a state of ever-increasing bewilderment; for his infatuation for this beautiful woman was fighting with the persistently obtruding suspicion that she was a criminal of the deepest dye, or, at all events, the accomplice of criminals. On seeing how resplendently lovely she looked, a recollection of his own sartorial deficiencies struck the fastidious American; and he glanced in dismay at his crumpled shirt-front and evening dress, which his light,dustcoat was scarcely able to hide. For the first time also he discovered that he was minus a good many of the articles he had worn when he came to this house on the previous night. "Good Heavens!" he thought. "Surely the necklace isn't gone!" But an examination of his pockets proved that it was no longer in his possession; and his mind was in an extraordinary turmoil of conflicting emotions as he hastily advanced to meet the Princess, who was, however, in so pre-occupied a mood that the only notice she took of him was to respond to the .Testure which indicated the waiting hansom. He .vas about to assist her into it, when a curious feeling of repulsion seized him, and the hand which would have been held out to her dropped limply by his side.

"She must be speaking the truth," was the thought which flashed through his mind; "and when she came after me last night, it was only to make sure that I had not escaped from the trap to which she had sent me If robbery was the object, it appears to have been successful; and I shall present a fine figure at Scotland Yard. But, never mind, if she can go through with it, I will." The Princess had noticed his instinctive action, and after springing into the hansom without his assistance, she turned upon him a face vThich was blazing with scorn. But she uttered not a word to him, nor did she speak again until the short drive to Scotland Yard was completed. Mr. Price was in such a chaos of bewilderment that he failed"to see that he and his companion were being rigorously shadowed by the two men who were on duty in Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke's interests. At present all that they had to do was to guard against the Princess Delilah's escape. But they were doing that so effectually that her criminal career was certain to have reached its limit, even if wild jealousy had not prompted her to the full confession she was about to make.

Her destination was somewhat of a surprise to the detectives; but it did not take them off their guard, and they followed her to the door of the room in which she was presently interviewed by an inspector, who took i.lown her statements as methodically as if he were not face to face with the greatest professional sensation of his life. Stripped of its interpolations, this is the gist of what the Princess Delilah had to reveal,:

"I- was born in Courland twenty-nin't years ago, at the castle of my uncle, Prince Nicholas of Cour- land, to whom my -mother had returned after the death of her husband, Prince Carlos of Mitylene, whom she only survived three years. She brought with her her only son, and we were, educated together. But my uncle had a fancy for making me his heiress ; and, with , this end in view, he obtained a permit from the Czar to enable me to succeed to his title. Therefore, although I was born a Princess of.Alitylene; I have 'always been known as the Princess of Courland ; and after my brother and I grew up, we found that it suited our plans better to appear to be unrelated to each other. When I was nine years old, the Duke and Duchess of Hapsburg Solltesein came to visit my uncle. briuging with them their only son, Otto, who was my senior by ten years. In spite of our high- sounding titles, we were none of us possessed of wealth enough to gratify our luxurious tastes; and after the death of my uncle, it did not take my brother and me long to dissipate ,the fortune he had left me.

"In being thus extravagant, we .were not uneasy about the Suture, .for both Carlos and I had gifts which we knew we should be able to turn to good account. He had a passion for science, and the abstrusities of electrical engineering were child's play to him. As an inventor, he had a great future before him, and I—well, I knew that I was beautiful, and I only needed to exercise my witcheries to wheedle fortunes out of my admirers. But to live strictly on these lines was too tame an existence for us; and after we began to see a great deal of our friend Otto, whose parents were now Adead, we struck up a partnership which has so far been as phenomenally successful as it has been daring. "It has been my task to win the hearts of rich men, and if they shewed no disposition to beggar themselves for love's sake, to entice them into the tiger's den, to which I will presently conduct you. In this way about a dozen wealthy men have been disposed of in London alone; but as the majority of them were birds of passage, their informal dis- appearances were attributed either to eccentricity or to lack of courtesy on their part. With some of the later victims it has been different, for there were plenty of people in London who were interested in them; and we had almost decided to seek a fresh field for our work, as it could no longer be pursued here with impunity. "It will be news to a great many people to learn that the Princess Delilah of Courland and Madame Celia,' the wonderful clairvoyante, are one and the same person. As a Princess I gathered ts fund of information coacerning the feather- ,ained society folks who came to consult Madame ' and who never dreamt that the sorceress who concealed her fair skin and blonde hair by a marvellously life-like mask and a purple-black wig, . was the beautiful Princess.

"One of my more recent devotees was Mr. John Mills, who had a hobby for collecting precious stones, and who had the still greater peculiarity of keeping his hobby secret from his friends. He gave the star-sapphire to Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke. But, contrary to his statement, it was by no means the only gem he possessed at the time; and it remained for me to worm his secret out of him. After I made this discovery, Mr. Mills had but a short career; and it was in connection.with his disappear- ance that I found it necessary to give up the use of my favourite :flowers. I heard accidentally that when he was last seen by the porter of the mansions in which he lived,' there was a mark on his coat caused by the adhesion of the pollen of a flower .similar to some that he ' had brought home with him. Luckily, these flowers, which I had given to Mr. Mills, had been thrown away before they could be used as a clue by a certain amateur detective, who has busied himself over the affair. But the

"This letter was written while young Rizzen- Quicke was labouring under hypnotic compulsion, as were also the signatures of certain cheques which had been cashed for our benefit from time to time. I have no doubt, in his normal condition, he would have been horrified at the idea of stealing anything at all, much less the most valuable gem his mother had. Of course, the letter in which he said that he was going on a yachting tour was as far from the mark as were many others which have puzzled the police. "Although I got a fright when I inspected the piece of blotting-paper, and realised what a very narrow escape I had had, I soon recovered my composure, and invented a plan which was calculated to dispose effectually of those who dis- trusted us. "An enormous amount of gems have come into my possession during the last ten years, and after they have been removed from their settings by my brother, they have generally been sold as part of our ancestral inheritance. Sometimes, when watching other women, I have thought that if I could only be as innocent and care-free as they were, I would give all I possessed. But these ideas have invariably been banished again by the intoxication of complete success. "My love has always been given to the Duke of Hapsburg-Solltesein. But I have, nevertheless, revelled in the adulation of other men, and their worship has been the incense which has urged me to still more merciless conquests. And now all this is to come to an end, because my confederate, • after knowing me for twenty years, is still unable to read my character. He thinks that he can befool me and throw me on one side, and he has even sneered about me to another woman! This is an unpardonable offence, and it is this that has induced me to unravel the whole of the mysteries which have defied elucidatimi until now. "One word more.. Mr. Samuel Mosenthal, although he professed to be wildly in love with me, was a very difficult man to deal with, for he worshipped Mammon still more than he worshipped Cupid, and no amount of flattery or bewitchment 'could cause him to lose his head. Indeed, I would have given him up as a failure, had he not been too dangeruos a man to be allowed to escape. He, the Duke, and my brother, had promoted a big syndicate, and although their names did not appear in the prospectus, he trusted them so completely that if they could only have got rid of him, they would have had no difficulty in appropriating the many thousands of pounds which were sent in by eager sharebuyers. But as I have already said, I found him an obstinate subject to deal with, and on the occasion of his last visit to my house, 'he even failed to yield to the Duke's hypnotic powers. As it was not desirable to allow him to go at large again, a struggle became necessary, and it was during this struggle that his watch-chain was broken. But I never dreamt that part of it had been left behind when he was subsequently removed to—the tiger's den. You shall know what that den is like soon. "My brother lives in the next street to me, and his house and mine stand almost back to back. Having plenty of money, and being in the habit of paying liberally for any services that are rendered to us, we are always able to secure whatever co- operation we need, and our subordinates are invariably Russians or Greeks, who are naturally antagonistic to English people, while, at the same time, they revere us as the last representatives of a long line of Sings, whose grandeur had faded before that of the British dynasty had begun. In their eyes we are entitled to exercise 'the Divine Right of Kings,' to do whatever pleases them, and as they believe that 'Kings can do no wrong, they never hesitated to do our bidding, so they must not be held responsible for their obedience. "To continue. These servitors of ours have, by dint of great labour, constructed a subterranean connection between the house in which I reside and the house which is rented by my brother. This passage is carefully walled in and flagged, and my brother has himself fitted it with electric light, so that it may be available for our use at any time of the night or day. The precautions we have taken are so great, and the way of communciation is so cleverly hidden, that we have enjoyed absolute immunity from detection, and it is doubtful if all the resources of Scotland Yard could have success- fully unearthed our secret without my aid., But come, I expect that my accomplices, as you would call them, will soon arrive at my brother's house with some prisoners, who are not intended to leave it again, and if you want to save their lives you have no time to lose."

While the Princess Delilah had been uttering this strange confession, her auditors were spell- bound with amazement. The story she had told them implied that she was an accessory, if not a principal, in a wholesale series of murders. Yet she spoke with such little evidence of horror or remorse that. it was difficult to believe her state. ments. On the other hand, if she spoke the truth, every moment was of the most vital importance, and in an incredibly short space of time the Princess, Mr. Priee, the • inspector, and two plain-clothes policemen, were driving back to the house which had been described as the entrance to a tigoeo slaa.

CHAPTER, XXVL

" THE REVELATOIN.

"This way," said the Princess Delilah, whose erstwhile fury had calmed down into a deadly implacability under the influence of which , she looked more satanically beautiful than ever. "There are plenty of you to ensure your mutual safety, and though I am going to lead you into one of the most hellish traps that scientiiic genius has ever invented, I give you the word of a Delilah that no harm shall come to you."

The promise thus given did not prove very re- assuring, for those who heard it were not too favourably impressed by the speaker's sense of honour. But there was no faltering from the task which had been undertaken, and treachery was guarded against by placing an officer at the entrance to the subterranean passage. The said entrance was capitally adapted for eluding observation, for it was ostensibly the door of a Wardrobe, which only the initiated possessed means of opening. • Passing through this wardrobe the traitorous Princess led Mr. Price and the officers of the law down a steep flight of stone steps, along a smoothly.' floored corridor, which had nothing very contraband-looking about it, after she had turned the electric light on, and to the foot of another flight of steps. Then she cautioned silence, and listened for a few moments ere she ventured further.

"We are in time," she whispered, and a look of diabolical satisfaction, which overspread her face as she spoke, produced a strong . effect upon at least two of her companions. "My God! How can I ever have thought ,that I loved this fiend!" was Mr. Price's reflection.

"Of course, the woman is crazy, downright crazy," thought the inspector. Nor was he far wrong. But he had yet to learn what ghastly method there was in her madness, and there was not a man there who did not recoil in awful horror when she opened a door close to the foot of the stairs and turned the electric light upon the scene within. The chamber, thus revealed, was narrow and long, and it had evidently been originally intended for an ordinary cellar, until devilish ingenuity suggested another use for it. Round the walls were built a series of niches, nearly all of which were occupied by a recumbent figure, ivhich„ at first sight, looked as though it were carved out of marble. But an instant's reflection was enouth to

them." - This last remark was sufficient incentive to, activity, and it was with desperate haste that the men followed the Princess into a mechanical lift which promptly transported them to the room in which we once witnessed an interview between the Duke, the Prince, and the stockbroker. "Hide behind these curtains and behind that screen," said the strange conductress, "and do not disclose yourselves until the right moment. will give you the signal when the time comes.i They will not be surprised to see me here, becauao we are in the habit of communicating with each • other by means of this passage. But I must clost3 the entrance so that the newcomers will not detect anything wrong when they appear." Suiting the action to the word the Princess bent down over the opening near the fireplace, and fumbled with some levers. The listeners heard a slight crash, to which they attached small importance at the time. Then the hearth-stone was replaced in proper position, and the room presented its normal appearance again. 1 The lady's next proceeding was to remove her befeathered hat, as well as her pretty outdoor wrap, both of which she placed behind the screen beside the inspector of police. "I shall need these again, when I go back to Scotland Yard with you, she said coolly. "But at present I do .not want the Duke to see that I am not here merely on one of my usual informal visits." an:- • 9 - lector]

a the ins

-That's all right," whisperek. "She doesn't mean to bolt, anyway."' After this the time of waiting was very short, for sounds of approaching footsteps were soon heard,,, and the Princess only stopped to give one final injunction to the anxious watchers, ere She crept softly towards the door leading into the vestibule of the house. -

"Rush forward and secure your prisoners the instant I give the signal. You must not give the Duke time to hypnotise any of you, nor must yolt allow anybody to sit down on the fatal chair:"

"We are quite ready," was the ir spector'S cautious rejoinder, "and you can trust us to be prompt enough to catch the Devil himself now." 1 The inspector was quite sure of the situation, fc) the awful sight that had been witnessed below was quite enough to string the nerves of himself and his men to their utniost tension, and although he had had such practical proofs of the power of hypnotism, he was ready to defy it at this moment.; Thus, when the door behind the velvet portiere was actually opened, they were so eager that they -could hardly wait for the whole of the incoming party to be in the room before they sprang forward to seize their prey: First came the Duke; after him Mr. Rizzen-Quicke, Lord Alfred Vavasour-1 Pomeroy, and Mr. Raleigh walked forward in al curiously apathetic manner, which was amplY, corroborative of the Princess's assertion that they would be under a species of mental compulsion,! which made their actions irresponsible ancl automatic.

"Come forward, Lord . Alfred," said the Duke o coTer You tmg

I err,

These woras in ttieinseives were suinciem signal for the listeners, and, Without waiting to hear or see more, they sprang forward to prevent the Catastrophe which was imminent. Mr. Price seized lord Alfred, and dragged him as far away from the electrocutory seat as the dimensions of the room would allow, the while the inspector and one of his men attempted to arrest the Duke before he could make any effort to defend himself. But he was too quick for them. The knowledge that he had been betrayed, and that all was now over with him flashed through his mind like lightning,' and his resolve to be his. own executioner was equally swift.. Before his would-be:captors could realise what was happening, he had struck them' bpth aside, had sprung into the fatal chair, and had suffered the fate to which he had mercilessly consigned so many others. !` The Prince,' shouted Mr. Price. him escape us, t 00.7, But the warning came too late, for both the Prince and Princess had.vanished. When the latter, passed behind the portiere, immediately after the. entrance of the Duke with .his intended victims, she had intercepted her brother, had given him his cue, ' had drawn a cap on to her head, had appropriated the Duke's long travelling coat, which he had just put off; and by this time the couple were well on their way towards a retreat which afforded them a safe shdter. _ _

"Don't let

What became of them afterwards is ,not known; but they must, have had plenty of help from their minor accomplices, and they must have been very cleverly disguised to be able to elude the search which was made for them. It is hardly likely that they remained in England long. But wherever they may be they are sure to be making a perverted use of the advantages which Nature has bestowed upon them, and it is to be hoped that their oileer is near its close. When it was realised that the Princess Delilah had once more justified her name by befooling the people to whom she had confessed all her wicked- ness, the chagrin which was felt was almost enough to outbalance the triumph of discovery. But this feeling soon wore away, for, after , all, great things • had been achieved. The kidna-pping mysteries were mysteries no longer. Fresh murders had been prevented, and the ringleader of the gang was dead. A recurrence of the same sort of crime was practically impossible, for Delilah's witchery had not always been potent enough with- out the aid of the Duke's mesmeric power, and happily, he could not be replaced by another accomplice of equal ability. His death lifted the spell under which his latest subjects were labouring, and one can easily imagine the excitement which reigned when their narrow escape was explained to them.

Poor Mr. llizzen-Quicke was almost heart- broken at the confirmation of his worst ' fears respecting his son. But when he would have visited the cellar, to gaze upon his remains, the hearthstone was found to be immovable, and com- munication had afterwar::,.; to be effected throuzla

rier house. The rrinees. naci bruLeu mile machine ,I and had thus reduced the chances of being follow , .1 She and her brother had also closed the front isori cit/ of his house behind them, and as it Could only bal opened with a key of complicated workmanship,l his meant further loss of time. In short, it wadi acknowledged all round that even in her madness the Princess Delilah had proved herself to be a. more cunning individual than the authorised representatives of the law. , " I

A few years have passed since the _disappearance of the Princess Delilah, and the circumstances attending it have now become ancient history. But some of the friends whom we have met deserve e• parting word of mention. Lord Alfred and Polly are happily married, and Mr. and Mrs. Rizzen- Quicke's sorrow for their son is chastened by the knowledge that all is well with their daughter and her husband and children. . _

Lady Flora Vavasonr-PomerOy has found a. congenial helpmate, and two great friends of hers are Mr. and Mrs. Price, the latter being a lady who was formerly known as the Countess Sforza.

Neither the Countess's necklace nor Mrs. Rizzen= Quicke's star-sapphire ever reverted to their right- ful owners. But neither one nor the other lamented this fact, because they would only have served as painful reminders of the infamous career, of the Princess Delilah and her associates.

I-THE END. 1

===== 0002601_18990407_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
to be found within. But then there were no flaring gin vaults,nor hordes of male and female noodlums, dirty and blasphemous; thrift, decency, and re- straint pervaded saciety,and a wholesome reverence for one's "betters."

The pride and glory of our town, along with its eld church nod its mail coaches and the red brick houses of the gentry, was the river, the world-re- nowned Mersey. I used to watch it foaming and trembling under the bridge near which the old quay packet used to start daily for Manchester. Another great sour-ce of interest were the lock and the weir. In the seasen you could see the big salmon lespince and there I once beheld a lordly sturgeon captured. On the river wall near the bridge you would see on most fine days a row of anglers, and on the water's edge I and my eldest brother used to catch "stock- ing-needles" (small eels), now and then tumbling in and being carried away. I had once a narrow escape of being droWned under the arch of the bridge, but I soon learned to swim, seeming to take to the water from instinct. Another absorbing de- light was to watch the tMerm,-n draw in their nets, all rolling and flashing silver,loaded with sparlings. There was no end to the riverside delights of Old Warrington sixty-five years ego ! What a place it was for boya ! I used to go to school to EEPep me out of danger, but they gave me very few lessons; the three Ws being the limit, of instruction. The river and the fields were my school, and the summer skies, then undimmed by the hideous smoke voided from the hundred chim- neys of the Warrington of to-day. Great was our excitement when the river was in flood after long rains in the Cheshire and Derbyshire hills. It swept down with resistless force from Wilderspool, past Runcorn, Hale,. and Frodsham, turning Arnley meadows and the salt marshes into a vast lake. The sea-gulls came up in thousands and whitened the muddy shores, rising in clouris when a gun was fired. It was great excitement to punt about in this vast lake, and rather dangerous, but my uncles were the boatmen, and knew how to avoid the sunk stakes and submerged hedgerows. Being only a few years older than myself we were like playmates. We did not reach home till dusk, muddy, wet, happy,and hungrye=nd how sweet was our sleep after a supper of buttermilk and porridge, under the roof of our childhood. . An avenue of noble elms then shaded the way to Arnley meadows. They have been long since poisoned by the fumes of chemical works, and only one or two skeleton trunks remain. There I used to wander for hours, losing myslf among fields of wheat and barley, and now and then coming upon a hidden pool overhung by alder trees and willows where our nurse-girl told me dwelt a certain Jenny Greenteeth who would seize me by the hair and drag me down if I went there in the dusk. And these fair scenes have been defaced cr blotted out altogether, and it le many decades since the salmon ceased to ascend the river and the fishermen ta ply their nets.

But I have wandered far from the theme with which I began these scribblings, and must hark back to the subject with which I started. My maternal grandfather, Peter Phillips, Wesleyan preacher and cabinetmaker, was a man of marked originality. According to his views of religion o man should, like St. Paul, work for his bread during the day and preach the gospel without fee. Acting on. these principles he never "got on '' in a worldly point of view while his brother John rose to high esteem as a paid minister, and even counted a provincial mayor among hiiuff- spring. A portrait of my grandfather, made by me, is still extant. He was a sturdy man of patriarchal aspect, serious of speech, grave-eyed, and wore a suit of Quaker garb, an ample-skirted coat, white kerchief, knee-breeches, and blue knitted stockings, with low shoes. He was widely known among the primitive Methodists and laboured hard every Sabbath, and, in spare hour., among the weavers and the colliers arid in the rural district that lay for twenty miles round Warrington. He walked many thousand miles in the course of his long life, and was highly esteemed and sought out in his humble dwelling by such men as Adam Clarke, Lorenzo Dow, and Wilson Mackay. He had built himself a workshop not far from the Red Lion, and it was my delight to go up into the loft and watch the various processes going on. I remember well the pic7ure..que

===== 0002601_18990407_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANCHARD'S FEMALE F;LLS

NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledged to be tile only genuine remedy for Correcting. IRREGULARITIES 81, OBSTRUCTIONS Tlievare certain to cure the most obstinate c,se,a,nd bring about all that is desired atter all else fails. Thoushads of Testimonials. In boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d.; strong. 4s. 6d:, From all Chemists or sent free from observation by post from P. BLANCHAR D, Forest ltd., Daistoll., London.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

PRINCESS DELILAH.

By MRS. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "When the Sea Gives up its Dead,') "The Prince Physician," "The Vindicatiort of Olive Trevethick," "The Star of Yukon,' "The Adventures of an Ugly Girl," "Deb 06, MaHy's," "A Fair Blockade Runner," &c.

CHAPTER XXV.

DELIL AM ' S CONFESSION.

The Princess Delilah's serving woman was greatly distressed at the turn affairs were taking, and she implored her mistress to consider what she was •-,njna,

will ruin us all, madame," she said, "if you communicate with the police."

"It will not ruin you or anyone whom I have employed," was the firm reply, "for, in view of a possible collapse of our plans, I have provided for you all. In the top drawer of my secretaire you will find envelopes, addressed to yourself and the others. Keep your own, and give the rest to the people for whom they are intended. You will all find yourselves well-to-do, and you had better go back to your own country, to spend the rest of your days there. Mr. Price, I want you to go to Scotland Yard with me. Will you secure a hansom while I get myself ready to go out? Serano, give me the hat which came home yesterday—the one with the white plumes. And I will wear the white serge costume." "There is an instance of the ruling passion for you," thought Mr. Price. "'The woman is mad, that's certain, and she talks like a tragedy queen. Yet she bestows careful thought upon the costume in which she is to pose before the authorities of Scotland Yard! I wonder if it is true that she knows everything about the people she mentioned. She promises to let me see all that is left of them; and yet almost in the same breath she tells me that there is life to save. I cannot make head or tail of it. But I will keep the Princess Delilah in sight until the police know a trifle more than they do now.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
circumstance was a lesson to me, and I nave banished flowers from my rooms ever since.

—"The star-sapphire, which I boldly wore at opera, had not been bought by me, as I asserted, but was actually the same stone which its real owner, Mrs. Rizzen-Quicke, believed to be reposing safely in its case. It was brought to me by Mr. Edward Rizzen-Quicke. He was a silly boy enough; but he must not be blamed for the theft, for he was labouring under mental compulsion. "The Duke of Hapsburg Solltesein is a hypnotist, and by means of psychological suggestion, he compels people to obey his wishes, even to the extent of going to their bank and withdrawing large sums of money in gold. In all cases where this manceuvre has been successful, the fate of the subject has been sealed; and our arrangements have always been so cunningly made that nobody connected the dis- appearances with us until Lord Alfred Vavasour- Pomeroy got on our track. He and Edward Rizzen-Quicke's father came to consult Madame Celia, bringing with them certain articles which Droved that the officious young lord was working in the right direction. I was staggered for a moment when I saw these articles, for they were very incriminatory; and if the blotting - paper had revealed every word that was written in the note, it would certainly have given an infallible clue to the whereabouts of the star-sapphire. As nearly as I can recollect, the note ran thus: "Dearest Delilah, —Your commands shall be obeyed. I long to prove my devotion to the Goddess of Beauty. You shall have the star- sapphire, and I rely upon your promises.—Your devoted TEDDY. .

===== 0002601_18990407_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Convince ine norrinea uenoiaers tnaL they were gazing upon corpses, not upon carven marble. "These, gentlemen, are the proofs of what I and my colleagues can do," resumed the Princess noting with a weird kind of satisfaction the petrifying effect which the sight of the wax-like bodies had upon the people to whom she spoke. "We used our subjects until they had served our purpose, but, as you see, there is nothing revolting about our manner of treatment. They did not suffer a moment, and after death they were pre- served from decay by a method which is my brother's invention, and of which he is very proud. I dare- say you are wondering how it is that none of the bodies bear traces of violence. It is easily explained. In a room to which I will conduct you presently, there is a certain chair, in which our intended victims are induced to seat them- selves at the will of the Duke of HapsburgSolltesein. He has made animal magnetism du, special study of his life, even as electricity is the chosen science of my brother. The one hypnotises superfluous persons and suggests that they seat themselves in the fatal chair, which is, in reality, a clever electrical apparatus, of which my brother is the inventor. At the right moment the electric current is turned on, and in a second the occupant of the chair is dead. Then a portion of the carpet is raised, the hearthstone is made to revolve on pivots, and the body is lowered into the cellar. Then it is laid on one of these slabs, and receives subcutaneous injections of a fluid which has the property of turning flesh into the semblance of marble. Decomposition is rendered impossible, and the body gradually hardens into perfect rigidity without losing any of the physical peculiarities which characterised it during life. That lam not making an undue boast of our powers must be quite evident to you. I fascinated most of our victims, the Duke hypnotised them, the Prince turned them into statues, and we all plundered them. There you have the case in a nutshell. If the Duke had not played me false, no doubt there would have been a good many more 'mysterious disappearances.' But he little knew whom or what he was slighting, and our triple partnership is at an end." While the Princess had been speaking, Mr. Price and the Officials had overcome their first horror, and had assured themselves of the identity of several of the rigid figures which lay upon tho slabs. Recognition was rife amongst them. Then* were eight bodies altogether, among them being John Mills, Teddy Rizzen-Quicke, and Samuel Mosenthal. Some of the others were recognised by the police. But as they had no special bearing upon the development of this story, it is not neces- sary to enumerate them by name. I On touching the face or hands of any one of them, the sensation imparted was precisely as if cold stone or marble had been touched, and it struck Mr. Price that an invention which could permanently arrest decay would prove an enormous boon to the world, if it could be rightly used by, the right people. ; "H's't I " said the Princess suddenly. "I believe, 4the others are returning! Let us enter the room above before they do, or we shall be too late to save the people whom they expected to bring with them. Some of you will be sure to recognise

===== 0002601_18990407_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
, DIAMOND DYES , •,....4, .4 ..,,....TY...M. /.. ... I X 4.X =Mint= i d Can't Be ) , ( ...a._ 1 , Washed Out i I, {=EMSUILZ=a7,IS7.m...-

With soapsuds!'

7/, ~,,...-',-,...:. .... ~ _ , , 7 ,\ v 0 1 4 0 4 o 4 47 4 0 4 e----- , :. ~ , 0 0 ' • it,—. 1 `:•.:4 4' . p 4 0 4. 0 4 4 4 „",, ~ ~ ortvt e: 4'. 00. k. , - -c,...;- ~. , - ' ;Or l'i ' . , ''.- • , „....... , . v ;,..- l /• ' •,,"', c ' I ifi 4 , Um= U t <.... 1 C!„ C C i ' _ L 0 liWitiVill PI , 0 ,c,/'.' 4 , 0 7.1 -,-* R ,f, ' , ...; ' " ...,',.t '" `-' • 0 I , t. _ ...itY ! - de • lel 4 , 4 0 4 0 4- - 0 4: 0:.4.. ~ • .4,.. 0 .4 0 4 _ o A \ .-4-, / • N N. 1

===== 0002601_18990407_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Oh dear I've gone and mai 'olly's dress black with Diamon Dye Fast Black and it won't wash out."

===== 0002601_18990407_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
m

===== 0002601_18990407_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
M

===== 0002601_18990407_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Sena to . . • E Fir Iltuctratod Peke List of 9 gi rp, ; rf, U Fri isl , ~,... 4,,,,,„ Jll i:ii .I.'A i WAY' ';','*r,,V,l•7•rvir, ,tI,,S , • 7 -t, 1,0,7,719,1,47,,,W7,-

ir) ANOS. PIANO 3.

PIANOS.

Direct from the Works of the eminent firm of

E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED.

Sent on n.rprovAl to intending cash purchasers to anjr addrcbs fa the United Kingdom, on receipt of satisfaetorf

ref eiencu.

We are the pioneers of high-class phnos. AT LBSS THAN 'SUAL PRICE,

A Piano for £l5 usually sold C 35 n 1U S. reiail ‘..1 GUINEAS UPRIGHT IRON GRAND FOR E 36

Cash. 20 YEMIS WAR RA.NTY given with 13A711 INSMU6IIINT. Such value never before offered to the Public.

Testimonial. from all pets. Over 47,9C0 ot our Pianos no in use. Write for List and Drawings.

E. BIS/10P AND SONS, LIMITS',

ESTABLISHED 1862. Head Office and Workti:,,,..r BEL ‘'..ONT TRT, CHALK FARM, LONDON 11:w West End Show Roome-19, Biker-street London, Vir• ranch Show itooms-287, Gray's Inn-road, King's-Cro' t.

HALF THE IL. _ - .

===== 0002601_18990407_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- • '

• "1%.;,•

===== 0002601_18990407_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- : ~„, • , 2 trir

===== 0002601_18990407_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
[WHITEj. White to move and win.

SOLVERS' LIST.

Previous Problem Total score. No 26. Pts. .42 2 . 44 .40 2 42 .37 2 39 .35 2 37 .32 2 34 .26 2 28 .24 2 26 .18 2 20 .14 2 16 .14 - 14 12 - 12 12 - 12 10 - 10 10 8

• Albinson, Stockton Heath.... J Green, Warrington ....—.— E J P," Warrington C P," Warrington P Wright. Warrington .......... A Hall, Warrington Tavlin, Warrin Lee, Warrington.......... Nir Hewitt, T Barnes,Sankey Bridges- Plineton, Warrington ....—.. -4W Plinston,Warrington a R." Padgate. P Forbes, Warrington :EDonaghy, Pad gate . . Powell, Warrington Ogden, Warrington It Mercer. Padgate ........ Ross, ...... R Grieve Warrington E Kean.Nirarrington .11 Lowe, Warrington... .

We have to announce that the winner of our No Competition is Mr. S. Albinson, Myers View.Fair- leld-road, Stockton Heath, to whom a Postal Order for ss. has been forwarded.

NEWS OF THE GAME. THE INTERNATIONAL MATCH. ENGLAND v. SCOTLAND. VICTORY OF SCOTLAND.

This important matct:liegt;ri-n.ii—jat—u-rday last, at the City Hall, Glasgow, before a large attendance of spectators, and concluded on Tuesday in favour of Scotland by a majority of 17 games:—

SCORE OF THE FIRST DAY'S PLAY. 'Wins. SCoTL.ilin. Draws. ENGLAND. Wins. 1 H HenderEou 1 G Buchanan 1 J Searight . 1 A Hynd 2 a H Freedman 1- F Brown 2 JA Hear 0 2_ W K Campbell u, W Campbell 4 . J Ferrie 1 K Currie 1‘ A B Scott 4 J Birkenshaw 1 2 G At Bonar 2 W J Wray 2 2 A E Atersby 3 W Ffalliwell 1 li Stewart 2 L Benson 1 It Holmes 2 H Jacob 3

32 13 SECOND DAY'S PLAY. 'Wins. SCOTLAND. Draws. ENGLAND. Wins. 0 R Stewart 1 J Searight 1 w K Campbell 1 F Brown 5 A Hynd .. Al 3 Scott 2 A Cain 2 4 N Cu-re 4c A Battersby 4 J Birkenshaw .. .1-, G Buchanan 2 W Gardner 1 u.., H Henderson 4 W Campbell 2 W HAliwell ~ H Fret Iman .7 R Holmes 0 J A Kear o e; G M Bonar u J Ferrie 1 B Brown 0 21 42 10

THIRD DAT'S PLAY. %us. F. CoTLAND. Draws. HNOLAND. Wins. 1 A Battersby 2 R Atwell 0 0 j Ferrie 0 N Currie 0 G 111 Bonar 9 W K Campbell i W Campbell 2 F Dunne... 0 O .., R Stewart 2 W Gardner 0 u.„ H Henderson 4 W Hailwell 0 ;1: H Freedman R Holmes 2 J Hl nd 3 Scaright 2 H Jacob ,‘.; G Buchanan 1 A Jordan Y, A B Sco,t 2 J A Kear 0 u F Brown _ —_

3 32 2 Total score :—Scotland 42 wins, England 25 w:ns, drawn Vkraes 116.

--- The small dirtlram wil rirriarligllll enable our readers to 4,4 , b dmr no r, ay. t t understand the notation by #A, =aim 0A which he moves of he game are recorded. Black il . ‘ Fglimixtira , c upies the squares num- apteigir, iffilro .50:, bered Ito 12 and white 11 -, Y' 0.411611'..;4111M , , those numbered 21 to 32. .:' Affirm , Q PZ IQ tM The figures thus (11-15) v-‘wro, ow, - r 4 indicate that a move is %:704111p,lipar made from and to the 9 41 /'A,-;. ,ff•A `'o/1* ', ' :quareo so nurnber:d.Black %-'llllr/IjirejElp, 28 has the opening move and t-, /i 4 .1 0.4 the pairs of figures apply 1.,, 30 ;4431r, 32 ja alternately to Black and '''''/'

FOREIGN 31ISSIONARY MEETING AT BOLD-STREET.

:the annual Foreign Ksvionary Meeting was held in lue Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Frid sy evening. Mr. ..alries Dodds presided, and there were also present i— •tte Vs. F. W. Amber; Smith (deputation), 11. G. Roberts, Harbottle, and W. Potts. There was a good Eendance Roberts submitted . Rev. H. C. ,T Re b‘Qe annunl report of the Missionary Society managed the English Conference in London and ituich is as follows :—" Never before were 40 signs of the growth of the Church so manifest 13,they are to-day. It is impossible to take a general turnan forms of Government are destroyed among ti 8 heathen trihes of the interior, and military expedi- -1;°115, although far horn being Evangelistic agencies, 4ePare the way for the gospel. We hope that the old- ding j'alousies and recent sores in South Africa may cured by a policy at once sober and magnanimous, t-Vl.l above all things, transparently honeit. The finan- tital uutio/It is bEtter than ever, there being an increase I. £2,500. On every side there is a growing Ose of Imperial obligation. The ambitions of the 1,41 v are for empire and conquest. There are those who that these ambitions may become our destruction. problem which faces us is this : How may the love b`..c;tnpire be transformed from a selfish ambition into a geful and blessed one? There is one answer which sto promise a solution and it is this : To turn the a:4oition for empire into ambition to in an empire for tosdalls Christ. The only an-idote is to get the Christian thnception of the world implanted into the mind of 14,,e, People. The income of the Warrington Circuit year amounted to £228. To assist in this work is !Ice a dictate of true ratrintism and an imperative 'llstian obligation." Rev. F. W. ADIBREY-SMITII, lately returned from cutta (India) spoke in an interesting manner on his wcisth in hula. tcpther addresses were delivered and at the close a col ‘lcti was taken on behslf of the Society. 17,1'11‘11M1 CATHAP-TICUM PILL'S digestive, correc- .ancl agreeably aperient, 91.1„ 1.31-I.—Of all

===== 0002601_18990407_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE, If we have a mild early spring, as prophesied, small collet additions for the ahoulders will be generally worn, a cloth collet, trimmed fur, which, made to match a gown, would be most useful. If made in black or green velvet, with fur borders, iji could be worn over any gown. Over a pleated ilkirt of pink crepe de chine is worn a narrowly- arranged tunic, with long graduated points em- broidered with roses of different shades. The bodice, draped transversely, fastens at the side with an embroidered band, and is cut in a square and is sleeveless. Round the shoulders is grace- fully draped a sash trimming of gaze de soie. An- other gown of saffron Liberty satin is cut in Prin- cess shape. Applications of lace wave round the skirt, which is long and sinuous; these are repro.

, duced on the close-fltting bodice round the tidcol- 16tage and among the draped gauze encircling the throat. Perhaps you have noticed that we are running into extremes in sleeves, Once they were too large now they are the opposite. They are put in very high in the armhole, and fall well over the hand. In evening gowns they become small by degrees and beautifully less. Very becoming are the epaulettes of rose leaves, dyed to match the colour of the dress, which taper to a point in the centre, where they widen considerably ; they have to do full duty ; no tulle nor lace accompanies them, but occasionally, while they cover the top of the shoulder, crossing ribbons, covered with small flowers and a gossamer puffing, surround the arm below. It requires a good deal of adjustment to get the collar band high enough and not too high, and it should be higher under the ears than elsewhere, forming an acute point. Then the jacket should open sufficiently at the neck, when the weather permits, for a pretty becoming portion of the vest to be seen, and the dainty gossamer bow.

There are some very fine new fashions coming into vogue just now, especially coat and skirt costumes, which are very pronounced features in spring fashions, and I saw a novel and attrac- tive design one day which was a pearl-grey poplin, the skirt having a band of ivory cloth at the hem, giving the effect of a double skirt. The coat, with fitting back had strapped and stitched seams, and the loose open fronts, with the revers, faced with ivory satin overlaid with cream Irish guipure. Under this is waistcoat and crossed fronts of pale Parma mauve brocade, and plain vest of ivory satin and guipure. Among the coat and skirt costumes E.re some with the new habit backs and short fronts, which &re exceedingly becoming, and have a very smart appearance. One, a very pale beaver-coloured box cloth, is trimmed with silk braid both on the skirt and coat, and the sleeves are scalloped at the wrist and braided round the edges. The coat is lined with pale green glace silk, and is in every respect a very stylish garment.

An exceptionally good bargain will be found in a costume of Venetian, trimmed with silk braiding on the coat and skirt, and with striped satin linings to thc coat. _

Avery pretty costume for young ladies is one of fawn Venetian cloth, with a sacgue back and stitched edges. The coat is Lind through with shot glae6 silk, and the skirt is mounted at the back in the fashionable flat pleats, with little buttons on either side. For a child of ten this is a smart little costume. _ . _ _ _ _

A very simple morning blouse is the tucked shirt or blouse which will still remain fashionable, and many of these are so elaborated with grouped tucks, insertions, and stitched bands that they become positively costly, and quite unnecessarily smart. Where tucks are run on the straight they are comparatively easy to make, and the amateur will have no difficulty in doing so. Your 'lying JENNIE.

4; f"•j , 0 - ';''• 4 ,-7. h . ii"rr \ C. fi: 'i,'• 7K, ~,,------- • 7,41...„1.111 • 1,.,,,. I,fir„:--,AC.' ~,,.\"r•-,_ \:,..i _.-"4""' ' 4 \\,\:e''' f(l4'.', V. • /1/ , , •. , , • \

tiiN;6;TtA ....--`-.:_,..,';',...';' (/111 II ,„:,,,,, /..,,,,4(„,,,,-, ~ ,r. , fig \ vi.,01,7, 'lt 'i;,//i • wiiiif, 4 . , \

----4., /,,/,:„ ,;iiiiikk=.7. -.., ////ie , ' ,',,,i.:l;•'s!frrrg..?" '\ 1://:4;',1:'''.:: (1 •,,,t,,, • , V.i,tA',•••‘..A,. o,', /.::./::/:: ; fig:`: k ,1,4/iiii,li ~ ! ~\,:;:'4,N fyivi.'4',:/,', tLir., ;, , kii.-.t.:;',TSV,;;•‘ '‘,... iTito.\\,‘:\\V .* , ti,t, ,i',%\k\'' ---,,i',:, • ' ~; I, .:1,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

Sma".! Pill. SIT . Dose. eARTERS 13m.il Price. IA I a a LE orty in o. 47,-,A117 I i VER val. 1 S Par yVege- ' Can: Torpid Liver, klito, zzlow Comnlexion, and • Hea.clacl-1:7 • .1 ".C, •

--- - :

BENUTIFUL TEETH for au ho use daily on the tooth Lruslt a few drops of . , • sozoDoNT L

pleasar.tort denilrlcc,. .3 world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pcarl-y white nronaptlyl) teeth, rosy lips, and fragra-at breath ensm'ed. ,:zr ()DONTT.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

There is, as usual, a large gathering of the Danish Royal family at Copenharzen, in honour of the King's birthday, aud for the first time a shadow rers on toe reunion. Queen Louise, one of the two central figures in that happy group, is no longer there to welcome her children an I grandchildren beck to the old 'acme and her loss must have been especially keenly felt during the past wePk or two. The town residence of the Danish Royal Family is in the lams square of Copenhagen known as the Arnaben- borg. 'The summer residences are Reseaberg Castle, where the Crown jewels are kept, Frederikseorg Castle situated meat beautifully on an islane in the centre of , a large lake, and the Chateau of Berustorff where the Princess of Wales, the Dowager Empress of Russia, th King of Greece, the Crown Prince of Denmark and toe Duchess of Cueseerland spent their childi.h days. The Amabenborg Palace is most sumptuously fureished. and I moreover a veritable picture gallery of contemporary' royalties. Charlottenlund Castle, the summer residence of the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Denmark is about two miles distant from Berustorff. It is a charming old fashioned house, strongly recalling a mediaeval French chat-eau. The Princess is enormiusly wealthy. Her jewels are wonderful, and she enjoys the reputation of being the tallest Princess in Europe. She has four EonS arid four dauehters, one of the former,Princa Carl, being the husband of our Princess Mated of Wales. The Lady Warwick Hostel„ Reading, established for the purpose of training women in dairying, poultry- raising, bee keeping, and practical horticulture, Ncla fair to be a huge success. Altnough so recently opened as December 10:h, there are but a few vacancies, and with the full complement of twenty-seven students, no endowment will be necessary. The course of training extends over two years, though arrangements can be made for short courses on special s 'ejects. The inclu- sive fees am6unt to from £5O to £6O a year, while the higher tees of £BO to £l2O, procure the advantage of a "study bedroom." As to the prospects open to students On Paving, it has been demonstratei that a moderate livelihood can be made in the lighter branches of agri- culture, while our foreign trade proves that the demand for the class of goods it is proposed to produce far out- runs the home supply. Tnere is also an increasing in- quiry for women managers for large dairies, awl for thoroughly competent lecturers and demonstrators. It has been estimated that in 1897, eggs to the value of £812,297 and poultry to the value of £lB6 825, were imported from Russia alone. And the Rus,ien contri- bution to the British market is really incon- siderable in comparison with those of France and Denmark, making it the more inconceiv- able that we do not turn our attention to wards supplyinge the enormous demand by home pro- duction. Some of the Russian produce is brought 800 to 1,000 miles frem the interior to the Baltic seaboard. and has to undergo a further sea journey of seven or eight days before the British market is reached. More- over Russian eggs are, even in their pristine freshness, much smaller and inferior in quality to the home pro- duced article and it is obvious this long journey by rail and sea must make the inferiority all the more pro- nounced.

One of the oldest and most universal of all Easter customs, is that associated with Easter eggs. It was in the first instance derived from the heathen spring festi- val, when eggs were given typifying the revivification of nature. Originally the eggs appear to have been taken on the morning of Easter to the priest, who blessed them, they were then carried home, and either par- taken of at a special meal, or given to relations and friends. Among members of the Greek church, the cus- tom retains its religious significance, aud is observed with much ceremony. A crop of spring novelties are now with us, hut the wise will refrain from making any important purchases until spring is a little more advanced, for to buy a new coat or gown in April, with a view to wearing it through the season, and t 3 find in May that it is a style rejected by the best dressed, is to court discontent and consequent financial embarrassment. Things Irish are still to the fora—lrish frieze enjoys immense vogue for tailor mades, and Irish lace is very fashionable for trimming dresses. Scotch tweeds too, abound and prove eelightful wear at this especially treacherous season of the year. Few people seem to be aware chat some of the most beautiful upholstering silks in the world are made in England. And the cost is not so great as would be that of foreign silks of the same sort, most of which Come to the British market heavily weighted with no less sub- stantial a material than tin. The manufacture of English silks has had its decadent period, but it is now enjoying an agreeable and prosperous renaissance, which our countrywomen might lift to the height of a glorious triumph if they would, and without suffering, but rather benefitting in purse and person. The most up-to-date mackintosh is the long coat shape double breasted, and fastening with huge pearl buttons, the fullness at the back setting neatly unaer the pointed yoke. Other designs show the plain" sac back," or the fullness confined at the waist by a stitched strap. There are two kinds of sleeves, the plain" coat." and the one commonly described as the "bishop." The latter is really the most comfortable. If short ccats are pre- ferred, there are those dainty little garments, reaching just below the hips, piped with silk in some contrasting colour, with collar facings to match. The most popular hose supporter fastens round the waiac with a satin band that is narrow in the front and back, but comes down well over the hips. One piece of narrow silk elastic is met half way down by two others, and at the end of each are rubber buttons and metal clamps to catch the hosiery. The rubber buttons have many advantages over the old fashioned metal ones that have been in use for years. In the first place the rounded rib on the holding edges of the metal loop, and the robber button prevents all possibility of wear on the stocking by chafing, and the rubber button is rigid enough to hold its position, and still elastic enough to adjust itself automatically to the finest lisle thread or silk stocking as well as to the heavier cotton or woolen hose.

OMELET SOUFFLE.—Take four eggs, four ounces of sugar, the grated rind of half a lemon, and two ounces of butter. Separate the yolks from the whites, beat the former, add to them the sugar and letton rind. Whisk the whites well, and beat in. Melt the butter in a small frying pan, pour in the mixture, and stir over a clear fire until the omelet sets. Turn on to a hot dish, fold in two, and serve immediately. It should rise very much, and be served very quickly before It can go down. " MADGE."

,•;^i ,-.- IIIIIuIItIIIIIIulIlIulIIIIII!IIIIIIIlIllIIIIIlcIIuIlIIIrrIIIIIIIrIuuIIuIIiIIIiiigriii The 'ettiest Child

; Cannot be kepi so unless in perfect health. :4 2 To keep a child healthy and thereby E happy, it does not need the strong medi- 2 cines commonly given (any more than E E. strong food)—they are a mistake. Nature 7 has supplied a gentle remedy in E. E • i Califorma 2 ; _ ;.-

Syrup of F° .7!

. _ .. an ideal medicine for children—pleasant i Fri as figs and sugar are, and invariably E :i 2 successful in removing trouble withgut .7. creating it. It ministers exactly to all ...E_.' complaints of the stomach, liver, kidneys . . T.' l and bowes—only, however, if it is the . -2 T..' genuine—CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS. F. . ..i. Imitations of it are as hurtful to ;-'-. children as adulterated food. = :-. E. ii The genuine bears the name and trade mark of E --7: THE CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO, 2 • a = 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.C. 1-- i.r: a

17:1- Of Chemists, IA & z/9; or post free from Depot. .7. 74itinsmilimoniivimenutilinclimmiiiiiiiiIIIIIIimiiiiitiumetitiviiiitilii.:.'

ENVELOPES 2s. P R 11000.

JOHN WALKER AITD CO., ARTISTIC PRIN'PERS

EX MINER OFFICE, WA r2TtINGTON,

THE 1-41XAM1'TEE, FM DAY APRIL 7, 1899. TIE ha dr 31. T. IO Als PATEL HALL. Encouraged by his suceess last year Mr. W. J. Hooper has again ventured to hold a second trades' and industrial exhibition in Parr Hall. The opening ceremony was performed on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a goo 1 number of visitors. Some fifty exhibits have been crowded within the spacious area °lithe hall,hut they can hardly be said to adequa- tely represent the industrial resources of the town. Very few trades are to be seen at work and some of the chief industries are entirely unrepresented. But notwithstanding these drawbacks, which are to some extent accounted for by the lack of space. an interesting exhibition has been got together,and Mr. Hooper is to be congratulated upon his enter- prise. Many of the old exhibitors are again repre- sented and several new ones are included. A num- ber of Warrington tradesmen are well to the fore and their displays give evidence of careful and painstaking work. Descriptions of the exhibits will be found appended. In addition to the exhibits, the National Ladies Orchestra discourses delightful music both afternoon and evening, and other attractions are provided in the form of the kallas- cope, mutascope, the cycloscope, the incubator, the palmist and X rays demonstrations. Mr. E. H. Mond, is the palmist, and he has had a large num- ber of clients at his stand who have had their hands " practically" explained. A centre of at- traction has been the fisn pond, described as " the latest electrical novelty." The hall is again lighted with electricity, the contract on this occasion hav- ing been let to the Warrington and District Electric Light and Power Company, Limited. Adequate arrangements have been made for the "inner man." Tea, coffee and refreshment rooms have been provided, and they are again under the direction of the representatives of the Park Bakery, Sankey-street, which it may be stated is fitted with the latest machinery and ovens for the production of bread and confectionery on the most cleans and hygienic principles, and is open to visitors to the exhibition for inspection. Being the most modern and up-to-date bakery in the district, it is well worth a visit. Mr. Horton is superintending the arrangements for the tea rooms which are taste- fully set out, and in every way suited for the pur- pose. Refreshments of a different description are to be obtained at the Exhibition bar which is under the capable management of Messrs. J. Shillcock and P. 11. Lake. During the week the attendance has been very satisfactory, and there is every likelihood of the exhibition being another financial success. THE OPEMNG CEREUONY. There was a fairly-large attendance at the opening ceremony. In the absence of the Mayor (Alderman Wright) the Rector was asked to presi le, and he was accompanied on the platform by the Rev A. N. Banerjel, cathedral missionary from Calcutta; Councillors Bennett, John Roberts, and Ellin and Mr. Andrew Rathbone. At the outset Mr. Hooper read a leler from the Mayor, who apologised for hie Inability to be present owing to his absenc3 in the north. The Mayoress had that day received the following telegram from. the Mayor: "Carlisle. To Mayoress. Give Hooper kind regards, and wish all success. Am getting better."' Pro- ceeding to refer to the exhibition, Mr. Hooper said it would be conducted on precisely the same lines as the previous one. On that occasion he promised that a cer- tain part of the proceeds should be given to the War- rington and District Nursing Association; this year he had decided that one half of the money derived from the sale of the season tickets should ba devoted to the funds of the Infirmary and Dispensary. He was pleased to state that up to the present time double the number of tickets had been sold compared with the last exhibi- tion, and he hoped to 130 able to hand .over a consider- able sum to a deserving institution to show his interest in all that took place in Warrington. (Applause.) Al- though he was not a Warringtonian he was born within 20 miles of it. He bad offered a cash prize for the best essay on" How to improve the trade of Warrington." Mr. Councillor Bennett—and he did not know anyone who took a deeper interest in the welfare of Warrington —had kindly consented to act I% adjudicator. The essay was confined to 500 words, and the winner was Mr. J. C. Harrington, in the employ of Messrs. John L. Fleming and Company, Limited, Warrington. Mr. HOOPER then read the essay, which was as fol- lows :—" In dealing with this subject it is necessary to treat it in its broader aspects : the trades of Warring- ton are so varied and multitudinous that it is impos- sible to specialize in the space at my disposal. The con- struction of docks on the Ship Canal, and the comple- tion of the East Coast Railway might materially increase the town's prosperity, but as neither of these undertak- ings are likely to be attempted for some time to come, and as it is difficult to estimate new to what extent they would benefit our industries. Id 3 not propose dealing further with them. I will now pass on to a scheme, the means of carrying out which are at hand, land which would considerably in.:mese the volume of our local trade. We have its town a Chamber of Com- inerce, through whose exertions much has already been done to promote local commercial interests ; unfortun- ately, however, the Chamber is not as representative as it might be, and as it doubtless would be if every menu- fazturer recognized its value. I should recommend that its objects should be clearly set forth, and an invitation extended to every firm in the neighbourhood to join. I need scarcely point out the immense influence which a really representative body would have; particularly would this be so in dealing with the railway companies, who would display greater eagerness in meeting them in the matter of rates, Sto., than they now do when dealing with individual firms. If the enlarged Chamber could but bring the carrying companies to a more reasonable frame of mind, it would have amply justified its existence ; for the lower the rates from Warrington the greater the advantage over competing centres of industry. The Chamber would be able to exert great influence with the local authorities to provide improved facilities for the development of trade. Two objects that might be attained—the improvement ol the river, se that it should be always navigable by vessels of 200 tons, and the construction of a public wharf —would tend materi- ally to extend the town's trade. In the development of foreign trade, the Chamber might be very useful ; it might establish an office for the translation of members' circulars, price lists, &c:, into any of the chief foreign languages, and also reduce their quotations to their metrical equivalents. English manufacturers are very conservative, and still persist in conducting their foreign business in their own way,and in their own tongue ; our consuls are continually pointing out the folly of this, as the foreigner naturally gives more heed to a missive couched in familiar terms, than he doss to one in a language with which he is only imperfectly acuainted• Hence, England often misses orders through want of a little thought and enterprise. I regret I have not space to deal with other points, or to better illustrate those named, but I trust I have shown how, with little effort, the trade of Warrington might be greatly improved. (Applause.) Mr. HOOPER, continuing his remarks, said the present exhibition gave the people of Warrington an opportunity of inspecting the manufactures of Warrington, and he appealed to the ladies, who neuld see everything neces- sary to make till home comforteble in the Warrington shops—the goods being as cheap, if not cheaper than in other towns—to spend their money in Warrington. If it was good enough for the men to earn their money in Warrington it was good enough that their wives should spend it there. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Be had offered a gold medal for the best display in the exhibi- tion irrespective of trade. There were some trades in connection with which a stall could not be m ids to look pretty, but he and others who had gone round the exhi- bition had no hesitation in deciding—although he had no wish to detract from the other stalls—that the best for decoration was that belonging to Messrs. Crosfield. The gentleman who had been in charge of the decoration of that stall was not present. His name was Mr. Heath and he congratulated the firm on having such a good representative. (Applause.) The RECTOR, in declaring the exhibition open, said there seemed to be strong and excellent reasons for the exhibition. First of all it stimulated invention. They in England were not supposed to be so inventive as their cousins across the Atlantic, still he thought they had done their share, and there were some notable inven- tions of which Englishmen deserved the credit. Secondly, the exhibition encouraged trade and also secured to them good work. He had travelled a good deal at times on the continent, and lately in foreign ' countries, and wherever he had gone he had been much struck with the excellence of English work. It might not always be so artistic, but it was always thoroughly sound and good. Further, such an exhibition facilitated business. That was a point about which Mr. Hooper thought much. The exhibits were a gathered together and ladies and gentlemen, particularly those engaged in business, could compare and judge for themsselves, so that it helped them very much in their own business. And, also the exhibition wou!d be a benefit to a local institution of great value to them all, as one half of the profits derived from the season tickets was to be devoted to the funds orthe Infirmary, and the public should ap- preciate that generosity very much. Lastly an exhibi- tion of this character provided enjoyment and amuse- ment for them all, and after such a season as Lent, through which he and others had been passing, they would all look forward with pleasure to a month of such enjoyment as they would receive hem an inspection of the exhibits. (Applause.) Councillor BENNETT proposed a vote of thanks tn the Rector, and remarked that he was always ready to assist in any good work in the town, and he was cnr- taints/ assisting in a distinctly good work in opening an industrial exhibition. When Mr. Flnoper suggested that the Rector should do so Mr. Willis demurred to some extent, and said he did Rot know whether it was quite the proper thing for a minister of religion, and that the duty °milt to devolve upon someone intimately connec- ted with commerce. He (the speaker) did not know whether commerce and religion were as closely Connec- ted as they ought to be, but,the more el- •?ly they could

associate commerce with the verities of religion,the better for religion and the better for cornmerce.The Recror had toll them in his ipeech something about our competition on the continent; the defect he had nanaea could, to some extent be got over and amended by exhibitions like the present, and it was bvident that although our manufactures could beat smile of the Continental indus- tries they were sometimes lacking from the artistic point of view. They were, however, doing their best to cultivate the artistic talent, and during the last few months they had had an interesting and successful art exhibition in Warrington, and if they could get the idea of commerce, art and religion, and make them all work together, their industrial supremacy would be assured. (Hear. hear.) Alluding t) the suggestion of Mr. Haver that a wharf should be provided on the Ship Canal, Mr. Bennett said that it had already been provided, but there were no facilities in connection with it. The tradesmen and manufacturers of Warrington up to now had not shown any great anxiety to utilise it. He theught they were making a great mistake.(Hear.hear.) Mr. RATHBONS sec )nded• the motion and -remarked that Canon Willis was extending his usefulness in corn. jog forward as he had done that afternoon and opening the exhibition.

Councillor Jowl ROBS/ITS, in supporting it thanked Mr Hooper on behalf of the Workingmen's Committee for his kindness in devoting half of the proceeds of the sale of the season tickets to the Infirmary. That insti- tution was a great boon to the town; it bad done great good, and was likely to do more good in the future. He had had some experience of it during the past 20 years, and he was pleased to know that it was well managed and that the patients were well treated. He hoped Mr. Hooper would be able to hand over A good round sum. (Hear, hear.) The motion was heartily agreed to. _ _ _ _

The RECTOR in reply, said he quite agreed with Mr. Bennett about the close connection there should be be. tween religion and business. His hesitation abut taking the chlir arose from natural diffidence—from his desire that the bast man should be present to do his utm9st for the exhibition. (tipplause.) The opening proceedings concluded by the band play- ing the National Anthem. THE EXHIBITS.

One of the largest and most comprehensive exhibits is undoubtedly that of Mr. J. S, GARLASD, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Furnishing Ironmonger, Cede Facto”. Ste. This old established firm occupies stands No 10, 11 and 12,and their exhibits have attracted much attention. The stands looked particularly pleasing, especially at night when brilliantly illuminated with the electric light. Foremost among the exhibits are noticed the world re- uownei Premier Cycles, built of their patent Helical tube which is asserted to be fifty per cent stronger than the ordinary plain tube, of which other cycles are made. Another feature of the Premier Cycle is a ball retaining cup which enables the balls and bearing cone to be re- moved from the bottom bracket or wheel hubs altogether thus obviating the annoyance of all the balls falling out, as soon as the discs are removed. The New Rapid anl Bayliss Thomas" Excelsior" Cycles are also on view, the valient feature of the New Rapid being the celebrated I rrue Tangent wheel, which is universally acknowledged ,to be the strongest and most rigid wheel made. A lead- ing line in ladies and gents machines was also shown I viz: "The Iroleshill" at ten guineas an up to date / Coventry made machine of sterling quality and finish. For a cheap and good machine we have seen no better than the "Wearwell" which was shown in both Ladies and Gents at £7 15s. Altogether some 20 machines were exhibited and those desiring a new mount cannot do better than inspect these. Turning to another portion of the stand we found com- plete outfts for Tennis, Cricket, Croquet and other out- door Bloom, all by the well known firm of Smiley and Co., London. The part of the stage was devoted en- tirely to furnishing ironmongery of every description comprising table and floor lamps, an endless variety of brass and copper goods suitable for prosents, Cutlery, Coal Vases, Jardinieres in wrought iron, brass and cop- per, curb suites in all brass, black and brass, and black and copper. A novelty in the way of cooking utinsils was the" Royal Roaster." This is principally for roast- ing meat, poultry, So., and consists of an ordinary roasting tin, with a cover on top, which shuts the joint up, as in a bax. It prevents what is being coked from getting burnt and dried up and is guaranteed to make tough meat tender, besides keeping all the goodness in the joint and impar.:- ing a better flavour to the meat. Mr. Garland's stand also extended to the stage where a large plate glass case, containing every description of silver related goods was shown; also mail carts, carpet sweepers, &a. Taking the stands as a whole the firm are to be congratulated on tne excellence of their exhibit. We should mention that the sign was one of the finest in the exhibition, be- ing composed of solid polished brass letters mounted on a dark blue ground, the whole surrounded by a gilt frame.

Messrs. W. H. & C. LAWLESS. 5, Market Place, 47 Bridge-street, and Mersey Mount Steam Works. The chief exhibit and speciality of this firm in the corridor facing the entrance to the Hall is, the manufacturing before the public of all kinds of toffees, rocks, sweets and candies, Every day from 2 o'clock to 9.30 the pro cess of boiling is continued. The five specialities of the firm are :—Exhibition Almond roffee.Echibition Cream Toffee, Exhibition Chocolate Toffee, Eshibition Cocoa Nut and Lemon Toffee, and Butter and Treacle Toffee. Over two thousand tons of Toffee of forty varieties are on sale at twopence and sixpence each. Messrs. Lawless are also showing Jams, Marmalade, Sauces and Pickles, all of which are made at their Works. Mersey Mount. In the corridor there are over 100 varieties of biscuits, including the well-known "Ice Cream Wafer." We understand that the sale of this biscuit last year was so great that samples had to be withdrawn. In the centre of the hall is being shown a large sack of Chocolates : in fact Messrs. Lawless have over 150 varieties from ld up to 5% a bex. At one portion of this stand Cadbury's Cocoa Essence is being breve], and the beverage can be tasted and sampled. The firm of W. H. and C. Lawless was established 20 years ago by Mr. William Lawless who in 1890 transferred it to his 90E and daughter, William Henry and Catherine, who now carry on the business under the present name. We understand that the manufacturing of the Jams and Marmalade receive the personal attention of Miss Lawless. whilst Mr. Law- less gives the whole of his time to the other depart- ments.

MESSRS. J. H. PARKINSON AND SON, Of Bride-street' have a stand which should be of inters at to all ctciists There are cycle accessories of every description, and some important improvements are shown. Among them is the June( gear consisting of free wheel and brake. BY the" free wheel" is meant a back svh,a-A which will run freely, independently of the pedals. With pre " Juhel gear" fitted, the rider can let the machine run freely downhill with the pedals stationary, so that they can be utilised as footrests. At the same time the slightest backward pressure on one of the pedals brings the brake into action. The latter can be applied gradually, so that accordi g to the amount of back pressure tbe machine can be retarded 0 any desired extent, and if necessary brought to a standstill. Another interesting exhibit is the bicycle chain brush, the invention of Dar. William Parkinson. The contrivance clips near to the bottom of the tube in such a position that the bristles just touch the chain as it revolves on the gear wheel, and scours it of mud and dust. It is exceedingly simple and effective and should prove a boon to all cyclists who are without gear cases. The price is one shilling, alai already 53020 thousands are in use.

THE LONGFORD WIRE, IRON AND STEEL COMPANY, LIMITED, have a very attractive display. It was na- turally to be expected that their patent cycle sullies which have become so popular with cyclists, should oc- cupy a prominent pesition. Here they are to be seen in great variety covered with brown, blac, green, and other kinds of glove leather. A single wire, of which these saddles are made (not much thicker than a cotton thread) is shown carrying the enormous dead weight of 420 lbs. Other exhibits include home trainers, Woods' patent railway carriage seats, and patent wire mat- tresses. A sample of the last named is exhibited at- tached to a bedstead 6Ft. by 3ft.. carrying the stupen- dous weight of one ton, without injury to the wire met- tress or the bedstead, which demonstrates the superior quality of the firm's mattress and seat wire. Mr. W. BOOTHROYD, of 134. Bridge-street, has a very fine stand in the crush room. His display includes E lison's talking machines, phonographs and gramo- phones from £3 101 to 30 guineas. These wonderful talking machines are now brought within the reach of everybody, and are stated to be the only machines en the market which receee,and reproduce the 17,310'1 and in- strumental music. Mr. Boothroyd has an assortment of records for all kinds of machines. 4. centre of attrac- tion is the electric piano. By placing a penny in the slot the piano is played by an ingenious inve Alen set in motion by electricity. This is a very suitable instrument for hotels, restaurants,in providine piano music without the aid of a pianist. Mr. Boothrovd is also agent for the , celebrated pianos by Collard and Collard. Messrs. THOMAS ALLEN AND Sons, an old established firm of plumbers, glaziers, and painter, whose sole place of,busines3 is now at Mersey-street, Warrington, have an interesting show and exhibit of articles in their immediate line of business. Facing the visitor is a screen decorated after the style of a drawing room'avith papered wall, picture rail and frieze surmounted by a sign paintgl on canvas with shaded border to give the ap- pearance of being framed. On this is suspended a framed picture of two different photographic views of the interior of their workshop and warehouse, situate in Wharf-street and as if on the wall are fixed a couple of gas brackets fitted for incandescent lights.Tne two wings of the stall shewdifferent designs in wall decoration and arranged here are specimens of plumbing in lead and copper. That in lead (executed by Mr. John Allen) re- presents alead soil pipe with a water closet and lavatory branched into it, properly trapped and with separate back vents, or air pipes, extended to represent their con- nection with the ventilating shaft. The work in copper (executed by Mr. Thomas Allsn) shews special work for brewing plant and also for making uo articles, such as the copper hot water towel-rail exhibited complete. Besides the above there is an exhibit of lead work, done by an apprentice, made from one piece of sheet lead which represents considerable ingenuity and ekill in bossing. There are also other exhibite connected with sanitary plumbing. The firm also shew several specialities for which they are local agents, and

Pr_ . = ~-.= . . in England . , . . E __ 4> 'N - ; , a .-':' k E ..t ~- t ---,4 E E a ;r,, , - •_-_.-,',i',i; ff,',,::.C' 1. • wi E !_. ',/.'2.?-4, a a. a a. ~. 11i- ......,,,,-r a ar-2,2"...i.,•4..{ / -6150 ,Of . Vk.,:l:-.7 • E. = 4.3„„ A I( 11 ' : •,'. 4-4. '',42,,,‘1,-.,.. ~t4.kii,'4.h-*-7.77 kl t .?-' -/:T1.,"..--',_';., , ' f. _ . E E •p \ cii,, i .:// (f. ----- = , . ..,.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
G. GRAVE

WARRANTED SEVEN YEARS.

Don't Buy This splendid timekeeper x2.14,1•nis sent on receipt of a a Pig first payment of 5/- and %, • N.F your promise tocomplete in a Poke, " purchase in nine more monthly payments. ' L SEND TO-DAY for J. G. GRAVES' Illustrated Catalogue of Watches, ry, Cutlery, Plate, &c., &c., together with :ulars of Easy Purchase System. AnErtTs * G. GRAVES, Dept.l6l Division Street, SHEFFIEL'

N.,,

in this connetion then is th 3 Rapid Cork puller fitted for convenience on to a block tin sink and examples are given of the lightening rapidity with which corks may be drawn from bottles.

Ma. ARTHUR W. BA.SE2, of the Excelsior gang' works, Winwick-road, Warrington, has a splendid case of wire gauges on view on the platf irrn of the hall. Mr. Baker has made a speciality of this line of business, and the gangee exhibited are those in use in the wire trade All his gauges from the largest to the smallest are trued up, and made correct both in size and the regular taper of the bell-mouthed nicks, after they are hardened, a fact manufacturers, drawers, and user; of wire will all appreciate, as any alteration that may have taken place in the hardening of the gauges is cor- rected b2fere going into the user's hands. He is, there- fore, able to supply quantities of gauges, in which all the nicks of the same denomination are exactly alike. Users well know the value of this, especially those who, having parchaeed a packet of gauges, whoie numbers represent there to be all alike, find that no two of them are so. His work in this direction shows him to have been most careful and painstaking in the finish of his goods. His exhibit contains imperial standard wire gauges, made in circular, double circular oblong, mei folding gauges. He has also special folding wire gauzes for rnantsfacturers' use, the nicks of which are made in alternative decimals, or one five-hundredth part of an inch between. These folding gauges, made light as pocket gauges, easily indicate no less than one- thouse.ndth part of an inch,and are excellent substitutes for and in many respects a handier toel than, the ordinary micrometer. His music wire gauges are well designed, beautifully made, and correct to sin. The same may be said of his pinion wire gauges, the marking of which is very convenient:for comparison, ac they are marked with the imperial standard numbers and their decimal equivalents in addition to the pinion wire num- bers, the decimals of which are on the back of the gauge, The whole exhibit is extremely well finished and reflects the highest credit on the maker.

WILLIAMS AND CLAY.—This well-known firm of monu- mental masons, wholesale ironmongers, of Cresiel:l- - show a beautiful and artistic collection of ma.ntel- pieces, fire grates and tiles. Prominent in their exhibits are two beautiful marble chimney pieces with brass and copper ornamented grates and tile hearths, suitable for dining and drawing rooms. They also have on view a fine collection of intnior grates,and beantiful tile pawls of very artistic design and splendid finish. We think, however, the most interesting of their exhibits is the very handsome patent Swinton cooking range which. judging from the numroul testimonials received, com- prising many p.3oplit wet; known in Warrington, appears to be everything that could 131 desired. It is claim-d for the range that it saves 50 per cent, in fuel. This range is surrounded by a very h!ghly enamellei iron clay piece, but which to all appearance cannot ho detectei from highly finished walnut, so good is the rvresenta- tion. Altogether this is one of the most interesting exhibits in the show.

S. Ff. JORDAN. —071,4 of the prettiest exhibits in the exhibition is that of Mr. S. H. Jordan. His stand.-.4hich is at the far end of the crush room, is most tastefully arranged. Engravings by all the leading artists, in- cluding Luke Fildes and Maui Good:nsn, catch t'le eye at; once. There is a variety of hand painted goods and the latest designs in mouldings. Then is also to be gen an excellent selection of high-class prints,photogr wares, water colours, oil-paintings, opals, chromes, &c In addieon eine is imprnsed by the really good work done by Mr Jordan in the way of picture frames, after seeing which one is perfectly eatisfied there is no necessity for going out of town. Mr. Jorian touches all the btanchqs of his business and his enterprise does him infinite credit.

WILLIAM WINATANLEY, R P.C., rep,istered sanitary plumber, glazier, and general decorator, has a very prac- tical exhibit, showing some of thel ttest sanitary improve- ments. A. special flushing apparatus for Water closets is shown together with Taylor's fautomatic disinfector: The object of the disinfector is to destroy bad smAls and prevent fevers. A small • dose of disinfectant is automatically administered every time flushing water is used. The bottle containing ths disin- fectant is placed neck downwards in the flushing ci.tern, and by reason of the operation of certain natural laws a teaspoonful of the fluid automatically discharged into every charge of flushing water at the time it is used. Mr. Winstanley is the fixing agent for Warrington, and the disinfectors after erectioa are visited at regular in- tervals to see that all is in perfect order. The company are willing to grant a full w-.sek's trial free of cost. Mr. Wins-anley also shows at his stand which is near the entrance a rolled edge enamAled bath, a lavatory, and other sanitary convenienc,!s. Another interesting ex- hibit is the mantlelese incandescent gas burner which enables the user to discard the troublesome and Costly mantles previously us-s,I in connection with the incan- descent light. This new invention has only been on the market for a brief period but a number have already been fixed by Mr. Winstanley. Messrs. EDDOWES AND COMPANT,LiMited,oF this town, who succeeded in gaining Vie gold medal at the Inter. national Brevrrs and Allied Trades ,Exhibition t Man- chester in 1891. for mineral waters, show samples of their various manufacturers. The firm has gaine d a good reputation for thc purity and excellence of their mineral waters.

Thomas PRINCE, of 4, Horsemarket-street, brush manufacturer and to' dealer, has an exhibition toy stall, which is sure to attract b3ys and girls if not their elders. There are pretey dolls innumeraole for the girls and horses and trains for the beys. In fact the stall contains tovs of every description and of the latest pattern. The prices are very reasenable and Mr. Prince nae found a ready Sale for them. AS a meens of calling attention to his business as a mush maaufactarer, Mr. Prince shows a Russian hog from which bristles are oh- tamed for the making of brushes. Messrs. J. CROSFIELD AND SONS have a very attractive display of their now familiar Erasmic soaps and per- fume. Tneir representative, Mr. Heath, succeeded in , gaining the prize offered by the manager for the best decorative display in the exhibition. By a tasteful arrangement of ribbons and violets a pleasing effect has been produced, and the exhibit is an example of what can be produced by an artistic hand and ere wits little material to work upon. MOMS. R. ROBERTS AND SONS, 19, Bride-street, have on view some very attraccive show CIEeS of boot; and Shoes. The firm have an establis'ne I reputation for higa- class goods, and are the sole agents in Warringten tor some of the best menufaclurers in the trade. Toe ex- hibit also includes golf boots, cycling shoes, tennis shoes and all accesiories to the boot trade. Altogether it is a most interesting stand. • " SUNRISE " PUBLISHING COMPANY.—This C ompanv'a exhibit include relics of OA Warringten, and curiosities of literature. The mementoes of the " Bluebacks "are specially interesting, in view of the recent publication by.the firm of the history of the "Warrington Volun- teers 1789-1898 " written by Walter Crompton and George Venn. No comprehensive history of the Volun- teer movement in Warrington previously existed, and the publication of the book at the present time is opportune, and in some measure, serves to commemo- rate the centenary of the movement. The mementoes of our local defenders now exhibited at tee Exhibition have Leen lent by Mr. Walter Crompton, Mr. George Vann, Dr. Adams, Lieutenant Colonel J.C. Ridgway,and Mr. T. H. Lyon. Photezrap:os are also shown illustrat- ing the saving of the Old Academy, and mumerous curi- osities of literature of great interest to all Warring-

at 1/-,

Express English Lever, in Massive Sterling Silver Case, Is the greatest triumph of the English watch trade. Guaranteed genuine British manufacture throughout.

or a "Watc before testing

2,000,000,

yes, two-mllion !people drink

BRITAIN'S BEST." Sold by 30,000 Agents

1/4;1I8, & 2/- a lb.

tonians. The contribut.irs to this part of the collection inctude Councillor B.noetr, and Mr. H. S. Page. MESSRS. W. SlitTll AND SONS —This Liverpool firm of surgical ela.Aic h.andaue makers. exhib;t elastic stock- ings, ablomitial Inec claim to be the only makers of these gods in Lancashire. The machine, which is seel at work, on which these goods are made (for thzy are not hks clothing cut ont of a sheet or roll of ma'Priall i iii prioeipls the old ,tocking frame, in- vented in 1589 by the R .v. lirtiliam Le., of Cambridge, with the ad litioo o! a small hand machine for inserting the thrrad elastic, or indiarubber. _ _

RALPH JOHNSON, of Rylands-street, has a display of hip,h-clas furniture. The quality of Mr. Jahnson's goods is SO well known, and his name has been for sl long associated wi.:ll the furnishing trade in Warrington as to requira no further comment from us. F. W. KNOWLES, cherniQt, 77, Bridg?-street, has a stand near the platf)rm which should be of interest tot all photozraphlrs• Cameras, plates, piaotographin apparatus and materials of every description are open to inspection, and as Mr. 'Coo w 1.33 is himself an enthusias- tic photographer, beginners will do well to make his acquaintance. MERSEY BEDSTEAD COMPANY, LIMITED, Hadfield Works, linutsford•road, once again pace before the Warrington public, samples of their work. The bed- ste Ids shown are elezant in design, and finished in first- - class work-nartlike style.

J. HARRIS AND SONS. , Sankey-street. This firm has for its local manager Mr. James Mayhall, and at their two stands at the exhibition some first-ciass cycles and pianos are on view. In the cycle line there are the 1893 models of Osmonds. Coventry Glorias, and Alldays rang- ing from £lO 10s. With the pianofortes a2O years' warrant' and free tunings are given. M. MASSEY, of the Markst, has a tastefully arranged tall of 11. )wers and fruit. The plants &corating the platform have also been supnliei by Mrs. Massey. MESSRS. FORSNAW AND S3NS, of Napier-street, have on exhibition in the crush room. two of their" Warring- ton gas eaginPs " These eas,ines can be seen at work and commend themselves for good and easy running withow the noise associated with many gas engines. _ _

Ma. CRABTREE, Mersey-street, Warrington, shows his R.'nal Court Cycles (Warrington make) which he states will comp ire favourably with the best Birmingham and Coventry made cycles. Ha is in possssinn of a number of local testimouials which speak highly of his machines.

A. STANWAY, 67, Buttermarke!.-stree, has a tobacco and cigar stall in the corridoz behind the orchestra. A peciality wild is S'anway's B;hr fl C. El, PIGOT, Bridge-street, has a stand containing pianos, org ins and oth,.tr musical instrainents, includinv violins,gui :ars, mandolines, banj auto•harps, and the new Tican " Aeol " harp-zither. An interesting; ex- hibit is the transposing piano which enables the per- for mer to transpose into six different keys. Mr. Pigot also showf novelties in piano covers, stools and music cabinets.

O. MOUNFIELD, opposite Parr's Bank, is again to the fore in showing the processes of hat making and urn- brella makinz. His two stands have attracted the at- tention of most visitors.

W. H. PODMORE, Ainket Nice, has a case showing his spee!ai tine Ai a, golrts ontfitt3r. the golis shown are by firit-elass mak 3r4 and his exhibit is of great in- t t) ilarnb,r9 of all athletic club 4.

MEMEL MACKIE AND CO., LIIIITgD, hive a ver attractive exhibit. Some sp9cial hues in statbnery and bolk work are shown, and a platen printing machine at work attrters much attention.

THE SHANNON. LTD.. D3ansgate. Manchester, ar3 makinza very fine show of their v trious lahour-saving devices for offic.s. This company also make a Rpeetil. feature of metal fittings of strong rooms,snd undertake the clmolete furaishing and fit:dag up of OfEC99. Tne nr3sent exhibi: is bsing work° I in conheciln with the Minchsster branch nf the company, 10, Deansgate.

E. J. SMITE. windovLblind in taufacrurer, fieckham,, L-mdon, B.E has olt view a number of blinds. Mr. Smith has male a speciality of this dipartment, and manufactures iniiids and outside blinds suitable for private residenc,s, shops, banks, offiles, villas, ware. hstis.s, hotels, publh bicldins. consPrv4nories, J. Mims & Sorrs, !f Ossory-roal. Old Km.;-road, ram- don, show a caie of mineral waters. U. ROSC)E St COMPllit, of London, hay° a very fine display of fruit wines.

BURNING ACCIDENT AT WARRINGTON. On Tuesday morning,snortly after eleven o'clock, Annie Buckley, ten years of age, residing with her parents at 1, Back nrossley-street, was taken to the Infirmary suff .ring from burns received through her clothes having caught fire at her home. Through the promptitude of a neighbour the flames were extinguished before any serious injuries had been infijcted. Atter treatment by Dr. Langdale the girl was allowed to be taken home. SPRING DRESSES'. W. T. WILLIAM 3 has just re. eetved the most approved proluetions In Gown and Cost-and-Skirt K•tterith. Trinrn itigstc.,for tba c)m'az season-74, S &NZ ,:Y-STRTET, Warrington. FIRE AT PRESTON BROOK.

Shortly afer one o'clock on Monday afternoon a fire broke out on the premises of Mr. Daniel Bee- nett, Red House Farm, Preston Brook. Under the direction of Superintendent Turner, a complement of men with one of the steam fire enginesproceeded to the scene and found four stacks of farm produce in a Dutch barn in full blaze. The stacks and berm were completely destroyed, the brigade just reach-, ing the fire in time to save the outhullainzs. The fire was discovered by one of the farm labourers. The damage is estimated at £3OO and is insured. The origin of the fire is not known. LDISIND CONIPOUND" (Trtde Mark) gives Ex- pectoration witnnit strain. 91d., 13s. Sold by Chemists only. —Advt.

Brooke, Bonds' Tea

every day During the last sevcn month. BROOK VC, BONDS have sold more tea than th,?v ever sold berore in auv other period of seven moaths throughout all their nine- and-twmnly years of trading. Theie two absolutely true facts are the best possible proof that "BROOKE, BONDS' TEA IS

131 B

J.ewelle Prari

full partil

===== 0002601_18990407_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BR3OK

LIMITED, Tea Merchants by Appointment to The People; TH E LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES :

17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & 14, LONG MI r.L 4ATC4, NIANCEEESrER.

AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
•1 , .t I I,' 11 , i

' .• I , ' 1 , • i ' 1,,,, ; • , :11 1 0 r • li S. , r 1 ( 1., I ..! - .1 . ~...i .1 11 i'r 'IC i 1 ' :4 ..., r, t .., : f - , - • w N , 17 . f ).: ~. ..,,. . i. , 1 , . i... ..r.i. i .. i; • I,P. i

1 I 1 9 ? t: 1 ' , f, ..• .4 1, .., .. . : 1 ' 11 1- - 4 k i, # 1 . ' t .1 , . , i 1 t , ' . , i--- - , "A

===== 0002601_18990407_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
P. ;: A

===== 0002601_18990407_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Z=:;Z

===== 0002601_18990407_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
int 44 erannntr " bertto

ON LA:MASHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPTPERS: Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-ChesitireExaminer, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. . THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. fr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning

enriPATD ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTmENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. SOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six

ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18990407_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel).

„ B-DARROW.—WA.NTED a SECOND-HAND BARROW.— Apply X "EXAMINER” OFFICE, Warrington. WANTED a steady MAN as roadman for Weston, near Runeorn.—Apply Mr. WILLIsm DIGGLE, surveyor.

Frodsham.

- MILK.—wanted, a Dairy of good refrigerating MILK Bto 10 dnzen ; bank reference. Apply 78 CROMWELL- ROAD, Patricroft.

MASONS. Wanted good banker masons at once,--Apply Ilicninp.ly.ors, Clerk of Works, Giggleswich School Chapel, Settle, Yorkshire.

HEHLWRIGHT.—WANTED, light and heavy work for VY g3od country shop, good wages.—Apply JAXEs rowELL, Wilkesley, Wbitchurch, Salop.

LACKS3IITHS. an APPRENTICE WANTED; Indoor Skeeing and Jobbing Character required.—Apply JAMES POWELL ; iNilkesley, Vv hi:church, Salop.

IMMINGHAM GOODS, Everything. Wholesale Book 1-/ free (Cana- ‘sser's Catalogues is). Agents wanted.— Apply HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

CHBQUERBENT SCHOOL, BOLTON.—WANTED, AS- SIsTANT-MISTRESS, at once, lower standards. Salary £so. Apply with full particulars, HEADMASTER.

• APPRENTICE.— A respectable, well-educated YOUTH required as Apprentice to the General Drapery Bust- rtess.—W HoDemnisox, LTD., Bridge-street, Warrington,

NVANTICD. by widow lady, experienced in business, SITUATION to manage branch shop, or any place of trust: references.— Address Mrs. BROWN, 29, Trent-road, Lytham.

ACTIVE MEN and WOMEN WANTED, everywhere, to earn from 53 to 258 ner week in spare time or evenings; send for p,rticulara —Box (41), Eclipse Works.B9, Aldersgate- street, London.

-- - - - -- AGENTS WANTED at once for PARNELL'S CHIMNEY CLEANER ; no sweeps or brushes required; send Bd. for Sample Cleaner and particulars of agency,'- F. PARNELL Join Co., 44, Nottingham-street, Rotherham.

INANTED. PLOUGHMAN and CARTER, experienced in all farmwork ; Protestant and sober ; £1 weekly,— Apply stating age, height, if married, SupEnixTENDENT, Farm chool, Newton-le-Willows, Lancishire.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
13ollirair gPtrnants. Srt.

WANTED, immediately, good GENERAL ; two in family £lO to £12.-46, ROCK-LANE EAST, lic.3lc Ferry, Liver- pool.

NVANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS; wages £l6; for April 17.—Mrs. ANDERTON, The Mansion House, Ormsk irk.

IyANTED, COOK-GENERAL, about 35, for small family in Alderley Edge, no washing; wages £2o.—Address SMETHURST, Ivy Cottage, Dinerth-road, Llandrillo-yn-Rhos, Colwyn Bay.

ALADY wishes to hear of a trustworthy, experienced NURSE, for baby from the month and young child, must be strong, good needlewoman, Ch.of England, and have good references. State age, wages £2o.—Mr3. CASTLE, Dar- field, Yorkshire.

-------- fiI.ARDENER, single handed.—Mr. TOMS, Head Gar- dener, Hales Hall, Market Drayton. will be plessed to recommend George Temple as above to any gentleman, married, no family.

WANTED Cook-General; wash and iron; housemaid kept.—Mrs. DARBYSEURE, Limefield, Singleton-road. Rersall, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL, one who can do plain cooking; wagea £l4 to £l6 —References, 18, Pnos- PECT-VALE. Liverpool. .

WANTED. a good PLOUGHMAN. steady: to live In; good references.—Apply, WILLIAM AsHcaoFT, Short Mutts Farm. Allerton.

WANTED, NURSE for one aby ; cook and housemaid for same lady; no washing.—Mrs. CLARK 72, Gren- ville-street. Stockport.

SERVANTS requiring good bituations.—Apply SERVANTS' SUPPLY ASSoCIATION, 1 Langdale-road, Smitndown-road, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTED at once. Cook-General and Housemaid-Nurse ; good wages. references. Apply to Mrs. HAWoRTII, Vale House. Darwen.

WANTED GENERAL. able to csok and wash ; small family; good references required.— 39, BIRKBY CRESCENT, Huddersfield.

WA.NTED, COOK-GENERAL and Housemaid-Waitress, no washing.—Apply Mrs. TEALE, Lindeley House, Swtnton, near Manchester.

Vi/ ANTED, good GENERALS, Servants. Cooks, house VT and parlour maids; also goad strong girls for laundry work ; servants fees • stamp for reply.—Mrs. SToNE, Keigh- ey-road Register Office, Colne.

WANTED. GENBRAI, about 18. clean and willing; able to wash; good home ; £l2; reference required. Rev. F. COETwrND, Tottiugton, Bury.

WANTED GOOD GENERALS. also COOK-GENERAL £16.218, £2O, to suitable persons Good homes.—Mrs COoK, Cockerhill House, Stalybridge.

• WANTED, HOUSBUAID-WAITRESS ; must be good waitress ; three in family; 2f miles from Cheater.— Apply by letter, stating age and wages required. to Mrs. rowELL. Oakbank. Mole, near Chest"

It* -

10 HIGH PARK-STREBT, LIVBRPOOL, Immedi- ately. Cook Generals, Hous exviald-Waitresses, and Girls to train in Housework, Good Situations.

WANTED Situation as UROODI-COACHMAN (Single- handed or otherwise), age 29 married, drive pair.—E. 11(3cxl4Y, Vi'ern Lodge, Northop, Flintshire.

WANTBD good GBNERA.L ; references if required ; £l3; 00 washing; Protestant.—Appll Mrs. BRADBURY, Dane Cottage. Buglawton, Congleton, Cheshire.

rir kr ANTED, a good GENERAL; able to do all duties; V V must have good references and used to children.— Apply lam JACKSON. 40, Church-street, Blackpool.

AnToD, ..- respectable General su.yva.N.T. ab utm ;vy Apply 174, UPPER BsooX•fiTkiEt, Mancliedter.

WANTgD, st steady, reliable GENBRAL SERVANT.— Apply Mrs. PERCY, 33. New Market-street, Wigan.

WANTED, a SERVANT WOMAN, for farm; able to milk.—Apply W. ELACKWELL, Wrea Green, Kirkham.

WANTED, HOUSEMAID WAITRESS, at once, for family of four ; fairly experienced ; cook-general kept; neat appearance ; age 18 to 20 ; Godley is eight miles out of Maischestsr.—Please reply, stating wage and reference, to Mrs. HENRY HIBBERT, Oakands Cottage, Godley, Cheshire

===== 0002601_18990407_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
tiuhltrationo.

EVERY MAN I:IFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility Pl/4-7 should send for a valua' 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy Slid pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. tient pealed, post free. Address— R. NORTON, 59, ht 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O Rstaclished 30 Years.

MANLY MEN.

Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness. Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thorousthly and quickly cured without STOMACH MINDIOINB or BIACTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine: I cannot find words to express how thanktul I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first. I should have saved many pounds.—G. F.M. " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F. • Book sent sealed, pest free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH: 92 and 93. Great Russell Street London. W.C. end at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

ROGUE'S kiERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua HOOFING COUGH cure without interne' medicines. HOOFING COUGH -- Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. pe r bott 1 e. Sole Wholesale Agents, BBANCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria 6treet, CROUP

London.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION!

===== 0002601_18990407_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Bointstir trbants, s?:r.

WANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy BRooK VILLA, Go/borne. WANTED, a Strong GIRL. 19.—Apply C. UTTLEy, Odd fellows Hotel, Church-street, Eccles. Manchester. WANTED. good GENERAL S .rvant ; reference re- quired.—Apply Miss BRITTON, Bryn. near Wigan.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS._ DOWDALL,

.ENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL 67, RHIGH CLASS SECOND-HA ND CARPET AND b FURNITURE DEALER.

THE CHEAPEST —and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTH RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services, Old Silver. Eleetro Plate. Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables. tze,

ANTI44.IE FiJIZNITuRE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions sly this Establishment is unsurpassed for Etyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

DR.J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNti.

THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CiILORUDYNE is r.dmitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful and valualole remedy ever dill covered.

CIILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague.

CLILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhea and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentary. CI.ILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM IN R, FRI DAY. APRIL 7, 1849.

italts bJ? tartar Ertatp.

*MO hp Vrtbatt Trtatp.

FRLIE RUBBER STAMP to Agents Selling my STAMPS. —B. G. ROBINSON, 3, Crown-street, Bolton.

Rttorko, 13u5int55e5, ea.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARR OP'S

Rpates tv Mutton.

BY MESSRy. JOHN MAINTVARING.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND Co., Horneastle.

We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne moor practice lately and look upon it at an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to ' possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

"Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOE°. DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864.

CAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS.

CAnTiort.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P.matc V7oon stated that Dr. J. Comas BRoWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 91., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "OR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CIILORODY.NE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medic% I testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, Loudon

===== 0002601_18990407_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BA.SSINETTRS HAItROP'S FOR BASbINBTTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTITS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S,

122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOI4.

FI EL DIN G'S LIMITED- LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £5 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and °THICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assnrance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/- per wk.l £lO ~ 5/- £25 „ 12/6 „ £l5 „ 7/6 ~ £3O 15/- „ Letters with a, stamp will renelve prompt attention. No fees. No fines. Office hours 9to 8. Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH,

District Agent for FIELDII4G'S LIMITED, . 11, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON!

Cortes,

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE TO' RENOWNED FOR WLE S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. &c. TOWLE'S TUHLORODYISE 14d. per Bottle, A. P. To WLE MANCIFEsTrat.

THE sad death of Mr. Thomas The Death of Mr. Ellis. Ems, Chief Whip of the Liberal party, which took place on Wednesday,creates a gap inlLiberal organi. sation most difficult at this juncture to fill. Mr. Mass was in close touch with all the developments which Liberalism has undergone since Mr. GLAD. STONE disappeared from political life. He be-, longed to the new order of things inevitably asso- ciated with that event. Succeeding 111r,Mait.roiti- BANKS, on his becoming Lord TWEEDIIIOI7TH, Mr. ELLIS entered upon a sphere of duty with which he was not unfamiliar, but which at the same time. was all the more difficult to fulfil owing to the brilliancy of his predecessor and the chaos ensuing after Mr. GLADSTONE had cast the mantle of office upon Lord ROSEBERY.It may be confessed now that in those days the Liberal party was a hard flock to manage. There was discontent in some quarters with the leader. There was veiled jealously in other quarters against the painstak- ing young Welshman whose promotion in the counsels of the party had come so rapidly. In ad-. dition there was a whole new set of political pro- blems to be faced and,if possible,to be vanquished. In the strife of life men judge men by their works end very often little charity enters into that judg- ment. Mr. Ellis did not need charity. His work spoke for itself. No politician worked harder, or under more vexatious and trying conditions, and there is unhappily but too much reason for be- lieving that during :the trials of those .lays were sown the seeds of his early death. Yet before he died Mr. &Lis achieved a popularity in all parts of the House of Commons which is vouchsafed only to few men. His recipe was a simple one—tact- fulness, cosmopolitan sympathy, and that kind of genius which CARLYLE described as an, 'infinite capacity for taking pains. The late. WHIP took pains with everything he laid his hand to, whether it was an important Parliamen- tary division, a political dinner, or a recreative cycling tour, and his reward was political Success and personal popularity, the former not always complete, but "such success as men may come at by great pains." As we have already said, Mr. ELLis will be sadly missed by the Liberal party in the House of Commons. We are passing through a period of transition; the ship is sailing amidst a breeziness in the party ocean which would not call for uneasiness were there not signs that the breeziness may give place to a dangerous gale. At such moments the loss of one cf the chief mates is a serious matter for the most seaworthy vessel. Happily, in the Liberal ship there are several able seamen who are personally qualified for elevation even though they have not yat secured the techni- cal hall-mark of official approval. These matters can, however, rest awhile. For the moment the entire thoughts of Liberal members will turn with sympathy to the bereaved widow, and will sorrow-, fully reflect upon the great loss which she and chey have mutually sustained.

THE modest programme of the Twenty-five Independent Labour party is sure Seats.

to be commented upon with good humour. For a party with such exalted notions and such a leader as Mr. KIER HARDIE. and such a record in contests already fought, to be content with twenty-five contests at the next Genera! Election will be regarded as an evidence of temper- ate counsels and shrewd observation. We might have expected a much more extensive scheme, dad signed to striketerror into the kearts of all parties. We are thankful to have escaped so lightly, in the mercy of Mr. Hirdie and his doughty followers. They have been sufficiently prudent to abstain from by-election contests, because some previous affairs of this kind were costly, and they are con' centrating their strength and their resources upoli

===== 0002601_18990407_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
liventy-five seats, not yet located. Some more merciful members wished to defer the numerical resolve until the election was somewhat nearer, but they were beaten by nine votes, and so it is on record that by a majority of nine the party is com- mitted to twenty-five seats. Perhaps, if anyone had asked whether there was any chance of returning twenty-five members, he would have been treated aS a man of little faith, and promptly voted down. still, the question will be asked, along with some Others. If there is no prospect of returning twenty-five members for twenty-five seats to be contested, and the fun of the contests is the main thing to be desired, the csntraction of the game to twenty-five places seems i ather questionable policy. It might just as well have been one hundred and twenty-five. There would have been more money to find,but there would have been more fun for the expenditure. The men who want " sport" for their money usually distribute their bet3,and they find it delightful to watch the progress of events. The Independent Labour party is quite a gaming body. It delights in sport, in running candidates Who have no more chance than have some of the sPider-legged creatures upon whom lovers of great odds often put their money, in expectation of the miraculous. The joy of betting must very much resemble the fun of putting faith in candidates who never get a look-in. The province of sport in this --country is always growing; and now it has passed into politics we can but look on and wonder. It IS highly probable that of the twenty-fire candi- dates run for the twenty-five, as yet, unselected ~eats, not one will be returned. Apparently this Ls a small matter. There is flue sport in running them. Perhaps, on the whole, it is better that workingmen should put money on candidates than put it on horses. Personally, we regard it as a much higher form of sport, because a human be- ing is higher than a horse. Under these circum- stances, so restricted a racing card as twenty-five events seems but a poor show for a General Elec- tion. It almost looks as if there were some de- cline in the racing instincts of our advanced poli- ticians. Be that as it may, some good fun may be got out of twenty-five contests, and we may look forward to them with exhilarated feelings.

The • Sunday newspaper appears likely to materialise very shortly. Two big London dailies have expressed their intention of including the Sabbath among their publishing days. One is taking this step as an enterprise with the pre- Burnable aim of making an additional profit, and .the other is following suit solely in rivalry. This Innovation is a national affair, and not one Merely concerning the proprietors of the two Papers. It affects the whole populace of the country, and it threatens the sanctity of the Sabbath and the sacredness of the seventh day's rest. We must say at once that we emphatically disapprove of the idea. In the first place there is no need for the Sunday daily newspaper. ilusiness men in the quietude of their homes do not wish to have the world's worldliness thrust upon them on Sunday. It confronts them six days in the week, and is by no means desired on the SPenth. What the other half of the world is doing does not so immediately concern this half that it needs know all about it before Monday morning. Of Course there are now, and have been for years, newspapers published on Sunday, but these appeal o.nly to a certain section of the public and are of little importance compared with the possibilities and probabilities depending on the action of the London dailies referred to. There is every reason to believe that once the Sunday newspaper is started it will become an established fact all over the country. Competition will render this inevitable, and when it takes place the English Sunday will be of comparatively little use or value as a day of rest. Sunday labour will be entailed upon thousands of people—journalists, printers, com- positors, publishers, newsagents, newsboys, and many others who are affected by the ramifications and Influence of the great "fourth estate." As a Christian people we try to "keep the Sabbath lioly," but it will be practically impossible for us to obey this divine behest if newspapers are to flood the cities, towns, and villages every Lord's Day. The proposal will have to be generally dis- c.ountenanced and strenuously resisted if the Eng- lish Sunday is to maintain its unique character as a day of rest.

IVIr. H. W. Wilson is one of the sanest of our naval experts, otherwise his paper in the " Nine- teenth Century" this month could be passed over Without attention. Mr. Wilson is not satisfied With the present position of the navy. The serious weakness is the number of partially armoured, zuuzzle-loadin,c, vessels we possess. In another Year this weakness will become a grave danger, for ranee months ago undertook the rearmament of uer middle-aged ironclads, and when they are TeadY towards the end of next year they will in- creage the strength of her fleet by almost one- ftfl. It is therefore high time the Admiralty Pursued a like policy in England—taking in hand tWO or three ships at a time, working upon them, if necessary, night and day. Another vital point is that if nothing happens at the Peace Conference We shall have to provide for more new ships next Year. Otherwise our superiority at this moment will vanish, and in two or three years we shall be inferior. In the face of it we do not consider it Probable that the Admiralty has chosen this year for chanc,ino. their policy in regard to subventions to mercant cruisers. What has happened is that flr• Goschen is terminating, the existing contract -le order to obtain fresh concessions from the sub- aiclieed lines in the way of making the vessels •eafer in war time and speedier. The Americans are preparing to subsidise more merchantmen as a teault of the lessons taught by the recent war. It .14Poilld, indeed, be remarkable if Mr. Goschen in- 'llgurated a policy diametrically opposed to the experience gained last year.

A- lamentable state of affairs was disclosed by S. Davies, at the meeting of the Warring- "' Board of Guardians last week. On the evious day two girls about ten years of age ap- tied for admission to the Industrial Schools at adgate and neither of them knew the alphabet. Lie came from Earlestown and the other from ~"arrington, and it would be well if the respective Jel-100l Attendance Committees made some ita• luiries. There is nothing to indicate that these 4.4,re exceptional cases, and they give ground for ,Te statement that despite School Attendance elamittees and vigilant officers there are num- uerQ of children being brought up entirely un- educated. It is evident that there is defective or- gaarisation in some department, which urgently Ilends to be remedied. Unless a child happens to 2",6t on a school register it is difficult to enforce I"Ln-cation under the present system.. It seems c,ulPossible to believe that in these more enlight- tt'ueel days parents will wilfully keep their children o,way from school altogether when fully conscious the injustice and injury they are doing them. ,[lere are undoubtedly such people, and strong Treasures should be taken to protect the children .80°111 the pernicious influence of parents who are unmindful of, or blind to, their duty to their SPring•

FOBURT'S COCOA, on the testimony of the Lancet fripresen: s the standard of highest purity., ' It is entirely ace Iron), all foreign substances, such as kola, malt, hops. th,:. nor Is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive IL,Ye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in this perVlnted London News writes : " Cocoa is in itself a ettgbc6 food, and requires no addition o° drugs whatever by URY's,Cocot is absolutely pure, and should be taken ' and young, at all times and in all seasons ; for ''mnit is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth 04derela2ment in a remarkable degree. Insist on havingb make außt.s. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the AdvOr eXtea profit. Sold only in Packets and Tins.— (3.)

on, ei-n—r.R THE GLOOKFoR GOOD BOOT3.—ik dvt. ..-1133.—Prerttiors. £1.3 133 ; Esc3lstor3. £l2 03 Os aaplds £l5 lOs 01. Sole Avat J. S. GAR LAND vbASIE for CUNNIYGLEAII'S HMH-CLASS MINFwtL 114TU

===== 0002601_18990407_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN WESLEYAN CYCLE CLUB.

This club had its opentug run on E ster Mondav,when about 13 turned out for a spin to Chester. The Wednes- day section had a run to Lymm but rain setting in on the journey home marred an otherwise capital outing. On Monday Mr. Bert Cook captained the club, and on Wednesday the wheelers were under the command of Mr W. Po:t3.—The club will turn out regularly Saturday's and Wednesdays. FOOTBALL—THE WORKS COMPETITIONS.

The inter-works competition excites considerable in- terest. So far only two matches have been decided.— The Ship Canal Employee beat White Lead Works by ten points to two; and the Shop Assistants defeated High- field Tannery by 9 phiats (3 tries) to nil. The other metches are between Wiggs v Spinch Yari; Soapery v Docks; and Castner Kellner v Hazleharsts. The weather so far has not been conducive to record gates.

CONCERT AT HALTON WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

On Easter Monday a capital tea was given to the members of the Boys Brigade, in the Wesleyan school- room, by Mn. McOutlook, of Halton. There was a good atteniance. After tea a miscellaneous concert was given by numerous friends, when a splendid programme was gone throuqh. At the conclusion cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. McCulloch. ENTERTAINMENT IN THE CHURCH SCHOOLS.

On Wednesday evening a fair attendance asssemblei in the Infants' schoolroom,Church-street, when a grand entertainment was given in aid of the prize fund. An excellent program:lle was ably sustained by the follow- ing :—Misszm B Johnson, Maggie Hill; and Me3srs. Harry Gill (humourist), Fred J Lowe, C Lewis, F Dbnnison, John W Marsh, Elorace Tebbutt, Wilfred Ison, all of whom were well received. The accompanists were Mr W B Kay and Mr William Cooke.

ACCIDENT TO A CHILD AT RIINCIRN.

On Wednesday a sad accident occurrad to a daughter of Mr. William Brimelow, Church-street. Ic appears that the little girl who is about 13 years of age was playing in the yard, and attempted to reach some- thing from behind a salting-slate which was temporarily reared against the wall. The slate was o 7er-balanced and fell upon the little girl, causing a fracture. Dr F McDougall was soon in attenaance. but the poor little sufferer has sustained so much shock that at present little cin be done to allay her sufferings. Much sympathy is expressed with Mr. and Mrs. Brimelow at the sad occurrene3. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN.

On Tuesday night, the sailor's concert, at the above Mission was given by Mr W Byfield's concert party, and proved highly satisfactory. The chair was taken, in the presence of a large audience, by Mr W Byfield, and the following interesting programme was submitted :—Song "Queen of the Earth," Mr John Houghton; recitation, "The Bishop and the Caterpillar," Miss H Newal ; gramaphone, recitations and songs (the latest). Mr Perchard ; song (selected), Mr Waiter Shaw ; violin solo (selected), Ddiss E Jones.; reading, " Fast time Oi went a Courting," Mr W Byfield ; song (selected), Mr Walter Shaw ; song (selected), Miss M Hill ; duet (violin and piano). Misses Jones ; song (selected), Mc John Houghton; debate" Pepton Parish Council." The efficient accompanist was Me J S Yates. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and artistes, and the singing of the National Anthem brought an enjoyable evening to a close.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTLTION TO MR. CLASH.

Oa Friday evening, after the service at the Runcorn Parish Cnurch, the members of the choir met in the ves- try for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr. Clare, who recently removed to Alderley Edge. On be- half of the choir boys Mr. Johnson (organist) asked Mr. Clare's acceptance of an inkstand, while from the adult members of the choir he presented him with a Bible bound io morrocco. Mr. Johnson referred to Mr. Clare's valuable services in the choir, and expressed regret that he had left the town. He had taken a great interest in the boys, and they all appreciated his kindness. The Rev. H. B. Firth and Mr. Branch also bore testimony to Mr. Caves praiseworthy efforts in the choir, and wished him success in- his new sphere of labour. Mr. Clare suitably acknowledged the gifts. The arrangements for the presentation were in the hands of Mr. W. E. Dudley.

Soss OF TEMPERANCE, .RIINCORN. An interesting meeting of the above order was held on Saturday evening in the Greenway-road School. There was a good attendance of officers and members. Mr. Thomas Cooke who occupied the chair, said they had a pleasing duty to perform, namely, to present Mr. Edward W. Key, with a beautiful emblem of the order, which real as follows :—" Order of the Sons of Temper- ance—Lifeboat Crew Division. Resolved, that the best best thanks of the subordinate division be and are hereby tendered to Bro. Edward W. Key for his valuable services as Worthy Patriarch for three terms.— THOMAS COOKE, worthy patriarch; JAMES JOHNSW, financial secretary." Tneir friend had begun when young to work in the temperance cause. For years he had been a cadet of temperance, and he was transferred to the adult order, in which he had filled a number of important offices with credit. He (the chairman) hoped his example would be a stimulus to the young men who were present. Ele was now the secretary of the cadets, and was following in the footsteps of his highly resp3c- ted father. (applause.) The following officers also spoke in terms of appreciation of Mr. Key's services : Messrs Daniel Bisbrown, Thomas Whyte, Thomas J 11 )lt, Thomas Clarke, James Johnson, and John Jones. Mr. Key heartily thanked them for their gift, and said that he should prize it very much.

LOCAL BILLIARDS.--..RUNCORN V. PENKETH.

The return match between th?se club was played at Ruacorn on Saturday with the following; reqult

RUNCORN. - PENKETEC. H Hughes lOO R Kerr T Lea .. W B Brimelo w lOO W T Hooper T Carruthers ... lOO F Dale 3B ___

CieorgeSmith 97 T Hunter A Worrall J Jones J IhWIIIIIIOII

J Joyce W Roberts If RichArds . 103 J Lewis 13 Carter

RUNCORN URBA.N DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The usual monthly meeting of the above Council was held in the Town Hall, en Thursday morning. There were present :—Messrs J W Lightburn (presidirv.,,), F W!swall, J H Grise, E Gatley, J Swlatman, W J Pritchard, E Lnison, D Hisbrowa, W Handley, with Mr F A Lake (law clerk), Mr E Minh all (secretary), Mr James Wilding (surveyor), and Dr F McDougall (me lical officer). THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT

showed the town to be remarkably free from contagious and infectious diseases. The death-rate fir the last month was 27. ef whith 3 were inquest cases, being an average of 18 per 1,000. 43 births were registered. During the curresbonding period last year 49 birtias were registered, and 17 dPaths. THE NUISANCE AT IaREENIVAY MEADOWS. _

The Highways and Building Committee recommendei that the expenses amountinz to £9 145., incurred in ab,stement of nuisance at No.l37„Greenway Meadnws,be and are hereby declared private improvement expenses, and that such expenses be paid by the owner by nine equal monthly instalments and that interest be charged at the rate of 4d. per cent. Mr. F.; Wiswall proposed that tne minutes of the High- ways and Buildings Committee be passed, omitting the words " in abatement of nuisance." Mr. D. Blebrown seconded, and the pnposition was unanimously agreed to.

THE COMITY OF RUNCORN'S WATER SUPPLY. The Water Committee reported that an analysis of a sample of water taken from the reeervoir had been re- ceived from Mr. J. Carter Bell, the county analyst, who remarked :—" As regards organic matter this is an ex- ceedingly good water but it contains too much chlorides •in the shape of chlorides and eolium." The follewing shows the percentage of free ammonia and chlorides per galloa :—Free ammonia 'OOlO5, chlorine in chlorides 391; Mr. J. Pritchard, as chairman of the Water Com- mittee, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that numerous tests had been taken during the year. They indicated that the water had undergone hardly any change. The water was remarkably free from any organic matter, but with reference to chlorides or eats, tbat remained about the same. Lest year showed a slight diaaunitiou, being Id grains per gallon, whilst the present analysis gave 39. Ac that twelve months was coming to a close they hoped to be able to lay before the next Council meeting the statement of receipts and expeediture for the year. , Mr. F. Wiswell seconded and considered that the analyst's report was a very satisfactory one. Mr. E. Liaison asked whether he could take it, from the fact there was a difference of two grains in the analysis, that the fissure theory consequent on the Ship Canal blasting operations at Weston Point, was ex- ploded, and whether being that the Council received quarterly reports and analyses upon the water it was usual to publish them ? Mr. Pritchard explained that the reason the analysis was published was because it was nearing the end of the year. During the year analyses had been taken but no material difference had been shown, therefore it was not considered there was need to publish them. Had there been a difference the committee would have at once put them before the public. Mr. Liaison further questioned regarding the fissure theory, stated that it did not seem clear to him that they should only have the one analysis submitted— which might have been the most favourable—for the benefit of the public. He considered that all or none should be published. Mr. liendleyrems.rked that the most satisfactory thing about the water was its freedom from organic matter. As the result of what he might call the agitation of a few years age they had had several analyses taken and there had been no organic matter shown in those analyses. They know that the water was hard,and would be hard, and as: far as any water in Cheshire was concerned they would find in it the products of Cheshire —salt. Mr. F. Wiswall for his own opinion, would go so far as to state that the diminution in chlurides exploded the fissure theory. For if there were any fissure tnere would certainly have been indications of organic matter show- ing itself, and certainly an increase of chloride. The mieutes were subsequently adopted.

MARKETS AND CEMETERY EXPENSES,

On the r:contmendation of the Markets and Cemetery Committee a precept was ordered to be served on the overseers of the poor for £165 for the six months ending 30th September next for the repayment of loans, and a precept for £BO for cemetery expenses for the same period. Mr. W Collier proposed, and Mr. W. Handley secon- ded the adoption of tie Markets and Cemetery Commit- tee's report which was agreed te.

APPOINTMENT OF TEACHERS.

The Technical Instructioa Committee recommended that Mr. T. J. Irving, St. Albans, be appointed assistant master at the Technical Institute with a salary of £65 per annum, and that Miss Goble (Liverpool School of Cookery) bs appointed teacher of cookery at the rate of 7s. 6d. per lesson. plr. J. Wilson moved, and Mr. W. Ilincl!ey seconded the above, which was unanimously agreed to.

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY! APRIL 79 1899 • NOTES ON GAIVIES AND THE WARRINGTON ATHLETICS. SOCIETY. RUGBY FOO NAIL INAUGURAL RECEPTION. What a woeful week end tnis has been for Warrington Rugby fo itballers. Fifty-six points to seven scored— and the seven represents Warrin;ton's share. It's aw- tul. Millotn started the ball r6lling on Goei Friday by totalling 11 points to nil, and since then it has gone on rolling in the same direction. Even poor despised Stock- port, who bad only won oh three p:ev:ous ()elisions this season, succeeded in vanquishing the primrose and blue." Mr. Warren, the secretary, might well be ill, though he has now taken a turn for the better I am glad to say. I only wish the club would Lllow suit. There is poor prospect ef them doing SO this season, however, and if they win more than another match—that at Bir- kenhead, maybe—it will be a pleasant surprise.

Saturday's match was the one at S:ockport, where tho Carets are even deeper in the Imre thaa Warring- ton: They are a better team nevertueless. One is c Mn- pelted to admit it after the proceelings on Saturday. Fortunately Warrington have n 9 further engagements with Tyldesley, Wigan, aad Morecambe, as it is prob- able that the same candid a imission would have to be repeated. There were p!eaty of enthusiasts who confidently expected that Warrington wou4 safely negotiate the Stockport hurdle, and now that tee team has failed to accomplish even this small task they will realise how feeble an organisation' it is. Way Stockport simply ramped round them. Robinson raced behind the pasts in the first five minutes, and a goal followed. Then Astturst retaliated somewhat with a penalty goal, which he landed with a fine drop kick. From 113 W to the interval 'there was a stubb3rn fight, ia which the home lot had always rather the best of matters, though facing the wind.

In the second half play went front bad to worse. Not a man on the Warrington side playei anything ap- proaching foothlll, and one or two did not even try. Bidden managed to lose his temper for a mom gr, witu the consequence that Mr.Kennsdy gave him his passport to the frontier, whither he went. The offence WAS only slight, but Mr. Kennedy had plainly been burning to dts- tinguish himself and seized this opportunity. For irritating officiousness on a football ficld I coinmend you to this gentleman. Worsley afterwards dropped a fine goal, Sands scored a clever try, and Saville impr wed on it in his customary style. Me latter also suffered mach front anxiety to become a hero all at (mei, as was evi- denced by his frequent efforts to kick go us from the half-way line. Of course it wasted tune, and F:e 1 Saville may not have been blind to the fact.

Of all the ragged, unicientific displays Warrin.;ton have given this season, the one at B:ockport was the worst; The crude efforts against Hoax were " a king to it." Evan Bate played miserably. al was tackled times without nainUer, and made a big blunder in trying to ran round toe pack every rime and play the whale S:ockport fifteen himself. Before the finisa he got a nasty cut on the hea I but cpn.;inue I to s:ruggle on with characteristic. pluck. Everybody else was in similar form, with the exception of the forwards, who worked hard to little purpose. They were neither as strong nor as fast as the S:ockport eight, but no fault could be found with the display of Naylor, Mo;rison,and Fairhurst.

I have a bone to pick with the committee on another matter this week. Not a single C9mmittae man accom- Naiad the players to Stockp 3rt; or Runcorn. Is this the way t 3 encourage men to do their hes-, may I ask ? The players do not think so and some of them were not afraid of saying what they thought. If the committeemen them- selves do not care what becomes of the team in away matches thsy cannot expect other people to show much interest either here or elsewhere.

'Twould perhaps be as well to draw a veil o'er what happened at Ruocora, but one's duty to the readers of the " Examiner " must be fulfilled. This historic fight, which is rightly considered one of the titbits of the seasoa, was nettling but a farce on Monday. Warrington went with a very weak team, Bate and Hallam being absent among others, and Runcorn rattled up the huge total of 6 goals 7 tries, to ago .1 and a try. The home team played brilliantly, as they have done for the grewer part of the season, and made a sorry spectacle of their once doughty opponents. Players in green jerseys were taking turns at scoring tries and kicking goals, without asking the consent of anybody, not even the Warrington players. Butterworth as usual, was everywhere, and found his way to the region behind the posts or thereabouts o a three occasions. Jolley landed about half-a-dozen goals. Altogether the Runcoraians had a fine Bank Holiday at Warring- ton's expense. This was the last competition match of the season for the Warrington Club, and it is a blessing that such is the case. Really the wooden spoon and the test matches are not very far off, and Morecamb don't want 'em.

Broughton Rangers won the Championship of the Lancashire section with ease on Mlnday, Wigan suc- cumbing by n. points to 2 on their own ground.

The Lancashire Leigue table up to date stands as fol. lows:— _ _

.._ .. _ or. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Broughton Rang. 25...21 5... 0...41 65 -277...13 16— 74...42 Oldham 26.. 20.. 6. 0-32107-385...11 12— 53...4) Salford 26..18.. 6.. 2...22 64-203-22 23-113...33 Widnes 25..16.. 7.. 2 .34 33 -183_21 23-111-33 Leigh 23...17... 9... 0...36 32-178...19 21-191...34 *Swinton... 25...16... 7... 2...33 54 -223 ..13 16— 74-32 Runcorn 25...14... 9... 2.-31 40 -182...18 23-105...31 St. Helens 23...10...10... 3...25 30-143...17 41-157...23 Warrington 26...11...14... 1...16 31-131-32 51-217...23 Rochdale Hornets 26... 9...14... 3...6 29-139...33 48-.216...21 Wigan 25.. 4...1.9... 3...15 12— 63...33 54 -234...19 Tylciesley 26.. 3...18... 5...13 18— 8) -39 M-253...11 Stockport 24. 4...19... 1...15 19— 87...44 72-3)4... 9 Morecambe 25... 2...22... 1... 6 11— 45...39 65-273... 5 *Swinton have had two points deducted for breach of professional rules.

Now that Warrington's League engagements are con- cluded we can compare the results of the season's work with thos3 of the previous season. The only satisfac- tory feature about the 1898-93 season is th 3 fact that Warrin.gton have obtained one point more than they did in 1897-98. This year 23 points have been obtained out of 26 matches, against 22 out of 26. Last year the re- cord was:played 26, won 10, lest 14, dra cvn 2. 128 points f0r,178 points against,total points in League 22 It will be seen by the table above that the point average is much inferior this year to last. The team his snored 6 points more, but has had 39 points more piled against it. But for the terrible performances of the past week end a bet- ter record than last yeses might lam bssa shown. When a team has over 200 points scored against it in 28 matches, then things are getting pretty bad. Tail :mason they have been bad in Warrington—terribly bad, and they will have to alter in future.

While the seniors had been gw:ting b33ten all round the shop, the "A" team has been winning in its own sweet way. Oa Saturday S:ockp)rt " A " team were wiped out by over 20 poinls, while on Monday Runcorn "A" had to knuckle under to a vary mired team by 4 tries to nil. J. Lawless and Foden (Fletcher%) and Smith (Latchford Rangers) assiF.t3,l Warritrzton, ill playing very well. Lawl.ss; in particular proved his worth, and uans d better this season th6n ever.

Hull Itingston Revers ace the vi4itors Wildersooll this Skturday, and those who saw the flee display they cave last season will want to see them again. Tao Rovers have done very well, and will probthly defeat Warrinvton comfortably, bat they won't have quite the sante soft thing on that they had last time. Their strength on that eclasion was a surprise packet. The home team is constituted much as usual, excvt that Ashurst and Hallam are off.and Wilcox and 8353091 fill the vacancies. Moores will have a trial on the wing.

Warrington Academy entered upon another phase ef its existence on Wednesday evening when it was opened under the auspices of the Warrington Society—an institution founded for the encourage- ment of local literary and artistic instinct. It will be remembered that but a short time ago the War- rington Academy,which is so rich in local memories, was in imminent danger of being razed to the ground. This irreparable loss was avoided by the public spirited action of a number of local gentle- men, and the formation of the Warrington Society may be considered to be the sequel to the agitation for the preservation of the building. Satisfactory terms have been arranged with the Corporation for renting the building, and it has now been sumptuously furnished and fitted up in a manner best suited to meet the wants of the members of the society and still retain a little of the atmosphere which surrounded the building in its academic days. The inaugural re- ception on Wednesday by the president (Lir. William Long, J.P.) was in every way a success. Am ,ngst those present were the Rev. E C E Carleton, R39'. John and Mrs Yonge. Rev. W H Drum-111nd, Alderman Henry Roberts, Councillor Arthur Bennett, Mr F Monks and Mrs Monks, Councillor Monks, Dr Gornall,and Dr Guest Gornall, Mr an Mrs R Garnett, J P., Mr and Mrs Fair- hurst, Mr and Mrs H S Page, Mr H J Westbrook, Mr Edwin Bradshaw, Mr and Mrs Crompton, Mr and Mrs Ewart, Mr and Mrs Hall, Mr and Mrs Kent, Mr and Mrs E Osborne, Mr and Mrs A Rs,thbene, Mr and Mrs W W Diaarnelow, Mr and Mrs Herbert Woods, Mr and Mrs Thomas May, Messrs. J A Kendrick, W Dilworth, Dunn, D3.W5313, Dawson, junior, and Grundy. The walls ot the rosms were decorated with a number of old War- rington pictures and portraits, and in the meeting room a collection of old Warrington literature was on view. A programme of music was provided by Mr. Percy Randall' band, and a number of pieces played were by Warrington composers. These included the marca "Mendelssohn" by A R Sutton; dance "Rtddon Court" by Percy Raadall; gavotte "Glen Mays" by R W Man- ning, and the waltz "The Blueloacks",by Walter °romp- ton.

Inaugural addressee were delivered in the meeting room during an interval in the programme. Mr WILLIAM LONG presided, aed in the course of a few remarks said it was a very pleasant commencement of his presidential duties to be able to welcome them into the old building of the Wet' inetoa Acedeiny. (Hear, he tr.) He was exceedingly sorry that the evening was so unp-opitious for them, and also very sorry that it so happened that those who would have been present were prevented owing to it being the holiday week. To show them that they hal a gaol deal of sympathy from those who were not present, he would ask Mr. Hall, one of the hon. secretaries, to read letters from these from whom he had received apologies. Mr. Ham, read the following letter from Dr. Drum- mond, remarking that it was a happy coincidence that at the present time they had his son living in the town : "Manchester College, Oxford. I am mueee obliged to you for your courtesy in inviting me te the interesting cere- mony in which the old home of the Warringtoa Academy is once mere to be dedicated to science, litera- ture and art. I as are you it would be a great pleasure to me to be present on such an occasion; and I must be content with a written expreseien of my gocd wishes for the success of the enterprise and of my sincere hope that the ancient building, with its interesting traditions will once m ere be a centre of intellectual ani moral culture in your town, and that members of all pertiee will meet together there with mutual respect and be drawn closer to one another, through mutual understanding, in CMIII/lon work for the public good.—James Drummond." Mr. H all proceeded to state that he had received letters of apeloey from the Mayor (Alderman Wright), Mr. L. Greening, Mr. and Mrs. V. B. Devies,Rev E. J. and Mrs. Willcoeks, Rev. Merley aed Mrs. Stevenson. Rev. Canon Willis, Mr. and Mrs. NI. Edelsten, Mr. W. D. Houghton, and Mr. Henry Greenall. The CHAIR:NUN after paying a tribute to Councillor Bennett's services. said they could not be too thankful that such a relic: should he saved to the town when they remembered the pasition which that building took as the home of literature and educational work at a time when such institutions were vary rare in the land ; the broa I spirit cultivated there at that time ; the tone it gave to the society of Warrington and district, enabl- ing it to be called—and he did not think it an empty boast—the Athens of the north. It was necessary in these days of close commercial competition when people were thinking chieey of their material wel- fare, of reoney and money making, that they should have their thoughts directed to the other side of life. He hoped the society which lied been formed would have a humanising ioflaence that would help to raise the tone of the place as he was sure the Academy had done in its earlier days. (Hear, hear.) If they succeeded in making it a home for the young of Warrington he should consider himself well repaid. (Hear, heard Councillor BENNETT said they had several objects in view in starting out upon the enterprise which had that night been brought to such a triumphant conclusion. Tneir first object was to preserve the building. They saw that nearly all the ancient buildings of the town had disappeared, including Cromwell's lodgings, Eyres' press the homes of Percival and B arnee,of Harrison and Littler- land:the shop in which Mongomery baked his bread and wrote his femme aPeeory ; arid also the new Academy. A few of the tutors' houses still remained but most of these seemed doomed to very shortly disappear. They felt the Academy was an ideal haildiee,atel if preserved would represent the most glorious epoch in the history of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) They were told that the building was old ; that it would detract from the street; and if altered it :could not retain any mlthetic ap- pearance. He ventured to think that what had been done with the assistance of the Borough Surveyor had greatly improved its appear- ance, and instead of it being an eyesore as some anticipated, it had become an ornament to the town. (Hear, hear.) The second idea they had in their minds was to definitely associate the building with memories of the old town's past, an I especially with the brightest period in their local history when Warrineton became " the Athens of Lancashire," if not of" England." They felt that the ideal solution would be to get the Museum Committee to take it over and use it as a reference library. The Museum Committee was somewhat re- stricted in its resources, and was not able te carry out the project. They therefore had to fall back on some other idea, and one feature was to make it in some sense the home of Warrington literature which was produced in such great abundance dur- ing last century. Another object was to have in tint building together with the old literature, the pictures of the men and women who had been the means of lending such a lasting lustre to the Academy. Their names were almost logion and it was almost impossible to believe what a laree number of brilliant men were assembled in Warrington in its academic days. The names of Dr. Priestley, Dr. Taylor, and Dr. Aiein were associated with that houee,and also Mac Aikin, afterwards Mrs. Berbeuld, who was prob- ably the greatest poetress of the last century. They would clod °a inspecting the rooms that they had already the nucleus of a library of old Warrington literature, and on the walls they bad the pictures of many War- rington worthies, more especially those associated with the Academy. Old Warringten worthies would therefore adorn its walls and old Warrington literature would line its ancient shelves. They had already made a good be- ginning. and further contributions would be thankfully received. Tee institution was not intended to be a rival ti but a fellow worker with the Museum. Recently he visited Manchester College, Orford, and he must say be was greatly struck with the esteem in which this old institution at Warrington was held by the respensible heads of the college. If Oxford was so proud of its connection with Warrington and was willing to proclaim this c man:7,lcm with the old town he thought they were not quite doing their duty unless they held these ancient rooms in honoured memory and male them a memento of that happy and distinguished time. It was not a sectarian or political institution and it was only in so far as it stood for art, literature, science and culture that they associated themselves with it. But whilst they wished to make the Old Academy at once a monument and a tIIkISOUCTI that was not enough. They wished to make it a home of some institution which was full of latter day life and energy, carrying out the traditions of the past in the present and the future. The Academy had there- fore been made the headquarters of the War- rington Society which nand for its object the encouragement of every form of local literary and artistic instinct. The society had been formed for the preservation of the Old Academy and of other ancient buildings and local monuments ; the col- lection of books, manuscripts, autographs, pictures,por- traits, silhouettes, engravings and other objects asso- ciated with the Academy or with the general history of the town ; the maintenance of the intellectual and ar- tistic traditions of the town and, neighbourhood ; the encouragement of everything which is calculated to im- prove the appearance and enhance the repu- tation of the town; the pursuit and enjoyment of science, literature, and art ; the establishment of subsidiary societies, clubs or other erganisetions to carry on these objects. In regard to the membership and the qualifications, it was well they should be made plain. There was no social qualification, and it was entirely unpolitical and non-sectarian. All who were interested in any of the subjects named would be wel- come to the extent of the accemmodazion of the rooms. The_v heel no objectien to billiards, but these were not their raison detre. They believed that people with intellectual tastes were just as much entitled to a decent dinner or a cup of unimpeachable coffee as other folk —(laughter)—and they would endeavour to provide it, but they did not wish anyone to join them for these reasons, but rather those chiefly interested in the " feat of reason and the flow of soul." They wished to make the Old Academy a congenial meeting place for the men of ant'quarian. literary, scientific or artistic tastes. Ladies were just as intellectual as men, and ever so

much nicer. (Laughter.) They were not in any way excluded by the rules, but the accommodation br the prelent was insufficient. They would, however, be allowed t 3 visit the Academy in company with members. Visitors would be allowed to see through the building, on 1 application to the caretaker. Housed in these congenial surroundings, with the faces of the immo7tals beaming on them from these jewelled walls, and their immortal words enshrined within their library they might hope to keep alive the best traditions of the town's past.- (dear, hear.) In an age of mammonism the Academy would stand for the eternal things, and amidst the smoke and hum of their extended commerce vrould point them to the blue skies and lofty thoughts agaid. (Applause).

===== 0002601_18990407_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
1173 923 Majority for Runcorn... 245 Majority for Panketh at Penketh 9O

Majority oa boiki sides for Runcorn 155

DIZOWNING FATALITY AT WIHNES.

At the Widnes Acaident Hospital yesterday morning. Mr F A Jones, deputy coroner held an inquest touching the death of P.iter Lynch, age' 10. of 49, D avies-street. Widnes, who was drowned or, Widries on Sunday.— Joseph Lynch, brother o deceas ,d, identified the body. and stated that on Sandy his brother brought him his dinner at six o'clock p.m. He told him to hurry back, but he afterwards saw him playing with the flats in the cartal.—Robert Williams, a boy residing in Runcorn, stated that he saw the deceased on Sunday soon after six o'clock. The deceased asked him to help him with the boat to the other side of the canal, but witness said he could not as he bad to hurry home. Doceased crossed over to within a couple of yards of the other side, when he slipped and fell into the water, and as the deceased did not come to the surface, he ran in search of the Widnes Police Station. As he could not find it he crossed to Runcorn, and informed the police there. Pclice sergeant Radcliffe said they received information from the Runcorn Police Station, and the body was re'.:overed on Tuesday at noon. The jury returned a verdiat of Accidental death." ASK or CUNNINGHAM HIGII-CI I..SS IHNEIIL WATERS.—Advt

===== 0002601_18990407_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCES.

The Finance Committee recommended Vint the seal of thl Council he affixed to a form requeitin; the Chief Accpuntant of the Bank of England to transmit by post to Mr. T. C. Haddock, treasurer, all Dividend Warrants due and to heconas due on the sum of £2,400 inveatedin 31 per cent India Stock, and that the sum of £9BB 23 61 invested in Consols be realised as the m mey is required to re-pay Mr. Thomas F.Hazlehurst'a mortgage of £1,200 borrowed for Cemetery Purposes. On the motion of Mr. Imison, the financial report was adopted. _

THE ELECTRIC LIGITTING.-A COMPLAINT.

In answer to Dlr. unison, 5/r. Ltki (law clerk) explained the present position of the Council with res- pect to the Electric Lighting Provisional Order, and intimated that the Board of Trade had withdrawn its opposition to the Order which would now be cNnpleted after the passing of the Bill through Parliament. He ished to acknowledge the valuable assistance received in the matter from Sir John Brunner.—dr. Lake was highly complimented for hss persistency in fighting the cause of the C3uneil, and the Chairman remarked that there was no. doubt that the Cuncit recenisel the goodness of Sir John Brunner in the matter. (Hear, hear. )

THE ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting was fixAd fur Virec'mislay April 19ta, at 10.30 a.m. hi the morning.

ALLEGED THEFT 3 NEA.II. RUNCORN".

PRISONER COMYLIT LED TO TEE QUARTER _ SESSEONS.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Thursday, before Mr. F. J. Norman, Joseph Wilkinson, labourer, was charged on remand with stealing one overcoat VAILIO 305., one jacket value 103. 6d., one Cardigan jacket value 63., and one mufiler value is., the goods of Thomas Hughes, and one pair of boots value 63.11.1.,the property of Frederick Rollinson, at Norton, on the 26th March. Thomas Highes stated that he was a carter in the employ of Mr. Charles Percival, Eenley Wood Farno,Nor- ton. On Sa-aarclay, 25th March, about 6 p.m., he saw the prisoner in Norton-laae. He followed witnese down the drive to trio farm, and can into the stable, and asked "is there a piece where I can sleep to-night." Wit- ness said" yes,you can sleep in the shippon." Witeems then went out and did not see the prisoner again until the following morning, when he came into the stable again. He remained about the stable all day, and when witness left, about 6.15, the prisoner was still in the stable. The articles produced. viz., one overcoat, one jn;kat, oae jersey, and one muffier, were hanging up in the stable when witness left. He returned to the stable about 9.30 the same evening and found that the prisoner had gone, and the articles were missing. He gave in- formation to the police. He identified the articles pro- duced as his property.—Frederick Rollinson, a milk boy in the employ of Mr. Percival,stated that about six p.m. on Sunday, thc 26:12 March, he saw his boots (produced) in the top stable. About 9.30 the same evening, iii company with Thomas Hughes, he returned to the stable and found the boots missing. The boots produced were witness's property.- -Thomas Hankey, assistant to Mr. R. H. Crlsn, pawn- broker, Witton-street, Northwich, and residing at 51., Warrington-road, Northwich, stated that about 10.30 a.m. on the 27th March the prisoner came into the shop and asked 3s. 61. on the coat produced. He asked him if it was his own and he replied" Yes." Witness asked for his name, and he r pliod ' James Button, Church- street, Northwich." He gave the prisoner 3s. 6d. and a pawn ticket. Witness identified the coat produced as the one the prisoner pledged.—P.C. Gregory stated that he received the prisoner into custody from the North- wicla police on the 27th March. Prisoner was then wear- ing the coat, jersey, mull Jr, and boots. The overcoat was handed to witness the same dey,by one of Mr. Crisp's assistants at the shop in Wittoe-street, North- wicta. He conveyed the prisoner to Runcorn police station th same evening, and subsequsntly charged him vrith stealing the articles produced, the property of Thomas Hughes and Fre,..erick Rollinson, from a stable at Norton, on the 26% March. He replied " I hive nothing to say ; its all throueh drink I took them.-- l'he prisoner now said he went to Mr. Percival's farm on the Friday and asked him for a job. Mr. Percival enraged hien for Monday morning,and as the weather had broken he went to the farm on Saturday with the intention of storting work on the Monday. On Sunday night he went to Hatton and got a drop of drink, with the result that he committed the theft. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, to be held at Chester, on the 6th inst. A list of previous convictions showed that prisoner had under- gone two terms of penal servitude.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THR SWIMMING SEASON AT WARRINGTON.

On Monday the large plunge bath at the Cor- poratioa Baths was opened for the season and will cantina° open until the 30th September. Although a large number of people were -out of town, as it was a bank holi lay, there was a fair attendance of swill:men throughout the day.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDA.Y EDITIONS OF DULY PAPERS.

EVPHATIC PROTEST &T RUNCORN.

At S. Paul's Wesleyan- C-h-u-re'--1,-Runcorn, on Sunday marning last, the Rev. C. W. L. Christian brought before the congregation the subjact of the proposed publication of a Sunday edition of the "Daily Telograph"and "Daily Mail." After an address on the great evils that would fellow if the proposal were carried out, he submitted the following resolution for their adoption, and after twice readinz it requested all in favour of it to riss,whereupon the whole congreg,,ation--q, very large one in spite of the holidays—rose in token of their hearty concurrence. _ _

" ft&solved :—That -t—his church and congregation de- sires to put on record its solemu protest a,gainst the proposed publtation of Sunday editions of daily news- pap'rs. It bolds (1) Tnat such publication would be an absoheely needless addition to daily labour, depriving multitude of that Sabbath rest so essential to the wea -being of mankind.

(2) That if once commenced it would naturally and inevitably lead to the general publication of Suniay elitione of papers that are not at preient contemplating such a step.

(3) That the introduction of such papers, with their ordinary contents, into the families of the people would be a widespread calamity for both old and young, bring- ing a flood of worldly thought and feeling into the day that should be freed from it and devoted to higher pur- poses.

(4) Above all it prate.ts against the proposal as a direct sin against Him, who, in infinite care for our physical, mental, and spiritual good has placed the Cam- mandrzent t " Keep holy the Sabbath Day "ia his moral law, which is for ever binding upon univerial man.

(5) Aud. while still hopeful that this proposal will be aba.ndotod, tne members of this church and congrega- tion pledge themselves never to purchase or advertise in any daily paper, which thus sins against their country and their God.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND SE CONDARY EDUCATION.

I SERIOUS POSITION.

Information has just reached us of a most im- portant character upon the above subject. For some time past it appears that the Association of Muni- cipal Corporations has had the subject under its most serious consideration and various attempts at a settlement have loam made. In January last the sub-eommittee me; and adopted the following scheme :-Ist "That a central education authority should be established, with an education minister attached" ; 2nd ‘` That a local education authoritf ; should be established in each educational area, for the purpose of deeling with secen iary education including technical instruction"; 3rd "That the area of every administrative county and ceun "At borough should be the educational area. A proviso was however introduced that, although the administra- tive county—which term includes for teie purpose a county borough—was to be accepted as the area for secondary educatiou, provision should be made enabling the council o.! any county or any berouge, to mike a representation to the effect that it was desirable that an educational area other than that of the ad ninistrative county should be constituted and the claims of such borough would be considered by the central autho- rity. This was held to mean that if any non- county borough was desirous of be3oming an edu- cational area it might apply t the ceatral authority. This eep to the non-county boroughs may be valued at any price but the conduct of the County Council of Lancashire towateis the non-county boroughs in the matter ot Technical Instruction precludes the possibility of assuming that any assistance to a non-county berough seeking to help I itself would be rendered ; rather is it to be feared that every obstacle would be placed in its way. The local education authority is to be appoin- ted as follows :—a majority by the County Council or coanty borough—if there are echosl boards one third of the remainder of the board— another third to be nominated by the education minister from the school boards and the remaining third to be co-optated by those already chosen. Where there are no school boards then the appoint- ment is to be as follows—a majority by the coencil of the county or borough ; one third of the re- mainder by the minister and the remainder cc- optated. This scheme, it will be at once seen, entirely shuts out all municipalities which are not county boroughs; and where there are no school boards in such municipalities, it will be further seen that such boroughs will have no voice what- ever in the selection of the education authority. It is impossible to conceive a greater hardship, be- I cause there are many boroughs having a 'ovulation larger than some county boroughs, yet, because the latter happen to be coanty boroughs, they are to enjoy a privilege that their more populous non- county neighbours may not have. The particulars of this scheme were forwarded to the Government and to the heads of the Education Department as the voice and desire of the municipal authorities of the kingdom and it was perceived that it must have considerable weight in the discussion by the Government of this somewhat difficult problem. When the scheme came on for consideration, not unnaturally, the non-county boroughs strenuously objected to what they considered as a deprivation of their natural rights, and, from what we learn, it , would seem that the question after being fully de- bated, and ably debated too, at a meeting of the Non-County Boroughs Aesociation,a resolution was unanimously passed, that the non-county boroughs should stand out for equal treatment with the county boroughs. So strongly and acutely was this , I unfair treatment felt that at one time it seemed I ' likely to be the rock upon which the very existence ; of the Association of Municipal Corporations might H split, and had it not been for the kindly feeling and strong desire entertained by the leaders of the non- county boroughs a cenflict would have been inevit- able. The representatives from Liverpool, at the meeting, where the matter came up for considera- tion, declared in the most arrogant way that, whether the non-county boroughs liked it or not, they meant to go on with the scheme as suggested. All parties agree that secondary education is an absolute necessity of our time,and that the carrying on of the educational plans can only be satisfactorily worked by a local authority. What particular form that local authority should be, cannot be settled by any off-hand resolution. It has been suggested that all boroughs with over ; 20,0)0 inhabitants should be the limit, but this I would not suit same authorities who are now doing good work in Technical Instruction. It has also , been suggested that the smaller boroughs should be I grouped with the villages around them, and thus ' centres of fair size could be created,' and very economically worked. It is no secret that the Tech- nical Instruction Committee of the County of Lan- cashire has been continually at loggerheads with I the local authorities and that in the opinion of many local authorities its conciuct and manage- ment still leaves much room for improve- ment. The publication of the proceedings of the Liverpool City Council shows that their representatives at the annual meeting of the Asso- ciation of Municipal Corporations did but state the truth when they declared their intention of acting at once, for the whole matter came before their Council on Wednesday night._

Now, let US see how Warrington will he affected by the propositions set forth. Warrington, as most know, is the largest non-county borough, and although we are credibly informed that the representatives of War- rington spoke out strenuously against the proposal—if this scheme be adopted Warrington will be effectually shut out. Many times have our columns proved the existence of friction between the County Council and the Borough, and threats that Warrington should seek to become a County Borough have been muttered time end time again, but now it is evident that some speedy action must I take place. Warrington has no School Board (which ' to many is a most unfortunate circtinistance), and therefore Warrington would have no representative at all upon the loc il educational authority, unless it should happen that the central educational au- thority acting under the proviso should be of opinion that it is in the best interest of education that a special area should be constituted for Warrington. The tenaper of the County Council, and the dispo§itien of its members, leaves no hope for the suggestion that they would welcome the creation of a special area for Warrington. If nothing is to be done in other ways therefore, Warrington must help itself, and the only effectual way of helping itself is for Warrington to take immediate steps to become a county borough. We have made enquiry, and have been informed that the great reason why Warrington has no: Fought to step up among the greater boroughs is that of expense— indeed there seems to be a certain fearful looking for, and dread of, any increased expenditure. It may, after all, be only a nightmare, and when the position of Warrington shall be properly worked up, and the indebtedness of the county to the town fully made out, it seems to us there is not much reason to anticipate any great increase of expenditure. War- riagton has now the reputation of being among the " forward movement" boroughs, and it certainly has shown no disposition to shirk its responsibility in dealing with technical instruction. The only complaint it has is the complaint of bad treatment at the hands of the County Council. It has secured a plot of land for a Technical School ; it has put ' into the new Bill a sum of money for the erection of such a school; it is carrying on success- fully continuation school-educational classes, art work, and all that pertains to technical instruction, and a grant from the rates has for some time been made, and we are informed that this item is again appearing in the estimates for the forthcoming year—all of which conclusively proves that War- aiington is not one whit behind in this matter. If, therefore, Warrington, is to maintain its position— anxious as it apparently is to do its duty—it must do more than talk or it will most probably find it- self merged in the larger authority of the county.

CHINA TEA SERVICES, Dinner Services, Toilet and Trinket Sets. Cheapest honse.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
A WALTON LANDLORD AND THE CYCLISTS.

IMPORTANT PROSECUTION BY TEIE CYCLISTS'

TOURING CLUB.

On Tuesday a case of much interest to cyclists oceb- pied the Chester Quarter Sessions at Kautsford for several hours, and was watched with attention by a crowded court. Alfred Broady, the landlord of the Walton Arms, near Warrington, was charged with ne,ge looting and refusing without sufficient cause to supply two cyclists named Alfred Hartwig and William &übbs, on two Sundays last year, with victuals. The pr)secue tion was instituted by the Cyclists' Touring Club. Mr. Sutton and Mr. R. Montgomery prose- cuted. and Mr. E. Honoratius L'o-d defended. Mr. Sutton said that on Sunday, April 17th, last year, Mr. A. W. Hartwig, shipping manager, Timpetley,and , friend were riding on their bicycles from Altrincham to Chester. They arrived at Mr. Broedy's house about , noon, and asked for reasonable refreshment from the maid servants. The girls demurred, and said they had inetructions not to ef.rve anybody, but the cyclists per-, suaded the girls to give them the refreshment they re- quired. Wnile the refreshment was being got reedy,Mr. Broady returned home, and he absolutely refused to supply the tr evellers with refreshment at all. The cyclist were then obliged to g? to Dareebury for refreshment. On a Sunday the following !June, Mr. W. Stubhs,of Oak House, Caureh-street, Warringteri.and a friend called at Mr. Broadv's house on their way from Chester to War- ringten. Mr. Broady refused to serve them, in fact be became anery and slammed the door in their faces,— Alfred H. Hartwig and Wiliam Stubbs gave evidence bearing out the oponing (statement. Fr the defence, Mr. Lloyd coetended that the be haviour of Mr. Hertsvig and his frieeds was such that the landlord was justified in refusing them refreshment. With regard to tha second case, it was simply a pat-up jab by the Cyclists Touring Club. Ala Knigh.-, oee of tee girls in the Walton &ring, said when sh asked the cyclists to wee! until Mr. and Mrs. Broady came from phurch, one of them said that they would be at their journey's end before Mr. and Mrs. Broady arrived, and they also said they would have her locked up for telling lies, and the license would be en- dorsed.

The linilerd said whpn the girls told him what the cyclisti hal said, he weir; to them and asked which of them Wag going to ge his license end nsed. Oce of them said, " I am." sill h., (Jere-Ida-a) then said " G.) and get it dons. Get on with you:: work." They then went to work. He refused to serve tbs second cyclist because he was uot a bona-fide traveller.

alairna.ln, in s WAS the cprn. mv I< that 9.3 liVieeper WAS tymn I to provile reasan- able refr'shmm foL• travellers. Tne inl question was whether tae landlori, havivg re.;ard to the cireum. stanels,:vas reasanabiy jl3tifled iv Ntusi'l.z the c7clists. _After considerint; tt7e cas • in privlte for one and a hall haunt the jury rtAuraed a verdict of " Not guilty."

===== 0002601_18990407_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESEN" L'ATIO N TO :UR. TIIOIEAS

ORNIAND, EIRLES4TOWN.

At the clese of tha lecture given under the auspices of the Newton-ie-elakerfield Lectures Committee, on Wed- nes lay evening in toe Town Hell, Etrlestown, a very interesting ceremony was performed. Colonel Paington. M.P., for the Newton. Division, who presided,stid before the proceedings of the eveling were terrninvei, and before they went any further in the proceedings, he wished to make an interval, wocb, he was sure they would thormighly and enthesiaerically appreciate. Teat he understood,was the last lecture of the session, and he belie el that that seseion was the third session that they had had. Of course if the other lectures of the three sessions had been anything like the one teev had been listenine to that evening,they had indeei had a wonder- ful series of lectures. He did not suppose it was pesible t 3 spend with such pleaeure an ii'ir-ind-a.hslf ill auy other way than to listen to the delivery of the lecture they had had that night. It was full, over full, and if it had not been so well delivered,and so interesting some of them would not have been able to caeeh every- thing. He put it to them that if they had hal such lectures as those for three sessions that they owed some- thing to somebody, he could not tell who they owed it to probably they owed it to a good many peep:B, but there had te be, after all, siernebody upon whose 9houl JAN; the severe work fell, and he was told this work hid fallen on the shoulders of Mr. Thomas Ormene. (Applause.) They knew him a great deal better that he del, bat he underst3od that he had been working away in their midst for many years. Be understood that he was art Berlestown man, born and bred, that was to say, when ' he was a ten, he was an Etrlestown bay. His position there had been very Ireful; he was an old commissioner; and he was a leading Councillor of the District Council, and he (the speaker) could understand and imagine what that meant. He knew that in Eirleetown itself there was a vast amount of public spirt, and that there were many men who deserved well of Etrlestown, but on that occa- sion Veey had kot to notice and mark the service which had been rendered by one of these men, and that man was Mr. Thomas Ormand. (Applause.) He knew the , lectures must be much appreciated, and it was the de- sire of the leading inhabitants and tradespeople of Ear-, lestown, that some slight r !cognition of the servicss of Mr. Ormand should be covie that nieht, and therefore he had been aiked to present to Mr. Thomas Ormaad that very handsome testimonial, which they had sub- scribed for. He understood that beauciful inks`aed, 1 candlesticks and salver represented something like £4O. and he hoped Mr. Ormand wooed go on in the course ,he had marked met for himself, or one which a higleer influence had marked out for him. He was emeewered on behalf of the people whom Mr. °mend knew much better than he did, to hand to him, and present to hint that fitting testimonial for the services he had rendered in connection with the lectures, and on behalf of the people of Eirlestown, he begged to hand to him teat testimonial. (Loud applause). Mr. Ormand in acknowledgment said C 4 )nel ton had, in much too fiaetering language referred to the work he had had to do in cennection with the lectures, but he could not have done it near se well, had he not been backed up by a very able committee. A great deal of the credit for the succws of ths lectures was due 'to the chairman, Mr. Berren ; the vice-chairman, Mr. Barton ; the treasurer, Dr. Handysiee an I the members of the executive committee. He should Hee to refer to the ceinmittee who had with such great tact suecteied in seating the audiences at the lec'ures. With regard to that handsome testimonial no words of his would ade- quately express his eratitude to the friends and sub- scribers who had in such a handsome manner shown their appreciation of his services in connectioa with the Gilchrist and University Extension lectures which had. been held in Earlestewn during the last 3 years. Not having looked fer any reward, excer t the FUCCAES of ee .th lectures, and the knowledge that he had to some little extent contributed to that success, they might judge of his suprise when he was asked to be the recipient of their esteem, which was far in excess of his services. His appreciation of their kindness was sincere. He should look upon those gifts with pride and pleasure, and when he bad done with them his children would treasure them as an expression of goodwill and esteem to their father. (Applause). It had been said that testimonials were occasionally given to people, not for weat they had done hut for what they were expected to do, en i he was glad to see that one of the gifts wars symbolical of future useful- ones; he referred to the inkstand, which would con- stantly serve to remind him not only of his secretarial duties in the past, and of the lectures which he hoped would be held in the future, but of his services in con- nection with the Lectures Committee. (Hear, hear.) He was in the happy position that night of being able to state that, considering the very good work that had been done in Eerlestown since the first Gilchrist lectures were given two years ago, the 'l'm tees had selec- ted Earlestewn as one of those towns where anetber course should be given next wlnter.(fleer,hear.)He had been in communication with Dr. Roberts relative to the names of the Lectures, and they had been wanting to get two of their oel favourites there, and be was glad te tell them that he had a telegram from Dr. Roberts. to say that Dr. Dellinger and Sir Robert Ball would writ them again. (Applause). He again thanked the sub- scrihere for having made their new member the channel of that presentation, which had doubly enhanced the pleasure of its receipt. (Applause.) The gift consiseed of inkstand, two candlesticlts and salver, of silver, and were of ?. remarkably. chaete des- cription. The following inscription wall be prat upon the salver" To Thomas Ormane, hon. secretary, Newten- in-Mak rfield Lectures Comrnittee. This salver with inkstend and candlesticks was presentee on behalf of numerous subscribers by Colonel R. Pilkineton, M.P„ for the Division.. A mark of esteem and appreciation of conspicuous service." April 5, 1899,

WARRINGTON MARICHTS. At the Warrington Corn Market on Wedresday new wheat (white) fetched 3s 7d to 3s 9d (70 lh. to the bushel) ; red wheat, 3s 61 to 3s 81 ; new 2s 21 to 2s 3id, Flour best seconds, per 2401 b., 18s 6,1 ; Bran, 11-1-d to is lid per 20Ib. Prices at the Provision Market were as follows :—Fresh butter, Is 21 and is 41 per lb; fresh eggs,l2 and 13 for ls ; fowls, 43 61 to 5s per couple; ducks, 69 Od ; Eng- lish beef, 51. to 101 ; lamb, 9.1 to Is Id ; mutton, 6d to 9'd; veal, 7d to lid; pork, 61 to 81.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSIC IN THE PARK.

The Volunte;ican-d-Unde;tlti—direction of 3,1 r. Thomas Armstrong gave the fir3t performance of. the season on Sunday afternoon in the Park. For- tunately the weather was fine, and there was a large attendance of the public, who thoroughly ap- preciated the excellent programme which was sub. mittel.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, Single Sheet sft. Sin. by 3ft. Sin. TETE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. JOHN WALKER AND Cu.,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, : '.' 1 ) i . ; 1

===== 0002601_18990407_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
il t 11 i',.. 14 ": Z4i ..If, ' , ' & 1 , * : 11 1 4 \`, ..:-., .1, I It I i!* . !. ' 3., . • I ; 1 -1 '' 11 " 1 1 4 ) 1 i 4'4 ' i . i I

===== 0002601_18990407_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
1 I ' ' 1 , ' . 4 :C. i 4t...14..i •41• ~ 4 , , . 1 a „ , 1 ~) , i 1 i # ' : • , i_ • ii '4'. ' ,:i', . :1: .' ' ' 1 .1! 1 ,I_l - 1 4 t 4. ) 1 i I '4 - ,til i . I-I -::. 1 I t f 4 I, 1 . . , ..f. l' : ' . 1 , .., ' , , 11'," il . i 4, ) ) 1 -). • . 1 .. ' . 'II' ' , , ) ? • )'' . ! . i N , i t • • • i' . . " ' •i -, ~ ''':''' _

===== 0002601_18990407_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

MIN OR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROU(413 POLICE COURT. EATUADAY.—Before Mr. Geddes (chairman), and Messrs. Birchall. R. T. Fairclough and J. W. Hayward. MISCELLANEOUS OFFENCES. —Mary Collins was fined 5s and costs for using obscene laLguage in St. James' street on Thursday night —Charles Rooney, Mary Rooney, Michael Kelly. a soldier. and Andrew McElroy were all fined 55 and Costs for being drunk and disorderly. ASLEEP IN AN EMPTY HousE.—Michael Conley and Catherine Doherty, of no settled abode were charged with having been found sleeping in an empty house in Princes- street. Latchford, on Thursday night —Docherty was also charged with being drunk and diso:derly in Old-road on March 27th —P.S. Bell proved the cases.—Doherty, who made her 3 th appearance, was sent to prison for two months and Conley was committed to gaol for 14 days. MONDA.Y.—Before 'Messrs. John Faircleugh (chairman) and Samuel Wright. A BEGGING HAWKER —Peter Williams was charged with begging in Horsemarket-street on Saturday afternoon.—De- fendant pleaded not gni lty.—P. C. Carter sad he had received complaints of defend, nt asking people tor money. Witness saw him stop a commercial traveller. When he saw witness, he brought some laces from his pocket.—P.C.Baxendale said be had to warn defendant about his conduct during the after- noon.—The Chief Constable said it was an old beggar trick to carry laces.—Defendant was sent to prison for 14 days and an order made that his hawker's license be condemned. ALL THE FAMILY DRUNK.—Bdward Garrity was charged with assaulting his father James Garrity at 3 30 on Saturday afternoon.— James Garrity said he was a slater and resided at Newton's lodging-house Bank-street, and his son resided there until Saturday afternoon. Complainant and his wife had a quarrel and he left the house and returned about 11 o'clock. The quarrel recommenced with his wife and his son Interfered between them and tried to prevent them quarrelling and struck Complainant on the head with a poker. Com- plainant was taken to the Infirmary. The only provocation defendant had received was that he (complainant) had struck his mother —The defendant said his father tore his shirt and cellar off his back and ,had kicked him about the place. Whenever his father got drunk he did the same. He had cause to use the poker as his father was kicking his mother. He admitted they were all drunk.— The Chief Constable said he was a lucky man not to be in the boa for murder or manslaughter through using a poker like the ~ne produced.—The Bench committed him for one month hard labour.

A PERSISTENT THIEF.—John Broderick was charged with stealing from the till of James West, in the Market Place, between 38 and 4s n Saturday. Defendant pleaded guilty.— The Chief Constable said on Saturday afterno as about 5 o'clock the defendant stole a sum of money from the stall of Mr. West, hosier, in the Market Place. A Mr. Halliwell was passing the stall and saw the man inse-t his hand in the till, and seized him accusing him of having stolen from the till. Defend,nt produced Is Id and said that was all he had taken. Mr. Halliwelf put his hind in his pocket and found a further sum of 2s Id. 'The man was allowed to go, but his description was given to the police and he was apprehended that morning.—Prisoner said he had beun teetotal for some time.—Mr. Fairclough : Did being teetotal tempt you to take the money ?—Prisoner : Yes sir (Laughter). The Chief Constable said he was a persistent thief. It was his 14th appearance before the court. He had had 5 years in a reformatory for theft and six months for stealing from the person.—The Chairman said he wa, a disgrace to society and committed him to prison for three months with hard labour. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. Garnett (in the chair) and Mr.

F. rehall.

HER SEVENTH APPEARANCE. WITHIN A TWELVEMONTH.— Margaret Burke, 5. Platt-street. was summonei for having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street at 11.50 on Mon- day night.—Defendant pleaded guiltv.—P C. Clough stated that defends.nt used bad language and said the police were Irish Fenians.—The Chief Constable said defendant had made seven appearances within the past twelve months, and be asked the magistrates to inflict the maximum penalty.— Defendant was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour.

ROWDYISM AT LATCRFORD.—Sarah Quinn, Frank Quinn. and Mary Gleave,residing at 2 Welqe-l-yard,were summoned for having been drunk and disorderly in Old-road. on March 27th.--Qamuel Burdett, 44, Old-road, said that at midnight en the 27th March the noise in Old-road awakened him, and he thought there was a murder. Defendants and others v ere creating a great disturbance, and wwe using bad language The male defendant kicked Gleave. They were under the influence of drink. Evidence in corroboration was riven by the complainant's son.—The Chief Constable said the complaints from the residents of Old-road about rowdy conduct were numerous. It was enough to drive the respectable people from the neighbour- bood.—Defendants were each lined 5s and costs (163.) A GIRL BITTEN BY A DOG.—John Hussy,73, Sharp-street. was summoned for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled on 27th March.- -Margaret Cogan said that ker mother sent her to a shop, and as she was re' urning home through Eharp-street, with aba y in her arms, the defendant's dog came at the back of her and bit her leg, causing it to bleed Defendant was fined 2s 61 and costs. MISCELLANEOUS CASES.—Samuel Sissmith, 152. Orford- lane, was fined 5s for having been drunk in Scotland-road, at 8 p.m. on Monday.—Samuel Warburton, 24, Hind-street. was Sned 5s for using obscene language in Mersey-street on the 26th nit; and Patrick O'Hare 6, Bakehowe-vard, for driv- ing a horse and cart in Bridge-street, at 8 15 p.m. on the eame day without a light was fined 2s Bd.—Richard Monks, 98, Orford-lane was fined is for allowing the chimney of his dwelling-house to fire on March 24th. WEDNESDAY:—Before Mr. Geddes (chairman), and M r Birchen.

OCCASIONAL LICENSE.—Mr. Joseph Shillcock. applied for an occasional liceme to 3.11 At the General Trades and Industrial Exhibition, in Parr Hall, from Aprill.Otn until the 29th.—Granted.

HELPLESSLY DRUNK.—Thomas Smith was charged with being drunk in Bewsev-street the pfevious night.—Bvidence was given that prisoner was lying on the footpath helplesslz drunk. He had a wound under the left eye. Acton his wound was dressed he was locked np —The Chief Constable Paid the man came from the Winwick Asylum.—The Bench Aned him 5s and cests or seven days. AN OBJECTOR TO VACCINATI N.—John Stirling, 51, Winwick-street, applied for an exemption order for his child, He thought there was a great deal of unnecessary suffering about vaccination.—The Chairman: I am afraid you are making a mistake.—Applicant : I don't think so.—The Chairman: You are running a great risk for the public and your child.—A certificate was granted.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.— Before Sir Richard Brooke (presiding) and _ Mr. Henry ItPy, olds. _ _ _

THE POOR RATE.—Mr. William 'Sutton. assistant overseer, applied, on behalf of the Overseers of the Poor for eonfirma- tfou of the rate made by them. The amount of rate was is 4d in the pound to realise £3690 Os 2d.—The rate was signed.

Chadwick. 3, Greek-street, (printer), applied for a certificate of exemption from vaccina- tion in respect of his child Samuel, born on the 15th of 7anuary.—He stated he firmly believed thut vaccination was detrimental to the health of the child. He had a son aged 2 years and 5 months, who, up to the time he was vaccinated. was a healthy child; since undergoing vaccination, however, there was scarcely a month passed but the child was ill.—The Chairman: I think it is very unfair to expose your children to the danger of small-pox. Have you ever seen a bad case of small-pox ?—Applicant stated be failed to believe that vaccination was a preventative.

A QUIET HOLIDAY AT RUNCORN.—Mr. F. Johnson (deputy Clerk to the Bench) said he had great pleasure in informing the Bench that there were no more cases, as people were ex- tremely well behaved for holiday time.--The Chairman: But there might be some cases for next Monday. (laughter.)

===== 0002601_18990407_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
E rArTri 1111, fi • It 4 D 6E3 61213

ANGLER'S PETROLEUM EMULSION is bland. soothing, creamy. Children like it and take it readily when they cannot be induced to take Cod- Liver Oil. A medicine as well as a food, it not only promotes appetite and puts on flesh rapidly but it cures troublesome coughs, heals any internal inflammation, and purifies and enriches the blood. Medical men prescribe it for scrofula, swollen glands, rickets, marasmus, etc.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Ityq r I Petmi au al EMULSION

Of Chemists, 2/9 and 4/6.

CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained from particular wells, and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage. - -

pe Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.

LATCHFORD PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. The Latchford Primitive Methodists held their congregational tea party the other day, when abcut 60 sat down to tea in the schoolroom, linuts- ford-road. After tea an excellent rendering of a beautiful flower service, composed by the Rev. J. Bailey. of Hampstead, London, was given in a manner, which created a marked impression on the bearers. The Rev. C. Pinch, senior circuit minister, presided, and Mr. J. 31as4ey played the organ ac- companiments. The service, which is based on the language of flowers, from a religious stand- point, and consisted of recitations. and sing- ing, was conducted by the following, and the rendering left nothing to be desired : —Misses Mary Cross (wild palms and mixed flowers . ). Annie Mairs (mixed flowers), Jane SummeriNd (daises), Sarah Cook (buttercups), Annie Summerfield (primroses),Florry Shaw (snow- drops). Pbo,!be Leicester (violets),Jane Cross (daffo- dils). Emma Barker (forget-me-nets), Mvggie Mairs (rcses),Alice Wo d (white flowers). Annie Cummins (mixed spring flowers). The usual vote of thanks brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. The Medical Profession recommoni the moderate use of wellmatur d PORT WINE in eases.of Infltienza. W. and A. GILBEY have speciall, selected the finest Wine from Oporto for this purpose and Alms plac.d their 3,000 Agents in a position to supply their Invalid Port at 2s. Ed, per tottle evory to•An —Advt.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CRICKETER 3 ! BUSS EY 'S Demon Driver Bats are the grandest made. BUSSEY'S New &latch Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any other. BUSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. BOSSEY'd Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUS3EY'S Bags are made to wear. BUSS EY'S Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d. Apply for BussEy's Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters. or 36 & 33. Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories: Peck- ham, London; and Elmswelt, Suffolk.—Advt. (3)

===== 0002601_18990407_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOit COMPETITION.

WARRISGTON v. STOCKPORT.

The postponed League match between the above clubs toak place at Eigeley Park, Stockport, on Satur- day, in the presence of about 2,000 spectators. Both teams appeared as selected but neither was at full strength. Fine weather favourel the fixture, and the &id was in good order. Mr. F. Kennedy was the re- feree, and the teams turned out as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Hockenhull, Sid- dall. Isherwood, and Duckworth, threequarters ; Bate and Askurst, half backs ; Taylor, Naylor, Swift, Fair- hurst, Sudlost, Townend, Cunningham, and Morrison, forwards. _ . .

Stockport: Saville, full back; Robinson, Wersley, Sands, and Grange, threequarters ; Booth and Simister, half backs ; Orem, Brimble, Burrows, Garside, Hall- worth, Taylor, Gibson, and Foster, forwards. Bate had his usual good fortune with the spin of the coin and Stockportslayed against the sun and a slight breeze. Garside started, Ashurst putting in a good re- turn to centre. Warrington got the ball out and it travelled across to Hockenhull who missed his kick, but made amends with a neat mark afterwards. Steckport dribbled into the Warrington half, Duckworth stopping the rush. Siddell made a mark in the thick of his op- ponents and gained ground with a useful punt. Then Simister broke away with a rush, and passing to Sands the latter sent on to Robinson, who raced in at the corner and grounded behind the posts. Saville kicked a goal.Hailam bad a kidir charged down the next minute and the ball was with difficulty saved. A good follow up by Duckworth resulted in Saville being tackled at his quarter line. A penaty fell to Ashurst, and he dropped a grand goal from near midfield. A sham pass by Bate caused Warrington to lose ground, the Stockport men being on the Warrington captain instanter. Simister caused apprehension by a vigorous run which too's play to the Warrington line, where a penalty came in useful for the visitors. Taylor missed a pass near the home line and lost the bill in tonch. Warengton attacked, Ashurst throwing a cross to Hockenhull who was nearly in. The pressure of the visitors was maintained, Simister failing to relieve with a kick which sent the ball in touch. Saville mulled on the line but Worsley saved luckily. Then Duckworth got over after passing b 7 Bate and Ashurst, but upset the flag in his effort. Play ruled even to the interval when the score was : Stockport one goal, one try, War- rington, one gcal. Ashurst restarted operations Orem stepphig in touch when catching the ball. Stockport followed up a strong kick, and downed Siddall, who came under the ban of the referee for something, and was sent off the field. Hardly bad play resumed when Worsloy dropped a goal. Warrington rallied at this, and held the homesters in cheek until Hallam was tackled in his own half. Stock- port nearly had another try, one of the forwards going in touch at the corner. Bad fielding of the ball by Grange lost ground for Stockport, Warrington reaching the other end. Hallam tried a drop frirn a penalty, but failed. Poor play on both sides followed. Stockport having slightly the best of matters. Scrummaging took place on. the Warrington line, and Robinson was with difficulty kept out. Warrington cleared and rushed the game to the opposite end, Hocken- hull making a dash 'down touch but b ire; pulled down by Grange. Bate got his head hurt hut pluckily re- sumed with blood running his face. Play continued to be of the most uninteresting character, Saville trying three times to lend a goal from halfway and failing each time. Naar the close Booth made a fine run from the pack and passing at the right moesent t) Sands the latter scored easily in good position. Saville kicked a goal. This was the best bit of play during the afternoou and was deservedly cheered. A chance came Werring- ton's way but Isherwood threw too high for D ickworth nni the ball rolled in touch. Wozkport quickly reached the Warrington line and were pressing when the finish to a poor game came with the score reading: Stockport three gcals, two tries, (12 points) ; Warrington, one goal 1(2 points),

===== 0002601_18990407_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. RUNCORN.

Warrington journeyed to Runcorn on Monday after- corn to play their return League match with the " Linnets." The visitors took a very poor tam. while Runcorn were at full strength. There was a good gate, and the teams lined out as follows : Warrington : Bose full back; Campbell, Siddall, Isherwood, and Harris, three-quarters ' • Ashurst and All?n, half-bicks ; B-Ardman, Taylor, Naylor, Fair- burr, Swift, Morrison. Sudlow, and Cunningham, for- wards.

Runcorn : Houghton, full back; Wilkinson. Warder, J. Butterworth, and C. Butterworth, three-quasters ; Jolley and Faulkner, half backs; Taylor, Walker, Farmer, Hughes, Bettley, Langley, Gayter, and Light- foot, forwards. Ashurst started for Warringbn. Houehton returned b Campbell, who sent to the centre. Runcorn dribbled into the Warrington half, where a rcrimmage ensued. .Faulkner got pm session from the pack, and passed to Butterworth, who ran in a fine try in the first minute, Jolley kicking a goal. Resuming Runcorn attacked ,and got to the Warrington line. Boscow was collared be- fore he could return. Open play followed, and Hough- ton returned to the other half when hard pressed. Faulkner and J. Butterworth got away and the latter paspel to C. Butterworth, who missed the ball. War- rington were forced to defend. A rush by the home forwards took place in the Warrington half. After scrimmaging, J. Faulkner got possession, and dodging ' his opponents, got over cod scared. Jolley improved. Runcorn crntinued to have the best of matter 3, and gained ground by a forward rush. Walker broke away with a fine dribble, and scored. Jolley again landed a goal. Restarting, oren play folio wed. Bos- cow put in a fine kick, and following LIP, again got possession, and rent to, Houghton, who returned the ball w:ta a fine kick. Warrington again got t 3 the Runcorn half, but Houghton st;,pp!'kd a rush ani returned to micifi Id. Scrimmagi::g fol!owed•

Runcorn gradually worked back to the Warrington end, Passing between Butter worth, 13ughes. and J. Butter- worth saw th. latter score a brilliant try under the pasts, which Jolley had no difficulty in improving. Re- starting, some scrummaging took place at centre. Faulkner and Jolley engaged in passing,but a knock on spoiled the chane. J. Butterworth ran forward, and, getting possession, scored under the posts, Jolley again placing a goal. Fran kicks followed to both sides in quick succession, Jolley sending the ball dead. Jolley was now prominent with a neat kick. Boscow put in a fine return to Butterworth, who made an attempt at goal, but the ball rolled on the ground. A moment later, however, Jolley picked up, and dropped a magnificent goal. Half-time: Runcorn 27 points, Warrington nil. In the second half Walker and Wilkinson dcored tries for Runcorn, and Morrison for Warrington. Isherwood kicked a goal. Final: Runcorn. 6 goals, 7 tried (32 points) ; Warrington, 1 goal, 1 try (5 points.) WIDNES v. SWINTON.

These teams met at Widnes, the visitors proving superior to tivir opponent a by 2 goals 2 tries, to 2 soals. Hampson scored two tries far Sgrinton, Batey and Thwn getting the pointi for Widnes. ' ROCHDALE HORNETS v. TYLDESLEY.

Playel at Rochdale, on Monday, More 1,000 specta- tors. The Hornets had all the play in the first half, and Jardine, Field. Every, and Ellis scored tries, and .Rigg kicked two goals Half-time : Hornets 16 points, Tyldesley nil. In the second half the home team again had all the play. Ellis, Hardiker. Field, and Metcalfe scored tries. Field and Rigs kicking goals. Final : Hornets 32 points, Tyldesley nil. BROUGHTON RANGERS WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP. At Wiean, considerable interest was centred on this eneagement, a drawn game or victory giving the visitors the championship. At the start Broughton pressed, but Chapman missed a penalty goal. Sam James crossed with the first try, Nelson placing a goal. Wigan after- wards played better, and Webster had hard lines. Brouzlato... returned, Denson scoring, but Nelson missed. ealf-time—Rangers 11 points, Wigan nil. Lewis reduced the visitors' lead by a clever goal kicked from half way, and further attempts by Robinson and Finney just missed the mark. Final: Broughton Rangers 1 goal 3 tries, Wigan 1 goal.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6,,e • r 4 t! 4'.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
cel

strong, and ati cloth

for Dr. Willi quick, to fi

ad it out

ith zest. Since then I have ailed nothing, absolutely over a year ago. Before that I was never very well for long together. My neuralgia, for which a doctor attended me for over two months, has completely left me.'' Miss Reade continued: " I recom- mended the pills to a sufferer from pleurisy, which came on twice a year and which was always very severe defying medical treatment. Since taking Dr. Williams Pink Pills my friend has been quite free from it. For myself I cannot speak too highly of the pills, for the suffering and pain they have raved me is indescribable. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are friends in-

d'ed. It appears to me that beforo long doctors will have nothing to do, iere the ordinary doctor fails, and people will be

:!,, THE PEACE CRUSADE:_

ile to go to w ing ; and that, rernemb3r, "...,:.,., 11 . :.:::,.i.?.: 1 .... .4R\ '7 :".:-17 , 1 ..:.. \ tom- A 2 .i. 0,, I#i , I . ..::..,:ial.!: 1,. 1 :::::::7,„ 1, a ii _ • , ---../ •:.•-.....,....,..••• S / Ins' Pink" Pills cure w; t

===== 0002601_18990407_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
CUP COIIPETITION.

THIRD ROUND. SALFORD v- ST. HELENS.

Nothing was scored in this match at Salford until the second period, when Phillips (two). Woodhead, and Brown got over, Phillips majlrising twice. Result : Salford, two gods and four tries; St. Helens, nil. EIIINSLET v. CASTLEFORD.

Fully 16,000 people w:tnessed this game" at; Hunslet, the home side winnine by two trials and tour tries to nil. Hannah, W. Goldthorpe and Leach were the try getters, Alb:sr',; Goldchorpa placi,ig the goals. WIDNES V. LEEDS.

Thil mach was played at Widnes, -a good game end- ing in a win for the home club by four goals and one try to one gial and tw_, tries. Bown and Batey were the scorers for Widnes ; Gregg and Lumley crossing the line for Leeds.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
HUDDERSFIELD v. NORMANTON.

A very one-iid-d match t-iolc-place between these teams at Hu,iderstieln, the home side gaining a v;c tory by one goal and seven tries t 3 one goal. Pearson, Pnillips, and Lorriman played well for the winners.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL v. ELLA.ND.

It is understood that Elland, who had the choice of ground, accepted £125 to play this tie at Hull. Toe 7 were soundly defeat,d, Hull scoring thirteen goals and twenty tri.9 (88) points to nil. BROUGH TON RANGERS v. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH.

Brought.3n was the venue of this match, a close tight ending the visitors' favor by two goals and one try to two tries. Walker and Knight slored for the viiitors. Barrett and Daum ottained the Hangers' tries.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGiI V. BATLEY'.

At half-time the score at Lvigh was level, with two tries each. Afterwards tie home team added t 3 their total, and won by two goals and four trios to two trios.

BRADFOAD V. OLDFIAII.

A crowd or 15,000 aisembl ‘d at Park-Avenue to view this game. Tne visitors were much the stronger, and finally won by four gals and 'lvo tries to one try. Williams and Lees were prominent tor the winners.

LANCASHIRE " A" TEAMS COMPETITION. WARRINGTON " A " v. STOCKPORT "A."

These teams me-. on Saturday at Wilderspeol before only a fair numoer of spectators. The teams were corn- posed as follows :—Warriugton : .Boseow, full back ; Moores, Harris. Holcrort, and Campbell, tnree-quarters ; Allen and LAWI3SI, it-Of-backs ; ampson, Dakin, Jolley, WUcick, Hatton, Siravun, F)reter, and Williams, for- ward?. Stcckport : Murdock, full back; Houghton, Hampeon,Chorltou,and Travers, three-quarters; Bettamy and Norton, half-backs; Mottershead, Glynn, O'Brien, Lott, Hagu., Pearce, Marsden, and Yate3, forwards. Warrington played against the "wind, and forced the game fram the start but were unable to get anything tangible until just before half-time when a forward ruili ended in Dak;n scoring, and Holcroft kicked a goal. On the resumption of hostilities, with the wind in their favour, the homesters had matters all their own way. Forster scored two tries, Lawle.s one, Moores one, and Campbell one, and Holcroft kicked two more goals, the game concluding leaving Warrington easy winners by 2 goals, 6 tries (24 points) to nil.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. RUNCORN.

On Easter Monday on the Wilderspool enclosure War- rington played their last game in this competition, and a3alost Rnneorn. There was a fair "gate." The teams turned out as follows :—Warrington : Moores, full- back ; Forster, Lawless, Wood, and Pendlebury, three- quarters ; Smith and Feder], half-backs ; Mason, Dakin, Eden, Hatton, Townend, Jolley, Wilcock, and Skelhorn, forwards. Runcorn : Wakefield, full-back; Fester,Mos- ton, Hailwood and Messenger. three-quarters; Findlow and Kenyon. half-tucks ; Bettley, Norton, Hedgcock, Higgins, %Villein, Barker, Kennion, and Fauikner, for- wards. Runcorn kicked off and Forster returned the ball going into touch. The homesters assumed the aggressive and took play into their Opponents' half, but play was quickly trans- ferred to the home quarters. Lawless started a fine passing movement but Forster faiied to gather, and thelball went into touch. After tone pass- ing between Fodea and Smith the former crossed the line. MP,s.?on failed at the kick for goal. I'Lly cont nued in the Runcorn end for some time until Fortter received

from Smith and reghtered another try. Lawless failed to improve. Tne latter player made a mark which aainel some ground, and Mason failed to score fr ma a free kick shortly after, though in a favourable position. Forster accepted a pass from Lawless and crossed the line, but the pass was obviously forward, and when the interval came Warrington were leading by six points to nil. The homestera promptly invaded the Runcarn terri- tory on the resumption of the game, and Pendlebury was conspicuous with good pay. Runcorn were calltd upon to defend their line. Foden transferred to Lawless who got over easily. No goal resulted. Law- less was prominent and Moores stopped a rush in excel- lent style, play se3ling in the visitors' quarters. Good passing by the home backs took play well in front of the Runcorn line, and a little later Dakin grounded over the line, but failed at the kick for goal. Runcorn attacked for a brief spell, but Warrington had them well in hand when " time" came with the result:—Warring- ton, 4 tries (12 vints) ; Runcorn, nil.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF THE NOR fHERN UNION.

Mt a m.-e:ing id Manchester on Tuesday night,Wrik:ht of Bradfid, was suspended for a month for kicking. Brighouse were allowed £2 2s 6J for expenses over their protezt against Castleford. Hunslet were fined 118 for a late start. The venues for the semi-final ties of the cup were fixed :—Hull or Hunslet v Salford or Hudders• field, at Park-avenue, Bradford ; Oldham or Widnes se Leeds Parish Church or Leigh, at Broughton Rangers' ground. A special meeting of the committee will be held on Monday, April 17, tl fix the venue of the final tie. The Castleford case came up for consideration, but that club not being represented, the matter was post- poned until April 17. Players Brady and Smart are to remain under their suspension, and the matter will be definitely dealt with on that date whether Castleford at- tend or not. Mr. Fattorini, Manninghani, gave notice of motion that he will at the next meeting raise the point of playing the final tie to a finish in the event ef a draw. An application from Swinton to play matches on the Barton ground during their suspension, which extends to the end of October next, was refused.

WEDDING AT WYCLIFFE CHURCH. HARRINGTON—J EFFERY. At, noon on Friday a large congregation gathered in Wycliff,! Church to witness the marriage of Miss Arnie Ethel Jeffery, third daughter of Mr. William Jeffery, of Padgate-lane, to Mr. John Charles Har- rington, eldest son of Mr. J.L.Harrington,of Spring- field, Padgate. The bride was handsomely attired in Duchesse satin trimmed with chiffon and pearls, and also wore a veil and wreath of orange blossoms. Sae was attended by three bridesmaids, Mica Edith Mabel Jefbry (youngest sister),Miss E. J. Andrews, and MIS 3 Elsie M. Winskill. The bridesmaids were gold bangles and carried bouquets and a basket of flowers, the gift of the bridegroom. The duties of best man were discharged by Mr. F. L.Harrington (brother of the bridegroom) and he was assisted by Mr. Robert Woods, aroomsman. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. John Yonge. Appropriate voluntaries were played on the organ by Mr. W. H. Payton, and as the I newly married couple left the church he played Mendel- -1 issohn's "Wedding March." A reception was afterwards held at the Masonic Hall when about 40 guests were prs mt. The bride and bridegroom afterwards departed for Morecambe where the honeymoon is being spent. They were the recipients of a large number of choice wedding gifts. Last night a dance was held at the Masonic Hall, in celebration of the event,when about 80 persons were present. Mr. H. F. Greenough supplied the carriages and personally superintended the arrange- ments. The following is a list of the presents; Bridegroom to Bride. Opal Brooch Bride to Bridegroom, aleevelinks Mr W Jeffery, household linen Mrs W Jeffery. cutlery Miss Edith Jeffery, silver spoons Misses Spencer (Manchester). workbasket Mr end Mrs J W Jeffery, fender and irons Mr and Mrs S W Jeffery, hall mats Master Eric Jeffery. looking glass Master Sydney Jeffery, brush and comb case Mr an i Mrs P T Wiriskill, household brushes, eta Miss E M Winskill, silver basket Mr and Mrs J L Harrington, wringing machine Mr Fred Harrington and Miss Ashail, dining room curb Mr It J Harrington, paste board. Miss Harrington (Dublin). serviettes Misses Doran (A rdee) Irish lace table centre Mr and Mrs J Albinson, tubs and quilt Mr and Ms J Strange, dining room clock Mas W Richardson, copper kettle Mr W H Payton, table cioths Miss Andrews (Paiigate). set of d'oyleys Miss J Andrews. occasional chair Mr John Andrews. tea and coffee Miss Eleanor Wilcox, oak crumb brush and tray Miss:Maggie Wallingt,n. fruit dish and salt cellars Miss N Howard. plant put Miss Thionapwn, dress case Miss G Jewkes, net dress case and bag Miss L Cox, tablecloth , Mrs Gibson, cake stand and mat Mr and Mrs A it Rathbone, barometer Mr and Mrs Reid. vases Miss M Braudwood, celery glass Miss Mehartv, eider down quilt Miss Lizzie McLarty, Mr Harry Clayton, silver jam dish Mr and Mrs It Mann, silver butter disk and pin cushion Mr Parry Boo'h. palm Mr J IV Brayshaw, Miss E Mounfield, velvet pile table cloth Mr Arth, r Brayshaw, brass crumb tray and brush Miss B Chester, photo frames Miss Shawe.sugar spoon and pickle fork Mrs W P Morley, toilet mats Mrs Appleton. teapot Miss M Apleton, pickle jars Mr Cliffs spoons Miss A B Garner, silver buttonhook Miss V M layior. curtain straps Mr Fred Damtith, pasteboard roller and apostle spoons Mrs Hughes, set of jugs Mr IV Dilworth, sec of carvers Mr and Mrs B Lunt. silver butter dish Mr it Woods, damask tablecloth Mr S Hassal, cruet Mrs Ashton, 'lilt Walter Ashton, damask table cloth Miss P Booth, Mr A E Longshaw, fruit dish Officers. Teachers and select class of Padgate Wesleyan School, barometer Mr It H Pearson and members of Padgate Orchestral Band chie.a and silver biscuit barrel

To WiontEas.—Mrs. Winslows Scothing Syrup has been use,' over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve th poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it pro duce l .natural quiet sieen. by relieving the child from pain and ki Jttte clt-rub fovalcs as bright as a button." Oi a !L. P,!.;.. pel• bottio". • ...:!fvt.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER THE CONVENTION.

WHAT lIAS BEEN DOI`.TE,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DY W. T. STEAD.

The National Convention and the huge miming,* ting meeting at the Queen's Hall are over, and are already but a memory—though a memory which most of those who were present will retain to the end of their lives. Never before has there been held a gathering similar to that in St. Martin's Town Hall, where congregated the delegates from two hundred town's meetings held throughout England, Scotland, and Wales. They were no more than some seven hundred strong—far fewer than at the initiation of this Crusade we had hoped they would be.

"To carve thy fullest thought, what though Time was not granted.? Thy great design shall stand." The words of Lowell come so aptly and pointedly that they might have been written purposely for the encouragement of the workers of the Crusade, who have spent themselves without thought of their. own convenience, and who at the end see unaccom- plished the aims with which they set forth on their three months of ceaseless toil.

Pessimism has temporarily seized some of those who have striven hard during many weeks, and now see so little tangible restilt. Yet neither pessimism nor disappointment was the dominant note of the Convention, but rather a feeling of splendid hope- fulness.. Perhaps that was, in some measure, due to the fact that the larger proportion of those present were from the provinces, where from the beginning the appreciation of what the Czar's Re.script may accomplish has been keener than in the metropolis, and where the enthusiasm for peace is far more real and earnest, and goes far deeper. From the opening to its close the Convention went with a swing. There was rather an embarrass- ment of riches in the way of speakers, and had it not been for the splendid tact and genial courtesy of the Earl of Aherdeen the Convention might have been rrolonged to the evening. As it was, the Convention lasted exactly for the two horits and ten minutes which was fixed beforehand as its natural limit, and in that time the whole of the resolutions were enthusiastically agreed to. After leaving the arrangements for the presenta- tion of the national and international memorials in the hands of the General Committee of the Crusade, the most important resolution come to by the Con- vention was that proposed by Canon Rawnsley, in a speech poetical and fervid, as are all his public utterances. The motion was not on the programme as drafted. Here are its terms: "That the local committees formed in various parts of the country in connection with this Crusade be urged to keep their organisation in existence, and that before the International Crusade of Peace is finally dissolved a special meeting of the General Committee should be convened to consider Mr. Stead's proposal for an extended and permanent organisation." That motion is the basis for a fresh start. When acted upon, it will ensure that no tittle of the effort which has been made during three strenuous months will be wasted.

In whatever the General Committee may decide to do for the future, there must be no interference with the existing peace and arbitration societies, which have from the beginning thrown themselves into the task of forwarding the Czar's efforts with commendable zeal and self-denial. Through many dark years, when the horizon has been unstreaked by one ray of light heralding the coming dawn, earnest and devoted men have laboured on, hoping against hope that sooner or later they will win the world to their views. They have been the evangelists of the Peace movement. By indomitable perseverance, they have smoothed the way over which the nations must eventually travel. It would be a thousand pities if anything which was now done should ignore the workers in the past, os should deprive them of one iota of the credit to which they are entitled.

.01uch may be achieved without trespassing on the ground already covered. God knows there is sufficient of the barren, arid, and sun-dried desert to cultivate without our venturing into the few patches of green which dot the landscape. We must strive to gradually enlarge the area of the tilled ground. For that purpose, we have in our hands the strings of a rough-and-ready organisation. In almost every town where a meeting has been hcld a committee has been formed. That com- znittee, in each case, contains earnest believers in the new gospel of the Czar. About this nucleus may grow up a strong society, doing all in its power to spread the doctrine of international friendliness and the brotherhood of man. In this way, the existing organisations may be reinforced and aided without being interfered with. The General Committee has other work before it. The National Convention left to the members of that body the arrangements for the presentation of the two memorials. Even with that task out of the vvey, much remains to be done. The International Conference at The Hague does not assemble until. May 18th. Between then and now, there must be the gathering of the harvest. We have, so far, accomplished little but the sowing of the seed. It remains to garner the abundant crop springing from the corn which fell upon fertile ground. A. small deputation gathering at The Hague during the sittings of the Peace Congress might be able to accomplish much by judicious advice wisely tendered. The possibility of sending such a. delegation of Peace experts will have to be con- sidered by the committee. Obviously, with so much work lying ready to its hand, the General Committee cannot think of dis- solving at the present time. The o,rganisation of the opinion of this country may be ' complete, but much more than this is wanted. The committee will not disperse until after the Powers have assembled through their representatives and come to some decision, good or evil, upon the Czar's pro- posals. Before the final separation, the accounts of the Crusade will be carefully audited by profes- sional accountants, and every man or woman who has contributed so much as one penny to the Crusade will receive a full account of the expendi- ture of the whole of the money. The amount is not so great as it should have been. Probably never before has so much been accomplished with resources so inadequate. Most of the newspapers spoke of the fine demon- stration at the Queen's Hall as the culminating gathering of the Crusade. I have myself adopted the phrase in this letter. Nevertheless the Crusade is not at an end. Several meetings have been held this week. Others are arranged for. These, how- ever, have not been organised by the General Committee. They are running independently of the central organisation, and are in themselves an evidence of the depth to which the feeling in favour of Peace has penetrated, apart altogether from any exertions made by the Crusade itself. With the present week the organ of the Crusade comes to an end. War Against War has been an absolutely unique publication. Other movements have had their news-sheets, but in no previous instance has a fully organised weekly paper been started for so short a period. The contributors have been brilliant men in literature and art, and the whole series of twelve numbers forms a unique and complete record of what will be an historic effort.

Now that the time has come to drop my pen it is well to ask, What has the Crusade accomplished All that we dreamt has not been realised. Even on the Continent, however, we have demonstrated that in every country where there is a publio opinion at all voices raised in protest against the huge burden of militarism rouse a wide responsive echo. In England we have proved that wherever men and women can be got together to discuss the great issues which lie at the bottom of the Czar's Itescript they speak with one voice in behalf of a Peace between nations and a drawing closer of the bonds which unite all peoples, whatever their differences of tongue, of colour, or of blood. It may be that the movement thus inaugurated will have its set-backs and its halts. At times its pulse may almost cease to beat; but sooner or later its principles will be the chief determining Cause in the policy of nations, • -

===== 0002601_18990407_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

E 43p ~E,

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

, 'SX :k.5147

3R2TAKFAST AND SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
"Where the plain oil failed, Scott's Emulsion succeeded."

~,,..„,,,_,.. ..,. - -..:-,---.--- ---A..,:- *. A-.,r,-,:;.-4..-,-"Jfe-,-;•,.. . ..,i t'..7 ~...40:07..,'•; ~,,,fl.; • , •< .t,,,,,;::•:,,,,,r;n..-:,., -..4,44.6._ ~- ,t:-..,0f,i,...,'; ;',3pv,„•,.az-,:,-.tiz., -? ~ ~,e,:ier„, •:: 3-....- -- ••••• • --',.:.,..-::•:::::::.--&,„... •,,:eu,,V.f",;"' ''**,-•-..-•,-- ." . ...: , • 'ittit.:4".l%," ."''''..::;:,...,: :::: -•.:....-;....,,,-;::: .. -:,-.1,i,:-..,,....:,:_,. yi•ls," 'l, ,4ii,l.7y6v^',: ' ' :-.•;' 77-1' •.;..,c' '-' , • - '•.. •, - -•••ii, - v',, -=-r • t.,,i,v0,. " ''';, ,',;-- •4, - ;...Aff . ....:-.!—'-;2-0-'-''''4N 4,t'*31,-?;-•:::: 'o;'7'•;"4*';'-;.. V.M.--. --lai .......• ...-' --; .1:4*.c.•-.';':=:-,r.. -:-.*-,------ . H.: • - .-"-:. ~: j- -..t.44. :..: •.'.."--...... ,--.--..: '---7. -. .. . . ..,..-::::.... .- k,!..',...—` ' r.4'..i ~:::',..,....,:j.. •. .' ... i,..-,--E----...i,77,. .. = -.. ...•., :.::.::ii7.' :-.... . ... -..::........:.-...::,......;,:::-..-.: : -...--. ;', "),:•:•:••:.,.... :..,,::___,„::.,i;:...F.E--.1..,;::. ..,,,-.'----,, '''.'t :', •ji':i:.i::.:::.i.iiii.iii:i::::. , '...:•••::\''''''........:::.:::.:-.' - ' 1: '';•••::::.'''''-- '.: r•._,:' ''''';'' 'Zi.-:.::::;ii',ii.:.'i:.iiiiiiiiiiviiiiii.r.:.. . • ~-..:::-.•:::•......:.....•.:.::;:::::::•:;:•,,::::...:•..:,,:,:.....,....'.........'.... '\4: i-P4,,„.*:,:i?,,, .i- , 11..*i.:„,,,„;1'. eI i •::::i:i;:::.:.. . •:-.:::::::::::::::.:::::..V.:\,..,\:,\\*•,*.aN...,............ , '''' `..ifik, ••,‘`'sg,i..'.= .40' •',.. 1 1, ',llqiiiii ......:,:..:::::::.:•:•:•:•;:" W.l„',.' div.,'",.14,,,kik: ,--‘;' '''-4:,',,t11.; II bieli.:.,•::::' ...:::::.:::.,:i:-.......1::.*:::::::§:'::'" \\ ' `-;z-l• ' ...4„St' ' ',.- i., -I:i.",:t .=.- ... ....::'.-- 1 I *iii...,...,:' ..., ~::::::::.::::::::.:::::;:•:,'. . ~. tra,„ ' .:::'11" ,'41.il I I / i '''. ' . ...'..:..:.....:•:,..:*1 ~..,,,,,_•,,-,,,• ~ , ~,... 1._,.:, ,r,;,,,,.,.,v„... ~ ....:::::::::::::::A :§,,1.. ' ,A..-,-.4. ..--, -. ---,.:7 "., • ' ,I'4'." -•at ' .i.;:.;' 40.44' '',r4'lJ ' ~•,..i „.1 /'( ;;C:::':::::" c.„„•,,f,......„., 1,...,,,,r,fi.,, ~,,, ~ii 4 \:.:-.::.:-....... -.• ../..,'..::: ,; -;::::*Spo,,,-- . 4,5 ..„..,,,./.4,2,,,,,, 4,,, A. „4,•,,..?;., ~:..7,4,,,,,,,,0;!„ f/ 1, ~ . , • :4\ . XI, ' ~,.,.4., ...,,?.... i; i. ~- , ~,7-, .. - - . 4, kiii• tr 1 1 . 'fio.A. 4 , ar el, 4 4,4 ~. • y \ V,,, '4%, ,il,:i . . ....V , 4,:„.....„,f....,:f ttr„F..„-::,,,,,ty,. ,•_. ~4...!, A . 4%1;4! hirb,) , 114 , \ ~<.,,,,N. ''''-------.-Py.,,,,,i14,:::1,7":" ''' .;'''F'4,' ." :' <VW/ jf <'l • , I,:' .•':•.,\ ,''' . ... <atziz.• ..r", ,'" ~,,,,' ~ V"' ~ , ,(04' , - # ..-.......,•,\!1 ~, ..,, - Ne. `•••\. ,•--:: ,',l, .f.- ~..-,,..,;75:5:;r.1., ,f.', -; , •-''-gkvinf 1.:::. ~...... -'''• .... 7 14,-.',...,.,,5j,,-',-..-4?"4:f., ....,:4141a:,.0f,-!,, //0 iii::::::.!. ~........A , .'",:::::,:, . .k‘-:- ''',.‘,-:-...‘ ----N,,,,-- //d, i/- 'A- ''":•••••••• ~.::::, \ _ . ~.,.„-. ,-., i ~., e ....k•-•11,1: :. k":',..',.::. . ... • \ \ \ \ / ' /.(../ .4',4, .%?,:::::::::::::•::.:ii!' if \ • •;::::::::::::.;•,.::::::::: .\ ' ~‘,.•-•,„,,,,,,,., , ,e, /A( / „7.7..,,,..,..::::::•:.:.::.14::p..........: : ~-,7 . - •••.•;•:.::::::,.:?. -...*....;:::*. \ \\;',„,;,, ~ // 4...e,.•:-.1.,•.:.:?..:.;:::::::.::::.....'•',•;,:,...:•:•: • ' . •:: 5.....::;;:-:-)..i:,::,,,, \ ''.\'. - /,',.':',':',.;:;:::•;..:::::•::•••,.''...":.'. ':. • , ~. : ...::::•4::::::•...::?••••••=.::::•:::::.::::.),,,:-.f.t.:;;;,.....;.t.;:::.ft,:;;i.::::-:"."- .• :.• . . • - • • • ... „

===== 0002601_18990407_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. d. F. SPANNER.

It is easy for us to explain the important truth revealed in the letter to which we invite your special attention. The important point of this letter is the superiority of Scott's Emulsicn over plain cod-liver oil. We fled this oil in Scott's Emulsion broken up and made into a form requiring almost no digestive effort, it is a great thing to make cod-liver oil palatable and easy for digestion, as is proved by the following letter : "13, AU Saints' Street, Landpart, Poitsmouta, September 24th, 1898.

Dear Sirs,—lt is with deep gratitude that I write thanking you for your valuable preparation, Scott's Emulsion. I can truly say it has been remarkable in my case. Being advised by one of the most eminent physicians of the town to try it, I did to, and I am thankful to say it was with most bene- ficial results. I rapidly improved in strength and vigour. I have been a great sufferer from bronchi- tis and emphysema. I tried cod-liver oil but my system was too weak and I could not keep it down, but as soon as I began your valuable preparation, from the first I felt its beneficial results, and where the plain oil failed, Scott's Emulsion succeeded.

Again thankieg you,

"I remain, dear sirs, yours sincerely,

" (oiened), J. F. SieTNNER."" We find in the feregoing letter an experience which is quite a familiar one and which cannot be repeated too often. 8o many people seem to think it necessary to burden their digestive organs with plain cod-liver oil, and consequently (hay ara abso- lutely unable to derive the benefits of its wonderful mr dicinal properties. In Seett's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil in a form ready for quick absorption. The oil in Scott's Emulsion is combined with glycerine and hypophosphitee, arid its potency is in- creased many times. Scott's Emulsion is extremely beneficial in all affections of throat and lungs, and wherever there is any indication of wasting of flesh and strength. It is pr!seribed by physicians for bronchitis, consumption, coughs,and colds,antemia, scrofula, rickets, marasmus,and wasting diseases of children. It restores vitality and strength without taxing the system.

You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95,Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C., and mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

Trios were also given by Miss Ada and Ikelasters John and Percy Grounds whilst capital recitations were given by Misses Winifred Jones, B. Louie, and Mr Georee Whitefield. A sh.rt dialogue was given by Misses Lucy Marsh and Jane Houghton. The interest of the meeting however was centred in a speaking com- petition, which had been arranged, under the direction of the London United Temperance Committee, who pre- sented to the successful speaker a solid silver medal of beautiful design. There were ten competitors, all over 14 years of age, seven boys and three girls. The subject on which they bad to speak was "Why lam an ab- stainer," and they were not to go. beyond ten minutes limit. It is pleasing to report that each of the youthful speakers acquitted themselves very creditably and ad- vanced sound and solid reasons why they were abstainers hut the adjudicators, who were the Rev. W. Potts, J. Miller and A. H. Dunn were unanimous in awarding the medal to Master Bradford ,Kenworthy, and the second place to Sarah Jane Worrell to. whom was presented a book on behalt of the Warrington and District Band of Hope Union. Such satisfaction was expressed with the addresses of the other speakers that Mr. E. L. Jones preseeted each with a userul silver medal in the shape of a sixpence. Master G. A. Whitefield was also pre- sented with a book for good service during the sessions. Votes of thanks heartily given brought a successful meeting and a successful session to a close.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

THE KINGDOM OF GOD.

The subject of the lecture on Sunday in the Christa- delphian Room by. Mr. Finch of Wigan, was, as adver- tised "The Gospel of the Kingdom of God as prea:hed by Christ and the Apostles." The lecturer stated, that the subject they bad for consideration was of vital moment,for it dealt with the life mission of Jesus Christ. They would find on referring to Mark 1 and 14, that Christ commenced his public life by" preaching the gospel of the Kingdom of God; and this preaching con- tinued until he left the earth, his last command before being received up into heaven was to his disciples,whotn he told to "preach the Gospel" Mark 16 and 15. This work was continued after the death of Christ in accord- ance with the command. In Acts 19 and 8 was one of many instances which might be quoted,where they were informed that Paul " spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concern- ing the Kingdom of God." Christ and his disciples laid down their lives, and the Gospel was sent forth through a sea of blood. Belief of the Gospel according to the scriptures was the only thing required to obtain salvation. This comprehended an acceptance of what he did, and obedience to His commands, for " the wcrd that I have spoken" said Christ," the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12 and 48. The message which Christ was sent with was "Preach the Kingdom of God," Luke 4 and 43, or" the Gospel "for this was the good news which Christ came to proclaim. This gospel was the power af God to salvation to every one that believeth, but they must discriminate hetween the gospel preached by Christ and the Apostles, and another gospel which was preached to day which had reference to the death and resurrection of Christ, an event which the disciples who were :Teachers of the gospel, did not andel stand Mark 9 and 32 and Luke 18 and 34 &c. People to-day made a pro- fession of belief in the Messenger, "Christ" but they did dot believe the message which God sent him to deliver. Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, were the words of Christ. and it was as necessary to do that now, as when the words were uttered, for a belief of the gospel was an absolute necessity if they were to have a future life. If the gospel be hid it is hid to them that Are lost,were the words of Paul and the lot of those who were lost would he to remain for ever in the congrega- tion of the dead. If they desired to have any part in t e good time coming when the Kinedom of God would be set up in the earth, it was absolutely necessary for them to render present obedience. It was useless for them to follow a way of man's devising, and he asked them to reject everything which was in opposition to the gospel for ‘the world by wisdom knew not Gorand "it pleased God by the fooli3hness of preaching to save them hat believe."

===== 0002601_18990407_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.

On Sunday the offertories at the above church were as arranged at the previous Easter vestry meeting, given o the Rev H V Pigot, who has accepted the living of Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath. There was a large --:ongregation at the morning service, when the preacher was the Rev H A Lister, who, at the close of his dis- courre, alluded to Mr. Pigot's forthcoming departure. In making an earnest appeal for a large collection he pointed out that the living of St. Paul's was not a large one ; many men working at the forges in Warrington had a better net income. The highly efficient state of St. Paul's Parochial Schools, the restored condition of the church, and a large and flourishing branch of the U.F.S. spoke of thenvelyee, and their offerings, therefore should be worthy of that unique occasion. The RbV H Gitson Smith. of Halewood, was the evening preacher. Toe offertories for the day amoonted to the handsome sum of £43 lOs 81.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

HILL CLIFFE & STOCKTON HEATH UNITED BAND OF Here.—This flourishing society held its annual tea and entertainment, in closing the winter's work on Monday, in Providence Chapel, Stockton Heath. Tea was pro- e:ded in the schoolroom in the afternoon and about 150 members and friends enjoyed a good and ample spread the tables being • in cuarge of ladies from the three churches in connection wfth the Bard of Hope, viz: UU Cliffe Baptipt, Ebenezer Wesleyan, and Providence Independent Methodist. The public meeting and enttr- tainment was held in the chapel, which was filled to everflowing,there being many more at the meeting than at down to tea. The chair was occupied by the presid- ent of the society, Rev. J. S. flughes,who was supported by the Rev. W. Potts, Warrington,Messrs George White- field, A H Dunn, E Lloyd Jones See. There was an ex- cellent and lengthy programme. The Chairman offered a few words of welcome. The secretary, Mr. George Whitefield presented an encouraging report and appealed for lady helpers and the Rev W Potts gave an interesting and practical address. Sengs were given by Miss Emily Taylor and Mrs. John Fairhurst, whilst there was quite an orchestra of instrumentalists. Master George Arthur Whitefigld gave an auto-harp solo. Selections on the mandoline, violin, and piano were given by the Misses E. M., and: A. Winstanley from Lyrnm in superior style. Vieliriselos were also given by M•isters Arthur Dunn and Jo.:eph Houghton whilst Master Harry Davenport favoured the assembly with a clationet solo.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING FATALftY ON THE SHIP

CANAL.

A COAL TRIMMER SUFFOCATED AT WALTON, On Tnursdav last week, at the Stag Inn, Walton, Mr. Woreley held an inquiry touching the death of George Webster, coal trimmer, who resided at Walton Inferior, and who was killed on Tuesday morning. Mr. John Whitfield, shipping azent, was present on behalf of Messrs. Richard Evans and Company, and Captain Waring represented the Ship Canal Company. Thomas Dunn, ot Moore, said he was a coal-trimmer at the Walton lay-bye. The steamer " Halstead " was coaling there on the 28th inst. The coal was, tipped into the ship with buckets with false bottoms. The coal fell into the boat in a wide form at the bottom and narrow at the top and the trimmers below had to level it. Witness rusd deceased were putting the air pipe on, standing on the coal at the top meanwhile, when the coal suddenly went down the hatchway. De.• ceased sipped with the coal and was buried under it. Witness also slipped but gripped a bit of rope attached to the ventilator and held himself up. He tried to save the deceased. Witness heard deceased call to the man below to get the c)al away. It was two hours before they got him out and he was dead. By Mr. Whitfield : There was room to have stood upon the after part of the ventlator where they would have been in safety. Peter Bodell, foreman of the men, said when he went down the hold, he saw one leg under bunker. He gave orders that the coal was to be moved from the shoot. The man was standing on the crown of the coal and he must wit have given a thought about the coal giving way so fast. Deceased was an experienced man. He believed he was smothered.

The jury returned a verdict that the deceased waS accieleutally emothercd by the fall of coal.

SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN BOWLING CLUB. This Club commenced the season on April lat. The green, which is situated near Lovely-lane, was opened by Mr. Dauber, of Port Sunlight, who performed the c?remony in the usual way,and made some suitable remarks. The Committee are looking forward to a successful season. as the green is in excellent condition, the list of matches interesting, and the members enthusiastic.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ilt>d,... ir '\. , .

===== 0002601_18990407_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
...........................................2--, PUNCTURES ; will never trouble you if your Pneumatic Tyres are fitted with the mn PATENT A SELF-SEALING AIR TOES , The only ' Comple , d Successful Puncture R provecthyal,olm 'ireirs'expelence. Remedy as 4 0 Supplied by all Cycle Agents. Write for Pamphlet (free) to— 1 i The SELF-SEALING AIR CHAMBER Co., Ltd., r GRANVILLE STREET, BIRMINGHAM.

BETS GOVERNMENT BELL TENTS ! I Originally cost £6; off ,r selected at 30s. each.Caela

with order, 45ft. o I r cumference. 10ft high. Have only been used a abort time by H. M. Govern- ment ; eultable fo r Camping ut. Gardena rioket grounds,

cennis Lawns, e- Complete with po a, peg, lines, mallet, and tent hag' supplied to Buo,dngbam Palace,—Apply ANDREW °I7R, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton, also manu- facturer of Marquees, garden and all other kinds of Tents Or Bale or Hire, Catilogues and Rstimates free on APPlication&

.'; • ;. ,

d; ‘,—eied at 255. each ; ol fil t . ~ • , ...0,:d4- 4 ------,-:-. .-4-.L,.•:?,,zi .

it" - . t; • • ' •

===== 0002601_18990407_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
~.., , L , ~,.4-.... . , - -.,. ~.„ f.. . ....- -'4 • - ',,A . 4 -Nif tg, 4,-.. • .....,,,,..1-.- '' • ~.. - --. .4) ..''• ' - ." ''' 1 [..a„,k4 • 44*, ;TA- '• .. 41, _ •i ' •A:rtA dli44 7,4,:5,' 4th , ..., •It,'+.•A .... v .. • ~, . ~,'- ,0- ;:rAftf- *- '„i. , •:, ~,,,,,, .-4,i4.. '-‘4..r,'' 4 l' ... - - ..,i'e4 'At' . •A 0 Irt:',.' ' ••k, •, '' b>...`

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18990407_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and b p.m.

4.30 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *The are Telegraph Offices also

9-55 %.111. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

WILL Born— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bdge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwooti (Providence Place)

10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 P.m. 9-30 am] tnd 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. aud 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.rn Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Hark town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the earn time as letters.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Laneishire, Yorksi.ire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire. Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, outhport PrPscot, Wigan, Orms- rlc Wi di, to • & Earlesi ovrn London, Foreign, and the South tildiand Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

Chester • •• • .... •• Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.. Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton; & Chester ...... London and Foreign, South, S.- 'Eastern, Midi-nd, Northern, Hastern Couuti(•e, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London fic. Foreign, South, and 6 - Eastern Counties

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. 7-U a.m.

7 • a.m.

10-45 ;:

}ll-4b 1. 12-0

k 2-15 p.m.

11-30 a.m

2-1 .. 1 3-15.,

3-15 m.

5-30 p.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ki itA RI

WHO ARE

, .1.1 DI 4 11/

= • \.,. , 4 ".?‘"4b. .711", , . • . oik • It;• Air „7„."•, , r . At 4 • .04,7 , rt Saial a; -PP MOW

123. SAIIKEY 8T.3 & 73 MANCHES7,Za RoAD (CNosite school Brow) VIAP.Ri NGTO N

===== 0002601_18990407_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.

.:Z/Sto.,:ll%L.‘,lk.Nak.‘lb,:grk:ot.,..atek:

~,!t5Atenb".44011*,..414.,:th,V1N,"16,A1116,.‘L 41f2a-4111SaNlia-41.....1167.

gortdor..-Torii

PRINCESS'S OPINION OF

===== 0002601_18990407_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
~ .

--/IN,

•

THE GEO, R. SIMS' HAIR RESTORER.

:...f.,.f::. ---,Fik.07.- zy.,,

BELVEDERE HOTEL,

S. KENSINGTON.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
GENTLEMEN,

I have much pleasure in stating that I consider "TATcHo" .an invaluable preparation for promoting the gro4th of the Hair and preventing it falling out. Havin nce tried it, I would not be without it now on any account.

I am, Gentlemen,

Yours faithfully,

EUGENIE CRISTOFOROS-PALIEOLOGUE.

"TATCHO," the Geo. R. Sims Hair 'Restorer, can be obtained of all Chemists and Hairdressers at 2/9 and 5/-, or pest free on receipt of P. 0.0. for 3/- or 5/4, from the Manufacturers,

The GEO. R. SIMS' HAIR RESTORER, Ltd., 1, Farringdon Avenue, E.C.

)1% -401. :so"l4ll:"NieNl4l4•".k.•'fteNew`4l.?`l.4leNktze`ftevreNvieNee',Nee

• ",Ix7"*,. ;- 11;-‘ 11§1•144: ;:•"' -

===== 0002601_18990407_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
/.6 #.6 •

00 0/ il?

,„,,,.,0,.,„,..,..„,„...,,,,,..; ~.... ....„?...„..... -'-'...,,,,-3:,: „..,-,',,,,'..y.;„.;... . ..,....i.„ ..,.....,„.,.... .k.:„.,, „.„,„....... r...‘.:44,1.' "li.- t;')...,Vt'A1.:... - .',41,',':,' ~ , -"" ',A.l' i .„: ~... 'C,-,' .' Ti,,,,,VE 2;r*: %.'....4, '.' ,:.' .: ' ...... . ..,,?e,r,-.. ,R,, .4` - 40;"i : ,'..:.: 1 -f.-`, '.- - 1 '°•,,; -,,' . ':. - - .:1,;:_';.49,:i7., ~.',..Z.,!,;7,,..7

• •

' t•

===== 0002601_18990407_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Ar.5,4,,1:`,,,v. 4-„,-T-. .:1-7,-.4-, ' .....,::1:4i.,..4..iir,,,, ''''',,,, ' ..,,'...41, .',t4 ' ..,:il' ~,, :. . . . ~...'. L. • . • V '' ' ', ' ' ' ,:il .... ti .• ..i.,',,,,,-- i ''., :, i .-44,... .*-'..:l,j'VA'k. ..';':•-• '',... '''' . " ''''',..tf ,P 1. '-. '',, -', ..,..,-4,6 •,-,' _,,, ~--..,.:' ~,s, -...--x -:::`: ..,:i.t. 4,1,.., -'l,te.r.;-., —011)4., 4r,- ' =.si.„t„ -,-.',,,,,:Yrzi,: ---

BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD• In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, &cc., post free.

Ream Factory:

===== 0002601_18990407_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
•62ei 6.1 A 9 LUBIgAg E ILI, L; E

A GOOD FAMLY PiT)nCrir CHEST Lad

'T T ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be \TV improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such ~ COCKLZS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS) . - - -- -

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppoirs. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.— Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
COC 7s: /1.1. P 4 I:

4'"11 fl p 4' P-11 4111t1 V '4: • „ At, SA, 1264.1 Kkar •

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, ezc

il ("-i-- . \ :., \.,....::. '• ( - .----..:14*-4'-' . ' A:.54-' '• .., v, ' , .• i ••••.d...m. ~.' ,'' 1 • I ..t r 1,,,. 4-.. '' I , A 4.• ~, : ik/ •• A `..,./.." ; 'sr. 0 ": l'i.;:i.r.t •-• ...."" , —.4..v ./..1 .' ",.', \....;:, • ''',..1 .2.,,i.,,,,, t

===== 0002601_18990407_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, V ;

- , . , Erv,.. _. A_. tfTe, ' '--,4'''' .i."l , ..F., 1-z ~ . 1 m 44- #,,,,,,, 1,4 t, , ~..,pc ~,-, -4,... 4i4 gPA N. 1.,,; , J.:. • _ ,

Makers of the "BANK," " LUDGATE," and "FIELD.' Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free. 28 ROYAL EXCEAEGE) EC,' LONDONc

===== 0002601_18990407_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FV79-3 G M gt BOX.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
'4* .6 , t - A LI s, A ' tt,k .

FOR ALL BiLrous AND NERVOUS ,',ISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

G'l,Jet ticce,eAdaor%e, ConsUpPtitm

•ED Elf sf-o irrach 1 ITT, F r-eo 1. , Ls. 4q; ro —A- 4- L.

,„„ EiZ,roo,7fed Lit"er 3,1101 kiaTitasC

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in beseE., is. 1-.1d., and 2s. Od. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
4-7 :7?). z „ „ , . ~• .

===== 0002601_18990407_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
,tiel,`,,,r„. 0 iil ~.., - sii--Aii, ~-,r.g 1 ..- . , T',„-.,,t Y a ;ti ''''... ''' k .A, i • ...- ',,,,54 314 -'-:':::`^';;11,: ' •

The most delicious and wholdsonle ani made, and like all other successful pro- ductions, it has many inferior imitators. The public are therefore warned that if they want the genuine article they must illSjSt upon being served with Deakin's.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED Zo7:a VRE -TRESSES & BEDSTEADS. Gu • FOR

Carriage Paid and Liberal Cash DiseoiinJ allowed.

ARANTED FIVE YEARS tf I I.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EXHIBITED

Carrying ONE TON

Liverpool Manchester,

AND OTHER Exhibitions

Gnat mduction in prices Apply to Tho; Lcngford Wire Co., Limited, Warrington. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS

—Me n who are weak and tired of taking N.,useius and MYS i ERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write to the Physician in con. fidence,and full particulars will be sent FREE as to how all caFe4 of NERVOUS EXHAUS- TION, LOSS OF VIGOUR., WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES can he SUC- CESSFULLY and PERMAN- ENTLY CURE D. —Send Stamped aadressed envelipe to THE COLLINS CO., Erskine-street. Llvernool.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
-4* • 4: 4tr.- 1-*F , •

' ' 11,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
, , ; ; • I 4 I

1., t ' ' ' 1 . • F. , • • . ~ ~ ~. i,. •, , • ' '. 11:

t ' • f, - 4 1 1 . 1 1 , x . ', 4, • .7.'. 1 .. y •..„,„„ ~, '• jiit • '-'; - ' 1 C. 1 1 • . . 1 '

===== 0002601_18990407_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J

===== 0002601_18990407_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE REMEMBERED. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

Has now been established over a Quarter of a Century, and Is The Leading Tonic MeHeine of The Day, and has no equal for NERVOUSNESS, WEAKNESS. CHEST AFFECTIONS, PALPITATION OF THE HEART, INDIGESTION, LIVER VOMPLAINT, INFLUENZA, lite., Eta., Etc.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

This Preparation does not profess to cure in five minutes or the first dose but claims that it will speedily relieve, and many cases effect a eure.uPon a fair trial being given.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYNE EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

Has stood the test, and is acknowledged by Patients to be The Best Remedy of the Age.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS Is purely vegetable. Does not contain Mercury, lodine of Potassium, or any injurious drug. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. Is a Pharmaceutical Preparation of the highest excellence, and is accurately and scientifically prepared, no expense being spared in its manufacture and preparation. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

Do not be persuaded to try other preparations because they contain a larger quantity. Valuable medicines like other commodities, the greater their purity and excellence the higher their value and price.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

The great success of this Medicine has caused many imita tions. Do not purchase any other preparation, but insist upon haying the Original and only Genuine Preparation.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

See the name " 4wilym Evans ' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Without which, none is genuine.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE ,VEGETABLE TONIC.

Sold eveywhere in bottles. 2s. 91.. and 4s. ed. each.

SOLE PROPRIETORS:

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING COMPANY, LIMITED, LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

?Utters EC tbe

/ \ ~.'...,..,,.',..^...,../.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send thfir names and addresses to the Editor. Matters intended for publication must be written on one

side only at the pa.per. Correspondents art, strongly adviael to write breifly A short letter has ranch greater chance of insertion than a long one.

THE RUNCOIVT GUARDIANS AND GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOW!i.

Sir,—Your report of the meeting of the Runcorn Guar- diana held on Tuincley loot is an exposure of the ignor- ance of several of the Guardians as to the purposes and objects of Friendly Societies. They are not termed to hand over their funds te the Poor Law Guardians. The rules of the Grand Unitei Order of Odlfellows etaten The objects of this society shall be to raise a fund or funds. , (a) For the relief of insmb.lrs during sicknees not caused by misconduct. (k) For the relief of members wheel compelled to travel in search of employment. (c) For insuring some of money for the purpose of defrayieg the futieral expenses of members, members' wives, widows acid children: These funds are provided by the contributions of the members who are entitled to benefits acc,arding to the amount o' contributions paid, no less and no more. The relief is to members not to P or Law Guardians. Within the limits of the Runcorn Guardians, the Runcorn and Halton and Rueeorn slistricts of tine society last year had 2181 members an 500 juvenile members. It disbursed to tne memb nn las ,ytr el .1k ply, £1,633 19. ; melical benefite, £283 es. 71., funeral benefits, £651 133 Od. diet-ess b esefi's, £3S 12s. 10d., or a total of £2,637 9s. 51. I ask the Guardians who uttered. cheap sneers at the name of 0 idfellows, whether it is not odd that working men should band themselves together, and be habits of thrift and prudence relieve the ratepayers in one year of the necessity for providing relief for so many who have bees is sickness and distress ? Were it not for Societies like this, many who keep oft the rates would have to apply for relief, and this applies to many of our memeese in this Union. Can they say to what eXteat this £2,637 relieved the Poor Rates last year ? The GA.7.0.0. ceneists in all of 266,185 members ; has a capital of £950,000 ; relieves its members yearly to the exteet of £1611,000, and has a record beyond the reproach of mete who are totally unacquainted with its objec's. As regards the lamentable case ref John Hazlehuret, the Rising Sun L dee in their letter do not decline to pee sick relief to himoelf bet they do decline to hand the f to the Gusrdianc—Mr. Reynolds' statement- that if the Lodge paid the money, Hazlehurst would not be a pauper is incorrect and before he talks things over again he should make sure of the correctness of his in formation. If the lodge did pay the 3s per week to the Guardians, Hazlehurat wou'd be none the less a pauper (mere's the pity) and as a matter of fact he has been a pauper some considerable tirne,heving been in the receipt of 3s pee week out-doer relief. no much for Mr Reynolds! Mr Stoke!, is either incorrect or incorrectly reported in stating that Hazlehurst did not know or was not aware he was going to the Workhouse. The facts are that Elazlehurst had lescome so feeble that he could not do anythieg for himself and his friends asked Mr. Cooke to remove him. Mr. Cooke arranged with Haziehuret a week previous to taking him to the workhouse that he should go there. 'foe Ledee had nothing to do with it. Ns one could be got to take charge of him as he was at 63 a week. The Lodge according to rules could only pay him 3s per week which was the amount provided by hi e contribu- tions and the Guardians I understand,do not relieve be- yond 31 per head. After Flaz'ehurstni entry into the workhouse had he had anyone dependent on him, his sick pay would be continued to them, as is the case in other instances at p:essnt, but the Guardians have no right to expect Rising Sun Lodl.s to pay them 33 per week. We relieve the rates indirectly but certainly do not intend to hand our funds over directly to the Guardians. We can make better use of them then they appear to te cap Inge of dente. Take the casts of the al- teration of the Board-room Sen, and the bungling con- nected therewith. Hezlehurst has paid his rates during his life, and let the Guardians bear the expense, which all our 2,181 members share as ratepayers. Why, should we be mulcted twice? The rule under which Rising Sun Lodge have anted has been in force several. yearn with the Manchester Unity and ether Lodge Friendly Societies. In fact it is conn- exion to them. Mr. Woonward may be a good judge of public scandals but I can assure him the Registrar- General would not have passed the rule had there been anything in it contrary to the good of the public and the members of the ssoiety and I suggest to him that h 3 de- velop as keen an interest in saving the ratepayers poc- lone when alterations and furnishings of .doarn rOoms occur in the future. Hazlehurst is still a member of ourso- ciety and We shall pay his funeral expenses to his nominee whoever that may be. The lcdee has no complaint from Bro Hazlehurst nor dispute with him. He joined at age 39 and has paid 21 per month which was the scale in force at his entry. Since then, new tables have been ifisued by the actuaties and a man aged 39 wishing to join would now have to pay 33 4d per month. Notwithstand- ing that Bro Hazlehurst has not paid his proportion of contributions he has always received full sick, half-pay, and deferted pay according to ruleer. He has I believe, no sickness, but is the victim of old age and although the society does not provide old age pleaione he has re- ceived an equivalent as deferred sick-pay, tu which according to the rules he is not entitled. The lodge has acted generously with him and is quite willing to con- tinue so to donif he is ever able to leave the house. I wish to express the thanks of the members to Mr. Meidowcroft, 'who appears to have been the only Guardian present who understood the rule—Yours tee., WILLIAM MASSEY, Secretary, Halton and Runcorn District G.U.0.0. Runcorn, 30th March, 1899.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
SAILING RACES ON THE MERSEY.

On Saturday afternoon the Warrington and Bank Quay Sailing Club gave their second annual sailing race on the Meriey. The course was from Widnes round a buoy moored near Walton arches, and back to the east of Messrs. Monks. Hall, and Company's Quay There were seven entries,but only five too.k part in the race. The results were as follow i—lst prize, ..E2 and silver medal, Mr. Pair Turner's Nellie, captained by Mr. S. Griffiths; 2nd. 355, Mr. S. Leigh's Ernest. captained by owner. ; 3rd, 20s, Mr. Fair Turner's Not Allowed, captained by Air. H. Burthem ; 4th Mr. R, Burthern s Nymph, captained by owner; sth, Mr. H. Warourton's Wildflower, ean- twined by owner. Subsequently Mr: R. Burtbem easily won a sculling race, in which six competitors toek part. 'The officials were :—Starter, Mr. Fair Turner i; secretary, Mr. R. Burthem ; judge, Mr. T. Pickering; treasurer, Mr. E. Gleave; commodore,Mr. 11. Warburton.; and vic.c-commoclore, Mr. H. Bathe=

COAGULINE.—TRA.N3PARENT CEMENT for broken tieles.—Advt. "LINSEED COMPOUND'" for Coughs and Colds, Asthma and Bronchitis. Of Chemists only.--Adn. • UMW COMPOUND" Trade Mark of Compound of looonee of Linseed. for Cool* and Colds--Advt.

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

THE CHURCH SOCIETY FOR WAIFS AND STRAYS.

A special sermon was preached in the Wargrave I Church, on Sunday morning,in aid of the Waifs and Strays by the Rev. J. Still. Podmore, B.A.,secretary to the Church Society for Waifs and Strays. The collection realised .C 2 is 2d. CONFIRMATION AT WINWICS. At the confirmation service held at Winwick Church on Wednesday last, at which the Lord Bishop of Liverpool ofticiated, there were 52 candi- dates presented from Wargrave, made up of 34 males and 18 females. P.S.A.

At the usual meeting-o-f-the P.S.A. Society held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown on Sunday after- noon, there was a fair attendance. Mr. Markland presided, and Mr. W. H. Dale was the principal speaker. A couple of sacred selections were sung by Miss Stonach who was in capital voice. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT EA.RLESTOWN,:f.

On 7Tuesday morning a man named George Frederick Archer, lodging in Wargrave-road Earl 64; town was removed to the Warrington Infirmary suffering from self-inflicted wounds to his throat. It appears he got upon Tuesday morning to go to his work, and on his nephew going downstairs an hour or so later, he found Archer lying on the kitchen floor with his throat cut. It was found on his being medically examined that the wounds were not of a very serious character, but he was re- moved tp the Infirmary as stated. THE EASTER HOLIDAYS AT EARLESTOWN..

--- _ The holidays at Earlestown and Newton have been of the most miserable description. Rain heralded the opening of Good Friday, and it con- tinued to descend until after noon. Many were the disappointments c weed, and the numerous cycling tours had to be abandoned. Fortunately many people had left the town on the Thursday for dis- tant places,and they thus escaped the deluge which would have proved most inconvenient. In the afternoon garlestown played an alliance fixture with Whiston, and with the inlucament of danc ing after the match to the strains of the Earles- town band, there was a large crowd present. Satur- day was a considerable improvement on the previ- ous day, and consequently a large number of people were induced to make a flying visit to Liverpool, Manchester and other places. In the afternoon Eeriest own -football club met Adlington at Haydock in a replayed semi-final tie for the Wigan Cup, and. this was sufficient attraction to take over 1,000 people from home. Mo•iday morning was again wet, but it cleared a little in the afternoon, but be- sides a football match at Haydock, there was no attraction in the town. The Viaduct works, and Messrs. Vicars recommenced operations on Tues. day morning, but the Vulcan Foundry did not re- open until Weduesday morning and Messrs. Slee and Co. on Thursday. :47,

===== 0002601_18990407_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING WEDDINGS Kr

EARLESTOWN.

TIINSTNLL-TUNSTALL.

There were several weddings M Earlestown on Wednesday. Amongst others was the marriage of Miss Elizabeth Tunstall, youngest daughter of the late Mr. Thomas 'Faultslt of Haydock, with Mr. George Tunstall her emirs. The welding was,from the house of Mr. Alfred Tartstall, broths of the bride,and the ceremony was performed at St. John's Church by the Rev. W. H. N. Brennan, Rector of Culmore, Ireland, brother-in-law of the bride, and assisted by the Rev. T. R. Matthews. The bride who entered the church leaning on the arm of her brother, Mr. Alfred Tunstall, looked very becoming in a dress of white marveilleux silk, with chiffon trimmings, and orange blossoms and veil, and she carried a handsome bouquet of white roses and heather, the gift of the bridegroom. Her brides- maids were Miss Nellie Holland and Miss Nell Parry, who were dressed in pale resedu with white silk trimmings and wore white hats, with white plumes to match ; Misses Reenie and Marjorie Tan- stall, and Miss Mabel Pletcher who were attired in white merveilleux and carried bouquets of pink and yellow roses the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridegroom was accompanied by Mr. W. Tickle as best man. Tne service was choral, the choir sing- ing "The voice that breathed o'er Eden," Mr, Harri- son who presided at the organ, playing "The Wed- ding March." A recention was held at Mr. Tun- stall's afterwards, and in the evening the festivities were continued in the Viaduct Institute,until about half-past three next morning. The following is a list of the presents:— Mr and Mrs Tunstall, chegne Miss Holland, silver tet urn Mr and Mrs Brennan. bedroom furniture . Mr and Mrs Fred Tunstall, breakfast service Mr and Mrs Fletcher. spirit and cigar cabinet Mr and Airs Ptstb, silver cruet Mr T Tunstall, drawing room carpet Miss Resale and Marjorie Tunstall, silver mounted umbrella Miss Brennan, hall brush rack Dr and Mrs Valentine, eider down guilt Miss Hill, cushion • Mr and Mrs Jon's., butter cooler Mrs Ellison, butter knife Mr and Mrs Naylor,silver tea and ceff 38 service Miss Nell Parry, afternoon tea service Mrs Parry. afternooa tea soseas and bows Mr T Parry and Miss Snath, silver serviette rings Mr and Mrs C Parry, silver tea spoons Miss E Parry. ornaments Mr Scholes, afternoon tea tray Mr awl Mrs Count, silver mounted ornaments Miss Molyneux, bread knife Miss Peters, toilet mats Mr and Mrs Jowett, tea cosy Mast3r3 C and F and Miss M Fletcher, silver serviette rings 80/ Fletcher, handkerchiefs Masters W and 0 Owen, trinket set Mr F Owen, satchel Misses P and S Owen. af,ernaon tea cloth and d'oyleys Mr J Dale. copper kettle The Parliament of the Viadnat, coal settle and brass stands. Mr and Mrs Hutch, plant vase Mr Burch all, and family, silver maunted jun dish Mr and Mrs G Owen, table linen Mr and Mrs 0 Owen, spirit Ctbinet Mr and Mrs W Owen. coal scuttle Mr and Mrs Rudd, trinket set Mr and Mrs Edwards, salad dishes A friend, celery glass Miss Parry, hair brush and tray Mr J Green, silver cake dish Mr Hodgkinson, brasaded tsble centre Mr Bower, silver salt cellars Miss Corlett, tray cloth Mr Wright, jugs Mrs Bates, butter dish and jam dish and glasses Miss Conway. teapot and kettle The Metals at McKechnie and Co.'s Chemical Works, marbls time-piece Mr Tickle, Japanese table Mr and Mrs Chorlton, silver cr let and table cloth Miss Sutcliffe, knitted D'oyleys Mr and Mrs Sturgess, silver mounted butter cJoler and knife Mr King. embossed box Mrs Gregory. table cloth Nieces and Nephews of Oulmore Rectory, satchel, hymn book and prayer book Miss tiharroc cs, crum brush and tray MEE—MATH.ER.

At the Wesleyan— Church, Earlestown on Wednes- day morning, another iateresting wedding took place, the principal parties iq this bing Miss Ada Louisa Mee, daug'-iter of NIL% Me. Briege-strcet, Earlestown, with Mr. Samuel Mather, of Market- street, Earlastown. Bath are well known in the town,and there were consequently numerous specta- tors. The bride was attired in a white silk dress trimmed with white ehiffm and she wore a neck- lace of pearls the gift of the bridegrJom. Her brides- maid was Miss Florence Walwortb, of Manchester, cousin to the bride, who wore a blue brocaded silk blouse and grey skirt, with hat to match. Mr. John Mather acted as best man,the bride being given away by her father. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. J. Lunn of St. Helens, and at the conclusion there was a reception at the residence of the bride's father. The presents were numerous, and besides being valuable, were of a most useful character.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BANE HOLIDAY AT WA.II,IIINGTON.

The weather ou Monday (Bank Holiday) wgs ex- tremely we; diving the morning, but it cleared up somewhat towards afternoon. Happily many people had left the town by early excursion trains to Black- pool and other places,and large bookings were taken at the Central Station. Tee numbers of excursion- its were ;—Liverpool and New Brighton, 2,750 : Manchester, 1,500 ; Belle Vue, 100; Southport, 500; and a considerable number of people booked to Matlock, Buxton, and Bakewell. The "A " team football match and the trades exhibition attracted many people during the afternoon otherwise the day would have been unusually dull.

SUFFERING THE TORTURES OF ECZEMA. is the condition of thousandi who live in ignorauce of the fact that a warm bath with Cunene', SOAP and a single anointing with CEITICURA, the great skin cure, followed by a full dose of CIITICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of bird purifiers and humour cures, will afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, permanent and economical cure, when all other methods fail. CUTI- CtrEAt Woßes WONDERS, and its cures of torturing, dis- figuring humours are the mist wonderful ever recorded. PUBLIC BENBPIT UNDBE TIIIC CLOCK FOR MIST BOOTS iX LANOASHIBB.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.

Mr. Foulkes : They eo represent Churchpeople. Do Mrs. Wright and Mrs. Gartatt represent Churchpeople ?

THE THREE 110IIRS SERVICE ON GOOD FRIDAY.

Mr. Foulkes asked if the Vicar had the sanction of the Bishop for the three hours agony service en Good Friday. _ _ .

Mr. Linaker said the Vicar was not bound to answer the question, and he should decline to do so. The Vicar said the three hours service was with the knowledge of the Bishop of Chester.

TRH LENTEN PREACHERS. Mr. Foulkes asked if the Vicar was aware that the Vicsr of Latchford (one of the Lenten preachers) observed the east ward position in his own ehurch. He produced a ritualistic book which, he said, stated that this was the position cf the sacrificing priest, and was adopted by members of the Elglish Church Union. Mr. Reynolds said Mr. Foulkes was out of order. _

Mr. Foulkes said there were three clergymen among the L,nten preachers who adopted the eastward position and if the Vicar did not know these men before he in- vited them to preach he could easily ascertain for the sum of is el. The clergymen he referred to were the Vicar of Alvanley, the Vicar of Lostock Gralarn,and the Vicar of Latchford. As a rule these men were false teachers. On Friday last he went to hear the Vicar of Latchford, and he told them something that was not true. Mr Foulkes moved a resolution to the effect that clergymen who were members of the English Church Union, or who adopted the eastward positioo,snoald not in future be invited to preach. The Vicar said he refused to put such a resolution to the meting. It was entirelyout of the authority of that meeting to decide such a question. He was not respon- sible to the parish for what he taught. He was respon- sible to his bishop. Mr. Foulkes : That's a qumtion, sir. THE VICAR AND MUDDLE-HEADED MANIACS.

4) Mr. Reynolds ved a vote of thanks to the Chair- man for cenducti the business of the meeting. H . thought that scout e well received. He did not know whether it would be quite out of place, but he wished to congratulate the Vic ir most heartily on the resul: of the Easter offerings. He theught that gave a better answer to Mr. Foulkes thais anything that was said in that ves- try meeting. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sttwart seconded the motion, and endorsed what Mr. Reynolds had said. The motion was unanimously adopted. The Chairman in responding thanked the meeting for the strong expression of their confidence which he re- ceived the previous day. He did not know that anything had male him feel more proud than to have from the parish such a handsome testimonial of their appreciation of his services. Ha felt that kindness vary deeply indeed and, as Mr. Reynolds had said, it was a complete answer to any of those few busybodies who represented no one but themselves, and who tried to stir up strife in the place. There were in the country at large a certain number of muldle-heale I maniacs who gave up their bu,iaoss, which was not a very profitable oae, for the purpose of producing strife and agitation. He hoped the office of agitator was mere profitable to them than their umel and proper calling. . Mr. Foulkes: Is Sir William Harcourt one ?

The matting then +lispersaci. ST JOaN'S CIRJROII, E kiILE3TOWN.

Tha annual vestry xn3etlng was held in the vestry of he church on Monday afternoon. The Rev. T.R.

Matthews presided, and -thQv were also preseat the Rev F C Shirty.liffe, Dr 3Jouncey, Messrs Nast)lett, Findlay, Cloulh, Jones. Bradshaw, Pimblett, vicar's warden, submitted the statetnent of accounts for the na,t year, showinc! an income from all sources of £251 4.3 2P, the exolnditure, incluJing a debit ba'ance from last year of £5 9s 1(41, was £251 93 D. The accounts were adopted.—The Vicar nominated as his ward-n, Mr Pimblett, and as sidesmen, • Messrs. Findlay, Jackson, J _

_ E Ctou2l3, Bradahlw and Roardman.—Dr. M)uncey wai re appointed parishioner's warden, and tne sidesmen were Messrs. J. Rylance, Duncan, James Clough, R. Jones, and Clayton.—A voluntary rate of 21 in the £ was laid.—The lay representatiVei to the tin ruri-diaconal conf.3re.nces were the wardens.

—The Vicar thanked Mr. Pimblott for his kind attention to Church matters during tho year. It was very pleasant to work so comfort tbiy and .haraioniously with his

warden, and the sidesmea.—A vote of thanks was accor- ded the choir and erganiit for their services.—Mr. Piinblett thanked Dr. Mouncey for his help and support during the past year. He also begged to draw their attention to a vary old debt which had appeared year after year. but which during the past year they had cleared off altogether, and that was the -heating apparatus. A good sum had also been paid for renovat- ing and cleaning the organ, and be thought the choir and their late organist. Mr. Raiford, deserted their thanks. The balance which they !earl in hand was small. but he was pleased t) stand before them that day with any balance at all, as for several years the balance had tven on the wrong side —The Vicar said that the late Mrs. Harwood was to be buried at the Cemetery that afternoon, and as Mr. Harwood was one of the two wardens when that Cnurch was first apened, he though-, they might very properly pass a vote of condolence with Mr. Harwood in his bereavernent.which he had no doubt ha would fell very keenly.—Dr. Mounoey seconded, ad the lotion was adopted. —This was all the business. ENINIANUEL CHUROI3, WARGRAVE.

The annual -vestry meeting was held in the church on Tuesday evening. The Rector, Rev. Jame.) Ciron pro., sided, and there were also present, Mr J Barrows, war- den ; Messrs S B Owbridge, U Sweetlove, A Owbridgc., R Onaud ey, W Flalrn, W Ctr;on, T Malyneux, Smith, J &3.—The statement of accounts which were sub. mirted showed the re Asipts from all sources t ) be £l6l.

337 d, and the expenditure £174 183 51, showing a bat- du., to the wardens of £1.3 143 101. Thn church renovation account showed total receipts £75 13 31. In the bank there was £6l. 63 53, and the balance due from the wardens to the fund was £l3 143 10d.— Mr. W. liaison said his idea was that the wardens should be chosen from amongst the sidesmen, because he thought they knew more about the wants of the the church than the ordinary congregation, and there were four or five woo had served the church faithfully, and one he knew had done so for many years, and if elected would carry out the duties of warden to their satisfaction. He referred to Mr. T. Cave, sen., whom he would propose as parishioners' wardea. Mr. J. B. 0 wbridge seconded. Mr. A. Owbridge proposed Mr. J. Burrows the retiring warden, but the motion was not seconded.Mr.Cave was therefore declared duly appointed. The Rector appointed Mr. H. SweeVove as his warden. The following were appointed sidesmen :—Mes3r3 T Molyneux, (Market-street), R Molyaeux, J Mots, J C Starkie, T Molyneux (Wargrave-road), Smith, J Bur- rows, A Owbridge, J Shepherd, G Suton, W liaison, and Joseph Williams. Messrs T aiolyneux, aid W Thompson jun., were appointed lay representatives to the rue-diaconal conference. A voluntary rate of 21. in the £ was laid. All the salaried officers of the Church were re-appointed at the usual remunerations. A gratuity of £l5 was recommended to b 3 given the choir. Speaking in respect to the renovation of the Church. the Rector said this had had to go behind, but the £5O which was given anonymously last year, had been devoted to this object, and they got £25 front a sale of work during the year, and he thought they ought to pass a vote of thanks to those who had worked so hard for the little sale of work which was so productive considering its unpretentious character. Mr. Chandley had acted as secretary for it, and had done a great deal of work in connection with it.—On the motion of Mr. Sweotlove, seconded by Mr. A. Owbridge, a vote of thanks was ac- corded Mr. Chatadley and all who bad taken an active part in connection with the sale of work. PARISH CHURCH!

The Eagtir vestry metinz for the Warringten Parish Church Vlll3 held in the National Boys' School on Tues- day evening. The Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) presided, and there WHO als.) _present :—Mr Jams G Craik

(Rect)r's warden), Mr John De whuret (people's warden), the Rev E & White, the Rev G D Diekinson, and the Vestry Clerk (Mr .E A White). There was a large attendance of parishioners'. _ Mr. DBWRIIRST prasented the annual financial state- ment. He stated that the total receipts were £964 103 41, including £291 61 id ordinary offertories; £212 18s 7d special offertories ; and £4OO from the bazaar fund. At the beginning of the year they were £304 16s ld in debt. The total expenditure amounted to £984 12: 10 having a balance against the churchwardens of £2O 2s 133. He pointed out that two or three items had been hanging over from last year. It was impossible to prevent a ,listle overlapping. During the year Mr. Craik had worked admirably. M. S. Dawns moved the adoption of the accennts and teferred to the excellent way they had been kapt. He thought they might almost say the church was out of debt and that was a mater fer congratulation. He hoped the congregation would regularly and systemati- cs. lly Five to the offertory and see that it did not fall belor :el.O a Sunday. If teat were done they would be atl to meet all their obligations. Vl'. MASON seconiel and hoped the church would not in -r any fresh debt. (Hear, hear.) Tee RBCTOR said toe two churchwarden: and the two auditors had taken the utmost trouble about the ac- counts. The accounts were unanimously passed. Oa the motion of Mr. BURTON, seconded by Mr. DAINTITI, a vote of thaeki was passed to the wardens, sidesman, and auditors. The RICTOR again nominated Mr. Creik as his war- . _ . .

den, and said he had the uronoet satisfaction in inform- ing the meeting that that gentleman had consented to accept office. He felt grateful to him for all his services during the past year.—Mr. Craik said he had wished to retire, but they all knew the Rector's persuasive eloquence, and he (Mr. Craik) had fallen a victim to it. (Laughter.) Mr. Atkin had consents] to act as his sidesman. He might at the present time say that they had a credit balance of £52. Dr. WHITN, propoeed tha re-eleltion of Mr. Dewhurst, as people's warden. He knew when he was app inted last year that they would have aood officer In him. He

===== 0002601_18990407_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER VESTRY MEETINGS.

HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. RUNCORN.

The Easter vestry meeting at Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn, was held on Wednesday evening, under the presidency of the Rev C R Killick (vicar). There were also present :—Messrs C A Timmins, W Fisher, W Banks, S Pearson. E R Westbroeke, W J gunaingleara, G W Gibson, R lEllcross, A C Timmins, H Timmins, Sec. —The Vicar iced a letter from Mr C A Timmins (vicar's warden); "Dear sir,—Easter is rapidly approaching and I shall be glad to be relieved of the duties eVicar's warden when it comes. I have held that office for seven years and I think you will be able to find several in the parieh who would worthily fill the post and relieve me of one of the anxieties that has been such a strain upon me daring my spell of ill health, and which although much improved is not up to its former standard." the Vicar felt that Mr, Timmins had been called upon during the past year to undergo a great deal of domestic trouble which be was sure all the parishioners very much regretted, and they only hoped that his health and that of his family might be better in the feture. In accept ing the resigna:ion they must thank him for what he bad done for them. He (the Vicar) nominated as his warden Mr. William Fisher, who had very worthily filled the office before and whom he had not the slightest donbt would do all to the satisfaction of the parishioners and himself.—Mr. Fisher proposed Mr. Hankinson as people's warden. Mr Hankinson had served the people for several years, and he did not think they could get a better man for the office.—Mr.Westbrooke said Mr Han- kinson could not he present, but had expressed willingness to act if elected.—Mr. Killcross seconded.—Mr. Timmins said he had pleasure in sup- porting the proposition and thought they would have a combination in Mr. Fisher and Mr. Hankinson that they would be very well pleased with.—They were two of the eldest members of the church. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Hankinson was unenimously elected. On the motion of Mr G W Gibson, seconded by Mr W J Cunningham, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Timmins and Hankihson for their past services, and the following gentlemen were elected sidesmen :—Holy Trinity : Messrs R Killeross, S Peaeson, S Hazelburst, E Prince. E Westbrooke, W E Lear, J Savale, J H Salkell, T E Garner, B Turner, T H Annett, A Abram, W Bankee, —Halton, and C H Timmins, Mariner's Mission Mr J Hood; Mill Broar Mission: Mr W _

Cunningham.—Mr. 'C A Timmins presented the account for the year which sh4wed the total receipts for Trinity to be 2137 33 41; out of which amount £lO 19s 41 had !von voted to liquidate balance against the Mariner's Mission. There was a balance 3s Id remaining at Parr's Bank. In addition Mr. Timmins said that there had been several small bills receivel since amounting to £6 .6slld;but they would be cwered by receipts amounting to £7 123 2d, thus increasing the balance in hand by 21 5s 31. Mr. Timmins then went on to state that from 1881 to 1892 (12 years)tbe total collection and donations amounted to £1,005 3s. From 1893 to 1899 (7 years)the total collections and donations was £llB7 33 11d, which gave an average per year of £169 93 54, an amount

Which had only been exceeled four timog since the consecration of the church, viz : in 1850, 1856, 1869 and 1873. In conclusion M. Timming intirn tted that though he wag about to sever his official connection with the church they could always rely upon his sympathy and support. (Applat;se.)—fhe usual votes of thanks con- cluded the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSH&M. MR. FOULKES AND THE DECORifION OF CHURCHES. LIVELY SCENES.

The Ets,er vestry meeting, was held on Monda.y in the Kiwis ley Chapel at the Parish Church. The Vicar (Rev H B Blog,g) presided, and there were oresant :—Messrs T D Timmins, Charles R4ynnlds, T Riley, CE Linaker, T Lewis. J G Kydd,J Barrow,E G Stewart,ll T Linaker, R Foulkes and others.

Mr. R. Foulkes entered a protect against the meeting being held in the church instead of in the schoolrnom, and on some other day. It did not suit the policy of the vicar who was afraid of the press-- Mr. Linaker rose tl a point of order.

Mr. Foulkes said ho rose to propose a resolution. The schoolroom could be used tor a dance and for amateur theatricals--

Mr. Linaker : You are not in order. Mr. Foulk.s : lam perfectly in order. Several Vaices : " Sit down." Mr. Kodi : I think Mr. Foulkes' oviduct is not cre- dit ablz either to the church or to religion. Mr. Foulkes: Let me have my say. Free speech is an Englishman's birthright. Toe Vicar: Y 63: at the right time and the right

placs. Mr. Foulkes: This is the only place I can get your lordship to speak to in the right way. Mr. Foulkes pro- ceeded to say that the schoolroom could be used for

amateur tleatrical3. danela, or for. a leoture by the

notorious Rev. F. E. Powell, who said some most- out- rageous and untrus things, and the Vicar nevertemen- strated wits him. The same room could net b 3 used for a lecture on the Lord's Supper. Mr. Linaker said Mr. Foulkes was out of order, and he eventually resumed his seat. Mr. liatchinv,s premised a. vote of thanks to the ladies whe undertook the decors,tion of the church. Mr. Kydd sEconded. Mr. Salford said he noticed from the " Parish Magazine" that the ladies had already been thanked for their services, and he did nee think it was absolutele necessary for them to pass a resolution at that meeting; Mr. Foulkes proposed as an amendment that the ladies be requested to refrain from bringing flowers into the church. It would be time enough for them to introduce them when they could prove their authority for so doing. They were under a delusion. They saw men wise were incompetent to preach the gospel of Christ, and knew more about men's naillenery,and bowing to a brass cross and insulting their flocks by turning their backe upon them. One good turn deserved another, and his advice to them was" button up your pockets." Mr Fnilkee proceeded to say that he was requested by a communi- cant, whose name could be given, to protest in the strongest manner possible against the elevation of the cup, bowin; before the cross, the prostration of the celebrant, and the use of the mixed chalice at the Iron Chterch,Frodsham. This was most offensive to the person concerned,and he (Mr Foulkes) would remind them that the elevation of the sacrament was condemned by Article 28.

Mr. Raiford said although he did not agree with Mr. Foulkes' slrone condemeatioe, if the resolution that had been proposed with reference te the ladies' services was pot to the meeting he should feel la duty bound to sup. port Mr. Foulkes' amendment, for the reasons already given. He was the very last man in the world to find faelt with anything that ladies did in the church, be- cause he had a prefeun I admiration for the work they had done for Christianity. Women had revealed with a deeper ani truer devotion to the cause of Christ than man was ever capabie of manifesting. Therefore he WAS not wanting in sympathy with the ladies who gave their services gratuiteu3lv to the church. He had no sym- pathy with the condemnation of ths decorations. FP like Ito see the chureh look b muffin!. But he did think thy ought not to propoee that reselutioe, and if it was persisted in he shonld feel csmpelled to vote against it and support Mr. Foulkes. Mr- C. E, Linaker sail if they gave way this year, next year they would have no vote of thlnks to the churchwardens or anyone else. He strongly protested against such a course. Mr. Foulkes did not come to church, except once or twine a 3 ear to find fault, and therefore he did not consider he had a right to come there on that occasion and conduct himself in the way he did. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Foulkes : It's a State Church. E7ery person has a right to be here. Mr. Linaker : I hope you will put the resolution to the meeting, so that the ladies can see that we appreci- ate the way in which they deem. vesd the church. On a vote being taken, only two voted for the amend- ment,. of Mr. Feulkea. The resolution thanking the ladies was carried.

THE CHURCH COUNCIL CRITICISED.

Mr. Foulke; asked for the production of the resolution pased by the Frodsham Church Council with a view to Preventing the Rev. C H Wainwright,vicar of Blackpool, from coining to lecture in Frodsham. a copy of which was sent to Mr. Wainwrizlit and the Bishop of Manches- ter. He thought it was a downright shame that any number of men should propose such a resolution. Such ! men stisuld live by themselves in the island of St. Helena. It was a record worthy of the dark ages. He was plemed to know that all the members of the Church Council did not agree with that resolution, and he thought if the Bishop of Manchester's reply were pro- duced the people of Frodsham would know that he had snubbed the Council very niMy. Every man, be he clergyman or layman, had a perfect right to address a public audience in a public room. He did not Fay he had a right to c)mi, into the church without the sanction of the vicar, but he had a perfect right to go from one end of the country to the other to address public audiences. The lecture by the Rev. F. E. Powell in the schoolroom was ful of utter nonsense and rubbish, and the vicar and the senior curate did not (Ater to utter a word of protest. Mr. Colston, tho curate, only three or four days ago, could delight his audience by attacking John Kensit in the Iron Church. It was a pity that he had not something else to do than attack a man behind his back. John Kensit was able to defend himself. He moved that the Bishop of Manchester's resolution be read to the meet- ice'. The Chairman said the corresponiollos with the BIB- ' hop of Manchester belonged to the Church Council, and it did not fall within the province of that vestry to make any such demand as Mr. Foullcs had put forward. The Bishop of Manchester instead of sending a snub, as Mr. Foulkes put it, wrote a very kind and courteous letter expressing his regret that Mr. Wainwright should have given offence by his lecture, but it was out of his power to curtail his liberty. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Foulkes said Mr. Wainwright's lectures were crowded. .

__ .. .. ~...... Mr. Reynolds said the people were nearly all dissen- ters. Mr. Foulkes retorted that if they were dissenters they had a right to have a say in Church matters. Mr, Reynolds: They don't 'sprout Churchpeople.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSAI rFt ButJGH C.

- _ Many ladies and gentlemen hive by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well be turned into money. Messrs. R. D. kJ. B. Fraser, Of Frinoes-street, Ipswich stablished sine 1833), buy old false teeth. If you send Pour teeth to them they will remit you by return post the ytmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs. Bacon & Co., Bankers, Ipswich. _Advt

had discharged his duties with regularity, punctuality, sobriety, and dignity. (Laughter.)—Mr. W. Price seconied, and till motion wa3 card d.—Mr. Dewhurst replied, and nominated Mr. Samuel DIVIOEI as his sides- man. _ _

The following sidemen were re-appointed :—Messrs C E Cooper, Thomas Mason, Thomas May, W Price, F Taylor, Samuel Taylor, J E Wright and James Woods. Sergeant Price was appointed representative sideman for St. George's Mission, and Mr. William Hodgson for St. Clement' Mission. Mr. J D Buckton and Mr R T Fairclough were appointed the lay representatives. Mr. H B Whits, vestry clerk, and Messrs F G Taylor and Janus Wood auditors.

Tne ladies were thanked for their services oa the pro. position of Mr. Thomas Mason, seconded by Mr. H. Gandy. On tk3 motion of Mr. Avant, seconded by Mr. THOMAS MAY. a vote of thanks was accorded to the assistant clergy. The Revs.F.A.White,and G.Dickinsen responded. Mr. Camit proposed a vote of thanks to the Rector for presiding over the meeting and he did so in compli- msntary terms. _

Mr. WILLUMS seconded,and remarked thatthe present year had been one of trial to Churchmen. Of course they knew to what matter he alluded, but he was glad to think that the "terrible disease"had not been brought to Warrington, and he hoped it would never be brought here. The motion was heartily agreed to, The RECTOR, in reply, said this had certainly been a critieal year in Church mattPrs, and one had reason to thank Grod that their Easter vestry meeting had passed off so very satisfactorily. He wished to inform the , meeting that there were 538 communicants at the Church on Sunday as azainst 504 the previous year—the largest they had yet had. With regard to toe offertories, the amount for the past three months, though Easter was one week earlier than last year. was exactly the same, £l3O. It VIA 3 lot Testing to note that during the past 10 years over £20.000 had been volun'zarily collected in the parish. The amount was actually £24,000. They intended to revert to their original plan of a parochial sale this year for unselfish objects —home and foreign missions. He hoped they might raise £lOO. if not more, and they would deliberate what societies they would give the amount to. They had drawn up a circular about the repairs that were necessary in connection with the ornamental work at the church. They wanted at least £2OO, and a little plan had boon suggested by which it might be raised without difficulty. He knew they loved the Parish Church, and he hop-d they would eive what they could as soon as possinle. In conclusion the Reetor announo that Mr. Ireland Blackburne had given them a site near the Cemetery—about an acre and a half—for th2ir needs. They most before long increase their school accommoda- tion. He knew how very deeply they felt the impor- tance of the education of the young in true religion and the principles of the church, and they must make some provision for spiritual needs in the district. He felt very grateful to Mr. Blackburne for having given them the site, so that when they were obliged to build they could conernenee work. (Applause.) A member of the choir said he wished to call atten- tion to the disgraceful state of the heating apparatus. HA was nearly stifled on the previous Sunday and he thought before they spent money on the outside of the e lifice they should'paz the inside right first. He also complained of draughts. Mr. MAX :.colca of his experiencing similar inconveni- ences. Mr. Carat promised that the heating apparatus should receive aVention. Mr. DEWRIIRST said the roof required felting but that would mean an expenditure of at least £l5O. He ap- pealel for larger voluntary contributions. If the mem- bers of the congregation would only increase their donations by a penny a week it would relieve tlae church- wardens of financial embarasements, and enable them to carry out improvements. ST. BA.RNABA.S'. -

Tills annual vest-ry. meeting was held. on Tuesday evening, the Vicar (the Rev. George Alltno) presiding, and there were also present Messrs. R. T. Smith (people's warden), Iddoo, W. A.. Proud, Griffiths, and Jackson. Toe CHAIRMAN stated that the wardens were pleased with the work done by the workers during the year. The last severe storm did damage to the church, but it had been put right again. He could no soak to) highly of the choir and of the organist (Mr. Evans) for their s.rvices during the year. (Hear, bear.)—The following officers were elected for the ensuing year :—Vicar's war- den, Mr Trev;tt, re-elected ' • people's warden, Mr W A Proud • sidesmen, Messrs Evans, Edwardson, Gerrard, Taker, Billing-, and Iddon ; delegates to ruri-decanal conference, Mr Trevitt and Dr Ewing.—The Chairman said it was with great satisfaction that he had to an- nounce the church was free from debt. They should pass a hearty vets of thanks to the churchwardens and the other officers who had helped to maintain the church so efficiently. There was a balance in hand of 161 61. The accounts w,fre unanimously passed.—Votes of thanks were accorded to the Vicar and the churchwar- dens far their setvices. ST. ANN'S. - . . .

The vestry meeting AAA held on Tuesday night. The Vicar (the Rev. J. Davies) ereeided, and there were alio present the Rev P J Byrne (curate). and Messrs Arm- strong, Challinor. Daniels, Quartereeaster-Sergeant Taylor, F Taylor, M R Warner, and T Corbett.—Tne election of officers for the ensuing year took place. The Vicar said that as Mr. Armstrong had been the vicar's warden for three years, and as he was well pleased with his services, he neminVel him for the ensuing year.— Mr. Arnastriree said he would be pleascd if the Vicar could arrange for someone else to take up that position, as he could not very fully fulfil the duties.—A discussion took place, after which Mr; Owen, who was absent, was nominated as the Vicar's warden. Mr Bretherton was appointed the people's warden. Mr Armstrong and Qeartermaster-Sergeant Taylor sidemen besides those of lest year. The lay representatives will be the sem° as lest year—Mr F Taylor and Qaarter- msster-Sergeent Taylor.—Mr Armstrong then read the accnunts for the past year, which showed a deficit of £5 83 40 on the year's working.—The Vicar thought there might be a larger collection. Most of the coins given last year were halfpennies. They were hardly Paying their own waY.—Quartermaster-Sergeant Taylor said he thought the collections in the church were very bad. Peeple expected the church to be kept warm, and they ought to give what they could for the maintenance of the church. They paid to go to the music halls, &e., and did not mind sitting in the cold. These thingscoold not be arranged without money, and, therefoTe. people ought to be in earnest and give more.—Mr. Taylor pro- Posed that the plate system should be introduced to show what the people gave.—The Vicar said they would retain the bags, because unless people were willing give they coald not compel them. He did not b^lieve in forcing people to give.—A vete of thanks to Mr. Wools (vestry clerk) concluded the meeting. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. The annual meeting was held on Tuesday evening. The Vicar (Rev E C E Carleton) predeled.end there were also present—The Revs. 11 R Wild and T W Barber (curates), Messrs W J Foeshaw, J Halton, Dienbabin, J Cox, E Rose, J Colledge,Herrisen Rowsen. Boeth,Dyke, Percy Randall. (organist), and G F F White (vestry Forehew presented the churchwardens' accounts for the year, end, in doing so, said that the re- ceipts, amounting to £298 19s ld,ware not quite so large as last year. This migiet be attribated to the fact that last year they had more special collections for the curates' fend. He regretted that Mr. Byerley was unable to te present owing to illneee.The expenditure amounted to £2BB 9s Bi, leaving a belanes in band of £lO 93 sd, but there were a few outstanding items to be paid.—Mr. Rose proposed the adoption of the accounts, Mr Cox vconded, and it was unanimously carried. The accounts of the Weeclall charity showed that the receipts had been £ll 183, and the disbursements £ll 9s al, leaving a belance of fis ld. The Chairman said that these accounts ha l been audited by Mr. Welsby. and remarked taat on tue recent visit of the Charity Commissioners to Warrington he had been able to show them that the affairs of the char't y were in a very satisfactory condition.—The accounts were passed on the proposition of Mr. White. ThoVictie appointed Mr. Forshaw as his warden, and, in doing so, paid a high tribute to that gentleman's worth, and to his work in connection with the church. —Mr. Jelin Halton was appointed people's warden, on the motion of Mr. Rose. The following gentlemen were elected sidemen Messrs T Welsby, Dunhebin, R W Rawson, E Booth, E Rove, JAMS Harding. Gerrard, Colledge, J Cox, G F F White, Hunt, Dyke, H W Naylor, and Hignett. Mr. Howson end Mr. Westbrook were re-appointed lay delegates. Mr.G.F.F.White was re-elected vestry clerk, and Mr. Harrison, auditor.—The Vicar tendered his thanks to these gentlemen and the officials in general for their services in the pest. He said that it had been a great pleasure to him to work with them, and be must also mention Mr. Randall (the organist) and the choir. Be believed the choir had never been more efficient than at present, and he thanked them personally for their services, and thought he was voicing the feelings of the vestry by doing so.—Mr. Randall suitably responded and a vote of thanks to the Vicar for presiding concluded the meeting. ST THOMAS'S CHNRCH, srocKroN HEATH.

NJ A. •-••- The vestry meeting of this church was held on Tues- day at noon. The Rev. H.V.Pigot(the newly appointed vicar) presided, and there were also present Rev. S. P. Gray (former curate in charge), and Messrs. E. W. Woods (vicar's warden). William Richardson (people's warden), Robert Davies, A. Down, F. Rose, E. Brad- shaw, Wesley Dallow, F. Warburton, and Magnall. The accounts for the past year were presented by Mr. Richardson, from which it appeared that the total re- ceipts amounted to £258 64 nil. there being a balance due to the wardens of £l9 17s 11ii. The general offer- tory realised £1379s 51, and the special offertory £67 las 511. The general offertory was £4 9s 2d, more than Wit year. the special offertory being £67 183 5/ I.against £67 15s 81 last year. The wardens' share of the offer- tory had been £4B 18s id. Mr. Richardson observed that he thought. if they wished to keep the church ac- counts in a satisfactory state, the wardens should be granted the harvest festival collection and the proceeds from the parochial tea party. The time had now come when they should settle the matter of finance.—

The Chairman: Is the profit of the teaparty pledged in any wAy ?—The Rev.S. P. Gray replied that ic was not.

_ —Mr. Richardson We want to put the accounts on a propr bisis to ply their own way.—The Rev. S. P. Gray did not think it would be right to maintain the church from the profits of the parochial tea, but from voluntary offerings. However, that was not a nutter

or discu-ssioa so far as he was- concerned.—The Chair-

man was of opinion that it was not necessary to decide

the point that day. It was a suggestion which could be considered in due time.—The Chairman had pleasure in nominating Mr. E. W. Woods as his warden. He was

very anxious he should be in office again, because he had such a thorough acquaintance with the .rork ot the parish. Mr. Woods had consented to serve.—Mr. Woods pointed out that he had been churchwarden for 18 years and it was therefore quite time someone

else had a turn. It was -at one time in that

parish thought that a certain anilunt of legal know- ledge wati necessary for suc!a an office, but he believed there would be nothing but strai:,,,,htferward_ sailing in

the future. Mr. Pigot load only just entered upon' his duties, and he was willing to stay with him as warden for another twelve months. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Robert Davies said he felt personally indebted to. Mr. Woods for his services, and he asked Mr. Richardson to take a similar course for another year. He proposed his re- erection as people's warden. They were equally indebted to him for what he had done for the parish.—Mr. Dal- low seconded, and the motion was agreed to uaani- mously.—Mr. Rishardsen, in reply said he had intended to resign office this year, but in the circumstances he was willing to serve another year. (Hear, hear.)—The following gentlemen were re-elected sidemen :—Messrs R Davies, C Seward, A Down, r J Lee, J H Clarke, J Pearson, John Jeffs, and T R Westbrook.—Mr. Davies suggested that an annual sale of work be held in the parisn once a year as was done, and successfully, in the parish of St. Paul's. That would help them out of their financial difficulties.—Messrs Woods and Lee were Ire-appointed lay representatives.—The Rev. S. P. Gray I handed over to Mr. Pigot sums of money connected with organizations in the pariah amounting to £33 193 su remarking that every fund had a good balance in hand. The penny bank was in a very nourishing condition, and the accounts had been audited by the public auditor. ihe books were still in his hands.- -- sir. Woods took advantage of that opportunity to say a few words of thanks to Mr. Gray, woo had been with them for several years. They had always worked most amicably together, and it was evideat from the large congregation which assembled in the church on the pre- vious evening that Mr. Gray possessed the good-will of the whole of the parish.—Mr. Richardson seemded, and said he could endorse all that Mr. Woods had just said with regard to Mr. Gray, who had been with them for three years. The services had been conducted in a very effieient manner. (dear, hear.)—Mr. Rose, as organist, and Mr. Davies also added their testimony to Mr. Gray's worth and work, the latter commenting upon the peace- ful manner in which the work of the parish had been conducted during the past twelve months. They wished ' him well in his future career, and hoped that when he came near the parish he would net forget his old friends. —Mr. A. Down also spoke in a similar strain and said that, as deputy organist, a pest he had occupied for 10 years, he could testity to the good fceling that existed between the choir and Mr. Gray.--After a few words from the Chairman the motion was put to the meeting and heartily agreed to.—The Rev. S. P. Gray, in reply, said he thanked are speakers for their kind expressions with regard to him, and he alsa took that opportunity, to thank the congregation for the Easter offerings given to him. One accepted that as a still further expression of goodwill on the part of the congregation. The :brae years he had spent in the parish had been happy years, and it was with a feeling of deep regret in many re- grets that he would leave his work at Stockton Heath. It was, at the same time, satisfactory to know that there was now a permanent representative of the church in the person of Mr. Pigot. (Hear, hear.)—Ttie meeting ooecluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18990407_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JAMES', LA.TCHFORD.

The annual vestry meeting in connection with this church was held on Tuesiay evening in the schoolroom. The Rlv. F. E. Powell (vicar) presided. There was a fair attendance of parishioners including :—Rev A Mac- d Messrs C Sa wkins Burgess (vicsr's wa.rden),J H Warburton (people's warden), George Venn, T E Gibson, H N Houghton, W H Saustielcl, W Eckersley, J wood, F Pierpoint,F Booth, J H Green,Hilson,Jefferson, Morris and several ladies.

Toe VICXR alluding to the appointment of his warden, said Mr. Burgess had been his warden, and no one could have rendered more efficient and loyal service than he. fie had never yet come across a churchwarden who had more intelligently and more faithfully and loyally filled his office. (applauee.) He regretted very much indeed that he should not have his services any longer. Mr. Bergess had been in office new far over twelve years,and even it he had been destrou3 of serving again he (the Vicar) did not know that it would have been wise for Linn to eentinue, for the reason that it was undesirable for anyone to monopolize the office. There must be others, who, if they were not able to COlll9 up to the standard already set, yet ought to have a chance. He also referred in complimentary terms to the services rendered as people's warden by Mr. Warburton. His work in the choir hal been such as the whole congrega- tion could cengratulate him upon. (Hear, hear.) He lied great plea3ure in nominating as his Ward3n Mr. George Venn, eeace he was thankful to say, had seen his way to accept office.—Mr. Ee.kerel le. nominated Mr. Warburton as peoele's warden . Mr. Stansfield seconded, and it was cerried.—The Vicar suggested that the Vicar's warden should appoint one sideernan, the people's warden and vestry a second, and the congreeatioa a third.—Mr. George Venn, in nominating Mr. F. Pierpoint, returned thanks to the Vicar for nominating him as his warden. He felt it would be diffieult to follow in the footsteps of Mr. Burgess, but he would do his best. (Hear, hear.)-0a the motion of Mr. Stanstield secondel by Mr. Warbur- ton, Mr. Millwood was elected as second sidesman.—Mr. Burges3 ma le a few remarks upon the following re3olu• lion, which ton vestry was asked to approve :—" That the proposal of the Mayor and burgesses of the borough of Warrington to purchase a portion of the churchyard for the purpose of widening Wiklerspool Causeway, sub- ject to the conditions approved by the Bishop and Churchwardens, be agreed to, and that the consent of this vestry be given to the application for a faculty sanctioning the said purchase." He said the resolution was one agreeing to a draft agreement which had been drama up between the Corporation and the churchwardens, and they wanted the consent of the vestry to apply for a faculty to sanction the agreement. The land comprised 327 square yards, and was to be sold at 103 per square yard. The total amount there- fore, to be received was £163 10s. In addition the Cor- poration had agreed to pay over to the churchwardens within a month from the time that the alteration was made the sum of £5O towards the co3t of erecting new fence 3 to be erected by the incumbent and churchwar- dens. The perceee could be altered if neces,ary. He had had a clause added ta the effect that the cost and expenses in connection with the agreemont and the ob- taining of the faculty were to be borne by the corpora- tion. He had eadeavoured to get a portion of the money derived from the purchase of the land for the purpose oh paying off the debt CenSequ9nt upon the re- storation of the church, and to enable them to build new vestries, for which they had a faculty. They were not allowed, however, to have the money for such a perpese. The whole (£313 103) would be applied to in- crease the endowment, and he thought after all, that was the right and proper thing to do with it.—The Vicar said the Town Clerk had said that he would put the churchyard into proper order for them.—Mr. Bur- gess added that the Corporation had agreed not to re- move the trees, and hid consented to pave with wooden setts the land in front of the Church and in front of the Vicara,ga.—On the motion of Mr. Warburton, seconded by Mr. Millwood, the resolution was agreed to.— Mr. Houghton proposed a vote of thanks to the retiring churchwarden 3 and eideemen.—Mr. Stansfield seconded, acid express ,et a hope that though Mr. Burgess was re- tiring from ottlee he would continue his connection with the church.—Mr. Eekersley supported, and it was heartily carried.—Mr. Burgess, in rei:urnine thank3,said he wished to thanks the Vicar for the kind and generous manner in which he had spoken of him, which was only a repetition of still kinder words he had slid to him in titivate. It was a satielactioe to him to know that the Vicar admitted that he had been loyal both to himself and the chukch during the few months he had been his warden. It was twelve years since he first-accepted the late Vicar's nomination, and the did not think anyone would blame him for not wishing to continue longer in office. He congratulated Mr. Powell on having secured the services of his old and valued friend. Mr. Venn as his warden, and could assure him that he had made an eecellent exchange.— He could not speak in too grateful and appreciative terms, of the assistance that was given to him by his ce-warden, and the Choreh officers a few months ago, and if anything had tree lacking on his part in the exe- cution ef a delicate and an arduous duty, he trusted the failure had been overlooked and was new forgiven and forgotten. There would always be a place in his prayers for those who ministered and those who worshipped at St. James' Latch- ford.—Mr. Warburton also returned thanks.—Mr. Burgess submitted a detailed statement of accounts frem which it appeared that the expenditure had been £173 53 81, and the income less by £6 8. He also read a statement in reference to the Church Improvement Fund, upon which there was a deficit of £l3l 3s id. The liabilities of the church, therefore, amounted to £137 113 IL—Mr. Venn proposed the adoption of the accounts awl they were appeoved.—Messrs. Burgess and Hough- ton were re-appointed lay representatives.—The follow- ing were appointed to the Church Council :—Messrs Venn, Warbureen, Pierpoint, Millwool, Gibson, Stens- field, Burgess and Houghton (ex-officio tnember4) and Messrs. Rekersley, Aetley, Booth, Rudduck, Farghar, Archbald, Tongs and Hutchinson.

CYCLUS.—Special Ladies and Gents Machines at £7 15s See Windows, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-st., Warrington.

BitiT Boors FOR ALL. UNDBR THE CLOCK.—iidvt. LA.DIBS BEST GLACB BOOTS AND SHOBS UNDiIS THE CLOCK, RRIDGFE-STRBBT.—AcIvt. UNSHED CO:ABOUND " (Tr ade Mark for Coughs and Colds. of proven efficacy. 130. Sold lsy Chemists —Advt

===== 0002601_18990407_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAGIC SUICIDE NEAR WARRINGTON.

Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Eagle and Chili, Rixton, on Tuesday afternoon, OR the body of Elizabeth Ball, aged eighteen years,dauglater of a publican of Lougtoa, Staffordshire, who had fer the past three weeks been in service at the Eagle and Child, and who committed suicide by jumping into the Ship Canal on Sunday.—An uncle of the deceased identified the body, and said that on Saturday afternoen he came to visit his niece. Sae me:, him at the station, and ap- peared then to be in good spirits. Shortly after wards, however, she complained of being unwell, and went to bed. He did not again see her alive. She had left home on two occasions because of unpleasantness, but he knew of no reasen why she should commit suicide.— Mrs. S stnnah Alieney, wife of the tenant of the Eagle and Child. Rixton, said deceased had been in her employ for three weeks, and always appeared to like her place. She only appeared despondent when she spoke of home. She had mentioned that some timh age she had injured herself by falling from a chair, and she sometimes suffered great pain in consequence. —A labourer on the Ship Canal camel Marsham stated that he was going te his work at Rixt)n at ten minutee past seven on Sunday morning. When near Warburtora Bridge he heard a dog barking furiously. It kept runn- ing to and fro near the canal. He went to see weat was the matter and found a woman's hat and fur boa on the bank, and looking into the canal he was jut in time to see a woman sinking. He shouted to a passing steamer and a boat was put out. The canal was dragged, and four hours later the body was receverad.—The jury re- turaFd a v.irdict of " Suicide during temporary in- sanity," and expressed the opinion that the insanity was caused by the sufferings in consequence el the injarg she had received.

A WARRINGTON MAN CEIARGED WITH ILL-TREATING A PIG

At the Warrington Courvy Potty Sas donsson Wednes- day, before Messrs. Claude Morrie (in the ch lir), John Crosfield and Joshua Ball, Ricoar I Roberts (assis;.ant to Mr. Mynekyne, pork butcher, Market-street. Warring- ton),w as chArged with having on the TA March, at Walston, croeny ill-treated and abused a pig by kicking it. Mr. Browne appeared for the defeece ani denied the charge.—Ellen Fairhurst stated teat she had sold some pigs to Mr. Mynekyne. The defendant came to her house to remove then nto Warrington. Tney had t he taken from the pig sty to the float. The animalg "were awkward," and the defendant kicked them. One pig coald not walk and "then he started to kick it on the head." WitU,s3 was understood to say that the de- fendant's kick broke one of the animal's legs,lt was about eight months old.—By Mr. Browne: The pig had been lame a few days,but it had got all right.lt had slipped in the cote. The defendant could not get the float near the sty.—Mr.Brawne,for the defence,said the case had been brought into Court merely owing to a dispute, Mr and Mrs., Mynekyne having made a deduction for tha broken leg of the pig. Mrs. Fairhurst, who was a highly respect- able woman, admitted that the animal had been lame. The defendant was in the service of Mr. Mynekyne and he was sent to Mr. Fairhurst's for the pigs. He found when he arrived that he could not get the flaat near the cote, and that the animals were whet was called "frost- bitten In tee limbs." The result was that he had te get the assistance of a boy to almost carry the pigB from the cote to the float. He never kicked any of the animals. The injury complained of must have been done a fortnight or three weeks previously.— The defendant was called and denied the charge a cruelty. He did not kick any of the animals. Be simply used his leg to move the animal's head to get it along.— Charles Brown, pork butcher, in the employ of Mr. Mynekyne, said that when the animals came from Woolston he found that one of them had a broken leg. There won) external bruises, and the injury must have been inflicted a fortnight or three weeks.—The Chair- man told Me. Browne that he need proceed no further with the case, which would be dismissed.

_ Warrington.--. Printed and published by John WAL$Ett -CP* at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-streel and published by them at the same place and also at lilt Examiner Offices, Victoria-road. Wiomes ; 42, Georg; street, ST. HELENS, and 3 Market-street, EA Ri.EsTovr_.4:4 the County of Lancaster and also at High-street. In the County of Cheeter.—ADEL 7 1899

18th, /tom Beats

APR ea. t 0... G 1 ZOok

TI TIo Ivor the Se St) b mast;

===== 0002601_18990407_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTErS EXHIBITION OF PROVISIONS 221 BUTTERMARKET STREET.

NEW TALE. A WEIRD STORY OF THE SEA ENTITLED "THE SE AF &RERS," BY . J. BLOUNDE L LE-BURTON, Author of " The Scourge of God," "Across the Salt seas," "The Clash of Arms," "The Gentleman Adventurer,""• Denounced," etc. WILL COMMENCE IN THE "EXAMINER," NEXT WEEK. SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS Are woven into a dramatic account of one of those mysterious diseases which are known to afflict the people of Oriental climes. • THE HORROR OF THE SEA broods over this fine dramatic tale of LOVE AND SELF SACRIFICE! I DEVOTION AND DEATH 11l DON'T MISS IT! "T HE SEAFARERS,' COMMENCES IN NE XT filr7 WEEK'S ..E4XA.MINER."

CHRISTADELPHIAN ROOM, BOLD-STREET WARRINGTON.—LECTURE (n.v.) 6•30p.m., April Sth. Subject " Salvation : What is it? Are we saved now ?" by Mr. G. WAITE of Wigan. Seats free, No collections or *Sarin NEW GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON.—MEETINGS ON LORD'S DAY. APRIL 2ND as follows : Worship 10-30, School 2, Gospel c•3O. All seats free. No collection. Books provided. RUNCORN UNION.-SHEDDING ACCOMMO- DATION AT THE WORKHOUSE, DUTTON. The GUA.ItDIANS INVITE TENDERS for the EREC- TION of a SHED, 21 feet long and 11 feet wide at the Workhouse, Dutton. Plans and Specification may be inspected on application to the Master at the Workhouse, Duttca. Sealed tenders endorsed " Tender for erection of Shed" to be delivered at my office not later than Monday the 24th Instant. The Guardians 4o not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order, JOHN ASHTON. Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn, 6th April. 1899.

RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RUN- CORN.—GRANITI3 MACADAM. The RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL of RUNCORN IN- VITE TENDERS for the supply up to the 31st day o MARCH 1900, of about 2,000 tons of the best GRANITEr I,IACADAM broken to 2 inch, 11 inch, 1 inch, and f inch gauges; delivered carriage paid, in such quantities, and at such times as directed by the District Surveyor, at any rail- way station, or wharf, within or near to the Council's Dis- trict Samples to be forwarded, carriage paid, to the Workhouse, Dutton. Specifications and forms of tender can be obtained at my <Mee in Runcorn. Beale 4 tenders ad,ressed to the Rural E:strict Council of Runcorn to be forwarded to my Office in Runcorn on or before MONDAY the 24th day of APRIL 1899 endorsed Tender for Nlacadam." The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the Council to be held in the Board Room at the Workhouse Dutton on TUESDAY the 25th day of APRIL 1899 at 2 b'clock in the afternoon. PrThe Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest er _ any tender. By Order. JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Council. Runcorn, 6th April, 1899.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE SUMMER TERM. SCHOOL OF ART. COMMENCING APRIL 4nt. SPECIAL DAY CLASSES in PAINTING STILL LIFE 'mid DRAPED MODEL 10s 6d per term. JUNIOR DAY 'CLASS, 211. LIGHT AND SHADE, Friday Evenings, ss. The above Classes free to Sessional Students. WOODCARVING, Friday Afternoon, 10e;and Evening ss, DRESSMAKING, Thursday APRIL 13th, Afternoon los, Ilvening 2SHORTHAND, Tuesday, APRIL 11th at the School of Art 8 Bd, aSPA.NISH, Thursday, APRIL 6th, at the School of Art s 6d. Further particulars at the School of Art, or Museum. CHARLES MAIDELEY. Secretary.

ON AND AFPER SATURDAY, 6TH MAY NEXT, the BANKS in WARRINGTON will OPEN on bATUIWAYS at 9-30 and CLOSH at 12 o'clock noon. By order, Pot parr's Bank Limited, JOHN MURRAY, Manager. Vor Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Co., Ltd., R. G. HENSHALL, Manager. Or the Lancashire and Yorkshire B.nkL hutted, F. W. GILBERT, Manager. l'or the National Provincial Rink of England, Limited, R. H. MRLDRUM. Manager. 'Or the Union Bank of IYlqnchester, Limited, W. HARRIS WRIGHT, Managers

COUNTY BOROUGH OF ST. HELENS. The CORPORA.TION of ST. HELENS are prepared to ,ePt loans in sums of £lOO and upwards for terms of 5,7, LO years, at £3 per cent per annual. Interest payable half Jeal'l37. Offers to be addressed to JOHN BROWN, Borough Treasurer. Town Hall, 5. Helens.

" • WELITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. k •9 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. 'CYMRIC Wed.. ...April 12 I MAJESTIC! Wed, April 19 beyond Cabin carried on MAJESTIC and TEUTONIC only. Third Class passage at low rates including Outtit free of eharge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or, Baltimore ..41)Ply to ISMAY, !HEM, and Co., Liverpool and 34. -tiesdenival. street. London 8.C.. ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. S. NUMIDIAN for Ouebec and Montreal.... ..... April 20th 6.8. SIBERIAN for St. John's,N.F.,and Halifax April 22nd 845. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...April,27th 843. LAURENTIAN for Quebec and Montreal NlaY 4th Is's. CARTHAGINIAN for st. John's N.F. and Halifax May 6th .1,:aloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage 25 rough Tickets to all points at special rates. irOA.NADA.—llandbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars 43,.e° on application to ALLAN BROTHERS ec CO., 19, James- Liverpool ; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington _ ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAME VS from LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA.SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND aLiuuld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at JOHN W ALI= AND ‘)O.,

LORD BROS EASTER SHOW OF COSTUMES, COSTUMES, COSTUMES FROM 9s. lID. TO 425, ALTERED FREE. FIT GUARANTEED. AT 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

“BEG PARDON, EXCUi E ME, BUT WHERE DID-,” "OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPEOIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECE-SVRETIP, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU." iiiLLL in DEBT or DIFFICULTIES should consult Mr. A. LEWIS. P.1.A., 9, Union-court, Castle-street Liverpool. Creditors arranged with without bankruptcy or legal proceedings. Consultltion free. All persons served with writs or summonses should apply at once.

DOG COLLARS.—First-class Collar, collie's or terrier's. with name and address, Is 6cl post free ; Muzzles half-prise.—ROBERTS, Engraver, 87 Lord-street, Liverpool.

RUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. BEIGINOTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9 Grosvenor-street Lou oan-road. Manchester.

f • -t,4,'____--'4- _,,,,,5,,-... BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. ~ WARRINGTON CORPORA.TION CONCEN- TRATED MANURE. TWENTY-FIR9T SEASON. General Agent: Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, near WARRING-TON.

WEDDING AND BIRTIIDA.Y PRESENTS. A. cso COINS, WAR MEDA LS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COIN 4, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63-RENSHAW-STRERI, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

NUTTALL'S, THE RENOWNED ENGLISH HOUSE AND HOTEL FURNISHERS, SPECIAL GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTHS, &c. THE SALE WILL BE THE LARGEST AND MOST GENUINE EVER HELD IN LIVERPOOL. COME IN CROWDS FOR THE BARGAINS. CATALOGUES IND ESTIMATES POST FREE ON APPLICATION, 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVRRPOOL. TERMS: PROMPT CASH ONLY.

UMBRELLAS ! UM BRELLAS ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNS HAD E:5 RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM 38. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

LONG WORTH PAPER MERCHANT. BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s cw CHEESE „ lie „ PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER, 13s ~ BLUE OR PINK,. 12s 6d , CAP PAPER, 14 by 20, 7id ; 16 by 24, 101 d ; 19 by 29 is 3d per ream. SWEET BAGS, loz. 10d, 2 ozs. is. 4 ozs. is 2d per 1000. 6000 1 SIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, is 6d 1000. NOTE PAPER,3O'per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 Arm 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

NV. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELA.GH-SPREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

STARCHING A PLEASURE! THE NEW STARCH, L. E. THOMAS & Co's. GLOSSIER STARCH Requires no glaze, may be used with hot or cold water. Saves time, trouble and expense. Ask your Grocer or Chemist for it. Sold in packets Id. and 4d. Sole Manufacturers : • L. E. THOMAS & Co., Prince's Buildings, Edge-lane, Liverpool. Ask your gtocer for sample packet.

111 E SENSATION OF THE SEASON. THE MAZEPPA CYCLE. Famous for Speed, Durability, and Finish. GENTS' Road Racer or Roadster ....... Or 12 Monthly Payments of 17s. 6d. LADIES' (Perfect Models) Or 12 Monthly Payments of 17s. 6d. Catalogues Post Free. MAZEPPA CYCLE COMPANY, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL (OPPOSITE CRANE & 6ONS).

HYGIBNIC SPRING CLEANING. PAYTON'S WALL PAPER CLEANER PINK BRAND. WILL MAKE WALL PAPER EQUAL TO NEW. ANTISEPTIO AND HEALTHFUL. EASY or APPLICATION. A SHILLING TIN WILL RENOVATE A LARGE ROOM. ALL GROCERS, OR is. 6s. CARRIAGE PAID. PAYTON MANUFACTURING CO., 10, NORFOLK-STREET, MANCHESTER.

IARLOW'S 110 POWDERS, Cure Pain In Face, Teeth, Limbs ; Neuralgia, Sciatica. Rheumat- ism, Anemia, &a. All Chemists is 1;c1 and 23 9d. Testi- monials post.free, ILIALEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle. GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IN CASES oF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GO 'T, SCIATICA LUMBAGO, HEADACHE. PAINS IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES, CHILBLAINS, ex, PRICE Is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECIIA.PEL ; 7, CHURCH-STREET; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EVANS, BON AND CO., and JOHN THOMP- es, Liverpool.

WILLIAM LINDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of B I L L I A R D BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, - (*AMES Che3s, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PART,OUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLITBS, Puff and Darts, - an PUBLICS. skittles, &c. Estimates given. 381 SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET. BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON TRADES AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION PARR HALL, APRIL IST TO 29rn, 1899. HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR, ALDERMAN J . B WRIGHT, J.P., has kindly consented to formally declare tke EXHIBITION OPEN, this day SATURDAY AT 2.30 PROMPT. DOW'S OPEN AT 2. NATIONAL LADIES ORCHESTRA, CONDUCTRESS: MADAaI RHODA LESLIE, 3 to 5, AND 7 to 10, The Building crowded with Exhibits, representing WARRINGTON INDUSTRIES. EXHIBITION OPEN DAILY, 1 TO 10. ADMISSION 6D, ALL DAY. Season Ticket ss. Half of the amount will be given to the Warrington Infirmary. Immense attraction for Bank Holiday. IW. J. HOOFER, Manager.

OWEET PEAS (sow Now). ECKFORD'S GIANT FLOWER.EIf VARIETIES. We have dizoarded the old sorts and made a speciality of these really grand Novelties of the easiest culture In evety garden. all post free. COLLECTION OF EIGHT NOVELTIES (separate) 3s. 6d. COLLECTION OF TEN CHOICE SORTS (separate) 2s. 6d. 16 Ounces, in 20 Splendid Sorts (separate) for 10g. 8 Ounces in 10 Splendid Sorts (separate) for 58. Superb Mixture of 30 Sorts, per lb 3s. 6d. For fu particulars of the above and other good things for every garden see our Concise List, post free. KEE. AND SONS' CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVfCRPOOL.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION 1699. THIS SPACE IS RESERVED FOrt VISITORS ARE REQUESTEDffO PURCHASE THEIR PROVISIONS FROM POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S, PROVISION MERCHANTS, 221 BUTTERMARK ET STREET. 22, BUTTERMARKET-STREET.

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY STAND No. 9. FOR CHOICE BEDROOM SUITES.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR TWO MONTHS ONLY AS AN ADVERTISEMENT TO ADVERTISE OUR NEW STUDIOS WE SHALL PRODUCE FOR TWO MONTHS ONLY, 12 PROMENADE MIDGETS FOR 12 HIGHLY FINISHED CARTES ss. 12 HIGHLY FINISHED CABINETS EXTRA FOR CHILDREN AND GROUPS. The New Studios have been erected upon the most approved principles and neither pains nor expense spared to make the same the FINEST STUDIOS IN THE DISTRICT. J. PARKINSON'S NEW STUMOS9 EGYPT STREET, QUEEN'S GA RDENS, WARRINGTON. NOTICE.—EGYPT STREET IS THE FIRST STREET ON THE LEFT GOING DOWN BOLD STREET,

NUTTALL'S RECONSTRUCTION SALE. THE WHOLE OF MOSS HOUSE HAVING BEEN PURCHASED BY NUTTALL'S IN OPEN MARKET, THE CHIEFS HAVE DECIDED ON GREAT ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS THROUGHOUT THE BUILDINGS, THEREFORE THE ENTIRE STOCK OF £75,000 VALUE MUST BE CLEARED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE COST PRICES. NUTTALL,. SONS, & CO., MOSS HOUSE, 15, 17, 19, 21, 25, & 27, MOSS-ST., LIVERPOOL.

N UTTALL'S, HOUSE FURNISHERS FOR THE MILLION. ENTIRE PREAMES TO BE ,ALTERED AND MODERNISED IN ORDER TO MAKE IT THE FIRST AND FOREMOST IN THE KINGDOM. THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS THIS IS THAT THE ENTIRE STOCK BE CLEARED. HIGH-CLASS NEW & SECOND-HAND FURNITURE NOW , FFERED AT ALMOST GIVING-AWAY PRICES, To EFFECT AN INSTANTANEOUS CLEARANCE. Goods Packed Free and Carriage Paid to all parts. All Cases and Wrappers to be returned. 15 TO 27, MOSS-STREET, (TOP CORNER OF ISLINGTON) LIVERPOOL. TERMS PROMPT CASH ONLY.

TAM O'SHANTER AND CiRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO LTD ESTABLISHED 1859. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, ARE UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY 14INISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CATALOGUE CONTAINING FREE INSURANCE COUPON, POST FREE °ON APPLICATION. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depits and Show Rooms 359 NORTH JOHN STREET LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE No. 7090. SOLE AGENT FoR WARRINGTON: MR. A. KANWAY, 37, BuTTERMARICET STREET. BOLE AGENTS FOR RUNCORN : MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, lawnioNoErts.

DO YOU REQUIRE FASHIONABLE TAILORING FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. MEN'S TWEED SUITS, NEW COLOURINGS FR.011 MEN'S BLACK VICUNA. AND WORSTED COATS AND VEST FROM 15s. 6D. MEN'S STYLISH TROUSERS FROM is. 6D. The Choicest Selections in High Class WOOLLENS and WORSTED Suitings. FROM THE BEST MAKERS IN THE KINGDOM. YOUTHS SUITS. All up to Date. Stylish. At Popular Prices. BOY'S SUITS. A Marvellous Assortment of Styles in the Essex. Howe, Leslie, Lincoln, Viscount, Sirdar, Baron, Howard, Sultan, Stirling, West End, Grant, Oval, Golf, Norfolk, &c. From 3s. 11d. to 10s. 61. The Largest Stock of Juvenile Specialites in Town. ORDER DEPARTMENT. SUITS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from TROUSLRS TO MEASURE in New Colourings from ............ ....... ...... SS. 6D. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, B.ORSEMA.RKET-STREET, WARRINGTON,

rp 10BACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HA RGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 65 Years.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 168. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 248. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 98. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE -STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Cybibition gibbertis'ements.

W. He AND C. LAWLESS ARE BOILING TOFFEE EVERY DAY AT PARR HALL. GO AND SEE IT MADE. BEFORE LEAVING THE EX HIBTION PURCHASE A Jib. FANCY TIN OF BUTPER AND TREACLE TOFFEE, 6D. IT IS DELICIOUS. SEE OUR SHOW OF CHOCOLATES AND COCOA, IN CENTRE OF HALL OPPOSITE CROSFIELD'S.

CALL AND SEE THE IMPROVED WOODS' PATENT WIRE CYCLE SADDLE IN THE MAIN HALL OF THE PARR HALL. STAND No. 15 AND 16. _- FITTED WITH NEW WROUGHT STEEL CLIP. WEIGHT GREATLY REDUCED. ONE ; MONTH'S TRIAL ALLOWED.

STAND 38. S. H. JORDAN, PICTURE FRAME MANUFACTURER, CARVER AND GILDER, MOUNT CUTTER, &P. IMPORTER OF MOULDINGS, Dealer in High-class Prints, Engravings, Photogravures, Water Colors, Oil Paintings, Opals, Chromos, &s. 135, BRIDGE STREET, (BRIDGE FOOT), WARRING-TON.

SEE WILLIAMS AND CLAY'S, STAND No. 23, TRADES' EXHIBITION, PARR HALL, FOR THE CELEBRATED PRIZZ MEDAL SWINTON RANGES. Slow combustion Grates, Mantelpieces, Tiles for fireplaces walls,pavements,etc., etc. PARK BUILDINGS, CROSFIELD STREET, WARIZINCIT9,Iy,

SfAND 41. THOMAS ALLEN AND SONS. SANITARY PLUMBERS, GLAZIERS, PAINTERS, AND DECORATORS, NOTE THE ADDRESS: MERSEY STREET, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

No. 34 IN CORRIDOR. EXHIBITION TOY STALL. USEFUL PRESENTS IN FANCY GOODS. HOUSEHOLD BRUSHES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION MADE BY THOMAS PRINCE. BRUSH MANUFACTURER, 4, HORSEMARK ET-STREET. SPECIAL NOTE IT PAYS TO BUY BRUSHES FROM THE MAKER.

W. BOOTHROYD'S NOVELTY STAND. ELECTRIC PIANO, THE GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE. THE LATEST STYLE of POLYPHONS. SYMPHONIONS for HOTELS, RESrAURA.NTS, &C. &e. ALSO ANTE-ROOM FOR EDISON PHONOGRAPHS, G-RAPHOPHONES AND GRAMOPHONES. These Talking Machines, Talk, Laugh, and Sing all the Latest Songs. Agent for COLLARD & COLLARD'S celebrated PIANOS. 134 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

M. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS. CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on tbe Latest and Most Approved Principles. Ltimates on i‘pplication. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

REFRESHMENTS! THE EXHIBITION BAR is under the Management of MESSRS. J. SHILLCOCK AND P. 11. LAKE. GREENALL'S CELEBRATED ALES. BASS'S GUINNESS' DUBLIN STOUT. WINES AND SPIRITS OF THE FINEST QUALITY. CIGARS OF THE FINEST BRAND. POPULAR PRICES.

YOUR VISIT TO THE EXHIBITION IS INCOMPLETE UNLESS YOU CALL AT STAND No. 29, AND HAVE YOUR HANDS PRACTICALLY EX- PLAINED BY THE SCIENTIFIC PALMIST, E. H. M OND. FOR AN AFTERNOON'S GOOD FISHING, DN'T MISS THE FISHPOND. THE LATEST ELECTRICAL NOVELTT.

J• S. GARLAND, TRADES EXHIBITION, STANDS No. 10, 11, 12. SEE OCR SPECIAL EXHIBIT OR PREMIER, NEW RAPID, AND EXCELSIOR CYCLES. PRICES FROM £7 15s. 0c1.; EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISHING IRON- MONGERY, BRASS FENDERS, &c,, &c. ALSO AT 51. 53, 55, 13R1DGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1899. VISITORS SHOULD NOT FAIL TO SEE W. SMITH & SONS' ELASTIC STOCRING-MAKINCi MACHINERY. The Only Makers of ELASTIC STOCKINGS, LBGG/NGS, KNEE CAPS, ANKLETS. and ABDOMINAL BELTS in Lancathire. Smith and Sons' Elastic Stockings are extensively worn by Ladies and Gentlemen. Professional Men, Shopkeepers and Assistants, Artizans, Postmen, Soldiers, Sailors, Policemen, and all Athletes. W. SMITH &,- SONS, 37, BRECR-ROAD, LIVERPOOIi. STAND 48.

SEE WILLIAM PARKINSON'S STAND IN CORRIDOR (NEAR STAGE), FOR THE BICYCLE CHAIN BRUSH, A BOON TO CYCLISTS. ALSO THE JUHEL GEAR, A WONDERFUL INVENTION. Cyclists should ;see the Trouser's Clip and Lock for Cycle (Combined). AGENT for SMITH fc SONS, NOTED CYCLES" SALTLEY," AND THE WOODSTOCK TYRE. WILLIAM PARKINSON, 2, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

STAND NO. 18. INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, 1899. EDDOWES AND CO,, LTD., MINERAL WATER MANUFACTURERS AND HOP BITTER BREWERS. FACTORY: SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. AWARDS RECEIVED. fifoldldadatand Diploma, International Brewers' Exhibi- tion, 1894 ; also Prize Medal for Ginger Ale. EDDOWES AND CO., LTD., WARRINGTON.

1199. TRADES AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. PARR HALL. TEA, COFFEE, AND REFRESHMENT ROOMS. Don't forget a cup of Pure Tea or Coffee will refresh you, and thus add to your pleasure and enjoyment. CAKES, CONFECTIONERY, ETC., WARRANTED PURE Fa°lt PARK BAKERY, SANKEY-STREET. The Bakery is fitted with the latest I\l?chinery and Ovens for the production of Bread and Confectionery on the most clean and Hygienic Principles, and is open to visitors to the Exhibition for inspection. Being the most moJern and up-tJ•date Bakery in the district, it is well worth a visit.

NATEDDING ELNGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- V carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fit. TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur• chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

GEDDES' DANDELION coFnm The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J.. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLI RED 1833

Influenza's After=effects. Influenza is always attended by other dangers, It breaks down the barrier of health and leaves the weakest parts of the system exposed to the attacks of disease. Bovril will speedily restore vitality, re- fortify the constitution, and effectually ward off threatening complications. Should Influenza symptoms develop, avoid beef teas, which are merely stimulants minus the nour- ishing and strengthening constituents of the meat, and take Bovril, which possesses all the nourishing as well as all the stimulating properties of the primest lean ox beef. Bovril triumphs over all dietary difficulties in sickness and in convalescence, ...; - ~;.\N ' l'''' 1 • r .0,-:>-, -4. „, ; ~......--, ; ..04 0 . ;- ••-;-,A,',4_ *4;:---• i r '-r-1 4P, / , • "N, . _t. , / • 1 - C," ;,,.. . 4.- • • 2: i -,. ak . :. j, 464 j I.' V f ----\ ,- ‘ 1 f, v: ( iv e...,- k. ...;., t e : a To use Bovril is to be certain of absolute purity, Bovril is prepared only from the finest selected oxen reared on the rich pastures of Australia and South America; and as a pure condensed food of the highest value is endorsed by the greatest authorities on dietetics and medicine. trt.r,--- ne ;A:ZW-v--1 zS4S-Vs-531 :,- #ilf7: i-- -4'.'11, -licr.2,:iike '''r 4,1-, •I' -A kI,A4 :4 - --, !,1.,%- :,3 nf Nt; Z:l'.; ke IV v 1 ,1",),, -1(4I IVICI; 71:*4 N't'l*;"-li,/ 0 t:tiV . V4-t%l4A:‘' ;ics-_,..x.7,- ....- .4,..,./•... - ~.. ,„ t4t . ,•4 *4 • •,,' tV2/4-ro4i, 1, ' -zat.z,-!)‘''' z-7,-;.? --o,t.:ri.- ~,.; 7 ',:ite1,,,..4,,,z05,,e,..,,zv•i:,,,,,,,,,,,.,4,,,,,,,,, utit,i-.1v1.12,,,..111,-.-4.1,,,,,4 ' ''''''.--!::' ir?':' Ctl'.. 3, 41,,f'. ''t

TA 7 Diamond Dye Fast Blacks (for ',.., . wool, for cotton, and for silk 7 7t. and feathers) are guaranteed the 0 4 ,4 strongest, fastest, and blackest A .4 Dyes known. Diamond Dyes can be had in ?/,.1 4 all colours and are made specially 4 for home use. They will dye „, ('. cotton, silk, or woollen goods, 7. »i.... 1 and the colours will not fade or p.,4 0 wash out. Sold everywhere, 3d. & 6d. packets. N'r. ~ • / •, , , i 0 11. dainty booklet, " Successful, Homo i) A yeinl," and sariv,le card of 4., dyed 1 cloths, sent gratis and post ire.e by .4 i DiALUND DYES, 31-32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.G: ..,. „ \a'

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MExicaar HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charminglV eautiful, as well as prom.iting the growth. Price 3s. 6d or bottle.— Advt. FLORILINE I—Fo- THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ.. ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilini "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— A dot. CLARKE'S B 41 PILL': are warranted to cure. in either sex, all acqaired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free frac!' Mercury. Established upwards of 3) years. In boxes 4s. "6d each, ot all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th ougb but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched ' linen, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.---a Cornwall, says :—Ms wife will not finish our linen without your Starch alms." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform von that I have tried many w- eaned Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be ued in every house. Sold at 11., 3d. and 6d., by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro u: c it. T Carrenrxv Blackburn. Pr prietor.—Advt• IMPURITIES 11% THE Moon.-- We have seen floats of letters from people who hive received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities. This is a good stimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it t p our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Advt (4) atto94-e4-voa.4>oosa.sitv eatfe,rite4,o - Symington's Edinburgh Coffee 0 S Essences are made from a se- 43. lection of the finest coffees grown. • Sold in small and large bottles 0 47,1 by all Grocers. G. 0.34 00 000341)4043141*(9.41144 4004“11

DRAUGHTS. (" EXAMINER," APRIL 7TH, 1899.) All Communications including solutions to problems, and problems for Competition, must be addressed to the " Draug:As Editor," " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must nmch the office not later than the first post on loll' AY morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased t 3 naive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enquiries]. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS C. POWELL, WARRINGTON; Many thanks for Vroblem. E. DOLIAGHY, PADG ATE ; At 31h move, note (a) In your criticism, inp•tead•of 18-14, play 18-15, 22-18, 15-11, 18-15, 11-8, 3-12, 13-9, 5-14, 6-2,16-6, 2-18, and W. wins. We fail to see where -.2lie draw comes in. -- SOLUTION OF PROBLEM NO. 27. BY Mn. E OGDEN, WAERINGToN. Black men on 3,4, 17, 26, 27, and 28; Kings on tS, and 25. White men on 10, 12, 14, 16, and 24 ; Kings on 2, 6, and 7. White to move and win. 16-11 3-12 - 16 18-11 10- 6 9-18 11- 8 12-19 2- 7 2- 9 12- 8 4-11 24-15 11- 2 5-32 W. Wins PROBLEM NO. 28. BY MR. E J. POWELL, WARRINGTON. [clam ]

eV/A e A, ', I !, .r,%°.lU 74,c' ../cD

. 3 ..._ .... sI .., , 4., . . iya , ,;----,,,, -:..i.(;:g.,_ is ,'.l-°\\/(1..--`) 11)14\/ ~, ~.o - ' i: ''' t' i E '7llO--.,,i in,,i, L),\o. ' ..-. \--.., ;,..,-__‘:, :,., 5,/.\ D• . .__.:-.., 1., i,./ ..\ 1,, • i „... .z.:.\,.... 4.7 A ,„ ' , I . . r.-... ~... •• .- F--, -, k 5.,,,.- --- • ~., ..-., •• --- . . . . . ", •-, • i '4,4 '- .. . -0 ri' . „. (, ( ',--- ' 11 . '-4 ,-- -:•-e''''2'; 2 -''‘ ''' ..,‘ \\T;''t::' .., . . , , '' . '''' •'' -,-'7: ''' . ~. 's ----• t '''-' 3 V , "...: .• . ' , ..... . , - - ~.... _-_-- ,' : ...\ •- , -,'.'-- .?.::. s.:kA, ,-,' . * ~,, % • . ‘. ‘._3 . ..,......‘ , ( Catal9•J e -rt........:;:"..tt‘''' . i',.:'.Y.':ic ''' • 1 . ..... •, .. ....._ 1 , ' .:- ' %,7,....—.1y1 •Of , t•'.,,,•'. ' , ",:i'T'AV: .--*':'' - , ( 05t ::::i,,.....:.:ii:..:it.",,.‘;:;.--.:;,,i0i:X1_ti...:.'c'11;‘:,r,.‘.';::.„.11.', _ ,- • • . . :•,• P' , -...: ~..\ ' ---..,-- .ikik.,.,.....:.....,..._______„ .... ..• ~,•,.. ~,k:.‘ - . ~.\L--..-;;:-_ _ - ----"-- . - -.. , ‘ \\ , . .....1 k I. ~....., ' ~.,,, - l'‘ • , --/ iA. .. ‘4,..:::, 7,,,,,,..L___.,_ 7 -,',-,::;- -•-•,---7:----,-----: --,..- , ,-;:*-----,-,•,. ‘'.' • ' . ' ''''''/' '—"r''''''''' 1 ..,.. . ''' ~'"N '"•:,.'..., :'.--7,,---77--- '-'"----- .- . -_----. , -,.'-',-----='__---i---,—_ :, - ~..-., `........., , . :".;/...:,::::r' A\ ''''. - ---',L-=-7---' . --------,- -.'-'-r=•,'W.----_?- ' r.:=_ '.*"..,.....-..' . • • .:',.‘/'' ''.'''''''' • , ''l ' ' '!;' '';',i'l ';..li:t, ' ?..-.......1-7,--..-'..-1-- -_ ~ -,-:;-,:;-.,.:',,,-,____ ~-"•••:1-,;. '--%, - ....,,-,; :..i.,5.-•':', . . ,44 . ~..' ...i\,,. i- :, , . ,•,.;,,, ';4::',,, r- -,, - •••••••••••,-,. --,,: ~- -- -.-:- - _....._;, w 7 ';ni--1----,-;,.'-.-____ ..- .. .. , .:.- r,.-'-. i ~,,,,, „it, ~ ! , 1 tiq ~,,,,...F....- ~ ..,,,,--- ---........,...... ...' l'." ' . Ar''.l4, f p,s, '".., .',:!:'' i '..'li''-../,'-r -. .--Nliiis,o- - ..,..- _ - -_,_ , , , 4•,,1f, ~ r , , , 1,, , ...: ''' I - ' . _7'; ~..I'', - W---' ' •'.,-.--- -- ----, , '2.-41" --k,, ,ll.i I f i ~. 4 !,..,,,,,, ...,Q,---•,,,,----.-:-------,--,—_--•,-;,-- ,----,—.----,_;- ----- - —E. -, -----?,,,, -yii il ~ ll4 ~i.,.-N.y.---,-.Q.,-,--.:.:_ -__,,,,ifigilf,-;.--,-,.-_-_:, -, „ r) rit..,.. t :------ ipioll, q • "", -- ip',7,,1.,. ,:*-.; •--,--.,- -'-.---7---_:. V, _:-----,.3,..: ,-- .....5 _ -, r 1 . ___-_-_- ,:- pr,,,di-f„, I,i. I 11617 ; i:1;, -, ',`,.‘•.•'•,,,,\ ~.\.N.,------:--.-:.---------.-w, 77 _-_=---- (4....w/': ~% '''' i— . yeti. t i!i 1—.7....-----_ _.----7\,1'1..4' ,' ii "': i pit *o' ~,,±e,,,,,%;::-..‘ , •,,-.,k,,. , -..,,,,,z__=,, __,_.., - .-7-7-7- i _ _:,.._ ,--_______---- -,...; 411 1‘,11,p. Ali ipi ,:;_,w7,1-Yr,•,, \ ,',',:\,,-,,, --..,--,;,----....„, _-___,„_„---2-. __ ______ ~,, ._:„.„..„,..., __,,,./_-___,:'..-_,---,_.,,:,,,-,4 - ---si. lli 1 /'''V''4A''. :.:-- -' - ___.-- -.-%,:. ' \ -4:: ,-. .1:4,,,,. .„ , ._,---...--,---.- -.-,...,- _ ----, .• - ,--__... -...\-• 1 , „...t. ill ~ _ , --,..-- •-• .„....--_____.,_, 1a,...,,,. 3, , - ~: ' ;•,-, _..-- -- - .• - _-- , -----------,...--... -..•-• ---- ----, 7- _- _ ..._ --_,.....-----_,-_,,- -,,- 'te,rlrifisli ingS ,s, B anu receipt of ai to comple ' ohes, s WANTED,: Nl;e -••••,.. 7"1-Zr.rj, '' '

WANTED, GENHRA.L. about 18 ; small family, house- maid and nurse kept, £l6.—Mrs. BAMPToll,lMillbrook, Tekley.

yvANTED for family. GENERAL, iron collars, plain cook, £l3, if washing £15.-152, Souninsrac-Rosn, Southport.

IVANTED TWO Good GENBRALS or Howsetnaid and General. Washing. Mrs. REYNOLDS, 392, Reines New-road,Weaste, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, 18 to 22; able to wash; three children in family, youngest seven; wages £l3 ; railway fare paid.—Mrs. CLARK, 169, Woodside, Burnley.

WANTED HOUSEMAID, experienced. disengaged, also Cook-Generals, Housemaids &c., want places.—Miss METCALFE, Bryngwynedd Registry, Colwyn Bay.

WANTED immediately. COOKS, Housekeepers, House- maid-Waitresses. Generals. also Nurse-Generals, Re. Good wages.—Miss TuxNza's Registry, 50, Sunderland- street. Macclesfield.

114 ALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- YI Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthl,y Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—•' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

LADIES' REGISTRY OFFICE FOR RESPECTABLE SERVANTS. WANTED, COOK-GENERALS, HOUSEMAIDS, WAITRESSES. GOOD GENERALS, ETC., FROM COUNTRY WANT PLACES. STAMP FOR REPLY. MARROW'S, 1345 MARKET STREET, EA rcLESTOWN, LANCAaH I RE.

Oggs, Voultrp, scr. TAIERTILE Dark Brahma EGGS from a grand pen; 4s. 6d 1 a sitting ; well packed.—H. B. BAILEY, Harden, near Bingley.

GGS from Pure-bred White Leghorn, prize strain ; _EA 3s 6d per sitting. Mrs. LEWIS, Aldon Farm, Craven Arms, Salop.

UGGS FOR SITTING.—White Leghorns, ss; also on 1:1 Sale, Silver Wyandotte Cocks, 1898, 10s.—Mas BROAD- BENT, Latchford, Warrington. IND lAN GAME EGGS from winners at Hull, Shrewsbury, Plymouth, 6s 6d sitting. No. 2 Pen 6s.—CARTWRIGHT, Ditherington, Shrewsbury.

WHITE LEGHORN% Prolific layers. Sittiugs prize pen 4s ; second pen 3s dozen. Untertile replaced.—MOoßE, TIPPING, Alderley Edge. Cheshire. HIGHLY COMMENDED White LEGHORN EGGS 3s. 6d. dozen; warranted.—Mrs. BM:NEMER, Brooks. square, Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire.

EGGS from massive well barred Plymouth rocks, Abbot's, Butterfield's prize strains. 3s 1,6 d per 13, unfertile replaced. C. BUCKLEY, Losley, Sheffie'd.

BFLOWN LEGHORNS—EGGS for Sitting, from wonder- -1-1 ful layers ; pure-bred prize strain ; pece 3s 6d for 13.—. Mrs. GROOM, Buckatree, Wellington, Shropshire.

12OR SALE. pure Minorca and Langsbans, 3s• ; Houda—n and Silver Wyandotte Eggs, 3s. 6d. per dozen; Hunter's strain.—Apply R. P. WARD. Lubstree-park, Wellington, Salop:

T-14 GGS for S tting from grand pen Black Orpingtons, LA prize bred, ss. ; Brown Lerthorns, 4s. sitting ; unfer- ti'es replaced ; inspection invited.—thinumr, 9, Crosby- road. Birkdale Southport.

EGGS for sitting, from Pure Bred Black Minorcas and _LA White Leghorns good laying strain, 2s 6d a sitting. 3s packed. J. HUGHES, Bruche Heath, Padgate, near Warring- ton. No business done on Sunday.

E GGS.—From Buff Rocks, Golden, Buff, and White Wyan- dottes : prize winners ; first-class winter layers, unfertiles exchange,' ; 4s 6d per eitting,carriage paid, Parcels Post.—GRAHAM, Friar Mall, Caldbeck, Wigton, Cumber- land.

-LIGON FOR SITTINGS from splendid pen of Black Minorcas Cock and Millins strain 3s. 6d. per dozen ; also from grand pea of brown Leghorns, Lister Heys strain, 2s. 6d., and from very good pen of white Leghorns 2s. 6d.; packed; unfertiles replaced.—TArLoa, Ascot House, St. Martins, Salop.

GGS (PRIZR STRAINS) Rocks, Orpingtons, Silver Wyandottes. Mlnorcas, Houdans, buff and white Leg- horns, 3s. pr doz. Buff and Partidge Cochins. buff Orping- tons, light Brahmas, and Indian Game 3s. 6d. ; Emden Geese, 8d each, Incubators £1 10s. Rearers from 7s. 6d. Grit Smashers 3s. each. J. G. Pow.N.ILL, Barrow Hall-lane, Sankey, Warrington. EGGS from grand SPECIMRNS of the following varieties. White Leghorns, large eggs, Langshans Black Orping- tons, lovely tinted eggs, Indian Game and Black Hamburgs all bred for laying purposes, 4s 6d per sitting ; unfertiles re- placed ; carriage paid ; only one pen of each kept ; chickens 10s 6d per cozen with hen; inspection invited.—J. A.usscow, . Broomhall-road, Peudleburv, near Manchester.

UGGS FOR SITTING from the following breeds: !slack .121 Minorcas, White Leghnrns, Brown Leghorns, Red Caps, Blue Andalusians, Houdens, Buff Cnchins, Barred Plymouth Rocks, Black Orpingtons, White Brahmas, Black Langshans, Silver Wynadottes, Indian Game; and the following Crooses (male bird first) : Houden—lndian Game, Brown Leghorn—Rei Cap, Brown Leghorn—Buff Cochin, Brown Leghorn—Golden Wyandotte, White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Buff Orpington—first cross hens. All eggs one price, viz, 3s per sitting packed, put on rail ;2s 6d to those who fetch them. All unfertile eggs replaced. At HENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-lane. Lowton (near Newton-le-Willows). No business done on Sunday. Five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station.

THE ASHTON-IN-MAKERFIELD(LANCA.SHIRE)POUL- 1. TRY FARM and PIGGERIES.—Two hundred to choose from, all bred in my free delivery piggeries. Great variety oF pure bred poultry, some of the best blood in England; Including Crystal Palace Cup Strains direct. 12 eggs a sitting. Modern Game (black red), Cap- tain Heaton and Ainscouglfs, 21s. ; Old English Game (black zed), Lord Londonderrys% 10s. 6d. Indian Game, 58. ; Black red game bantam, prize birds, 4s. ; White Leghorne (Unsworth's), 48. ; Brown Leghorne (Widd s), 45.; Buff Leghorne (Hind's), 43. ' • Buff Cochin, 48. ; Partridge Cochin (Webster's). 48. ; B. S. C. Orphington prize birds. 4s, ; Plymouth Rocks (Upjohn's), 4s. : Black Hamburghs (Unsworth's), 45.; Silver Polands (Taylor's), 45.; Golden Wyandotte (Unsworth's), 4s. ; Andalusians (linsworth's). 4s; Aylesbury Du3ks (prize birdB),4B. ; Rouen DuckB,4s.• Muscove Ducks,4B. ; Indian Runners(Hunters).4B; Bronzes Turkey's Eggs. 6d. ; Embden fieese (Prize Geese), is. an egg ; great variety of pigeons (ovild), and tame rabbit runs. No business on Sundays—WESLEY COWELL, pro- prietor.

For nearly 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO, WOMANKIND. They are .the best known remedy for Anemia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite. Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities and all Female Ailments, Itates, 4d„ je. and 4s. 6d. May be had holt! Chemists and ...atent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Dn. DiVI9, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1893 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Maker of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. OUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD.. 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL,

G; H. & H. m. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

HANDSOME PARLOUR SUITE Payments taken comprising Ladies and Gents easy and four small chairs and couch upholstered in red figured £6 10 plush. Well made and very cheap. S. OD.

HANDSOME Pair of BEDROOM Payments taken TABLES in solid Ash Tile Back and bevelled Plate Glass, 26 10S. OD. splendid workmanship only,

lIANDSOME Pair of OIL PAINT- Payments taken INGS by Leslie Large size Gilt Frame. Very Massive. Cheap. R 3 S. D. 59, CHURCII-STRERT,

1 AIME Stock of KITCHEN and Payments taken 1-1 BEDROOM CHAIRS, Sce.from 2s 11d. Fenders from 6s 11. Fire Irons, Hearth Rugs, Carpets, Tables Sofas, Pictures, and Clocks, Vases Re. Very cheap.

MBN'S. Youths and Boys, COAT. Payments taken VESTS and TROUSBRS.Very cheap. Fine lot of new and second- hand Blankets Quilts and Sheets. Very cheap. -y- AIME STOCK of OIL CLOTH Payments taken 1.1 from Is 20 per yard. Splendid Patterns and Good.

Men's and youths Mole Trousers from 3s. lla. Cord Tweed 4s 6d.

BUYERS requiring good honest PIGS to feed, can get cheaper this year from R. D. GARRATT. Barton, Beds. PILES. Hundreds successfully cured by EASELIB, the great physician's discovery. Worth £l. Post free is. id. SPEEDING, Bone-setter, Batley, Yorks. IIiALSBY. TO BE SOLD, four freehold HOUSES; well' tenanted ; four bedrooms ' - water in houses, price £3OO. each or sell singly.— Apply W. MUSGROVE, Helaby, near Warrington. LILASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay LA three or tour profits? Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—Smmt A SONS, 37, Breck- road, Liverpeol.

THE Anglo-American Surgical Rubber Company will for- ward on receipt of two stamps a PRICE LIST of RUBBER APPLIANCES.— SURGICAL RUBBER CO., 117, Newport-street, Bolton. O'BRIEN 'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest xables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.--3. O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

A CHANCE IN A LIFETIME ! A really good thing for lA_ a coming race ; sure to start at a good price; wire is 6d. Will also wire one really good thing per day. lerms ss, week.—DALY, Moore-street, Sheffield.

TIC AND NEURALGIA CURED instantly, by TIFECIO 1 PILLS. Fifty sears success; hundreds of testimonials. Sample box sent free to immediate applicants enclosing stamp for pustage.—Tahco Co., Sleaford, Lincs.

46Ery TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury. London, N.

FISH.—ON receipt ot 10s will forward stone Cod, Li ii- Haddocks, &e., 8 stone of Codlings or Haddocks. 108 ; Kippers and Bloaters, 2s per Lox ;or will send a bass of Selected Fish for 2s 6d. Salt Cod. 16s per Cwt. LACY AND SON, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

9110 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive .I. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOSKING. 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICE THIS. T HAVE a Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOOD), 1 passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 31t Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark (trey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, with lead attaclied 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap ....... 1 6 Good All-wool Rugs, 41bs. weight. 3ft by 6ft Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 46in by 42in White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eyeletholes, 46in by 42in ?. 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size • 6 o Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 251 t long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Eed dheets, lift by sft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real bkin, full size Surcingles with Rollers 2 o Tarpaulin Covers, made up to any size, is per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. J GessoN, Government Contraltor, Rye.

EADE'S PILLS. L'ADE'S pILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism sbould immediately EADE'S pILLS. have recourse to EADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pus, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE S pILLS. the wonderful power thebe Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in I their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. )HE UM ATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course G OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RHBUM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have hal the least G U pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RH RUMAT' SIM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A. BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased hi answer any poor sufferer who cares to write R TasurdaTlsla we (enclosing stamped address). hang you eviiiy 8,T.0e"? 'Yours truly ALBARI, Moinvratx." UADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Che Mists Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d or tent post free for 'Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 12, GOSWELL-ROAD. 8.0. Ask fo and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND xiIIIEU MATIC PILLS. EADII s PILLS

MICR SALE. Cheap Home-made Underclothing and Small- -12 ware BUSINBSS, established upwards of 30 years.- 62, BOALER-EMEET, Liverpool, E.

Eti be Let. PENKETll—Cottages 4s. Od., 3q 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLA.M-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent 210. MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. PENKETH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s 3d per week. 85, HOWLEY LANE, rent 5s per weeti. 7, MILL-LANE rent 5s 6d per week. 9, PERCY-STREET, rent 4s 6cl per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET.— 61,P RIESTLEY-e rRF',ET ,WARRINGTON. geed corner SHOP.—Apply Mr. R. LOWE, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington. rro ',BT.—HOUSE No 6, Academy-street.—Apply Woote 1. 8: SON, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rrto LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE rents 4s. Apply _L WOODS & SON, solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton. po LET--LARGE ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O, A_ Apply WOODS Sc Sox, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. rpo LET, SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfor rent £l3.—Apply WOODS Sc Sox, Solicitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington. PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS Sc Sox. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

B LACKPOOL.—TO BE LET, as a going concern, one of the best HOUSES in the town.; iugoing £260; retiring. Apply 16. YORK-STREET.

TO BR LET a CORNER SHOP in Longford-street, corner _1 of Earl-street Warrington, Bath-room, etc.—Apply W. FURNESS, Haydoek-street, Warrington. 1110 BE LET, Good HOUSE; every convenience; garden J. front ad back ; ten minutes from Padgate Station.— Apply J. SMITH, Langsdale, Fearnhead. HDLACKPOOL.—To he LET, large Company House, Lons- dale-roach, one minute from se %; 30 beds, large public room, bath w e., two pantries, lifts &c.—Apply 52 LUNE- STREET, Preston.

IRUCi- BUSINESS. established over 40 years, some hands 2a years; good going concern.—Full particulars from W. FOWLER. IC4 High-street. Little Lever, Bolton. -VOR SALE as a going concern, combined ERY and FANCY BUSINESS, centre of Leigh ; leaving through ill-health. MACQUEEN, Railway-road, Leigh, Lanca- shire.

T 0 BE LET or SOLD, Cannon-street Foundry, with Machinery and Patterns in use in this district ; with Fitting and Smithy Shops; also residence.—Apply T. TILL, Cannon-street, Hanley.

iflarbiticrp, etc. _ _ LIT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Lingineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

joE)A TENT OFF JCR MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Maser GEORGE DAVIEB & SON have had more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PITT, (Just J pasLtOstA:pioOnN-R through Railway ERailwMayAANrCchH)E S T . 1 THE LARGEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL I FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE PROVINCES. P'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22*, 28*, 38*. 50, 75. 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, are acknowledged by experts to be honestly WORTH DOUBLE the PRICE ASKI,D. Full particulars on applicatioa. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payment by arrange- ment. e.- PITTS'S NEVV Illustrate..? FURNISHING GUIDE is creating quite a sensation, as never before has the STRAIGHT ROAD to a GREA.T SAVING been so Oak ly indicated, pITTS'S have secured the following House of Furniture exceptionally cheap, the late owner being compelled to realise through unfortunate syndicate specula- tions. It is very seldom, indeed that an opportunity like this occurs of furnishing at about a third of the usual cost, especially considering the exceptionally high-class chasacter of the goods, which are in every respect, as good as new. Briefly they are as follows, and will be sold in lots or separ- ately. HALL FURNITURE oonsists of Mahogany Hatstand, two Chairs, Side Table, Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet; let cost £24, for £ll. DINING-ROO M.—Grand Suite American Walnut, 9 pieces upholstered in first-class manner and covered with real Morocco leather ; cost £47, for £22. Dining Table to match massive and bold ; cost £7 16s, for £3 10. Magnificent Side- board, really worth £53, for £2l. Table for window recess ; cost £5 for £2 10. Overmantle, cost £6 for £3. Real five- frame Brussels Carpet, cost £9. for £4. Real Skin Rug for 21s. Bronze Timepiece and Figures, £4 4s ; cost double. Brass Fender. Fire Bruises. Fire Dogs ; cost £5, for £2 5s Two Vases, 355. Coal Vase 188 6d. DRAWING-ROOD/I.—Exquisite Suite, rosewood inlaid, nine ple:tes, covered in rich tapestry ; cost £5O, for £2O. Inlaid Table, to match, cost £4 10s, for £2. Elegant Inlaid Cabinet, cost £4O. for £l7. Music Cabinet, Li. Card Table, £1 Is. Overmantel, cost £7, for £3 3s. Velvet Pile Carpet £5 10s, cost double. Skin Rugs, 14s and Is. Brass Fender and Fire Brasses, cost £5, for £2 2s. Tiled hearth, fitted complete. MORNING-ROOM, in real saddle bags, mounted with rich Utrecht velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Easy Chairs, and set of small Chairs, Extending Table.Cheffonier,Overmantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete, cost £55, for £23. BEST BEDROOlL—Splenoid Suite in American walnut ; large Wardrobe), bevalled plate-glass' exceptional conveni- ences ; large Dressing Table, with bevelled plate ; Wash- stand, with marble top ; Pedestal, and four Chairs, cost £75; for £35. Massive all brass Bedstead. with spring mattress, bed, bolster, and pillows ; cost £l6, for £8 10s. Toilet Service, 15s 6d. Carpet, Hearth Rug, and Fonder ; cost £5, for 355, SECOND BEDROOM.—Chiripendale Mahogany Suite ; Wardrobe, Dressing Table, Washstand, Pedestal, and Chairs ; cost £49, for £24. Brass Bedstead, complete with spring mattress, bed, bolster, and pillows ; cost £ll, for £6. Carpet, Hearth Rug, Fender, Toilet Ware ; cost £6, for £2 10s. THIRD BEDROOV.—Satin Walnut Suite. complete ; cost £2O, for £5; Bedstead, coat £3 10s. for £l. lOs ; Spring Mat- tress, Bed, Bolster, and Pillows, for 32s 63. Carpet, Hearth rug. Fender, Toilet Ware; cost £5, for £2. FOURTH BEDROOM.—Decorated Suite,Bedsteacl,Carpet, Fender. &c., £5 lOs the lot, all complete; worth double. KlTCHEN.—Dresser, cost 22 10s, for 353 ; Table Is 63 ; four Chairs, 10s; Fender and Fireirons, 10s; Oilcloth, 20s ; sundry other articles, such as Mowing Machine, &a. PITTS'S CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS. —. All British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stoek. Astounding value. Grandest display ever seen. PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLE=, BASSINETTES, Lamps, China, Glass, Eat thenware. Magnificent Selec- tion, ~...--- VII ITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY 1 FURNITURE. Every description of Bookcases, Seers- taires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, . at about half City Prices. SArkitTEL PlTT,.Establishd 1845. LONDON ROAD (just past Station), Manchester. Ardwick, Lougsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

LADIES! LADIES ! Mrs. STAFFORD-BROOKES, the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complahlts, has much pleasure in announcing that her REMEDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEDICINE Is he only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not interfere with household duties. I guarantee every case. Send at once stamped addressed envelopes for full particu- ars and most convincing Testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a Penalty of £1,000) to Mrs. STAFFORD BROOKh'S, 50, Bradgate-road. Catford, London S.B.

-WOMEN'S AILMENTS. IRREGULARITIES, ac.,—A Lady, having tried in vain every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter bow stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FREE OF CHARGE by enclosing stamped env.lope. Don't experiment with Werth. less Fills, Mixtur ....me:. and other injurious nostrums' Write at on . .en full HOPE AND CONE DENOE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR. 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane London.

To Close a Trust. Desirable FREEHOLD and LEASEHOLD PROPERTIES in WARRINGTON, including a valuable OFF-BEER LICENSE. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY ESSRS. J. MAINIVARING AND COMPANY 131. At the Corn Exchange, B'ue Bell Inn. Warrington. on Wednesday next the 12th April, 1899, at 5 for 6 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to the conditions of sale to be then produced and read, and in the following or such other lots as may tee deterrained upon at the time of sale : LOT 1 —All those Four Leasehold DWELLING-HOUSES. being Nos. 178. 183. 182, and 184, Winwick-road, Warrington with the yard, outbuildings, and appurtenances thereto be- longing, containing in the whole 646 square yards or there- abouts, and In the respective occupations of J. Fay, Edwin Rhodes, Michael Boyle, and William Appleton as monthly tenants. Gross annual rental, £59 16s. Od. This property is held for the residue of a term of 999 years from the Ist July, 1869, subject to the annual ground rent of £5 7s 8,1 LOT 2.—A1l that Freehold SHOP and DWELLING- HOUSE, together with the yard and appurtenances thereto belonging, being No. 21. Winwiek-road, Warrington. where the business of a provision dealer is carried on by William Allen, and occupied by him as a weekly tenant. Gross rental, £l5 12s Od a year. This property occupies a good corner position, and is situ- ated in s busy thoroughfare. LOT 3.—A1l that Leasehold PROVISION SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE. being No. 82, Longford-street, War- rington, late in the occupation of Mrs. Mary Bloomfield, to- g-ther with the valuable OFF BEER LICENSE attached thereto, and the yard, bakehouse, and appurtenances thereto belon hag. This property is held for the residue of a term of 999 years (except the lest seven days thereof) from the Ist November. 1874. subject to the annual epportioned ground rent of £2. It is situated in a populous and rapidly-developing neigh- bourhood. LOT 4.—A1l those Five Leasehold DWELLING-HOUSES, being Nos 72, 74, 76, 78, and 80, Longford-street. Warring- ton, with the yards, out-buildings, and appurtenances thereto belonging, and in the respective occupations of John Hill, Joseph Thompson, Thomas O'Malley, T. Fitzpatrick, and Mrs. S. A. Atherton, as weekly tenants. Gross annual rental, £5B 10s. This property is held for the residue of a term of 999 years from the Ist November, 1874, subject to the annual appor- tioned ground rents amounting in the aggregate to £4 18s. Bd. The leases and under leases respectively relating to the said leasehold properties may be inspected at the sale, and previously thereto on any working day within one week prior to the thy of sale between the hours of 10 and 4, at the offices of the vendors' solicitors, and the respective pur- chasers shall be deemed to have purchased with full notice of their contents. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Bridge- street, Warrington ; or to JENKINS AND CO.' Soli itors, Bank Chambers, No. 1, Winwiek-street, Warrington.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AG-ENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK•STREET, WARRING-TON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

flotrls, ?Pptroo, fiaarDtng COtab,

LONDON. -NA TILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. OUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams, Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage Ind Galvanism. J. BO@COCK, Proprietor.

ODuration.

MOTTRAM GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—VACANCIES for 1 Fall and Weekly BOARDERS. For terms, &c., apply HE A r) MASTER. I)OARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, LLANDUDNO.— ..1P Good education. Fees from 6gs. Principal, Miss MOXOII, Frou. Church Walks.

WEST KIRBY.—GIRTON HOUSE: Miss Hocicr.y and Miss BUTLER : most successful school for Girls ; house beautifully situated on Parade.

-14-R. W. 11. PAYTON AIUS. BAC. VICT., —UL (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc„ at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET. Warrington.

WARRI NG T 0 N GRAMMAR SCHOOL-. THE NEXT TERM WILL2BEGIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 20r7f Tbe HEAD MASTER will be at home to interview parents. on Wednesday. April 19th. Prospectus. Ac„ on application.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 45. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins MONDAY, APRIL 17th. 1899. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, THE SAMEI:DAY at 9-J a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W COX, Receiver.

Apartinentot &eurntoeb 3pouOtss RHYL, COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS; with or without board; terms moderate; piano.—Apply Amos, 7,Bodfor- street.

BLACKPOOL.—Apartments close to Talbot-road Station, sea and new promenade. Mrs. Rai...mit, 27, Dickson- road.

,OUTHPORT.—Superior APARTMENTS; very central; 1-1 terms moderate. Address M 153 SUMNER, Earlsdeane, 47, Derby-road.

COLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Bstab- Bailment, near sea and woods. Terms very moderate. —Mrs. BRACKSTONE, Plas-y-Coed.

Too LACKPOOL.—Furnished House or Apartments ; bath; eonventent, quiet place; no children ; good attend- ance ; terms moderate.—B., 4. LONDON-ROAD.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mrs.WIL- soN's, Portfield, 19, Waterloo-avenue, South Shore. Board if required; one minute wall( from sea.

onep. Do YOU WANT TO BORROW on Mortgage of Property, Reversions, Shares under Wills,&c., at 5 per cent, per Annum? Consult COOPER and Shaw, 26, King-street, Man- chester.

NO PRELIMINARY rhES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PAIVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, in sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than ;,usually charged. Repayments arrang,d to meet borrowers requirements, NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1833. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares, at the following low rates : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6cl. 90 £lOO „ 40s. 99 £6 16s. Od, Any otlier Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2i to 4 per cent. per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. 11 OHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES 1.1 FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. sKONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry; on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply at VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive ,bweeiselv the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, V, £lO, -MG, £3O, £BO and upwards.

BICYCLES. LADIES' AND GENT'S FROM 10s. TO £lO 10S., Equal to any at 50 Per Cent. Higher Prices. ACCESSORIES correspondingly low. Venders 35., Foot Pumps, 2s. 3d., etc., etc. Mail Orders particularly attended to. Send for Catalogue. ARENA NJYCLE COMPANY, 27, ST. JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE LIVER CYCLE COMPANY, 105, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. OUR SPECIAL LINE. CYCLES MADE ENTIRELY BY B.S.A. Co., £lO 108. Cycles Complete with Dunlop or Palmer Tyres from £9, Including Lamp, Bell, Bag, Tools, &c. A SPECIAL CHEAP line at El 15s. complete. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS TOR AUSTIN CYCLE COMPANY, MANAGER, D. DAGLEISH.

OLADE'S CYCLE DEPOT FOR CHEAP AND GOOD CYCLES. AGENT FOR PREMIERS, GLORIAS AND TRENT CYCLES. HUMBERS : LADY'S OR GENT'S £lO 10s. OS. The SLADE CYCLE. Lady's or Gent's Rti 10s. Od. Inspection invited. Price List Free. Returned Railway fare to purchasers. Also Carriage paid. 2. COLQUITT-STREET, 1 DOOR FROM BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. IT IS WORTH SOMETHING TO KNOW WHAT YOU AltS GOING TO GET. YOU TAKE NO RISK WHEN YOU PURCHASE AN ENFIELD, HUMBER, SUNBEAM, OR ELSWICK. PRICES FROM £lO. E[ITCHINGS, 74, BOLD-STRIth.T, LIVERPOOL, R. MAC LENNAN, MANAGER.

THE SENSATION OF '99• FIRST GRADE £lo 10 0 (B.S.A. and Palmer Tyres). POPULAR' BEE" £B 0 0 (Dunlop Tyres). THE BEE CYCLE & MOTOR CO., lA, WAVERTREE-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Illustrated Calalogue and Press Opinions Post Free. £lO B.S.A. £lO DUNLOP OR PALMER TYRES. THE MOST GENUINE OFFER EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. We build a Machine of genuine Highest Grade. 1899,13.6. A. Fittings, Palmer or Dunlop Tyres, Brooks Saddle, Brampton or Eadle Chain, size of frame, gear, and ,shape of handle-bar, AS required. FOR 210 Beautifully enamelled and plated on copper, guaranteed to be finished in first-class style by competent and experienced workmen on our own premises. KINDLY NOTH PRICE. including tool bag, tools, pump, &c„ complete, TEN POUNDS. 7 12 s 6D . Our No. 2 CYCLE, Dunlop Tyres on Westwood Rims, complete and guaranteed for twelve months; a perfect model. £7 12s 6d. Gradual Payments Accepted. SQTUART, WILLIAMS' AND CO., 37, EDGE-LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTAB. 1892. Plating, Ecamelling, and General Repairs receive our best attention.

rrHE SYREN CYCLE AND MOTOR COMPANY, I. 101, Smithdown-road, have the most up-to-date Show of Cycles and Motors in Liverpool. Come and see them. New patent frames, hubs, tree wheels, brakes, and all latest accessories for ease and comfort in cycling. Have you seen them—if not, why not ? They will be cheerfully shown and explained, and you will not be pressed to buy. Every machine we sell is fully guaranteed for twelve months. We have had 25 years' experience as makers and riders, and our knowledge is at your service gratis. Save money by dealing with us. Racing men look out for our patent hub when you meet it on the track. We gaurantee it two seconds faster per mile on track. It is quicker on a sprint—the cross binding on ball races being entirely eliminated by our patented construction. A revelation in hill climbing. You can withdraw and replace back wheel in frame, fitted with fixed Carter case, in one minute. So simple a lady can do it. We invite everybody to see this genuine improvement, which can be fitted at small cost to Machines in use, It will be universally adopted. Repairs prompt, cheap, and good. We guarantee all our repairs. Estimates free. Cycling taught perfectly by experienced tutors. Look us up at once. Cycles and Motors hired by hour, day, week, or month from 6d. per hour. Only first clots Machines kept, and a pleasure to ride. Several Secondhand Machines, Roadsters, Racers, and Road Racers from. 505., all in good condition. Every Machine guaranteed and put in order before selling. Finally, don't mistake our address—The SYREN CYCLE and MOTOR COMPANY, 101, SMITHDOWN-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telegrams, Syreu, Liverpool. Telephone, No. 40, Sefton Park.

WHY BUY UNKNOWN MAKES OF CYCLES WHEN YOU CAN PURCHASE A GENUINE HUMBER (LADY'S OR GENT'S) FOR ll) 10S. AND SAVE THE COST OF AN ACCIDENT POLICY. HITCHINGS, LIMITED, SOLE AGENTS, 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. MAO LENNAN, Manager.

44 4-1, LEJOLUS" CYCLES. BEFORE PUROIIASING YOUR 1899 MOUNT, INSPECT OUR SPECIAL ROAD RACER £l2 108. Od., DUNLOP TYRES. MANUFACTURERS: WILLIAM BOWN, LTD,, 65, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7056. Original Inventors and Patentees of the Ball Bearing as applied to Cycles throughout the world.

CYCLE AGENTS. Our illustrated Trade Catalogue gives you full de- tails of Steel Tubes, Cycles. Frames. Wheels, Fittings Ctips, Cones, Saddles, Lamps. ACCESSORIES OF ALL KINDS. Also, CYCLE MAKERS' TOOLS. CYCLISTS and SECRETARIES of CLUBS should see (-1 THE R,ELIANCE kJYCLE. 'Built of our well-known Double Butted Tubes." GUARANTEED TWELVE MONTHS. Come to the Fountain Head, W CYCLE TUBE AND JYCLE Co. Telephone Wholesale Warehouse, 83. DUKE-STREET. 7,C09 City Depot, 17, MANCHESTEII-STREET. Repair and Cycle Works, ALBION-PLACE, 1 IVERPOOL

kfirCLISTS I NOW IS THE TIME FOR HAVING YOUR MACHINES ENANIELLED, PLATED AND OVERHAULED. DON'T WAIT FOR THE FINE WEATHER BUT TAKE THEM AT I ONCE TO FRANK HOLT, CYCLE MANUFACTURER, WARURAVE ROAD, EARLESTOWN, where you will get them done well, and reasonably. If you want a New Machine he will make one to suit you in Height,Weight and Quality,

nYCLICS.-JENNINGS AND Co., 57, Deansgate, Manchester. have the largest selection in the bade, sole makers of the £9 9s Kelvins, Ladys or Gents. splendid value, call and judge for yourself. Clearance sale of Trents. Rovers, Spark- brooks, &c, 25 second-hand Humbers. Singers, Raleighs, New Rapids, which have been taken in exchange to clear.

CYCLES CYCLES! CYCLES! Agents wanted. Bar- gains. Bargains. Bargains for 1899, best value ever offered. Wonderful Bargains. Write for large 1899 List, post free to any address, containing Wholesale Trade prices of 500 Machines. new and second-hand. Agents wanted. Lowest price ever offered. Trade List and Wholesale Terms on receipt of Post Card. Agerte wanted, splendid chance to secure high-class Machines at rock bottom pries. List of 500 Machines, post free. Wholesale Trade Ladies' Machines from £3 10s., (ients from £2 105.—WAnntow & Co., Cycle Manufacturers, Regent-street, Weston-super-Mare.

COOPER AND CO'S BAKERY SPECIALITIES. FOR TEA AND LUNCH. SPLENDID :QUALITY AT REMA.RKABLY. LOW PRICES. EACH.. APPLE CAKE CUSTARDS MADEIRA CAKES ...... 41D. SPONGE LOAVES.... ..... .............. 51D Swiss ROLLS FRENCH CHERRY CAKE per lb BD. OTHER VARIETIES AT EQUALLY , LOW PRICES. LOCAL BRANCH, 5 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. scon's pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR SCOTT'S PILLS Cure S it Headaches and Nervous Depress"ol2, DR. SCOTT- PILLS Ind estion nd Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S PILL Strengthen and Invigorate the whole !Nervous System,; DR. SCOTT'S pus The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified, DR. SCOTT'S pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or:cold. DR. SCOTT'S pus Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be wrsuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the riglitt thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

ebe " OKainnver " ,:ttrlts OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mi :-Cheshire Examiner, pub. II shed every Saturday morning. TEarlestown and Newton Examiner, published, every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri.- 1 day morning, and Widnes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeke. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. is. led. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. 04. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ss. 04. 64 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6e. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

THE EXA MIN Eli, APRIL 7th 1899.

NEW TALE. A WEIRD STORY OF THE SRI ENTITLED: -r1 111 E SE &FIRERS'," BY J. BLOUND ELLE-BURTON, Author of "The Scourge of God," " Across the Salt Seas," "The Clash of Arms," " The Gentleman Adventurer," " Denounced," etc. WILL COMMENCE IN THE "EXAMINER NEXT WEEK. SENSATIONAL I NCID ENT are woven into a dramatic account of ens of those mysterious diseases which are known to afflict the people of Oriental climes. THE HORROR OF THE SEA broads over this Ii le dramatic tale of LOVE AND SELF SACRIFIJE DEVOTION AND DEATH I I I DON'T MISS IT! "T II S FARE RS," COMMENCES IN Nsxr WEEK'S EX AMINE R."

FILL L _TAMS 'ld f-D INN - # mi i F,oii, . ALE, "/ , „

A MANCHESTER WORKER'S IDEAS ON HEALTH. • HOW TO MAIIgrAIN IT. It is coMeated that thirty-three pr c.ml. of the ev u.k3rs in our towns are of the female sex, and whilst this may be correct so far as concerns small townstin the large manufacturing centres the proportion of women workers is far greater, some statis- ticians placing it at one-half. One of the busy bees in the hive of industry is Miss Iteade, a young lady of 10, Mount Pleasant, Cheatham, Manchester. For a long tim, she had suffered from neuralgia of a very severe character, lassitude, and weakness, but twelve months ago she caught a severe cold, and her case was made worse. Internal inflammation of the stomach supervened, and she was completely prostrated. Describing her symptoms to a Manchester pressm-n, she said the pain was agonis- ing, she could not sleep or rest anywhere. The medical man who attended her did not appear to do her any permanent good. She was extremely feeble. At last a friend mentioned the great curative powers of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, so without delay she bought a box of the pills. In her own words, "The effect was wonderful. Before I bad taken the contents of the first box I was better—in fact after four doses I felt an im- provement. By the time! had got half through the second box I was quite well and

NOW lIS THMTIIE to taiie sour 3pring dicin. j,ToW tfie blood is riected bg tqe cf;ange of season: noW qot flusqes, pimples, ec, disturbed digestion, biliousness, qeadacqes, nervousness, neuralgia, 5q0.,1.? fqczT tqe blood and neruos need attention. aT,(') ow i lIiO timg to sqaiie off tqe last effects of tqat rinfiuenz,a gou Fczze riad, or tqat Qold sou causql. SPRING IS HERE Tr4CTS Lr2,o sprirni, P\eciksir),,-; that will do you as nYurb good as DR. WILLIAPASP PINK FILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE. Bo not suppose that sour coiee of a medicine in tilis 311rinotiirse is unimportant. Bo not suppose tqat a substitute Will do sou ang good. er Fos

is Wqat tF,e medicine must !001 lllçe, in if Wra?l,cd pacriage, bearing tqe fun name, Br. Williams' in iri3 for 1--""Daie people (seven Words).

, eang y ' Wei rsfl‘ aSt re rjj .(1°- t r 4 'g`j Vied ,j

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's „ Sprains, Bruises, Fresk Elliman's Cuts, Elilnian's ~ Sore Throat from Cold, • Elliman's „ Cold at the Chest, Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ ChM)Mins before Broken, Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, ~ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, &c. Bottles Sid., is. ital. 25. 9d., 43. Horses', Dogs', Bird's, Cattle Accidents and Ailments. 170 Pages: THE ELLIMAN FIRST AID BOOK. Copy 6d. post free, or the Label of a 25.. 25. 6d., or 3s. 6d. Bottle, may be sent of ELLIMAN'S ROYAL EMBROCATION. No Horses kept—Ask for Dogs—Birds Section. This Free. Published by Elliman, Sons Ca Co., Slough, England.

Someone had Blundered and every man knew it! Yet they rode on—the famous Six Hundred we mean who charged 10,000 Russians at Balaclava, though cannon volleyed in front of them, to the right of them, to the left of them. And why rode they ? Because they had learned to obey orders. And yet they knew some • one bad blundered. Aye, it was a blunder to send men to the death in that fashion. Britons, the world over will ever honour the Light Brigade. And they will honour,too, men who lead others,nct to death, but life and health. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills have restored thousands to health, and made life worth living. Mrs. Lawrence (a Farmer's wife) wan from Mid-Rasen, Lincolnshire :—" For a long time suffered severely from Indigestion and Wind in the Stomach, having had to cal in the drtor. After he had prescribed for me for some time, he (the doctor) said, can do nothing more for you.' My husband urged me to try your Wind Pills: me same evening he brought me a box and I commenced to take them. In a few days I was quite well and able to get up, and now enjoy excellent health. My mother, The suffered in the same way, took them with the same good result." For Indigestion, Wind in the Stomach, Liver Complaint, Biliousness, Spasms, Sick Headache, &c., they are far and away the best and safest remedy. Being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, they may be t iken with perfect safety by the most delicate of either sea. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are Fold by all Medicine Vendors at lg. lid., and 2s. 91 ; post free for price from Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

CaCtg,t es.gri c4', Per Cent., OF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM A TOR M L HIE OP. WEAK K El WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the - 4telieves and Removes the Inflammatsion from the N -17 S by expelling the poisonous Kidnev (Uric) ACID. WARNER'S SAFE CURE Rests on its RePittation. BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle.

C4l'4 N -I have a certain remedy for the above disease. Testimonials show that by its use many cases of long standing have been cured. Indeed, so strong is my faith in its efficacy, that I will send to ANY SUFFERER geli!St 0 3M CbT"I'll:. 3E: 30 rIM- JE: ; together with a new and valuable treatise o,n this disease. WILL YOU TRY IT? T. A. SLOCUM, 28, ENDSLEIOR GARDENS, LONDON, N.W. C R. 7 D

6.--c-'2"—T•z4-,l2:E=aucos 9 t ty v 0 6- , , - ~,, ~, 4 -- , t fi , • GICIP L - LURES who all other Remedies fail. • 1.......M6MCril IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RI RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will itiever regret it. Boxes, 1/li. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SO4, 1 Chemists, CHUTE:MM. .1---I.A.V. YOU A BAD LEG nuLdclwtitringaismclmiaartieonoarndost wheorllwen",eihar wrilll:s Ilinrirrow: you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- Pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remenies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you n_ j ever can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the oints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may lv.ave ?..,tended various hospitals aid had medical advice, ani Peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. -Bend at once a Postal Order. for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, P.A.RRINGDON-EITREET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILI,q -which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house- aids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, (Jarbuncles, Pols)iel Hands, Bunions. Registered Copyright.)

RAILWAY TIME TABLE APRIL FROM W&RRINOTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 740 8 28, 10 20, 11 35, 1 25, 2 55, 5 5 , 7 20 10 a.m. A ltaar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19. Sundays 933 5, 8 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L& N.-W.) a 2 58.33 23, 710.10 20, 120, 1 25 b 5, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 13, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529, 5 45, 835, 955, 11 53, 1 55, 4 50, 6 28, 850 Sundays 843,60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 56,3 50,4 50, 6 28,8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 re. 5,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14,a4 23,a6 43, a 7 17, a 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m. ,5 15.7 57, p.m.aiaturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37 am, 5 29,5 45.11 50. 12 25, 155, 6 28. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 37,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 4 22.5 11,6 4. 7 44, 1014, 1132. SundaysB 44,7 45,1132. Collins Green-?S. 810, 925. 10 10, 127. 1 55,3 40, 520, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. - Crewe-02 58. b 3 23, 7 10, 9 al). 10 20, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 520, 622,7 20,11 34. Sundays 258,10 154 5,11 35.aMonday s excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 11 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 _Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Mldlaud)-6 1, 8 46. 9 58, 11 55,1220, 12 55, 4 11 50, 6 55, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Barlestoun-7.5.8 10.8 35.9 25, 10 13,110. 12 7, 12 25. 1 55, 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8.7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 60,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 65 3 .520,6 17, 80. 948. Sundays 848.240.80. OFrodsham'-7 37, 9 510 23. IL 25, 2 0, 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 6 47 ,10 14., Sundays 44 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57. 8 31, 95. 12 0 18, 2 15. 40. 70.80. 53 40. dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 55, 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37. 529, 9 56, 11 50, 12 25, 1 55, 5 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 35, 110, 12 25, 1 55.3 50, 5 20, 7 17 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Ureen-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 120, 18, 215 40. 60, 70, 80, 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90. 936 11 25,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays exceptad. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15,? 18, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 8 0,8 35, 90, 958 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 222. 3 38. 4 11,5 18, 6 13, 78, a? 45, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, 532, 75, 8 10, 835 9 25, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25. 115,620.78, 740, 1030. Sundays 35, 5 10, 530, 8 35, 843, 5 10. 60, 9 54. From Higii Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815, 10 9 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 20,6 17,8 0, 943 Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 757, 8 31, 95. 1024. 120, 13, 1 8,2 15, 4 0. 5 0 5 40 6 18.? 0,8 0.9 32 59 4,) 10 25 1046. all 10, 11 39 Sundays 93, 9 55.11 25,2 39, 7 10, 918 10 18,1033, atiaturdays only. bexcept, Saturdays. 4105., 911503,5,b1m2 00n. ci2ayss 5 20, 622, 11 34. London &N. excepted. aMondays only. sWu laJd-a y 2 852855'8a, 310231.5,7 London (Midland)-6 1, 8 46. 9 58, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52, Sundays 9 37 a.m-,5 15 P.m. na 6 20, 7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 3 13714 1-1, 5 18. 613. 78. a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 8 12, aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N..W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30, 8 57,9 55, 13 46, 1 11, 3 35. 49, 6 10.? 5, 9 25.11 40 • Sundays 8 46, 3 5,8 10, 11 40. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 20 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0, 9 58. 10 49. 1 14. 3 38. 4 11,6 13, 7 8, 9 27, . , , 55 Sundays 8 50. 38, 8 12: From ArpleyssStaBt2ioBns. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 O. 7 5 9 2 9 10 55, 11 23,11 55, i 255. 155, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 555. 6 55 Sundays 8 56, 9 37,10 14 Middlewieh-7 40, 1023. 2 55b, 5 35b.7 20.5-Saturdays only . 37 01C , 371555:5 1851,37' 188,595' 3 59 , 1150 09. 55, 35,1 25.2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 1 a.m. 00re-7 40,10 20. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a, 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 810 8 35,9 19,925,10 20;10 40.10 55,11 0,12 14.12 25.1 15.1 55,3 30 348, 4 21,5 20, 6 537 17,9 20, 950, 1030. Sundays 3 10, 740 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 50,6 0,? 47,9 54. calondays only. cSion days excepted, 3 55.5 28,7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 Padgate-7 0, 7 55,8 2,8 43.10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20.1 44, 2 40; 1150, 12 25, 3 50i Sundays, 237, 8 43, 3 35, 4 5POr. e6s W2811,-721377.. 8 5502,99' 5404,5;99553;5. 9 55. 6 0 9 54. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38,8 25,9 45, 11 53, 155, 320, 520, 6 17, 80 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5. 120, 1 8 2 15, 2 68, 4 0,5 29. 60, 70.8 0. 9 23, a.) 40, 510 25. 10 46 Sundays 90, 11 25. 2 39. 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only. cMondaya only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Lit • -8 46, 10 55, 12 5, 155. 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. 5 to, St•lfelens-5 32 75, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0, 127, 1225, 3 40.5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30.Sundas5 8 35,8 43,6 0, 9 54 southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 le, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 3 19, 4 0,56, 6 0,7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.a2 22, 3 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 7 8,07 45, 9 27. Sundays, 860, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 1U 5, 115. 120, 18, 2 15. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,7 0, 80: 9 25, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39.9 15, aSaturday excepted bSaturday $ nly. 'Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 20,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 43, 240, 80. Wigan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0.11 5.), 12 21,1 55 33, 3 56, 4 50, 5 20. 623, 7 17,8 50,9 42,9 0, Suadly, 2 37 43, 3 35, 60. 9 54, TO WARRINO-TON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 11 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, 20, 830 Sundays 705, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 29, 957. Sundays 9 20,2 21,2 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 5 50,9 10, 12 25, 2 7 25. Sundays 511 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (llidland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 43, 1 25, 2 45, 0 45'6 50, 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15,' a.m., 4 0, 11 19. blix- opt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 347. 5 27,7 53, Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-??. 8 3,8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 11 40 1 40, 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 12, 7 35 Blackpool (Central) - 65, 725,7 55, 8 25, 8 55, lu 10,10 2.) 11 25,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 .10,4 58,5 5, 6 50. 815, 158 Sundays 'I lu, 115, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 40. 10 30. 12 33, 2 15,4 15, 510 5 55,7 25, 8 35,10 50. Sundays 8 29 a.m., 65. 9 25 p.m.a Sat ur days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40. 1 40, 1. 50, 4 22, 5 55, 7 30, Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30,8 41, 12 10 p.m.l Chester-2 32a.7 20,8 45, 9 40, 10 12,10 50,11 40, 1 50, 210 3 0.3 5. a 4 35,5 8,5 15, 636.? 35, 8 112. Sundays 2 32, 135:I 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 1024, 11 21. 14, 1 43, 22, 3 10.4 6,5 38,6 23,7 47, 96. 1046. Sundays 8 10. a.m Lrewe-2 1, 4 65, 60,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25. 21 35, 415, 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455. 710, 2 45 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 55. Daresbury-T 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53,8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. - Derby-7 10, 8 15, 9 35, 10 7. 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 85, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 55, 35. akkeept, Mondays. Eaxlestown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 16. 3 11. 5 53. 5 33, 6 30, 733, 83 9 15, 1152, Sundays 8 33, 9 52, 10 0, 7 13. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 4i, 1224, 29, 327, st, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 81.2. 2 57, 82. Frodshaxa-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 50 120, 1256, 211. 35,, 456. 59. 005, 657, 124 930. Sundays 8 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glaagory -09 5, 1010, 21, 565. Sundays 5 50, 9 s,aMondays 45. pted. taulborne-6 44. 8 26., 10 12, 12 , 41, 441. 5 30,7 15, ' 10 47. Sundays 9 40,? 5. I.lough Green-7 45,8 15, 99,10 3, 1055, 19, 1 50, 232 3 19, 50. 523, 6 7.7 11,7 38, 9 /8. Suadayss 31. 9 ?,j, 4 55,9 4 9 10. 'slam and Cadishead (Central) -9 53. 65, 8 53, 11 .20 undays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40, 10 0. Latchford-8 14. 8 40. 9 34, 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 30, 4 22, 6541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942, 1127, Suudays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. 58a.turdays excepted. Liverpool(via Rarlestown)-1 0 a 2 55,6 0,7 50,3 0,9 25.11 5 15. 1 50, 3 20, 4 20, 4 50.: 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday 10 7 30,9 20. 6 30,8 40 aiondays only. Vie Widnes 625, 820, 9 5,9 00,12 30, 12 40 1 25, 2 40.3 35. 345 4 205 20, 65, 8 30, 10 45. Sundays 7 35. 2 10, 7 15, 10 4). London (Midland -b 15, 10 5,12 0, 20, 40, .5 5, a 9 16, 12 0, sua, •ays 12 0, .3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 7,3 n, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 5). 4 14, 55 35, 5 t,9, 641 741, 33, 1119. Sundays 8. 15, 225, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (1, & ).-W.)-61 35,7 28, 7 55, 9 28, 10 38, 12 38' 5. 3 45,a5 8, 5 23, 68. 7 £O, 90. Saadty,s. 7 54, 1 44, 6a4 atur day a excepted. From Oxford !load. Manchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50, 9. 25, 10 35, 12 3. 5. 20, 340, 555, 540,65, 75, 8 55, i 045 Bundays 739 630 1 40, 55aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 31'1, a 9 5, 939 935,10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30. 12 45, 1 3), 2 30. 3.33, 4 30,4 4 6 30,6 3u, 6 38,7 30. 8 30,8 33, 9 55, 1)0, alo 30, li 0. Sua days 8 30, 9 10,9 30, 10 40,1 40, 25, 6 35,3 20, 5 40, aSatur day. s, only. Middlewich-8 48. 2 42, 6 6. Meore-6 56,96. :1 14,12 17,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 53 New ton 655. 725. 8 42, 9 11.9 25, 109, 10,22, 11 2, 11 31. 48, 10, 1 28, 549. 6 27, 7 30. 35, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 40, 32,37, 4 7, 4 58, 5 10, 5 35. Sundays 83), 949, 1010. 40, 7 20, 11 5. Pastore 7 8.7 48, 8 26, 9 0.10 6 1 9, 210,3 12a,5 13a 7 3,9 1,9. Sundays 8 53, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50,a6 25, 8 15. 95 9 26.10 10,11 28, 12 15 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 43, 6 45, 72?, 830. 945, 110. Sundays 29 45, 833, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. a Ylondays excepted. Ituncsrn. 839, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 125, 32, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. Sankey-6 63, 7 56, 8 31, 925, 1020, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 136 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40; 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 1 50 40, 5 7, 928. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5. 1 55, 55, 7 0,. Sundays. 8 10, 65. Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 20: 1 25, 2 46, 430. 5 50, 8 21, Suricia'y 7 45. 25, 7 25. Southport-8 6, 15 10, 11 15,12 53, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70,8 10 5. 9 40. Sundays, 90, 0, 80. Thelwall- 8 10, 836, 9 30, 9 58, 1113. 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 203 P 18. 5 37, 63, 645, 7 45. 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 29 7 20. Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, II 12, •12 25, 25. 270,315 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16, 7 56, 92 11 42, a San- ays 8 42, 333. 5 0. 9 10, 920. a Saturdays only

POSTAL INFORMATION I'M'T OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to whieh a Letter can b 3 post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farawort,h, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.— Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft. Pad gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester. Belton, Oldham, dacclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire,"Northumberland, Durham, and , S.E. Lancashire. ' 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales. and Forel ,n. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle I Ma 1010 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. Seuth-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londou. S.-Ea•tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ornaskirk. B sth. Bristo Exeter. • Gloucester, Plyoouth. Yorkshire, Manaheste S East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumbarland, W,g n Bolton 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m,— Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwh Nant wich and Sand bach 245 p.m.--Frodsharn, Frodsham. Bridge, Helsby.idnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Mauchester 3 o.p.m.—Towu Delivery, Sankey Bridget Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymin. Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 pan.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead. Orskirk. Isle of Man, ~nd scotlansi 10-30 p.m —Night. Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South I Counties, and Foreign i.etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 am , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ..• ••• High-st., Newton POSTMASTER ... Mr.Jaraes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte rice. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The TeleoTaph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, ' 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Extra d. Stamp ;

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and. North of Ireland (Day Mailßirmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales, Preston, St. H elens Southport, and S .411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, s'tockport And all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Nlght Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIvING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WA:tit. BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS

atitzeow4agoitat4mver&ogan 6 The finest Coffee Essence that "9 money can buy is Symirigton's Eclin- N burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup kin a moment. From Crocers through- cut tin world. ettgraerAsysem7..3o3e,anstri=e

tm g IBIS.." r.. . -,/? TOOTHACHE AND loenirani - - " NEURALCJA cunn. gals In bottles. is. lid., of all Chemists 4,' "Aa or Post Free from Manufacturer. Mr. A. B. ROBINSON, L.D.S., .U.S.B , , iii London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street. Liverpool.

i „. , _IF' :::______ _____,,7l ~.5) en, 11 fr TRADE AMU ---- ---1= .k---____44 -r i I gdo.„ =-:,,,ew___-,-7.,--_,.___________=_,_ .70 pi-i',', e iit_,,7,7;:. i'ili '3"P ,; \ ~.,'.....2...„et -,,-,-,-_-_-,, _ t---j.,--,-,.. , g i,--:,1 4 N., fi P t,;'=„4;eafi .. '= - - ---- b.A., -,1 t , , E.,11 4,,,„. _41,-;-...1 51,15. ~. 7:AV ~ . , 0 e.-,,,, 41 ....,•„1-zo, , ...-_, _ . t t t-r-. 1 kt,,,4.---1.--_--;.-:----2-f-------; - ,----,D i ___ ________er.... _._.• cs___ (--,,, ,7 ri„-- s„.._—_-__:(--f--7-----,„:,, ..L.c0;04-------- ______-_---, -._:__.----1----- 7 .7"_--- '-------7—,,, .'-;r i 1..,!1. t, ---.:,--;?=:=-':-..teer.40,71,':.-- 1 4iti/ 11---.__ -...:._ . -,:i.,* " " --'=--- ---e.-,*,,,,- ..A. 0 ..., •••;4;:,_)) '—'ll-1------,' , -71 -----.' ~pit , - 0%.-7-3,0?" " -7,:,:-0 f ------=----- 1----- -f: ( --77-_----__. , , =_---7, -=---41.• ,101/4W-'=:_r-I---T: --="' = ---74 o__--- .44 • „.....,,,,,sz, ...,,,t,,-.-. ~,r,..,....,-,,,, 7._,.. : ---- . ..,,,.. , ..., .. • ..., , ~. ,-, , , :,-- - - '4---I---io". ---_,-:::_--- ---- _ ---,-;-- ,----:-----4,4„,„ , 1.1, "tke4,-,' • "."'„Or ..., .okit'::: -s. ':.:.• . ,'' ''4i• fl if f,' ..: ;'; .4 ' -1.1-7`..44:444.- 4. •2t: -iy: .:. • ' ~i.;',•',',:,...:...,..r: e IS L •' - -;,' -,..zti ,sil':l,_.uijk• 17-:"'''' WI, ,' ...- , ,'. 'tv'f:'-'•7[l4 , % 1:74 , F'•,.: . -3,,,,4 ' , 3., N.'- ( iA,. . ' • , , --, ) ~.-1 t. 1!,%,• 4,4 , ~-' '6'. AZ/t4.11,\ ''ol. 1 Nill-AU::,..11 , BiliTkillvs BEST 81ClirCi i,, ~..,,.., ‘‘,.._:o • , 1 STANDARDS TEN GUINEAS. SPECIALS FIFTEEN GUINEAS. Head Office:—COVENTRY. 1 Local Agents.:—Warrington Syndicate,Liverpool Rd.Warrington , Price Lig Free on Application. I Liverpool Depot ;—ior, Bold Street, Liverpool I -

LOCAL AGENTS : DUTTON AND HEAD. 34. MARKET-STREET. EARLESTOWN. L. JACKSON AND CO.. 91, GEEENWAY-ROAD, RUNCORN. • J. S. McLhAN AND CO., 51. DUKE-S 111E10., ST. HELENS. 16,1 R. TEBBUTT, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES.

~ es-Ints, 4,,ra. ..,'- -t, <!;;'• -, ' ;V, -vt,. , ~..1, ;•1 ' , -1 ''-. 4 io• '" .% l " A,.;a1,,,... ' : .4.Y. / tu...ti is kV. cr ott.4 ' ..,11 ~...1, • .40004 47 ~ ~•-!, 1 09 ;i, ' \ a,4 :4 s'A ;0 It'lli - • Ills', ' :•;I:i-1 ~ 1., - • " ati tnhi-a w.D.sa ia tei.i' 71 taTill' /' ' tf.43 ,lz:: FOR THE 11.41 R. Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf, Greyness, and Dandruff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Invaluable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 3/6, 7/-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. 11...--z-v,,,,T=7.312.;41,ar1a1=04=7WZ800K...1-41-.4fiag..7-44. - —4.4.7,-"--=2:=4-12:X=1.11 '' '4".‘ ' f'' ° R 1 g 4..' r#6, ‘ ' .„. A ,- 1 ,-4 -,Nat .-p $ -0 410 :;3, , , p '4.t.i.- ~ c et, 4,Pi p ' 'v. , ',I '''',N, 'O4 s • ' i.,...t-'-')A ,Y 1 ~," 4e '. .*I CA, ''''':l f. 4 71r,A. '''''.;\ , 1 - .10 3 i t .' 0 , - yo ,„y. (..k3 irp„ t f,,-, ?,,i u., tj. ..11j'',i t;;1' N,l, ;;, ..;,4 4. 4 els ' tti - iiit IL,O --4,4 y ' ~ r' rt, IP. r F 0 R T ill ...0 E, E T Ili 0 . The Best Tooth Powder. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; hardens the gums. Is free from gritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND 8c SONS, Hatton Garden, London.

, .... r.. „......IdATCH &._CHAIH.FOR.ON! .DA:LS..!AI,ORK._:, i ", • Boys and Girls can get a NICKXI, •,4, --ii , ~.• ~. MATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and ;:i.", s At.: CHARM for selling li dozen packages of L. —,„' * BLUINE at Fivepence each, bend your 7!f, J ,ti full address including name of County, '7',lk. ..' 14 ',Aura mail, and we will forward the Blulne, .- post paid, and a large premium list No money required. BLUrNE Co. (Department C 2) ; 4,11. Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London. S.E. '

-- L •,, 'TEE GREAT REMEDY. , Ehp, • 'ell att. , , FoR t*OUT. ttIIBUNIATI 4.. SCIATIOA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe odeffeetual. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d per box.

---- , These tiny Capr•..ulcs relieve . '- . Riduey and Bladder trouble ..,,, promptly. They are superior to kW ,' A Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, , ...,' . ,and cure in forty-eicht 1: ours • 4 , , EAste. ..!: the sante diseases without fl ~,*": 4-,..2.-..,..,-. inconvenience. I,:cli Capsule , ',, ',.. bears the riatne 4 fit idy.' Sold - iAR 44: ..., by nll Ch,tnisto, or post free 36 from WILCOY. & CO., , 33,fillortiv.sier 5t.,7-ndon,ll. j .rr---.S2:......m.....w•rnmnnarmrasr••r•%-e-, ~.,„ ‘„.......... .......- -- - . -- ; 1 ,3 Arlfra‘ 1 .Jk .., iIY CL 111 S I CYCLES 1 ml'in. . I'"I'FROrY47LB AaJdAXG:7ltaler; suiwiri,l.,,,er,ci _. --VI finest value, Carriage paid. Ow" ' 'Qttstf *a 'Wdi NO 30 per cent cheaper than el se- wer. Immense Stock, N, w and Secondhand. EASY rn.IMS : FROM 10S. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINE; EXTAIANDED. 1899 ILLUSTRATr.D LISTS FoST FUF.E. Large Cycle• Riding I School. THE BRITISH °YOU: MANUFACTURING CO., 45, EVEhTON-I:OA.D, LIrEaPooL. City Branch: 30, ELLIOT-STREIa. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 drifted.

t; tv or, k4r7-tr,, • e(.7.IVICLY CORMECT LTZI ra7.7.GULAIIITI7:S, 317:1107.1: 4LI, I 2, Tr,ucTir:7 17 C.:O, reZ re 7 C:l7arto7/tS V 2.6 . Cce sox. ) .311::Linst'irce IrCEtho 1 of . : 1 171ICZQ " e-Irr starrt :

j N 1. i .ri V iri' • ...7./.7) ..v,-, .\ . . -).:‘,A, onto LES \ . "#ff'..''''C'lTi----*" Lzdies and i it( .. :.,, . . ..; _._ ___.. : ''''-' -.-_1 ::::., . . . .. ::, ~ : ~..,. . ~,., , ~;:„., • , ::::::7; . ~ , • IL 5. . . .._: ..:,. : „ .., ' \ '': • , :. ~. . ~ ,\s". f., ," , A., iZr:sslrsl vtt 1 eeurri a a.btrte: td at tnr cde. 1 ;• ;. 7" 3 t'i . . ( t ..• ..•,,s.)-_,-,.„..! ~.,,,,,,......,..-_,' :-;_,,,,,us ,10 0 In .8 month.,y al an° 210. ell, e.lO leg. 17'i Wer,,,Y. eio 10 IN do. i IVrite tZe• New 2.-4:Agri's List, of Jznio Cycles su 0 vy. uo. I and AccTsvnies, hent Vost nve. 412 12 21!. do. I, TNetropop_..4l-. I,:stchinfcts• C..,, L4(11 £l4 14 244 do. i 75. at.hol.sqicte. t3t., Witlto,:t. Fa-L. au" £l5 15 2G/3 do. I'ler•^,ll,l3' elem.:, IA-..1,:0r., IV. writ,. .c 9 !?.s. _ /5_ .9 Monthly. _ ,

L,.7r, OP I iu2, Lass cb CpS In: • , 4 . fans and Timms Disomers3 _ SUCH AS HEADACHE, .INDIGESTION DIMNESS, PALPITATION., WEAK STOMACH, en. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, Now Oxford Street, London, and sold by rdl Cll3--nits and Medicine Vendor&

Never be without a bottle of; Symington'sE'dinhurghCeffee tt Essence in the 'house. 0 Grocers sell IL It makes de- licious.coffee, in a moment. me 6,zw&aZoiNt'kz's-zotazwzimeaestl,

THE FAIVIOUS L. AND r • AWTY FLAKE IOBACC9. TdLt4' SWLETEST AND COOLEST ON BART IN loz. AND 2oz. FOILS. 40:1 PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED FROA J. BESWICK, 58, lIORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NEWS.

A. WARNING TO BAZA.A.R. PROMOTERS. Yeterda.y an important decision was given by the Widnes magistrates, which should have an effect upon local baz tars where lott nies are often indulged in. John Lythgoe, confectioner, Mersey-road. was fined 20s. and .costs or a menth for keeping a lottery at his shop. People paid a penny for a dip into a basket containing packets of sweets, which held tickets entitling the winners to twopennywrth of sweers. The magis— trates described it as a pernicious system. FATALITY AT A ROPEWORKS. AN OXFORD sruDENr KILLED. At the ropeworks of Mei3r3. Htggie, Sunderland. Kenneth, youngest son of Mr. D. H. Haggie, J.P., was yesterday fund under an engine terrinly mutilatec., having been entangled in the machinery. Death must have been almest instantaneous. He was a promising young man, well-known in the no:th and at Oxford, where he was being educated. INDIAN OFFICERS BITTEN BY A MAD DOG. SIMLA, THURSDAY. Captain M. A. Tighe and Captain Charles Archer, political agents in South-Eastern Balucinstan and Zhol respectively, have been bitten by a mad dog, and have started for Paris to be treat Al at the Pasteur Institution. The fact that besiies private persons 33 British soldier have been sent to that establishment is regarded as em- phasising the strong need of an institution of this kind in India. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hears in the nortn-west of England was issued at the Meteo:ological Offize at three o'clock yeeter day afternoon South-westerly to westerly gales and strong winds. Squally; showery

FOR FIRST-CLASS P R IVATE E NTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments 'unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient informed beforehand the cost of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Bar Nitrous Leiro by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,0 CC gallons weekly. Mors. of the late J. .H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER .. 46, AIOSLEY-STREET. (Telephone 1660), LIVERPOOL ........ BOLD-STREET (Telephone 2155) ST. HELENS ....... MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATUKDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREET. &SDAY, 2 p m. WARR1NGT0N...."....... ...3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN .........,......_._._3l, BRIDGE-STREET. THURSDAY, 2 to 5. N0RTHW1CH...........18. APPLEMARKET-STREgt FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

FRIREEN, Warrington (Opposite Arpiey Station Also at MANCHESTER ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND (Jo., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Toolol Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, mmtis. 4,1 Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
