===== 0002601_19111202_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
XMAS GIFTS Trouser Presses, Umbrellas, Belts, Bags, FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Gloves, Mufflers, &c. &c.

•

===== 0002601_19111202_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
J. E. WHITE, 22, Sankey Street.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISNED 60 YEARS (in Warrington).

Tel. No. 123.

Tel. No. 123.

E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 toes weight. Clean Illell-mouldel and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 5o per cent. in labour.

_ BRASS CASTINGS :any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxlne, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WOK Corrugated Iron Roots and Buildings, Farmers Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, Be. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advic* submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 13 feet diameter. Planing lip to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-Inch stroke, Milling, Punching, Slle;-r,ng and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure, Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during BO establishment over 80 years.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD WORK, GOOD HEALTH

AND GOOD FOOD

HOW TO BEGIN THB DAY RIGHT

Now if you're a working man there is one rrght way of beginning every day that is by drinking Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa before starting cut to your work. If you begirt in this right way you are fairly certain to end right, because no cther food-beverage still so strengthen your body, steady your nerves, clear your head, and generally fit you for your day's is, rk. Good work is dependent upon good health, and good health is dependent upon good ood. Vi-Cocoa contains more zeal nutriment than any other food or beverage you can possibly buy. At the same time it is a most economical and sustaining beverage. Working men everywhere stand by Vi-Cocoa because Vi-Cocoa stands by them. It feeds brAly, brain and muscle, consequently it makes them well, keeps them well, and helps them to work well. Thousands cf working people would never think of starting work without having first takea Vi-Cccoa. And they generally conclude the day by taking a cupful at suppertime. Get a tin on your way home to night, and yon'll agree that there never was a better beverage fo: working men and women than Vi-Cocoa. Give Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've been drinking at breakfast or supper in the past, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day—you'll feel the benefit of it at once. Do not ask your gr cer for " Cocoa "—ask for

===== 0002601_19111202_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Wocva

—lt makes all the difference. Every grocer sell Vi-Cccoa in 6d. packets and 9d. and Is. 6d. tins.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT ORDER IF HIBEP.NIANS.

Under the auspices of division 429 Warrington of the Ancient Order of Hibernians a very successful lecture was given in St. Alban's School on Sunday night last by the Rev. Father Howley. The lecture, which was on Irish subjects historical and antiquarian, was illustrated with excellent limelight pictures and proved both instructive and entertaining. Specimens of the perfec- tion of early Irish Christian art in book illumination, stone and metal work, also some ailment high crosses and ruined abbeys and shrines were thrown on the screen and most interestingly explained. The lecturer dwelt particularly on the great labour of love of the early Irish priests and monks in making copies of the Gospels and particular views of the famous" Book of Kens "—said to I e the most beautiful illuminated book in the world—gave epecial pleasure to the audience. Having sketched in glowing words and beautiful pictures the glory of the ancient days et learning and piety in Ireland the RA,. lecturer gave a brief epitome of the cruel venal laws, ended the wanton destruction of the monasteries end churches and schools of Ireland under Danish and English invaders and led hia audience to the story of the formation of the Ancient Order of Hibernian,' under Rory Oge Oltloore, in the dare of HenryVlll. and Elizabeth, for the defence and protection of faith and Fatherland. Pictures were shown of the priest, surrounded by a reverent congregation, in the act of offering Mars on the mountain-side or in the lonely valley, with Hibernians posted on points of vantage guarding lest the persecuted people should be surprised by the priest- hnoters that were ever on the watch in these cruel dips. The progress and success of the Ancient Order were graphically described doses to the great revival of the ilibernines in 1196; and Father Howley dwelt upon the necessity at the present day of a living Irish Catholic Order to help " the right that needs assistance, and meet the wrong that needs resistance." The advantages of the Order as a Friendly Society among Irish Catholics all the world over were last dwelt upon, and the hope was expressed that the sew division now established in Warrington might prcsper and succeed. —its members ever mindful towards all men of the motto of the Hiberniana " Friendship, Unity, and True Christian Charity." At intervals during the lecture some spirited Irish songs were tastefully given by the children from the Sacred Heart School, and at the conclusion a very hearty vote of than, a was proposed to the Lecturer by Councillor Toole, thechairman, and seconded by air. D. Currie, President of the Warrington Division. Father Howley in replying wished to convey his own thanks sod the thanks of the meeting to the Rev. Father Whittle who kindly lent his school for the lecture. The meeting concluded with the Catholic hymn" Faith of our Fathers." and all present left highly pleased with the first moat interesting and instructive lecture..

===== 0002601_19111202_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS MERRY-MAKINGS.

One of the ordinary concomitants of Christmas in the olden times was the Yu'e log, or Block, which was placed on the wide stone heat th amidst great rejoic- ings, and generally fired with a brand saved from last year's log Loud was the mirth if it burned and sparkled bravely throughout the night,for thon it before- tokened a year of happiness ; keen was the sorrow Bit suddenly died out. In northern England, so tang as the log lasted—and it was, in fact, a great tree, burning f. r nights and days—the servants of the household were privileged to have ale at every meal. It is doubtful whether such privilege would be much thought of nowadays. Ale is all very well at the right time, but few of us would care to have it for break- fast, or instead of the popular tea in the afternoon. Times have changed in many ways. A really old-fashioned Christmas is s-ldom observed in this country. Coaching days and snow at Christmas exist only in pictures. Still there are acme customs to which we fondly adhere—and sad will be the der when old England shows an apathetic attitude to such institutions as the Christmas pudding and the mince pie. Few there are who trouble to think wherein lies the value of the Christmas podding. Everyone is agreed that it is wholesome and palatable, and in every way delicious, yet many do not take the troub!e to think why.the pudding is so good. The explanation is simple. It is because the Christmas pudding c tains a large !quantity of Cnrrants. All Confections in which Currants preponderate are savoury and pleasant. How delicious are the mince pies, and the famous North cf England Eccles cake. But above all, the Christmas pudding must; be given pride of place. The more Currants it contains the better the pudding. You can easily earn a reputation as an expert maker of puddings or a. y other sweet dish, if you orly bear in mind the magic plover of Currants, Apart also from their delicious flavour, they are the plessanteet form of household economy, for, as men of science base taught no, Currants possess a great food value, are all nutriment and easily digested. The moral of all this is, to ensure a merry Christmas, see that your pudd.ngs and pies contain a liberal quantity of Currants. You will find it a cheap anal effective way of making all around you happy, and thoroughly enjoy the Chtistmas merry-making As a practical and seasonable help to the housewife on whom depends the real pleasure o f the Christmas party, the following recipes have been ;specially preix red by an eminent chef.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
XMAS PLUM PUDDIn;

11b. nurrrants, ;"oz. raisins, 4oz. peel, 407. flour, 'lb bread crumbs, I lemon, nutmeg, loz. citron, 1 eggs, j gill port, I gill milk, 2cz. almonds, ilb. suet, Demerara sugar, pinch of salt. METHOD.— Stalk and clean the currants, stone and chop raisins, chop, peel and shred the blanched almonds, chop the suet finely. Alin all the dry ingredients trgether, including the grated lemon rind. Strain in the juice, beat and add the eggs, the milk, and lastly, the port. Put the mixture into well buttered moulds, and boil from 6 to S hours. RICH CURRANT CAKE.

Ilb. flour, Ilb. currants, ;lb. castor sugar, !, tie- spoonful bicarbonate of soda, and 1 teaspoonful cream of tatter, loz candied peel, ill). butter, 3 eggs, a pinch of salt. METIIOI,—Sift the flour, acd the soda and cream of tartar, also the sdt. Cream the butter and sugar in a basin ; when well beafen, add the eggs one at a time Mix thoroughly ; and, lastly, work in the fruit - the peel to be cut in fine shreds or chopped very small. If found too stiff, add a little milk. Bake ins buttered cake tin for about 40 minutes.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ORANGE AND CURRANT CREAMS.

4 oranges, I gill cream, lb. currants, sugar, and oz gelatine. Mrrnon.—Cut the oranges in half, and scoop out the inside carefully with a teaspoon. Pass the juice through a strainer. Whip the cream, and mix in some of the orange juice. Add sugar to taste, end the previously dissolved gelatine, and lastly, the currants. Fill up the oranges, and decorate tastefully a ith almond chips and chopped pistachio nuts.

Lord Haldane, opening the new Territorial head- quarters at Willesden on Saturday, said he knew them were those 'Om talked in tones of despair of the Terriverial force. But they must not despair. He bad faith in the force because its reality depended on the spirit latent in England, and the right spirit was present es strongly as ever. "We believe in being prepere,i," he said, "end it is to the manhood of the nation that we appeal to put us in preparation."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S OPERETTA AT CAIRO-STREET.

MISSION SCHOLARS IN THE OPERETTA "A

done the seine. (Laughter.) While 300 was such an excellent nutober, she was sure Mrs. Simpson al d her 'elite,* workers would be delighted if there could bean even greater increase. (Applause) ... . . .

The operetta then began and a bright end pleasing entertainment it prhved. The children taking part were supposed to be enj rying themselves at a party and a variety of characters famous in nur-ery rhyme made their ern earance individually and delighted the comyany with songs and dances. It was evident that the y uthful performers had been very carefully trained and in this connectim great ersdit is due to Miss Oakley and Mr. F. Atkinson who had worked hard for the success of the project. The music was sweet and truiefuleol juts and chorus taking their r« spective parts in a mariner which could hardly have been improved upon. Sister Flora, who conducted the party and iutroducted the notabilities as they stepped on to the platform, was repre«en.ed by H. Thomp-or, and the ther leading parts were taken as follows : Miss Mullet, Ethel Oakley ; Mistress Mary, Eva

lover of liberty." We are grateful indeed to his war-like Lordship. We want more speeches of this type. They give in the clearest vision the measure of the loyalty of the Irish and English Unionists. In other days—and days within the memory of most —if doctrines of that type had been preached by Irish Nationalists the speakers would have beer. promptly imprisoned, their zealous prosecutori being the very men who preach rebellion now. It is salutory, however, that the Unionist insurgents should be free to shew the British masses what Unionism really means.

(, , r ,r • t . ' . tr . , oat , , A ' 4 9Pliillitt , • 7 = e . - , ........ , ....,. •• .. i% - 10- . i 4 • al IF • lit ei . . . .• . , , ... .., . ~. ~ ,--, , •--- .s44'" it' it ~ 4 .... ... „ .•• • ~,,, , . Ig Y* f,- k•-• i ~./. / i • • - , '.'...v , .. 1 i , ..„, . . 1 •• ..i. . • - - -. , , v ......... • • -c, . 0 'i f iisk Jill, 1 ...,. , ,• 1 ~ ' ~,,•: . .•>• • , „ ,-, 3--w. I—, iit ,-.•. h 1 , 4 i i - • i ~,,i- T1...4,„- „„_:', -',liir, )1, 410 ~,,,,,,„ , ~ 44b, 0, —.. ~I, 4, ~ +.- , -..,,..- , •-. • . . . , , . ,‘„ 4. ' .. . , • , •

===== 0002601_19111202_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURANCE BILL-DOCTORS AGREED.

HOW THE BILL ENDOWS THE PROFESSION.

Apparently the last stage of the organized opposi- tion to the Insurance Bill is b be removed by agreement between Mr. Lloyd Geo-ge and representa- tives of the medical profession. The Lobby Correa- pondmx of The Daily News" understands that the representatives of the doctors, who spent several hours with Mr. Lloyd George on Tuesday evening, have expressed themselves satisfied with the amendments to the Bill then agree.' upan and since tabled by he Chancellor.

Many proles-ional men would repudiate the assumption that the privileges of the professi n are in danger, but they cannot lift their voices inde- pendently of the Medical Association. There are those, however, who have the courage to voice their honest convicticns, and among them is Dr. Forbes- Ross, M.D., F.R.C.S , the ea iaent Harley-Areet surgeon. Politically," said Dr. Forbes-Ross in an interview " I am a Unionist, but Ido not consider this a party mea-ure. I venture to predict that this Bill, within, five years, will be ktr wn as Mr. Lloyd George's Bill for the endowment of the medical pr fessicn.

"Consider thi, After spending from £3,000 to £I,OOO in education and medical training, a large number of medicdl students, on becoming qualified, find themselves =cranded through lack of capital and opportunity. The medical section of the present Insurance Bill will endow tl ene with the chance of their Hors, and it will to a gthat extent limit cut- throat competithn. MEDICAL SALARIES.

" Let me explain. In a town or distriet of 50,000 persons insure I, male or female, this yearly medical fee of Gs. a bead provided under the Bill will yield the sum of 300.000 shillings, or £15,000 yearly, for medical salaries. This will afford the engagement of 13 medical men at sslary of Y_l,ooo a year, 30 at A:500 a year, or 00 mediral men at £550. Under present conditions an h a district is now served by about half that Lumber.

" The average income of the medical profession is £22(1 to £2soa year. Under the appointment of GO each will have the maximum average income, with 30 twice the maximum average. It can hardly be realized by the layman what a godsend this will be to young medical men in the future without sufficient means to buy a practice. 'ln addition to having an assured inccme, he will bare the added bleesiog of a constant flow of cases. He will not have to go through a heart-Intuiting time of sitting at home and waiting for someone to pull his front door bell.

"If he is worth his salt, be will accumulate skill and experience, which he will sell at a remunerative price to those of the public who do not come under the Insurance Bill. This is the ' jam ' he will work for instead of having to struggle for his bread and butter. With £250 assured for rent, rates and taxes and bread and butter he uill be in closer compared with his predecessors." Under these circumstances, added Dr. Forbes-floss, in a short time an able young man would be making £6OO to 5:1,000 a year if he made good use of his opportunities. As years pissed he would find it worth his while to relinquish his insurance practice for the benefit of those who come after him, and to make a name for himself in the higher walk of the profession. "Medical men who oppose this measure are unuatingly acting inimically to every existing and future medical student, and consequently indirectly to the general public. Saint Luke is the titular patron saint of the medical profession. and .Escolapius their titular god in mythology. Moro than likely we'll have to add St. David though if political opponents, as most of us are, it may be polite to whisper the com- pleting 'Lloyd George.'"

===== 0002601_19111202_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGMEN.

So complete was tLe success attending the recent production of an operetta eLtitkd " A merry party ' by scholars of the Workingmen's Misaion Sunday School,Bank Quay,that a general desire was expressed for its repetition. On lA ednesday evening 0 e enter- tainment was again given ruder the auspi f the British Women's Temperance Association a lame and apprecist ire andier.ce in Cairo street .o Is. Miss TRuDA etiosi .who presided, sail it was gratifying that there should be such friendly inter- course between different organizations in Warrington and she hoped that before very lorg the members of tie British Wernen's Temperance Association wr old pay a return visit to Thewlis-strcet. She r ffered her heady congratulatiorn to the Warrington branch of the association upon 'rasing won the challenge shield for the cour.ty. It was a line achievement and it redounded enormously to their credit that they had been able to obtain :11.11) new members. (Applause) She knew c,rtain societies who would give their eyes to be able to say they had

===== 0002601_19111202_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
iIRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS. NATIONAL LIBERAL FEDERATION AND HOME RULE.

On the motion of Sir George Toulmin, M.P. the Council of the National Liberal Federation assembled a few days ago at Bath, unani- mously carried a resolution heartily approving of the determination of the Government to introduce next session a Bill "to allow the Irish people to manage purely Irish affairs." The event was foreseen. The terms of the resolution had already been published, and it was eear that it would commend itself to an Association which has pledged itself to play a conspicious part in I the struggle for Irish rights. And the Irish 'in England are not wanting in appreciation of that part nor of the significance of the entire proceeding. The Council of the Federa- tion ',pledges its support to a measure of self-government for Ireland not only because of the belief that the welfare of Ireland demands it, but because it must strengthen the Empire of the British, whose power depends in an increasing degree upon the prosperity and contentment of its component parts. The strength of the Home Rule position in contemporary politics is vividly shewn in the speeches by Sir George Toulmin, who moveJ, and Earl Brassey who seconded the resolution. Sir George rejoiced that now when the people's Parlia- ment was unhampered and unshackled of the dead hand of heredity, the first use of this freedom was to be the concession of Irish national claims, for "Ireland had suffered most and had the greatest claim." In no less generous fashion Earl Brassey, acknow- ledged the obligations of England to Ireland. His sympathy is of no new growth. In seconding the resolution he expressed " the deep convictions of a lifetime" and his hostility to the blindly negative policy of Unionism has suffered no abatement in the passage of five and twentyi'years. THE CRY OF "CATHOLIC INTOLERANCE."

The Unionist cry of Catholic "intolerance" in Ireland is not yielding the expected results. A protestant clergyman, who was one of the speakers at the Bath Conference, bore public witness to the dishonesty and malice of this attack upon people who, although having suffered bitter persecutions for their faith are tolerant, nay more, are generous in their attitude towards their fellow-countrymen of another creed. It had been shewn in the most convincing manner that in what was probably the most advertised cases of "boycott " the hostility of the people was not referable to the creed of the unpopular person, but to his part in a transaction affect- ilig the purchase of land—the understandable' hostility of a community towards a "black-leg." In this connection it may be recalled that Mr. Redmond's challenge to the strife mak-rs some weeks ago has not yet been met. English audiences are still wait- ing to hear a recital of his woes from a victim of a Catholic majority—and they will wait many a long day. Mr. Redmond's speech at Banbury was exceptionally interesting. It is the game of the Unionists to represent Home Rule as being "rushed." Such a brilliant discovery is not Mr. Harold Smith's, though he is curiously fond of uttering such an unfounded charge. Mr. Redmond, speaking on a Liberal platform, points to the indisputable fact that for the discussion of the questions from every point of view, a year, or perhaps two years, remains. "We are'' he said "at the commencement of a great con- troversy on the que3tion of Home Rule." Time and the growth of self-governing institutions within the British Empire are on the side of the friends of Irish liberty. The principle of autonomy has been admitted: controversy can only arise as to its applica- tion in Ireland. Why should the system which has made Canada, Australia and South Africa loyal tend to make Ireland disloyal. The only disloyalty is threatened by Sir Edward Carson—the bold Sir Edward with his seven oaths of allegiance to the Crown already sworn !—and the unrepresentative few who have applauded his unworthy talk. " Ulster " says Lord Willoughby de Broke has declared its determination not to submit. That might be confirmed as a rebellious and anarchical proposal, but when any form of government tried to use its power to tyrannise over the legitimate aspirations of a strong and loyal minority, such resistance was justified. He for one heartily 11 wished the men of Ulster good luck in the 1 campaign they had undertaken. They would have at their back not merely the the moral, but very likely the physical support of every

===== 0002601_19111202_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMY PARTY."

Tanner; Humpty Dumpty, George Tanner ; Little 80-Peep, May Walker; Jack and Jill, Nellie Payne and Elsie AI rris ; lied Riding Hood, Dora Tillieg ; •Id woman in a shoe, Lily Rigby ; c.ld woman's children, M. Felines, 11 Booth, F. Clemo ; Dick Whittington, Arthur Mortis. The cholas " Come, sisters, tell toe " was given by J. Roberts. F. Walker and A. Vane; "Tom the piper's son" by L. Oakley, S. Barratt and ff. Cardoe. An Irish jig was charmingly danced by Nellie Payne, Ably Tamer, Hilda Taylor and B. Edle,ten ; a graceful English canoe was given by Ethel Oakley tied Elsie Morris and a skipping rope dunce by M. 'fanner, fl. Tailor and B. Edlesten. Miss Oakley played the pianoforte accompaniments.

At the close of the operetta, Miss St ne,4., proposed a vote of thanks to Miss (hosfield for presiding, to Mrs. Tanner for arrmging the visit of the Flirty from the Workingmen's M slion, and to the prrformets. Mrs. Ci vrn“artit seconded, and tho vote was heartily passed.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
SOAP TRADE BOMBSHELL.

THE ABSORPTION OF CHOSFIELDS' AND GOSSAGES'.

Brunner, Mond and Co 's Huge Deal.

The remaikable soop trade development by which Messrs. Brunner, Mood and Co„ Ltd, the world- famous chemical manufacturers, of Northwich, absorb the great soap manufacturing concerns of Meyers. Joseph Crosfield and Sous Ltd, Warrington, and Meters. W. Gossage and Sons, Ltd., Widnes, was the one topic cf discussion in commercial circles last week-end. The secret of the amalgamation had been well kept and the announcement published in our last issue naturally created much surprise in Warrington. 'The Manchester Guardian" gives the following explanation of the deal :

'Chemical manufacturers, of course, depend very largely upon soapmakers for trade. They find, how- ever, that the soap industry shoes what is to them a disquieting tendency. S3me of the large firms are constantly absorbing lesser ones and then locking round to see how they can avoid the risk of fluctua- tions in the prices of mateiials (mainly fats and alkalis) which thiy use and at the same time find profitable employment for a larger capital. It may be said, indeed, that there is a tendency in large manu- facturing concerns of all kinds to unite their interet-ts with those of the producers of raw materials or the users of the raw materiala which they themselves produce. A notable instance is that of Sir W. H. Lever, who bought the whole town of Lymni about a year ago in order to secure the salt deposits, and when this had been done disposed of the rest, the I sale taking place about three months since. His com- piny has also gone to the Congo State and elsewhere to acquire sources of supply for raw materials, and, if we remember rightly, oil-seed crushing has been added to its business. It has thus to a large extent become independent of extraneous supplies and secured a greater measure of immunity from inconvenient fluctuations.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ARRANGEMENT.

These circumstances, of course, have a very direct effect upon two sets of parties—those who have been accustomed to getting orders from the soap trade and those who have to compete with a firm which collets its capital in millions and spares nothing that will ultimately conduce to economy. It is not surprising, therefore, that another move should be made, and we have this in the announcement that Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co. have entered into an arrangement which means the immediate absorption of or amalga- mation with Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Warrington, and Messrs. W. Gossage and Bons, Widnes. Both Messrs. Crosfield and Messrs. Gossage are among the largest customers of Brunner, Mond, and Co., and the last-named are doubtless anxious to prevent any development which would deprive them of this trade. The soapmakers also will prob- ably fittcl a great source of strength for purposes of competition in their association wNI a powerful concern like Brunner, Mond, and Co. It should be clearly stated that the soap firms are to undergo no change as far as their relations with the public are concerned. They will retain their present names and their me hole of doing business will be substantially the same. The ultimate control, however, will rest with Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co., who will give shares in their own undertaking es the price of their acquisitions. What the price is has not yet been dis- c'osed. It will be necessary, of course, to state it to the shareholders of Messrs. Brunner. Mond, and Co., but if only the other parties to the transaction had to be considered the matter would be private, for they are family concern,. The firm of Joseph Crosfield and Sons was founded over a century ago, and it has been a private limited company since ISM. The subscribed capital is £OOO,OOO, and there are also debentures for 5.290,000. In November, 1900—we have no later return—there was a reserve fund of £330,000, and insurance and other funds amounted to £6,815. These figures are an indication of the value of the concern, but in the circumstances they cannot be regarded as anything more. Messrs Gossage's business, we are informed, was founded some sixty years ego. The firm's trade specialities are well-known, but its finances have always been treated ass private mater.

Both Crcsfielda and G saages were in the soap trade " combination "of 1906 with Lever Brothers and othere.

BRUNNER, MOND, AND CO.'S NEW SHARES The deal will necessitate an increase in the authorised capital of Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co. At present this is £3,000,000, but only £2,789,650 has been issued. The latter amount consists of £1,962,870 in ordinary shares of 9.1 and £826,700 in 7 per cent. cumulative preference shares. At an early date a meeting of the shareholders will be held to sanction the issue of the further drams required, which, of course, will be a considerable number. The Company has within the last few days announced an interim dividend at the rate cf 2.1 per cent per annum on the ordinary shares, free of tax. For each a the last three full years it has paid 271 per cent., for two years before that 30 per cent., and for previous years even more. In 1910-11 the net profit was £700,499, in 180040 £7313,410, and in 1908-0 £700,130. In each of these years £150,000 was put to the suspense account. On the Manchester Stock Exchange on Friday ordinary shares were sold at Gd. ex-dividend, and the £lO prefererce shares were quoted at £l6 12s. Gd. to £lO 17s. Gd.

WONIFiN'S BIGHTS.—WHY pay enormous price-., when for the sum of 9s. we can make you a seven gored Tailor-made skirt from our famous Homespun Costume Cloths in Black, Navy, Brown, Wine, Grey and Green to your own measurements ; satisfaction guaranteed. FREE to every purchaser vs present a handsome 22 Carat Gold Caaed Necklet and Cameo Pendant for • limited time only. Send P.O. also length, waist and hip measures to HAIGH & Co. klauufacture,s, 4, Thornton rd, Bradford, Yorks.

HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTI-SOCIALISM.

The Concluding Lecture. The concluding lecture promoted by the Anti- , Socialist Union seas held on Tuesday evening in the Masonic Rooms, Bold-street, the question being the "Complexities of modern industry and Commerce." The meeting was presided over by Mr. H. J. Westbrook and the lecturer, Mr H. S. Saantoo, dealt with his subject in such a manner as to am n the approbation of the Socialists who were present. Mr. Swanton said in Coaling with a'Oif a of that Ikind involving work and labour the Socialists would think its poor compliment unless he referred to them in some sorts? way. They as opponents to Socialism wished to bring all interested in the subject of eocnomics, the worker and the employer on common ground, and to discard all political prejudice, and above all class prejudice which it was the object of Socialist to incite and foment. The only way to prevent people from becoming en easy prey to the unscrupulous agitator was by educating them on ncientifio lines into the problems of modern industry. 'They had to approach the problems in a spirit of scientific inquiry. Dealing with the history of modern industry, the lecturer said that up to the middle of the eighteenth century there was an industrial era known as the era of cottage craftsmen. That era had many things to recommend it, undoubtedly many people regretted that they had got bejond it, but what was the use of indulging in vain regrets when there was no one prepared to go back to that ers,hecause it would involve a lowering of the standard of life. It later developed into the workshop era when machinery came into play, and from ths year 1700 there began that enormous revolution in arts and crafts which had brought about the condition of affairs they had to-day. At about that time there were a number of men whose labours contributed largely to that revolution namely Beloit ley, Arkwright, Crompton, Cartwright, Wedgwood, Watt and Roebuck. From that period arose our com- mercial supremacy. Many people attributed that supremacy to the flical system introduced in 1840 known as the Free Trade system, but they would observe that the foundstions of onr success were laid before (hit system was introduced and it was Upon those foundations hey owed their supremacy. Among other causes for that supremacy were (I) railway development, (2) application of steam to sea transport, (3) a peaceful country whilst other nations were engaged in war, (1) the invention and use of machinery to industry. Free Trade had nothing to do with the question, He was not areing between Free Trade and Tariff Reform but he wished them to guard against false notions and to put down commercial success or failure to the real and tree cause. In view of the way in which industry bad developed and progressed could they possibly suggest that the producer, the worker in the factory, or field, was entitled to the whole of the product s,hich was the result of their labours. Most about all the rest of the community? They must not teoverlooked,in fact they wereabsolutely essential to modern industry, They were the com- plexities which they could not get rid or, but there were other complexities which they could afford to get rid of, end which were clogs entire wheels of progress. The cause was generally some State monopoly or some stupid interference on the part or its State officials. Socialism if put into operation would he full of those complexities and clogs, the result of that hide-bound officialism and State interfeiunce. Such an idea wes absolutely fatal to any progress. The adoption of the metrio system in commerce and trade had rendered it simple and easier for those countries which has adopted it. For the last ihirty-flve yews, Chambers of Commerce had passed resolutions calling upon the Government to establish the metric system in this country in order to simplify our business methods. Th. Government no far had only pissed some Act granting permission for these, who wanted to use it. Such permission was of little use a hen the Government itself continued along the old lines. They ssw to-day in addition to those factors new influences arising in connection with industry and our position in the industrial world. The develop- ment of the United States, Germany and the Far East altered this position very materially. Another matter which had come rapidly to the front was the propaganda —called the universal strike, which was a proposal to bring cspitalista of the world to their knees. It was not a thing which capitalists were likely to do unless driven into a corner. Undoubtedly they would-be enormous losers by it. They could not bring to an end the present system of private ownership by such methods It would only brine ruin and disaster to the population of these islands. The solution for dealing a ith the undoubted fact that whilst prices of necessaries had risen and wages bad not gone up in proportion, was he suggested, that workers and employers should meet ' on common ground. Some kind or iorlustrial board should be formed in the calculi ta ion of which the workers should be repre sashed, and in which the workers would have full confidence. The 1.1 ard should apply its mind to the consideration of those problems, and make suggestions which the Government could carry out and put into practice. If the solution of those problems was approached in that spirit many of those ierious difficulties would before long pass away, as the mist and darkness of night disappeared before the rising , sun. (Afplars!). . -

Questions being invited, Mr. RANDALLS, who stated he was a Socialist, asked whether the Lecturer thought such a commission of working men and masters would last very long, and had it not been tried before?

Mr. SWANIoN seicli;did not think it had been tried on the lines suggested. Mr C LEs another Socialist asked what the lecturer meant by the noisy demagogue. If it meant the s' reet corner orator, he noticed some of the Dukes had taken to tub thumping. Mr SwANTON : They would come under that category. His description related to those men who claimed a "dime all remedy. Mr LF.d : You stated that prices of commodities had increased and wages had not in proportion, yet on the other hand you contend that the competition between capitalists brought the prices to the lowest point. Where was the consistency of the two sugarcoats ?

Mr Swanton : There is no inconsistency at all. The competition between capitalists caused articles to be put on the market at the lowest prices. One reason he gave for the increase in prices was the enlarged output of gold. The price of gold could not he dropped and the price of commodities must rise to meet it. With regard to the nationalization of railways it was asked why could not the railway. if nationalized in England hen succe4 as they were in Germany. Mr Swanton : It is not generally admitted that they are a succeas on the Continent. They could not tell how much more successful they would have been if they had remained 'n the hands of private interests . Do your wish to impress noon or toe the railways in this country area success from the workers iu Ant of view.

SWANTON : It all depends on what you mean by I success. If they had no standard of comparison bow could they tell. Nothing in the world had ever been a complete success. Human nature being imperfect every- thing must be imperfect. Is it not a fact that the cost of transit is greater in England than abroad? The SECRETARY, Mr. McNair, interposed and said the German railways never undertook collection, ware- hosiery, or delivery. Transit was only between station and station.

Mr. S W NTOS said SS a matter of fart capitalists end shareholders were not opposed to nationalization. He 7 as inclined to look upon the nationalizstion movement as a capitalist movement more than a worket's movement.

The CHAIRMAN at the conclusion proposed a vote of thacks ta the lecturer. Ifs cud he could not for the life of him see 69w the amalgamation of everything would help Om to a better state of things. It was not the system which wan wrung, but the Men who worked did not do their ditty. He could not see how under Mate interference and government by • collec- tion of individuals who had neither souls to be saved, bodies to be kicked nor conacieccee to be pricked, they wets going to be better off than under a system governed by individuals each of whom they could pierce or remind him of the fact that he was an Individual who was resconsible. What they wanted wan the old-fashioned belief of mo-r practical Christianity and lees theoretical Socialism. (Applause Mr C. LEE seconded and others stemmed the resolu- tion. One of the Sechtflets remarking it would have been better if the lecturer had gone for them in stronger laugnege. Teo resolution was unanimously carried. On the proposition of Mr. MCNAIR (secretary of the Union) a vote of thanks nal accorded to the Chvirman and 041bers who had misted in making the meetings successful.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
REFORM OF THF LORDS.

On Tbursdxy Mr. Harold Smith asked the Prime Minister whether he proposed to proceed with the Franchise Reform Bill through its Parliamentary stages before carrrying rut his undertaking to introduce legislation for the reconstruction of the Second Chamber upon a popular basis. Mr. Asquith r We hope to proceed with the first- mentioned bill next year. There would obvioosly not be room or time in that session for the legislation referred to in the second part of th• question. (Ministerial cheers and Opporition laughter). Mr. Smith intimated that he would call attention to ' the matter at a convenient opportunity.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE MEETING AT

CHESTER.

Addresses by Miss Crosfield and Lady Frances Balfour.

A large and sympathetic audio, ce assembled hi the Music Hall, Chester. on Tuesday night to hear Lady Frances Balfour and Mrs. Egert mi Stewart Brown oa Women's Suffrage. _ _

Mss r. fl. Cretinsld, will was in the chair, referred briefly to the strength of the Suffrage movement in Great Britain. Therr own society the N.C.W.S.S. alone numbered 300 branches. The one iu Chester being founded 7 months ago by Miss Waring (organizing secretary for Lancashire and Cheshire). It possessed a most able ma sident in Miss M. Itoyclon (Birken- head) who iset present speaking in America for the Suffrage, andwas fortunate in having fund so energetic a secretary as Miss Adams. Miss Croefield then deszrib.d the various types of objectors one met with especially vnorivt women,and advised those who were faint-hearted to c =fort themselves with learning by heart a list of the great men who had backed and were backing their move- ment ; such as John Stewart Mill, Bismarck, Disraeli, Mazzini, the late Lord Salisbury, Mr. Balfour. Mr. Littleton, Lord Salborne, Mr. Boner Law, Lord Haldane. Sir Edward Grey, Mr. Birrell, Mr. LI ryd George, Mr. Runcimin, Mr. Snowden, Mr. Shackleton, Ac, Lady Balfour, who received an eathuaiastic welcome made a weighty and telling speech. She pointed out that there had bees 20 years of hard work to secure the Married Woman's Act. and that just the same arguments were used then, notably that if a woman was allowed to have her own property, she would at once become an unnatural monster, and desert husband and children. None of these alarmist prophecies have been fulfilled, nor have they in the countries where women now possess the vote. It was this type of mind which called Florence Nightinga`e an immodest woman and Elizabeth Fry unwomanly. " Let us remember that it tcok 40 years to emancipate the slaves, and all progress must expect to meet with great attacks. But the vote will remove the last ha 4ge of inferiority in women." Lady Balfour mentioned that Mrs. Philip Snowden alone had addressed 21.11 meetings in one year, and asked where had thee been such masses of meetings for the manhotd suffrage that has been proposed? (Applause.) Mrs. Stewart Brown in a vigorous speech took a hopeful view of the situatirrn and believed in working fur the amendment advised by Mr Lloyd Ge rge. In speaking of bow the vote would effect women's wages, she quoted what Mr. Lloyd George had himself said at a public meeting, "If women had the vote, Govern- ment would have to pay women the some as men." She dealt in masterly style with Mrs. Humphrey Ward's alarmist theories, and showed that belonging to Boards of Guardians Ac., takes up far more time than merely recording votes at election time. The National Anthem was sung and a collect:on taken and the meeting came to a close after new members had been enrolled.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
p.oors• RIE3 1012,

We would call the attenticn of our readers to those wonderfully cheap and useful Die/les published by , Boots, Cash Chemists, and obtainable at each of thefr establishments. For those who do much writing the " Scribbling Diary 'is worth its price for the blotting paper alone. The "Home Diary" is indispmrable to housekeepers who are wise enough to keep accounts ; while its information legal and otherwise in relation to domestic affairs renders it a roost valuable companion. The many thousands who have used the little Pocket Diary for engagements, &c., for years, can speak from experience of its value. In addition ta all this, to each of these Diaries is attached an Insurance Coupon, by which, for a modest registration fee to the OCOSII Accident ani Duarantee Corporation, you are insured for .Cl,OOO.

I. DEPOSIT. and •TPIT Lim 4 Jewellery. Vend W. • and upon the lact nf 11 ICOn v. of ad. han.l.rdur pre.. nt (....—Wholeee.l. Mena. • Co., el. IligNale 111. 11.1%.

"The Cook's Best Friend." BORWICK'S BAK NG POWDER.

FITS CURED AT HOME. Dreadful eases have been cured by the " TREATMENT... VARSO Ne ease is too bad to yield to Me valuable cur.; the fits generally cease ISOM the first. No Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferers should App I y for full particulars to JAS. Q. MILLS. `J.P.S.. Chemist, PLATT MUDGE. WIGAN. Simple sent for 3 stamps.

"How I, IT TH ST CL %RICE'S BLOW/ MIX I ['RE bad obtained inch a greet populs rdy ?" is &question whic', has perplexed many. Toe Sasser is, that it is unquez tionahly the finest Bleed Purifier (hut szience •re medical skill has brought to light.. Thousands of wonderful cures helve been effected b 7 it. For Scrofuly Scurry, Eczema, Skin end Blooi Diseases, Bed Les. Pimples, end Sores of all kinds, its effects sr. marvellonn. Sold everywhere at 21. 91. per bottle Beware of worthless imi tat ions sod substitute., ‘lst. CLARKE'S 8, 41 PILLS Sr. warranted to 00701 Is either *ex all acquired or conetitational dpcharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. F.atablished upwards of 40 years. In boxes 4s. I.t awl, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln sad Midland Counties Drug Co., Linoola.-Adtt

'IIOI,IIIW- 2=l rani. factortug

===== 0002601_19111202_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

FABLED DRUIDS. I fancy that the President r f the local Druids and his intimate associates, to say nothing of multitudes tutside the Order, iv, old hare only indignation and contempt for one who asserted that the ancient priestly race whose name the former are proud to bear never existed in fact—that they are wholly mythical, and that such records as we have in relation to the subject are to be regnded as pure fiction. Yet it is precisely what an alleged archeologist declared in my hearing a little while ago. " There never were any Dtuids," said this Sir Oracle, with the dogmatic assurance of conscious infallibility, as though the categorical denial, unsupported as it was by any Fort of evidence, admitted of no apical. It occurs to me that I may possibly h ,ye mentioned the extra- ordinary circumstance in this column at the time— one needs a goo I memory indeed if repetition is to be avoided ; but I was singularly impressed, and in any case do not apologise for this reference. Such people irritate one ; at all events, I find them exceedingly unpleasant, and I trust that my readers generally share my sentiments in this re,pect. They tell us that the story of the great Alfred's burning of the cakes in the neatherd's hut is baseless, and that Cnut's rebuke to his courtiers' ridiculously fulacme adulation is likewise devoid of foundation ; that William Tell himself, to whose memory at least one costly monument has been erected, is an imaginary person- age, and that the legend of his desperate achievement with bow and arrow is merOy of the stuff that dreams are made of; that Wellington did not say at Waterloo" Up Gnatds and at em ! and that when cur soloists say that just before Nelson entered upon the Battle of Trafalgar. " along the line the signal ran,' Engand expects that every man tbis day will do his duty'" they do but aid, however unconsciously, in the perpetuation of another bit of supposed English history for which there is actually no ground whatever ! And so forth and so on. Why, these wretched iconoclasts are now doing their utmest to rob the youngsters of their cherished fai y tales ! What next - and next ! IllS FIRST SERMON. That capital narrative as to the late Mr. Job Swales' initial pulpit effort, reminiscent as it was of rertnin of the " Clogshop Chronicles" and of Peter Mackenzie's favourite bits of autobiography, further reminded me of the na-,re easily-daunted young fellow who selected as the text of his trial sermon the most prominent incident in the meagre scriptural account ,of Zaecheus. After reading the passages, the would-be preacher was suddenly seized with the distressing malady known in some other circumstances as " stage fright," and yet again as" blue funk," and his mind, like that f the youthful Job Swales on the like occasion, for a moment became (as in one of his famous roster songs Chevalier hath it) '' a puffick blank." flowerer, he recovered sufficiently to stammer out : " Zacchens was a little man—so am I ; Zaccheas was up a tree - so am I; Zaccheus came down—so will I. " Suiting the action to the word, be beat as dignified • retreat as possible in such conditions. LAST WEEK'S 'STORY.

'The Whistler tit-bit which " Uncle Caleb " intro- duced into his " Corner "last Saturday brought to my mind one that came my way while reporting an inquest once upon a time. Having administered the oath to an Irish widow who had been called formally to identify the body of her deceased husband, the Coroner asked the woman how old she was. "Oi can't tell yer banner that," said she," sure an' oi lift me age in mild Oireland." '' But you can give us some idea " ? pursued the Coroner " Well," was the reply, " Oi reckon vi do be gittin on for 80. " 06, come now," commented the gallant In3:1 of law " you're not nearly so old as that, I'm sure. What was your husband's age ? Can you tell us that ? That, after all, is the main point." "Ali, yes" responded the dame with alacrity, "he'd be about the same age as myself—sixty-four or loins ! " This in turn some- how recalls an interview Inure had with a centenarian of the semi sex and at least equal volubility. " Any children living ?" I queried among other things. "There's two on 'em—booath lads,' she answered, " ther'saar Shi.drack, be's turned o' 70, an' he'll do reyt ennff nab for owt I know, but I'm a bit bothered , about yon yot.og 'un—l'm sadly 'feared I'll ne'er be able to rear him." "Dear me ! " I interposed. " Pray what age is he? " " He'll be five-an'-sixty the next time he makes up!" As the old lady dis- charged this parting shot, there was more than a suspicion of a twinkle in her eye. Of course, as was well-known in all the region round about, the joke was one she reserved for such occasions, and, if not strictly a rigioal it nerved admirably. ESPERANTO.

As to this, just a 'further word, if only to acknow- ledge the complimentary personal allusion of the self- sect ificing and painstaking local hr n. secretary, Mr. E. a. Burgess. I am sorry if fled him to suppose that I had undertaken it really sericus and extended experi- ment in testing the claims of this easily first of artificial internation, I languages. I camsell imagine how disappointed he would le with my perhaps too premature and certainly very feeble effort, but even

that unpretentious little essay sufficed to show that the resources of an otherwise well-equipped printing office are unequal to the demands of Esperanto. However so sanguine and enthusiastic an admirer and disciple of Edmenoff will doubtless find some compensa- tion in the fact that the recipient of my birthday message has caught the infection, and is already making remarkable progress. However that may be he will concede that I aff-treled him one of those opportunities for propaganda, for which, n 5 I pointed out a fortnight ago, 7, or true Esperantiat is ever on the look-out. That is something, for as to this world-wide movement some quite eminent public teachers may be said to have been in a state of gross darkness and superstition. Take a simple illustration such as might be multiplied almost indefinitely. The other week that broad-minded and generally commend- able ecclesiastic Dean Welldon, addressing a gather- ing rf students in their teens, took occasion to warn them against the aitificially-constructed language, mentioning in particular, and denouncing with unusual severity, Volaptik and Esperanto. Now that struck me as a gratuitous exhibition of downright ignorance, and I should not have thought the excellent Dean capable of anything so pitiable. He and I are old enough to remember all about Volapuk (a colleague , of mine studied that system, and gave it fair trial— weighed it in the balance and found it wanting), and the Dean ought to have been aware that it ignominiously expired before any of the boy-s to whom he was speaking were born. Probably he knew that as well as I know it; it was in b-acketing Esperanto with it and treating the two systems' as if there were no essential difference that igno-ance as unwented as it was inexcusable was manifested. As last week's correvondent wrote, anyone who knows anything at all of Esperanto and artific'al languages " Knows that it is a question of Esperanto first and the rest nowhere." A bumble hawker of fish who includes my house in his daily round regularly corresponds in Esperanto with people the world over who krow no more of English than he knows of their native Russian, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, German, French, and the rest. He has an album containing upwards of 200 picture postcards with messages from these unknown sympathisers. Thus people t.-f all nations and tongues systematically rave a medium of communication but for which there could be no such fellowship and heart-union ; and if Dean Welldon had known this (and really one might have supposed that reports rf the annual Congress at any rate would have come his way) he would not have been betrayed into the grave error which I now 'specially deprecate. WOULD-BE SUICIDE'S COMPLAINT.

What the prisoner Richard Pugh said and attempted at Runcorn as stated in last week's " Examiner " reminded me of a case of the kind that came under my own observation years ago. A tramp womau had attempted suicide in a po'ice cell, and I saw her lying on the ground and the brutal gaoler kicking her. His explanation w.s that he was '' teaching her better than trying to kill herself" while she was in his charge. That occurred considerably over 20 years ago, and recently, while on a pedestrian tour in East Lancashire, I fell in wilh a quarryman on tramp between Burnley and Coins. We walked together for close upon four miles. and he confessed that he bad again and again deserted his wife and had repeatedly , been in prison. I ventured to puts few direct questions, and my strange companion proved to be the brother of the inhuman police officer who had used bin heavily-shod feet upon the poor woman so long before. " But," added he " our Ned were different throo me, you know ; he was a converted character—went to t' chapel arid all that, do you see " ? I said I was glad of that, of course but I should hardly have suspected it, " 06, but it's right," eaid he, " I went to his funeral and got to know all about it from a publican in them parts. I told him I reckoned our Ned had been a good customer of his ; and he said " He used to come here regular for a goodish while after he left t' force ; then he signed teetotal and took to going to t' chapel, and we ne'er , saw no more on him at after that." Well well there was lots of room for improvement.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIE,HIRE'S NEW COLLEGE.

Cheshire's only undenominstional training college, which has been built on land bought from the Marquis of Crewe, situated opposite Crewe Hall Park, is now completed, and will be opened shortly after Christmas. It bas cost upwards of £30,000, and has accommodation for seventy women, who will be in a hostel on the grounds, and for fifty men. They will have a two years' course, and it is estimated that sixty teachers will be turned out every year.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HEDLEY FITTON'S ETCHINGS.

A sale by auction of the furniture and effects of the late Mr Arthur Harrison at " Erinhurst," Frodshans, has just been completed. IL my be interesting to art collectors to note that four etchings by Hadley Fitton realised Ell° Hs, as follows —Rue de Ftlotel de Ville, Paris, £26 Se; London Bridge, £33 131 ; City Cross, Winchester, OA 4s ; and " The Two Mills," £:3l 10r. These were published by Mr Dunthorne, Castle-strcer, Liverpool, only a few years ago, for five guineas each. The freehold residence was offered behre the corn- ' mer.cement of the sale of the furniture and withdrawn, the highest bid being £2560.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
From Reynolds' We

===== 0002601_19111202_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD'S UNREST.

By Mr. H. Whitham.

The time has now gone by when the student of current libtory may confine himself to the study of history as it is made in his own immediate neighbour- hood or nation. Steam and electricity have brought us close together and whatever may bs the happenings between the two poles, such events surely appear each morning, along with the tea and toast, but not r always with an equal relish. So it is, the general elections come along, and I, 6,000 miles away, know the morning after your election in Warrington that von have returned a Tory to represent you in Westminster,—not nice reading certainly, but then, what of it? The world certainly moves all the same. The mills of the gods grind slowly, but finely and inexorably. A recent writer in the "Examiner" suggested that a few of the old historical truths should be placed before the young readers r f to-day. I thought the idea good, and I was more convinced of its wisdom, I as, tuning to my letter book of 1887, I find I wrote a Dumber of articles for the " Examiner" on the then vexed question of Mining Royalties. Mr. Percy, Miner's Agent if Wigan, to 1 up the same question and published a very full pamphlet dealing with it. To-day I find in my paper a despatch from Loucks], stating that a woman reformer, Mrs Anderson, "has by strenuous effort succeeded in doubling the ray of female chain makers" of Cradley Heath, near Birmingham. Turning again to my letter book I find that in 1887 I wrote a number of letters ,to the "Sunday Chronicle" and ti the Warrington "Examiner, " on behalf of the Cradley Heath chain makers. In one of these letters I had this to say : " Sixty hours for 12s, and a strike to maintain it. The truck system with all its attendant oppor- tunities for barefaced robbery prevails. Debt is forced upon the psor miserable wretches, and the charitable and long suffering employers step in and give help by charging at the rate of 2d. and 3d., interest on each shilling. Employers only give work to those who deal at shops at which they are interested. Ore of the men states : All that a man has to take home of a Saturday night is a bellyful of tears." The great draw back of the Cbainmakers Union was that a majority of the members were young girls and women I hare a picture near me which shows the grandmother blowing the bellows, the son and his wife at the anvil, and the grandchild on the hearth playing amongst the cinders. I went through the streets, at d " pubs " of Warrington carrying dog chains and back chains, stating what the makers had for their work, and what the retailers sold them for. I was chairman and Mr. E. Bunch was secretary of the movement and we sent £25 to the Cradley Heath chain makers. No religious body and no men of means stepped to the front to help these women.

During the month of October California as a whole voted a good majority in favour of wom-in suffrage. I am planned to pay I think I contributed a strong argu- ment in refutation of the Anti's argument, which was that the men would always :see to it that the women received justice. That argument is to be found in Professor Cheney's Illustrated Industrial and Social History of England, and in R. H. Home's "A new spirit of the age " article, " Lord Ashley and Dr. Southwood Smith.

All the above is, in part, the cause of the present unreel, and if the workers ask for just a little recogni- tion they receive a scornful "No." If they strike, the "London Morning Poet " advises that " The time has come for that whiff of grape shot which is the only answer of authority to the c'amour of an undisciplined mob." The "Westminster Gazette "puts the situation quarely. "Capital requires a surplus of labour to meet its emergencies, and the reserve army stands idle at its own expense and to its great demoralisa- tion." What are you going to do about it? H. WIIITLIAM.

639, Broderic-street, San Francisco. October, 1911

===== 0002601_19111202_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
" TUE ONLOOKER."

The feature of' The Onlooker" Christmas Double Number is a striking cover in colours, entitled "Such Stuff as Dreams are Made On," tiN Lovst F ,one of the most original of the younger generation of artists. Several fall-page pen and ink drivringe by the same artist also furnish decidedly unconventional illustra- tions to a cycle of Christmas Stories, entitled "Such Stuff as Dreams are Made On," which includes strong dramatic stories by Patrick Yalu, J. A. T. Lloyd, etc. Mr Harry Furniss contributes a double prigs Cartoon "Charles Dickens's Christmas Party," which, in •iew of , the great novelist's centerary next year, is peopled with familiar characters from his Christmas stories. Another feature of the issue are some fine full-pige pictures of the magnificent Historic, Monuments of India, which Her Majesty the Queen will visit in the course of her Indian tour, published by special permission. An amusing skit by Denis Duval, illustrated from thumb- nail sketches by Owen Ares. A Yorkshire Idyll," Kessimass in our Village,', by .1 Fairfax Blakeborough, and the news of the week illitstrated from photographs and pictures complete an issue which certainly offer full value for sixpence.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR STREETS.

OVER £22,000 FOR IMPORTANT IMPROVEMENTS. Mr. S. Gough Complains of Secrecy.

Important purchaets of property for the improve- ment of the main streets of Warrington were disclosed at a Local Government Board iequiry held at the Town Hall on Tuesday by Mr. Edgar Dudley, F.S I into the application of the Corporation for sanction to. the borrowing of money for the purpose of street improvements. The chief items in the desired loan were 1.7,144 I Is. lid, fir the Buttermarketatreet widening, end £14,817 for the Borsetharket-strett and Cheap- stele improvement. The peried asked for repayment was 00 years. Amongst thoee present at the inquiry were : -The Malt r, A'derman Bennett, Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Dirties, Pemberton and Toole, Mr S Hough, Mr J Lord, Messrs 1 Lyon Whittle (town clerk), A THallaway, (deputy town clerk), T H Spinks (essiatant town clerk), J Fairhurst (borough treasurer). T Longdin (borough surveyor), and A M Ker (del uty borough surveyor). The Inspector inquired if there was any opposition to the application. Councillor Pemberton: I don't know, air, until I've heard it. The notice (announcing the inquiry) is , very inadequate in my opinion. It doesn't describe what the properties are. The Inspector: You will get all those pal eculare presently. _

===== 0002601_19111202_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
BUTTERMARKET STR EE

- --.....—. -...—.. The Town Cleik then submitted particulars of the Puitermarktt-street echeme. Ile raid there were three lots of properly in that part of the application all acquired under the Provisional Order of 19112. The first lot, numbered 42, 41 and -16, Buttermarket - street, was purchased fr m Mr. J. Kitchingbam for £1,877, it elusive of legal costs. It consisted of shops and a smithy at the rear. Ihe gross rental was £7l. The Inspector : Are old Warringlon properties worth 271 years' purchase ? The Town Clerk : If we could buy all property at that price we should do very well. Dealing with the second lot of protcrty, No. 4, Buttermarlet-street, the Town Clerk said it had been bought born Mr. W. Fletcher, for £3,155, inclusive of all charges. The property, which was near Market- gate, was leasehold, and subject to a ground rental of £5 per annum, which the Corporation bad agreed to redeem. The rental was £l2O. The owner claimed , £3,751, and the price paid was £3,000. With respect to the third lot, purchased front Mr. J G. Craik, the Town Clerk said that it was agreed to give Mr. Craik £2,000, to include not only the value of his interest in the property, but compensation for lots through disturbance, the cost of iemoval of the business, legal and surveyor's charges. Ote-balf of the proteity neceteary for the in:Frill went bad been acquired, and the other moiety was subject to arbitra- tion, which would be decided upon next month. "Mr Craik does tot think be has done very well by the transaction," commented the Town Clink, "aid pulls a long face about it It was stated that the greys astertment of the premises was £lOO. The Inspector remarked that assessments in War- rington were not very reliable for an indication of value.

The Town Clerk : No, sir, they are very low. The Inspector : Then we seem to no on a scale of progression of purchase. First it is '2O years, next 30 years, and then 40 years. The Town Clerk Well, that includes compensa- tion for the disturbance and removal of his business. It was stated that the sum of £lll 16s. Ild, had been set down for the demolition of the properties. Councillor Peniberton said be was surprised to bear of such a large item. Be was a member t I the committee and had not known before it had cost that amount to pull down the property. The Inspector Were the old materials worth anything ? The Borough Surveyor; Practically nothirg. Councillor Pemberton . There has been no diffi- culty in the past in selling old property at a price. I shall certainly oppose anything like this taking place again.

_ The Borough Surveyor : These properties are very old and the most difficult to pull down. We have to be exceedingly careful because there is the Workmen's Compensation Act to think about. I have a separate gang f man specially trained for demolish- ing these old places. We have never bad a single accident from the time we commenced such work in Warrington. If we had to engage a contractor, we should be mulcted in no end of expense, in case anything happened to the men. The Inspector In a general way, what Councillor Pemberton says is correct. One generally finds that old materials are worth something. Of course, there may be exceptions. Councillor Pemberton: You must have had experi - ence of men in special trades who go about buying propel ty to pull down. The Inspector : In a general way that is so. Councillor Pemberton : lam in the building trada and I am very much surprised. lam on the Street Improvement Committee and I never thought it was costing us this money. The Inspector: I should suggest that the Borough Stheyor sold you the old materials. (Laughter). Councillor Pemberton I never use old materials, thanks, but lots of people are glad to get hold of them and to pay for them. As to the danger to the public, there could be an agreement that they should take all the precautions that the Borough Surveyor's depart- ment takes.

Mr. Gcugh : Isn't there a aecrecy connected with 8o many of these things,that ought not tube tolerated? Fancy a member of the committee who doesn't know anything about it. The Inspector : It is difficult for me to deal with a point like that. I cannot possibly know what has happened in your Council and committee meetings. Mr. Cough : Here is a member of the Council who has been a paity to purchasing this and he doesn't know anything about what has been going on. Then they make app'ication to the Izcal Government Board almost secretly. The Inspector : Any reasonable question you may ask the Town Clerk or the Borough Surveyor. Alderman Bennett : Thete accounts have been before the Street Improvement Committee.

Mr. Gough : There are many things in connectiGn with the Corporation which the ratepayer finds it impossible to get to know. The Inspector It is not much use telling me that. Mr. Gough : It may guide you in recommending this application. The Inspector: That in an ex-parte stattinent. One would have to take all sorts of evidence to deal with such a point. The Town Clerk; Mr. Gough makes these state- ments as a rule whenever becomes to an inquiry. There has been no secrecy as he suggests. Members can get all the information they require.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSESIARKET-WREET.

The Town Cie; IX- --ert;;e-d— that the application in respect of the Horsemarket-street improvement was for £14,847 to cover the purchase of Nod. 6,8, and 10, and Noe. 7 and 9, Horsemarket-street, five amps belonging to the cams, of the late T. R. Shepherd. The purchase price was a very fair one. Explaining how the Corporation acquired the property, he said that Mr. Shepherd died and two of the legatees under the will lived in America. They were at present in England and wanted to sell the property. They were anxious to complete the purchase as goon as possible. The Corporation had acquired it for the porpose of getting a good class of building in that important position. In explanation of the discrepancy between the assessable value and the rent of one of the shops, the Town Clerk mentioned that the tenancy was an old one and the rent had ixt been increased for fifty years. Alderman Bennett said although the acquisition of all the shops was an enlargement of the original scheme, the enlargement, he thought, would commend itself to the Board as a great improvement. It was included partially from an architectural pint of view. It was in the very heart of the town, and they all felt it desirable to make the centre oL the town as attractive as possible.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL BROW IMPROVEVENT.

An additional application authorised by the Town Council the previous day for sanction to borrow money in respect of • street improvement at School- brow was then heard by the Inspector. The Town Clerk said it was proposed to purchase property numbered 38 and 38, School-brow, and 1 and 3, Croesley-atreet, from Mrs. M. A. Cheewortli, to enable the Council to improve School-brow. The cost of the improvement, ieclusive of paving and purchase and the demolition of the property, was estimated at t.:l2::e. lid. The piirchaee was a very cheap one, There was no oppcsitko lo Le

===== 0002601_19111202_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ho Cash Chemists C Ideal Xmas Gifts

• EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN

Fancy, Leather, Brass and Copper.

NEW ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE NOW READY.

.20 price 4/6

trass Letter Rack, with inkstand, or with stamp box. tAO price 5/11

AV price 4/11

at ..06RP,'# 2/11

Polished rags Cabinet Frame,

price 311

Ladies' best Gun Metal ‘Vatch. complete with strip.

Also in nickel7nd enamel. VI

„Ar'Ttir,-- xv ,01,,* ir 9 4 2. -'w vi-,,iv--"T • IA et•B A£• 7 . It''''.) ' _4•44., . . , . Bra, Clock, 13

L -

Brown Crocodile Lock l'urse,

_ Af2ll 106 4L- ) • ° - "•

VI

(P:3's • o'4 • •4 . • •

_. . ia. • Gents. Solid Hide

, iip•ef.. ~, F. i1ze44.:.1:::•?!..4.:...i'',?! lelizpi '6,.....AsV4v4fizeied: ......„,•,:. m,.. , .....

Diced Persian Writing Case, Bvo., 5/8 at AO

. -

===== 0002601_19111202_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
.1)

Gents. Solid Hide Subretash Bogs, I)ressing Roll. in four colours. only 2 II ...021) price 10/6 at

Long graii......... and Attache Case in cloth fitted as Handkerchief Case. 11/1 illustrated, bin. gill: I2in. WS Cheaper quality in Straight grain Leather Attache Case, seal grain. 1/11 as above, 10in. 111 : 12in. 1010 at „AO at AV

Green Morocco Bank Solid Hide Collar Bon,

Note Case, 7/6 at giO

, in Glove •

• - •

- tq _ 4110111■1 in clorl•

1401011WA-' , ,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
egso prices 2/11, 3/6 Dressing Roll, 21/- at ..130

Cash Chemists,

Gifts Department. Corner of Sankey St, & Bridge St, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAND QUESTION.

In Relation to "The Social Problem."

By H. T. Weeks.

There is no doubt but that the solutima of the Social Probltm is largely bound np in the solution of the queetion of the " Veto " of the House of Lords. No one can deny, in the face of the accumulated evidence of centuries, that the House of Lords is the stronghold of Monopoly and Privilege. In Mr. Rees' article in "The Young Liberal" a few weeks ego, "The Social Problem," he said it was necesaary that every Young Liberal should ask himself " Upon what principle am I to base my future political action? " There is one straight road, at any rate, in front of all Young Liberals, and that is to endeavour to secure for industry • fairer share of the results that industry produces. Free Trade or freedom of exchange is one of the vital necessities of industry or labour. Having successfully defended " Free Trade" from the attacks of Tariff Reform, the young Liberal must now press on to complete Cobden's work. I say Cobden's work, for in December, 1838, at the instaoce of Richard Cobden, a petition was adopted by the Manchester Chamber of Commerce which contained the following :—" And to carry out to the fullest extent, both as affects agriculture anti manufacturers, the true and peaceful principles of Free Trade, by removing all existing obstables to the unrestricted employment of industry and capital." These " obstacles" were undoubtedly "the abominable ; restrictions in your parish settlements, and the like," a phrase need in his last public speech. The method he would have used to deal with these " restrictions" is contained in a speech delivered on December 10th, I 1841, in which he says : I hope to see societies formed, calling upon the legislature to revalue the land, and put a taxation upon it in proportion to that of other countries, and in proportion to the wants of the State. Industry is to be freed from all obstacles to its unrestricted employment, and land is to be taxed according to the needs of the State. The annual amount required for the needs of local and imperial government is about £326,000,000 which is largely rained by tame and taxes based on the annual rental value of buildings and land together. Now, the site value of land is due to the presence of population and the necessitous demand of that popula- tion for the use of land, according to the conveniences of its position. flat is to say,the community creates the site value; the owners do nothing. But the value of buildings is due to the industry put into them in the shape of bricks, mortar, timber, fittings. Ac. So that by taxing buildings you are artificially adding to the cost of the prcductions of industry, and are so putting an obstacle in the way of its unrestricted employment. But by taxing the rite value of land alone for government purposes y;.O are restoring to the community part of what the community itself creates. Imagine C3'26 ,gioo,orx p raised out of the site value of land alone, imagine what the 525 peers who own • quarter of Great Britain would have to contribute, and see how we should be making the rich pay their due share, while industry and the poor would be relieved. At one stroke you would have attained, or removed the necessity for, half the reforms we are now striving for. Villages, instead of declining, as now, wculd develop into towns, and hamlets would become villages. Small holdings eonld be available everywhere, and under the Tons Planning Act we should have Garden Suburbs Or Bourneville On every side. Instead of legislating for the children bern and reared in an unwholesome slum, you would have healthy youngsters breathing the fresh air of heaven, and growirg in wisdom and stature, aseimilating as only childhood can the thousand and one gifts which nature in her bouety so liberally bestows. The mere fact of • tax on site values would, by making land easily available cause those who wishel to work the land to remain on the lend. Others in town, diegusterl with the tortur- ing competition, would willingly risk wringing out of

the genet ous si il a healthier livelihood than is to be obtained by precarious employment. Cottages would want building, implements wculd be r«mired, clothing must be had, and FO the demand for them would be itcleated. That individuals can obtain a living out of the soil anyone who has vieited the teem-acre farms of Denmark and the rocky patches of the Norwegian peasants well knows. Could we not make sone it the 24,000,000 worth of butter we import? Cculd we not prodne the f.7,000,00n worth of eggs we import? Could we not rear pigs, and so make the £16,00),(100 worth of pork and bacon that reaches these shores from abroad ? But by increasing the means of employmEnt you raise the standard of wages, and a bight r standard of wages means an increased con- eumption of these necessary articles, and so it is highly probable that, although we produced a great deal of butter, eggs and bacon ourselven, the imports would not be materially lessened, and so our manufac- turers would not suffer. And if they did find a diminution of foreign trade the increase int home con- sumption would quite make up for it. Itai•te your revenue both locally and imperially from a tax on site values, snd you have settled the "unem- ployed" question, and the " minimum " wage would settle itself. With lard available for use, men would stay ou the land, return to the land, competitions in towns would decrease, demands for labour would increase, wages rise, rents w,.uld be lower, MA con- ditions healthier and better. You would undoubtedly bring about that better sad more equable distribution of wealth which all Young Liberals an ardently desire.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ERUPTION COVERED HIS 3 CHILDREN.

" My three children were covered with pores from head to foot, and hands and arms. They first came out on the back like a lot of little blisters, and then broke into large sores till their backs, arms and legs were nothing but Pores. It was heartrending to see the little things suffer with such pain and they would scratch themselves to pieces bad they not been stopped. I tried several (ketone medicines sod all kinds of ointments but nothing seemed to do them any good. They pimply got worse until a friend told me to get some Oakum Soap and give them a good hot bath and then apply s .me estimate Ointment. I did and after had dressed them a tiros or two and used two tablets of Cuticura Soap and two boxes of Cuticura Ointment the places began to dry tip and the itching seemed to have stopped, as the children could go to sleep as soon as they were bathed and the Ointment applied. " They had suffered about two months anti! I started with Cuticura Remedies. I used six tablets of Soap and about the same of Ointment, and they soon began to look bright and healthy again, and min skin began to grow. I am pleated to say they are keeping so, but lam still keepmg Cuticura Soap and Ointment by me. It is a good thing for scolds and burns." feigned) William Dunn, 145, Branstone Road, Burton-on-Treat, England, Mar. 12, 1911. Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists everywhere. A 'ample of each with 32p. book:post-free from nearest depot: Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London; It. Towns & Co., reintatiy, N.S.W. ; I.lnnoa, Ltd., Cape Tows; Moller, & Co., Calcutta and Bombay ; Cutionm," Balton, U.S.A. Tender-faced men should shave with Cuticum Soap Shaving Stick.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
FARMERS SURPLUS MILK. CO OPERATIVE CHEESE FACTORY FOR CHESHIRE.

The Cheshire Milk Producers' Amociatloo, which hal a membership, of over 1,000 farmers, bas secured • factory near Chester in order to deal with their surplus milk. This will soles the difficulty, which farmers hays esperlenced for many years, bow to deal with their milk at certain seasons of tbe year, particularly 10 lb. summer months, vibe° therein a glut, producing • fall in prime. The factory will be cootrolled by the avociation, awl ran on co-opernti we linew, end month,. will consign to it surplus milk to be manufactured in'ti cheese.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY UNREST.

MR. J. A. SEDDON SAYS DIRECTORS MUST EAT HUMBLE PIE.

Ndignation at Sentences on Earlestown Men.

The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants held a public meeting for all grades of railwaymen in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday eveniug. Mr. W. Hudson, M.P. (Newcastle), was announced as the principal speaker, lint was enable to attend. Mr. J. A. Seddon (prospective Labour candidate for the Newton Division presided over an excellent attendance. The CFI Al It Nt aa: referred to the prosecutions which had taken place since the recent strike. He criticised in strong terms the seuteneee passed upon the inen with regard to the Eariestown distnrbances. Ile contended that the sentences were out of all proportion. and were each RS could not be allowed to continue without a revolt on the part of labour. He pointed out that the struggle between capital and labour would become more fierce and they would also Dave to fight against the judidal bench of the country. They had got to alter the constitution of the courts of law in order to get lair rights and fair play in this country. He was told on good authority that certain people were undertaking most despicable methods in order to find out as to who would be loyal or disloyal should another struggle take pl•ce. There were limits to human endurance, and such people might get more than they bargained for if they persisted in their inr(Wr'es. (Applause). Reviewing the general situation Mr Seddon said it had been contended that the strike was settled too precipitately, and that the C mmission's report men clouded with certain undefinable proposi- tions which bad led to the men having different con- clusions. The railway men started out with the definite determination to get recognition of their unions,which was the minimum of their demtiods. Their case, as far as wages and bourn werecancerned, was unanswerable. He thought the debate in the House of Commons had somewhat cleared the air, end had brought to light the fact that the railway men did not accept the report without question. Notwithau siding the confosion of the politicians, the vote in the House of Cimmons vrould compel the railway companies and the men's leaders to come together and discuss the final agree- ment. If the railway companies refused, the duty of the Government was clear and unmistakable. They must say to the railway companies : "We will not tolerate another dislocation of the t r Ilia. Either you meet the railway men or we meet them. and we shall control the railways in the interests of the c sentry." (Applause) He believed many of the directors would have to eat humble pie, and they would swallow a good deal before they would give up their gr:p of the railway men in the country. Oct of the most hopeful features of the recent struggle VMS the joint aoti on oaths part of the four railway unions. If amalgama- tion was not within the range of pnactical politics, federation ought to be. (Applause.) Mr. W. TA molt moved the following resolution : s' That this mmt rig of all grades of railwaymen, seeing that the industrial battles of the future must necessarily been a wider basis than hitherto, and that the railway organisation means efficiency an well al numbers, calls on all members of railway unions to rem at once for a federation of the various unions, no that in future all shall fight together as one, thus making an injury to one an affront to all. Also, this meeting is determined to press for the removal of our grievances and to stand by the action of the Joint executives to press for a mooting of the railway officials to have the findings of the Royal COMIIIiSSiOn rightly interpreted." Mr. C. Wozawcnorr, in seconding, criticised the attitude of Mr. H. Smith, M.P., on the railway struggle, particularly with regard to the questions he had addressed to the Prime Minister on the subject of alleged intimidati on on the railways. Ile con- tended that they were not consistent with his declara- tion that there was no clam war in Warrington and that the railway men knew how to behave themselves. If Mr. Smith had really sympathised with the men who were out for right and justice he should have come to their assistance at the hour of crisis, but he was scarce then. (Laughter). Ile (the epeaker) hoped railway workers would remember Mr. Smith's attitude when he asked for their votes and not support a man who was against the democracy of this country. (Applausa). Mr. J. A. Wridiam,, local organising secretary. mid it was time railway workers and the industrial classes generally adopted a atrong attitude with regard to the action of the judges in the different Courts. Only the other day the Judge at Cardiff Assizes said It seemed to him that the Trades Disputes Act had been enacted almost solely to create riotait was outrageous torn men in ho position to make such a statement, but all along the line jodges were giving vent to expressions of that kind. Their vices were naturally coloured by the class to which they belonged. There would have to he an entire change in the judiciary system if the workers were to get justice. (Applause). The industrial upheaval throughout the civilized world,con- tinned the speaker, was due to the tcanomic pressure brought about by the development of the capitalist system. The workers were beginning to ask themselves : Is my life to be one of drudgery and toil only? Only half the children of the workers reached the age of floe years and something like 63 per cent, of the children in the elementary schools were defective. In someof the large schools 80 per cent, of the children were under-fed and badly clad. There were no fewer than 1,000,000 people existing in one- room tenements. It wee because the workers were beginning to realize those things that they were show- ing discontent. They were asking whether it was right that palaces should be built on the one hand and miserable slum, remain. The same factors were at work amongst the railway servants. The response to the declaration of a national strike would not have been no

olisnic.iotio if it had only.bfss s qurtiortof ?ympat!ly.

rirdl

The railway worktra hid talit;aed under ti'arriutsin'g conditions for a considerable time, particularly since the institution of the Conciliation Boards. Train loads had increased to the extent of 25 to 30 per cent., and the amount of stuff bandied, as compared with 1907, showed 20 increase of 2,000,000 tone. At the same time there had been a redaction of hands dealing with that greater volume of traffic. Railway profits bad increased from £13,000,000 to .C 17,000,000 but wages had been gradually going down. Those were the causes of the unanimous response that was made in August and be maintained that until they had satisfactory machinery whereby they could remedy their grievances, the discontent and unrest would continue. (Applause.) lie was glad the railway workers bad realized the abtolute necessity of combining the whole of their uniora if they were to bring about the much-desired emancipa- tion. It was the only method by which the 7 could hold their own against the great combinations of employers. As a result of the upheaval, they had been able to gain certain concessions. The companies wanted to make out that those concessions were spontaneous, hut that contention would carry more weight If they bad not been such a long time in grant- ing them. (Laughter and 'Rielly.) Since the estab- lishment of the Conciliation Bonds, the men bad continually asked for increased pay but the companies had turned round and said "We will not give you one penny illetollle until the whole of the awards have 'spiral" Now they had been forced by the exposure

the wor'ters had br eight abcut and the strength of public opinion to grant a few concessions. lie raisin. Mined, however, that the concessions were quite infinitesimal compared a ith what the companies might Ito grant and with what they would have to grant before very long. (Applause.) When the new scheme was announced, railway men generally felt to a certain extent disappointed and he personally did At the some time when they probed deeply into the schema and compared it with the 1907 scheme, they must admit that there were great improvements. Under the old scheme, two month's notice had to be given before a question could he brought before the Conciliation Boards, and than there were great difficulties in getting the hoards to meet. Under the new scheme only 28 daya were to elapse before they got a reply to their petition. The scope of the Conciliation Boards was also extended. Under the 1907 scheme the boards were only entitled to de.l with creations of hours and wages, but under the new scheme they would be able to deal with all conditions of service. That was a very distiuct advance —(applanse)—for in the past the companies had used the limited scope of the boards to their own advantage The six years for which the awards of the board had formerly to hold good was too long when they con- sidered the changes in economic conditions. Under the new scheme an award or agreement arrived at by the boards would terminato in twelve mmths, for, if an independent chairman was called in, in two yea's. The right which the companies had hither assumed to interpret the awards in their own way was &belle' ely wrong, bat whim tha new scheme the interpretation would rent with the C moil stion Bolide. The fact that the secretary of a trade union would be able to act an the men's secretary on the Conciliation Boards ant negotiate with the representatives a the company in case of disputes arising on the boards was, he claimed, an establishment to some event of the principle at recognition. It did not, however, go far enough. (Hear, heir.) Dealing with what he called the bad points of the scheme, Mr. Williams said its scope was too narrow. The Conciliation Boards ought to deal with practically the whole of the grades in the railway service but, under the scherno as at present drafted, their work was confied to thoso engaged in the manipulation of trallin Another detect was th,t the scheme did not deal effectively with casual men, but only with perm afloat employees. F,tty per cent. of the goods warkers in Liverpool ant Birkenhead were casual men. While there was snob a great army willing to do the work at reduced wages, it constituted a great danger to the permsnent employees. (Near, beer.) The time had come when they should say that when a man had been working for a company - for three or six months ha should be classed as a permanent men. in Liverpool there were men who had been engaged as casual, for twelve or fourteen years, sad they °steer knew when they might be dis- missed. Under the new scheme 25 per cent, of the men affected had to petition before any q testion could be discassed by the Conciliation lhartn. Thot was impracticahle and a distinctly retrogressive step as compared with the old scheme, which only required 10 per cent. Again, if the railway c3mpanies wanted to increase the hours, decrease the pay or alter the c on- ditions Is any way detrimental to the men, 25 per cent. must petition against it. That was radically wrong. The responsibility of petitioning might not ti rant upon the rank ant file and the joint execativerwere demanding that when any proposal of that kind was made it should go to the men's side of th 3 Conciliation Boards for discussion. If they were not prepared to accept the conditions, then they must coma before th 'Conciliation Boards. (Applause.) The men ought also to be taken into consideration in the grouping of grades. The selection of the independent chairman of a Cm- ciliation Board should not be left to the Board of Trade. They had had experience of such chairmen in ths past —(mar, hear)—and the men should in future boa factor in the constitution of the panel from which chairmen would be selected. (Applause). Thu recent Commission laid too much emphasis on qmsti els of discipline and management. That was one of the great dangers of the scheme, for it was proposal to allow the companies to decide what came within the definition of discipline and management. They knew what their interpretation Iced been in the post, and they intended to have no more of it. (Applause). It was the intention of the joint executives to have that swept away entirely. They said all grievances should be dealt with by the Conoiliation Boards. (Applause). The railway companies contended that the safety of the public would be enclangerad f questions of discipline and management were taken out of their hands. He maintained that from its very inception of the aim of ' the A.S.R.S. had been to make railway work as safe as possible. (Applause). They had always advocated the installa.ion of safety appliances. The primary consideration of the railway companies was not the protection of human life, but the protec- tion of dividend. A large number of the accidents which happened to-day were din ta the long hours which railway men had to work. The public had every- thing to gain by giving the unions greater power on questions of management and discipline. (Applause.) If at the present juncture the men showed a strong vote in favour of the withdrawal of labour, that withdrawal would never come about. Such a vote would strengthen the hands of the joint executives in their negotiations. Mr. Williams concluded his speech by advocating an eight hours day and a minimum wage of 30e. per week. Mr. M136134;708, of Manchester, also addressed the meeting. Mr. Etti'"ON, of Preston, made a plea for Parliamen. tary action on the part of railway men. He did not mean the kind of Parliamentary action they took in Warrintiton—(laughter)--or action by either of the orthodox political p•rties. They must ad ,pt the methods of the party to which Mr. Seddon belonged. (Applause.) At the next General Election they in Warrington would probably have no interest at stake, because they had not sufficient common sense to bring out • Labour candidate, (Laugh. er.) It was therefore the bounden duty of individual workers to swarm into the Newton Division and sue that Lord Weimer did not secure the laurels again. It was impossible for anyone who was not of their owe clasa to represent the workers satisfactorily in the House of Commons. (Applettie). The resolution was put to the meeting end cart ied. Another resolutioe was adopted expressing indigna- tion at " the severe sentences passed upon Bro. !Jaime and other., arising out of the diaturbanees at E tales- town during the recent strike," and calling upon the Home Secretary to invoke the clemency of the Crows for the cancellation of the sentence..

The CH IRMAN said be hoped daring the week to base the honour, along with Mr. Williams (secretary) and Mr. Thorns', of mooting the Home Secretary to present a protest agsinst th 3 sentences. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19111202_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DUTY OF RAILWAY DIRECTORS.

Speech by London and North-Western Chairman.

Mr. O. 11. Claughto—n—,—QQ;ian of the London and North-Western Railway, speaking at Crewe on Tuesday night, referred to the railway crisis. 111 had, he said, been accuvei of living and moving in a feu 111 axe and knowing nothing of the modern democratic and labour !spirit. He emphatically denied it. He began Ms life as an ordinary workman with Ma weekly board to pay and bad inherited nothing. For the last quarter of ' century he had been intimately mired op with the working-classes in the black country, and they were the hJppieet thyit col his life, Although not living in

the feudal age lie took that opportunity of that k!ng the men of Crewe for the lead they had taken in trying to come to an understanding. In the great labour differ- ences that were in front of Humiliate unions, as unions, had a great province and be had the greatest resprct for their leaders, but if they had a province be and the directors of tie North-Western Railway had a great duty. They had also a duty to their shareholders, who wore not all wealthy men. The hulk of them only held a few shares, but it was their money which had created the milvrays. Having taken those risks they were certainly entitled to a share of the profits. They mast do nothing to shake the liaancial credit of the Eighth railways. The capitil of the English railways was equal to the National Debt, and if they stopped their expansion they would stop the stream of capital, which would be extremely dangerous and would end in nobody heing better off, they had got aduty to the line also. Hs had travelled all over Europe and there was with' ng equal to the English railways. On State systems purieng,rs were trotted more as trespassers with rules galore to follow, but in England, owing to competition passengers were tre kted more as guests. It they could only understand one are ther better he was convinced that, the dark clouds at present hovering arou id them would pass away.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

ELECTORAL REFORM BILL PASSED.

Lively Debate.

The debate on the Electoral Reform Bill, introduced by the Prime Minister (Mr. E. Wynne-Jones), was concluded at the meteiog of the Warrington Parlia- mentary Society on Tuesday evening, when on a vote being taken, the measure was declared carried by a majority of one. The outstanding provision of the Bill is the establishment of manhood suffrage, and there are also Manses dealing with the payment of returning officers' expenses by the State, the closing of public. houses on election day, and the transferable vote in Horse-cornered contests. Re-opening the debate Mr. J. A. Hee wow) (L , Limehouse) said it was acknowledge( in all quarters that a Reform Bill was urgently needed. While apperently he was willing to embrace many of the principles emb oliei in the Bill, the leader of the Opposition still maintained that property should have some voting value. Liberals repudiated that idea, believiag that an individual should count as one, whether he was a landlord or a humble worker. With radar I to the plea for the enfranchisement of women, he believed most Liberals would welc two it. and parse tally he ctull not see ashy it had been deferr so long. It might have been granted }oars ego, with beueflt to the country and more part ice larl y to the Liberal party. (Laughter and rappleuse). it women had the vote, the Conservatives would have to wait a long time before they returned to poorer. (Laughter.) Mr. HARTLEY (C. Skipton) said all were agreed on the necessity of remodelling the electoral system. Ile did not think anyone could quote a worse case under the prevent system than his own. Ile voted for the first time fifteen years ago and he had never vololsince. He had been in five or six elections but °ming to lack of residential qualification he had been disfranchised. With regard to manhood guff:age, he did not believe youths of tweri%y-orie had, on a rule, formed their opinions aufficieatly well to be ablate take ade Mite line in politics. No doubt exceptions could be made in the cane of members of the D Meting Sooiety —(hear, hear)—but seven out of eoery ten were not fit to have the responsibilities of the E npire committee to theas at the age of twenty-one. Members of the Territorial Force ought to receive their votes on at loin- ing their majority, as a reward for taking some interest in the defence of the country. Under the " free and happy " scheme brought in by the Prime Minister, the criminal, the idle, the vicious and the partially imbecile , would have votes of equal value with the cultured. The man of public worth who, by his brains, was able to find employment for thousands of people would not eount for anything more thin the street corner man who stool all day wiling for ssmeholy to ask him to have a drink. (Laughter and a voice : He d 'eau% to-day.') The Bill was simply a vote catching scheme. Ile would like to see a cleuee to the effect that the loafer, whether rich or p or, should be disfranchised. Men who were not of some use to the country should lose their votes. There were quite as many loafers among the rich as among the poor. (Ministerial applause). Under the Bill they might have a hooligan elected as hi P. in corns East End c enstituency. (Laughter). In advocating the abolitioi of the plural vote, the G evernneent seemed to think that all plural voters were Tone', He supposed if any Lib :rats happened to portras [several votes, they would be too honest to exercise more than one. (Laughte ). If a plural voter had to pay taxes in a d 'non cons.itueociei whv shoald he not hive a dozen voters? Ciptsin 11. G. RoBERTs : He does not necescavily pay in all of them. Mr. Hanetrey said there ought to be a redistribution of seats in Ireland but he did not think the 0 over°. ment had a right to carry it out without the per- mission of the whole of the Irish people. They would ' be tampring asitb the Constitution as drawn up in the Act of Union. There were, ha concluded, one or two good points in the Bill but the bad points greatly predominated. Mr. G. C. Tommie (L., Abingdon) welcomed the first clause of the Bill because it would do away with the I idger vote. Ile crave' sone amusement by recalling how he was originally placed on the list as , a lodger, at the instance of a Cory agent (not in Warrington). Tue latter asked him " Do you comply with the regulations "sod he replied' I d think so." (Laughter.) The agent than slid " Well, I will fill up the form and you can sign it." (Laughter.) Finally the agent said " I suppose you will vote for the best man" and he (the apeaker) assured him that he would—the best man being the Liberal c endid etc ( Laughter.) It had been argue( that if a man had property in several constituencies be ought to have a vote for each of them. But ifs man happened to own twenty houses in Warrington, he di I , not get twenty votes. The alternative system of voting which it w.B pr,p lead to adopt was recommended by the Royal Commissio which sat under the chairman- ship of Lord Cavendish. The dignity of the Tory party would be better served if ins three.cornered 14h1 it could really claim to represent the mejerity of the electors and not merely a minority. Toe closing of public-houses on election day was very neceseary, especially when they here in mind that the motto of the trade was" Our trade is our politics." Mr. 0. Roc Me (C., Bristol S) declared that Liberal legislation was generally brought forward with three aims—(l) to hit those people (the capitalist and property owning classes) who happened to possess that which the Government would very much like to have ; (2) to retain the support of so-galled total abstainers by condemnation of licensed premises; (3) to offer an attractive induce- ment to the democracy. This present Bill was nothing moo or less this as attempt to achieve a party advantage. Whilst having every sympathy with out-of. works and street corner men, he did not believe in making polities a profession by offering money prizes. Toe ideal of true, disinterested statemsnahip weal Ibe lost, and that would be a great mistake. Mr. M. HOWARTH (president of the Board of Trade), Said capitalists employed workingmen for the same reason that workingmen offered their labour--to earn a living, atid not from philanthropic motives. It was said that the Bill was only hr aught for card to gain perty oapit il, and the swam was said with reference to the Insurance Bill. While giving the allegation an emphatic denial, the Government were prepared to accept it as a I tacit admisaion that those Bills were viewed with favour by the majority of the vectors. The Electoral Reform Bill would grant to every citizen, rich or poor, the power of expressing his opinion equally on all measures of interest to him. Referring to the assump-1 ties of the Conservatives that if the Lebow vote at Oldhsm had been transferable it would probably have- gone to them, the speaker asked whether the worker who preferred a loshour member would in the event of a second choice, be prepared to vote for tariff reform, the privileges of the landlord class, and the literature of the Ant,-Socialist League ? Could the Opposition name any occasion when the Labour members in Parlia- ment had voted with the Conservatives against the, Government on any vital question? The Conservatives naturally looked upon three-cornerned contests with delight, as they afforded them about the only oppor- tunities they ever got of winning seats. It could not be arg led on logical or any other grounds that , property should have a vote. Why should the lan l- owner who was withhold:ni !ant from me be able to neutralize the I efforts of twenty or thirty voters who were striving to I,tio a proportion of the increased value for the community ? By supporting the reten- tion of the plural vote, the Conservatives were once more ranging thrroselves on the side of monopoly and , privilege. Ile welcomed the Bill because it at last gave them an equal franchise. He had hoped to have been able to say it would remove the reflection on women, I but that would follow very soon. It would also give them k sober vote ant, what was perhaps more import- ant than anything else, true representation of the pe aple. Mr. L. WARBURTON (C., W. Bristol) ironicelly offered a hearcy welcome to members of the Liberal party who bad just made their •ppeiarance to vote for a Bill of which they had not heard a syllable discussed. ' (Laughter). Were the wishes of the people bring. carried into effect in the present Parliament, when clause after c'auve of the Insurance Bill was being I rushed through without the slightest discussion. how ' could the views of the constituencies be represented ender the circumstances ? And yet the number of votes recorded for the Tory members was only 300,000 short of those cast for the coalition. Every sensible mut must wish for representation to be mtde more real no that the voice of the people could be beard. Captain 11. G. ROBRRTs (Secretary for War) referred to the pitiable position of the Conservative party. On platforms they professed to have the interest' of the democracy fully at heart, bat when they came to debate in Parliament a Bill which would give the democracy • voice in the affairs of the country they had nothing to any in favour of it. lie wanted to know from the other

tide where the consistency of the property qualification name in. What Wan property ? Was it bricks and mortar, or land ? Was it money, stocks and abate.? (A l'otaia: " All the lot.") Granted. Bit when a man died, his house and furniture and Ms stocks and shares were valued rind he had to pay estate duty on them. Ti he only lived in one house, and only owned stocks and shares and no land, he had only one vote, whereas the man who had land of the annual value of Ed. had a right to vote in a county division anal the tenant paid the rates for hire. Another inconsistency was that no limited company carried a vote for municipal or parliamentary elections The property qualification had to go, and it would go before the next election. (Applause). Mr. .1. F. (C, Camberwell) contended that the plural vote w4ll the nearest approach to the application In national affairs of the system of voting scour ding to the amount of 'the 'hate which obtained in [hated companies. If a man hod property In a county division he had a tight to yore there and be knew good Radicals who did not scruple to mete use at properly voter. If they aboliahed the plural vote, the Liberal patty would suffer as much as the Cons,vatives. As for manhood suffrage. he did not think it should be granted until the age of 28 or 30. (Laughter ) At the age of '2l he was a Radical—Ganghte (—and if he load had a vote he would have given it to the wrong party. Now he had more twine. (Laughter). To gi•e a vote to every men of 21 would be monstrous and ridiculous, and the country could not live tin 'er such a system. l'here vrould be no respect for property or anything of value. It would simply be one mad '• scrap" to get hold of a good thing. (Laughter). Mr. IL NRW (President of the Local Government Beard) maid the Tory battle cry was " Frost the people" but they were not going to trust them until they were twenty-bight years of age. Ile prerumed that qualifica- tion would apply to men,bers of Parliament, sod they would not have Tory I.ords returned at the age of twenty-two. (Laeghter and a Voice : " What about Gladstone ?" If Territorials were to have a vote at twenty-one, why not the police- men ? They were equally deserving acd s were the sailors. When he (the speaker) was twenty-one he was a Tory and he was serving his country in the navy. Now baked reached a mature age and had a little more commonsense he was a Liberal. (Laughter and naphanse.) He was glad to have the frank admission torn the Tory benches that there were two chimes of loafers—tick and poor. With regard to the abolition of plural voting, all people considered that they were Beretta of the Empire and gate as important as the Prime Minister. ti atighter.) They should all have en equal voice in national affairs. He regarded the organized systeniatio canvas from door to door as distasteful and abominable, in the eyes of reputable Liberals and Tories alike. He destested the practici and would like to see it abolished. (Hear, hear.) He appealed to the party opposite not to make the Bill a party question for vote catching purposes. If the Liberal party had wanted to catch vote., the Insurance Bill would not have been framed on exactly its present lines. They would have looked after the employing section who had tot many chances of intimidating their employees, to the detriment of the Government. (Opposition dissent.) Mr. J. McDisamin (C., Paisley), raid one of the principal reasons Mitch had influenced the Government in submitting the Bill was the desire to gain • party advantage. They were shouting their trust in the people by de:dining to trust them to know when they were hungry or thirsty. (Laughter.) They said the people were not capable of being entrusted with a vote when the public houses were op n. (Laughter.) He could quite understand that the Liberals wanted a sober vote—in fact his party had often wond.red how people whom they knew to be intelligent and reasonxt le in ordinary a ffoira, could be found to vote Radical. (Laughter.) The Conservatives had already gotta sober vote. (Laughter.) With regard to inc-ti tlitiei of representation, the Pr mm Minister for- got to point out that one of the most, glaring anomalies was the fact that the Conservative who sets defeated in the Romford division polled 18,850 votes whereas the Prime Minister, Mr. Lloyd George Sir Edward Grey and Mr. Baton could only obtain 113,810 amongst them. With regard to the plural vote, be heard a prominent Radical at a recent eleition may that he had four votes and he the:Awl God that he would be able to use all of them, lie tthe speaker) felt some satisfaction that under the Bill that individual would be brought to the same voting level as the nightsoil man. The first result of the passing of the Ballot Act sena that the Conservative Govern- ment wee returnui by the strongest majority recorded ' for fifty yeses. Mr. H. New : You don't mention 1906.

Mr. McDeem ID: That was a landslide. (Laughter.) The position of the Liberal party to-day, as compared with 1906, suffers Enoch by contrast. As a party, they are a minor quantity in the House of Commons. We would rather be in the wilderne‘s as long as the child's of Israel than hold 011130 on the same terms as the Radical party do to- lay. (Laughter) To; y are in oleo) but not in power. They have a head, but that head is not the Prime Minister. Captain H. O. Rot:gees: Who is your heal ? Mr. WE/Kamm : We will find a head when the occasion arises—(laughter)--but when we ask an iadividual to undertaas that positi sn, we shall see that he has a majority behind him. (Applause) In con- clusion he asked where was the mandate for manhood suffrage ? Six weeks ago not an individual is the pirty thought about it. It was another suiden convereien. (Laughter.) The PRIME MINISTER (sir. E. Wynne-Jones) said the Tory party were fond of alleging that John Redmond was the leader of the Liberal party to-day. " You know Bomething," he said to the Opposition, "about um Education question, and on those occasions you go asp in hand to seek the support of John Redmond. It you could secure &Rae at the preannt time yon would be glad to toe the line to John Redmond." (Opposition cries of " No.") Defending the abolition of plural voting, the Premier instanced the case of Newton Division where there were 1,00 plural votere, 800 Of whom were known Toriee. L ,rd Wohaer's majority at the last election was only about 701, no bow could he claim to represent the people of the division? The closing of public-houses on election day would raise the moral tone of public life and increase election purity. The payment of returning officers' expenses by the State would strike an effective blow at the power of the purse and see that the representatives of the people were drawn from ell classes. (Applause). Oa a vote being taken the Bill was declared passed by 21 votes to 23 kl-. Ns:w eared for a recount, but owing to the lateness of the h sur, withdrew the ref:pleat. An amendment in favour of Women's Suffrage was withdrawn on the understanding that a debate on that question, to which lady speskera will be invited, will take place next Tuesday evening.

• MR. H. NEW AND TFIE TRIP TO PRODSIIAM. Mr. CRAM (C., Blotie) asked the President of the Local Government Board (Mr. H. New) why he was tilt accepting the challenge of the Warrington Women's Tariff Reform League with regard to his statements ablat the children's trip to Frodsham. Mr. Nnn' replied that he had a vivid recollection of the actual statement he had made, which was that either the boxes sent out to collect funds for the outing were . . . . . . .

issued without labels or the labels were in such a position that the people who were asked for money could not see them. It hai not been his hibit in public or private life to indulge in lying. Seeing that the charge brought by the Women's Tariff Reform League was of such serious import he wished to say that his words were spoken in the hearing of just as responsible people on the platform and in the audience as were to be found on the Tory side of the Rouse. If he hod made a statement of such gravity and found it to be untrue ho would immediately have withdrawn it. Ile made it deliberately and withdrew nothing and he had nothing to regret in regard to whst he had raid. His Mfornation regarding the boxes was supplied by prominent people who held stalls in the market. He denied that he made the singleallegation that the boxes were issued without labels. 110 hod never publicly repudiated the Women's Tariff Reform League and intended to treat it with contempt, as the methods adopted by the League of sending anonymous letters to him and to the chtirmen at public roasting% were despicable. Mr. McDsitatiii (C, Paisley) asked if it WM to e understood that the hos. member held thst he was inoorrestly reported and he repudiated the statement made, Mr. Now: I say the nntrus portion is that I only said the boxes were sent out without labels. The sentence was not oimpleted.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMITH BROTHERS.

Liberal Candidate's Criticism of Their

Tactics. Mr. G. Caradoc Rees, Liverpool, prospective Liberal candidate for the-Denbigh Boroughs, addrestwd a well- attended gathering of his supporters at Rhos('du. Wrexham, on Tuesday night. Explaining the pro- salti of the Insurance BM, be said that its author, being a man of the people wan able to feel for those who stood tit,st in need of the benefits to be conferred, and let the hypocritical oppnnents of the Bill sly what they liked, the Bill bad to go through. (Cheers.) The men who were the most bitterly opposed to it in the country were never to be found speaking against it in the Ilcuse of Commons. For instance, Mr. F. E. Smith and his br,ther, Mr. Harold Smith, and Lord Willoughby de Broke, when th y spoke agairet it, addressed audfences !OO or :SOO miles sway, out of the reach of Mr. L'oyd George's guns.

XMAS, 1911.—Arneng the —many attractive novelli offered by the enterprising firm of Cooper, Dennison 5. Walkdeo, St. Bride ffft-, London, for the coming session may be mentioned the ' Georgina" Sealing Set in case 2a. and edition de lone, 56, a moat useful and inexpensive gift. Docorative addresi labels for attaching to Xmas rewrite are of s distiocti•e character, artistic and elegant, greatly enhancing the pleasure of the recipient. A pise.et costs bat 64. Gummed seeks in various patterns of gold sod colours cost 43. hot of 50. A beautifully illustrited list will be sent post paid.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
• •

E CANT SUIT in INEST:SEAL MUSQUAS H, 37 Guineas.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
P"-New\..-w-v\.,--r\•,--'N"-v-r\o-Nd' CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conductcd by UNCLE CALEB

A USEFUL TREE.

Probably the most useful tree in the world is the cocoanut palm, every portion of which is put to good use. The trunk is used for building houses, for making furniture and farm implements and countless other articles; hollowed out it makes a canoe. Its leaves are used for thatching, the leaf stalks for paddles and fishing lines. The blossom in bud makes preserves and pickles beside serving as a good vegetable. From the pith of the trunk is derived a kind of sago, and from the flowers sugar and vinegar. The ripe cocoanut is a valuable article of diet. The white kernel produces a delicious cream, a good substitute for milk, while the oil is used as lubricant for soap and candle making. It is also applied to counteract the stings of scorpions. The refuse of the oil, or oil cake, is valuable as food for animals and poultry, and as fertilizer for the soil. This is what is made at the Oil Cake Works where there was an explosion in Liverpool last week. From the shell drinking cups, spoons, lamps, bottles, firewood, and even tooth powder are obtained. The husk supplies fibre for mattresses and cushions, brushes and mats, ropes,cables, nets and even the harness for bullocks. The web sustaining the foot-stalk is made into strainers and torches. Surely the palm is the most useful of all the trees, except perhaps the modest olive tree of the East. The tree acts as a conductor in protecting houses from lightning.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AGE OF WISDOM.

When Reginaid—Ld—f;reni. otd—titis—triornin4 for a walk, We bad most confidentially an interesting talk. We talked of things we need t think, then most forg t again : For Reginald is over nine, and I, you know, am ten. Why, I remember how last year, when we were rather smut, We thought that wars were over with and couldn't c( me at all. We read of battles in the books and thought them very fine ; But Reginald was only eight, and I was only nine. Policemen really stand around to clear away the track, And help the ladies cross the street, and lning lost children back ; We thought they hunted Indians, and boys who stay

, _ . out late When Reginald was only seven, and I was only tight.

We thought that Santa Claus came down, right through the chimney flue, And that his reindeers pawed outside, as in the play they do; While, if a boy had been too had, to him no toys were given; But Reginald was ouly six, and I was only seven.

I'm really quite ashamed to tell how once we mid to

try To tee what very little things could make the baby cry, We thought it quite a lamous joke to play thqse silly tricks— When Reginald was wily five, and I was only six , And oh, tha silly, silly things we fancied before that ! We thought the hills could touch the sky, and that the earth was Ilot ; That fairy stories might cows true aril dragons be alive

When Reginald was only four, and I was oaly firm It's such a comfort now to think thom baby days are

===== 0002601_19111202_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
KING AND QUEEN BOWLING CLUB.

A most suocessful season wee wound op in cspital style on Saturday evening with the annuli dinner and prize distributioe at the King end Onion hotel. After dinner s smoking concert, was presided over by Councillor T 6 Steel (president of the duo.) Am me others present were Mr W Mason) vice-president), Mr. U II Warburton Seel, Mr J W Davies (honorary secretary), Mr George Bill, Jos. (al:Barman of the Warrington and District 11 'wile; Aerroiatioo) and hr T Bald min. During the evening several. toasts were h 'poured and high compliment. were paid to Mr. Starkey on the splendid condition of the green, and to Mr, Device, the tnergetic secretary, si bo stated that the Club hid nin nearly 101 memb,rs and was gradu illy gsiairag ground. Tie health of " Tn. President " was proposed in felicitous terms by Mr. Mason and accorded musical honoura—Mr. Harry Higham (captain of the tea n), on behalf of the mernhers, pre:ented the President with a hare:lsome set of flee pipes, one being a gold-minuted Calabash. Thee., he said, represented the pica won by the team in the Warrington and District Bowling Amociation, and the committee thought the money could not be better spent than in this way, 118 it wan a slight acknowledg- ment of the valuible work tho president bad done for the club. (Applause.)—Councillor Steel, who Wila quite taken by surprise, replied et length, and promised to do all he could as long as he held the honourable office of president, to make the club a success. (Applause.) Mr. Steel distributed the bowling prizes as follows : Closing main : I, A Jolley ; 2, 5 Riley, juo ; 3, II High= ; I, 81 Mistral! ; 5, W S Middleton ; 6, J Stein; 7, H Widdof, ; 8, J W Brovrn. President's main : 1, ' (Milan Vernon ; 2, J slonks ; 3, J Woods ; 4, S Riley, jun ; 5, S Green; 6, W Sate ; 7, T Quarrie ; 8, D Bromley; 9, H (hale, ; 10, J Leydeld ; 11, W Locker ; 12, J Smith. Other speeches were delivered arid musical programme was gone through, Ms. Harry Higham acting as accompanist.

OFF&RTORY-BOX ROBBERY.

At St. Helens on Weinesday a young rola named Charlie. iambus, engine cleaner, who had been brought from Lancaster prison in charge of two warders, suss charged with stealing res. from the offertory-box of St. Mary'. Roman Cstholio Church, Black brook, on September Stb last. It wee stated that Father Dowling met the Imo coming out of the church, sytme he said he had beets saying a few prayers, and immediately afterwards the rev, gentleman found that the offertory-boo had been broken open and the money taken. Father DAsllng got on his bicycle and followed prisoner, but failing to overtake him, gave information to the plice. Nothing was heard of prisoner until recently, wher he was found to have been arrested at ll,ltoo for f 413 offence, and by permission of the Home Seoretary be wads brought to St. Helene to be deslt with for the alleged 'heft. Father Dowling and the servant at the presbytery identified prisoner as the man who was seen in the church. Prisoner, who net op the defence raid that he wan at. I [arrogate working from July to September 11th, and wan not at Blackbrook at all, was remanded for a week.

thefC

===== 0002601_19111202_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
.. ; . ~.... t. 4 :e: .4,W ....••...4.*---. • -0,44.- •ereteee. .04§...e• .0•.. AIL .0. e. . .TACt .c. 4. -.e. .6•41.0L•er 1:4:Wo. 04,y.er. 'OjAce. .49.14.,:0 t Fe Ictsto .0.6.6 N. it) 046.0 0 'OO 0 die 040 01410 040 iftoko 69,6 Iti§ts 04. ft!.. • 'e. • 1.- 0 , .. e!ó Al • Ati 6 - 91°- 01:6 .1,9 - Atia 0 .Pe ys' • *, 0. . 0 , 4froe .5. a ' e . e 0 • 0 0' ee 17;;!.:ee 04'0 S„, YA 6e e• 0 .0 . . • 'lilt a„, • • -41:74r, 6-1•es•••-.1,4`.... '. e '. ? tis, 'r-S ''P'Q. ,'.% •li ••••• •

===== 0002601_19111202_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
YULETIDE GIFTS.

And ignorance so terrible is all outgrown at last ; And now, of c arse, sell never be such simpletons again. For Reginild is over nine and I am over too. —Emma Endicott Marean. THIS WEEK'S STORY. "TOO LATE."

This week's story is about the late King ' Edward and his grandchildren, the sons of our present King. 1 At luncheon at Buckingham Palace one of I the boys excitedly said to the king," Oh, l'grandpapa," when the king interposed with Isome severity, "Little boys should be seen and not heard. Goon with your luncheon and don't talk."

The small prince collapsed. Presently the king said to him, relenting: "Now, you can say what you were going to say." The little prince, with a world of meaning, said: "Too late, grandpapa ;it is too late." The king said: " Nonsense ! If it was worth saying five minutes ago it is worth saying now."

- " No, grandpapa," said the little prince. "There was a big green worm in your salad and you've eaten him."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
„. 001191 LL Essicett-la.l, ,t A ‘• ,

NOTES BY " OVALIST."

Warrington bad ODO of the biggest frights of th:. season on Saturday against Ebbw Vale, and for half the game they were outplayed and out-pointed in • fashion which caused a good deal of detisive cheering from the crowd. Luckily, a change came over the seem in the second half, but when Ebbw Vale got a lead of 10 points to 2. the prospect looked as black as it cou!d do for the Wirepullers.

The cause of all the trruble was the unaccountable change at half back, which the Committee ventured upon at the last minute in the hope of strengthening the three-quarter line. If Lloyd had been displaying 'awe than ordinary good form, I could understand the promotion, but after the display he gave against Wigan Bighfield, only the week before, it was a double surprise ti find him promoted to the first team, and Brooks moved to centre. The result was even more disastrous than I imagined. Lloyd was so slow in getting the ball away from the pack that Creevey and the centres were practically reduced to impotency and the Vale bad no concerted attack to cope with at all. Naturally they revelled in the situation and the homesters were lucky to have only ,ive points scored against them in a first half wherein the Welshmen were consistently a better team.

--- On changing ends Brooks and Lloyd changed aleces. If they had rot done so Warrington would have lost the match, in the opinion of most people. As it was the first attacking movement resulted in Lloyd being placed in possession with Waywell alongside. Instead of a score accruing to the hornet-re Lloyd bungled the transfer no badly that Llewellyn inter- cepted and raced round the posts from half-way, Dai Davies adding an ea,y goal, and bringing the score to 10-2 against Warrington. The position was desperate, but fortunately the team was able to rise to the occasion. Brooks and Creevey rejuvenated the rear division nith some brilliant half-back play, and Woodburn put on the first try with a gallant effort which testified to his pluck and resolution in going for the line when given a decent opening. Then Waywell followed suit on the other wing, and Thomas landed a difficult goal which made the scores " ten all."

The Manchester United have signed on A. C. Saville, a the Lymm Amateurs, an a 'goalkeeper. Saville is quite a figure on any football field, for although only 19 years of age he is flit. sin. in height, and weighs 1414. Be will make his first appearane) for the ticited tc-day at Old Trafford against the Burnley Reserves.

Hereabouts the Vale lost a forward injured, and afterwatcht it vas all plain sailing for the Wirepullera who showed pace and combination which would have troubled the defer ee of most teams. The halves made openings like clockwork, and 13radshaw obliged with a couple f dashing tries which brought the score to 13-10 in favcur cf the locals. The change in the game after the interval was remarkable, and I should imagine the committee will think twice before parting Brooks and Creevey again. They understand one another thoroughly, and without the doughty, robust "scram" half Creevey seems almost helpless. It his to be admitted that Creevey weds suneone to do the donkey work at the base of the pack, and Brooks is the only mm capable of performing the task properly.

With the exception of Lloyd most of the Warring- ton men did well on Saturday, though Tilley was not so safe as usual and compared unfavourably with the brilliance of Chick Jenkins on the other side. Johnston. t 0,,, was weak in midfield and will need to show a good do! more dash to gain the favour of the crowd. Among the Welshmen, Dai Davies was as tricky as ever (though careful of himself) and Llewellyn got his customary brilliant try at Warrington's expense. In the forwards, Foley, the Welsh International, was always conspicuous with good following up. Arnold and Thomas were the star front rank men for Warrington.

I should have thought it would have been wise to I have given Carter a place in the first teem last Saturday, seeing that the opposition was not formid- able on paper, and that the young threequarter was short of practice. As a result of Saturday's idleness he has to do another turn in the " " team to-day, with the veteran Dickenson in the senior ranks At present Carter is the only possibility for centre, and he will win his spurs if he pays strict attention to training. Another debutant against Salford to-day will be Fearnley, a young f ,rward who played so promisingly for the second team at the close of last season. He displaces J. Bradshaw, who has not shown form above the average.

The team selected to go to Salford to-day is: Tilley, full back ; Waywell, Dickenson, Bradshaw and Wood- burn, tbreequarters ; Brookes and Creevey, halves ; 'Thomas, Arnold, Shugars, Cheaters, Johnston and Fearnley, forwards.

This thirteen should have a good chance against the Reds, who have shown only moderate form so far. and were beaten at home by St.Helens just a fortnight ago. Warrington only need to play the game they did in the second half on Saturday, to finish up with a margin of points.

The " Reds' " officials have made thrre changes from last week, Lannce displacing J. Isherweod at full-back, and Evan Thomas and Charles Rees appear- ing in the forwards for J Bevan and Skeldon. Salford ; H Latince ; J H Cook, W Thomas, A T Lovelna, B Mesley ; W Brady, W D John ; Evan Thomas, J Pugsley, It Ritchie, D Rees, C Rees, and G Thom. Res.erve J Bevan.

Warrington have paid ten visits to Weaate in the Northern League, but have only twice been successful.

Salt ,rd "A" v. Warrington "A " J Isherwood; J E Boynton, J Hampton, W Barnes, W Hoddy ; E Staveley, J Downie ;U Carrie, E Merton, G Cleary, W Itatteraby, G Russell, and It Sheldon. Reserves : R Thomas and F Hughes.

Warringt_n A" will be: Jordan, full back ; Clare, Unsworth. Carter and PoveT, ihreeguarters ; Lloyd and Daintith, half backe ; Nayl ,r, Bradshaw, Gibbs, Tranter, P Boardman, and Critchley, forward.,

IThe Committee have this week signed on a promising junior from Weaste, who comes with Widdisin's best recommendations. He is James Brown, either centre or full back, (wed 21, sft. 10in. tall, and weighing 12 'tones.

Word has been received tram Brockleletret, the young Widnes forward, that he is now out of the hospital, and hopes noon to be fit.

The League table up to Saturday is as follows : For. Against. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c'nt'ge Wigan ll 10 1a0... 30 39 177... 7 11 47 90.90 Huddersfildl2 10 1 1... 46 80 332... 12 16 72 87.50 Halifax l2 9 1 2... 31 46 200... 10 9 47 838.3 Hull K. R 9 7 2 0... 26 20 112... 11 9 49 77.77 Hunslet 11 8 2 1... 24 43 171... 17 11 67 77 27 Wakefield TlO 7 2 1... 23 32 142... 14 14 70 75.00 Broughton lO 7 3 0... 19 18 92... 12 14 66 70.00 Widnes it 7 3 1... 18 15 81— 7 13 53 6818 Warrington 13 8 5 0... 15 27 111... 21 25 117 61 53 St. Helens 10 6 4 0... 18 33 135... 16 15 77 6000 Dewsbury I 1 6 4 1... 27 33 153... 19 26 116 59 EN Oldham 11 6 4 1... 25 37 163... 23 29 133 5909 Leigh 11 6 5 0... 28 30 158... 17 19 91 5454 Hull l4 6 7 1... 253!) 167... 20 27 121 4642 Salford 12 5 6 1... 16 28 116... 24 26 126 45.83 Rochdale 11 11 5 6 0... 22 25 119... 17 35 139 4545 Keighley IO 4 5 1... 24 24 120... 20 38 154 45.00 Batley l2 5 7 0... 23 17 97... 14 17 79 11.66 York ll 4 7 0... 17 19 91... 33 31 159 '3636 Barrow lO 3 6 1... 7 18 68... 24 26 126 3508 Leeds 12 4 8 0... 17 25 119... 21 33 158 3334 Runcorn l2 3 8 1... 12 20 84... 25 29 137 2916 Coventry l2 3 8 1... 15 16 78... 32 61 247 2916 Swinton 12 3 9 0... 13 17 77... 24 30 138 25 00 Ebbw Vale 12 I 9 2... 12 10 54... 31 44 194 1666 Brnmley 0 9 2... 910 48... 41 60 262 9.09 Bradford l3 112 0... 11 14 61... 42 fai 282 7'69

To-day's matches are as follow : Coventry v Runcorn. Batley v Leigh. Bradfoid v York. Bramley v Kingston Rovers. Ebbw Vale a Halifax. Hull v Keighley Hunslet v Dewsbury. Salford v Warrington. St. Helena v Broughton Rangers. Wigan v Wakefield Trinity. Widnes v Swinton. Lancashire Cup Final—Oldham v Rochdale Hornets at Broughton. Huddersfieli v Aostralasians.

(T\ „.. et 'fib . .. ,: . . "' -1 < ' , ~, • ,-...,. i ~::•';': -

Photr, Arb A GOALKEEPER STANDING 6er. 51N.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

YORKSHIRE SENIOR;;CUP.-FINAL.

G.. T. P. 0 T. P. Huddersfield

NORTHERN kUGBY LEAGUE.

Leeds , 4 5 23 Bradford N'rtli:n 2 2 10 Halifax 8 9 41 Bromley 0 0 0 St. Helens Batley Warrington 3 4 18 Ebbw Vale Wakefield Trinity 3 3 15 York ........ Wigan ' Salford... 3 2 12 Coventry Leigh 2 3 13 Broughton R ... 0 1 3 Hull ......... Widnes 2 1 7 Oldham

AUSTRALASIANS' TOUR.

Aostralaslans

YORKSHIRE COMBINATION. Halifax A 6 Normantou S J 0 1 3 Dewsbury A 2 1 7

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

Pemberton

Wigan A — 37 Runcorn A Oldham A — 21 Widnes A 0 1 3 Salford A 17 Leigh Shamrock. 0 0 0 Sr.. Helena ...... —— 21 Rochdale H A... 0 1 3 Leigh A -- 9 Broughton R A 8

CUMBERLAND CUP-SEMI-FINAL.

Seaton $ 3 15 Deerhan

ORDINARY MATCHES.

Runlet A Ebbw Yale Give Warrington a Fright.

The Welsh Northern Unionists were the visitors to Warrington on Saturday, and only a moderate crowd of , 3,500 assembled at Wilderspool. Ebbw Vale brought a j weakened side with them, the usual centres, Smith and Roterts, being unable to travel with the team. The visitors, however, included Chick Jenkins, the inter- national full back, and Doi Davies, the old Warrington ' half back. Warrtogton had a full side out, the only change being that Lloyd come in at ball and Brooks went to the centre position. Beautiful weather favoured the fixture aid the teams lined out as follows:— Warrington—Tilley, back ; Waywell, Brookes, Brad- shaw and Woodburn, threequarter backs; Creevey and , Lloyd, half-backs ; Johnston, Shugars, Thomas, Cheaters, Arnold and Bradshaw, forwards. Ebbw Vale—C Jenkins, back ; Llewellyn, S James, Duncanand Billingham, threequarter back ; D Davie. and Higgins, half-backs ; Foley, Jones, Hitchings, Stifle, Cox and Staite, forwards. Referee, Mr 0 F Dickinson, Halifax. Touch-judges, , Messrs. J Blackburn, Leh, and G Ball, Wigan. Ebbw Vale started against the breeze, Brooks and Woodburn at once racing .',ell down but Llewellyn returned finely, forcing Tilley over the line. Even play followed, the locals not making much headway against the Welshmen, who were very active. Brooks made a fine individual effort but was tackled a yard from the line. Then came a sudden reverse. Jenkins put in lofty punt, which was misfielded by Tilley. Foley and Higgins had followed spat a fast pace, and the former dribbled over for a try. Dui Davies easily improved. Warrington redoubled their exertions after this, but Lloyd was awfully slow at the base of the scrum, and the back play rarely troubled the visitors inconsequence. Waywell made a flue run down touch, but was tercel out of pley by Jenkins. Vale attacked again, and Davies missed a penalty shot. Warington immediately rushing to the game to the other end. Llewellyn came beck with a grand sprint which only ended at the corner flag. Warrington were hard pressed for a moment, Duncan snapping up a pass from Lloyd and only being stopped on the line by Tilley. Brooks and Woodburn led the way to the railway end twin, and just before the intervel Thomas dropped a penalty goal, making the scores : Ebbw Vale, 5 points Warrington, 2 points. Johnston restarted, and Brooks went loalf, but Lloyd at centre threw a pass wide, Llewellyn intercepting and racing round the posts from half-way. Davies kicked a goal. This was a great shock for the locals. Bradshaw mode a great run for Warrington, but failed to pass, and the chance was lost. A knock on by Jenkins gave Warrington the advantage, and after a brilliant run Woodburn snored in the corner, Thomas failing at goal. The score was now 10-5 for Ebbw Vale. Play became fast and furious, Arnold collaring Jenkins clog e in. Creevey , broke away, but again the pass went wrong, and Ebbw Vale eecsped. Then fine passing by Warrington assv Waywell score on the left, and Thomas equalised with a fine goal. Hereabouts one of the visiting forwards • retired hurt and Warrington had the better of the game. Then Thomas broke away, and Ebbw Vale were . herd pressed, Brooks making a fine run, but held the bull too long. There was a vast improvement in the home back piny with Brooks in his proper place. He and Creevey broke away beautifully ths latter serving Bradshaw for a grand try under the posts which Thomas easily goaled. Ebbw Vale were now well beaten, the homsters playing with great daub and skill. Another try should have followed for Waywell. but Lloyd held on to the ball too long, and the Welshman dribbled a vay to the Warrington half. _ . . _ .

There Bredsbaw fielded a punt, end dashing between the Vale centres he set off at top speed for the line. There was a great abase, but the Warrington man won and scored after a run three-parts the length of the field• Thomas failed at goal, and the final :came with the score :—Ntarringtoo, 3 coals, 4 tries (IS ; Ebbw Vale, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points).

===== 0002601_19111202_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RI:N&OiiN v.-WIGAN.

At Ruccom. to the first half Wigan were all over the "Lianets," who seemed tumble to do the right thing, and the visitors led with amargin or IS points at the interval. Both Price and Todd failed to add goals to tries scored order the poste, but Sharrock's two See dropped goals from nearly half-way made tip for these Mures. A different t.mr,..lexion came over the game In the second half, for Runcorn put some sting into their play- For some time Wigan were unable to cross the half-way line, and dm first success came to Runcorn as the result of a well-obtained try by Stevenson, follow-

LINSEY]) COMPOUND' (Aniseed, /knees, Squil, Tolu, &c.) For Coughs and Colds, Influenzs, &c.—Advt.

ing excellent work by Hcxworth. Richardson faillird to improve, but a moment later dropped a goal, whilst .Wigan's only score in this half was an unimproved try by Gleave. Undoubtedly, taking the game through, the visitors were superior to Runcorn in even department of the came, and this superiority eras z&cb more pro- nounced in the first half than in the second. Result : Wigan 3 goals 5 tries (21 points), Runcorn 1 goal 1 try (5 points). Teams and officials : Ituocorn—Shaw, back ; Deakin, Cawley, Stevenson, and J lv Hotworth, three-quarter banks ; Joseph Hosworth and Walton, half backs; Peacock,ltichardson. Williams, Donoghuv, Massey and Tickle, forwards. Wigan—Rhurcek, back ; Todd, Price, Miller and Lietiktos, tiree•quartsra ; Weave and Prescott, hall backs ; Reeling, itarnedele, Winatatiley, Will iam.7l%l7er• and (Peen, forqvde, Referee, Mr W niceutcheori, Didhstri. Tortub judges, Messrs A Cross, St Helens, and A Roscoe, Broughton.

WIDNES' OREAT WIN AT OLDHAId. Widnes accomplished a notable and quite unexpected pert trmance in winning at Waterebeddings, end they were heartily cheered by the spectato-s, who quite recognised their fine exhibition. Oldham were drat to score,Jardine placing a goal from a penalty for Swinton failing to play the ball after a tackle. Five minutes later S. Aspey scored at the head of a for ard rush, for which Redmond made the opening. Jones added the goal, and, though Oldham at ono stage had the visitors penned for sometime on the line, Widnes led at the interval by five point' to two. They kept up well to the finish, and Daioteth added a goal from a mark early in the second half. For the most part Oldham were kept on the defence,and were seldom dangerom. Their forwards were the only part of the team to give a good account of thernselves. Result :—Widnes 2 goals t try (7 points), Oldham 1 goal (2 points). 'rearoo and officials

Oldham—Wood, back; OW Smith, Deane, Llewellyn, and Oliver, three-quarter hacks ; Anlezark and Brice, half knobs; A Smith, Jardine, Biggs, Wright, Owens, and Groves, forwards. Widnea—Jones, back; Reid, Dainteth, Redmond and Swinton, three-quarter back,; Wood and O'Gara, half backs ; .1 Aspey, S Aspey, Higgins. Johnson, Lloyd, and Rigby, forwards. Referee, Mn A Smith, Halifax. Touch judges, Messrs J 11 Cooper, Sale, and C Gibson, Salford.

ST. HRLENS v. ROCHDALE HORNETS: A GRAND DISPLAY.

The first meeting of these teams this season attracted a good crowd to the Knowsley Road gronnd, where a great display was exhibited by both sides. Early on St. Helens opened their scoring account, Mavitty making a grand burst, for Waddell to force his way over, Turtill gosling. For obstruction against St. Helens Paddon placed a goal. Mavitty picking up, gave to Flanagan, aho cross?d with an unimproved try. H From a St. elens return Jones miEsid the ball and fell, and Trenwith seizing the opportunity, put one third try. Itlolyneux converting. On the interval Waddell raced over from Flanagan's pass, Belshaw fail- ing, and Paddon scored from a ruck of players, the same player adding the goal. Changing ends, St. Helens again made matters warm, Belshaw handing to Flanagan who Ecored an unimproved try. From loose play annum snapped tip and scored at the corner, Paddon failing. From a further round of passing by the home tacks Flanagan registered his third try of the day, Greenwood failing. In the closing stages Paddon placed s goal for Rochdale. arid .1 Greenwood scored under the posts for St. Helens, Main easily goaling. Result :—St Helens 3 goals 7 tries (27 points), Rochdale Hornets 2 goals 2 tries (12 points). Teams and officials;— St Helen—Turtill, back ; Flanagan, Belshaw, Green- wood and Wyatt, three-quarter junks; Trenwith and Molyneux, half hacks ; Pops, Lee, Briers, Mavitty, Waddell and Manchester, forwards. Rochdale Hornets—E W Junes, back ; C Taylor, Robinson, Paddon and Scott, three-quarter backs ; J Taylor and 0 Jones, half backs : Dearden, Romans, Jenkins, Bowers, Richardson and Fitzimmons,forwards, Referee, Mr E Tonga, Swinton. Touch judges. Magni F Turner, Warrington and J Jones, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRALIANS AT RUNCORN.

TOO GOOD FOR THE "LINNETS."

- Scorers i—Austmlasisns: Berecry (3) and Hallett (2), tries; Fraser 1 goals. Runcorn—Howarth, try ; Padbury bud Richordson, goals. Runcorn gave a much better display Viso w m astici- paced in their match at Runcorn on Wednesday against the Anstralaaian., who were only slightly superior in ' the first half. In the second portion, however, the visitors gave a much better exhibition, playing with rare dash and combination. Tae outstanding player on the side was Berecry, who showed a wonderful speed. For the first twenty minutes Runcorn held their own, radbury opening the score for them with a pmslty goal. Fraser and Berecry, however, soon gave the visitors the lead, after splendid combination by the Coloniol backs. The visitors crossed over lead:ag by lo points to 1. It ens in the second half that Runcorn were out classe.t kfcgivatt and Holloway making Some flee openings for the ball to pass through the hands of of seven or eight players. Fr inor, who played on the wings, had not as many chances as Barecry, but acquitted himself well, while Neill was safest full hack. The home forwards were beaten in the loose. Shaw, Padbuty, an i Donoghue were the pick of the Runcorn side, the home custodian making some fine returns when hard pressed in a game which wan full of interest from start to finish. Australasian% 4 goals 5 tries, 23 paints ; Runcorn 2 goals, 1 try, 7 (mints.

TO-DAY'S TEAMS. RYLANDS V. PEAMERTON.

Qualifying Round Northern CV: Fill back, A Bramhall ; threeqoartars, Pladaptln, W. Leah (captain), llennesey, Horroolca, P Morris; bait backs, G Floyd and J Gallop ; forwards, J S..retford, A Branwood, J Broadhurst, W Mason, II Mo rr irr A Booth.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ALTRINCHAM:DISTIIICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. RISSCLIS TO SATURDAY.

boats.

P. NV. L. D. F. A. PTS. Lostock Gralam 9 ... 6 . 2 ... 1 ... 42 ... 13 ...13 Lymm Hobbesley Latchford Broadbeath . Bowdon Vale OughtringtonAm't's 7 ... 2 4 ... 1 ... 12 ... 10 ... 5 Sale Albion St. Vincent's Altrincham Luis Penketh . . .. /0 ... 1 ... 8 ... 1 ... 7... 38 ... 1 Knutsford St Cross 5 ... 0 ... 5 ... 0 ... 14 ... 33 Oughtrimiton Park 4 ... 0 ... 4 ... 0 ... S ... 11 0

===== 0002601_19111202_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
[ADM V. ALTRISCRAII LADS.

This re-arranged fixture took place at Lymm and provided a very interezting game all through. The home team played their new COMM forward, Grainger. The final score was : Lymm, three goals; Altrincimm Lade, one.

PENRETH V. LATCHFORD.

Latchford kicked off uphill and within three minutes opened their account. Still keeping the upper head and playing altogether the bottler game. Latchford increased their lead to three goals to nil ',store the interval and scored another after. The referee stopped the game sin minutes off time, owing to darkness.

SECOND DIVISION. HOWLEY V. WELLFIELD UNITED.

The home team opened in promising fashion, but the WelMeld defence was sound. After 20 minutes' ploy Gilbert opened Howley's account. Even play followed each goalkeeper being found plenty to do. Howley again got throngh before the interval. Howley, two goals ; Wellfield United nil' SANKF.Y V. LYMM LADS. . .

At Sankey. The home team bad the best of a grand game, but poor shooting and some good goalkeeping by Ih'oodhead for the Lads robbed taem of victory, the game being drawn. In addition to Woodtead for the Lads, Worra (Sankey) did very well.

A real Derby Day match will be played at Gorey-lane enclosure to-day between Orford St. John's A F.C. and Orford White Star. Orford St. John's GI T Beddard ; backs, J Morton and T Soden ; half becks, T I,7thgoe, F Whittaker, and J Smith ; forwards, T Scariabrick, W Stretford, T Tickle, F Ashton, and W Smalley.

Presentetion at the Poll's Station. Go Friday afternoon of last week et-Police Constable Gilchrist, who recently retired from the Police Force on medical certificates,was presented with an oak chiming clock, suitably icscribed, and a gold brooch for Mrs. Gilchrist.—The Chief Constable, who made the prosentation on behalf of the members of the Force, said they all regretted that PC. Gilchrist should have been obliged to retire on account of his health after completing only 111 years service, a period which did not entitle him to any pension, so that all the Police Authority bad been able to do Was to grant him a gratuity. His c imrades had felt they could not let him go without asking him to accept something as a token of their good feeling towards him, and their good wishes for his future. Conse- quently they °sited bin to receive from them the clock, not 'for its intrinsic value, which was not great, but as a tangible expression of what they felt, and they also desired to induct.) Mrs. Gilchrist, and asked his acceptanca of the gold brooch for her.—ex-P.C. Gilchrist feelingly thanked the whole Force for their presents and their good wishes. The clock, which was suitably inscribed on a silver plate, and also the brooch, were supplied byMr. J. Finlayson, Jeweller, Horsemarket-street.

'LI \ SEED COMPOrND far Coughs end Colds. A proven efficacy; 91d. es 13.11 d. Of amulets only.-Advt

===== 0002601_19111202_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

P.drons of this popular house of amusement, who delight in the presentation of short sketches, which I have become quite a feature of the music bail stage, I are amply catered for this week. The programme includes three of these sketches, but the one in our opinion which secured the g.eatest success was a comedy entitled " Ferdie's Ma-in-Law," in which Mr. Arnold Richardson takes the leading part. The story is not based on the orthodox lines The austere lade who represents the part cf a ni titer-in-low, reminds one et D9oglas Jrrold's character 'Mm, Cant( at" CT: lis continuoasiy worrying her hualrano. She sh,wa th. ' same coldness and domineering spirit to her soo-in- law " Ferdie," who,in conjunction with tl e hrn le Iced husband, c tax:et a plot to jut her out f the way for a few hours whilst they have a glcrious time It is in that sholt nerird of suspended animation that the humour and mannerisms of Mr. iriohardaon sustain the high reputation of the mirth merchant. The Bouncing Dillons p,rfarm.d praiseworthy acrobatic feats on the bouncing spring the horizontal bare and the climbing rope. The local aspirants who are com- peting for a prize in connection with the turn cause considerable amusement in their attempts to emulate the " Dillons." An intense dramstic playlet entitled " A Society Sinner" by the Forestiers retains the interest of the audience and is well presented. A comely entitled a " Woman's Way " by George Doughty and Molly Loney was thoroughly eirjoved. °tiler suitable numbers by Neill Beanland, Walter Read, Mabel Osborne and Jackly and La Sine, balance a very good programme.

RELIGIOUS e-SOC/AL

===== 0002601_19111202_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.

St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street. Re-opening of the Organ.

_ St Maryle Roman Catholic Church, Buttersnarket- street, has long posse-sod sno of the finest organs is the district, but the resources of the instrumeut have recently been extended by its reconstruction on the most up-to-date lines. Tubular pneumatic action has been applied to all secti nee and the organ gains greatly in tone by the addition of an open diapson atop to the great orgen and an Sft. flute stop to the pedal. There are numerous mechanical accessories to facilitate the effective combination of stops and the instrument is blown by electric motor. The enlarged organ was used fir the first time on Sunday and the occasion was masked by the holding of special services. It was a source of disappoint- ment that the work of rebuilding had not been completed in time for the re-opening, but the instsu.. ment was quite playable for accompaniment purposes. A recital wkich was announced to take place after the evening service had, however, to be postponed. The Church itself has undergone redecoration, and the cleaning and painting have been carried out in the best of taste. There was a large congregation on Sunday morning when High Mass was celebrated. The Mayor and Mayoress (Councillor Dr. Joseph) attended. The celebrant was the Rev. B. klawson who was assisted by the Rev. N. Wilson and the Rev. B. Primavesi. The choir, which consists entirely of male voices, gave a very beautiful and reverent rendering of the music of the Mass by Bieck. Tone and balance were alike good and the precision of the attack and attention to details of expression were evidence of careful training on the part of Mr. J. Eckersley, the o ganist and and cbournaster. The Credo was an exceptionally moving and inspiring piece cf work in which the voices cf the boys were heard at their best. Mr. Walter Wallington pissed the organ with marked taste and skill and Mr. Eckers'ey was an able conductor. The preacher was the Rev. Father Be-le, O.F.M. of Liverpool, who gave an eloquent disceurse oa the subject of praise arid sacrifice, taking for his text the 150th Psalm. lie pointed out that it was an obligation and duty for man to turn to the Source of every blessing and bow down in profoundest adoration and offer praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God. Sentiments of gratitude and love were not to be proved by words alone but by deeds and gifts. The instinct to render sacrifice was divinely implanted in the heart ofman

===== 0002601_19111202_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
No Bazaars.

The Vicar of Leigh (Canon Irtan Smith) announces that nearly £B,OOO leas been raised since February, 1999, without any bazaars, towards repairing and altering the parish church to ver, new vestries, a new organ, and the church institute. £6,000 was received from frienda outside the parish. - -

_ _ Confirmation Services. The Lord Bishop of Liverpool administered the rite of confirmation to seventy-five candidates at Holy Trinity Church on Tuesdty evening. Before and after the ceremony of laving-on of hands his Lordship gave an impressive address. Later in the evening the Bishop conducted a confirmation service at St. Peter's Church,when about one hundred and fifty-five candid ites from the parishes of St. Peter's, St. Paul's, St. Aon's and St. Barnabas' were confirmed.

01. •INIMINIIINMO • OISMNIMIIND • WINIIMINNIO • MINIIIIIIMMID• MI l Builds up I Delicate Children

_ • I'Mere is nothing better for delicate children than a course of Angier's • Emulsion. Bland and pleasant, soothing alike to throat, lungs, stomach and intestine.s. an aid to appetite and digestion, and a splendid tonic and builder, it is the ideal remedy for children's ailments and no mother should be without a bottle in the house. The medical profession prescribe Angier's Emulsion not only for coughs. bronchitis, whooping cough and all lung affections, but also for ._ scrofula, rickets and all wasting diseases. Of Chemists, lili, 2/9 and 4/6. • • 1 ANiwil: ~, , " is 10 N 1 "It Is Invaluable for Delicate Children:. i O Z /,, (1,0 Street. Che,hatn. 9 I-Dear Sirs.--I am writing to say how pleased lam to have foiad such a splendid emulsion as Angiers." Having two rather delicate children I have used it frequently for lhe past four years and always with much benefit to my little One, I have given it to them after Mash' and for swollen glands. Just at present I am giving it to them for whomiing cough, which they are throwing off nicely. I think Angler's Einulsion invaluable for delicate children and strongly recommend it to icy friends.—(Signed! (Nks.) L. DELL. A FREE SAMPLE • Sent on receipt of 3d. po.tage. Mention this paper. LIM ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., BE GI eeeee wall Road, London, 1.43. SIMMOINIRIMMIMINMOOMMEMMEMeaII.I.IIII.O

die. Their own knowledge raw no relation between transgression of the law of God anl physical death. Cotnmoil Bence said that if Almighty God made in the first instance a &finite plan, was it thinkable or reason— able that Ile could or would allow a demon to come in and upset it, and compel Him to go upon lines not at first intended? Common sense said if physical immortality tad been allowed to obtain there would have come a time when the means of sustenance would have give. out, and when there would also have been no room, ono new life would have been impossible. That there wan no relationship tetween man's disobedisnce sou physical immortality was also borne out by the researches of scienee and the evidence of geology. Man was not intended to be physioilly immortal. The laws of death were seen to have their origin in the laws of life. What was death as thv understood it but the surrendering or the powera and properties and forces which existed in life in order that they might find other combinations end in order that life might not die but take up its abode °name other platform.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ Social Chasm. Bishop of Liverpool on England's Two Nations.

The Bishop of Liverpool, preaching at Christ Church, Southport, on Sunday, said there was growing up in England a reparation of clears. Some of them who were growing old remember the time when rich and poor lived together iu the mire quarter of the city. The lawyer lived close to his office, the merchant close to his business, the tradesman over bin shop. Rich and poor saw much of one another ; the rich helped and europathised with the poor, and the poor were often some of the very bent friends that the rich bad. Co-day our well-to-do people drifted in one direction, and the poor in another. There was riling op in England two nations—a nation of well-to-do people and a nation of poor people, and between them there was growing, alas ! a wider chasm every day. To-day the well-to do people scarcely knew how their poor neighbours lived. Out of sight, the poor were out of mind. Ile as Bishop appealed to them as English Churchmen and English crtizens to help the Natiorral Church to fulfil its function, and to feed its thousands and tens of thousands of souls. If they did not. God wsrned them last summer whet might happen to our country. There was rising up gradually in every large town a mass of people who feared neither God nor man, who were ready on the slightest provocation to break cut into riot and plunder. These were the people they had not ehepherded. they were practically psgens. If we allowed that state of irrelLlon to grow and spread nothing cou'd save this country from anarchy and rum The New Church.

As an outcome of the lectures on the future I:fe delivered in the Masonic Hall in October, weekly meetings for tbe further consideration of the doctrines of tbe New Church (frequently but erroneousl7 called " Swedenborgian") hays been held at Atkinson s Cafe, Bridge-street, on November Ist, 6th, 13th aad 20th, and have been conducted and addressed by the He‘s.W. H. Clanton, .1. Ash y (of Southport), J. Howarth (of Bolton), and W. T. Stoeestreet (of Manchester). The subject of consideration has been Swedenborg's work on "the New Jerusalem and its Heavenly Doctrine." Those attending these meetings baying expretioed a wish for their continuance, arrangements have been made by the West Lancashire Mission of the New Church, under whose auspices the lectures were given, for further meetings to be conducted by the Revs. Claxton and Howarth on November 27th, December 4th, 11th, and 18th. On Monday evening last the Rev. W. H. Claxton explained to a small but interested

and the sacs Wes under the old law bed their consumma- tion in the one great sacrifice of Him who came down from Heaven, br mama our elder Brother and offered Himself for us upon the Cross. Jesus Christ became Incarnate not merely to obtain mercy and forgivtness for us and to break the power of sin, but to offer to His Father a victim magnificent, glorious and Divine, to make atonement, to hive Him a glory equal to His own, a praise worthy of His divinity, an adoration profound and infinite in its depths, a praise, glory and thanks- gluing and honour that could only be given by Gad to God. Christ bad entered into the holy of holies by His own blood. But we were still Reath g end suffering here below. We were still in our sin, poverty, need and sorrow. We were still pegging along the dangerous way that, by Tic' ory after victory, we might at last win au everlasting crown. Did our Lord leave es alone and do nothing torus ? Did hertOrne and live in one obscurs part of the er nit and then depart from us? Had countless ages ironed without His being here? No. It was not for nothing that He said " Lo, I am with with you ninny." It was not in vain that lie was called Enamauuel—" Gart with es." In the glorious sacrifice of the Mass the sacrifice of Calvary was repeated over again—not in psin, suffering and blood, hut in power and might. The mystical death of the Son of God upon the altar, the mystical oblation of the Lamb showing His wounds to the Father, was accom- plished dry by dry. That was what made the lowliest chapel where an altar was erected more glorious than the Telnyle of Solomon, because He came to dwell there. The Catholic Church thought nothing she could do was too great, too rich or too magnificent to be worthy of that great service. For that glorious Cathedrals had risen in days gone by and were rising again in our own land. All that architecture and art could do had been haled in to embellish and make as lovely as possible tha place where the glory of the Lord dwelt. That was why the lights were multiplied upon the altar and everything that could give sweetness and beauty surrounded it. Thus they were testifying to Gad their faith and showing Him as well as they could, that they appreciated and antici- pated what they hoped to do one day in the everlasting home. They could never render to God sufficient for what lie hod done for them and it was a privilege to them to add to the splendour of divine warship. While the voices of the choir and the torsos of the organ helped to maka their hearts throb anti their inner beings vibrate, let them give to tiol their love and gratitude and ask for grace to be faithful until the end of their earthly pilgrimage.

lAL theeveniug service, FATTIER BEDE again preached. The music iecluded " Alma Dot Creatoris " (Mozart) and "0 Silunuiz " (Mgt r). Mr. Wallington again presided at the Guam The choir hopes to render Haydn's " Imperial Mass " at an early date.

audience the chaptar on" The Will and the Under- standing." These two faculties, he siid, though dis- tinct from each other were E 0 created as to form one, and when they are united constitute the mind of man in its true order. All things in man have relation to his will and understanding, the will being formed to he the receptacle of all things good and the understand- ing of all things true. It was important to know how those two were conjoined into one, for at prevent, since the fall of man, they were at variance, the will being the dweEing place of evil and the uneeistanding of error. This will was the real man, and was meant by "the heart "is the Word, where it was declared to be desperately wicked. By revelation through the Word of God man's nature, origin and destiny was made known to him, and also the divine laws by means of which be can alone return to the true order of life, Those who obeyed the divine truths revealed in the Word alone came into a true faith, and were horn again or regenerated, heing given a "new heart" ore new will of good by the Lord. An interesting discussion followed.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a good attendance on Suodsy, presided over by Mr. W. Seswick. Mr. Ilamblett gave the address upon " Nehemiah nod the building of the Tr mphs." He shorted bow Nehemiah war effected by the different disposition@ of the people around Sometimes he was helped and sometimes hindered with his work for God and the chosen people. To-day we needed more sympathetic and prayerful helpers in Christian work.—Mr. Nurre sang " The Watchmsu aol "Arm, arm, ye brave," which was gra ttly appre- ciated. A quartatte was renJered by the Misses Howell and Davies, and Messrs. Sores and Tomkinson, from Brick-street mission. Miss Howell sang " The Children's home" very sweetly. Mr. 11. Osborne rend the lesson. Mr. lieswick led the prayer. One new a ember we. welcomed.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
John's Presbyterlan Church.

Prench:ng at St. John's Church on Sunday evening on the subject of "Immortality," and taking for his teat Job xxxviii. 17: " Have the gates of death been opened unto thee, or host thou seen the doors of the shadow of death ? " Mr. Reid mid that, following upon the !luso( !set winter, his sermon would be the second of a series commenced a Jew weeks ago on the subject of " Immortality," which wee far too great • theme to deal with in one discourse, and indeed when ell the diaceursee would be delivered, only the fringe of no mighty a subject would be touched upon. Many had thought and argued that had it not been for his trans- gression Adam would have been roaming about among the fl 'errs of paradise until this day. In other words, but for sin there would have been phyeinel immortality. The Scriptures never by a single wocd sully rted such a theory as that physical death was the result of rnan's sin. 'flare was the 'range dealing with Adem's fall, "In tie day thou ento,t thereof thou shalt surely die." But Adam did not die, bat lived for DOM btlrldredi Of 30101. Corning from the old Testament t the new, cue of the ail-irides maid "As by one mau sin entered into the world, and by death, no also by one man everlasting life." The apostle's argumeot was undoubtedly that tbe original may lost something which the ...cud man secured the return of. That, however, could not be physicsl immortality, because if Adam forfeits 1 that Jesus Chriat did not secure s return of it, bemuse He died, Hls disciples died and Hie followers had oestisuei to

' COMPOCND • for Coughs, Colds. end Broach al troabltn. 111. 01 Chotaint&—Adrt.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. H. Ogden and the Tripe Man

Atrocities.

At tie Go!borne-street Baptist Church on Sunday evening the Pastor (Bev. 11. Ogden) preached on "The Tripolitan atrocities," taking for his text the words " They that take the sword shall perish by the sword" (Matthew cool., 52). He pointed out that history con- tinually repeated the unchangeable law which leen' Christ laid down in the above words. No one would have dreamed when Napoleon had his feet upon Europe, when be bad laid Prussia waste, that in a few years Prmsetia herself would be at tie gates of Paris. But " they that take the sword shall perish by the sword." In. connection with the Tripolitsa etrocitiee, one Wan Warbled that in face of the terrible cruelties perpetrated, so little had been said and so little had appeared in the Engliela papers on the question. Most of what one bed learned hid come through the channel of Francis Mactiliagh. an experienced aver correspondent. Probably for the first time in his life be handed hack to one of the fighting generals his passport and when a war correspondent did that, they might safely B.llllle that not only was there carnage and bloodshed but the most horrible crime. Macullagh instanced a fearful case in which about 400 , helpless men, women and children were led to a portion ' of the ramp and there indiscriminately slaughtered. To add to the horror of horrors, those 403 were taken to a place vrhere all the offal, refuse and rubbish of the camp was pitched and there, huddled in a heap, all unconscious of their doom, they were fired upon Chose who had the means of judging, told as that the troops and even the olli fere wane so drunk with blood that they reeled and staggered like rren under alcoholic influence. One was led to ask how that originated ? Those who knew the Latin , races best declared that they possessed neither the stability nor the gravity of the Anglo-Storin Colonies, I At the commencement of the war the Italians mingled freely with the Arabs of Tripoli, only to retaliate with the most Ravage butchery upon any evidence of treachery. Whatever might he the right or wrong of the order that every Arab subsequently found carrying arms should be executed, there was enrely on warrant for collecting hordes of women and children and as., found without acme, and then, without any trial, mercy or pity, slaughtering them in cold blood. Deeding with English public opinion, the pneachet said one remembered with gratitude the attitude of their leaders with reference to the booing contest which was to hese taken place in London. ren stand taken by the Iles. F. B. Meyer and the Free Church Council led to the rousing of the indignation not only of London but of these islands end whet would probably have disgraced the annals of London was prevented by the emphatic action of thy leaders of religious thought. One felt justified in declerirg that had the Tripolitan horrors gripped the mina and imagination of the English people es it had appealed ,to the war correspondents, the emphatic voice of 'England and her representations at Rome would harts put an end to those terrible crimes. One could only charitably suppose that Italy had been author of the atrocities because her leaders at the seat of war had lost their balance and their juigment, bug unhappily they had brought on their nation dishonour and disrepute. Such barbarity must bring its own punishment to Italy. Christ's words were still the law of the nations : The, that take the sword shall perish by the sword," and as surely as the mills of God ground slowly, just as surely in the cycle of history would those outrages in Tripoli recoil with fearftd results upon the Italian nation. Nevertheless one thing was clear—no European nation could pursue such practices nornolested end unchallenged. Colnes thee ceased the public mind of England must be aroused. Our leaders must take their place in the front. Oar Government and the Foreign Office must be warned that English opinion could not be thwarted, that the voice of England could not be dumb. and Italy most learn that unless she conducted her warfare with such methods as were acknowledged by civilized nation!, she must no longer count on the friendehip of England, but must be bald that this nation would have no deal- ings with those whose hands were red with murder.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

!Wanda' .larriera had a nice muster torn six miles race bat ween teams of married and single members. A keen struggle was carried on throughout the rim. The value of experience was very apparent, at. the close of the race which resuted in an easy win for the benedicts, 'oho placed the first four men home. In close order. The single members were close up liut went down before superior generalship. Result : MARRIED. *INGLE. Points. Points., C A Harding

.1 Riley a . 2 A Cotton ...... T Rowlands 3 F Brack. J Warburton 4 H Woods

Warrington AM. follo-Wed • five Mil.% trail We; varied country. J Parsonage, C Vose mid F Shadwell took about 23 novices at a strong pace, and the finish was in the following order :—I .1 Parsonage, 2 if Hough, 3 E Scott, I P Shadwell, 5 C Vale, 6 W Thorniley, 7 W Waßau., If A Cope, JIV Bradbtry, 10 J Livesey. Tim novices gave a very good account of themselves.

WE',V LANCASHIRE C, .A.

Hold their five miles Novice Teem Race this aftern-ton, at three o'clock, from the beedqoarters of Weet Lanca- shire Huriers, Stewart Hall, Stewart-road, Higher Tranmere, Birkenhead. After the I•CD • Hot Pot end Smoker will ho held at the •‘ Beehive." Locals intend- ing to make the j iuroey should leave Warrington Central not later than 1.00 p.m. train to Liverpool Ceotral ; frequent trains leave the low level (Mersey Railway) for Hamilton Sqvire, and a peony fare OD the Higher Tranmere cir completes the journey. Tesms have teen entered by Liverpool Herders. Liverpool Boundary, Liverpool Gymnasium, Ravenhead, Richmond, Rtmeoro Tally lio, Ryland. W.H.C.H., Sacred Heart, St. Helens Parish Church, St. Hopes Recreation, Sutton "A Sqtton " B," Warrington A.C., Wellasey, sod West Cheshire Ranier,, These IS teams hsve nominated the material for a ding dong race in which Sutton " A " (Alfred Welding) sod Ron3Jrn Tally Ho (W Gittenal are very confident of enacting both team and individual honours; another one of the runny strong Wets is E Pritchard, Raven- head, hut the very best will have to slip along taster than the usual novice race form to dispore of the locale who will he represented by : —Warrington A.C. : Livewy, E Scott, II 110.10, A C tee, W Walters and %V .1 Bradbury : reserves S Holbrook wed S Bidden. Ryland. W. ItCH.: C A Harriiag. A Whitmore, J , INartoptoo, II Woods, A Cotton, J Monday ; reserves, I F Brooks and W Skelland.

IN-DOOR RACt AT Ilillßt RINK.

This American type of athletic events will be bold on Monday, tbe 11th jeer., not tbe rtb Inst ni previonaly noi ifisd, Members of ‘Varrington AC. should note that entrits must be made to their hon. secretary, Mr C Sorry, 9, Itedford-strset, Stockton Heath, not later than `.Vedoesdav nsi,t, when the handicap is to be trained and the heals drawn.

Warrangton A.C. hold an ordinary run te-day at ft p.m., and an evdming MO at 7.t5 p.m. on Tuesday nest, from headquarters.

COMPOUND with Witral aateelela easeolleat gargle for or Throat, Colds, Coughs, ac.—Advt.

Cl) C 0

CANADA.—Wanted, immediately, Farmers, Farm hands, Domestics, &c.—Apply CANADIAN REPRE- SENTATIVE, Wright's Passenger, Emigration Offices Watergate at., Chester.

WANTED experienced GENERAL, 25 to 30; no washing ; plain cooking; Protestant.—Apply by letter only, stating wages required, WADI!, 40, Brook rd., Fallon field, Manchester.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, Ao.

To be Let.

WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged

===== 0002601_19111202_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
I w.RINGTOIN

SMITHS RSMITHS

ANTLEI3.—WANTED, for Bury, ALTERATION 151 HAND; good wages; regular work.—Apply scorrs, Horeecuarket St., Herrington.

WAN CEO at once, Smart YOUTH ; one used to bicycle preferred.—Apply Mrs. HARRIET PORTER, 41, Horsentarket st., Warrington.

Shares.

Horses. Carriages, Live Stook

Machinery

Shoes, Businesses, etc.

ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are ndvised to consult Mr. COWDELL. Leigh at., Warrington.

Sank

tA7 HIST Drives et Home ; email parties ; 22 bands. • V hist hod (simple) 3 stamps -Spades,l3r i detnwoSta ft

Jo you know your lucky stone and date? See Vib re Alreplies in ?omen's Life, weekly ; Id. all newsagents

aring

1\1"0 more koeeliog.—Seed for • Savtiroe,' 21. post 11 free; warthog, aerobe, or poliehes floor,, Boos, shops is bait time.—Eso Lieu & PORRION PROVISION BTORFR, 78 Church at,, Camberwell, B.E.

DELIGHTFCL sad UNIQUE PRESENT.—Genuine , North American Indian-made Birch Bark Canoe, MIXED BUSINESS : Glees, Chios, Hardware, with pincushion, post free, Is.; money returned it not Incandeacent Fittings, Mantles, Paints, Ac.-27 satisfied.—Henv EY, CS, Milton st., London. UprETt JACKSON ST., Ilutme, Menchezter.

Sfr-6et

Medical.

0 WW▪ 11 A (A n - ....... 0 P O ts) ?.. w

..,-4- 0 ("0 0 = F fmt, mow

ANTHRACITE STOVES.

GOLD SILVE' DIAMOND MERCHANTS

===== 0002601_19111202_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19111202_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN AND HIS UMBRELLA.—No. 2.

aviator, but his friends never could understand why he always took his favourite Umbrella with him. John, know- ing soul, kept his secret dark, till one day a terrific rending sound was heard, and John's machine fell like a stone to the earth. His friends rushed to the wreckage expecting to find John buried beneath it. But a few moments later, John alighted gracefully with his

Wilson's Umbrella.

We sell these Umbrellas with all the latest

1/3 UPWARDS.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR

GOOD TEA.

PRICES 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/6 per lb.

TIIE

NATIONAL TEA CO.,

16, lIORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS.

The Cheques given with the Tea may be erchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent.

HEAD ESTABLISHMENT:

50. end 151. Friltuate, Prostoo.

Warrington Photographic Society. Mr. Brown, the president, had the pleasure of welcoming a large audience of members on Tuesday to hear another lecture given under the auspices of the Lancashire and Cheshire Photographic Union. Mr. J. Pilkington, of Side Photographic Society gave his paper on "Toning of Lantern Slides." What Mr. Pilkington does not know about this breach of the photographer's art can hardly be worth calling know- ledge, for he has a record of ten thousand finished pictures, and has another couple of thousand slides now ready to bind and finish. Many of the pictures thrown on the screen were very fine both in subject and in tone, and as the formula employed for obtaining each result was tend out, (and was at the disposal of any member present after the lecture) it made a most instructive as well as enjoyable evening. Such method and precision in working are mt followed by the majority of amateurs, else their results would be more satisfactory to them- selves, and their devotion to the art would be more lasting.—Mr. K. F. Bishop moved and Mr. H. Smith seconded the vote of thanks. After this lecture many members' elides were shown on the screen, chiefly for the benefit of the Secretary, who is anxious to secure copies of all such pictures for the record and survey section. With so many and inch rapid changes occurring in Warrington's topography, this effort becomes increasingly necessary, and its results will be of lasting interest and wa-fulness to the town.

Fiddlers Ferry sailing mon. At the headquartt re, the Ferry Inn, Petiketb, this club held their annual smoking concert, which was well attended by membeis and friends. The Commodore, Mr T Bennett, opened the proceedings with a toast to "The King.' —Mr NV Sutton very humorously proposad the toast of "The Ferry Sailing Club.—Mr Smalley, in reply, said that he had heard that-their neighbours at Widnes were about to form a Yacht Club, and said he thought that by combining with the Ferry Club there might be a strong club formed.—Mr. Lewis, of Widnes, said there might be some arrangements made.—The Commodore proposed a toast to 'The Visitors and Artistes." Mr J\V Taylor responded. Songs were rendered by Meters W Sutton (humorist), A Pemberton, J Hogarth (Scotch comedian), H Bennett, H Num. lJestrs Disco and L:nacre rendered a selection on the piano anl violin. Mr W Pemberton wee accompanist.

The only answer that A STUDY IN could have been HOCUS-POCUS. expected was given to a question put to the Attorney-General in the House of Commons on Wednesday by Mr. KELLAWAY. The Member for Bedford wished to know whether theattention of Sir Rurus ISAACS had been called to the action of a London newspaper publishing a letter protesting against sickness insurance for domestic servants professing to be written on behalf of forty-seven servants I at Hamblin's Hotel, Old Brompton, whether he was aware that no such hotel existed, and that the forty-seven servants were purely imaginary, and whether he proposed to call the attention of the Public Prosecutor to the matter. The Attorney-General had, ox course, heard of this impudent imposture,but he did not propose to take any action in regard to it. The newspaper to which refer- ence was made was not named in the question, and need not be named here. As COLERIDGE said in a political poem which made a great commotion in its day, "Letters four do form its name." It was probably hoaxed in the matter of the non-existent New Brompton Hotel, but it has been positively asking for hoaxes. If common moral considerations are set aside in working up a case of one sort or another, hoaxes are likely to be welcomed if there is any chance that they may not be found out. The agitation against the Insurance Bill on the ground that it must be injurious to the domestic servant will continue to be historically interesting when in all other respects it is dead and done for. From one point of view it has been most ingeniously worked. Its exposure has now been so com- plete that it need not be argued against. But it has been la most astonishingly clever piece of advertising for the newspaper by which it was originated. "American smart- ness" becomes a poor phrase when we con- sider what English journalists have done in this instance. A fine broad basis for agitation was laid on quite different lines to begin with, but the CHANCELLCR OF THE EXCHEQUER demolished this in a single short speech. Then, without a moment's delay, the train, as one may say was switched off on to another line. At Bow-street, two days since, a Russian gentleman, charged with assisting the suffragettes in the commission of a breach of the peace, said that the women had simply used him as a torpedo to break through the lines of the police. This is just how the domestic servant has been used. It was determined, if that were possible, to break through the lines of the Insurance Bill, and the domestic servant was used as a torpedo. Nothing has come of it, just 89 nothing more than a charge of assault came out of the case of the unlucky Russian gentleman—nothing, we mean to say, injurious to Mr. LLOYD GEORGE'S measure. But a great deal of

light has been thrown on the eccentricities of the human conscience when it is under the influence of strong political prejudice when it is combined with what the Roman Church is accustomed to speak of as invulnerable ignorance. There was a great deal of surprise when Lady BRASSEY was found to be among those who were in front of the so-called "servants" agitation. But Lady BRAME and two other leading supporters of the movement retired at once when they discovered the

real intention of their coadjutors. A great deal, of money is being spent on opposition -t*.the Insurance Bill in the alleged interest of the domestic servants. It has ibeen Stated that only a thousand pounds had been raised for the purpose of financing the agitation. But this is clearly an untrue account of the facts. There has been extensive and costly. printing. Some thousands of pounds must have been expended in distributing copies of a petition through the post, many, if not all, of the petitions being accompanied by a stamped and addressed postcard. Offices have been opened in places where the population is dense and rents are high. A thousand pounds would have been exhausted in what is conversationally spoken of as "no time." What do all this expenditure and all this wild and excited campaigning mean? Actually nothing less than a campaign against the Bill, and not merely against any section of it. It has come to nothing, but it ; will leave a record and a singularly bad one. Its epitaph has been written by the CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER. It is the meanest agitation which has ever disgraced the annals of the Press, and, we may add the most shallow and easily exposed.

The letter in our cones - OUR EVENING pondence columns last Scnous. week criticising the administrative methods in vogue at our evening schools—and particularly the course system—seems to have struck a responsive chord in the breasts of numerous students and ex-students in the town. In another column they voice their grievances both categorically and forcibly and on the principle that where there is smoke there must also be fire, the Warrington Education authorities have a case to answer. We have no wish, at this juncture, to enter into the methods by which I the Department sees fit to run the evening schools, but on the face of things it seems conclusively proved that there is a want of elasticity which tends to drive students away from the institutions and makes difficult and to some extent unprofitable, the work of those who remain faithful to the course of study set out for them. We hope an early opportunity will be taken by someone in authority of presenting the other side of the , case to our readers.

Some sensible remarks COLONEL 1, AIR- on tbequestion of home CLOUGH AND THE defence fell from the TERRITORIALS. lips of Lieut-Colonel Fairclough, the com- mander of the local Territorial force, at the Scottish dinner on Thursday He bluntly stated that" The Territorials now stood between this country and conscription," and urged upon both employers and the Govern- ment, a more sympathetic and practical policy in regard to the re-employment of men who had finished their training. The matter should be beyond argument at this hour-o'-day. We have always contended that with adequate recognition of their needs and sacrifices by the State, the Territorials are capable of supplying all the material requisite for placing the home defenco of the country on the soundest possible footing.' If the volunteers and their present-day successors had not been departmentally starved for so long, there would be no one found to listen to-day to the strident cry for compulsory f3'.TVICe in England. Let the [ country make it "worth his while" for the Territorial to volunteer, and the problem is solved for all time!

The 7th annual reOrt CO-PARTNERSHIP Of the Co-partnership HOUSING Ten ants Housing

PROGRESS. Council which was issued a few days ago, shows how steadily the principles of Co-partnership in Housing have, under the presidency of Mrs. Victor Branford, received popular recognition. Figures are given of progress made in connection with 14 estates, which show that the area of the estates secured is 652 acres, while the estimated number of houses when completed is 6,595. Up to the present, £1,100,000 has been spent on property acquired and houses built at : Ealing, Hampstead (3 estates) Garden City (Letchworth) Harborne (Birmingham) Semi:mks Failings Park (Wolver- hampton) Stoke-on-Treat MancLeater Liverpool, and &eland.

Leicester

Dameotwater

Three new Societies have been registered during the year :—Byfleet Tenants, Bolton Tenants and Berkhamstead Tenants. "The notice," says the report, "that Co-partnership in Housing has received abroad is most encouiaging, and the paper that Mr. Henry Vivian prepared for the International Co-operative Congress at Ham- burg last autumn did much to familiarise our principles on the Continent. His visit to Canada, too, has given an impetus to better housing in the Dominion, and the influence of the campaign he conducted is likely to have results of the greatest value to the Canadian people."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FRAWLEY FOR WARRINGTON.

COLONIAL THREEQUARTER SIGNS ON.

Football enthusiasts will be gratified to learn that the long-standing difficulti,-s between Frawley, the Warrington Club, and the Colonial team managers were ended last night when the famous three-quarter signed an agreement to play for Warringmn at the ccnclusion of the (Monisl tour in the middle of January. In ieturn, the Warrington Club released Frawley to play for the Colonials daring the remainder of their engagements, and his name figures on the selected team to play Huddersfield to-day.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Furniture Dispute.

At a special sitting of the Warrington County Court yesterday, befo-e hls Honour Judge Stanger, K C., Mrs. Alice Parr, Knutsford-road, Warrington, brought a claim against Mr. and Mrs. Woodward, 37, St. Mary's-street for the recovery of bou,ehold furniture belonging to Mrs. Catherine Martha Bancroft, deceased, who died at the latter's residence and whose estate letters of administration were granted to the plaintiff as admini,tratrir. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. T. S. Steel tr the defendant. The contention of the plaintiff was that the whole of the furniture belcnged to the deceased and that she d:ed intestate. The defence was that the goods did not all belong to the deceased bat soma of them belonged to her deceased husband, whose daughter was the defendant. A counter- claim was put ia for money lent to the deceased, and for nursing and board and lodgings for the deceased. The hearing was adjourned until Thursday next.

TaN•SITINT: • ew Liquid Cement for Mondial; and Making. L tubes Id., 2.1, 3d., 6d.—Adst.

* * * Councillor Halliwell having set the minimum wage for Corporation employees rolling onward and upward, the senior member for the same ward, Councillor Wilkinson also proposes to join in the move- ment. He will move on Tuesday that the minimum wage of 245. for all able-bodied workmen over 21 years of age be concreted into a Standing Order of the Council on and after the Ist April next. Perhaps a greater number of Aldermen and Councillors will, this time, stay long enough to debate the question as it deserves? Mr. G Caradoc Rees, prospective Liberal candidate for Denbigh, says that the men whe are most bitterly opposed to the Irisurance Bill never oppose it in the House of Commons, and adds "For instance Mr. F.E. Smith and his brother Mr. Harold Smith and Lord Willoughby de Broke, when they spoke against it, addressed audiences 200 or 300 miles away: out of reach 0f M. Lloyd 1 George's gun% The Member for Warring ton seems to spend his time in the House putting " posers ' to the Prime Minister and Iffetting gently but firmly snubbed for his pains—or pleasures! Anyhow it keeps him in the limelight.

* The "Lancet " this week calls attention to he licking of stamps as a "retrograde pro- ceeding," and says that any suggestion calculated materially to encourage or increase the habit is opposed to a common sense of cleanliness, let alone what bateriological requirements may teach. . . The adhesive stamp is a sanitary blunder, but it is a busi- ness convenience for which it is hard to suggest an alternative. No persons need lick a stamp if they seriously make up their minds never to do so, but unfortunately the use of stamps has created a habit which, once contracted, is difficult to avoid." We wonder if this is a mild rebuke for Mr. F. E. Smith, and the new profession he has suggested ! *

The gathering of the clans at the Warring- ton Caledonian Association's celebration of St. Andrew's Day was, as usual, a most happy and successful affair. It showed that the Scot is not always that dour, stern indi- vidual, incapable of seeing the humorous side of things, which irreverent °southerners often make him out to be. A feature of the pro- ceedings was the flattering reeeption given to Mr. A. H. Crosfield who evidently occupies a warm place in the regard of local sons 0 Scotia. He has undoubtedly earned thei goodwill by his frequently declared admira tion of Scotland and particularly of its Mecca of the golfing world—St. Andrews. In a bright and very appropriate speech he dwelt, with many a touch of humour and several good stories, upon the associations of St. Andrew's Day and also awakened happy memories in the minds of his hearers by a choice reference to the exquisite beauty and romantic history of the Highlands.

The Rev. F. R. Bell, a Halifax Wesleyan minister, has written to the Prime Minister pointing out the electoral disabilities under which Wesleyan ministers (along with all ministers of religion whose churches adopt an itinerating 'pastorate) are suffering through the present electoral system. Mr. Bell cites his own case as that of a minister who has "travelled" 33 years, and yet during that period has only once had an opportunity of voting at a Parliamentary election. The Prime Minister, through his private secre- tary, has sent the following reply : 'The Prime Minister desires me to thank you for your letter of the 18th inst., and to say that the position of Wes'eyan ministers in the existing state of the elect .ral law, is an excellent example of the need of refGrm outlined by him, and the Government hope by diminishing the period of residential rynalificatku effectively to remedy the ' grievanae under which they at present are suffering.". .

Major-General Bethune, who has fre- quently visited Warrington in connection with the Territorial and Boy Scout move- ments, is one of the most unconventional soldiers in the British Army. He has dis- tinguished himself both in peace and in war, in India, in Africa, and at home.. In South . .

Africa he raised and commanded the irregular corps known officially as Bethune's Horse, but better known and respected by friend 1 and foe alike as " Bethune's Bla'guards." They were a happy-go-luckly lot, with never a care for the morrow, and it was their boast, which was no idle one, that they feared neither man nor deviL Despite the fact that

he has been so long without a right hand, has almost forgotten what it is like to be two-handed, General Bethune is an excep- tionally good horseman. By the irony fate he lost his hand, not in battle but while 'engaged in private theatricals. He was John Wellington Wells of "The Sorcerer," the dealer in magical spells, and by the amazing stupidity of a Simla chemist was supplied with a high explosive instead of the harmless "red fire" he needed for the part. • _ •

• - Many of our readers will doubtless have taken the opportunity this week of seeing that Master of the Cue, John Roberts," in play "at Warrington. The spectator does not need to be an expert billiardist to appreci- ate the remarkable genius of the G.O.M. of the green cloth. For all his 64 years John Roberts is still the most fascinating cuist living. Other men may, and do now, make bigger breaks, but there is a personality and magnetism about the old man which are especially his own. We saw him run up 269 unfirished with delightful ease on Tuesday. and those of the younger generation who have never seen John Roberts will be neglecting a duty if they do not visit the Conservative Assembly Room either this afternoon or evening.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
~.-. LNOTES AND NOI- 'llifiq

We wonder if our contemil6rary has made the amende honorable to the well known friendly society official whom it last week reported as saying: "He had always worked for pay and not for honour." •

The Street Tmprovement arnmittee have decided to apply for authority to prepare a Town Planning Scheme under the 1909 Act. Thip is a step in the proper direction of evolving order out of chaos. • • 14ft. Winston S. Churchill, "one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State" certifies that the borough police force has beelertnaintsined in a state of efficiency for the year ending September 29th. This is, surely, a more valuable testimonial than usual I_ _

* We are requested by the Chief Constable to warn the townspeople—and particularly the shopkeepers—that a number of base coins are being " uttered " in the town, principally florins and half-crowns. Three very presentable but false florins have already been captured, but the circulating medium remains for the nonce unknown.

• • In our correspondence column Mr. T. M. Broadbent draws attention to the humane method of killing animals for food by using the captive-bolt pistol supplied by the R.S.P.C.A. We hope local butchers will show a practical interest in the matter by abandoning the brutal pole-axe and other weapons of a barbarous antiquity, in favour of the painless pistol. • •

- • - "We Germans are conscious of our peaceful intentions, and we have a right to maintain the honesty of our assertions now that the German Empire has served European peace for forty years. We may claim to be so credited at this moment, now that we have made in the Morocco question a sacrifice for the maintenance of peace such as a strong nation of warlike capacities does not easily endure.—Professor Michael in the "Contem- porary Roview " for December. * * *

His Worship the Mayor is inaugurating his second year of office with the welcome proposition that the Council Chamber at the Totvn Hall be enlarged. No one who has experienced the torrid atmosphere engendered by heated debates in this narrow and uncom- fortable room will have a word of unfavourable criticism to utter. Constitu- tions and tempers alike suffer—to say nothing of the dignity of the corporate body of a County Borough.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS. ..--,'N,--'-‘,-k.iN,-,'-,,•-' \ ^',.r,•'"..,-•

"Catch-my-Pal." The local society held a meeting last evening and decided that each member should in fature bring another with him. The next meeting will be held at Penketh Wesleyan schoolroom on Friday at 8 p,rn.

Progressive Labour League. Mr. A. H. Crosfidd will addres4 a public meeting in cornection with this League at the Liberal Club on Monday evening when we understand he itttends to deal with the question of compulsory military training. Personal. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroneybas this week been incapacitated from carrying out hit proleisional duties in consequence of an injnty to the cartilage of bin left knee. He was out walking with A friend on Sunday, when quite suddenly and "dant waning, be fell to the ground.

Sankey Bridges Adult Scheel. The members of Sankey Bridges Adult School listened to an address last Sonday morning on Omar Khayyam, by Dr. Naden. The lecturer told the story of Omar's life and work, in a delightful manner, carrying his audience in imagination, to the land where the poet lived his quiet, almost uneventful life, and the readings from the "Rubaiyat" made a good i m press ion.

Phllomathic Society. A meeting of this Society w,is held in the Old Academy on Wedne,,day evening, the President (Mr. James Ball) was in the Chair. After the ordinary business had been disposed of the following short papers were read :—" Lord Cure" by Mr. S. E. Barlow," Cecil Rhodes" by Mr. James Walsh. Mr. F. Webster should also have contributed a paper on Earl Cromer " but was unavoidably absent. The papers were much appreciated, and alter some dis- cussion a hearty vole of thanks was pseud to the anthers.

The Late Ir. George Mountield. The funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Monday of Mr. George Monufield, Ingle Nook Latchford, whose death we reported last week. A quiet ceremony was pmformed by Mr. Robert Menshall and Mr. A. Mounfield, in the presence of Mr. William Mounfield (brother) and a number cf old friends. The deceased left three sons and one daughter. We omitted to mention last week that he had gained considerable repute kern as a nataralist and taxidermist, and that the Museum contains many examples of his work in this direction. - - . . •

• ANTHRACITE STOVES, ECOMORICAI, clean, elver fat Price from 37/6.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge at. Warrington.—Advt. Organ Recital Mr. Wilfrid Sanders a, FR C. 0., F.R.A.M., who will kr* an organ recital at Bold-street Wesleyan Church stranMet ner, ha been organist ou . • • a.— A.. and choirmaster of Doncas'er Parish Marc. past seven years. He is a son of the Rev. Thomas Sanderson, Wesleyan minister, a native of Warringtoo. At the age of sixteen be was articled to Sir Frederick Bridge, organist of Westminster Abbey, and remained wish him eight years, as pupil and assistant. He is conductor of the Doncaster amateur operatic Society and other mnSical a- citties. Mr. Sanderson is well knosn in the musical world as a oompotkr of songs which are sung by some of the leading vocalists of to-day. Two of these will be sung at the coming organ recital, and an attractive programme will be provided. - -

===== 0002601_19111202_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
• " °SRAM " AND 'TANTALUM " LAMM—Agent J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge et., 07arriegton.—Advt.

Buckley-street Band of Hope. The meeting of the above on Monday was favoured with& visit from the Band of Hope Union choir, who, under the direction of the conductor (Mr. A. Spruce) provided an excellent programme. There was a crowded attendance presided over by Mr. James I;rmstom With Miss Hilda Spruce as accompanist the following items were very capably rendered Two part songs by the choir ; two solos " I love the sunny meadows" and " Daddy " by Florrie Watson ; and Annie Laurie "by Dolly Cain. Master George Tanner created much merriment with his humorous song" The Circus." Molly Rogerson very creditably gave a pianoforte solo "Gems of Scotia" Recitations were given as follows : "The errand girl" by Horace Edwards; " Little Bessie," Violent Smith ; " Little Man," Amy Littlewood ; " Annie and Willie's prayer," Ethel Thomas. Each recited with ability and precision. Hearty votes of thanks to Mr. Spruce and his choir terminated a goo i entertainment.

Warrington Women's Circle. We are glad t see the growing int3rest manifested in the Warrington Women's Circle and the steady progress it continues to make. On Thursday night the zeal and enthusiasm of its members were displayed in the "Penny Party" wh'ch was given at the Club It om in Bridge-street. This somewhat original form of entertainment " caught on," and there was a crowded attendance. After an opening prayer from Miss Dutton, one of the leading features of the evening's amusements was a colt 2etition for which the majority of tho-e present entered. The interest was heightened by the presence of Mrs. and Miss Croefield who undert the task of adjudicating in the matter of the prizes, Miss Cro-field most kindly supplying the latter and Mrs. Crosfield presenting them. The programme for the evening included two p:ano- forte duets also by Mrs and Mime Crosfield, and later, there was a solo by Mrs Crosfield, and Miss Crosfield sang a charming comic song " Agatha Green" The audience were delighted with a charming little recitation from Mrs. Dodds entitled n The Collectors " given impromptu at the solicitation; of Mrs Crosfield and others. Miss Ball (leader), Mrs. Kenworthy, Mrs. Itathbone, Mrs. Clatworthy and others also assisted. Honouring a Teacher. 'Teachers' associations from every part of Lancashire were represented at the Midland H tel. Mat cheater, last evening week, on the occasion of the County Association's dinner to Mr A IL Pickles, to com- memorate his w.wk in connection with the National Union of Teachers. Mr Pickles was recently appointed Director of Education for Burnley and had relinquished his seat on the executive of the KC T. The President of the Lancashire County Association (Mr W Meredith, Ilverston), in proposing "Th. Guest of the Evening," made touching references to Mr. Pickles, in connection particularly with education in Lancashite„ and said Lis loss would be regretted by every membor of the Union.—Mr G S6rp'ea (Manchester) spoke in eulogistic terms of his ola friend and colleague. The toast of the ?LC/. was proposed by Mr W H Hughes (Eccles) and responded to by Mr T Allcott (Great Harwood). The other members of the Executive-11r If Pearson Liverpool). and the Misses Conway (Liverpool) sod Wood (Manchester)—also spoke, and the two ladies, along with Messrs Hughes and Ilepherd. contributed to the harmony. Miss Horrocks (Manchester) also pleased the company with her singing. In his reply, Mr. Pickles ecknowle.iged the kindly ft-clings and greet- ings. The Warrington branch of the NT LI was represented by Mr. John Cpsonand Mr.J W Parker.

Will of the late Sir W. J. Crossley. The will of the late Sir Wm. Crossley has lean proved at £602,030. The will coutaios no bequests to public or charitable institutions. Christ Church, Latchford. The annual sale of work will be held in the Parish Room, Grappenhall-road, this (Saturday) afternoon. The Hon. Mrs. J. E. Cress will perform the opening I ceremony. Palace sad Hippodrome. A unique attraction at this popular house next week will be ..the great Continental wonder, " Yuma, the myately." Ford and Bangs will present' From 4 to stage," in connection with which the mana are running a dateing competition. Women Suffrage Association. Air " At Home " in connection with the tove associatioa was held at Atkiuson's Cafe on Thu lay evening. Miss Wareing gave a very interesting ace- unt of her experiences organising in Wales. M !dewy took the chair and a very enjoyable evening I was spent. Primitive Methodist Bazaar. A bazaar in aid of the extinction of the debt on the 'Primitive Methodist Church, Knutsford-road, will be held on Thursday and Friday next. It will be opened on the first day by Captain G. R. Croefield, and on the second by Mrs. Ford. Excellent attest-dons are announced. Liberal Women's Ward Tea Meetings Another of the ward tea meetinas under the auspices of the Wallington Women's Liberal Associa- tion will be held in Bold-street school on M today evening next, for the members and friends of Town Hall and Orford Wards. Mrs. A. 11. Crosfield will preside, and Mr. A. H. Cressfield will deliver an addrrst.

International Bible Students' Association. I "nder the aumn ces of the International Bible Students A,sociatlon Bible lectures were given in the Watch Tower Rooms, Market Gate, on Saturday and Sunday evening+ by Mr. James Wilson, of London Tabernacle. 0a Saturday night he took for bin subject "Is the soul immortal" and on Sande, " The day of judgment: Its happy termination." Cumuli', Rodgers celebrated knives and forks, ko —Agent, J. S. GARLAND, lIOIIIIIOOIOT, Bridge Warrington.—Advt. Local Wedding. An interesting wedding qui tly took p'ace early last Saturday /owning at the Beweey-road Wesleyan Church between Mr. W. J. Dunn, late of Sankey - street, and Mts. Kneen (nee Kate Isaac), both well- known in Warrington. They immediately left for their future home, Glen Auldyn, Ramsey. lade of Men, were they hope t r benefit by the bracing heathy climate. The service was conducted by the Rev. W. A. Beckett. FIRE GRATES. If you want a new pet* 0112 and varied stook will interest you.—J. S. OARLASID Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Our Lady's, Latchford. The young men's s.ciety in connecion with the above held a most successful whist dime and dance in the school rows on Monday evening. After two home of enjoyable whist the successful players were declared, viz :—Ladies : 1, Miss E Mille ;2, Miss if Morris; consolation, Miss K Batterohy. Gentlemen : 1, Bro H Stirrup ; 2, BM Rigby ; consolation,llr J Price. Mrs. F. Spencer, of Mersey-street, was the donor of the gentlemen's first prize and other prizes were given by friends and members of the society. Dancing was also indulged in which was very much

enjoyed. Election Expenses. The following are the official returns of the expenses incurred by the candidates in the recent municipal elections : - Town Hall Ward, Councillor T Dirties £1 4s rod ' St. Austin's Ward, the Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph), £l Is ; St. John's Ward, Councillor 'Ashford, £l7 113 2d ; Mr J Hampeoo, £8 64 ; Bewsey Ward, Councillor Dickenson, 11, Fairfield Ward, Councillor Craik, Is ; Orford Ward, Councillor Hallieell, £l4 103; Mr G F Robson, £l4 13a 7,3 ; Latchford Ward, Councillor Pemberton, nil; Howley Ward, Councillor Chewier, £2 ; Whitecross Ward, Councillor Roberts, £23 17e 10d; Mr S Gough, £l4 12s 3d Another Burning Fatality. Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inqueet at the Police Station ymterday afternoon on the body of - Dorothy Vernon, four years of age, of 132, Ellesmere- street. It was weved by the mo-ber that she went out to make some puichases and left the deceased with another child at her grandmother's house in Greenall-street. On returning she found the chilel Dorctliy had been burned. Some cbarrei paper Was found Lear the firo pipe, but the guard was round 111!.fiC. TllB Chi11:41414 the street wA her " clothing in flames, * --1: -"aviishel.44, man named William Green. She was taken Infirmary, where she died the same day.—Verdiet " Accidental I " Cockhedge Weeinn Hang of Hope. A concert was held in c.ionection with the above, on Monday evening, before a large audience. The programme consisted of songs, recitations, and instrumental music, given by the following artistes:— Misses A Hamer, M Elliott, A Daintith, E Smith, Master J Dainteth, Mr J Mansell and Mr F Kershaw. Miss Fanny Senior accompanied on the pianoforte and Mr Phenix presided, supported hy Mr Joseph Garner. president of the Band of Hope. A temperance drama entitled " Saved' was given with great credit by members of the Band of Hope committee, Misses E Holbrook, A Ilankineon, 11 Ashbrooke. Ethel Wells, Mr J Kay, Mr H Clayton and Mr T G Rushton. Mr J Senior, Mr F Berry and Mies Ethel &Mat delighted the audience with an Irish comic sketch, entitled "Blundering Barm•y."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Helens Cable and Rubber Company Ltd., Warrington. . .

The annual dinner of the employe i 4 of the above company was held on Friday last at the Plus Bell Hotel, Warrington, when about one hundred men sat down to an excellent repast. In the unavoidable absence of the General Manager, Mr. J. H. C. Brooking, the chair was taken by Mr. G. W. Price, works' manager. After dinner a smoking concert was held, a notable feature being that all the items on the programme were rendered by members of the Staff, including Messrs. Ford, Seymour, Watson, Bradbury, &c., together with the Works Glee Party. After • most enj ,yable evening the proceedings were brought to a close with a vote of thanks to the Chairman to which Mr. Price suitably replied, and the singing of the National Anthem accompanied by Mr. Willies, pianist. VACCOM CLIANERS free the home from dust. Pete* 2to 7 guineas. Try one on hire. —J S. GARLAND, 51, tu 55, Bridge at, Warrington. —Ad vt. Warrington Assessment Committee. The monthly mee'ing f this committee was Laid at the Workhouse yesterday, Mr A Brooks presiding. There were also present —Messrs G Mather, A J Bey, J Billinge, J Evans, W Gill, W Furness, A Bottornley (clerk). E (Janson (valuer), and several assistant overseers. The committee heard six appeals in teepect of licensed hmses at Newton and granted reductions in three cases. - The Clerk read letters from Mr. Harold Smith, 11. P., avid Lord Wolmer, M.P., promising to give careful attention to a resolutioo of the committee asking the Government to make gamma's to local rates in rt spect of the Nation.,l Telephone Company's undertaking, as otherwise a serious loos to the rates mast result from the transference of the service to the Ststc.—Mr. Ccopsr, valuer, of Ilanchrester, on behalf of the I.:ceased Victuallers' Association, wrote with reference to certain appeals heard by the committee at a previous' meeting. He had objected to the decisions. hut now stated that he was prepared to accept the c mruittee's figures with regard to the assessment of the Orford acrid and the Causeway Hotel at 1.130 and L 7.5 yew pectivelT, pravidiog that the assessments of the Feather. Hotel and Bull's Head Hotel were reduced from £llO to £looand £l3O to £llO respectively. —The Committee confirmed their previous decisions, with the exception of the assessment of the Bull's Head Hotel, which they tiled at 3:12 i.—The Clerk watt instructed to convey to Mr. 3. W. Knowles, a , member of the committee, an expressica of deep sympathy is his bereavement.

• Littgego Cower:co • is • good Cough Iliztom Eatotl.• sod goomonioil. 01 Orribt• ogy.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO. LTD.,

Printers and Bookbinders,

Bum street, livriagtee.

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO 0,000.

A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare I Capital in prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Alinories Chambere,Minories,Birmingharo. N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

town." Such were the condemnatory remarks addressed by I the Chairman (Councillor Henry Roberts) at the War- rington Police Court on Tuesday to John Woosey, of White-street, who along with Eliza Emily Partridge, was charged with stealing furniture to the value of £BO the property of Thomas Partridge, C, White-street, the husband of the female defendant. Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted said Woosey, who was an ex-railway porter at bank Quay Station, who had secured such an influence over the woman that he , persuaded her to leave Warrington with him. Numerous , quarrels had taken place between the husband and wife in consequence of the attentions of Woosey. On Friday, November 17th, the wife threatened to leave her husband, who warned her that if she did go she must not take anything with her. To which she replied she would take "the lot." The husband thought it was an idle threat, but on his return home at night be found the house In darkness and some of the furniture had been taken away. From inquiries he found that two lorries hnd taken it way, the male defendant helping to load. The furniture had been despatched to Edge Hill Goods Station, at Liverpool. On the 23th of November, Sergeant Stuart arrested the male prisoner outside the goods station. li, his possession was an inventory of the furniture. Later, the arrest of Mrs. Partridge was effected. Since the case was adjourned last week, Mr. Partridge had been so upset at his little son crying out for his mother that he had had decided to take his wife back again to live with him. He proposed to offer no evidence against her, and thought that the prisoner Woosey won the sole cause of the trouble. The wife regretted what she had done, and was quite willing to go back borne. The furniture had been returned. The prisoner Woosey slid he admitted helping to take the furniture away. They made it up together to go away, and he went under the impression that the furni- nitnre belonged to her, and not to the husband. The Chairman (Mr. Henry Roberts) said the magis- trates were of the opinion that there was not sufficient evidence against the male prisoner to justify sending lairs for trial to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions. They agreed to the withdrsival of the charge against the wife. The Chairman then passed the strictures given above.

Alin the 0 ate 01110374

ELOPEMENT SEQUEL. A FORGIVING HUSBAND.

" Your conduct has been about as despicable se it could be. You have done the greelest possible wrong to the husband, and are desnving of the obloquy and contempt of every respectsble man ani woman in the

===== 0002601_19111202_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHOP RKSE 'WHICH FAILED.

At the Borough Police Court on Thursday, an elderly I stranger who gave the name of William Jones was charged under the Prevention of Crimes Act with loitering in Sankey-street with intent to commit a felony. The Chief Constable explained that on Wednesday week the prisoner wan acting in a suspicious manner in Sankey-street. He called at the shop of Messrs. Gilley, wine merchants and made a purchase of a bottle of port wine. After being served he enticed the young lady assistant outside the shop by asking her numerous ouestiema about some bottles of wine in the window. Whilst thus engaged a confederate of the prisoner went inside and took the cash box. The young lady becoming suspicious returned to the shop and was just in time to see the man about to leave the shop. He at once dropped the cash box end the two men ran away. A young man who had kept the pair under observation followed them for • time but eventually lost sight of them until later in the evening when he saw the prisoner near the Central Station. He informed a police officer of what had happened and the prisoner was taken Into custody. Prisoner put in a plea for leniency and called atten- tion to the fact that the Leavy sentences passed upon him were for crimes when no violence had been used. If he had been tried in the more enlightened days they would not have tees co harsh. He was MI old man and it was time he saw the error of his ways. The Chief Constable said the sentences passed in that Court were far from satisfactory. The Bench sentenced Jones to the full penalty- -12 months bard labour.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
UNFIF FOR FOOD.

At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday. Christopher Horning, 39, School.brow, WU summoned for having in his possession for the preparat ion of sale a sheep's carcass, unfit for human food. Mr. A. T. Hallawvy (deputy Town-clerk) slid that on November 9th Inspector Flood called at the defendant's shop. In one of the rooms used for the making of meat pies and black puddings he found the carcass in a basket covered over with a sack. The carcass was totally devoid of fat, and smelled quits sour.

Dr. Hibbert medical officer of health) said he examined the carcass, which was quite unfit for human food. It was difficult to tell what was the matter with the animal, because the organs were not there for inspection. It was in the early stage of decomposition. Defendant denied that it was for sale. He bought it because he thought they could manage to eat it at home. A fine of El and costs was impaired.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough. Police Court

TfICRSD tT.—Before Mr J Faircloogh (in the chair) Messrs W Roberts A J Jolley, E Woods, J Upson, W T Williams and dr Naden .

BEER WITH THE "HOT Par."—An application woe made by Mr Sangster, of the Royal Oak Hotel, for an • occasional licence at the Parr Hall on Saturday, on the occazion of the Conservative Hot Pot Supper between I 7 and 11 p.m.—Toe Chief Constable said he did not , think they required it so late if they required it at all. , I The time was quite unnecessary. He did not think anything was being sold at all; it was all to be given away with the " hot pot."—The magistrates granted the licence until 10 30 p.m. GRANDMOTHER AND CHILD.—Mary Foley was fined its. and costs or fourteen days for being drunk in charge of a child under the age of seven years.—P.C. filacdonald yaw Foiey in Winwick-road staggering about the footpath is a drunken condition and carrying the child in her arms ins careless manner. The chile was sot her own, but belonged to her daugliter.—Prisoner admitted having bad a " asp " of beer, but she took great care of the child. MOTOR OFFENCE% -Henry William Smetharit was summoned for driving a motor car in Orford-lane on November 11 and failing to produce his licence when requested by Detective Suminers.—The Chief Constable said defendant had been driving a car without a licence for some time. When he Clime to renew his licence he was asked by the officer if he were etill residing at the same address, and he replied in the affirmative. Later when the licence was to be delivered the police failed to hod any trace of him with the result the licence was left at the police station. The defendant oneht to have called at the office for it before he drove his car., A good many motorists had become negligent in ' • allowing their licence to lapse for about four or five months, and even when reminded : of the fact they treated the matter wPh ' impunity. A line of 103. including costs was imposed. • F/ed Lennon,chauffeur in the employ of Dr. Langdale was summoned for driving a motor car without his licence.-0a November 20th Detective Woollacott

_ stopped the defendant in Stanley-street and naked him to produce his licence. The defendant replied he hod left it in his motor coat in the garage. The licence had expired a few days previously and Lad not been renesed.—Mr. A. Browne eh, defended said it was an oversight on the part of Dr. Langdale in not renewing the licence. The offence would hiive been avoided if the police had informed Dr. Langdale that the licence bad espired.—The magistrates fined the defendant the costs of the case, 4s. 6d. TUESDAY.—Before Councillor Roberts (in the chair). Councillor Jackson yolmes,and Messrs W Richardson . .

J Rymer Young, T I,lrer 'and J Hepherd. HABITUAL DRUNKARD.—EMIL a Chamberlain, 47, islaratilsonse-lane, was summoned by her husband for, being an habitual drunkard.—Mr. Browne, who prose- cuted, said the huabaud was formerly a quartermaster- sergeant at Orford Barracks and was now in receipt of a pension. Complainant nay suffering from cancer, and his wife, who had hardly ever been sober for some months, had neglected him to such an extent that be would not see her again. Mr. Chamberlain bad been most seriously neglected, and the doctor bud told the defendant that if he was not looked after he would die. Defendant had been in the Workhouse Hospital for a fortnight and during that time her hush ind had improved considerably. It was • perfectly hopeless case.— Inspector Wainwright said the husband informed him his wife had been drinking since 1905. Defendant a short time ago jumped out of the bedroom window, and but for the prompt action of IMO railway men she would have been seriously injured.—A separation order was granted with alimony of Ss. a week.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
" BRITHER SCOTS."

CALEDONIAN ASSOCIATION'S

ANNUAL DINNER.

Speech by Mr. A. H. Crosfield.

Local Scots, in cc mmon with loyal kinsmen the world rover, gathered round the festive board on Thursday evening to celebrate the anniversary of their patron saint—St. Andrew. No day in the calendar has dearer associations for the sons of Caledonia, and it is always the occasion for renewing old friendships and conjuring up happy recollections of the Land of brown heath and shaggy wood; _ _ . .

„. . Land of the mountain and the-flood. The twenty-third annual dinner of the Warrington Caledonian Association, which took place at the Lion Hotel, was as successful as any of its predecessors, and was characterised by that rich vein of cheery good fellowship which manifests itself wherever Scot meets Scot. There was only one cause for regret and that was the absence,through illness, of the genial President (Mr. J.-Fultra Smith). His place was admirably taken by Mr. J. L. Davenport (vice-president), and amongst others present were : The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), the Deputy- Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), Mr. A. H. Crosfield, r. W. P. Rylands, Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Fairclough, Councillors W. 11. BeMan and T. S. Steel, Dra. Naden, Munson, Hutt, Jago, Binns and Burt, Messrs. W. Skinner, W. Silcock, W. 13. Forshaw, G. Bowman, W. Murray, J. Tennant (bon secretary), and B. Wiliamson (assistant secretaty). Evety effort was pot forth to impart the necessary Scottish flavour to the proceed- ings, the guests, each of whom was provided with a sprig of heather.assembling to the stirring skid of the bagpiper,p!ayed, as usual, by Sergeant Donald Murray, of the Liverpool City Police, who wore the traditional national costume. Behind the President's chair were displayed the Scottish national ensign and the blue and white banner a St. Andrew. The menu, of course, included that indispensable Scottish delioacy— haggis—which was brought into the room with the usual ceremonial, the piper beading a proces.ion of waiters and waitresses carrying dishes of the mysterious preparation and a supply of” drams a la Ecossaise." The catering of Mr. John Lee gave every satisfactien. After dinner an interesting toast list was gone through. The loyal toasts having been honoured, the President announced the creeipt of apologies for non-attendance from Sir Gilbert Greeuall, Bart., C.VO., and Mr. Harold Smith, M.P. THE TERRITORIALS AND CONSCRIPTION.

Mr. A. CAMPBELL ROBERTSON proposed "The navy, army and reserve forces," and recounted in glowing terms the vrlorous deeds of the various branches of the service. He said e owed our peace and security to an Invincible navy, and it was comforting to know that at the present time our navy was as near a perfect machine as it possibly could be and that that standard would be maintained. (Applause,) Lieutenant Colonel FATIRCLOI76II responded. He said that man for man, he was tare our army and Territorials would stand up against any foe in the world We must all realize now how very near to war we Were last August and how very little it would have taken to plunge the whole of Europe into a state of conflict. On that occasion there were two of us against one, but 'opposing it had been the other way and there had been two of them against one of us? We had only a small army but he again reprated that it was quite equal to any other army in the world. (Hear, hear.) Rightly or wrongly. we had gone in for recruiting on a voluntary basis and if we could only get the numbers he was sure that was the hest policy to act upon. But at the pres.nt time the Territorials bad not got the requisite numbera and if the full strength was tube ettained,they must have more support from the country. The Territorials gave up a great deal, both 'n time and money—(bear, bear)--and he did not think they Verticuhirly obj-cted to that. What they did want, and what they all looked forward to, was that their places of employment should be kept open for them when they came hack. (Hear, hear.) There were many men who would not join the Territorials because they did not know what would become of their wives and families. Their present employers might be willing to take them back again I but the men said "I don't know where I shall be anyloyed in two or three years and I am not going to I join." 'I he 'Territorials now stood between this country and conscription and unless the numbers could to kept 11. p, be for one failed to see how we were going to have anything else hut compulsion. It all rested with the employment question. If the men could be sure that after they had finished their four years training as Territorials they would get some preference under the Government or in some other way, there would be no few of the Territorial ranks not being Oiled up. !Applause).

===== 0002601_19111202_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
"SCOTLAND."

Mr. W. PETER RA LANDS, to whom W3B entrusted the toast of the evening, referred to the appellation 0 bonnie " which was exclusively applied to Scotland. He had spent many delightful holidays in that country and at a suitable time of the year and in a proper place. Scotland might perhaps be called " bonnie." But he was very doubtful whether the Highlands in winter or Glasgow at any time—(laughterl—merited that description. (Laughter.) He believed the word, as applied to Scotland, was invented by a Scotaman—(laughter)—and it was typical of the national character that whatever Scotsmen raid or whatever views they held, they imposed with irresist- ible force on the poor inhabitants of the less important country of England. (Laughter.) It was now taken for granted that because Scotsmen said their country was " bonnie" it must be. (Laughter.) Referring to the extraordinary SIMMS of Scotsmen in tbe world, Mr.Rylands said it was common knowledge that altoost ev ry post of importince in the Gwernment and elsewhere in this country was held by a Scotsman. (Applause.) With regard to the Premiership and other great offices, it had practically become a case of " None but Scotsmen need apply." Mr. Ryland:it humorously commented upon the situation which arose when the leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons—himself a Scotsman—resigned and the diffi- cult question of the appointment of a successor arose. " You have all read a great deal in the newspapers," he said, "onto how that was done. As a matter of fact, what really happened was this : There were two or three men who were obviously likely candidates and when it had to be decided who should have the job,thev all began to turn up their genealogies' trees to see if they were duly qualified. After careful investigation by competent officials, it was discovered that there was only one who was really qualified and he he was promptly appointed to the position. (Laughter.) I have no doubt be will make a most excellent leader 'of the Opposition and possihly afterwards an admirable assistant to his Majesty in carrying on the government of the State." (Laughter and applause). In oonclusi to, Mr. Rylancle said he had great admiration for Scotsmen. He admitted they seemed to get all the beat things in this world, bat he thought they deserved them. Although we poor Englishmen might groan under the domination of the Scotsmen, he felt eure that should the day of trouble ever come we might look with no small amount of confidence to the men from the north country, with their great capaoity both in counsel and in the field, to preserve our country and to maintain the glory of our Empire. (Appirmse).

"TOWN AND TRADE OF WARRINGTON." THE LATEST TRADE DEVELOPMENT.

Mr. W. B. FORSITAW 19 a particularly happy speech, proposed the toast of "Foe Town and Trade of War- rington." After referring to municipal enterprise as displayed in street widening and incidentally likening Market Gate to Piccadilly Circus, be said no manufac- turing town in Lancashire bad better low and order than Warrington. He did not think a higher compli- .. . .

meat could be prucl to the Chief Constable than waa offered, quite %incautiously, the other day by p man with whom he (the speaker) travelled from Chester. His fellow-passenger was very enthusiastic about Warrington. " It's a champion place "he said, bat be added the reservation "There's two things wrong with it—There's no spurt nod the police is too Strict." (laughter.) On the sports question, the critic admitted that Warrington had excellent football, cricket and bowling club., but said "We want a coursing ground or summat o' that sort." (Laughter) Mr. Forshaw next touched upon the efforts of the Beau! ful Warrington Society to show that ugliness was not a necessary feature of modern life and said the intellectual requirements of thietownwere well catered for by several excellent societies. He hoped In his heart—and he ROI sure the hops was shared by all the young men present—that some day they would see a magnificent bridge spanning the Mersey at the bottom of Bridge-street. Laughter and applause.) No town in England was no solicitous for the welfare of man as Warrington. We had huge works which were most anxious about his cleanliness, enormous undertakings which were most csrefiri for his refreshment, and large concerns which provided hint with iron,wire and leather All over the globe the manufactures of %Carrington were famous. (Applause.) If reports in the Press were true, our town was to be atlll more progressive and we were going to have something in the nature of a Port Sunlight in our midst. No doubt Mr.Crosffeld would be able to enlighten them on that point. (Applause.) 6 The MAYOR, in responding, claimed to have paid special attention to the health of the town during his connection with the Council. (Hear, hear.) Street widening was advancing as quickly as possible, hot it was a question of ways and means. No doubt sore of 6 the property owners would think the Corporation were I very hard bargainers but they had to look at the ' question from a patriotic arid economical point of view and do the beet they could for the people they repro- , seated. With regard to the beauty of Warrington, there were differences of opinion. Ilia friend Alderman Bennett at a recent conference on smoke abatement, said the Warrington authorities did not take adequate

means to prevent smoke. He (the Mayor) had nothing moth to say about that, except that there was a difference of opinion as to whether smoke really was so injurious as many people thought. At all events, the prosperity of Warrington Ives bound up with trades that produced smoke, and until they could have some effective, efficient and economical means of lessening smoke, they ought to be as lenient as possible upon the point. It had also to be horse in mind that two-thirds of the smoke of any town was produced from dwelling-bonne!. 'rhere was some analogy between Warrington and Scotland, inasmoch as Warrington was a 'cry old town and had for cesturies possessod a certain individuality and iudepeoleoce, having consequently taken the initiative in most things. There had been E 0 many inventive geniuses and pioneers ' in different directions, that Warrington possessed a unique variety of trades. He hoped the commercial amalgamation to which reference had been made would prove to the mutual benefit of the firms concerned. At any rate it showed that Warrington had something in the way of trade that was worthy of being sought after and taken as an ally by no great a concern as Brunner Mood and Co. (Applause.) His Worship humorously suggested that there ought to be a training college for Mayors, as their work undoubtedly demanded special knowledge. If one had not ths eyes of the Sphinx, one was sure to be treading to somebody's cores, :Laughter).

MR. A. H. CROSFIELD PROPOSES "THE CALEDONIAN AESOCIATION." THE SOAP TRADE AMALGAMATION. Mr. A. H. CMOS/IEI,D, who was greeted with great cordiality, then submitted the toast of "The Warran- tee Caledonian Association." He expressed his appre- ciation of the opportunity of speaking on sear a sub2ect because he had, from a very early period of his life, been a great admirer of Scotland and Scotsmen., He was, however, in some doubt as to what that toast , nctually embraced.He knew tbatthe Caledonian Associa- tion had serious objects, but that it was also organized for pleasant purposes, and not the least enjoyable o its commemorations was the St. Andrew's Day festival. (Applause.) Therefore, while he was not quite sure how far the toast of "The Caledonian Association" would fairly carry him, it must by its very connection with that national feast, include some reference to St. Andrew's Day. He always thought St.l Andrew's Day, like Christmas Day, was different ' from every other day in the calendar. It was an occasion for pleasant reminiscences, for old memories and associations. "I don't know" continued Mr. Crosfield " whether. as a Sassonach, I am peouliar in associating that kind of thing with St. Andrew's Day. It may he that my own recollections of it carry me beck hard upon thirty years, because my first experience of St. Andrew's Day celebrations, was in company with that famous epartette of golfers down ' at Hoylake many years ago, when we used to gather at the old Royal Hotel. I remember well how we used 1 to be led in to dinner by a gallant, brawny Saotsmen , labia tartan and his sporran, inspiring us with what he called the skirling of the pipes. These memories are very pleasant to me, especially when they are associated with soms of my best friends amongst old Warringtonians. who used to come &yen there with ma." Some of the party, continued Mr. Crosfild, hod now joined the great majority and touching 1 allusion was made to the late Alderman James Pei, dough, one of the best of sportsmen, and to the , speaker's cousin, the late Mr. Sydney M. Crosfield. 1 The days to which the speaker was referring were before Cheshire became famous in the world of golf. Johnny Ball hod not then won his first laurels, though golfers recognised his great ability. They also knew the marvellous skill of Harold Hilton—in whore honour he (Mr Crosfield) attended a banquet of English and American admirers the other day—the extraordinary genius in his day of Jack Graham and, to complete, the quartette, they appreciated the great ability of his old friend Charles Hutchings who broke the record for all golfers and was therefore one of the many Wartingtonians who had established records. (Applause.) Another Warring- tonian who played a prominent part in those bygone gatherings was the late Mr. John Dunn who was familiarly known at llovlske and St. Andrew's—the 1 Mecca of golfers—as " Warriogton "—in fact none called him anything else. " You will no doubt be inclined to wonder "continued Mr. Crosfield " why I should be talking about golf in connection with the Caledonian Associelion. I don't know that I have any encase sinless it be that all members of the Caledonian Association are Scotsmen and most Scotsmen are golfers. (Laughter.) Therefore a word or two about St. Andrew's may not be out of place.l have perhaps beeneven more addicted to golf of late than I used to be, because I have been acting on THIS ADVICE GIVEN TO ME BY MY FRIEND THE MEMBER the other day when he suggested that, occupying a position of greater freedom and less responsibility, (laughter.)— I might occupy one's lighter momenta with that very excellent game. I am much obliged to him for the tip." Laughter.) Althoug he bad played on many links, continued Mr. Crosfield, there was only one St. Andrew's on the earth. Amongst the eloquent speeches we had had the privilege of reading this year, he ventured to single out three—Lord Morley on " Literature," Mr. Birrell on " John Bright," and last but not least, the brilliant oretion of Lord Rosebery on "Old St. Andrews." (Applause.) The moment one got out of the train at Leudiar's junction there was something that fired the heart of every golfer, and although bit love for "bonnie Scotland " was not confined to golf, it was around St. Andrew's that some of the happiest memories centred. Mr. Crosfield than narrated several amusing stories, including one of Mr. Asquith and Mr. Balfour and their exploits on the links. Continuing, he touched upon the incomparable glories, the exquisite beauty and wonderful romance of the Western Highlands— famous in history for their connection with old Dr. Johnson and his biographer, with bonnie Primes Charlie and the delightful Flora Macdonald. That night they had evidence of one of the finest characteristics of the Scot—that splendid hospitality which was to be found is all Caledonian Associations at home and abroad. "Is it not pleasant" Mr. C o sfield wet on that I can sit at this table with some of my most FORMIDABLE POLITICAL OPPONENTS and crack a joke with them and enjoy myself not at all the worse because they happen to be opposed to me ? Personally I as. very sorry that a few more of them are not here. I wish particularly that use friend the Member had been with us. (Hear, hear.) While on political platforms and rostrums, when wears bedizened in our party insignia—l had almost said bedaubed with our war paint—(laughter)—we can launch out with astonishing fluency in the way of invective of the other side, but with lamentably little outcome in the way of breaking of bones or coming to positive results—how is it that on old St. Andrew's Day, as I have seen for so many years, all those things are forgotten ? I don't know whether it is the haggis— (laughter)—or the whisky—(laughter)—but I suppose It is just that fine Scottish hospitality which drowns all these differences—not in an impro per sense— ilaughter)—and enables us to meet as good friends. Applause). I must thank the Mayor and Mr. Forshase or their kindly and unexpected reference to resent commercial developments in Warrington. lam sure you all know that when I entered the service of King and country a few years ago, when I had the great honour to represent Warrington, my commercial activities became very light. It was not always no. Not even excepting those busy years in Parliament, some of the busiest years for a very long time in my life were awociated with TIIF, OLD CONCERN AT BANK GCAY. You will all readily understand that in spite of the Interesting absorption that bas been alluded to, one's affection for the old con- cern, to my latest breath, will certainly always remain. (Applause). In thanking the Mayor and Mr. Forsbaw for shat they have no kindly said, all I would remark is that, of course, the fortuaes of old Bank Quay are not likely to suffer from the close alliance that is now established with the great and powerful firm that we have the honour to be se intimately connected with." (Applauie). In conclusion Mr. Crosfield said that as an old admirer of Scotland, es one who, he was afraid, had wasted too much time on the links in Scotland and elsewhere—(laughter)—he had heartfelt pleasure in proposing the toast of" The Caledonian Association" and he trusted it might always prosper end flourish for the benefit of all Scottish. friends In Warrington. (Applause.) Tne CHAIRMAN, in acknowledging the toast, said Mr Crosfield had attended their gatherings for many years and no-one wns more welcome. (Applause ) Associa- tions like theirs were the natural sequence to the founding of little Scotch colonies in all parts of the globe. Their objects were benevolent and social, and he was glad that the Warrington association showed signs of increased vitality—in fact the outlook to-day was more encouregin than at any other previous stage in its history. (Applause.) They were pleased to dis- tribute some of their funds amoog local charities which they recognised had a claim upon them by reason of their excellent work, irrespective of nationality. (Applause.)

OTHER TOASTS. Mr. G. BOWMAN proposed the health of Our Patron" (Sir Peter Carlaw Walker, Bart.', shorn he described as an ideal employer and a rase of sterling character. (Applause.) Dr. MANSON proposed "The Visitors "and in a racy speech pointed out that Scotsmen had to act as missionaries in se-ny directions in England. There was, however, little need for their efforts in popularising golf no long as gentlemen like Mr. Crou- field did so much to help the spread of the game in England and on the Continent. (Applause) lie W MASON responded in a speech sparkling with wit and banter and including several capital anecdotes. Dr. Hcrr also responded and said the Scottish medical men in Werrington were an acquisition. "The I wales " use proposed by Mr. W. Murray and acknowledged by Councillor T. S. Steel. " The President "proposed by Mr. Bevil Shearer, and' Vice- president and officers " by Mr. W. Skipper. Doting the eveting a very choice musical pro- gramme was tastefully given by the Orpheus Qnsriett• (kissers R W Cook,, E Walker, J Critchley and L Maitland.) Mr T Taylor wee the accompanist.

.00A0CLISF: Tagasparent Ccmatt for GINS, China, 84. sod 11., post tree.—Advt.

FINTIARTIeITE STOVES.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" The Prince and the Beggar Maid."

Mr. Walter Howa d ranks high as a writer' f.t romantic plays, and "The Prince and the Beggar ' Maid" gives us some of his very best work. It has the combined advantages of a picturesque military and Court telling, a plot full of thrilling interest yet not imp,ssibly sensational, a pretty love story and a genuine humorous element. T i his s not the first visit of the play to Warrington, audit is welcomed with all that enthusiasm which habitues of the Rylands-strset house reserve for special fAvourites. Its popularity is thoroughly well-deserved, for the drama is not merely a clever conception, but its tone is healthy and the action brisk. As presented by Alfred Paumier and Walter Howard's No. 1 company, the interest if the drama never flags for a moment, mull part being well placed. A large share of the honours goes to Mr. Frederick D. Davies who invests the difficult role of Prince Michael, the hump- back, with an intensity of feeling that grips the audience. He is good in every scene but especially in the unexpected climax when he renounces his claim to Monica at the altar. Miss Gladys Lester is a winsome, sympathetic Princess Mon ca and, while fully realizing the emotional possibilities of the various trying situations in allich the finds herself,never shows a tendency to exaggerate. Mr. Henry Ballad is a dashing, impetuous Prit ce Olaf, the hero lover, and makes the most of an attractive Tart. Mr. Alfred Goddard has the somewhat thankless task of impersonating the hectoring, tyrannical P. ince Mildred but he does what is required of him in spirited, realistic style. He is a thorough-paced stage villiar but there is also a restraint, as well as confidence about his acting which makes it very effective. Mr. Royce Carleton makes a cheer y, warrn-hearted Captain Hector and Miss Florrie H. Davies finds much favour as the beggar-maid. Some capital comedy is pro- vided by Mr. Q. Lyon-Hastings as Lieutentant Karl Stromberg and Miss Violette May as Vi la. A striking little study is that of Nathan, the dumb servant, by Mr. Hugh Selwyn. The scenery and effects are most tasteful and elaborate and the trcbestra, under the baton of Mr. T. Boothroyd, plays some pleasing selections.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BREWSTER'S MILLIONS," NEXT WEEK.

--...,- • A good play with a London repatation is always sure of a warm, enthusiastic welcome in Warringion and in " Brewster's Millions," which will be pre- sented at the Ryal Court Theatre next week, we bare a play which cannot be beaten for pmularity in the English Provinces. Miss Emma Hutchison and Mr. Percy Hutchison have during the last 25 years pre- sented upwaids of fifty London successes to their provincial patrons, and " Brewster's Mull,ors " is their greatest success. The plot of the play is very ingenious, and tells how Monty Brewster, who has a fortune of A 250,090, has to spend this large sum of money in one ye a in order to inherit the sum of £2,000,000, but he must not tell any one about it, or get engaged to be married- nor must he waste his money recklessly. He opens an dab rate office, and engages all his friends as managers of the different departments, but instead of getting rid of his money, everything he deals in increases in value. Eventually, he invites them all for a trip round the woild in the steam yacht Flitter, which he has hired because it burns

[SS PHYLLIS STUCKEY as " Peggy.

HENRY HAMPSON as " Monty " Brewster.

more coal than a Dreadnought. This scene alone is worth a visit to the theatre. It cost £2,01-10, and weighs PS tons, and requires fifty stage hands and electricians to work it, and is one of tl.e florist effects of stage management ever achieved. We see the steamer languidly riding at anheor in the starlit dusk of a summer evening just off a Mediterranean poll. The twinkling of tie lights of the town and the phosphorescent glut of the sea are wonderfully real. Then white fleecy clouds befiin to roll across and a storm arises. The yacht is got under way to make a good °filing before it buret. With her engine clanging and a steadily increasing roll, she heads her way to sea. The town disappears and the fiery eye of the lighthouse glides away, the spray begins to fly. the thunder crashes. and the motion of the yacht becomes a staggering, lurching progress through the foam-created billows. It is all so natural that we can literally feel the keen edge of the gale. Mr. Percy Hutchison ~who rras for eihht years with Sir Charlet

Wyndham as stage manager and prodteerl has personally rehearsed this company, and every artiste has been specially chosen for their rtspective parts. Mr. Henry Hampscn, who has had a varied experience will play Monty Brewster. Commencing with musical comedy, he aeon gave it up for the mono rrtrue wrk of coroedy. He has tees With • " Brewster's lilhioss " fo, nearly three years, and is under contract with Mr celebrated Hutchtaon manage- mem for some time to come. Mr. Hampton will be supparted by Miss Phyllis Stuckey as Peggy and a full London cast including Miss Ormonde Wynne, Mica May Brooke, Miss Viols Besans, Mr. Frank H.ll, Mr. Bohm t Forsyth, Mr. Cyril Bandon, e.

- A\ *

===== 0002601_19111202_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR SKIN IN WINTER.

Zam-Buk for " Chaps ' and Cold-Sores.

The effect of cold weather is seen in role blotchy faces, cracked lip., chapped hands,sore wrists, pimple eruptions, and cold-sores. These outbreaks are both unpleasant and dangerous. It only needs tiny germs of disease to settle on the raw places, or a bit of dust or dirt to get into a "chap" or sore, for painful eczema, ulceration, or blood-poisoning to start. Immediate attention should, therefore, be paid to the first signs of roughness or pimples. The only safe policy is to depend upon Zam-Bok, the lich herbal balm which sinks through the pores, strengthens the skin tissues and enables it to rraist, without ill effect, the cold winds and frosts which mean positive tJrture to domestic workers and those ,ith tender skim.

The pure herbal, medicinal juices of which %am- I3uk is composed are combined together by a secret process which ensures soothicg, healing, and germ- killing powers absolutely unattainable by any other means. The result is that the housewife or outdoor worker need only gently rub over the hands. arms, and face with Zara-Fink, and the keenest frosty sir will not rcughen or chap" the skin. If the skin has got into a smarting, cracked, or sore condition. Zm link will a othe away the inflammation, keep off dismise germs, and make the akin healthy, velvet-like, and unaffected on the most wretched of dace. For curing a cme of long-standing akin trouble, %am-Buk can always be relied upon, while that obatioate form of eczema which Les dormant in the summer and breaks out with agonising intensity in cold weather, ran be permanently overc,sne by persevering with this novel Zan3-Buk treatms, t, .

Miss M. E. WeDings, 51, High Street, Tipton, Staffs, writes: —" Evely winter my hands used to crack into deeocuts, which smarted and itched almost unbearably. the sores discharged a quantity of matter. Often I w.is quite unable to work or use my hands in any way. I tried all kinds of things— ointments, lotions and home-made remedies—but all in vain. " Last winter, when my hands were in a really shocking state, I was advised to try Lam-Ilak, and was really surprised at the result. Zam Buk eased the smarting and itching, and to my great delight I saw that it was also rettling up the deep cracks and sores. I persevered with this rare brim, and as a result all the sores on my hands were healed with a splendid new skin, and lean now do my work in the worst weather without any pain or discomfort, thanks to 'Lam-fink."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mrs. J. W. Knowles.

Widespread regret has lymn occasioned by the death of Mrs. J. W. Knowles (wife of Mr. J. W. Knowles, solicitor), who passed away at her residence, The Towers, Middleton, on Tue6clay morning. The deceased lady, who had been in a delicate state of health for some weeks, underwent an operation on the 24th inst , and for a titoe progress& satisfactorily, after which she gradually sank and died as stated. Not only in the village with which she was so closely identified but throughout this district Mrs. Knowles was held in great respect and her death is deeply mourned. The funeral took place at Winwick yester- day afternoon.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DO ELEPHANTS LIE DOWN?

- A question often raised in regard to the African elephant is whether these animals ever rest or not. At li-st blush it would appear that there could only be one answer to the question. So huge an animal must expend a terrific amount of energy, and therefore, an one might reasonably infer, most need more time than smaller animals for rest and reinvigoration. Neverthe- less, many travellers and some naturalists have asserted that the African elephant in its netive state never sleeps, or, at least, never ie down. The correspoadent who has sent us photographs diotct frr m Malek on tbe White Nile stye, in the communication that accom- panies them, that the pictuies represent' A Iterd of female elephants photographed in the bush near Nlalek. in the Moselle Province of the Anglo Egyptian Sudan. It has been meintained that the African elephant never lies down to rest.Sevaral may be seen thus aleeping.'-- " Country Life,"

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

THE LATE SIR WILLIAM GRANTHAM. Sir William Grantham, better known as Mr. Justice Grantham, died on Thursday afternoon from pneumonia. Always one of the most active of men, it is hard to realize Sir William was in his 77th year and was called to the Bar no less than 48 years ago. He was Conservative Member for East Surrey from 1874 till 1885, sat for Croydon, after the redistribution of seats, until 1886,when he was appointed to the Judgeship of the High Court, which he has held for the long period of 25 years. Sir William was also an accomplished horseman and was often seen, in favourable weather, riding down to the Law Courts from his house in Eaton Square.

_ ' " • • ' H . ' , . ~.. , 4( J',• • 4 • ..,t 4 ; l'" ' ‘4l: :','• ' 4,, e* . . , .' ,:-.,,, .: 11 .1 .. .1 ~. . ..,. ' -•-:f. •01-,,,,....---,-,,.. ~.4 -..- 1 ~..,. ~ . , , • , . . ~..*, , ~.. , .31 ... . ,1• „, ' ~ \• 1 , , , t 5....,,• Ili. . , • , all ; i L_..•... , .. , . ... ....„..„,...,.. _.

-- ', , * , ' ^ ' • ~. .. , . . . ... . , ' ' • ' ' , ~ . . . , • '-'.,' , ,:,:, ' ' •, .. -' . • ;:' • *. ~ t a -.-- iO .-, .- • .t.,....... ' ' .i,.• , , , 10. aw ,I 1 sit, -..., - .- • ?? • 4?*..k.--.....-tit ' ...: ...„,.....:....,lit... $.,,-,.; 1 7.' '' : '''.., ''.A.,..:('`,..-','S: '...*.,<,,, ~..,''''' , -''''. \ • , .. '4O . .:‘ '. '' ' \ --.2.- \ . ... ••• , AS. ' ~ „..,....„..„, • ,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCHOOL ON A BAND-STAND.

People passing through Regent's Park during the recent cold weather, have been greatly surprised to see a number of delicate-looking children at school on one of the bandstands, where they are exposed to the wind front al quarters. This open-air class has been inaugurated by the Marylebene Dispensary for the prevention of consumption, as most of the children are born of comsuirip•ive parents. The averaga daily attendance is thirty, and the school hours are from 9--5 with a break at 11 o'clock, and another from 12 to 2 o'clock fcr dinner and games. The children are medically examined each week and their temperature is taken morning and event g.

A VIEW OF BOMBAY HARBOUR. Elabcrale preparations have been made at Bombay for the reception of the King and Queen, who are due to arrive thcr2 0:1 Saturday. On landing their Majesties will be received by the Governor and Members of the Council in a specially erected pavilion where addresses cf welceme will be pre‘cnted. Afterwards they will drive threugb part of the city. Our picture glees a v'ew of Bombay Harbour showine native craft.

• • „, , t , 0:441 ' - \ .1 0 1.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE TERRITORIALS Project for a Comity Range at

Helsby.

At • meeting of the Cheshire Territorial Association on Tuesday it was snnounced that the chief difficulty of the Territorial Force in the county, the lack of a rifle range, wee likely to be solved at last. Colonel Saner esid that after five months' correspondence with the War Office a Royal Engineer officer had been sent down to inspect mike at Ilelsby for a range. Colonel Bromley-Davenport, who wee re-elected chairman of the Association, said financially in Cheshire they were in a very sound position, and no far as their strength was concerned, they had no reason for immediate uneasiness. On November 1, 1010 their strength was 5,130. On November 1 last it was 5,215. The National Reserve movement was proceeding very satisfactorily in the conntry, and before the end of January they hoped the Duke of Westminster would distribute the badges. Discoesing inducements to extension of eervicehe said be was not very fond of the Ides of a bonus—(llear, hear.) It savoured too much of a bribe. But there was something to lie raid for a proposition that an increase of tar might be given, at any rate, to those men who went into camp for fifteen days. If the Government would only devise some- thing which would be a recognition and distinction for the patriotic employer, a great deal of the difficulty would be solved. Colonel Sir Welter Sbakersly vas reelected vice- president.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGHED NIGHT AND DAY. A Very Sad Case Cured by VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CUBE.

Mr. Tom Hall, Queenebury Hotel, Brighton, writes:— " lam 6.3 years of age' and suffered from asthma for about 3 year., and my breathing and chest was no bad that I coughed night and day. No treatment dI4 me any good until I tried Ven,i'a Lightning Cough Core but after four doses only, my chest was quite relieved, and now my cough is gone, and I feel a new man." Veno's Lightning Cough Cure was awarded the Orand Prix and Gold Medal for purity and efficacy at the recent Paris Health Exhibition, and is a certain cure for all diseases of Cheat, throat ard lungs. Price old., 1,11 and 29 of all chemists.

MR. 11l RRELL AT SKIPTON. IRELAND'S KICKS AND KISSES. Mr. Augustine Birrell, speaking on Tuesday night at Skipton to the Nstional League of Young Liberals, wsrned them egainst becoming' ferocious political , partisans, such so were now endeavouring to wreck the I Imuranes Bill, although they had approved Its prin. ciplee and welcomed its advent in a heavenly spirit. He declared that Home Rule split the Liberal party in 1886, but shattered the Tories to pieces. Ireland bad been tried with kicks and kissers, but persisted in demaedlsg a just measure of Home Rule, which, on llosocial and political grounds, would make the country stronger, more contented, and more prosperous. Real religious difficulties did not exist. The" Christian Commonwealth," in an account of • lecture by Mr. Gilbert Chesterton at Cambridge, says it is well known that Mr. Chesterton is shortly to be admitted into the Roman Catholic Church.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAPTERS.

HOW THE TIDE WAS TURNED AT OLD ROAD CHAPEL

Not many of our readers are familiar with the Old Road Chapel. but after reading a chapter in its history there may be a few curious ones, who will turn aside to identify it. The Primitiv9 Methodists had their first meeting place here, and the building was in every way worthy of the cause. The secession referred to in the story resulted from the action of one of its ministers, Rev.' George Herod, who removed the backs from the free seats as a means of compelling those who used them to take comfortable seats and pay pew rents. Those who left the Church met in Dallam-lane, afterwards migrating to Buckley-street. Mr. Herod left Warrington during the crisis, and it is his successor, sent by Con- ference to take oversight, who told the

story : I had been stationed three years among a very agreeable, kindly people in a pleasant Yorkshire town, when I was removed to Warrington where I arrived with my wife and family on a lovely morning in August. With some trouble we found the house my predecessor had occupied, and where we were expected to take up our abode. But what a house I What a street! The house we had left had a garden and we could see fields, trees, and hills. Here was a gloomy house which had not been painted for years. Noisy, unwashed children rolled in the gutters, women untidy and dirty sat on door steps and stared at us. My wife stood amazed and suggested that I had made a mistake.

I "No I think lam right" I said for I had heard rumours of the kind of place I was coming to. The tears stood in her eyes as she said "Well, if this is the house what kind of place will the chapel be." "One thing at a time my dear. If you will walk about a short time, I will hunt up the Chapel Steward who will perhaps let us into the house."

I looked into my note book to find the address of the fanctionary who held the high office of Chapel Steward, and after some enquiry knocked at his door. It was opened by a thin-faced woman who to my enquiry called out in a snappish voice." Sammy thee's wanted. Dost hear? Don't keep the man standing." I beard an awkward step on the stairs and soon a man in a leather apron stood before me. He was a shoemaker and a cripple and explained that he would have had the house opened but he was making a pair of shoes for a man who had threatened not to pay unless they were finished that night. Sufficient for one day was the disappoint- ment therof. Next morning we went with many fears to see the chapel. It was as bad as we could have imagined it. Situated in a half-street half-lane it was enclosed in iron railings and had a tumbled down shabby look. The garden or yard in front was completey choked with stones and rubbish, land thistles and grass grew among the ashes the neighbours threw in. The inside of the chapel was little better. The pews—long narrow ones—were dirty and neglected, the clock which was encircled by the suggestive reminder" As time passes eternity approaches," had ceased to mark the march of time and rested from its labours. I noticed on one side of the chapel a row of seats without backs, which I supposed were for the use of the scholars, but on enquiry I found they were the 'free seats" for the I use of those who did not rent the ordinary pews. My predecessor had found that some of the people were willing to sit in the free seats every Sunday and thus escape pew rents. He determined that if they would not pay they should not have any comfort and so he had hacked off the seat backs.

Now came the most disheartening discovery of all. This had caused a secession. The largest part of the congregation had left and set up a kind of religious republic of their own, taking nearly all the children from the Sunday school and leaving only half a dozen adults.

---- --- The next day was Sunday and we saw the full effects of the secession. On arriving we found the door closed. The chapel-keeper had joined the other church and taken the keys with him. After some delay we got inside and old cobbler Sammy dusted a few seats with his blue cotton handkerchief. In all there were thirteen present includ- ing children. One of the congregation had but one eye and a face deeply pitted with small pox. This was Billy Dutton. Then there was Sammy with his iron leg and blue handkerchief. At night I asked al, the members to remain after the service. I found there were only six. Billy Dutton and his wife, Job Smalls and his wife, old Sammy the cobbler and an old nail-maker who seemed to have no name but Dickey. They did not own a pound among them, and here was the crushing fact that the lawyer who held a mortgage upon the chapel had called it in and £lOO and interest must be found at once. I said a few encouraging words, got them to enter into a covenant to pray and work and thus closed my first day's work in Warrington. Next morning I was early at the office of the lawyer who held the mortgage on the chapel. He was a fine-built man, with a shining bald head, grey whiskers, grey bushy eyebrows and a ruddy healthful face. I saw at once he was a man of business. "I have come, I said, to see how much we are in debt to you at the chapel in Old-Road." A look of annoyance crossed his face as he said, "There is a mortgage of £lOO, and interest and costs amount to another £5O. I have been so annoyed I have advised my client to sell it. He has agreed and I have full powers to sell." "Will you allow me three months from to-day to raise the money? I promise if God spares me,,,you shall have the whole of it in that time.

.... The lawyer stood amazed and incredible. I stood bolt upright to let him see I meant what I said. At length he spoke" Well, sir, lam willing to try you, but" (and here the lawyer flashed out) " the money must be paid to the day." I went home and said to my wife "Now my dear you have a silk dress." "Yes, but—" Well I want you to put it on and dress Lucy and Willie in their very best to go to the chapel." "But—"

Aek no questions" I said smiling " When you get there I will tell you what I want. I secured a spade, hoe, and rake and tied them together. When my wife was ready I placed them on my shoulder and we sallied forth in the direction of Old-Road. People

stared just a little, for ministers don't usually carry spades. Arrived at the Chapel garden I set my two children picking up stones and piling them in a corner; to my wife I gave the duty of hoeing up the thistles and weeds, while Ishovelled the rubbish into heaps.

People soon began to stop at the railings and tell each other that "a real lady and gentleman were digging in the chapel yard." Some tried to be funny and brought their friends to help them to laugh,and before dark the whole neighbourhood knew. This was on Monday. On Tuesday morning I received a note written in a bold business hand. Vey. Sir,—l should feel it a favour if yen would allow me to send men to clear away the rub'iish in the chapel yard in Old-road In pa ,sing yesterday I was sorry to see you and your family engaged in so lalLrious a work. A teply by bearer will oblige A FRIEND. I hastily wrote a note of thanks and ' handed it to the man. . .

The next step was to engage joiners, painters and plasterers to repair and beautify the chapel inside and out. Meanwhile I gave each member of our tiny church a memor- andum book and got them canvassing for donations. The faithful half-dozen made splendid sacrifice. Old Sammy entered each week in his book " Soleing and heeling one pair of boots, 3E. 6d." I asked if he could afford this and learned that he got up earlier each morning and managed to do one pair extra. Old Billy made a living by selling tea from door to door and each week "gave a pound of tea to the Lord." Dickey the nail- maker decided to "make every tenth nail for God—a real tithe like those in the Bible." The weeks passed and the chapel was finished. The old clock ticked again in majesty and at the opening services the place was full. Grandest of all, the man who had offered to cart away the rubbish was converted and with a heart full of joy offered a thank-offer- ing of £5O. The three months were now nearly up. We ourselves by the house to house collect- ing and the collections at the opening had got together £9O, so that we only lacked £lO. A friend of mine sent me £5, and now a week from the day of payment we lacked just a little over £5.

The week brought nothing except the small sums our own collectors could put in their books. It was Sunday and I must face the lawyer next morning. The matter seemed hopeless for we had collected from every person in the town who was Wicely to give. I could not rest that night, and so through the long hours we watched and petitioned Him to Whom all the gold and silver belongs. Like a flash it occurred to me to write to the gentleman who had given £5O, and, as a last resource, to ask him to lend £5. I sent my daughter with a note and' waited anxiously for her return. She came back waving a £5 note above her head and crying "Here it is Father, and he has given it to me."

"Given it to you" I exclaimed in choking words. . .

"Oh " she said "When I got to the house he was just coming down the steps. When he saw me you should have seen how anxious he looked. He took the note and tore it open. Then he said 'Thank God it is no worse and gave me this. Then he said ' I was just coming to your house, for I have been troubled in my sleep about your father. I thought he must be very ill or in great sorrow. lam glad it is no worse." An hour later, with head erect and elastic step I entered the lawyer's office. "I have heard of your labours" he said, " and am pleased at your success." I laid down the money and took a receipt. I was leaving the office when the lawyer grasped my hand said "Sir, if ever you want five pounds come to me and you shall have it." Looking at him for a moment I smiled and answere

"Thank you, I will take the five pounds now to help to pay the painters and joiners." He seemed surprised at my sudden claim, but going to his desk brought back a bank note for £5, which I bore in triumph to my faithful friends. .

Thus a new chapter began in the life of Old Road Chapel. and the clock clicked happily on under its ponderous motto through many prosperous years. A. M.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. HAROLD SMITH'S QUESTIONS.

The Shops Bill. In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. Harold Smith asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether the word occupier in Clause 11 of ' the Shops Bill includes the manager of a shop the busls neon of which is not personally conducted by the employer ; end whether bakers who work on premises where. retell trade or business is carried on will come within the scope of the Shops Bill. The Home Secretary said he was advised that the answer to the first question wise in the negative,and that In such acme the employer was the occupier ofthe shop for the purposes of the clause. As to the second ques- tion, by the definition in Clause 33 of the Bill the term 4 shop assistant " included only such persons as were wholly or mainly employed in a shop in connection with the serving of customers, or the receipt of orders, or the despatch of goods. Persons, therefore, svbo were engaged in the making of bread or other articles would not come within the scope of the Bill.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
INFORMATION OFT REPEATED.

Mr. Harold Smith naked the Prime Minister whether, in the event of the Conciliation Bill being accepted by the floue, bin understanding to grant facilities for amendments to the Manhood Suffrage Bill in the direction of the enfranchisement of women would still hold good. Mr. Asquith : The Franchise Bill will be so drawn to make feasible any amendmen:s ic the direction referred to. .

Mr. Smith : Will the Reform Bill, as stated, leave the promoters of the Conciliation Bill with precisely the same opportunities as before, or hes the Concilia- tion Bill been torpedoed, as stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Friday last ? Mr. Asquith : All the pledgee I have given with regard to the Conciliation Bill remsin In full force.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

CHESHIRE " A " v. LANCASHIRE "A." In this match at Formby last week the Lancashire eleven surprised Cheshire by winning a bard fought Fame by 3-2. The Cheshire forwards were disappoint- ing but the Leusoashire quinlotte were continually on the attack and the Cheshire backs bad. gruelling time. Cheshire managed to equalize in the second half but a remarkable shot from the right put lAncash ire ahead. Several of the Lsonsehire players on Saturday's form should get places on the premier eleven.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD.

The First Eleven •isited Wallasey aid mode a draw of one goal etch. The Wallasey ground is very bumpy and is all against accurste dribbling and paseing. The •isitors had not a very strong team out and after maintaining a lend of 1-0 until quite close on time were deprived of a win by a good individual effort by one of the Wallasey forwards. The Second Elevens should have met at Latchford but Wallasey were usable ta send a team owing to [sickness, but • hastily arranged match with Crosfleld'e provided "rite an intereating game and though Latch- ford won 7-11 the visitors had • lot more of the play than the wore would suggest, but their forwards were weak in the circle. Sandy and Billington for Crorfield's played very nice hockey. Wright, T. Banks, Millard' and Colton did well for Latchford, the latter ',bootleg the best goal of the match close on time. The First Eleven v. Bebbington " A " at home this afternoon is :—T Olson, goal :J Allinson, J B Wilkin- son, backs ; A Starkey, A Knight, F Isherwood, balers; R A Dsle, J l'esrson D Travis, II Parker, IS Banks, forwards. Referee, Mr A Albinson. Bully-off 2.30 p.m. ' The Second Eleven v. Bowdon" B "at Bowdon Is : II Wright, goal ; W H Pickles, R Parkinson, backs ; H Kock., A E Bradshaw, T Banks, hi yes ; H R Colton, E Cli fie, W Fletcher, WA Itlinards, II Fletchar,forwards• Referee, Mr 0 H Gould. Tr ainsfrom Central Station 135 pan.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P. THE AMENDED UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE BILL A few weeks ago an explanation was given in this column of the provisions of the Unemployment part of the Insurance Bill. Since then the Bill has gone through a Grand Committee and a number of amendments I have been made, some of which are of import- _ .

_ awe. This Unemployment part of the Bill is not the least valuable, and as it is going to

affect over two million Workmen at the out-

set, with the possibility of bye and bye apply- my to all the workers in the industrial . . . . .

00-cupations, it is important that it should be carefully considered and understood: . .

The orand Committee have added to the number of trades which are to be brought within the compulsory provisions of the Bill, and the definition of some of those which were originally included has been widened. There is so much dovetailing of trades that

===== 0002601_19111202_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
KING-STREET MANCHESI BE

6 6 GOODALLS,"

Establisb e 1 1827.

will not be able to draw out-of-work pay, unless in the meantime he has obtained bona-fide employment elsewhere at similar work to that he lost. ENCOURAGING EMPLOYERS.

it is very difficult in many— cases to say A number of amendments have been made, whether some particular one will be included the object of which is to encourageemployers even now. For instance, the definition of to keep their men at work in slack times,and "building" reads as follows .—" The con- to make it, perhaps, worth the employers' struction, alteration, repair, decoration, or while to see that their workmen have no demolition of buildings, including the broken time in the course of a twelvemonth. I manufacture of any fittings of wood of a kind The Board of Trale shall, on the application ' commonly made in builders' workshops or of any employer made within one month after yards." This definition is far more precise the termination of any calendar year,or other than it was originally, but even now a great prescribed period of twelve months, refund to many questions will arise as to whether a such employer out of the unemployment fund trade should be included or not. Furnishing a sum equal to one-third of the contributions a building is as much a part of the equipment paid by him on his own behalf during that of the building as is the fitting of electrical period in respect of any workman who has appliances, but it will be possible to argue been continuously in his service through the that neither of these trades comes within the period, and in respect of whom not less than above mentioned definition, although a gas- forty-five contributions have been paid fitter or plumber probably will do 80. Are during the period. brickmakers and quarrymen to be included? Then, in addition to this proposal to give They are certainly employed in connection back to the employers one-third of the con- with the building trades. tributions he has paid for his fully employed A further change which has been made is workmen there is a further provision which in adding" sawmilling" to the list of insured is intended to encourage employers to spread trades, and a more precise definition of out their work, and to adopt short time in " engineering " has been inserted by adding preference to closing down altogether during " ironfounding " and " mechanical engineer- a slack period. This is an interesting clause ins." It is stall open to argue whether and it is worth quoting in full. the making of certain classes of hand tools 't If any employer satisfies the Board of will be a trade which comes within the Trade that during any period of depression definition of " mechanical engineering." in his business workmen employed by him . . . . . .

These points only show how diffic-ult it is-to define in words the limitations and inclusions intended. The determination as to whether any trade does come within the scope of the Bill is a matter which will be settled by the Board of Trade.

have been systematically .wor ing short time, and that during such period he has paid contributions under this part of this Act on behalf of such workmen, as well as on his own behalf, without recovering such contributions from such workmen either by

way of deductions from wages or otherwise,

there shall be refunded to him out of the P.DArtinyinent limit in accordance with regula- tions made by the Board of Trade, the con- tributions so paid by him in respect of those workmen (including those paid on behalf of the workmen as well as those paid on his own behalf), for the period or such part thereof as in circumstances may seem just: "Provided that, except in a case where the working of short time has been effected by stopping the work for some day in the week which has been usually recognised as a working day of at least four hours in the trade and district, no such refund shall be made in respect of any workmen for any week in which the hours of work have exceeded five-sixths of the number usually recognised as constituting a full week's work at that time in the trade and district." It is doubtful if the inducement which is offered by the above quoted provision will be sufficiently attractive to induce employers to keep machinery running at a loss; but it will be a very interesting experiment and time alone can show whether it will be of any value. WORKING THROUGH TRADE UNIONS. An amendment has been made in the part of the Bill which entitles trade unions to work the Unemployment part of the Insur- ance scheme. Only such trade unions as by their rules pay out of work benefit to their members will be allowed to become "approved associations," and only such workmen as prove that they are members of the union shall be allowed to use the union as the medium for obtaining their out of work pay for the national scheme. But the union must undertake to pay one-fourth more to the workman than the seven shillings he ' will get from the Insurance Fund. The members of trade unions which by their rules pay unemployment benefit will be entitled to deduct from their contributions the amount of 21/2d. a week which will be compulsorily taken from their wages by the employer. There is one further point in regard to contributions which may be mentioned as it is an amendment to the original Bill. There is to be no out of work pay for the first week of unemployment. But unemployment for a part of a week only is to count as a week in the matter of paying full con tributions,except that where the period of employment is two days or less, the contributions, both of the employer and of the workman, shall be reduced to one penny if the period does not exceed one day and to two pence if it exceeds two days, and in such cases the reduced con- tributions will only be treated as propor- tionate contributions for the purpose of qualifying for benefits. These are the amendments which have been made in the Bill in Grand Committee, and it is not likely that any material change will be made by the House of Commons.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
i'i/si-NCIAL ALTERATIONS.

Alterations have been made both as regards .tbe .s.Dassap.t D 5 DD DI witrir Isms& and the amount of the weekly contributions. In the original form of the Bill a distinction was made between different trades in the matter of weekly benefit, although all paid the same contributions. In some cases it was six shillings and in other cases seven shillings a week. This difference was made because the rate of unemployment in the building trades was higher than in some of the others. But this distinction has now been wiped out, and a sum of 7s. a week will be the uniform rate of out of work pay. It should be mentioned, however, that the Bill does not guarantee the full amount of 79. If the fund should become insolvent it will be in the power of the Board of Trade to reduce the amount to ss. a week, or to order an increased contribution. Apprentice lads will have to be insured, against unemployment. Originally they were required to pay 21/2d. a week like all the rest. This was manifestly hard and unfair, and an alteration has been made to the effect that any workman under 18 years of age shall pay only ld. per week, but his contribu- tion will only be reckoned as two-fifths of a full contribution so that he will have to make five contributions to the ordinary workman's two in order to be entitled to the same scale of benefits. No out of work benefit will be paid to any one during the six months following the commencement of the Act. TRADE UNIONS AND THE BILL. The Trade Union members of the Grand Committee have succeeded in obtaining some modification of the provisions of the Bill dealing with the case of the workman who will not accept" blackleg" employment. It is now clearly laid down in the Bill that a workman shall not be disentitled to unemployment benefit because he -nas refused— (a) an offer of employment in a situation vacant in consequence of a stoppage of work due to a trade dispute. (b) an offer of employment in the district where he was last ordinarily employed at a rate of wage lower, or on conditions less favourable, than those which he habitually obtained in his usual employ- ment in that district, or would have obtained had he continued to be so employed ; or (c) an offer of employment in any other district at a rate of wage lower or on conditions less favourable than those generally observed in such district by agreement between associations of employers and of workmen, or, failing , any such agreement, than those gener- ally recognised in such districts by good employers. I On the other hand a workman is not to be entitled to draw from the fund if his unemployment is due to a strike or lockout. So long as such a stoppage of work exists he

sq S_

6 G,ODALLs." 46 ALLGOOD" ART car Er.

BRITISH-MADE. SEAMUS& REVERSIBLE. DURABLE. GUARANTEED 10 BE THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED IN CARPETS.

"GOODALLS " POSSESS THE SOLE RIGHT OF SELLING THESE CARPETS IN GREAT BRITAIN yards x 21 yards l 24 „ x 3 „ lB4. 941. 3 „ x 3 22s. 6d. 3 „ x3l „ 3 „ x 4 „ 304. Od. OTHER SIZES IN PROPORTION. Samples Loaned on Application. PIO2IIO Write. Prompt Attention to Orders.

POSTAL ORDER DEPARTMENT. TERMS CASH OR SATISFACTORY REFERENCE WITH ORDER.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
- - OUR SERIAL STORY.

(ALL RIGHTS fiIISERVIIP.I

theft. ant tic 'was caretul to leave this um• prennion with every other truant of the block.

"I'll have to find her," he declareti to everyone he interviewed; and he went to them all: "I have a warrant for her arrest for theft; and she knows it, and has done a bolt. If you hear anything, send • word to the Chief Inspector at Scotland mcd, will you It's a bad cape: a very had ease." "If he gels hold rf that. I hope he'll like it:* he chuckled to himself as he went away to announce the fact of thc flight to Gar.

He found the lawyer reading Helen's letter and puzzling over it. He did not like the look of it at all, and was seeking' to persuade himself that his judgment of the previous day had been right, and that there van no connection between the theft and the flight. 'The pretty typewriter has bolted,'' announced Wmtock.

"I know she has gone," replied Garwood. "I've just heard from her. She has found it necessary to leave London." "Does she give you a reason?" sneered Bostoek. "She saw you were soft."

"The thing in a naysterr." .id Garwood. Now that Helen had gone, and apparently did not intend to return, it would be quixotic on hie part, he thought, to quarrel with a man who had introduced profitable business, and had the power to take it away. "Not much mystery about it, except the mystery of your hesitation to prosecute her. She's a thief—or kleptomaniac, if you like. Anyway, she took the rings, and when we found .her out she bolted to avoid punisk. ment."

"Well, we have the rings back all safe; and that's the main thing. "And as Fo niebody has a key of yorr safe, or the means of getting one, the best thing I can no is to take them all away again." • "I shall be only too glad to get rid of them," agreed the lawyer readily and gladly, as he gave them up and drew out a receipt tor Bostock to sign.

lbs:tock remained a couple of days in London trying to trace llclen's movements. But he failed : and the failure annoyed him not a little. It was almost essential. for his purpose that he should be able to keep in touch with her : but on the eve of Bulmer's return he had to go down to the Chase to give Mrs. Caulfield an account of what he had done.

lie reported that Helen had run away front London ; and deserihed the means he had adopted to drive her away. That is enough," she interrupted. "You are sure she is gone, and has not kit any trace behind her?' "Certain; and she'll never show her face there again:. . . . . _

"That' is all, theu. I will pay you what I

"Is it all?" he asked. Then, with a very meaning look, he added. "I have more than a sort of idea she's bolted to get married to somebody else." "What do you mean?" "You (bill stappoAe I'm not wise to what you're doing it all for. Nothing to me. 61 couve. IBut if you want her marriage proved, tell me. Any tine. Easy as falling off a tree. But joust as you wish." Mrs. Caulfield averted her face and hesi- tated. "If what you think is true, of course, it ought to he known." "Why, certainly," was the drily spoken reply. "If you— if you find any proof of it, you can tell me."

" A sessch like that 'inky cost a pile of •lollars, of course.— lw reminded lwr.

..... I will pn..y- you." nhe replied quickly unit eontemptuounlv. an she walked sway. "Nice to he rich enough to indulge your !nil^ fluid-in," he murmured to himself, on iv. looked after her with a smile. "And sho is going to get this one all right."

_ llfrs. Caulfield was too shrewd to remain at the Chase for Bulmer's arrival, although Lady Trevellock pressed her. She meant to kllow him to get over the first smart of the trouble of Helen's disappearance before they met.

She told her friend, however, that her de- parture was due to her fear of the effects upon herself. "Of course, I'm getting over it all, dear," she said, with a sweet smile of resignation. "but I'm not quite reconciled. If I were to be in the same house with him, meeting him every hour, I—but there, you understand. It will be all difkrent when he gets his neve appointment. He mill marry Miss l'axton and have to live in the north, and I can come down again. Perhaps, then, I'll buy the Charnoek estates, and settle down near you. Bat not yet, dear, not yet. And her little touch of half-suppressed emo- tion sufficed to convince Lady Trevellock that she still loved Bulmer.

Rostock was also disinclined to be present when Bulmer arrived, although he would have liked to remain on Lotta's account. He made good use of the time, which he had spent chiefly with her. He had driven a few more nails into the coffin of her engagement to Grainger in the course of an afternoon's ride, and had also advanced his own pro- spects. He Wall a magnificent horseman, and they had had a mad gallop together. She had itever seen him to such advantage. "You ride splendidly," he said to her when they pulled up; "but you are as reckless as a girl of .the. west." .

"I shouldn't care, to live if I hadn't my horse. Do you know I think you are the best rider I have ever seen," she cried, her eyes glowing with the excitement. "I could live in the saddle," he said, in response to her mood.

•:I'd rather see a man ride well than do ally thing else." "Pity Grainger isn't better at it." "Oh, he's afraid of a horse, I think," she replied, with a touch of contempt. "Will you come out again to-morrow?" "I'd just love to. but I have to go to town Again. But I'll be seeing Grainger, and I can tell him to come down."

**You need not, thank you; I don't wish it,” she said bluntly. He said no more, and returned to London with a comfortable feeling that matters were going very much as he wished them. The next day was that of Bolmer's return. He had wired to Helen to meet him at South- ampton, and one disappointed at neither see- ing her nor getting a message, and as soon as he reached London he drove to West Ken- sington. Finding the flat shut, he made in- quiri,i of the neighbours, as Hogback had anticipated, and heard the news which had been so carefully prepared for him. Staggered and incredulous, he went down to the Chase, in the hope of finding some news of Helen there.

Her letter completed his bewilderment, and filled the cup of his dismay and pain. Bitterly he regretted his journey to America. and blamed himself for having ever left her in England.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
rnpvriglileil in lA., rnflril Stolen of Americo In, Aral r Miterhononl.)" SIR GREGORY'S SILENCE

ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT. Airhof of The Man Who Was Dead." "By Right

of Sword:. &c.

CHAPTER XIII. BULMRICE RETURN.

When Ilelea at length turned bark to Sir Gregory, all her passion and indignation hod passed. She Fan too desolate, too numbed with sorrow, too broken by the terrible truth, to feel mere anger. And with her passion had passed also all thought of attempting to punish Sir Gregory for his cowardly treatment of her. His con- duct was too heinous for her to think of being his judge. She did not even ask herself whether his act constituted a crime which the laws of the country couid touch.

She knew that whatever she might do to him, the disgrace would in some degree fall upon Bulmer; and he Wan already punished enough. Iler one thought now was to get away from them sill; to hide herself where they would never find her; to try and live down the anguish and pain of it all; and to find a 111011119 of earning her bread in peace, if not in happiness. She held to her belief that tier persecution had born the work of Sir Gregory, and that his object had been at once to separate Bub flier and herself, and to bide the secret which she had detected. Ile should gain Isis ends. She would never trouble him again as long as She lived. To him, as to all at the Chess', she would he as one in the grave; but in re- turn she must be freest from the persecution which had so nearly ruined her. She did not know that she was the keire•s of the Chase. She hail never understood why the Chase was to gs to limits instead of to Bulmer; but had concluded that it was in consequence of some legal provon which did not in any way affect her, and was con- nected only with Sir Gregory's possession of the property. Had she known the truth, it would probably have altered her deeision ; but she regarded herself as a pellilikSs whose bread must be earned by herself Is, fore it could he eaten.

She was quite calm and collected. She had deeidedippon her course; and there was nothing more to be done now except to an- nounce it to her visitor and rid herself of his presence. "I shall cause you no more trouble." she said to Sir Gregory, who started uneasily at the sound of her voice. He had been deeply buried in very troubled thought. "I have decided what to do. I shall keep your secret all my life not out of regard for you; but partly for Bulnß•t's sake and partly because I hod it a shame to myßelf that you are my father. I shall go nosy ; and I make only the one condition— that you cease your perse- cution. and make no attempt to follow or find me. Don't speak. please,' she broke off as he tried to protest. "I can then earn my own living an I did here until you prevented me. We shall not meet again.' . . . _

"It was not my doing, -fiellen. I- -" "I cannot and do not believe that," she re- plied coldly. "But if the mime thing is at- tempted again. I shall lake back my promise to keep the secret. As to Hulnwr- ---" she paused. Rll,l putting her hand to her head. sighed wearily. "I*.in may tell hi to what 1,11 will YOU know why I PllllllOl ever see 'him again. Vita may tell him the truth if you choose: or yon may bate him to belie, that I have gone away if my own will. What you decide ran Ix. nothing to rn' ii the fu tune. Only this -I will not submit again to In. hunted as you have 111.11114•11 HP! here. And IloW, please go." She went to the door and threw it open. drawing back ostentatiously to give him A ide room to pass. He rose, and stood in the middle of the room hesitating. "1 cannot go like this," he murmured. "What will you do?" "I do not choose to tell you."

"I wish to provide for yoiji.-1 wid give--- " Ile stopped abruptly as he looked up and met her eyes.

"Do' von think I would take anything from you? Prom you?'' The cold contempt of her tone and look bit like an acid on a wound. He winced and paused a moment an if about to reply, but, with a groan of anguish, shrank from her look, and left the room.

She stood at the window and watched him as he went out of the building and walked, with bowed head and the air of a broken man, along the shabby street. She remained some minutes at the window. buried in thought. She was thinking of Bulmer ; and resolved then to write a letter which he would get on his arrival at the Chase.

With a perfeetly steady hand and complete, composure, she opened one of her trunks and got out writing materials; and making a desk of the trunk, she knelt on the floor and wrote:

"My dear Bulmer,—We shall not meet again. I cannot tell you the reason; but I am forced to leave London and must hide myself somewhere. Do not seek me. That has occurred which must for ever put a barrier between you and me; and the best An well as the kindest thing you can do is to forget that you and I ever met. If you ever learn the reason, you will understand my motives.— Helen."

She read it through two or three times, finding it cold and formal, and wishing with all her heart that she could have put some touch of warmth in it. But that was impos. sible in the light of her new knowledge ; and with a kiss she put it into the envelope. As she was addressing it the thought occurred to her that when Sir Gregory saw her handwriting he would probably open the letter and keep it from Bulmer. She took it out again, therefore, and made a copy. This she encloied in a separate envelope to Sir Gregory, with a note to him.

"I have written a letter to Bn:tiler, of which I send you i copy. I do this in order that you may not think I have broken my promise of secrecy, and so be led to inter- cept it.—Helen Powell." She hesitated some time before signing that name, but to him she could me it; and she was not averse from inflicting the stab which the name would cause.

She did not shed a single tear, nor allow herself to indulge in any regret. She had broken entirely with the past, and must hus- band all her strength to face the future. She accepted the position as unalterable. To look bark was weakness, and of all weakness unavailing regret Was the most useless. As soon as the two letters for tlw Chase were ready, she wrote a short note to Mr. Carwood telling him that certain things had come to her knowledge which made it im- perative for her to leave London at once, and Mat it would be useless tor him to attempt to see her that evening. She thanked him for his kindness, and ended with an assurance that if she could tell him everything he would quite understand her action; and that the persecution which she had endured was at an end.

_ She then went out and ptiAted the letters, and returned in a tab, in which she drove with her luggage to the house where she had already taken lodguigs, stopping on the was to drop the key of the flat in the letter-tum of the agent. Thus, when Bostock went down in the afternoon to complete his work and drive Helen away, he was astonished to find the flat shut and apparently empty. A few questions put to the neighbours soon gave him the facts; and he was quick and shrewd enough to turn the position to advantage. Bulmer Trove: lock was sure to go to The place to make inquiries; and it was neces- sary that he should be eonvinced that there was a substantial reason for Helen's flight. Bostock juniped to the conclusion that she had run away rather than face the charge of

===== 0002601_19111202_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV.

IMAM'S MARRIAGR.

Lady Trevellock M inetpressibly de- lighted to have Blamer back again. "I have counted the hours for your coming." she said, wistfully. "They seemed so long. How browned you art.': . _ .

"It's the sea, I expect." he answered, kiss- ing her, and they talked for • time of his ex- periences and the reason for his unexpectedly quick return. Going out on the steamer, he had made friends with a rich man, who wished to purchase just such a property as Mr. Burrell's. and Buttner had proposed the deal. A rush visit to the district had followed, and then a few cables had com- pleted the matter. Mr. Burrell had been greatly pleased, and had paid Bulmer a very big fee. "It will he a good thing for you, clear. lint I hope he won't send you packing off to ROMP other end of the world," said Lady Trevel- lock.

--7".1 wild' I had not gone at all,— declared Bulmer.

Why?' "Have vnu heard aavtlii,.o freak Fax

tun wow, Fre oven away?" No, Rulmer; I thought it rather atrange." You don't know anything. then?' "About chat, my dear? About Helen? Of rotten, KWH come down now that Jou're hack. and 'have been so successful. It was what you both n ished no much." 'There's trouble about her, mother. Rd; von all shout it later. I want to speak Rs try lather." "Ile has mi;sed you very much. I alll sure of that. He is no altered, Bulmer; not like the same man. I see no little of him; and he mope, and mope, in that study until I don't know what to think. You must rouse him up bit. I can't understatol harm aria IL Curt 1,, me terribly." .

" What has happened to account for It?' "'l' hat's the strange part of it. Nothing at all that I can thin). of. And he alwayi tells me his worries." and she sighed heavily. "In it—is it anything to do with —with ni) —with Helen?" he asked hrsitating:y. "I can't think no. Hut I am sure he hat something on his mind. hl always tells me he hstin't • and bas been no irritable w hen I have asked him." _ .

..... "I am going to him now," and he went downstairs. _

Ile saw the change In Sir Gregory at a glance, and WM, not • little affected. Men had always been the closest affection between father and son, complete trust and mutual confidence ; and Starner Wll5 anxious to tell his own bad news and ask Sir Gregory's Rd vice.

'Youarc not looking as well as when went away, father, and the mother in a bit worried about you. She Nays you don't get out as much as you twd."

Sir Gregory had been dreading his SOW, arrival, and the questions he would be sure to put about Helen. "I'm as well as usual. my boy; but I have been worried."

"la n. anything you would care to tell me. air?"

"I'm afraid I should only set you worrying 113 well a. myself, if I were to tell you. it it about my life asvurance. There have beer some ugly rumours about the Alphomcgs Company; and I've had a scare over it." "You don't, mean that there is any fear cd thy office going wrong?" Sir Gregory sighed and tossed op hir hands. "It win be very serious if it does," he said slowly. "I couldn't help worrying Bolmar, on your mother's account." Balmer knew, of course, that the heavy lift assoranee policy which his father had taken nut was the only means of provision he had wade for Lady Trevellock's future. "I'm not surprised it worried you, sir. I can't tell you how grieved I am at the news. I hope with all my heart your fears are exaggerated. I am in great trouble, too, sir." Sir Gregory started uneasily. He knew what was evening, and tried weakly to feud it A. "Didn't you manage to please .Mr. Mr. Burrell is that his name?" "Oh. yes. I did much bettor than he had expected even ;" and he told him what 'se had already told his mother.

"I am very glad, my boy," replied Sir aregory. smiling. "Anil now, if you don't mind, I want to go through sonic papers about which I have a letter to write."

"I shall be glad if you can spare me a few minut,s. sir. I want to speak to you about Miss Paxton."

"Yes. yea, of course. I wish I could holt TOIL I'm afraid you will feel it; hut I could In nothing. You know that I atm her?" "Indeed I do not, sir. When was it?"

"Two or three diiys ago--in London. She wrote to rue that she was in imc trouble. and, of course. I went to her ;" he apoki with almost painful hesitation. anti confusion 110 had bomi thinking intently about what he should tell Bulmor in regard to his interview with Helen; and had made up his story. But the telling of it was full of difficulty.

The fact that the office in which be bar: assured his lire was likely to fall hod hat: great influence upon bun; and had made ir more mlent than ever that Ilidiner should make a rich marriage. It had been in hi• thoughts all through the intervi2w with liclen and had had much to do in shopint the (sutrae which he hod taken with her.

He had been deeply moved by her distrest and trouble; but at the same time ,cretin rejoiced when he found it won in his power In part her and ?Ramer. Torn by thew., an tagonistie desires, be had listened to her de nuneialion of him in fear and trembling. lest she should guess the ful: secret of hit life; and when she herself had accepted the fart of their real relationship, and the in- superable barrier it constituted between lies and Bulmer, he had stooped to use the op portunity of separating them finally. It offered just such • course as appenled tc liLt n-oak nature. The very lack of strength of mind and mill which made hint shrink from the deliberate commission of a wrong fu l deed acted also to urge his acquiescenc, in one when repudiation would have involved confession and disgrace. He had suffered torments of remorse since the interview with He:en; but he had never. theless resolved to hide the truth from Bub mer,and do his utmost to keep the two apart. Bulmer heard of the meeting with intenw surprise. "1. had no idea you had seen her,' he cried. "She has written me a letter which I cannot in the least understand. Here if is," and he hnnded it to Sir Gergory, win read it as carefully as if he had no know- ledge of the contents. "Can you tell me what it means? I have never been in suel. trouble in my life," added Bulmor when the letter was returned to him.

Sir Gregory sighed. "I am afraid you must make up your mind to face it, Bulmer. So far as I gathered, Miss Paxton was ac- cused of something, some theft or --" it is monstrous, father," cried Bulmer ex- cited 4. "I heard some infernal slander ol the sort when I went there. A tale about a warrant having been issued for her arrest. As if such a thing were possible!" She had already packed up everything when I was there, Bohner. The furniture was gone, and the place bare. I am sorry for you, my boy. Of course I offered to help her in every way; but she was very much up- set. quite violent indeed; and in fact turned me out of the place. I-1 didn't know vvikat to do."

-"She told you of this ridiculous charge ; and denied it. I'm sure." "Oh, yes, she denied it."

"Ana r a take her word against a thou- ['and," broke in Bulmer vehemently. "Did she 4pesk of me? But, of course., she did." "She declared that she could never see you again, and that she intended to hide her- self from e, vyls,dy she had ever known." "You don't mean, sir, 'that she gave you the impression she was running away from this thing? You speak almost as if that had been your impression." Sir Gregory hesitated, and then said slowly : "I wish I could tell you that it was not Bid mer.'•

, Wilmer laughed angrily and incredu- lously. " You were not yourself, , father, or you would never have thought anything like that. Ileieu do a thing like that! I'd like to face the man who would dsre to say such a thing to me! But I shall find her. I won't rent until I do; and I only wish to heaven I hadn't been such a fool as to go to America. Oh, how I wish that! Did i•he tell you who had dared to make such an accusation? If I can only find him, I'll soon get .at the truth." _

"When I offered to help her, she would not say a word,' • declared Sir Gregory. "If there was any truth in the cackle of the neighbours about a warrant, I Can get the facts from Scotland Yard, of eourne. I have to go up to London to-morrow to see Mr. Burrell, and I shan't come back until know the truth about all this bosinesa."

"I hop; youilLyou'll succeed,- Bulmer. But she was very positive about not seeing you again. And you see what her letter says, too." "I shall know no rest until I do find her. But you are looking very worried, father. I won't bother you with any more now." "I have been worrying about you—and Mies Paxton. I can't tell you how deeply it lass affected me."

"Thank you, father. I am sure of that. But I shall put it all right. Um not the sort of man to give in in a thing of Ibis kind."

The interview ended then, and as soon as he was alone, Sir Gregory carefully lockcel the door of his Mud and threw himself into his chair with I" groan of desoair and

angumn. Ihe ordeal was over; but los eon- science extorted a heavy price for the derett which he had added to the harden of the load he was already carrying. Bulmer w^nt up to town the next day anti began his search for Helen. But beyond the fact that no warrant had ever been issued for Helen's turrest —and, this, he learnt the Instant he put R question to Scotland Yard— all his efforte recoiled in failftre.

His agents succeeded in tracing her to the lodgings to which she had gone from the flat; but from that point nothing could be MICE rtained. He spent money recklessly: advertised for her far and wide: and ll- towed lip clue after clue with unflagging per- severance and energy. But the weeks rolled by, and he met with nothing hut continual disappointment. lie went down to the Chao several timea during the period, and then met Mrs. Caul field. Lady Trerellock had induced her to return there as she was body while Bu:mer was absent in London. .

Mrs. Caulfield was full of sympathy. She hers,lf had been making inquiries for Helen, and hai failed, just as Milliner himself hid; and she was surprised at fee own failure to discover anything. On one of his visito she t.ild him wbat she. had been doing—saying that it wan on his account, of ...aurae— and 4., join her efforts to his. This at first aurprisA and then pleaird him, and he IrAter other than ever before. . .

Ile was grateful for her Sympathy, too; sun their usaociatiou in the work of tea rch- big for Helen threw them much together. She mated very astutely. Having assured herself that there wan none but the remotest possibility of the search being succes:ful, she constantly urged him to further effort ; and for a long time Helen was the one end only topic of conversation between them. This tended to stimulate his energy; but OR failure after failure followed, and he began to grow disheartened, she commenced very gradually to draw his thoughts in other directions. . .

At first tentatively, often stopping in the midst of some discussion to rebuke herself and him for allowing their thoughts to he drawn from the set purpose of the search. And then, very shrewdly, she seised upon one of Latta's sneers to prepare him to be- lieve Helen had gone away on account of some old love affair.

Lotta WRA full of scorn on the subject of love. This was the result of her disillusion- ment about Grainger; and she declared her opinion one day, uith a toss of the head. that Ilelen had probably grown tired of waiting, and had gone off to get married. Wr.rm words had ensued between Lotta and Balmer in Mrs. Caulfield's presence, and the latter had championed Helen vigorously at the time, and she constantly harped on the thing afterwards with Hubner. but always took Ile part, avowing her profound be- lief in her truth. But the seed was sown, and sbe took care that the possibility should newer be absent from his thoughts. And yet all the time she succeeded in strengthening the relation- ship between him and herself. She thus came to be the only person, ezcept his mother, to whom he felt that he could speak freely about his trouble. And then came the final stroke.

Sir Gregory sent for Bulmer one morning. "I am el raid I know how it ix that on have had no news of Miss Paxton," he said. " A very strange thing has happened this morning." . .

"Concerning her in any way do you mean, Sir?' "I am afraid you will have to abandon the hope of seeing her again, Bulmer. You must nerve yourself for a shock. With my letters this morning I have received a paper from America, the 'Pocatello Sentinel' is Sic name of it, and there is a mention of her."

"Let me see it, please?" said Bulmer eagerly. She is married, Bulnter," replied Sir Gregory, retaining the paper. And the account of the thing is— is very sensational end impleanant, and her portrait in given. You know how a certain class of the papers there deal with matters of the kind at times."

" I would rather see it at once, sir," per. slated Bulmor.

"I wish I—l could have spared you this," was the hesitating reply, as Sir Gregory put the paper reluctantly into Bulmer's out- stretched hands. "It is marked. They call it ' A Romance of To-Day.' It is very dis- graceful, I think." As Bulmer read, the frown deepened on his face and his eyes flashed with anger. And with ample cause. 'the newspaper had made a sensational story of the marriage, with half- a-dozen headings in bold type: "A Romance of To-Day. Married in Pocatello. Long and Weary Years. Touching Fidelity Rewarded. A Californian Millionaire Made Happy. His Bride's Struggles in London." And the report gave a graphic account of Helen's life in Massachusetts, where the two had first met; his wooing there, when lie was poor; his sudden wealth; his search for her, and discovery of her in London working as a typist; her engagement to Bulmer; the Cali- fornian's renewed wooing; his sudden recall to the States on business; the awakening of her love for the first suitor; how she had fol- lowed him; and their eventual marriage in Pocatello.

Sir Gregory watched Balmer closely, as he road it through, and waited for him to speak. But he merely folded up the paper. "I will take this, father," was all he said. "Wait; bow did it come to your

"In a wrapper. apparently from the office of the paper, Bulmer. You see the address is typewritten, and the name of the paper is on it."

"I will take this also," was the reply. And putting the two in his pocket, he left the room.

(To be continued.)

ARCHBISHOPS AND WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT.

'The Archbishops of Canterbury and York have issued a manifesto calling attention to the Government's cres osa . t I I for n concludes e a k he iseeit,stbh le following sh nog n f thpepeaCila.o Church i hl call for steady and persistent prayer that Divine virlance and a spirit of wisdom and understanding of counsel and strength may be given to us all at a momentous crisis in our national life. And if, as we firmly believe, study and prayer make plain the reality of the peril with which we sue confronted, we call upon Christian men and women everywhere to render impossible the accomplishment of an act so disastrous to the religious life and wellbeing of the country."

COMMER( ir FAlLllRES.—Aceordiog to " Kemp's Merosetile Osaette," the number of Commercial Failures published in Great Britain and Ireland during four weeks ending Saturday, November 25th, was 677. The number in the correvponding four weeks of lest year was 700, showing a decrease of 2l,being a net decrease is 1911, to date, of 66.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Woman's Worn

There is not a drop of pure blood in the body. until it has passed through the kidneys.

For the kidneys are the blood-filters. From birth to death the blood is con- stantly flowing through them to be filtered. The heart pumps the blood, but the kidneys purify it. They strain out the uric acid poison and waste water, and dispose of it through the urinary system. When the blood reaches the kidneys it is dark and poisonous, when it leaves the kidneys it is the purest blood in the body—all its impurities and waste water have been filtered out.

Every twenty-four hours he k idr eye remcve about 500 grains of urin. u !Jejuna end three Oats of water (run the blood. But when they are weskentd by a co'cl, overwork, or exerse or any kind, they begin to 11. se. their power el separat ng the urine bona the blood.

Then the poisonous waste they leave in the blood begins to make you feel heavy, dull and drowsy; you suffer from backache, sick headache, dizziness or rheumatic twinges; you have to be careful what you eat and drink, for meat, pastries, alcoholic stimulants, or too much tea are bad for weak kidneys. The water left in the system collects under the skin and causes the swellings of dropsy. There are urinary disorders and gravel. Instead of comfort and relief following the action of the bladder, there is a burning, inflamed sensation, followed in a few moments by another desire for relief.

I) tan's Backache Kidney Pillo have a quick soothing, tonic and strengthening effect upon weak kidneys, gently leading them back to health and activity. They remove offer ding uric ac.d deposits, the great cause of gravel, stone, back- ache, lumbago, rheumatism and intlammati at of the bladder, and they dtairt cut the accumulated water in dropsy. Th y certi fled pa-c, and give the beat results of any kidney medicit e known. But the longer you neglect kidney trouble the harder it is to cure.

f„,c^ „

"Etcry Picture Tells a story.

URINARY DISORDER Four Years Cured.

- - ?dm fl. Seideli, or :7,1101me Street, I/IWD Rank, Warrington, says : -"It way after my List wanner: (tit (let I began to MU' with kidney end biadder troubles. The worst symptom* of the complaint were the chirp stab-like puns which ore I to take mv right across the notch if lite Lack. Whenever I stooped, or had been sitting dowr, it was not an easy matter to rise up straight again.

Tbe action of tbe bladder was i regular, and the kidney excretiona were very unnatural. I teams gifts ut of OMNI!, sad I u, ott to be troub!ed to, with headaches and &salines.

" Doan's backache kidney pill., however, gave me greet relief in these tr..ublee. By the time I had taken three boxes of the pills I was like another *roman. The pills rectifi id the bladder trouble end relieved me of the pains. " Lars felt I etter in every way since I tried the pills, and I shall CI rudely advise others who suffer like I did to nue Item. (Signed) Henrietta Siddall."

earl' I .or:arti ofrr hen cure, tin. Sid&ll said :—.• I have Ibe same high opinion of DIM'S pills as I tad four yeora ago. They cured me of Sidtey trouble, and I have remained cured,"

219 a box, 6 boxes 1.719; of aiL chontiole mot stores, or front Foster•llleCtelloot Co., 6, Wells St., Oxford St., London, W. Don't ask for bocknehr or kidtry pills—ask diotkotly for DOAS"s Back- ache Kidney Pills, the oanic as Mrs. Sid.tall had.

Write for illostretted booklet ort "DISEASES OF rim K I ISNEYS AND BLADDER," sext post free.

Be sure you get the same Pills as

Mrs. Siddall had

Doan's Back(.ll., ache P.', KIDNEY PILLS kidn Pills • • COS \* !• Ij \\\\\ viii4,2%;;;;;.:3,41!,...1 I \ of:

• (1; 4/•• • P " -

===== 0002601_19111202_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

World. g Clubs.—The new measide holiday home at Whitstable, which the Qoeen has provided out of the balance of the Mary'. Ctronation gift fund, is to be managed in connection with the London Girls' Club Union, and is to be Toady for occupation in the suing. It will eccommodate from fifteen to twenty girls ata time, and thus envble a large number of worker. during the season, to speed their week or fortnight's holiday by the see, at very little expense. The Club Union affiliates nearly fifty girls' clubs, .greed ova the working class districts in hoodoo' and the Womens' Branch of the Social Institutes Union is another organisation which also sixes a greet deal in helping working girls to make • willful end profitable employment of their leisure. Home life for vast I Lumbers of working girls in of a kind that is not very I attractive or elevating, end much may be done in promoting culture end healthy recreation, for both the serious girls and and the more giddy ones. The educational aides actively pursued by technical classes and competitions on such widely different interests as I dressmaking, millinery, needlework, recitation, handi- crafts, nor kery, end domestic a fteirstawimming,plsys'a drill, and no on, whilst other diversions are also con- sidered, in the provision of music, dancing, holiday seaside camps and various amusements. Dispensing With the Telephone Gird—The introduc- tion of the automatic telephoto exotrange, will throw a very Large number of girls out of employment. The work of perfecting apparatus for this purpwe has been going on for years, and it is already widely used in America. Now, two systems are to be installed at the Epsom, and Caterham exchanges in Surrey. The tele- phone user secures bis connection by mulipulating • dial in front of his telephone, arid among other advantages over the old system it is slid to be q ticker, and a more private means of c immuniention. The telephone has only come into general use for scarcely more than one generation, but it has provided employ. meat for a large number of girls, who, Otte ii little doubt, will soon have to look to other means for a a living, although some will still be required for the service of the trunk calls.

America's Itiche4 —Women.—According to Mr. Carcegie, the burden of richer is not conducive to happiness, or healihy old age, but this apperently is not the experience of Mrs. flinty Green, • ho M under- : stood to be America's richest woman. Interviewed, after the American fashion on her birthday celebration, she said the was proud of being 77, and the newspapers were wrong in saying she was 76, and she still looks after her vast financial Interests. Forty-five years ego , she was told by the doctors that she would not last another year, and at the age of 77 she slyn ~he feels Ave years younger than on her seventy-sixth birthday. It does cot appear whether the lady agrees earth Mr. Carnegie that" he who dims etch dies disgraced," but according to the interviewer, Mrs. Green was " the embodiment of strong C3lllOlOll secse and. credit Loth* country." Licking Stamps.—Peterfamiliats looks en grimly at the servants ten agitation. As a rule neither mistress or maid have any post age stamp, which he has to, supply, often without getting the permits for them sod he knows that he will have to buy the insurance atamps,whoever else may hare to lick and stick them on the cards. As to this latter process, the " Lancet declares that the hold- g of adhesive somps is an uncleanly and objectionable babit.No doubt it is,and sois the lickieg of envelopes, but it is quick and rimy, and the vast majority of people have no timo to adopt alterra• live rte• hods. Moreover it was stated in the Howls of Commons on c ne occasion, that the adhesive material • pplied to the stamps was free from bacteriological dangers. The late Sir Wilfrid Law son, fearful that it might tend to cultivate a universal taste for drink wanted to know if any alcohol was used in its prep.., ion, and he was assured that it was made irons potato starch, absolutely, free from alcohol or any poisonous substance, and was in fact antiseptic. About Finsplaces.—Tbere was n time and not to very keg ago, when the average housewife was esoteric with any sort of fireplace, but we are becoming more enlightened, end when flitting to a new abode grow more and more disposed to :ea to it that our firepla.res are to col structed as to burn • minimum of coal, and give a maximum of lent, s atate of •flairs exactly opposite to 1b.,. of the " gc od old days," It is a theory tuncog archiiects that the fleet buildings made by man were not dwelling places, bat hearth places, protected against the fury of the elements, end upon : these a ere modelled first the houses of the priests, then 1 those of the kings, and after a long time those of the people, lot it was much later beforectsch family had ite own II replace. Tt e curliest form of fireplace therefore was the fire on the hearth used by tbe sncientr, sod this was followed by the brazier which was card for centuries by the Egyptians. tie Greeks sod the Rowing. It wee not until : the 11th century that chimneys were invented and the next step was to raise the fire from the ground, abich was accomplished by means of iron firs-dogs ; then came that form of grate inbwn as the " duck's oust." Of all the grates Invented Once that time, the one which came into use abiut the commencemeet of the Ifith century, is perhaps the most hideous and happily it is rarely, it ever men ociwadeyi. The I itoot form of • fireplace is simply • variation of the old lire OD the hearth, and some of the examples are wonderful com- binations of beauty, comfort and economy. Toques ifssbionables.—Most fascioatipg, and of I endless' variety. are this season's toques, and suited to the individuality of every woman it would seem. Souse are high in crown, and barrow ia brim, others quite the ,

opposite, but wally all are hi-T.llllllg. riot. alispen coaapletely envelop the head end hair, end c,,vers pnrt I of the face, that is the sides of the face, and resemble I all kinds of comminplace olijecte, such as jelly-bage, etc. A rear toque hee a full crown of velvet or silk chick finisbee is • point hanging over the right side Tte helmet toque in fur is neither becoming nor artistio end should be worn only by the prettiest and youngest Aeother new hat of the toq le type has no crown at all, but that is inteodel to be worn only at afternoon less and functions generally. The trimmings are so arranged that the absence of a crown is hardly discernible. ritl3ll and parme are used very much this winter fir the larger hats, which have little or no trimming. One long full feather with !encored (nide, starting from a cabochon, and lying well back over the crown and brim r offices when the tri mm fag is de. Sill's shepes have ruches. It has beim discovered in Paris that the 16th century beret, or headdress, suits the !present style of coiffure, hen le the Valois toque, tilted , at thai angle at ;Thiel it oar W ,rn at that period, is one I of the lated shapes to appear in the City of Li eat, sod 'it is very becoming to certain types of face and ! feature.. As an edging for the tirimi of ham, millieers !are using narrow feather trimming very extensively. ! Pipings and Stitchings.—Velvet end velveteen are ! never oat of place either as material, or.. trimmings. On many of the latest tailored suits velvet M used for pipings and crossways bande above the hem of the skirt, and on alemes. But these require a skilled hand, to make them not well, and should not be attempted by the novice. lit eny women will welcome the return of stitchery,for it is the most economical forme( trimming and wean well if brushed frequently. For the business girl, for the busy housewife, and for children, no better ornamentation could be devised.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
1:0 - I r, Lymm. UNITED SERVICL—The third monthly service was held on 1 hursday evening in the Primitive Methodist Church whin thele was only a moderate attendance. The Rev R W B Whiteway gave the address. CON"REGATIONAL CHRISTIAN SERVICE BAND.—A good number gathered at the meeting on Elondav even- . tag. The address was given by Mr. Richard Hewitt. the subject being" Heaven and earth in sympathy " was held in aid Le alluded to the text 'There is joy in heaven I of buoday ever one sinner that repeateth." The address was icoomprievl-• most interesting and very helpful to all. A solo was rendered by Miss Ravenscroft "Oh what shall the answer be." Mr J II Moston presided. The meeting concluded with abort prayers. DEATH OF Moo. T. Jogs.—We regret to announce the death of Mrs Thomas Jones, which took place on Monday morning at her residence in New-road. Mrs Jones had been confined to her bed along time, and death seemed a release at he. old age. She WAS 70 years of age. and was well known in the district. The interment took place on Wednesday afternoon at the Lymm Parish Church, the carriers being her grand- children. Previous to the funeral. a service was held in her home, conducted by Rev It C Hutchinson and the Rev John Gunnell. Floral tributes were received from "Father and daughter," Mr and Mrs W F Mercer, Mr and Mrs A 13 Richardson, Mr and Mrs H Jones, Mr and Mrs A Jones, Mrs Livesley and family (Market Drayton), and the members of the Lymm Wesleyan Church. The funeral arrasgements were canted out by Messrs Bowen and Co. (Lymm). PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHERCII.—AORiVIMPAry sermons were preached en Sunday November 20 h morning and evening by Mr 5 G Cooper of Manchester. Mr Cooper who is a candidate for the Primitive Method dist ministry, created a favourable impression by his weighty and earnest discourses. During the evening service the Meek gave a beautiful rendering of Dudley Buck' setting of " Rock of Ages " the solo being effectitely taken by Miss M .1 Appleton. A quaint chorus with a tenor melody, My heavenly home " (Havens) was also nicely sung by the choir.—On Mon- day evening a large party not down to teats the schoolroom, which was tastefully laid out for the OCCABiOCI end made a pleasant picture. Later in the evening, Mr Frank Short, of Altrincham, the well. n traveller, gave a lantern lecture on" Rome and the early Christian Church," to an audience which completely filled the room and who followed his interesting remarks with the closest attention The chair was taken by Mr. G. L. Welford, supported by the Rev. It. W. B. Whitesay. After a vote of thanks to the lecturer, the Chairman paid a warm tribute to the ladies who had laboured so unstintingly for the success of the anniversary. The fiaanmal result, £47, establisded a aelv record in the history of the church. SR WILLIAM LEVER AND LYMM.—Speaking at the annual meeting of the River Weaver Trust on Thurs- day, Mr. C. H. Cox (chairman of the Solt Unien) appealed to the people of Cheshire and all those interested in the Weaver navigation to put their backs into the question of increasing and improving the navigation. It was a splendid waterway as turns it went, but it did not go far enough. It wanted extend- ing to the Potteries, and even perhaps to Birmingham, and if the County Council and the various councils would really take their courage in their hands he thought they would find it ta their interests to free the navigation of all tolls, and then they would have a magnificent waterway and would be on equal terms with the Continental nations and with America and Canada, where the watersayi were all free. They would then have new industries springing up, and the whole country would be prosperous There were other parts of Cheshire where there were certain to be very great developments. He alluded to Lymm—Sir William Lever's purchase—where it was common knowledge we were on the eve of great developments. There was brine there, and not even the panacea of a three-mile limit would help Mid-Cheshire there, for they had splendid railway facilities to the inland towns, and aove all things they had abundant access to the Manchester Ship Canal. LYMM COUNCIL.

Padgate. Datics.—On Monday evening a dance the Church of Erigland achcorroom in aid school funds. Mr. Wainwright was the accc...painist and Mr. Foulkes made an efficient M.C. There was only a small attendance. WESLEY OCILD.—The Annual Temperance Meeting of the Guild was held on Monday evening, Mr. W. H. Cottrell presiding. The address was by the Rev. William Reid of Warrington who at the outset of his remarks quoted some interesting and instructive statistics relative to the subject of Temperance, and then proceeded with a rpeech which another Speaker aptly described as " arrestingly graphic.' A very hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Reid. CHOIR SERMONS —At the Wesleyan Church on Sun- day last the annual services on behalf cf the Choir and Organ Fund were held. The morning service wan conducted by the Rev. E. Morgan who preached from the words 'After they had sung a hymn ; they went out to the Mount of Olives,', In the course of an eloquent sermon the preacher remarked that the man in the street did not appreciate metaphysics and instead says "Tell me a story," Show me a picture," Slug me a song.'" Speaking of the hymn book he said it "Lent wings to truth by the inspiration of poutry and music." Of hymns and their influence the rev, gentleman called them " Lyric versions of our beliefs ' and said "A song may reach him who , sermon flies." The anthem • Teach me 0 Lord" (Attwood) was rendered by the choir. Miss M. Appleton made her detut as a soloiat end surprised most of the congregation by the quality and richness of voice she possesses, and by her 81ml:esthetic render. inc of" 0 rest in tLe Lord." Miss Ada Armstrong (of Liverpool) contributed as a solo " As the hart pants," and in the evening she sang "Angels ever bright and fair."—At the evening service the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. John Gunnell who preached in his well-known careful, logical and convincing manner. The termon was bused upon the words " Rejoice in the Lord always " end in the course of it the preacher urged all to cultivate the habit of gladness and said that it was quite possible to rejoice always. The choir sang with their usual ability the chorus" how lovely are the messengers "(St. Paul). Miss Ward achieved distinction with her able render- ing of the dot:natio " Woe ! woe unto therm "(Elijah). Great credit (ads. to the conductor Mr. Levi Richard- son for the patient and painstaking efforts be is making to improve the choir and to bring out the latent talent of the members. The organist ;Mr. A. Dumbill) was unfortunately absent through illness. Capable substitutes were found in Messrs. Ward and Gandy and their services were much appreciated.

PADGATE WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

AN OFFER FOR THE LAKE AND WATERWORKS. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Urban District Council was held at the offices on Auraday evening. Mr P G Smith presided and others present were : Rev G B Thurston, Mears W G Groves, GI L WeHord, and H Warburton, S Davies, R H Gotobed, W Gould, Lockyer, J H Holt, W Mullard, clerk and collector, W L Donaldson (gas manager), D Mort (burveyor) and Dr de Jong (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19111202_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHARLES LAWS RECITAL-" A CHRISTMAS

CAROL" Parlgate folk had a great treat provided for them on Thursday evening and they did not fail to avail them- selvea of it. There was a crowded audience is the new tVesley Hall to hear Mr. Law, and the utmost apprecia- tion was manifested throughout. Tat of sermons and churches and chapels ! There never was a more beautiful sermon than that of the " Christmas Coral." Snored names do not necessarily mean sacred things. We could have wished that the beautiful and simple language of Dickens bad been trusted by Mr. Law to produce its effect upon his hearers without the adventitious aid of pianoforte accompaniment, whioh in our opinion only marred the pathetic utterances of the characters impersonated. We should have preferred also the descriptive passages to have been delivered in the dry, quiet, conversational style which serves to bring out the full flavour of the Dickensian humour rather than in the somewhat stilted end, at times, almost tragic: monotone adopted by Mr. Law. We think it is a mistake to distrust the effect upoh the audience of word pictures, such as Dickens gives us, and to supple- meat. them by restlem movements about the platform intended to convey the motion that the oharecter is actually before us. The element of intense, melodramatic straining after affect introduced into portion of the narrative by Mr. Law does not, in our opinion, accord with the whimsical nature of the subject matter. For instance, the humour is entirely lost in the description of the leaping up of the dying flame at the entrance of Marley's Ghost which produces a e3rt of chuckle " I know him—Marley's Ghost" by reason of the tragic rendering of it by Mr. Law. Mr. Law's mimetic powers are only in the rudimentary stage of development yet. Dhapite these defects, (as we are bound to consider them in view of such an ambitious attempt.) Mr. Law's recital was a really remarkable achievement. For an hour and a half he kept his audience in a state of thraldom. without a break or interval of any kind—a really wonderful exercise of memory and no slight test of physical endurance. When the conclusion was reached It was with evident regret that the large audience allowed him to withdraw, and he was most vociferously applauded until he returned to receive their renewed acknowledgements. The visit of Scrooge to his nephew's house oq Christmas Day and the scene in Old Joe's Rag Shop, were omitted in Mr. Law's recital and these very fine examples of characterisation were missed with regret by many. The Recital was preceded by a most enjoyable concert consisting of : part song " Killarney " rendered with taste and feeling by Mks S. Silcock, Mrs Cotterill Mr Levi Richardson and Mr M Dutton ; song, "Come into the garden Maud "by Mr Richardson sung with a good clear enunciation but too slowly and with hardly sufficient spirit we thought ; song " Orpheus and his lute" Miss Silcock. The music of this song received most adequate expression, but we could have wished Shakespeare's words to have been heard also, and we failed—or should we ray Miss Silcock failed—in this respect. It was redemanded by the audience, as ales was the part song "The Shamrock " sung :y the same quartet as before—the encore being given without an accompaniment which appeared to be an advantage rethc r than otherwise. Mr. Wilkes capably presided at the piano.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
tr enketh.

WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL—On Fridsy evening last week a grand cinematograph entertainment was given in the Weslepin School and proved to be a huge success, the schoolroom being packed to the doors. Mr. J. G. Withinshaw presided and without doubt the company was delighted with the pictures that were pat on the screen, arid kept up continuous laughter. Mr. Parkinscn, of Warrington, was the entertainer. At intervals Mr. W. Higham gave selections on the gramophone which were well received. The arrange- ments were in the hands of the Sunday School Com- mittee. The proceeds were in aid of the school funds THE FRIENDS' Et FIOOL —An interesting lantern lecture was given in the Lscture Hell at the Friends' Schol on Friday of last week at 7.39 p.m., end was much enjoyed.—The lecturer, Mr H Smith (who is working in connection with Dr. Barnado's Homes, described the different slides. The lecture was entitled " Through Canada," and was chiefly the experiences of the bcys and girls sent from the homes at different times to places in Canada—Mr W E Brown presided.— A hearty vote of thanks was given to the lecturer for the evening's enjoyment, proposed by Miss NI Moore- head, seconded by Master A Roberts. —Mr Robinson, the science master, manipulated the lantern.

WESLEYAN Cill:llCll.—The Foreign Missions ry Meetinga were held in connection with the above church on Sunday and Monday, the Rev. W. H. Soper of India, was the deputation. The rev. gentleman preached morning and evening on Smithy and proved to be a most powerful and interesting speaker. He also addressed the children in the Sunday school in the afternoon. The choir very creditably rendered an anthem morning end evening entitled" Send out Thy light." Mr. Clatworthy, jun., presided at the organ. The collections for both eervices which were for Foreign Missionary work were above tha average, the amount collected being £5 18e. On Monday evening a public meeting was held in the chapel. Mr C E Pinker, JP., ;resided supported by Revs W H Soper, J Cunnell and H Mildlewood. The opening hymn wan" Jesus Shall Reign," Mr Parker acting as organist. The Rev J Gunnell presented an excellent report for the year ending DacembEr 1910, the total amount collected being Eli 195 7d. The Rev W H Soper then delivered& roost interesting address. The collections for the public meeting amounted to £l26s 9d. Rev H Middlesvood proposed and Mr J G Withenshaw seconded the best thanks of the meeting to the chairman, Fpeakere and others who had worked to make the meeting a success.

Lanoutt PART V.—At the usual fortnightly meeting of the above on 'Thursday evening of last week, Coun- cillor Forshaw of St. Helens again paid the party a visit, and spuke of the necessity of working class representatives not only being in the House of Commons but also on local bodies. He said that the old idea that all the brains were in the heads of the wealthy had been exploded. In St. Helens their so-called business men had made so many mistakes in connection with Council business that at anvrate the working classes could not do worse. Coun- cillor Forshaw also dealt at considerabie length sir h the work of the Labour Representatives on the St. Helens Council, and instanced the fair wages clause, the minimum wage for Corporation workmen, the reduction of deputation expense!, the feeding of hungry schoolchildren, the alteration of the superannuation scheme for highly paid officials. as matters amongst others which had been fought for in season and out of season by the small band of Labour roeruherr, until eventually they bad been adopted. Labcur repre- sentation in St. Helens bad brought more swietness and justice into the lives of the people, and it could do the same in all localities. As yet,however,they had only just commenced to realise what could be done by having representation from the ranks of the toilers on local governing bodies but he hoped that in all districts they would take the matter or in earnest and use the power of local government to bring more I unsbine and happiness in the people's homer. After a general discussion Councillor Forabaw was warmly thanked for coming that night and speaking to them. Mr Gill was in the chair, a good number were present.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FINA

Mr. Lockyer (chairman of the Finance Committee) reported that the balance in the bank on the general account wss £l9O ha 6d and that after cheques had been paid that evening amounting to £257 7a 9d that would he a dellcit of £6O 163 3d. On the gas account the figures were, balance £B2B 14s and cheques £320 14s 4d balance £507 19s Bd.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
MAIN ROAD ESTIMATE.

At a meeting of the Honda Committee the Surveyor produced the main road estimate for ordinary repairs for the year 1912-13 amounting to £GI.7 10s. The estimates were approved. It was also decided that it be a recommendation to the Council that seven incandescent lights be fitted to certain lamps in tlei district the lamps to be selected , by a deputation of the Council. The minutes of the Town Planning Committee con- joined a resolution that the owners of cait, in ' properties be requested to carry out recommendations of the committee under the report of the Inspector.

THE LAKE ASD-AVATER,, oRK. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committe held on November oth further correspoidence was read from Sir William Lever as to the proposed purchase of the water works lake and land. After a long discussion it was proposed by Mr Welford and seconded by Mr (lobbed that the committee be anthorised to nob Sir William to give permission to the Council's expert to examine the state of the works and mains and that the Council also obtain Counsel's opinion on the question of the Council's responsi bility if it became the owner of the land including the footpath and the lake and used the lake for revenue purposes. As an amend- ment it was proposed by Mr Holt seconded by the Rev 0 IS Thurston, that before proceeding further the Clerk approach Sir William Lever by letter to see if he was prepared to reduce the price, otherwise the Council could not consider the present offer.—On the amendment beiug put, Messrs Holt, Groves, Davies,

Warburton, Gould, Lockyer, and the Rev 0 B Thurston voted for the same against Median Welford, Gotobed, and Bmith.—On the resolution being put, :Beasts Welford, Gotobed and Sm;th voted for the same against Messrs Holt, Grover Davies, Warburton, Gould, Lockyer, the Rector, the Rev G B Thuraton.—The Chairman declared the amendment carried.

At the meeting on Thursday a letter was read from Sir William in reply to the above correepondence, asking the council to propose a definite offer, and thst after due consideration it was proposed by Mr. Groves, seconded by Mr. Gould, that it be recommended to the council to offer £20,000 for the purchase of the Water Woike lake and land. The resolution was carried, three members, Mears Smith, Welford end Gotobed, abstained from voting.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Great Sankey.

ST. MARI'S CIILTRCR SOCISTI'.--In connection with the above the annual whist drive and dance wan held on Friday last November 24th in the Sankt- j Schools. As this event is looked forward to with interest it was not surprising that a oompany of over 100 were present As usual the room was tastefully decorated and the floor in splendid condition. The music for dancing was supplied by Ray Bros. end was quite up to its usual style. The catering was in the hands of Mrs. F. aisles and other ladies. The proceedings commenced at 8 p.m. and the company dispersed at 1.30 p.m, after having thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The prize %sinners were as follows :—Lsdies : 1, Miss Baines . • 2, bliss W Bardsley. Consolation : Mrs James Ray, jun. Gentlemen : 1, Mr Geo. Parker ;2, Mr J W Wastoidge. Consolation : J Ainsworth. The M.C.'s for dancing were Messrs T Darlington and It Ray. 111.C.e for whist Mrs James Ray, jun. Fearnhead.

RInGEV INDF.PENDRNT METIIODImT CHURCIE—A Sale of work was held in the schoolroom in connection with the above place of worship on Saturday last. The sale was opened by four girls, the Misses U Hughes, E Monks, E Bold, and J Cook, who performed the ceremony with good taste end dignity. Each one gave a little speech, which brought forth praise. Mr It Bold occupied the chair, and in the course of his remarks said the Church members were detirour of wiping oft a portion of the debt this 3esr, and it was with that object in view that this sale was being held. The stalls were tastefully arranged and very attractive, Mesdames C H Harrison, .1 Higher°, Joseph Monks, It Bold bring responsible for the drapery stalls ; Mine Ashton had charge of the Pound Stall ; Mrs William Hughes, jun., assisted by Mis T Cook, Jos. Hughes, Miss A Smith and Miss M hill. The Girls' Stall was very well managed by the Misses 0 Hughes, E Monks, J Cook, E Bold, and A Houghton, and proved a great success. Various competitions were on during the sale,and much fun was enjoyed, especially in the ladies null driving competition, the wrong nail getting the blow. A good number of people gathered, and the isle was a success, the sum realised being .E 2.1 3s.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

Tilt Vi' Ale, LANTERN LIN. ITRE.—Contioning the account of his nine weeks' visit to India, the Vicar (Rev. J. Collins) gave another most interesting lecture In the Church Room on Monday evening. The most striking part of the lecture related to Delhi, the Vicar giving descriptions of the Cashmir Gate and the Garrison Church, the former of which hears consider- able evidence of the Mutiny of 11137. Ily chance the Sunday happened to be 'Missionary Sunday, end thin gave the Vicar the opportunity of achieving one of the principal objects for which his Visit to India was made, namely, to see for himself the work that is being done there by the Church. His descriptions of the work of the tambridge Mission and the S.P.G., the services at the Harrison Church, w ill their large congregations, and vieits ts the Mission College and the various schools, and the subjects taught therein, proved very interesting. Visits to several English schools, and to the great Mosioe, which is supposed to be the largest place of worship iii the world, with its two minarets, 130 ft. high, its three marble domes, three gateways and four angle towers, were fully described and illustrated by interesting views. A few hours spent in Cassupore auflthed for a visit to the beautiful building known on the Well, where victims of the massacre at the time of the Mutiny were buried. Lucknow being the Vicar's destination end the place of residence of his sister, this city—with its domestic architecture, its well-wooded roads, and the habits and customs of the natives—had claimed the lecturer's special attention, and was Hies- Dated by a number of views of his own taking, but owing to the lsteness of the hour, the descriptions were necessarily somewhat brief. The lantern was manipulated by 31r. B. Owen acting for Mr. J. V. Moore During the evening songs were tastefully rendered by Mica Berths Robertson, who possesses a pleasing contralto voice. She contributed an Indian sung," Kashmiri." for which she was recalled, and another entitled " Till death." Miss Maggie Sutton accompanied.—At the close of the proceedings a vote of thinks was accorded to the Vicar, on the proposition of Mr. J. Hallows, seconded by Mr. C. K. Potts. ST. THOM As' BAND OF HOPE.—A special meeting of §t. Thomas' Band of hope was held on Tuesday even- ing in the parish romp, the chair being taken by the Vicar. A very interesting programme was gone M through. i' ss Heath recited Curfew shall not ring to-eight "sad "Poverty Corner " which were well received as was also one by Mre Whiteman The little choir Boy." " What of Wealth" was very nicely recited by Miss Hudson. The action song "Our Tea- perty " was well given and did credit to Miss Hallows who had trained the children. Mr. Stsonard, the secre- tary thanked all who had taken put, especially Mr. Whiteman who had rgot up the sketch, " What the pledge did' and the way it was given was a fitting close to a very successful meeting.

Orford. OLD BOYS' ASSOCIATION.

The ninth annual dinner in connection with this association was held In Orford schools on Friday of last week. Over .10 old boys assembled, under the presidency of the schoolmaster, Mr. J. Cann. The catering of Messrs. Atkinson's, Ltd , gave great satisfaction. After dinner the annual general meeting of the association was held. Mr. Cann wrs unanimousl; re-elected president ; Councillor Steel, lion. treasurer ; Mr T Reddish, hon. secretary. The following merhbers were appointed to the Committee to-Messrs It Andrews, W J Woods, Thomas Attwell, G H Warburton Steel, Cieorge Higham, J Gilbert, Water Posey, Ceorge Bali, C B Woods, II Ci Williams, Thomas Willian s, and John 11 Whitham. A toast list and musical programme was afterwards gone through. The President euhmitted the toast of the "King, Queen. Queen Mother and the Royal Family,"and Mr T Reddish sang the National Anthem. "The Army, Navy,and Aimiliar7 Force," was proposed by Mr J H Whitham, and ' The Past and Prevent Managers" by Mr C Woods. The toast of " The Old Boys "wan submitted by Mr R 0 Brandreth and res- ponded to by Mr T Reddish. Councillor Steel proposed the toast of "The President," snd said that, although they might not always realize the fact that their lives were continually influencing and moulding the lives of children, it was nevertheless perfectly true The position of a schoolmaster was adi ficult one. He bad always to be most careful what he did and what he said in the presence of children. He should no regulate his life that it would be the influencing power in the moulding of the character of the children who came under his cue. Those qualities they all knew Mr. Cann possessed, and he hoped he wculd continue to be their president for many years. (Applause.) " The Present Scholars "was proposed by Mr W Povey and responded to by Mr G Highana. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr Atkinson who, in responding, commended the reunion of old scholars, and thought it would to a very good thing for the country if the movement was taken op in other parts. It was decided to hold the Old Boy's' service in Orford Church, era Alvent Sunday evening, the members to assemble as usual at the school at nix o'clock, and walk in procession to the church. It was announced that the preacher would le the Rev. Horace Gray, of Warrington Gram oar School. Mr J Swintou made a strong appeal on behalf of the Church building fund. He said there were several achen.es for raising the money, which was now abont .£99, and they wished to have it paid off before Easter. Mr. R. Amite vs said he was greatly in sympathy with Mr. Swinton's appeal and he thought they might do something. Personally he WAS u Wing to do his share, and when they had got £9l if they would come to him he would clear the balance off. (Applause.) An enjoy- able programme tad been arranged by Mr Attwell. Mr 3 Sephton pleased the compsny with his floe rendering of " The Veteran" and ' Good Company," for which he was recalled, responding with "Alice, where art thou." Mr W Dutton's voice was heard to perfection In" The Bandolero " and " Tom o' Devon.' Mr T Atwell was loudly applauded for his two songs "Thom " and " Down in the deep." hi . Sephton and Dutton gave a good rendering of "The battle eve." Mr W Sutton kept he company in a good humour with his parody on" Yip-i-addy,"" You can't Memo me for that,"" Little by little," &s.,being repeatedly recalled -Mr T A Inc. acted as accompanist. ttaytet

===== 0002601_19111202_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Washing Wears Away Clothes

faster than ordinary use. That is, washing in the old way —rubbing and scrubbing. Try this plan—rub the clothes with Fels-Naptha and then let them soak for half an hour in cold or lukewarm water. In that half- hour the Fels-Naptha will loosen the dirt more than all your scrub- bing. Then rinse in cold water with just a little rub to get out the loosened dirt.

That doesn't wear away the clothes, does it ?

But it makes them whiter and sweeter than the old way.

\ Fels-Naptha 39 Wiliop street London IL C

===== 0002601_19111202_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Hatton.

DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.—One of the oldest inhabitants of 'tattoo passed away on Wednesday in the person of Mr. George Dean in his Filth 3ear. A quiet, unassuming man, he was greatly respected in the neighbourhood where for a large number of years he carried on the occupation of a farmer. A few years ago he had an accident while engaged in cutting wood, hurt- ing one of bin legs, which never got better and latterly confined hint to his bed. This no doubt hastened his end. Mr. Dean was for a long number of /eats a Recbabite.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Winwick.

PRESENTATION TO Mn. GEOR,E GIBSON.—The first social, which was a great sums', in connection with the Winwick Manch of the National Asylum Workers Union, was held in the schoolroom on Thursday night. The primary object was the presentation to Mr. George Gtbarin, secretary of the IVinwick Branch. for services as Orgsvizing Secretary previous to the Rev. Mr. Bankhart taking it over. Mr. It. Hambleton occupied the chair. A telegram from Lord Wolmer was rend to the effect that his parliamentary duties would not allow him to be present with ahem. A telegram from the Prestwich Institute was also read, wishing them success. There was a good attendance, when the chairman asked the Rev. Mr. Proudfoot to make the presen- tation, which consisted of a gold watch, a solid gold albert, and an illuminated address. —On Mr Gibson rising to reply, he was received with cheers, and the audience sang "He's a jolly good fellow." He said that he could not find language to express his thanks, not for the intrinsic Talus of the presents, but for the friendship for which they stood. A long programme of dances was gone through, inter- spersed by selections by the Orpheus Glee Society. Mr. F. Richmond conducted the hand which played for dancing. The company dispersed with " Auld Lang Syne," and tho National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

RECREATIve SOcIETY.—A social and dunce promoted by the members of this society was held in the New- church achoolroom on Saturday evening last. Ihe dance was in every way a huge success, and all who attended it were thoroughly satisfied. Refreshments were provided durin..e the evening at moderate charges. Mr J. Orme and Mr Fl Gould played for dancing, and Mr 1' Clare acted as M.C. The proceeds were in aid of the Society. INDEraNDENT METRODISTS.—A tea party concert was held in the schoolroom in connection with this place on Saturday evening hat the proceeds being in aid of the proposed new Sunday school. Owing to the united Snorts of the Sunday school workers a splendid tea had been prepared and ample justice was done to the good things provided by tho large number of persons who sat down to tea. After tea a concert was held at which several of the leading local " stars " displayed their powers providing an interesting and amusing entertain- ment to an appreciative audience. Songs were sung by the Misses C Barton end N Runcorn, Messrs J it Fletcher and W Kenyon, and a violin solo was also given by Mr H Overton. Mr B Barton created much amusement with his Lancashire reading, and Mr Evans was else very successful in his dramatic recital Mr H Griffiths of Manchester, was the accompanist. The proceeds realized abont £3 103. 6d.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

LORD WOLMER AND THE LABOUR PARTY.

MR. J. A. SEDDON S REPLY. Mr. J. A. Seddon (prospective Labour candidate for the Newton Division) replied at Earlestown on Satur- day night to a recent speech by Lord Wolmer attacking the Labour party. Lord Wolmer had said that the Labour party had pocketed their £4OO salaries, and had also swallowed the insult of having the bill dropped in reference to the Osborne decision. That, raid Mr. Seddon, was not true. The Labour party had refused the bill, and the Government had other work to do. The Labour party were the minority, and if they had fought for all they were worth, they could not have got their bill intro- duced. They did not allow the bill to be dropped, but refused to have it, and there was a lot of difference between the two. For Lord Wohner to any that they were more interested in the £4OO was to make an unwarrantable assertion, proving that he would insult his opponents to make a party point. Lord Wolmer had said they were like tame cats, and that so satisfied were the Labour party with the Libersl Government that they had become part and parcel of that party. Mr. Seddon pointed out that the Labour party strongly opposed the Government on the attitude of the railway companies towards the railway servants. That according to Lord Wolmer, was a sham fight. Lord Wolmer's plea was " Put out the Liberals, and pot us in, and then you will have real fighting men." But they had eomething better than that. 'the Labour party might have made mistakes, but they were the party to decide the best policy, and, if the Labour party did support Government proposals, it was no concern of Lord Wolmer. The Labour party stood as an tndependment party. They were in to get what they could from Liberal or Tory, and as long as they did that, there could be no charge against them that they were not prepared to fight when a labour question came along. (Applause.)

SYMPATHY FOR GERMANY.

LORD NEWTON AND THE RECENT CRISIS.

In the course of • debate on our foreign policy in the House of Lords on Tuesday, Lord Newton (C) said if there was anybody who had drawn any hopeful conclu- sions from these debates he was of a more hopeful and sanguine disposition than he (Lord Newton) was. The outstanding fact sills that in a dispute between France end Germany we bad been compelled to intervene n the part of France. We had, therefore, been instru- mental in preventing the Germans from obtaining what they desired to obtain. That being no and human nature being what it was, there did not seem to be much hope for the belief that the result of these events would cause any better feeling between this country and Germany than had hitherto existed. If an 3 body built hopes on that supposition he was afraid they would be woefully die- appointbd. Everybody must admit that the initial fault rested with the French Government, whose infractions of the limits imposed by the Algeciras Act culminated in the expedition. After that expedition has taken place, German intervention of some kind bad become a certain ty.Then the British Government thought they ought to do something, and Mr. Lloyd George was put up, or pet himself up, to deliver a speech addressed to the German natien. It was a singular fact that this emotional politician, whom so many people would insist in regarding es a statesman, and who had spent the greater part of his political career in denouncing naval and military expenditure, should be the person selected to make a speech which conveyed the impression to the bulk of his fellow-countrymen that we were on the brink of war. Ha could quite understand the German Government cc any government resenting being lectured by Mr. Lloyd George. Surely if a warn- ing were really necessary, the natural and obvious course was that it should be addressei by the Foreign Secretary or the Prime Minister, and in the House of Commons. Such a speech made by a politician of the aggressive type of Mr. Lloyd George was bound to pro- duce a disastrous effect so far es the relations of the two countaies were concerned. If the Government regretted that unnecessary ill-feeling had been aroused between this country and Germany, they had only them- selves to thank for selecting an inflammatory orator of this description to enunciate their policy.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

POINTS SPIKED AT FIAYDOCK.

- As a train, consisting of forty-seven loaded coal waggons and two empty waggons, was proceeding on Saturday in the direction of Oldford Siding, along which is Messrs. R. Evans and Co.'s private line, with the fireman on the front waggon and the brakesman on the buffer of the fifth, the train jumped the metals, several waggons being overturned. The first waggon kept the mils, fortunately for the person who was ' riding on it at the moment, but he received a severe shaking. On examination of the points it was found that they had been spiked open by pieces of stone. and the points further down the line had been treated in a similar manner. The L. and N.-W. signal had been polled down and fixed at " clear," which meant that any train passing was at liberty to proceed. The company have offered a reward of En for the discovery and conviction of the culprit or cutprita guilty of this terrible offence.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SUNDAY TRADING,

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday Catherine Tickle, William Gallagher, William Taylor, William Edward Evans, Edward Johnson. Church-street ; Edward Johnson, Surrey-street ; Alfred liorrocks and Joseph Henderson were each fined ss. for Sunday trading.—Horrocks pointed out that a motor van belonging ton Liverpool firm came over the Transporter Bridge on Sunday to deliver goods in Runcorn —quite possibl to some of those people who were resporsible for bringing prosecutions against local shopkeepers.— Henderson said the magistrates themselves were Sun- day traders, who should be " in the dock "an well as the shopkeepers. In the car: ,3f John Htzworth. Percival-bine. aliese first appearance it was, a fit.e of to. was imposed.

When we travel we all try to leave troubles behind, but aches and pains are apt to make themselves felt wherever we go, spoiling all enjoyment. Those Home Companions - Holloway's Pills and Oint- ment --should also be Travelling Companions--- Remember! Holloway's Pills—the Pills which give strength- make you " Fit" and Well. Holloway's Ointment the Ointment that soothes and heals.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS cure Constipation, Indiges- tion, Biliousness, Dizziness, and Sick-Headache, so frequently induced by change of air and other attendant conditions Holloway's Pills will be found a sure and safe remedy. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT cures Cuts, Bruises, Abrasions, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, Sprains and Strains, and quickly relieves Colds, Coughs, and affections of the Chest and Lungs.

QUOW • I I vinszcialfivd

===== 0002601_19111202_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10.4.4a4.6

===== 0002601_19111202_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
.... ' • PEER I p Or, MARINO TOO CABINOT. S 1•11}, GREAT NEW CAR!) GAME THE LONG EVENINGS. Ilarnoroua Political Caricatures of our pre.. I al,' ma of Parliament arranged in, Gam, f d Vanag and Old. Nat Free, P. 0,. 4ls. 3d. POILIIIRMSII 55 Count, Road. Liverpool -....—.

Card In I-,11 e ad, Nasal Catarrh, Influenza,

DR. PALMER'S PEROLINE.

bld li. THE PEROLINE MEDICINE CO . 116 Gros Road, Tunbridge Wei...

To CLEAN CREASE

From CAS OVENS or KITCHENERS TAY .KLICENOFF: .

It saves all labour and scouring a cheap and effective. Ask your Ironmonger or Gas Concern for a. Price 6d. per large tin, or send 4d. Us stamps for sample to—

The XLISMIOI7 S Cirooil;o1 lans, Losdoa. Z. C.

HANDKERCHIEF FREE forpotter, •i• • -. Hartley, 124 Warwick St., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
j

ii

===== 0002601_19111202_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
e„ tre to the ' EDITOR‘

F: TO CORRESPON I ,ENTS. faisfixt xs.—We shall bare room fur your letter nest week.—ED." Ex."

===== 0002601_19111202_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL PARLIAMENTARY CANDIDATES.

-- Sta.—With the past lisastrous experience of losing two Liberal seats. namely. Oldham and South Somerset, through the mistaken policy of springing utter strangers as candi- dates upon these constituencies against Tories who have lic.en known to the voters for some time, it looks as though the Liberal party are working elections and putting up candidates in a new faugled fashion, which is tending to disgust many sound Liberals like myself. I come in contact with various classes of people in awl around Altrincham Parliamentary Division, both Liberals and Tories, who think there is an awfnl amount of apathy shown since the December election of 1910, and no signs of any Liberal candidate so far. To my mind it will be a great mistake to have any other than a sound business man,' rigidly excluding all lawyers, as too many are already "in the House." It is therefore to be hoped there will be a" waking up" of Liberal officials and a first-class prospective candidate brought before the electors, as who knows when an election may be sprung upon 115. Trusting this matter will lie taken up in the proper quarters and sonic announcement speedily made.—l remain. sir. yours truly, FOREWARNED. Statham, Lyman.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SWEDENBORGIANS.

nOtA`it your 1,-.111• 01 Saturday an " Old Journalist " Collllllentti on my reply to his question relating to Swedenborg's re- ference to Louis XIV., George U., David and Paul. 3 cannot say I find his comment quite so fair as his first reference. He Saws that, whether or not the work in which Swedenborg makes the statement he questioned was intended for publication seems to him beside the question. Surely as a journalist he must recognise the difference between a published work, seen through the press by its author, and unpublished memoranda, and see that it is not at all fair to make the latter the criterion and standard of tint cornier, as in the case of Swedenborg numerous writings, your contributor seems to wish, ant/ to wish your readers, to do. To so treat the published writ ings of a man whom he acknowledges to be "entitled to rank among the greatest figures in history," and to be a man " of transparent sincerity and character atsoluteiy irreproachable. HS well as of rare intellectual ability and extraordinary scholarly attainments." especially when that inan of transparent sincerity and irreproach- able character solemnly declares of those pub- lished WlitillgS—" I have never received any- thing appertaining to the doctrines of that Church—Le., the New Church—from any angel, but from the Lord alone, whilst I was reading the Word "—seems to me anything lint fair. I begin to suspect a " red herring," and to doubt whether my courteous interro- gator knows as much of those published writings as I at first credited him with doing. If he did I cannot think he would so cavalierly dismiss the statement of the learned Professor Bush. who certainly did know of what he was speaking. He would also know that the question as to whether the spirits seen by Swendenborg were those of David and Paul, or were impersonating spirits, is a matter of importance, which cannot be dismissed with- out due consideration by the open and candid mind. I do not at all understand what my ques- tioner means by Mr. Claxton and other N.C. ministers being " loth to let 'go the Diary." We do not need to let it go. We simply ask that it may be correctly understood. ap- praised, and correlated to the published works. Your contrihntor may have no use for the "religions system " of the New Church, but at least he will admit he should understand before he dismisses or condemns. I reaffirm, despite his assertion as to his own belief, that no one knows the final state of Paul, and that Swedenborg nowhere states that the Saviour has " everlastingly condemned his faithful servant Paul." Further, let us deal with facts, not speculations. What is there in the " religious system " itself to which your con- tributor objects.? Asking him and your readers in common fairness to ascertain this before they reject what I believe, after long study and investigation, to be truths revealed to the world by the Lord at his Second Coming, and thanking you for enabling me to present the other side of the question.— Believe me, yours sincerely.

W. H. XTON. Great Lever, Bolton. November 28th, 1911

===== 0002601_19111202_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
COES INDUSTRIAL EFFICIENCY BENEFIT THE WORKERS

t1it71e;;;;.‘:)7.7 Labour Omnia Vincit " in your last week's issue comment- ing on my article on Industrial Efficiency lie saya—" I can hardly think Mr. Parker believes that more efficiency means more wages for the worker," and he makes the assertion—a very serimis one if correct—. jf 1 there is one thing the worker dreads it is more efficiency in production, which," he affirms, "means the discharging of men from their employment." This is exactly the ground your correspon- dbnt took up with me two years ago, and it is a pity we should have to retread it. His contention then was, that putting aside the moral and social aspects of intemperance, sobriety amongst the workers would increase unemployment. His words were "instead of temperance reducing unemployment it would increase it," and after quoting Brassey's well known labour experiment on the Great Western Railway, says " that proves clearly then that if teetotalism is adopted we shall have another Li per cent, added to the already 9 per cent, of unemployed." This is logical' if it is true, as he now says that efficiency produces unemployment, then, of course, inefficiency must produce employment. "Labour Oninia Vincit " has therefore made no advance in the two years. I wish I could get him to take a more comprehensive and clearer view of industrial causes and effects. Be sees some industry in which machines are introduced, a certain number of workmen dis- charged. and from this little local back water, this small eddy in the stream of effects flowing from efficiency, he jumps to the con- clusion that efficiency is bad, the working classes should' dread efficiency, and do all they can to make labour less effective. Why cannot "L. 0. V." lift his eyes from the little inlet that fills and limits his vision, and look at the bread flowing tide fraught with good to all? He is like the fish .in this back water, who, could they speak and reason, would affirm that the tide is ebbing because of the direction of the eddy in which they swim. Of course this leaves an opening for our friend to say,..if so lie pleases, that what concerns himself, or some fellow workmen with whom.he is associated. is not the bene- ficent flow of the rising tide, but the effect of the tantalising little back water which has affected them. But this is not the attitude we should expect from one who disinterestedly seeks the betterment of the workers as a whole. All nature is full of sacrifices of the unit for the sake of the whole. The beneficent sunshine at times scorches the grass, the puri- fying wind occasionally levels the sapling as well as the giant oak, but no one would abolish the sun or the wind because their effects are not universally beneficial. And 80 with efficiency, its general effect is to in- crease the reward of labour, but it may disturb labour conditions in a circumscribed area. But I am disposed to think the complaint • about more efficient bibour seriously &solar. log labour is a good deal exaggerated. I

have been engaged in association v itit thousands of workers in industrial develop- ments for the last thirty years, and our con- stant effort has been to increase the inefficiency of labour by the, aid of machinery and in other ways, and I have never had occasion to dismiss any man on account of this increased efficiency. Instead it has resulted in greater demand, and' therefore more employment. If your correspondent will take the figures of employment in those industries in which in- creased efficiency has bad fullest play he will find these are they in which, not only the number of persons employed have increased most, but the wages also.

The fear o. efficiency rests upon the idea that there is a fixed demand for -labour in the world. and a whole superstructure of loo,:e thought is built upon this unwarranted assumption. But we must carry the matter a step further, and if possible make clear by illustration how efficiency creates conditions of well being, and calls into operation labour to produce it. Take the harnessing of the electric current, and the efficiency that has been developed in quite recent years. Tram cars are ono outcome of this efficiency. Here we have quite a group .of new forms of employment capable of absorbing the labour which may have been displaced at points where it had ceased to be efficient. The build. ing of the cars, making of the rails. laying of same, production of electricity, driving of duo cars, the upkeep of the whole are cases in point. For a penny, or a halfpenny, a worker can be carried with comfort and rapidity over a mile to and from his work. Follow this out in a hundred instances and observe the in- creased capacity of money wages to purchase well being. "L. 0. V.“ cannot get beyond the number of coins in his pay box, forgettng that efficiency increased the power of those coins in securing what he desires, and it is in this way that efficiency increases the re- ward of labour. But "L. 0. V." keeps his eyes on the coins, and expects that the result of increased efficiency, say in the work: in which he is engaged, will result in more coins in the pay box. but how can this be so except to a very limited extent? If any depart- ment of industry becomes more efficient the invariable rule (except in the case of a monopoly) is to reduce the selling price of the article with a view to increase the output. This increases employment, butt at the same time it hands over the benefit of the efficiency to the consumer, increasing the real wages of everyone using the article. This is how efficiency increases wages—teal wages. The wage earner then being able to say, say. with ninepence what he formerly bought for one shilling. has a spare threepence to spend in satisfying some new want which, of course, calls forth additional labour to produce the article at threepence. . .

I am aware there are factors which affect exchange values, such as the supply of gold, the variations of nature producing irregu- larities in harvests, &c. These have their influence, but outside these efficiency benefits labour in direct proportion to the saving it effects. The only exception I can think of to this rule is the operation of a monopoly by which the monopolist may he able to garner the result of efficiency, and so withhold it, at any rate partially, from the general body of workers.

CHARLES E. PARKER Penlied). November 28, 1911.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t!L

ii

ir--

===== 0002601_19111202_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
L. - ----- -------

THE EVENING SCHOOLS-MORE CRITICISM.

Snt.—l read with interest the letter front

" A Rejected Student in your last week's issue relating to the organisation of the evening classes, and must say that I am entirely in sympathy with the points he menr tions. It is, I think, about time that the students, mho are the principal supporters of evening classes, and also the persons most concerned in them and their management, bad at least a voice in the matter of subjects. The course system, which compels a student to take a course of study covering three evenings per week at least, may be all right for the younger sttindents entering the schools to enable them to get a good groundwork for the first year or two, but when students enter upon their fourth and fifth years they might at least be allowed to specialise a little in their own particular line, for after all they know best what their individual requirements may be, and not be compelled to take one or two subjects which are useless to them. To quote a case in point :—An acquaintance of mine entered a certain profession; he also took up courses, of study at the evening classes. One of the subjects in the course he took was the same work upon which he was engaged all day long. For the first two years he did not complain, but when he reached the third year's course he asked to be allowed to take another subject in place of the one which, through doing similar work all day, he could practically "do with his eyes shut." This he was not allowed to do, and as a con- sequence when attending this particular class he got through the work in about one quarter of the time allowed, and practically wasted the rest of the evening. The class, from a learning point of view, was absolutely useless to him. He had simply to go to fill in the time. There is a rule in the syllabus that a student wishing to study part of a course may do so with the consent of the principal and the Director of Edncation, and on payment of a sum of Vis. This 1,35. is just double the amount charged for a course of three or four subjects, and for the convenience of studying one out of, say, three subjects he must pay just double the amount he could take the whole three for. Does not this sound absurd on the face of it? And this besides going through numerous interviews and cross. examinations. If only the students were considered a little more, and, as your corre- spondent says, the course system abolished, there would be, I think, less students drop- ping out just at the point they ought to continue, and a great deal more satisfaction to everyone concerned.—! am, Yours, &c.,

J. T. Warrington, November 29th, 1911.

Stn.-1 am glad to see that some one has at last called attention to the farcical course system. " Rejected Student" is not the only one who has met with harsh treatment at the hands of the education authorities. Some time ago I wished to take one sub- ject—i.e., machine construction. In the syllabus it is stated that any student desirous of taking one or more subjects may do so, and when I applied for admission I was told I must take the whole course or not at all. Then I was met with the retort, "We have already got one hundred students to take the full course, and we can do very well without your sort. If you want to make a speech you had better pass on to the next building." Splendid encouragement for an intending student! How can students take a course of three or four subjects besides home work and follow his employment for nine or ten hours every day P—Yours . _

Congratulations are the due of both the Corporation and the Museum Committee on having acquired the above picture by Sir Luke Fildes, R.A., which was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1872 and went a long wry towards establishing the artist in that great reputation which makes Warrington proud to call him her son. It bteatne known that the picture was to be on sale at Christie's, and Councillor Thomas Birtles was deputed by the Museum Committee, who, with the Town Clerk, are commendably energetic in this particular sphere of action, to attend Christie's saleroom with the object of purchasing the picture. It was a treasure, from a Warrington point of view, in more ways than one, for Luke Fildes is a former student of the Warrington School of Art, and a special effort was warranted to make such a substantial addition to our rapidly-growing collection of pictures by local artists. Councillor Birtles attended the sale in London and was fortunate in being able to secure the picture for the very reasonable sum of 280 guineas. It is worth probably three times as much and only its size (96 inches by 54 inches) and its obvious suitability for a public gallery, kept the bidding very quiet. Owing to the fact that the Museum Committee has no great financial resources, a guarantee to help in acquiring the picture for the town was very kindly given by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., and this made the way easy for the purchase on behalf of the Corporation. _

'We have had an opportunity of seeing "Fair Quiet and Sweet Rest" in the studio of Mr. Birtles, prior to its early removal to the Art Gallery in Bold-street, and can 53y at once that it is a fine example of Fildes' work, full of sylvan beauty, soft sweet charm, delicacy, yet warmth of colouring. It should prove a great incentive to Warrington art students, and inspire them with the hope of some day reaching the loftiest heights in a noble calling. Since securing the picture Mr. Birtles has had a letter from Sir Luke Fiides expressing his gratification at the fact that it has been secured for the Warrington Art Gallery at a price which he calls "remarkably cheap." He offers to personally superintend the cleaning of the canvas if required, but, as it happens, the picture has recently been cleaned, and only requires glazing preparatory to being hung on Warrington walls.

may be free to join and feel sure of finding congenial comradeship amongst its members. CathAicity should be a cardinal feature in such a society. Far to it from mc 10 demur to the lion urable prefeirc3 Fiven. to the lerdin spii it in

this movem;nt. Mr. Caw is entitled t aistmcion. I would note, however, ihat it is on record that I advocated the foimat;on t..f a Shakesperenn Society &fore the Macbeth"" per f.rmsnce took placeand that I was then aLd an n ,tv williny: t ) cc-operate in any movement that is likely to conduce to a wider appreciation of Shakespeare's works, without a thought of self glory. Le,t it should be th ught therekre that my expression of dismtisfaction with the Society's pro- gramme proceeded front any other than the sircere desire to strengthen and widen its operations, I am accepting Mr. Rossiter's invitation to become a member of the S.,ciety and urge others to do likewise in the hope that it may be possih e to induce the governing body to undertake more varied and eff-ctive mehols of study than those at present prormserl.—Yon-s ALFRED PERRIS.

. .. 07 ; ' ~, „.„,, 4, 44 ~................... .i, ...-..,-,•„„A•wir100.911,ki,11e........••••1111... .. , •,, ''; .1, , . • • ... . • V ,--:gt..."• , •••• , . i • 1 ~ ...„. , " i , , • • I $ . i It I t 4 "7.P.• -.:..,- :... , .. vt,, , , Ilk • A ' ii 'r,' . ," ' • ' 1 1 . 4$ I .."tt * ... • , I tP, x ,1 I s I , ' - , . ,• 7. i '''''.'lll*•,, 1 s V •il .. • • , ,,. ''' . 1..7., ••,"•.-- , ~ S •• 11 ~ ' ....• ._ . .14', •Or. 1111. '. ' I ,s ` I # ikkk, 1. 44'ftl.'"44P1*', -- ' , • 1'r.""t,.....".....- - '-. -,,-,--- ~ . - ' •At :1,,, A.N• { • ' .s' lar'' C * '• • . 1.. ' ' • •4 * "Is • • wail{ : , .... - . -,--.............-. - —* I

E PICTURE BY SIR LUKE FILDES, P.A., "FAIR QUIET AND SWEET REST," PURCHASED FOR THE WARRINGTON ART GALLERY.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER 'REJECTED STUDENT. November 30th.

Sir.—Your correspondent " Rejected Student," in your hat issue raises a question of great importance to technical students, and one which is of public interest as affecting industrial efficiency. The "curse ' system under which technical education is organised in some centres—including Warrington - certainly has advantages as applied to the class of young students on the threshold of a busi- ness career, and desirous of following up an elementary training towards the special line in which farther efforts are to be directed. Therefore, should he be specialising in chemistry, he may study that subject at the school on the understanding that classes in mathematics, phy.ics, etc., as the case may be, will slso be attended. Such an arrangement may be good for the student, bat eems to be also designed with an eye to " results," the unsatisfactory and inefficient standard by which the work of the schools will be judged. Nevertheless a large number of candidates remain nocatered for.

There are those persons who have been engaged in business for some years and find a need for some special theoretical or technical instruction to assist them in their daily work ; also those students who having specialised in a particular branch and passed through the prescribed courses. are competent and desire facilities to continue their work on the lines of original research.

A concerti, example may illustrate the position regarding practical students (with limited tune at their dispossl) requiring technical Matt tactic° in one subject. &me years ago • class was provided in \Carrington in Iron and Steel Manufacture, al o in Metallurgy, both very necessary subjects in such an important iron and steel centre. Time classes were abandoned— apparently through lack of students. Further investigation, however, would indicate that the classes were—on the one hand —victim' to the course system as prospective students were either unable or unwilling to take up the other subjects forming the course, and on the other hand to the over economical action of the authority in the matter of equipment. . . . . . . .

. . Then there is the case of the stadent who having completed the set courses in his particular line and possessing initiative desires to continue his studies in the way of original research. He finds that, possess- ing no further value to the school from tho pint of view of" results "no facilities are afforded him and he is comyelled to go out of town with considerable loss of time and with additional expense, otherwise he must give up the work unless he is sufficiently fcrtu. nate to have opportunities afforded for such work from other sources.

In any case it is evident that the present course system does not adequately provide for a large num- ber of deeil able students in more than one branch of industry and while showing good results on paper, is unable to give to the practical student the amount of assistance and encouragement which under somewhat modified conditions would be available.

I may be wrong in the view I take of the main purpose of the Technical Institute, but have always imagined the yrovision of facilities for maintain- ing efficiency in the staple industries of the town to be of greater importance than running the concern with a view to grants and the results of examinations.— Yews &c.,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
H. SHERSURN, RotherwcAStockton Heath, Warrington, November 306, 1911.

Sir,—re letter from "a rejected student complain- ing about the Course System at the Technical schools. The fault lies not in the System itself, which every student who has passed the preliminary and first year courses recognises to be the one and only system of any value, but in the ridiculous and utterly absurd way in which it is administered at Warrington. Why should a student be compelled to take a class, which he knows would be absolutely of no use to him, and be nothing but a waste of erne, simply because the principals, who I may say, do not know what a parti- cular trade or profession requires, think he should ? Why shouldn't he, if the evenings on which the classes are held be suitable, take a in, re suitable and useful subject, without being called upon to pay Lis. extra (an absurd fee—in other towns it is less than the course fee) instead of 7s. 6d. No student objects to a course if he be allowed to have a voice in the choosing of it, and not have any kiwi of;elasses thrust upon him, as is done here but not in other towrs.

A PAST STUDENT.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINLESS KILLING OF ANIMALS FOR FOOD

Sir,-1 have examined the captive-bolt pistol supplied by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Mr. Bridge, our butcher now uses one of these and finds it most satisfac•ory. I have myself personally seen sheep, pigs and email cattle slaughtered with this instrument and not only is death instantaneous and painless, hot it is much more convenient to the butcher.

For large cattle the Society supplies another instrument, the humane killer. This I believe is equally satisfactory. These instruments can only be obtained from the Secretary R.S.P.C.A„ 105, Jermyn- street, London, S.W.—Yours, &c., Latchford.

Toli Ai. BROADBENT,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SHAKESPEARIAN SOCIETY.

Sir--I regret very much that the promoters have not seen their way to enlarge the scope of the Society 60 as to encourage hope in the minds of those who desire to be mcznbers ohat they may derive benefits commensurate to the outlay required of them. There are many, like myself, not possessed of means, who would yet gladly make the effort to pay a subscrip- tion of Is. if • compensative degree of pleasure and profit lay in prcspect, as the cutoome of regular and frequent interchange of ideas and opinions with other students of Shakespeare equally imbued with the desire to delve in his mines of imagery and to assist in unfolding the treasutes of his philosophy. But to he asked to ply Is. for the privilege of listening to two or three unprofessional lectures and the reading of portions of plays on one or two ether occasions, during an entire Winter Session extending over a period of six months, may well "give us pau-e." Broadly and plainly it is too much to expect that the student of small or even moderate meson should be willing to pay at rich a rate for what gives promise ifs comparatively meagre return. If, as Mr. Roesiter states in his letter, the study of the plays must be done mainly in the houses of the members- -in gaups, privately arranged—(and this, it is to be feared, would inevitably lead to the intrusion of class distinctions, which are invariably destructive of union). Why should it be necessary to charge a subscription of In. ? If however it is to be really democratic (and we are reminded, that it is " the mind that makes the body rich ") let it be so con- stituted and conducted :that every earnest, thoughtful young man or woman, irrespective of social position,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POSITION OF THE CLERK.

Sir,—A short time agl, Mr. Ai:lmil. when Parlia- mentary Secretary for the Minister of War, answered a deputation of Woolwich Area, al clerks that waited upon him : "The Board of Trade has made enquiries throughout the country. There enquiries have disclosed the fact that clerks can be obtained at 11,1 price—nothing a; paars to be too low. nod uoleas you organize yenrselves int, a strong National Uoion. matters are likely to remain as they are at present. " Mr. Acland spoke truly. Clerks seem to imagine that if they org mist.; hey will lose certain privileges which they now enjoy o'er other workers. Front this I beg to differ, because it is only by combining that they will be able Li prtteet them, a the following illustration shows In Austria last year through the efforts of the Clerks Union there, a law came into operation re the condi- tions of employment of commercial employees. Noteworthy points are When ill, the cui lib we has a right to at least a week's salary ; also when prevented by special sauces beyond his control from attending his duties. Annual holiday, with pay. must be given of 10 days ; 2 weeks and 3 weeks after uninterrupted employment of half a year, .5 years and 10 years respectively. Times of illness may nut I e deducted from these holidays. No contracting-out is allowed Radius agreements are not binding if entered into when the employee was a minor, or the annual wage does not exceed £2OO on termination of the employment. If over that amount, they may not I exceed a period of one year, and n, t unreasonably , hamper the employee in finding fresh employment. If this can be done in Austria, why not in England? Surely we English clerks are not duller than our Austrian comracks.—Youre THE SECRETARY ,! of The Warrington Branch National Union of Clerks. I 23 Sankey-street, Warrtngton. November 27th.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
-BISHOPS WHO DO NOT LEAD

Clergyman's Criticism of Church Divisions.

A striking address on "Th. glorious compreben- ' sivenesas of the English Church" was delivered at a ' meeting of the Warrington branch of the English Church Union last evening by the Rev J F Nuthall, of St. Luke's, Southport. He said that since the breach with Rome the Church of England had been definite in . theory but not in practice. Hosing reviewed the later history of the Courch and showed how it was that no many different schools of thought came into existence, be said there wan no doubt about the fact of the ' Church's comprehecaiveness, but it was another ques- tion as to whether it was glorious. If they looked at Ito evils, they complained that the Bishops did not lend. How could they unless they were men of exceptionally strong character, sthen there were so many sections in the Church to please? The Church of England spoke with no certain voice in her parishes. What was taught in one parish was contiadicted in another. He contended that as means of communict- tion improved and the natives of non-Caristian lands learned more, the differences of teaching emanating from the same Csurch must be a stumbling block to mission work. The prepent " comprehensiveness" lent itself to non-natural interpretation of doctriee. They were not oven agreed on the Apostles Creed. " The Holy Catholic Church " for centuries had had a certain clear and definite meaning. To-day some would include Dissenting bodies in the drfini Lion ant was it therefore surprising if a clergyman who avowed his earnest belief in the Resurrection in the creed also interpreted it in a modern way ? Advising members of the English Church Union as to the course of action they must take the speaker said they must try to convert the Church of England as a whole. There most be no tampering. with the Prayer Book, as revision at the present yoacture would stereotype existing divisions. They must not have a policy of isolation. They had everything to gain by mixing with their brother Churchmen. The. must remember that every parish church in theory was Catholic though in actual practice it did not always come up to that ideal. They must also study the Catholic faith no that they could influence others. Tbe local hon. secretary (Rev. J. H. G. Hulling. worth) reported Ha' the membership of the branch was 4R—an increase of ten cloning the year. Dealing with the present outlook in the Church, he said the Prayer Book might certainly be improved but revision was not desirable at the present time. Tbe book as it stood was one of the principal bonds of uoion in the Chords. Neither of the two bodies—Convocation of the clergy and the Parliament of the nation—to which the work of revision and of legalising each revision would be entrusted could at present, with any propriety, undertake the work. The report also strongly pro(ested against the proposed disendowment of the Church in Wales.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
CAIRO STREET CHAPEL.

The New Minister.

The Rev. Stanley A. Metier, BA., Ph D., of Rother- ham, hes accepted the pretorate of Cairo-street Chapel and will take np his new ditties in March. The appointment has given general entisfaction, Dr. Mel r ha:ing occupied the pulpit at Cairo-street with great acceidanee on several occasions. He is the son of the Rev. W. Mellor, Unitarian minister, now living in retirement in Huddersfield. and was born at Crewe on December 15th, 1882. His early education was received at St. Peter's school, York, and he won en open exhibition at Herdord College, Oxford, in 19)0, taking the degree of B.A. with classical honours in 1931. Next cams three lyears theologic it training at Manchester College, 10xf,,rd, sad Dr. Mellor took honours in New Testaruent and philosophy. Having been awarded the Hibbert Travelling Scholarship, Dr. Mellor studied in Berlin in 1907-8 end at Harvard University, U.S.A. in 19.8.9. He was given the degree of Doctor of Philosophy at Harvard 1509. Dr. Mellor t rok up Ids first pastorate at the Church of our Father,Rother ham, on December .sth, 1909 anl his ministry has been attended w ccnsideraMe suce..ev.

... .: ' ''' .. / , i i • '", I:Co ~ ~ v-,..w.... ,

===== 0002601_19111202_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FIOSPITAL SUNDAY

Falling off in Contributions.

The annual meeting of the lkspital Sonday Com- mittee was bald at the Infirmary 3eaterday afternoon, Mr W Ryland, presiding. There were also present, Rev John Yong., Captain G R Crosneld, Mipsra Roger C Parr, John Fairclotrah, J H S .Aunt, A J Jolley, (hoe secretary), end J H Hampeon iaecretary of the Intirmary).—Tbe hon. secretary reported that live plsces of woiship which contributed to the food in 1910 failed to do so in 1911. Fire others commenced or renewed their contributions. On balance there wee a ret loss under those heads of £4 18s. The total receipts had men £258 ris iid—a decrease es compared with list year of £27 Os 9d. Of that amount £157 Si 3d was collected within end ElOl 103 51 outside the borough. The expenses bad been: Advertising, £l2 ls stationary rod postages, £4 Ile 6d ; total £l7 103 61 as compared with £l6 13s .11.

The CHAIRNIAN, in proposing the adoption of the report, drew attention, with a certain amount of cc re. cern, to the further falling off in the contributions to the Infirmary from that source. It might be that many people who Lad responded generously to special appeals hal not givnn quite no freely on Hospital Sunday. At the same tine those who were responsible for the management of the Institution were deeply sensible of the great diliculty in making the revenue and expendi• tune meet as then were still faced with a considerable debit balance. It was therefore a serious thing if any source of revenue was dimioished,and he hoped the fall- ing oil was purely temporary. The maintenance of the Infirmary was Dote question cf absolute charity but of duty, the Institution having to be kept up not for the benefit of the poor alone but of the whole community. The Hen. JOHN YONG& seconded and the proposition wa.a.egrer.to. . _

Mr). .1 Joi.txv was cordially thanked for his past vrvices end rowlected hon. secretary. llrj pia Sunday was fixed for Dlsrch 10th.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PICTUREDEOHL

The new system of continuous performances every evening from 6 t 3 1043, is proving very popular, as it is a great convenience for patrons to be able to eater at any time up to 1 o'clock and see the complete programme. Those who wish to view that magnificent picture " The Great Moment " should take the final opportunities of doing so to-day, for seldom has such co exciting drama been reproduced on the kinematograph. It is indeed a triumph in acting as well as in animated photography, each of the three acts and 82 manes holding the tense interest of the audience, and this special I feature alone well repays a visit to the Picturedrome where the entire programme abounds in good things. Next week the chief attrac- tion will be the great dramatic film " The power of love "—a co nplete picture-novel which will be shown at eve 7 perf3rmance. The remainder of the programme will Le changed on Thursday. There is a m ttinee every afternoon at 3, afternoon tea being served in the better-priced seats.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

R GRANT, PropT)-ctor ) PEMBROKE 1 PLAOE, Liverpool

===== 0002601_19111202_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
CANON BLOGG'S TRAGIC DEATH. Painful Close of Suffrage Besting.

The Rev. Canon H. B. Blogg, Vicar of Frodsham and Rural Dean, died with tragic suddenness on Wednesday evening on the platform of I rodsham Drill liall. A meeting was being held in support of the aims f the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies and towards the close Canon Blogg rose to propc,e a vote of thanks to Lady Frances Balfour, the principal speaker. He appeared to be in his usual buoyant quilts and wittily referied to man's infeniority to wLmen. his voice being heard with perfect clearness in all parts of the room. He caused some amusement by saying that woman wanted the vote and his opinion was that if a woman wanted anything, she had better have it. (Laughter and applause). If she didn't she took it. (Laughter.) Everybody knew the " taking' ways of women. (Laughter.) Ile held it right that every woman who was a widow or a spinster and the owner of property should have a vote. That was as far as he had got at present. (Laughter). . . . . . .

Aaer Mentioning that he had purposely taken a seat near the end of the platform in the event of there being a scrimmage that night—(laughter)—Canon Blogg expressed his interest in lady Balfour s speech and said it was his duty to move a vote of thanks, and he did it with much pleasure. Then, without any warning, be collapsed and fell sideways into a chair. Dr. Williams and Dr. Selbv rushed to him, but it was at once seen that his condi- tion was grave. At the request of ILA Itatlibone, who presided, the majority of the audience quickly and noiselessly dispersed. Mrs. Blogg, who was in the ball, was with her husband immediately after the seizure. Restoratives were applied by the doctors but the Vicar showed no signs of returning to conscious- ness. Prayer was offered by the Rev. M. M. Crane. vicar of Alvanley, all on the platform kneeling. At ten o'clock Canon Blogg bieathed his last. The news of the Vicar's tragic end created a profound sensation in the Wage where he wee held, in high regard by all. Cauon 'Hogg, who was s'xty-six years of age. was the son of an officer in the Indian army and was born at Calcutta. Having been educated at Oxford he was ordained to the priesthood iu 1875 and, after holding curacies at Castle Riding and St. Peter-le-Bailey Oxford, and the chaplaincy of Christ Church, Oxford be became Vicar of Frod-Ibm in 1879. During his 1 relic the church was completely restored and the schools brought up-to-date. Canon Blegg was a bold preacher, and some years age caused some stir by advocating Sunday opt it, Ile slid that under certain conditions, such as attendance at church, to Abell. golf and cricket were not only permissible but desirable on Sunday. He was a convinced advocate of compulsory military training and hod on several occasions addressed National Service League meetings at Warriegton.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The funeral will take place at Frodsham Church this (Saturday) afternoou at three o'clock. Thu Bishop of Chester will he present._

===== 0002601_19111202_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

LIRIMAI. CLUB V. JUNIOR CoNNIRVATIVES.—These, teams met on Wednesday at the Liberal Club, and a very keen match wag the result. It %as left to the last game to decide who were the whiners. There were no big breaks, and some even games were played, except in two eases, and then each side had • winner. Scores •

CLL II F Mullery S Woods S Littlewood H Littlewood W Ford .. A Surds,. C Jordan.. W Patrick

JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE,. _lOO P Derry .. 100 T Oortos .. 67 R Bloomfield lOO .. 76 T A fiaogster lOO 100 J Jolley 100 100 E Blackledge O5 35 .1 Blichall

Will for Jusior-eOpsorvatlves by 57. WARRINGTON AND DISTISICT BILLIARD LEAGUE.

HOWLEY TANNERY Vt eO";SIZZATIYE CLUB.—aCOININ r ROWLEY TANNERY. SIGNIOR CONSERVATIVE'S. R Deakin 45 II Parkes W Wray W Morgan lOO T Lawrence B Wray lOO TCooper la J Rigby W H Hunter F Lunt 49 R Ellis 81 Gilligan

626 Majority for Conservatiol, 103.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE.

Drys—KNHlN.—November 25th, at the Weslfiyan Church. Bansey-road,llr. W. .1. Duos of Glen Antdye, 1.0.51., to Mrs. Eileen of Palmyra-square, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH,

JAM—NOTOMber IttouadW?Sod," Mislideo _Oat.

"Of—War. riagton), aced 2. years, Harry, the beloved Husband of Lily Jane, and was interred at Halide° Churchyard on Serarday, the 25th inst.

IN MEMORIAM.

In afiectionate remembrance of MARRY MASON, beloved we of WiMem 11env. and Fanny Melton, lobo entered into rest Friday, November 25th, 1910 in his 22nd year. Interred at Warrington Cemetery, November 30th.

WA RlLlZOTo2l.—Prieted end Published byJwiN W A LKIR & Co. (Warrington), Ltd., at The Rzankontr General Printiag Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the asme place, and also at 2, 71,e rgzantine °dices, Victoria-road, WIDNES. 3, Geow.ge-street, ST. HILGN S. 3, Market-street, ES RLESTOWN. Church-street, Rusrn9.9. DECEMBER 2 1911.

===== 0002601_19111202_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19111202_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
is perfect quality.

PALACE AND HIPPODII,O3IE. 7.0. —TWICE NIGHTLY-9 0. MONDAY, DECEMBER 41'w. YUMA, THE MYSTERY—WHAT IS HE? STOWE BROTHERS Equilibrists. F. WARDEN REED, JEN OfIE STEVENS A CO. in a Racing Sketch. MARIE GOODWIN, in Songs and Dancing. DILLON SHALLARD, Grand Opera Baritone. ROWLANDS AND FORD, Patter Comedians. THE HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. FORD AND BARRAS, IN "FROM STREET TQ STAGE." Gallery, 24.; Pit, 44.; Grand Circle, 6d.; Stalls, "YUMA" THE MYSTERY WHO IS ENGAGED AT THE HIPPODROME WILL ARRIVE BANK QUAY STATION, SUNDAY EVENING AT 8.30. Packed in a "Merry Widow Hat Box." Don't Fall to be There. WHAT IS NE? MAN' OR MYSTERY ? PICTUREDROME. SANKEY ST. NEXT TO G.P.O. THIS DAY (SATURDAY) DECEMBER VD. Last Exhibitions of "THE GREAT MOMENT." MONDAY EMBER 9m for the whole The great dramatics film "THE POWER OF LOVE." A complete picture-novel will be exhibited at every performance. This film cannot be seen at any other establishment In Warrington. Remainder of programme changed THURSDAY. MATINEES EVERY AFTER- NOON at 3.0 and CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCES EVERY EVENING FROM 6 e 31 TO 10.30 P.M. Patrons entering AT ANY TIME from 6 p.m. to 9. p.m. may be certain of witnessing • FULL PROGRAMME; the LAST SERIES commencing about 9 o'clock. NOTICE.— On and after the Ist DECEMBER the price of COKE at the Longford Gas Works' will be increased to 12a. 64. per ton net.

WARRINGTON SOCIALIST SOCIETY.— SOCIALIST HALL, WILDERSPOOL RD. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) 7.30 P.M. Lecture by ARTHUR SMITH, Manchester. LOOK OCT FOR MOSES BARITZ BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 3co Parrott's : REV. D. AL PAIERSON. of Earlestown. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 3RD, 1911. MORNING 10.30: REV. HUGH WILLIAMSON. B. A. EMZING 6.30: REV. K. MORGAN. All Welcome. Hymn Boole provided. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 31113. Morning 10.30.: REV. H. 911DDLEWOOD. Evening 6.30. REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. All welcome. Hymn Bookn provided. i BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 3, 1911. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.30. Pittocuin : REV. JOHN YONGE. COMMUNION AFTER EVENING SERVICE. PALA. FOR MEN 3 P.M. ST. JOHN 'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WiLDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). DECEMBER 3RD, 1911 PREACHER REV. WILLIAM REID. 10.45 : "The Educational Situation in China." 6.30 P.m.: "The Day's Work of a Ministerial Missionary." ▪ APTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. ▪ TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER :Igo. PREACHER: REV. H. OGDEN. Morning 10.45 : "The blurred Image.. Evening 630 : " God's Silence.. Wednesday at 8 p.m.

I_l LRBERT RAHAM. ESTATE AGENT, CANADA CHAMBERS, 35, BROWN STREET, MANCHESTER Strictly private cash advances arranged on Promissory Note to all persons worthy of credit, in amounts from £2O upward., Bills of Exchange and poet-dated chi ques discounted from 5 per cent. Ladies and Gentlemen entitled to money wider Wills, Deeds and Reversions can have immediate advances from 4 per cent, per annum. Mortgages arranged on good class property. No Loan Office formalities. All Communications strictly private. Personal attention to all enquiries. TO FL olt IST EL—CHRYSANTHEMUMS. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL ALL COLOURS. 20,000 GROWN. For quality, quantity and price try a sample box, 1/6 and 3;-, oaah with order, or send for price list. J. N. HARVEY, THE FRENCH GARDENS, EVESHAM. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 1015., AND Is. 815. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON 1

CIHRIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. ‘..—/ THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK In aid of the various parochial Funds will be held in the PARISH ROOM, GRAPPENHALL ROAD, on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2nd, 1911. Doors open at 2.30 p.m. The SALE will he opened by Tlia HON. MRS. J. E. CROSS (The West Hall, High Legh) at 3 p.m. Admission : 230 to 5 p.m„ is ,sto 9 p.m. 2d. Plain and Fancy Work, Flowers, Fruit, Toys, etc. Entertainments, Competitions, Tea, Coffee and Refreshments.

HAIRCOMBINGB made up E/- per os. COVERLETCE I TAILS OF HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 ELM. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEW& ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of years.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Meg, Warrington.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPEWTOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER : MR. A. M. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY, DECEMBER 4rw, 1911, FOR SIX NIGHTS. SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT AT ENORMOUS EXPENSE OF MISS EMMA HUTCHISON AND MR. PERCY HUTCHISON'S COMPANY IN " BREWSTERS' MILLIONS." eRICES : Lower Grand Circle, 28. 6d.; Upper Grand Circle, l. Gd. Front Stalls. 2. Gd.; Back Stalls, 24.; Promenade (no seats), la.; Pit, 9d.; gallery, Gd. (Booking extra). Next week: " TEIE CHRISTIAN." Tex. 410.

CH. DAWSON, Teseber of Music.—Schools . visited, special course for School Teachers, Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing, Ear Training, Tonic Solis, Solo Singing. Pupils prepared for A.R.C.M. ani L.R.A.M. in Pianoforte Playing. Recent OC4BII.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. HOSPITAL SUNDAY WILL BE MARCH 10nr, 1912.

W AR R 11)CEGBIT)IIIL PStCRI MENT"Y A DEBATE ON WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE Will Take Place in CAIRO ST. PARLOUR, TUESDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 5731, AT 8 o.m. Ladies are cordially Janina to take part. W ARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY. LECTURE is ST. CLEMENT'S MISSION, LOWER BANK ST., OFF MERSEY ST., AT 8 p.m., FRIDAY DECEMBER 6TH. THE VEN. ARCHDEACON LLOYD, Vicar of Rhyl. "WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT." KNUTSFORD DIVISION LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. PUBLIC MEETING, INFANT SCHOOL, MOORE, TUESDAY, DECEMBER STH, AT 7.30 P.M. "INSURANCE BILL" SPEAKER: MR. T. H. GARSIDE. ALL INVITED. P RIM ITI E METHODIST CHURCH, KNUTSFORD ROAD. DEBT EXTINCTION BAZAAR TO BE oPrhipti ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7TH, AT 330 BY CAPTAIN G. R. CROSFIELD. Under the Preeidenoy of C. JACKSON HOLMES, Esg. AND ox FRIDAY, DECEMBER BTH, BY MRS. FORD. T. FORD Esq., WILL PRESIDE. Adminion ad. Each Day. W ARRINGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. A PUBLIC MEETING WILL HI HELD ON MONDAY NEXT, A Tqa LIBERAL CLUB. a, A ADDRESSED BY MR. A. H. CROSFIELD AND OTHERS. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 PROMPT. EVERYBODY WELCOM

NE W CHURCH .—CONVERSATIONAL READIYG ittWINGS EVERY MONDAY EVENIND AT 8, ATKINSON'S CAFE, 81, BRIDGE STREET. LEADER, MONDAY NEXT, trn DECEMBER, REV. JOHN HOWILRTH. ENQUIRY WELCOMED ALL BEARTILY INVITED.

WARRIN GsTc;a7TYELDCO-OPERATIVE Is THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, Off THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7TH, A LANTERN LECTURE by the REV. .1. 11. BCRKITI` entitled "The Queen City of the World, PARIS." CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 P.M. Children not admitted uulesa accompanied by their parents.

B OLD STREET WESLEYAN CHUIZCIL WARRINGTON. SATURDAY, DECEMBER Wm, AT 715 P.M., ORGAN RECITAL BY MR. WILFRED SANDERSON, Dina 8., F.R.C.0., L.R.A.M. (Organist of Doncaster Parish Church.) CHAIRMAN : JOHN E. RICHARDSON Esq. A Silver Collection will be Taken at the Door. ARRIN TOOaNATNIMEN'S LIBERAL 11 LOOK OUT FOR THE FANCY DRESS CARNIVAL IN PARR HALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IsT, 1912. VARIOUS CLASSES AND NUMEROUS PRIZES MRS. EDMUND OSBORNE, HON. SICREZARY. 22, Bold-street, Warriagton. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The HEALTH COMMITTEE are prepared to receive APPLICATIONS for the appointment of an ASSISTANT INSPECTOR of NUISANCES. Wages to commence at £7B per annum and rising by yearly increases of IC 10e. to a maximum of £125. Candidates must hold the usual qualifying certifi- cates and have had practical experience under a Sanitary Authority. Applications must be made in candidate's own hand writing on forms to be obtained from this office. The application with copies of not more than three recent testimonials mast be sent in to the undersigned endorsed " Application for Assistant Inspector of Nuisances "not later than December 9th. J. COOTE HIBBERT, Medical Officer of Health. Health Department, 78, Sankey Street. REAL MUTNEY BLANKETS. TIMMER dried at the Mills. Buy from the PREMIER WITNEY BLANKET AND RUG FACTORS. Single bed sixes from 54. 9d. pair Double bed sixes from 10e. 64. pair. Full list of caslities up to 455. per pair on receipt of postcard.— , OPTICS AND WORKS 82, CORN ST., Witney, Oson.

COUNTY „ • OF BOROUGH WARRINGTON THElfisMe. kjlolllEy. and at'?:lllAhlll)REanSS" "814 THURSDAY NEXT, the ith DE'.:EMBER 1911, at the TOWN HALL, where they will he pleased to receive callers from 3.30 to 5.30 p.m. Town Hill, Warrington, November. 1911. WARRINGTON PEOPLE'S COLLEGE, ANNUAL CONCERT IN PARR HALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14TH, 1911. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME. SONGS, NATIONAL, HUMOROUS, PATRIOTIC. HUMOROUS CANTATA. "The Waits at Bremen." CHORUS OF 358 VOICES. Organist and Conductor: Mr. W. H. PAYTON,Mna.Bao. PR/CIN Or ADMISSION:—It eser wed Chairs Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 28.; Reserved Seats Body of Holland Side (Jallery, Is. gd.; Unreserved Seats Hods of Hall and Side Gallery, Is. ; Back Sean Body of Hall and Back Gallery, 6d. Plan of Reserved Seats at R. H. Peatson's, Bridge St.) will be opened Wednesday, November 29th, at 9 a.m. Unreseared tickets may be obtained from the Teachers and Scholars. Scholars Half-Price to all parts. Doors opened to ticket-hoidens at 6.30 p.m., to non-ticket holders at 7 p.m. Concert to begin at 7:0 p.m. prompt.

150 PAGE BOOK FREE. MRIS eioellent book will lead the way to fortune. .1. The book is seat gratis, and even post free. Just write for it to-day to VAIDTA SHASTRI MANISHANKER HOVINDJI, JANINAGAR, KATHIAWAR, INDIA.

101JNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON V..) The HEALTH COMMITTEE hereby invite TENDERS for the supply of the undermentioned gooda to beamed in the CORPORATION HOSPITALS daring the six months ending 30th June, 1011 Groceries Bread and Flour Provisions Milk Cleaning Materials Fish, Game and Poultry Meat. Full particulars and forms (on which alone tenders are to be made) to be obtained at the Health Daps rt- meat Office, Sankey Street. The forms to be put in envelopes sealed and endorsed "Tenders for provisions" and addressed to " The Chairman of the Health Com- mittee." No tenders will be considered that arrives at the above mentioned office after Monday the lids December. The greatest stringency will be observed in maintain- ing the rules laid down. J. COOTE HIBBERT. Medical Superintendent of Corporation Hospitals.

Sale by Auction. VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTIES AT WARRINGTON. MO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MR. A. H .1 CLIVE, at the BLUE BELL INN, HORSE- MARKET STREET WARRINGTON, on WEDNES- DAY the 13th December 1911 at 5 o'clock in the afternoon prompt. Subject to the conditions of sale to be then produced. LOT I.—All those 10 Dwellinghousee Nambered 3 Hall Street and 1-17 Bennett Street Warrington, in the respective occupations of Messrs. Martin Smith and others. Grose Annual Rental £lO9 17e. Od. The I premises are leasehold for the residue of 999 years from Ist July 1862 at a ground rent of ET 21. Od. per annum. Loy 2.—A1l those Shops and Dwellinghonags Numbered 99-111 Mersey and 1, Ilall Street Warrington in the respective occupations of Messrs.Aloock Bird and others. Dross Annual Rental £ll3 Is. Bd. The tenants of Noe. 99 and 111 Mersey Street cod No.l Hall Street pay the rates. The premises are leasehold for the residue of 999 years from July Ist 1E62 at a ground rent of £7 108.3 d. per annum. It Lot 1 be not sold separately the two lota will be offered together. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer Egypt Street Warrington, or to Mr. Charles Ilealey, Estate Agent, King Street, Warrington, or to WOODS Sc SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, &c., " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

ROYAL eOURT THEATRE WARRING: oN Commencing Monday next, Efreember 4th, FOR SIX NIGHTS)

MISS EMMA HUTCHISON and N 3 PERCY HUTCHISON'S Co. BREWSTER'S MILLIONS ACTUAL LONDON PRODUCTION. From Wyndham' Theatre. London. The "Ship" Scene and all its wonderful Electrical Effect', and the entire production, to". . carried complete. £2,000 PRODUCTION. , BOOK YOUR SEATS NOW. TEL NO. 460.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old and tried remedy that stood the teat of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROW NE'S C HLORODYNE. Invaludble for COUGHS, COLDS, BR OFT, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWSE IS THE NAME; li. lid, 21. 9d., 4a. 6d. the prices DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHL ORODYNE.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CIIIIINEYS FREE. FREE. FREE. PEERLESS CHIMNEY TOT, TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99 A Most Useful Article will be sent post free on receipt BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, of a tld. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. Ful. Prices Quoted JAKE GRAHAM, for Fixing. Illustrsted-Lrefiet on Application. 76-76 a, RENSFIAW ST.. LIVERPOOL.

G. I-I. LEE & eo., Ltd. XMAS BAZAAR now open The Largest and Most Varied Collection of TOYS, DOLLS, GAMES, t-SEF tiL and ORNAMENTAL FANCY GOODS, G. H. LEE & Co, have ever shev-n. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS & NEW YEAR GIFTS. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYONE. An early visit is recommended to prevent disappointment. 20, to BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

It .. '. : 4Y",'H , ' ,':',' ',..1 •1\ ' 404a.:Lr'St.??: '' ~-,•.!•:;;4i -1' .b.., V.,Kr., 1 , 7_ :- \ , •",. 0. ''..' 1 . . ',;'.o: . '' 1 t -• 4 : 1 4.4p1.. _,.,, ~ kr . r, i •••:. t..Mii ri,r . - .•• i ' 1 , , E. E. SLADER 19, SANKEY-St, Warrington. LADIES TAILOR. BLANKET COATS from £2 100 , COSTUMES from £2 12 6 lade on the premises by experienced tailors.

THE NEW ESTABLISHED SHOP. F. HALLETT 107 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINOTON. ( Late Manager, Miller & Co„ Sankey Street. Ari Up-to-Date and Modern Stock of Dainty and Useful Articles In Jewellery, Solid Silver, Electro Plate, Watches and Clocks Most suitable for Xmpts GIFTS Speciality Engagement and Wedding Rings. Private Room for the fitting of Engagement and Wedding Rings. Telephone 381.

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS. Very Urgent Orders will be executed in two days. Post Cards from 2/- per dozen. J. PIIRKINSON, Photographer, EGYPT STREET, WARRINGTON.

TEETII EXORS 0 TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET. TEETH WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 'TEETH Branches at TEETH NORTHWICU, WINSFORD sod MIDDLE WICH TEETH (See Local Papers).

B/ `i TO £5,000 LENT DAILY . 1.._./UNNINGHAM, £5 ON THESE TERMS for agreed period : 29, FROGFIALL LANE, %ARRINGTON. £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. I £25 loin, Repay £27 103. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF £lO „ „ £ll I £3O „ „ £39 Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pile Ale, Bese's No. 1 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I £5O „ ~ £55 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. £2O „ „ £22 I £lOO „ „ El 10 Devonslore and Hereford Cider. No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. applicants horn this district. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER 811111 IN BOMA. CHARLES PAIK IN ALSO MANUFACTURERS Or 219 BRUNSWICK ST.,OX FORD RD.,MANCITESTER; HI:la-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. •n( at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Brsdley'm Clothing Shop) Telephone 79. i NORTH WICH.

0r..440,DP Christmas Presents If we may offer a Suggestion, we should say that you could not do better than get either a KENDALL UMBRELLA Walking Cane or Ladies' Fur Our Stock Is the Largest in the Town. Our Value is tne Best. Dfk—. Call and inspect. 44, SANKEY STREET, tie WARRINGTON. CO.o perative Stores'.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED WIDNES. £5, VT, £lO, £2O, EMI, £5O, £lOO. SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- ALL RINDS OFAGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, ili- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and a I STEAM, GAS,es OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay bsek, AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &C. H. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER.

MRS. WALSH) Ladies' and Children's Outfitter, is now showing Viyella, Alpine & Tor Underwear for Ladies & Children Wmant..: UnshrinkaLle., Corsets to suit all figures. 50 & 52, SJ:CrsIKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HIGH GRADE TAILORING ON EASY TERMS. 2/11 it and 116 Weekly. 3 or G Months Credit if preferred. FItST-crass CUTTERS EMPLOYED. BIGGEST VARIETY. NEWEST DE.IGNS. No EXTRAS CHARGED AR,OLUTELY BEST VALL-E. Established 1885. All transactions strictly confidential. Thousands of original testimonials from delighted wearers can be itspected at our offices. Our Representative is in Warrington & District daily, and a Post Used will bring him to your home with patterns. Do not hesitate, try ns for that Snit or Overcoat you want juet now. Write,call or 'phone 294 City H Saturdays 9 to 2 LAWRENCE & CO., Smart City Tailors, first floor . 72 MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER

We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. Rau & 34. to 48, LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET MI es BRIDPORT-STREET, AND FRASER -STREET LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue Post Free on application. Telegrams. "FURNISHING.'. Telephone 1214 Rov

THE NEW FRENCH pEM.Eitlr. THERAPllLiNpj:rrele:dy..l:4ll- - continental Hospitals by Rscord, Rostan, Job,rt, Yelp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed fOs imp urity of blood, spots,blotches,pain & swellosgofjoints. kidney, bladder & uri nary diseases, stricture, di schartres. pi les, gravel,painsin back, goot,rheurnotinrn,roh,ton. Sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to disea‘es. Price 2/9 (parties tars ld. stamp post free in Great Britain Irons The Le C (ere SI ed ie i n e Co, IN vet. Stock Romillamn4ead. Losidon.& P rine i Pal Chemist. Irsooeso, WERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP th. Sir,tlut, B„,, ~ FIRE ERTEN Cil; IS FIER. • I. Nothing to get out of order. 2. Nothing to corrode. 3. Nothing to explode. 2540 out of the 4199 • London Fires were extin- uvrms.„ shed itt One year by then ump 9, CasrLe Write or eel—. LI, LONG ACRE, W.C., LONDON.

ee anes Cures when all remedies fail. It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes is ill of . all Chemists. I. BERTHAS & 505,Chunists Ciwitenftur

A CONTEMPTIBLE CONCEALMENT. (While making a great noise about the contribution to be paid, the "mean agitators ' of the Yellotv Press, who are trying to wreck the Insurance Scheme for Domestic Servants, are carefully concealing all the great benefits the servant gets in return.) • - • • r'w• • • 1111 ll '`---- II Jr.,—Ti-r ! 1111 II il I(liiii pi . • I i, - -_=-- --- a:—-- •. . . - _ _— -=-1. . _-; .- . 4 'IIII 1 , 1 , , ,-__ 1 1 1 - ----------,--1---; 1 'I • , 11 ~,, ~ , - 1 l','/D0416577C _ I , /z i' q i; I 1 • I 1 *llO k ( SERVA, . ' .t, 11'4•'-' ../ il N • , - -:.: ...,,-.-,--,•<-..- 1 1 i; II li • s,' .s\ , ,1,, 0 PHY 7 y !I ' ~ WEE( II 444' ' . _,• u„ :::: \• ,:- , I , ------. •i , l-..‹, ` lue--•• i ,-,,, 4 UNDER TRE INsuRANcE \ •10 —BILL isro-----:—. i , •:--------"7----0.- I P-- --- . • ....--,- ---__—_--_____-----„"):- - -.,,,---...„ ~.. 1 1041 11, , _ _ -.... ,Ito • ; • --7--•.-• ::7---_-: A'P-14* .. \-(S. .ji 1 , - ... , ... ... • *- ----.%'' ,I S?Pt-05114 . ' j ADFuL 9 ci,k- me 1 1 I 1 1 1/,/, / ./ / p•itisoly 4ft.4 pE.R exi. 1:1 / 44 I i,,, =- ; , ; •4.. i I • ,4c17-4s -t II- sicK voic,,,e , Y, / , ' /; ~ 01 tSsAti:B,4l-('I i/ , /,// ' , ', /', • 1,, ,' ~ :....!. , , ' i li; ;:;10 ,i,10.,;i • ' 11111///1 ',';//''''';', il/I' r 11/I.' 113°I' , 44j' 7 --, s•s;t:. ::I‘l,e; i 1I ' 6,, ' ,ii ~. 'ilr,ltlifs Of/ /0 0 1' '.•/ , : -' . ..:.111' 11''' ( A II I 1 0111!;r1F!' '/:1'1 ' 11 / 111111„!,' 146 / , .......-- ' THE YELLOW PRESS AGITATOR : "My dear young lady, let me reveal this to you—you will have to pay 3d. a week." THE INTELLIGENT SERVANT: " Quite so. But why are you so kern on revealing to me what I have to pay and so anxious to conceal from me what I shall get for it r

_ . --- . People who say they don't like cocoa 6" have probably never tasted the t Rowntree Flavour i MAKERS TO H.M. THE KIND. It is delicious! # v.\,.....2_,.................___________......„,,,,,_ _ , _

. . e , Kt P PEP ....,..„,Handy .... .. .4: Indoors and out, for (. \ old and young, the best safe- guard against coughs, colds, and " • M", - .z 4 bronchitis is a handy box of 6 Peps, the , "It )1 1.:74 . 7w novel germ-destroying tablets which give off , 4 rlir ‘‘, \ powerful medicinal fumes that are breathed , ell ;It straight into the throat and lungs. These Peps I , -,:: fumes not only soothe and strengthen every part of % jj the breathing passages, but they destroy any germs - (,' lurking in the mouth, throat or nostrils, clear all cloggy .j 4 lurking substances from the throat and bronchial tubes, and , , Protect the Lungs (which cannot be reached by liquid medicine) against dis- ease. Because the rare chest-strengthening medicines combined in these novel Peps fumes are breathed in, Peps not only Rive immediate relief to sufferers from chronic bronchitis or asthma,but promptly -11 : t check the discomforts and dangers of colds P- -04444 4 and chills, and prevent serious trouble in 'fi41941/1A the throat and lungs. Now and 5 att always keep a box of these _" breatheable Peps handy Algl'iLsgt. 4111111 li ' —OOO/- 101 ' • •-. . CI •-a . To Ward Off t,.., ... -.-0 F ff *COLDS & - _6 0 R i , cilia's. - ,

Most Useful, Welcome, Seasonable. PRESENTS FURS and GIFTS from El to £550 FURCOATS. Et to £550 It is no economy to purchase " trashy " FURS and "faked" FURS. Trustworthy Furs of Fashion, of Genuine Quality and Value, at Keen Manufacturers' prices, in Magnificent Variety, at CREAMER'S 56 Bold St., Liverpool.

COcCO, Ndmidgis ULL7,9Tonic IVO COLO.

n ...,, ..,. ft lc, ,11 o.g Lung Tonic 4 The most up-to-date, best known and most successful Remedy in the World for COUGHS 81. COLDS Invaluable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS. CAlRlTliollt—Ask for "Oirbrldge"ited talus se substitute. This Is the Bcst, Cheapcbt and Safest way to recover, ' Preparrd by i W. T. OWBRIDGE, lro. Masai. tow ers. Tle Ws>. • t.r). HULL. A:JIM bitlkesi t'7l 8,44 everywhere sn bettins .1 1. I§d.. le. N.. {s. 4d. and It.. COPYIWS HT

_ - COY, 11111111),h11.e besitt t.. 1 °. cup of coffee in 111 1 4,_2!.rt.zc' - • , the quickest time- -1 ~,,..... "t one spoonful of isszkem 11 211.1 r. SYMINGTON'S um Coffee Essence II stirred in boiling II - --- water--it tastes as ikgood as it smells. sCust-4 cups Id.. Tho, Syrnington 6 Co., idinbulh %IMO

6,

WARRINGTON .........___...„, (sw-.4btirch 1`410•?. , 4,5,-(, L-------....- i 1 ' t‘ , lot •: „,, •,.. '1:4.- • :. 11. , , ....*4- . ' '-'. 150 ~.,.., r;!:, i ir. -L'' '.-.. -,- .. . --) 'lr• vi .: ~v 1 , • 4 I .-,; . , Ili . rfe-,' ili r J i;.ove 1 ' , I - . • .. ,-.. 11 1 ..

THE EXAMINER Series OF WEEK-0111, NEWST&PERS cOMPAISIS : TE WARRINGTON EXAMINER' published every Saturday morning. The erintipal and the oldest weekly paper for War- ii2gtoo, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padget* L 3 mm, &a., being ode of the largest and best weekly ' papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered this paper comprises a large trading and agricultural treat in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. TRR RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday warning. at ia the best weekly paper in Fawn and district, and offers the best and cheapest acilities to advertisers. IPHE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. • rpHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER L published every Saturday morning. The largest weal paper containing tbe news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton. ,te The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfield. rjIHE ST. FfELENS EXAMINER, published every L Saturday morning, circulating an St. Helens, Preseot, Parr, Sntton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of he glass, che mica and watch trades of the Kingdom. 'PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Sin Thirteen Words. Week. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 24 ... Is. 10d. ... Se. Od. Se. Id. 32 ... Is Oa. 2. 6d. ... 4s. 0,1. ... 7a. 6d. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... Is. Id. is. Od. 9d. 48 ... is. 6d. ... Ss. Bd. ... 6s. Od. 10s. Od.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses 111- re. Funk's Private Hotel,so St George's rd.,Victoria AK London, S.W. Moderate terms, good neighbour- hood; clean and coral. ; by rimy or week ; ask for tariff. ONDON.—WILD'S First-class TEMPERANCE LA HOTELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close to Euston, St. Pancras, and King's Cross Station'. Hones Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet.

Domestic Servants, etc. WANTED good GIRL to sleep out..—Apply 708, lINUTSFoRD RD., Latchford. IVANTED, strong young GENERAL; references ; •wasb.-31, 131,F1R BROOK ST.. idanobester. DOMESTICATED Country Girl wanted u General; small family, good hoine.-23, CASTLE ST., Cardiff. WANTED. a few good GENERALS, also Cools nod Housemaids.— Apply, Lowe, 28, Park rd., Altrinchass. WANTED, GENERAL, about 20; washlog ; liberal outings; references repuind.-9, Ila Lit RD., Seseurnbs, Liseard. NAT ANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT—AppIy V Kred WILLSAM Hutu., Mosley Common Boothatowm— WANTED, a SERVANT GIRL; about 16 • one bum out beluga—Apply PRIRSTLRT, 56: High at., Golborne. WANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, good refer- euee.—Apply Mrs. Luca, 49, Albert rd. Southport.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLIL) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. ChOIR PARTIPS, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST ZVERY TOWN 111 LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0485. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

Wanted. 1•3 MART BOY Wanted.—Apply SUITS LTD., Horse- market at., Warrington.

L-Nalse Teeth Wanted.—Vo Insult*, 3d. tooth; silver, 6d tooth ; gold, is. tooth ; platinum 2/6 tooth. All postage psid.—Ash well, 36 & 38 Belgrave Gate, Leicester. WANTEa—Fowls, Ducks, there, Turkeys; small or large quantities; also eggs—Send particulars to H WELLS. 143 Balls Pond rd., London.

WANTED, a gocrl GENERAL SERVANT, for V V oboe; good references esesatiel.—Apply at once. 280, GoRTON LANE, Gorton. WANTED, good GENERAL DOMESTIC SERVANT; good wages.-5, CATLOW ST„ Lower Broughton! Manchester. IVANTED, strong respectable GENERAL, age about 20, for small famiIy.—HORSFIXLD, Ferrol Lodge. Northenden rd., Sale, Cheshire. WANTED, Good GENERAL, about ; fond of children; no washing • state wages, references. Mn. BRAIPII, Bramhall, Stock Port. INt'ANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; country girl preferred.—Apply Mrs. LIPTROT, Plough sod Harrow Hotel, Shevington, near Wigan. IVANTED, GENERAL (experienced) family Oree help riven, no washing, reference, £22. STDINIUM VILLA, Stamford rd., Bowdon. WANTED, NURSE for two young children • excel lent character essential ; neat; methOdloal callable; 20-26.—Kulgus, Esetharn. Cheshire. WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, part wash, family ' three, good references essentiaL Write LYNDALE, Myra rd., Fairhaven, Wham. WANTED, good GENERAL., 25 to 30 • all duties; early ricer; only those with good references !d apply.—Apply by letter, 96, SIVINLRY RD , Wirm WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, age 18-22, for Gentlemen and wife; no children; good home. Apply Mrs. BARREL-b, 23, Elm rd., Preston, Birkenhead

rr(INFECTIONERY.—WAN TED IESIALC CON- FECTIONER to take charge of *akehonse.—Bali FEW AND Son, 57, Wieniok at., Warrington. CANVASSER and COLLECTOR Wanted in at districts book given; missy commission and times down.—Apply Tsvi.on,47 fiankeyst., Warrington 1-10 G DUNG WANTED, any quantities, large or small, good price givr—Tuc WARRINGTON GLAZED KID CO. LTD.. Long lane, Longford, near Warrington.

NSTAI' 'TED. Capable Female SHORTHAND TYPISTS; age 14 to 16.—Apply, DISTRICT MANACISR, L. & N.W. Railway, Arpley Station, Warrington. NVANTED, smart Junior CLERK with knowledge of Shorthand and Typewriting age about 16-18. Apply by letter sad state experience.—HzirwoOD & MASSIF, LTD., Frodsham Bridge.

• T ADE desire@ Roengagement as Companion, or .11-4 Companion-Housekeeper ; capable, practical, cheerful; excellent refermom—hlisa WYNNE, Sunny Bank, Harmer Hill. Ehrewsbury. TV or Experienced GENERAL, at Christmas or New Year, 30s. a month. No washine. Plenty liberty given. Reference required.—Mrs. CHARLES LEONHARD, Manor Avenue, IJimston, near Manchester

Agriculture. lIIURF LOAM, Kettering old Miry, for Carnations K Mums, An.; 21s. too; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lanos.—.l. DON, Park row, Nottingham

HASTINGS.—Comf. Bd. ; res, 2 min. lies ; bsth billiards ; 2ls-27, 28, Wina.nrovon MORESTATYN.—APATMENTS ; large house and garden ; good locality; silt invalid; moderate term..—Miss Bitotrroti, Bronalt, Prastage. vvEsr KlRBY.—Superior South Rooms-3 enter- taining, 7 or 8 bedrooms, vacant; near shore, station and golf links.-7, PARK RD. ORECAMBE, W.E.—Mrs. FIRTH, Ferndene, 80, Ti Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2s. per bed each night ; piano, bath. Speo;al winter terms with Of without hoard.

£5OO Provident Rood for Sale, £ll4 paid; what often -D.,l2o,Cornwel rd.,Brixton,London. CTJNLIFFE, RUSSELL & CO., Bankers, Share Dealers, 10, Place de la Bourse, Paria.—Send p.c, Of parties ; bankers' refs.; estah. 1888. I NVESTMENT IN CANADA.—lnvestor, with £2O E- upwards can participate in genuine profitable business, earning big dividends. Full details on applica- tion.-Write WOODSEN & Co., 3, Spusholt rd., Loudon, N.

TIOUSE TO LET.—Apply W. BRIGGS, TT, Arpley at., Warrington. OCK-UP SHOP to LET, at 151, Sankey at.—Apply _ BELLIAN D AVMS, Sankey at., Warrington. "TOME TO LET.—" Winos.," Whitelleld rd.—A BOUNFIELD, "BpEOTth," Whitelield rd., Stockton Heath. SUPERIOR HOUSE 10 LET, No. 3, West, lane; 3 bedrooms, parlour, sittingroom,kitchen, bath, dc.; rent, 81. 6d. weekiy.—Apply, ALBERT WRIGHT, Saville St., Warrington. OFFIOES to be Let.—Union Bank Chambers. Suites of Rooms facing Sankey-street and Cairo-street, suitable for offices and other purposes.—Apply UNION BANK, LID, Warrington. 57, CATHERINE STREET, 4s. week. 17, PINNERS BROW, Look-up Shop, 13s. 6d. week. S. CLARE'S BUILDINGS. ts. week. 26, KERFOOT STREET, 5.. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, Penketh, RI St. iid. month. 33, PINNRRS BROW, good Shop, 7a. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREET, rent 4.. 9d. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Ofilor., most central position in town; good light: £l6. Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street, Arrington Telephone—No 55

QIIARP COB: with Cart end Earners. ; lot £8 nest h-7 Lurry ; will lend.-45, TRAVIS or, London rd. Manchester. fIOOD useful MARE on Sale; in all gears; 15 hands; N.W 9 years old ; can be seen at work ht any time.— Apply 10, NOLAN ST., Southport.

IPOR Sale, 3 Stiff Kecking Carts, 2 Spring Racking 1: Carte, 4 Team Lorries, I One-horse Lorry, sundry Gears and Hay Chopper; nearly new.-97, Ristnose RD., Gears, eiREAT DANE PUPPIES for sale, sire champion, "Cone of Cleeelays," winner or fourteen sham- pionships.—Apply DAVID ASHWORTH, 23, Bydal rd., Blackburn. XI EARLY NEW MILK FLOAT, Butcher's Cart, LI Light Lurry, Baker's Van, Hand-carte, Barrows of every Seecription.—ATHEßTON AND SONS, Tweed st., Chapel at., Leigh. FOE SALE, SALOON BUS', to carry 16. with removable top to form Wagonette. Also Landau and Stand Cab, cheap; room wauted.—J. NEIL% Market Et., Stretford.

BOILERS 50,50 d MACHINERY, good second-hand JOHN STRING= AND SON (Dept. 41) Blackburn etROSSLEY'S OIL ENGINE, 6 Brake Power, condi- tion as new.—T. and S. BROADHURST, &Tines, Stockport. GOVERNESS CAR to suit 12 hands £2; No Ice Cream carts £8 each ; Milk Kit 18 galloop, 12..6d.; 5 Ice Cream treezers.-21, LILY ST., Stobahaw Cross, shton-in-Makerfield. NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers end Pipes, and all fleeted Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Maguesitt,Sil cats Cotton ,Hai r Fel t,and ou rComposi Hon Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine it., Strangeways, Manchester. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Rica COLONIAL FOREIG PAIINT

Education. THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Soya—Principal, MISS MING, L.L.A., A.C.P. Staff includes BA, and L.R.A.bf. Half term commences Wedneeday, November Bth. STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from ear terminua) Day aind Boarding School for Gina, ls Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Meister. and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views On applications, to Miss PARTINOTON, Principal INSURE AGAINST UNEMPLOYMENT. by being one of SMART & CO'. efficientn. The attention of Parents, Guardians, and Students is drawn to the fact that in no inatance during the peat two years have we failed to place an efficient student in satisfactory employment, and not one of the students who have left during that time ia at present unemployed. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ARE GIVEN A THOROUGH COMMERCIAL TRAINING, ARE GUARANTEED AN APPOINTMENT IN A FIRST- CLASS OFFICE. No class tuition ; every pupil taught individually. Open from 10 to 9. Students may attend at any hour Call or write for prospectus. SMART's COMMERCIAL COLLEGE, (Retal,. 1827.) MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc. "LEFT OFF CLOTHING bought, P.O. for parcels.-1 -3-/ Mrs. TAYLOR, SS, Cemetery rd , Doncaster. 1.2 HOPE NURS sillelnEdS, id Green, N I ;6. for 24. Ife-sise Enlargements 2e 9d, framed 5s thi, ben4- -9-4 painted Ts 9d.—STUART'S Chapel .t, Onlgate. V MAS CARDS 4s. gross, 17s. 61. 5 gross, cub, ranisge paId.—WRIGHT, Bolton rd., Leicester. VIRST Quality Bird sad Rabbit Nets prices on application.-11 W STUCKNY, Churobiil, Bristol. A N interesting Service of Song entitled the "Young Orphan," free 4t1.-309E1'H THORNTON, Mirfleld. 1 KW Overcoat, merino* 2.511., cost ; chest, Scott,3B4 Christchuroh rd.,Poltesdown,Bonrnemouth ItitiopCollector'e duplicates for dispossl,lso different 1,0 la—Collectcr, 39, Upper Redlands rd., Reading. SEND P.O. Is. for RECEIPT for troublesome cough —Box 411, "Examiner" Office, Warrington. BOOKS bought at fair prices, interesting catalogues iesued monthly post freo.Festherstone,ll ill st.B'gh'm

„ 1 y 000 F Starr.. as imported from abrosd, unused, aarmax,l47, Olive rd.. Cricklewood. J)v one bite Apples; good cookers; %eked in once; ifree on rail; 60113. U.—Warman. ropton, Devon. AFree Employment Bureau for Workers & Employers appear weekly in Woman's Life, Id., everywhere; ll4one, saved by buying your incandescent goods from INE SAM Hzeku,3s,Bottomgate,Blarkborn.-Send for list SUIT'S, cut, made, trimmed, 14s. ; send for list ; trade only.—Motoxo, Elm Works, Wakefield. A LL Mother's Questions about Baby are answered .L-X. weekly in Woman's Life, price Id., by ” Eve." up UTTER.-31b. made from lib.; instructions, 1/1.- 1 1-11 J. COWAN, Western Court,West Walls,Carlisle.

XMAS CARDS 6e. worth ; 24 3d samples 1911, Is.— Ausvitc, 89, Highgate rd., London. SEND a postcard for Free Semple of Plate Powder to F. CMVIIRS & Co., Albany Works, Bath. riato Self-Filling Fountain Pen • takes any nibtprice N.../ Is. post free.— Vincent Co.,2o,Stanley rd.,Oxford Gramophones Free for Xmas; startling offer • write for particulars—Drew, 40 Gracechtuch at., London. Eitrom Copy, 3 Photos, Christmas Cards, and 1 Cabinet 1' 1/1 post /res.-Harrison'., Photos &womb*, L'poolo Fr NOW your lucky days, chooses, future events, Ac. Photo, birthdate, P.O. 6d stamp.— Maram Er.asv, 3 Regent at., South Simeon'. HOTO POSTCARDS of Yourself, Is. per dozen Samples and catalogue free.—llacxarr's Works OLD FALSE TEETH Bought; any condition ; 4d Jule rd., Liverpool. per tooth given on vulcanite, 84. on silver, la 3d • on gold, N. 6d. on platinum. Immediate cash aent.— W INNING Football Forecasta,successful again laat PEARSON. 119, Stock a., Cheethant, Manchester. Beaminster. CAINGER WlNE.—Make your own for Xmas ,• 2 1.-3 r quarts costa about 64. ; delicious cordial ; also 1110 introduce our Xmas Bargains we send ls. Tie for excellent Furniture Cream ; both recipes Is. Gd., or Is. I lady cr gent, post free 2i1i..-.IIICIIARDSON'S each ; 6eoulne.-33mtur000, 26, Delamere rd., Levens- STORM., Lee, London, S.E. hul me, Manchester. ONEY SAVED, by buying your incandescent d'ILD Artificial Teeth, Dental Plates, Wanted, any •LY-M• goods from SAM.IIEARD, 35, Bottomgate, Black- condition ; Old Gold, Silver bought, post parcel; burn. Traders send for Bet. cash to utmost value by return.-11VGH Fa & CO., (Z T AUNDRY GLAZING SECRET.—GIoss like Pon*. Kingswood rd, Moseley, Birmingham. (Banker's LI lain. Recipe P.o' 7d. this week.—R.T., 57, Lloyds). Chester rd., Watford, Herts.

B' upstairs; hot water rises from washing-copper flied complete; about £6.—Send for particulars, SMITH, 14, Stone it., Maidstone. TFELLMONGERS, Farmers, and Marine Stores. .1- Wanted to buy wool and hair for cash.—JOHN KILBURN, Earlesheaton, Dewsbury. MOLESKINS and Catskills wanted; beat pricea paid; ITloash by return; any quantity reoeivecL—NzwEEßßT & Co., 8, Doswell rd., London, E.C. MY forecasts have won over 50 prizes. Why not one ivA. for you? 4 solutions In—SOLUTION EXPERT, 96, Waterloo rd., Ashton-on-Ribble. MAKE your own Ginger Wine for Xmas, 3d per pint; superior quality • recipe In; genuine.— Simm, 22, London at., London,'E C. VI °LISS, Foxes, Lets, Utters, Badger's skins, Bi“is' .11.1. wings, Game tails and plumage.—BEßT LEVY, 20 Blenheim terrace, St John's Wood, N.W.

j701:1 write MS. as us! Bend lsifor 'Reverse of 1 Clock ' Shorthand ; postal tuition frea— MYDDYLTON House., Saffron Walden. AREAL COAL SUBSTITUTE; save half your coal bill.; formula how to prepare (genuine) sent for 6d.—CAROLINE Co., Mem, Mancheaer. SILKa. inch, 82d. yard; white, pink, sky, black royal, Cio2lllloo' amethyst, vieux rose, meth, &o.— PEARSE'S, 2,3, 4 & 5, Market Place, Margate. GBEATLY reduced. Ladies handsome broochesokith or without rtonekin case,Cd post free; satisfaction or money returoed.-11. WOODS, Atherstone.

• edallions for Dog Collars, with Ring attachn out, 1.41. mule and address stamped complete, post free 6d State breed.— BLWDON, King st , Blackburn. 11' DEAL GIFT.—Self-fllling Fountain Pen, Hot. gold -0. nib; 2 years guarantee; 3s 94 complete.— E. CLARICE & CO., 5, Gravers Hall Court, London. gD. E Violin Strings 31d., four Is. post free; excep- t, tional value; recommended Prof. Wilhelmi ; finest on the market.—LowN, 9, Venbury rd., Plumstead. AJOUR WATCH.—If it needs cleaning or mainspring J. poet it with 2.5. Gd. to STRONG, Jeweller, Roth, to be done well and returned in week. Beg. poet free. TUI-ADAME VOYANTE, Palmist, fee from 2/6, botwe 121. from 11-1 and 34; character by photograph, fee 1/..-66 Tbe Drive,nllhara Park Oardens,London,S.W Vree Xmas Presents.—To every purchaser" of a Lady's U Besutifnl Handbag we give • fountain pen; send 24. Hill & Co.,2o,llardess st.,Longhboro' Junction, London OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Absolutely utmost value offered by RETURN OP POST. /Imo & Co., UK, Hart street, London. WC. nibs Ideal Xmas Prevent. 30s. Gladstone Brum 22 ios solid Isather,heavy fit ings,stout straps, 2216; sleep- Hone! value.-Corarts, Beg Matufectory,Wellingborough. YOU'RE BOUND TO MAKE MONEY on my pro- position. To prove this just put ' How ? ' flap of stamped addreesed envelope and enclose to L. PARR, 46 Peveril rd , Sheffield. USE OUR PLATES.—/ Pistols. 3d., 1 71d. Pop or Goalie ht, Post Cards Is. 3d. 100. Samples of catalogues free.—Snownoosrs 246, West Derby rd., Liverpool, 3 minutes from Olympia. 1111HADCLIFFB BONE CUTTERS.—Price, from 21,.64., carriage paid; catalogue with instruc, tions for feeding green bone, post free.—ltAncmyrit Bons Cutter Works, Greenfield, Oldham. Ladle.' Neckwear Bargains.—Lace collars, 7d, lid, Is 5d ; Mufflers, Is, Is ; fancy Silk Bows, 64, lm Stock Collars 2s doz. essorted ; lost free.—Gunsw9oo & Co., 32, Newgate et., London. &C. Nvinter Comfort—For 1. 64, lib of linseed,liquoriee and chlorodyne lczengee, or 111). of pure mint !, /env., Or ?,lb, of each, sent post paid.—Harray Fori-Lerox & toix,Mannfacturing Confectioners,Lincoln

ehristening Gifts in great variety. -1 Telephone 303 x.

Miscellaneous continued. VANCY Work designs appear weekly in WOMAN'S .I. Link prise 14., of all newsagents. HOLE. COOKING APPLES, Ba.; Blenheim and te Permian Apples, lb.—Cash with order.— , COX-HALLETT, Shrewsbury. IINILLOWNERS, Clubs, Honseholdere, Farmers and 11111 others, for highest economy make your own, petrol gas, outfits for 1 to 2,000 lights; particulars 82 BOLD ST., Blackburn. DntECT from Loom to Wearer.—Splendid Sal. Lengths, 9s. to 265. ; also Overooatings i latest novelties; patterns free ; carriage paid.—Witsx RIDING MANUFACTURING Co., Holm, Huddersfield. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS LTAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to II Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. lid., 2s. 9d., 44.6d.5nd 11s. (Sample sent free). Only address 809,PORTOBELLO RD.„ NOTTING HILL, LONDON

TELEPHONE 337 x. BARGAINS IN PIANOS, 6,7 c. PAZBRINSMEAD. £5 0 0 PIANCHAPPELL £8 0 0 PIAIMNO. BROADWOOD, £8 10 0 ROSEWOOD CASE. PIAIPR. ALLISON, £l2 0 0 wALNur CASE. PIArdNO. BROAD WOOD. £l3 0 0 PIANO £l9 10 0 BY HY. WAGNER. £l9 FRAME, £22 0 0 BY UPTON GILL P'AINR°O;4 FRAME OVERSTRUNG £2B 10 0 'BY GORS d:KALEMANN: P'APRT:: FRAME, OVERSTRDNO, £34 0 0 LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, SLIGHTLY USED, BY HOPKINSON. EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED. Foil money allowed on theee Pianos if exchanged for more expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 MONTHS. TERMS: FROM 89. PER MONTH. WADSWORTH'S, 50, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Ulbeumatism can be oared ; try 6d. sample bottle.L. Essentialens," 8, Oakbank Grove, London. 9.E VIVONDERFUL Cure for Colds, Asthma, and Throat Y V troubles; 1/4.--Glusa, 19 Alexandra rd.,Aldershot SURHICAL APPLIANCES of every description, EDEMAS, Sprapi, &C., from 20.—LABO1tA'rORY, 304, High Holborn, London. CANCER.—Sufferers should, without delay, write, giving particulars to G. MOULTON, Rulow, Mecolialleld.

PARISIAN NOVELTY.—PERFQ MED POCKET CALENDARS, 3d. dozen; wimple iii.—Mores Duro STORES, Sr. Philip's rd , Sheffield. XTASAL CATARRH.—Gentleman cured himself at AA small cost will send recipe for 6d. stamps.— MANAGER, Saline Co., Middlewich, Cheshire. I NDIGESTION and Stomach Complaints.Wby suffer? Can be cored with llajim Dinner Piffe, by sending 1/I.—PROPRIETOR, 304, High Holborn, London. Skeltwes Indigestion Pills have cured thousands; thirty years reputation. Send stamps for trial box. J H SKELTON, LTD., Eastwood, Notts. LADY has beautiful Dresses, Costumes, Bile Blouses, Underliaen, Children% Clothing cheap; list stamp. /Are. NEVILLE, 152, Shepherd's Bush rd., London.

Ahigh-oless Chinese pickle recipe and full lustruc- moos how to make, sent poet free for 6d P.O. or stamps.— Broughton, 6, Tubes Terr., Walker st., Hull. p iles positively Cured by using Dr. Setterie's Conee a. no surgical treatment; natural cure; hundreds test! a -BRITISH PHARMACAL CO ,Boxhii

Geutleman, blind five years, now see to read anything; remedy, safe and sure cure for cataracts,white specks Sic.; partici, free all eye en flerers.-Lx.inityr, Elm,Wisbech "PAINFUL Pilex,insiant relief; lasting benefit oint- ment with vulcanite injector, P.O. 2s. ; sluggish livers require active pills, take mine and be happy, P.O. Is.—Madame Freeda,Bpedaliat,4, Moncrieffe et , Walsall DIANO.—How to play easy tunes at once; Alpha- ". Beta system, original, effective, successful; ls 3d. including 5 melodien—ALmt-Birra Co., Dept. H., 188, Strand, London. LANE'S Detective Agency and Booth Atria= Enquiry Burean, miming friends. divorce, positions of firms and other inquiries. Telegraphic address : " Sleuth," Johannesburg. Post box 1567, Johannesburg. INTEMPERANCE.—MaIe and Female Nurses at 4 moment's notice.—HOPE HOUSE, Hope sL,Liverpool. Telephone 2370 Royal. Telegrams " Nurses, Liver- pool. Established 33 years. LIOR Bale, best quality Canadian mixed clover bay, .a: also Irish rye-grass and clover, and meadow hay. and straw, delivered to any station in SO cwt, truck loads at reasonable prices.—Apply FRANK NIELD4WL, Direct Hay Importer, and Presser, Alsager, Cheshire. taLAYI3 read and placed by arm of competent and I.experienced theatrical managers • moderate inclusive fee; send for prospeotna—Bitoons atria LaMBSAT LTD., 12-13, Gearless& at., W.C. BLUSH ING POSITIVELY CURED—Medical gentleman impressed with wonderful results offers copy of Physician's prescription for is. P.O. ; fellers Impossible; &dykes gratie.—Byrisa Voss, 113, Great Portland at., London, W. Varicose Veins.-No more elastic stockings nor opera- tion ! Simplest, easiest, radical, Medicsl Hine 1 reat- meet, by remedies of DR. STEFAIO BOLOGNESE (via Roma 85,Naples). Only effective treatment in the world. Extremely gratifying results nil over the world. 1 Grand Prix,s Gold filedels,l4 International,l6 national Congress of kledicirie. Each bottle, poet free,4/6.-Geseral Agent GliglielmoCarratoro,Coreo Umberto 10,284,Naples,lialy. WHY be Bald? Vaughan's " Haire rower "speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most astonishing results Trial hos td.—F. N'a cbiLts, 30, Permit Avenue, Wood Green, London N.

, -------,„ e' " A INI 1 1 \ Ll.,:f. g u WIEV:4' 0 • ...:. -1 N. , _ . "r# • ( -), .`-' • /IV ) -.-- 44! • ,t. r--r-4,1.*, • : fo,:, , . r . A )1- .Q. - , :1! „ , -1 w . . Why John took his Umbrella with him.

J. WILSON & GO., Umbrella Experts, 48 Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS FOOTWEAR. ESTABLISHED 1940. QEND for high-class Ladies or Gents Welted Boots, lkji. Fine Box Calf, Ghee, Rid or Wax Calf. 108.6 d., 12s. 64., and 16s. GI. State length and say whether 2, 3,4, 5. or 6 fitting, or send for self.measure form.—W. WILEMAN, 2a, New at., Trafalgar Square, London. Awarded Gold Medal Festival of EmpiteExhibition,l9ll REAL IRISH LINENS at Manufacturers prices. !USEFUL AND DAINTY CHRISI'BIAS PRESENTS. ALL Linen Irish Bleached Damask Tablecloths (nominal eines) 2 x 2 yards 3s. 9d. each, 2x 2,1 yards 4s. 10d. each. Fine Irish Linen Hemstitched Openwork and Embroidered Afternoon Tea Cloths, 32 a Olin In. 9d. each, 36 x 311 in., 3s. 3d. each. Exquisite Hand-Embroidered Hand.dman Afternoon Tea Cloths 4s. 6d. to 20s. each. Ladies Superior Real Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs 3s. 94. dozen. Ladies' Fine Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, beautifully embroidered, 6s. 9d. per dozen. Gent's Rae quality Hemstitched Irish Linen Handkerchiefs, ss. Ild. and 7s. 6d. per dozen. Hemstitched Linen Hock Bedroom Towels, 18 x 36m., 7s. 6d, per dozen. It x 3Gin., Bs. 9d. per dozen. All orders carriage paid in United Kingdom. Illustrated price lists post free -F. B. LECKT te CO., LTD., Linen Manufacturers, 29 Bedford at., Belfast.

Pure Home-made JAMS. We guarantee that these Jams are made from pure fruit and cane sugar only. No pulp or gelatine is used in their manufac- ture. Owing to shortage of fruit during last season we are sold out of some kinds but what are left are ii the best of condition, Wm. Owen & Son, Family Grocers. Provision Merchants, 19, Sankey Street, WARRINGTON.

Telephone 581. Established 1878. JAMES CRITCHLEY PRACTICAL HIGH-CLASS TAILOR, 45, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Begs to announce to his patrons that he is now showing THE SEASON'S GOODS in Dress-suitings, Overcoatings .suitings and Costume Cloths.

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are invaluable for Private or Public Rooms. THE BEST AND MOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at p ENDLEBuRyts HUSE F.,PNISHERS Near CENTRAL STAT ON. TEL. 43. Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kept in stock

.... ~,t.s. „,-.-,•-•,..-• •-• . . . L... it1emp'............4 ; - M....it " MISTLETOE' Orawmg Room Stove.

On SATURDAY, DEC. 16th. PRESENTATION WITH THE EXAMINER OF. THE USUAL Large Sheet /Almanac EMBELLISHED WITH A PICTURE OF THE DRIVING OF THE FIRST PILE OF THE NEW WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

OVERCOATS. We have a large and varied stock of the newest styles and materials. BOYS' D.B. OVERCOATS New Fleece Materials from 9 11 YOUTHS' OVERCOATS Double Breasted with Belt 14 11 to fit boy 17. MEN'S OVERCOATS AND RAINPROOFS 20 - to 45 - SPLENDID SELECTION. Manchester Clothing Depot, 10 Horsemarket Street, WARRINGTON.

SCOTT'S RAGLAN BLANKET CLOTH COAT TAILOR MADE. Cannot be equalled at the price. istel vt AI • -

loll' MADE TO MEASURE FOR SAME PRICE SCOTT'S 8, Horsemarket-streetl WARRINGTON. (Next door to the Manchester Clothing Depot)

KENDAL, MILNE& Co DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. - Telegrams, "Rennin." Telephone 6203 CeutrAl. SPECIAL DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. -- INSPECTION INVITED. CHOICE FURS, STOLES, AND MUFFS, EVENING GOWNS, THEATRE COATS, CHILDREN'S PARTY DRESSES, BLOUSES, DRESSING GOWNS. FUR-LINED & COSY TRAVELLING COATS SUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTS HANDKERCHIEFS, UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, REAL LACE. SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATED NOVELTIES. BRASS AND LEATHER GOODS. LLUSTRATED BOOKLET CONTAINING 1,000 SUGGESTIONS FOR USEFUL CHRISTMAS GIFTS SENT POST FREE ON REQUEST. KENDAL, MILNE &Co.

Furniture Carpets Decorations Garnetts Established Manufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL 122 Bold Street).

THE EXAMINER. SAITRDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1911

~, N .f,,,.. - ' _ W' r• a•" g . , .1 t 1.1- 4, S dd- :pi, -•- ,-, GIIFTS / i*, •.',-,:;:i- .\ for Everybody --.7,•\- There will be no difficulty 4:--. . i.l .r.. at all in choosing your \IVO ' ;- .''. "Xmas Gifts," if you will ...: -''.. 1_ ~;1... ..N:, n) only pay our windows a - . , , visit, before deciding. ''.....f „'' Whether it be something for a maiden aunt, someone e440-,‘' else's sister or someone else's brother, or for your . son or daughter, you will Oil find many suitable sugges- tions in our windows, and many more suitable still N. illiin our doors. \---014-------------2Y IVI I LLEFI .1 Go., , A I ' A,..-- . , 10, SANKEY ST., .- 4 - ~ , I - ,t„.„..„,j V WARRINGTON. Telephone 386 a.

£3 TO £l,OOO. /PHIS IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit w ithout publicity or Mondi-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably intend to repay, then wsste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 116 weekly £5O loan 10/- weekly LIO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 1131- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from 2s. in the S. No connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTER' LL, MANAGERESS, 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON

XMAS PRESENTS lANNED,ips Eu NRSEI V TO 0, A BRET lAS PT PI CR ECC AE TF EU DL SEE THE BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY THIS DAY, AT THE Flll7Ol S Hslt.L N G v STORES.ER p PIONEER 8 0 0 LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM, LARGE ILLUSTRATED MONEY SAVING GUIDE FREE. CASH OR All purchases over 40- delivered free to any Railway EASY TERMS. Station in Great Britain.

XMAS XMAS PRESENTS. RICHARD JEFFREYS, PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Picture. suitable for Weddlne and Birthday Presents, School Prises, &a Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYFR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

. CO SPOT SAM N GREEN SPOT SHOP, (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTHING.

ECONOMICAL. CLEAN. CHEERFUL, PRICE from 376. INSPECTION INVITED. COMPETENT MEN FOR FIXING. J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51, 53 & 55, Bridge Street, Warrington.

, .

_ I WILL GIVE YOU W. OK:MINN; TESTIMON MISS LILY ELSIE writes "Ili is excellent and most butifaly perf eil„ I shall always use it." MISS ELLEN TERRY writes •• It Is excellent." MISS IRENE VANBRUOH writes "Quite excellent and mod pleasant to use.'' MISS JULIA NEILSON writes: " I like it vet, much " MISS FANNY meouou writes "Mod excellent. Delightfully refre,lnug.- MISS GLADYS HUXLEY writes : • It Is the REST I have EVER add." NOTHING need be added to convince you that THE ELSINE SKIN FOOD COMPLEXION CREAM Is THE SCSI. It thoroughly Cleanses the Milo of ALL Blemishes, Softens, 11, auttlies and Preser:es. Price 2, post free, ~r cut unit this advt., send with P.O. Is. 64. and gct the sixpence so offered above. Sole Proprietor— RO SSSSS . PHARMACIST. FOWEV. CORNWALL

XMAS TOYS!! YOUR OPPORTUNITY RIGHT HERE 24 TOYS and NOVELTIES. Parted sort ..ent Carriage Paid for n P.O. 2:111Wt ireamter. Katisfsetion. All citrh reforided diortntialied prirrhsger. Here 'sibs contents of oar 2,5 W.orler 11 I Dog Caesar 12 Rabbltt 2 Horme• & Rider 13 HUrdpty. 3 Large Packet Oumpty Game Bon-Bons 14 1 Packet of Post 4 Whistling Box Card. 5 Beautiful 3-Ball 15 Mouth Organ Fan 16 Paper Mask 6 1 Boa Crayons 17 Watch 7 Skeleton 18 Colt 6 Kelly on Wheels 19 Ball 9 Chinese Fan 20 Cronk•le 10 Crawling Beetle 21 Jacob's Ladder II Wonde rf u I 22 Teddy One Japanese Egg 2 3 HUrrldlirlß Top • 1..,.11[9111i, t••,•-• 24 Sailor Artier; ctectitt'l 111 rotfttt.oiouly. J) of 1101 r, rally fordi.p.,al. Seed 6 torether sith your name IBA tidi.• THE LONDON and PROVINCIAL TOY and NOVELTY SUPPLY Co. is. Snlghtrider Street. London. E.G.

XMAS CARDS. Sample 12. with EnvS/Opog. g penny stamps. post paid. De. 0,01946 NO RI.RDISH. REALLY WONDERFUL VALUE. C. NEWNAN, 24-9, goad. Bow. London. S. BARGAINS PA wNIIFIDEERS UNREDEEMED PLEDGES. Plated Tee aprons at 1/- doz. New and „ Table Spoons .. 13 pair. Secondhand Deemert Spoon* a.m. Desert Fora.. ~ 16 „ . Table Parka Warranted to weir lit... Ober y rtun,' reo.fled Ante for bat. W. N. SHALDURS. 2. LOUvedn• Rd. Ciapten Junct ion. London. S.W.

If eggs were shovelled out of a basket—what waste! _ Same way with " loose " oats that are dug out of a sack ' with a scoop! The broken bits and dust caused by the scoop ruin your porridge make it "pasty and wasty." The large, thin Quaker Flakes protected by the sealed packet come to your plate clear, clean, unbroken and perfect. WHAT DOCTORS SAY: Quaker Oats contains, in perfect proportion, the food elements that make muscle, nourish the nerves and brain, and give energy. Quaker Oats does not overheat the blood. "40 Meals for Sixpence." MPS

-N. . -- • - -- i AKER . . - • L ; A .7,7., . .. 03- '...., : - ~... \*Niff °A a .... . D." :.1 ... . -MiniamMillillEMlMON'

To maintain their reputation for the best oats in the world the Provost Mills pay more this year, when Scotland's crop is fine but small. But you do not pay more. There is no increase in the price of Provost scot, oats then why accept inferior imita- tions and pay more for them Look for the word PROVOST as th• pocket - and fired, dedane all icrutaboaa

DANTSZ VIRUS. MA • Nu IR P_... nuL DZSTOY• RATs& micE •••••• Map, 0p... • efter AsiM Wile Nl+ L. I Tbri•lVms. Lel Pan rm. by.— DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., 13. i a 10011...11 Manny Las..• tO ..84 .1/ all 011•••••••

Do your TrouMe You? --og •-• <cistairso.' 40,fr I 00" Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain - and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that cats suooly those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCH ER & SONS Eyesight Specialiste. 73, LORD STREET Both. ISA& LIVERPOOL

CANADA WANTS MEN TO TILL THE SOIL

Farming in Canada 1/1,1115 190 ' , Annual Profit.

Get a 'arcs of the earth—in the Enipire—under the Flag. Canada's land is freehold land. Two years' rent of a British Earns will purchase iniprovcd land of equal area in Canada—Britain's nearest overseas dominion. rho acres Government land free for farming. Work for all farm labourers awl domestic servants guaranteed. For flee niaps, paniiilikt., and full particulars, apply to Mr. J. AIcLENNAN, Canadian Government Emigration Agent, (Al Castle Buildings, Preesoris Row, Liverpool ; or to Mr. J. °BED SNIFI Assistant Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, ii and It, Charing Cross, London, S.W.

EYESIGHT SAFETY Many people have slight defects of vision without know- ing it. These small inaccuracies if neglected will develop into something greater, and then it will be difficult to put the matter right. I can tell you if you need to wear Glasses, and my advice will be the means of saving you many inconveniences, and enable you to preserve your vision for the future. Call, I will tell you just what your eyes require, and I shall not recommend Glasses if they are unnecessary. JOHNSTON WATSON, Sight Testing Optician, 84, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Please Note MR. WATSON attends on Mondays and Tuesdays from 11 to 4-30, Wednesdays 11 to 5-30. Thursdays 11 to 1, Fridays and Saturdays 11 to 5-30. Hours of business 9-30 to 7-30. Saturdays 9-30 to 9.

, __..-----_____,,-..... _........ Of all ....- -------- =wen* ---,... a.: Chemists . >od + u ''' , -----"••• P-- o or - . Struts , - --‘', •'•ila ..".•• , . . •••---....„,,,:c. ---- _AIL. _ ~_. _a- ---'-• • '''::, ay' ':lAl.' .1. r. • .:1.-ai'' ...e3O"-- - - --- .. -a. :..- - - '4 Li ii, , a' - - ------'--- -IP-- t•i'a - - - ow:// Make .•__-- 4•j • , le, • ,iinik • ~-"- ''. ' - - , < . C. .'•)7i' 14 ,_ .1: "e-f.-. 7.=.11._),..,,_.•••:.,-...0.,/,;" sure _ you have . ,i' .--- --,--_-_-_ ,--,- .:::---•''' \ , "I: Howexer-you travel,. --= / them ' with you.

IDEAL PRESENTS. ••••••.......ie "PERFECT SAFETY". •''';'ir."47-7''. - —',..7‘ ' ir'. SELF-FITTING •...,.. .1 .- -, , 1 ', N.,;,"47!:' F--,10,'-.. '--•-•-•::-."'',...:--'' LEVER WATCH ES .. . 1 Warranted Timekeepers. Open Face,' .- , Half-Hunter, £8 . Bs. £ll. J. W. BENSON, LTD. Have made a special study of these charming ornaments and their "Perfect Safety" SO-Filling Watch Bracelets now contai.t many important improvements to be found only, in their make. They fit . , :tze wrist, and are made in several qualities in Gold from fi; set with Gems from .07, or Silver Caws, with Leather Strap, from Sos. Sold at strictly Moderate Prices lor Cash, or on "Elle Cilligs" System , ' MONTHLY PAYMENTS of £l. RINGS OF BEAUTY MADE BY l'''kMßYPlr 4--4MIU'IP° J. W. BENSON, LTD. Rubyil Show great originality of design coin- •' • _.--,...-k bined with taste; they prove the possi- . ------, ‘.. ' bility of securing the most exclusive and beautiful work at strictly Moderate sin-cie st,,n, . Prices for Cash, or on ache times,' £2 10. , I.av-F• .. System,: of MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 10,- and upwards. Pre-eminent above all others in the 44,,r, essentials of quality and value; and the ~ range of prices and Variety of Gems is -------,,n immense. R. 6. au Ll 2 In. SELECTIONS WILL BE SENT Ti) ENTENTINC: BUYERS AT OUR RISK AND EXPENSE. ,1411111111111 w ~ real 1,--2„ '4 illl,menserli„ *di"; 4 Illustrated Books, No. I. of Rings from .£1 uptcarik '"''''' ~ . ~.. - With isue ord./. Watelles4rom.,£2Se.lf-ittiitg Watelt :' •gi- • Diamond 11,01 1100 Psi Plate 't4t;tlery',"l:::e.steng C'a's.cs,'l4et:3ll7:rlneix.iTli's'ite Nemo/A Rubies, or Sapphires, £lO illllvarth Silver articles f. - Presents, &c., will be rent 14. fre, £2 15s. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

When not up to the mark When your usual good spit its are clouded and depressed; when your fund of energy is low; when your eye lows its lustre and your step its elasticity, when, in a word, you cease to be your own bright self, you should seek the restorative, invigorating properties of Beecham's Pills. Headache, lassitude, loss of energy, want of appetite, generally have their origin in digestive troubles of some sort, and the best way to deal with them speedily and successfully is to take that most efficacious and reliable of family medicines— BEEcium,s PILLS.

LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL AND STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities. &e. theyly afford relief and never fail to alleviate all " BLANCHARD'S are the Net of all pills for Women." I/1 per box, of all Chemists, or post free from LESLIE MARTYR, Ltd., 34, DALSTON WE, LONDON. GOUTRID This Is no idle advertisement, but s truly marvel.; bus remedy for GOUT and all Uric Acid trouble, Try it and you will be grateful. It is absolutely F harmless aud a sure speedy cure. You need not suffer any longer. FIFTEEN DAY'S TREAT- MENT sent post free for do. 6d. GOUTRID 17, SHAFTESBURY AVENUE.' LONDON, W.

PILES P:;•„%i1,11: CURED Dr. Setterle's Cones No surgical treatment. A natural cure. Hundreds of testimonials received. 26 per box post free from the manufacturers. THE BRITISH PHARMACAL CO.. BEXHILL.

sptsll-4t M I Ds4

- Thom tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears the tame " Midy." Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3s. 64., from WILCOX & CO. (Dept 30) 49 HA TM ARK LT, LONDON,

Furnlshing Problem -Solved.-

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power cf every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se hag organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash -:.:7 Convenient Paument Sustem

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We allow 2/. in the A discount foe Ometh Payments cam he arranged to Mall CIMJMIIIIB convenience. N. objectionable agreement...lga. Every Article manufa,tured under our ewe direct control and superviuon. • We pay CaTT te all warm Goads delivered Privat• Va.. Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. Good Value and san.fiad Customers account for the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. salmis that d..see not give absolute mtiefactiom leer Write •r call for Catalogu•
